Lord of the rings mordor
you know who will survive this??\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*SPIDERMAN*
Why don't you guys make film? That would be cool!
What a bad dream xD
3:38 Did I leave the refrigerator running?
Bring more Video Game High School!
Dang Brett you always die. But you so good at dying.lol
What if kids see this thay will be scard
This is what I call content
hes name is karl my name is karl also :-)
It's fake but still good vid one Question why doesn't the house fall with the lava??????!!!!!!!
Lmaooo
3 days, 1M views wtf
Lol
Why sofa not burn
the floor is greenscreen.
Zis iz skäri...
Not a craze anymore
Im laughing
0:44 *OOF*
hahahahahahaah
Like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nNNaezPoiM lol
So dramatis
Nice
Just some uneducated people
Notice, they aren't sweating wtf
😢😢😢😢😢😢
I love it
weed man
*hahaha this is epic*
Together as kids
cool
This is dark.
It*
OMG RPIC
1000 people means they feard
4:15 boat simulator 2017
ahahha... the fcc... lol
The unexpected ending
3:20 Hip Hip
yo wadup son!
HOOOOOLD UP THEY WOKE UP ON 3:00AM?!?!
Oh lord
that's awsome
so dramatic its awesome
Arizona be like
Lol
OMoe Wa mOu OshinDerU
(Pause at 0:35) *EXTRA THICC!*
Awsome
wtf did I just watch?
Plot twist
2017 be like
Is this real?
The ending tho😂😂😂
3:20 LOL
Well... I subbed
Haha😂 not real its dream hahahaha😂😂😆 so funny dream
Reminds me Destiny 2 floor is lava
THIS WAS AWSOME..... subscribes*
Screw Kevin Owens, just fire the mother******
dont let this video distract you from the fact that John Cena did a blade job for Vince McMahon after the headbutt by Kevin Owens
KO can only bit people like Vince at 72
whos the guy in the suit woth blue shirt
Who was the dude in the suit who came out to help Vince?
WOW I hope that Stephanie tells her husband triple h and he comes next week to smack down and beat down kevin owens for what he did to vince mcmahon
what did Stephanie say to Kevin?
his forehead must be made of iron bro
Vince Out of Touch
Guys they didn't black out the blood.. Bye bye pg era
They must have some big plans for Owens.
i haven't seen mr mcmahon in centuries. this man doesn't age. i wonder if he still has that stupid walk.\n\nomg he's bleeding! now that's the wwe I know!!!!!
Vince is a legend
2:02 billionaire, I guess we need President Trump to deal with Mr. McMahon again, just like he embarrassed him ten years ago. if Vince tries to lay a hand on Donald, he'll answer to secret service this time, and go to prison.
man vince is old.
The real BEAST in the WWE.
it would've been awesome if HHH came out to save Vince
well vince did loss a lawsuit otherwise wwf wouldnt change to wwe
shane where u at
Good stuff! Like the ole days.
The blood was definitely a shoot the head bump was legit
Where was triple h though and I think Stephanie told Kevin Owens he fired. From the way her mouth was moving.
Those of you who are hoping for Kevin Owens to get fired should be prepared for your hopes to be dashed. Remember, back in 2009 Randy Orton did the same thing and he wasn't fired so neither will Owens be. Obviously, this is setting up a feud between him and the McMahons while further pushing him as a major heel.
Great Segment! I see a future of Triple H and KO at Wrestlemania. After he cruises through Shane O Mac
I have a feeling that Kevin actually headbutted him. Just look at his face, he is SCARED! He was not ment to make him bleed.
No hidden blade in Vince's hands. Real deal triple O.G...
Kevin owens doesnt have the look, looks like a typical average fat dude
Imma kill ko Even though it's scripted
Owens v HHH at Mania book it
Daneil bryan vs kevin owens
Kevin Owens your fired
ALL PHONEY
Pushing Owens is Vince's way of saying 'I'm sorry' to canadians for the Screwjob 20 years ago.
Watching this made me realize the Magnitude of what WCW felt like when Nash powerbombed Bischoff off the stage and I've been watching since 2001, honestly this is the first thing that made me realize how important that was. Back during the 2002-2004 period, so much of that was happening each week it never really had this impact before. I'm just glad to admit this PG thing doesn't have a bad aftertaste, and that's coming from someone who's seen Kane strap jumper cables to Shane's juevos and fried his dumplings
Wouldn't it be great if Stephanie orchestrated this whole thing to take Shane out of power.  If she traded KO to poison SDLive and her Dad was used as collateral damage ultimately leading to a Survivor Series match for the control of BOTH brands.  Man, that would be one hell of a long play.
Vince's teaching Roman how to sell.
Kevin Owen is a great guy
This was pure gold
If only JR called it.\n\nOHMAIGAWD! NO! FOR THE LOVE OF GAWD KING! WILL SOMEONE STOP HIM? VINCE IS 72 YEARS OLD! DAMN YOUR SOUL STRAIGHT TO HELL KEVIN OWENS!
coper141
i dislike Keven owens
Payback for Fastlane
I thought triple H was gonna come and beat him up
Is it just me or is Kevin Owens Awesome. Everything he does i see passion for the industry
Glad they didn't put a grey screen to cesaor the blood
Vince vs Owens back to the old stone cold Steve Austin days
If you want to watch a wrestler snap properly, youtube old Ken Shamrock matches.
I swear kevin owens is like a little pre k girl who got her pencil stolen during school
Got my tickets for this Pay Per View to watch Shane beat the holy hell out of Owens
Fact# HHH hasn't been in a smackdown ppv more than 10years.
Something told me that Kevin Owens was going to be fired I also fell that Triple HHH would have a match at Wrestle mania 34
Listening to Kevin Owens speak is crigeworthy. It reminds me of the South Park WWE Episode. So corny and takes out any realism
That was totally uncalled for Kevin should have never attacked Mr McMahon
CM Punk enjoyed Vince getting his was beat.
I don't care if Kevin Owens sucks he's a good wrestler
Vince is such a savage
what is stephanie doing at smackdown
Vince is a madman.
I would've marked out if he hit him with the package piledriver.
So blood is okay if it's part of the story.
Vince is Vince , even at 72 , he is still super fit . Blood patch on the forehead ? Seen Vince take way more punishment than this . He is looking for sympathy . About time we had the attitude era back . Will Vince be the guest referee ? In the Shane/Owens match ?
Vince McMahon is a tough guy who is willing to hurt himself for the company. Massive respect. Also, I hope we get no haters for Owens vs. Shane like AJ vs. Shane did.
Something Tells me that Kevin's gonna get fired if he loses
In truth, Vince is more ripped than Owens.
Though KO has won the Universal title but he truly now is in the big leagues.
That looked brutal. I hope Mr. McMahon is ok...geez
Typical feud when a wrestler gets involve the authority just waiting to see whose best
Still Stone Cold can do better than that.
Did the headbutt cut him, or did he cut himself, because Owen's for head didn't even get red.
not one singe lawsuit lost? Get the f out vince...
whats with the gimpy crowd cheering everything mcmahon says
They should be cheering Owens.
lol that was funny hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Yoooourrrrr Firrrrred
funy boy..
U suck
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱🙊🙊🙊🙊🙊🙊🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈
hahaha
TRUMP 2020!
Scripted bt interesting
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
/
Kevin Owens u are scum
k.o is best
Tubby crushed Vince's ribs :(
that superkick was vicious
Stephanie is bad af!!!!!! 😻 #Body
Fire kevinOwnen'ns
Lol I hope Kevin Owens gets fired
#ThankYouKevin
Shane mc mahon beat Kevin owen
Boooooooooooooo
Fack you owens
Probre McMahons😨
The Attitude Era is coming back from the PG curse.
I think smackdown has some new changes in future that Stephine will become new GM of Smackdown live
Who would pay hard earned money to see this FAT NO TALENT UNINTERESTING SLOB wrestle? NOT ME!
If you pause it at 2:31, you can see the Vaseline/makeup on Vince's forehead perfectly.
*NOO*
First an F5 from\nBrock lesnar now\nThe head butt to\nKevin owens.\nWhay the Heck is\nGoing on?
I wonder if this meets Jim's bowl criteria dyiiiing! Hahaha
I knew I recognised you the other day on Goodge street! I saw myself at 7:43 in the video in the blue jacket and grey trousers walking the opposite direction to you lol
Where are your sunglasses from😍
Tanya, for what it's worth, I think it worked out better that you had to wear your trainers, especially when it came to taking photos with everyone. That SAME thing has happened to me in high heels and, oh my gosh, the pain was terrible! I actually relived it watching this. In fact, I had to look away when you showed the photo when it happened. Glad you're ok!
What Jim wants is a pasta or salad bowl, which both have low sides: http://www.independent.co.uk/extras/indybest/food-drink/best-pasta-bowl-marks-and-spencer-habitat-denby-royal-doulton-a7043676.html
What was the mac lipstick colour you where wearing at the event? I NEED!💗
Ouch! I bet your ankle hurt soo much xx
The focus is really good. Good 🎥
Never knew they personalized Yorkshire tea! My dad works at Taylors of Harrogate and makes those and I never knew, I love Yorkshire tea!
You look beautiful Tan. I hope your ankle feels better. Please look into a plant based diet as you dont need to kill to cook and no life need be taken for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Love your channel, Ive been following you for the last 7 or 8 years. Take care of Jim and Martha. ❤❤❤
My best friend and I were so happy we were able to meet u.  Love u sooo much 💕😍😘❤️
You look so lovely Tan, that dress is one of the nicest outfits I've seen. When I saw those shoes I thought they looked dangerous, had some similar and did exactly the same last year. Tore ligaments and was hobbling around for weeks , all the way through a holiday in Dubrovnik! You're a trouper for not crying lol and powering through!
How gorgeous you look in that dress!
what is the lipstick your wearing??? ❤
Tan's vlogs are the best <3
I've preordered your book Tanya x
I feel your pain! I fell and sprained my ankle in July and it took ages to heal. Hope you're feeling better already!
OMG!!! I love those glasses!!! Beautiful and they look so amazing on you! xoxox
great vlog love! xo from my channel to your’s <3
I've pre ordered your book and ordered your xmas calendar
10:38 she get's her ankle bruised 😟
What sunglasses did you have on?
I have so much respect for you! I can't believe you did a meet and greet with a sprained ankle! Take care of yourself Tan 😢❤😚
this dress looks AMAZING on you
The red dress is so flattering on you!!!
Love this so much!! Tanya we love youuuu!!!! Check out my new vids xxx
5:20 - I think he's looking for a soup plate then. Love your taste in home ware!  xx
Sounds weird but your teeth urghhh I'm so jealous 😕❤️
That dress is gorgeous and oh so feminine! 😍
Out of interest, how much tea does the average Brit consume a day and why do they love it so much?
You inspire me so so much, your my hero. You make me so happy every time I watch you, you make me smile. I've been watching you for 2 years now and since I get really stressed and have anxiety I have loved to come home every week excited to watch your videos and have something to look forward to, like a reward. Thank you for just doing what you do, you are amazing and have really helped me get through tough times. 💕🙂
Hope your ankle is better👍✳️👍✳️👍✳️
can u do more what i eat in a day videos i love them !!
Hey Tan, your so inspiring! Thank you die uploading a new video! But when i read the title i that you were going to talk about mentally getting hurt and i would be interested to hear you talk about that! Xx
Love the new Vlog camera! 💗
Omg I'm in your vlog ahhh I'm so happy 😁✨🙌 it was nice to meet you at reserved
Great video! What card holder did you have in your bag? After one and yours looked perfect as it had a zip for change too. Xx
I have the exact kind of bowl you need and bought it in John Lewis.  Eat my pasta and stir-fries in it.  Sorry I can't photograph it - it's in my London flat- but it's white and perfect.  BTW you always look amazing, I love your make-up line and the make-up you're wearing today.  Would that be Woodwinked eyeshadow from MAC?  Lots of love from me Kate xxx, and from my five yo daughter Maya xxx who is your biggest fan and loves baking your cakes ❤
PLEASE tell me where your sunglasses are from!!!! Omg they are to die for.
I JUST LOVED WHEN U SAID MOROCCO; YOU MADE MY DAY TANYA <3  ! LOVE FROM MOROCCO !
The book you held up, Conversations with Friends, is currently on my bedside table. I am just getting into reading it! I bought it in Paris when on a girls vacation with my best friend. Tanya, I hope you enjoy reading it when you get time 😄
I'm already getting excited for Vlogmas. Am I the only one? The shopping in the beginning just gave me the Vlogmas vibe :D
Aww loved this video Tanya! You look stunning in this video
Where did they go for breakfast? Looks stunning!
oh my goodness - seeing a meet and greet like that shows how exhausting it must be! and on a twisted ankle too! you are awesome, tan <3
I love Kate's outfit! Does anyone know where her coat is from? :) x
Coach nude patent loafers would have been comfortable and looked great with your dress.
Oh wow! It's so weird seeing the meet n greet in fast forward!!
I can't wait for your Christmas Vlogs!!!!!!!
Love that red dress. I felt your pain when you fell. I've sprained my ankle twice and it's not fun. Glad yours wasn't that bad
So amazing to see you loving  my national clothing brand 💓
I love your vlogs so much 💜
that must of hurt!
I love all the reserved pieces you picked out! Great vlog <3
Love youre vlogs specaily when there long! So sad for youre enkel but i hope it feels fine soon!:) And i can't wait till vlogmastime this year❤️🎄 And i am watching youre old vlogmas back so cozy^^ xxx
Where is she at the beginning of the video? :)
Bowl recommendation - look at the brand broste Copenhagen. I think it's what Jim is on about.
you looked amazing in this red dress! also, i need to visit the shop and get the leather jacket cause this is EXACTLY what i've been looking for
You are such a lady! The fall looked so painful but you didn't moan and groan about it and went on with what you had to do, which also looked painful because you had to remain standing. Chapeau bas!
YOU MASHED YOUR PEAS??? I've literally never thought of doing that, I'm shoooook 😍😋
Love you and your vlogs!! i've just met you today on broadway in NYC! outside of the converse store! thanks so much for stopping to take a photo with me, you're so sweet!
Your vlogs always make me feel so cosy! Youve always been my favourite vlogger and I cannot wait for your vlogmas!! Xx
Oh god I hope your ankle gets better Tanya. How do you pull off any outfit look hun? lol :) Your makeup looks stunning in this video. Literally cant wait for your book signing next month!! :) x
Hi from Egyptian girl here 🤗😊
I actually love watching your vlogs! I love how chill they are👌🏼
I tore my ligaments and couldn't walk for 6 months witgout support and physio therapy from falling like this. So it is a big deal and im glad u didnt badly hurt yourself. Becareful and hope you feel better. P.S. your edit looks amazing
Ahhhh loved the dress so much on you that I just ordered it straight away! You poor poppet with your ankle, I so felt for you, I hate falling over so totally got that you felt a bit shook up! Hope it was okay after your busy day! X
I was honestly thinking those shoes are so tall, how does she walk in those? Right before Tan fell 🙈
Did You know that Reserved is from Poland?
Love the new camera xxx
I think you might have lightly twisted your ankle there Tan. So I think you resting it is probably good, also should have picked up a compression bandage.
Well wishes for your ankle lovely! Try a heat compress.
This hair ages you.....plz have it like before!
Probably a sprain, so if it's really swollen and bruised wrap it and it'll be better in and week or two
Oh my goodness where did you get your sunglasses, they are the exact pair I've been looking for??!
Don't you just love when people have actual meaningful conversations with you?!?! I think It's the best, love meeting new people.
Hi Tan! Loved your vlog as per! Bit random but I wanted to make a recommendation for shallower bowls if you're still looking for them lol, Sophie Conran has the most beautiful wider, shallower white ridged bowls that are fab for stir fries & pasta etc. Zoë x
Hope your foot is feeling better! You look stunning nonetheless💖
I'm literally watching this while eating noodles from the type of bowl you are looking for.
does anyone know where tanya's sunglasses are from at 4:00?
Also, it's a shame you didn't have some converse with you, I think that would have looked really swish
love the  outfit
Hey! Amrit pal is ginger :)
good👍
Trending number 2
SECOND ON TRENDING 😇😇😇😇😇💜
My tour tickets came today!!
Looking so lovely Tanya ❤️
Love your dress! X
Going to Reserved  tomorrow!
sunglasses!!!
Your eye makeup😍😍
love your dress! sorry your ankle got hurt
Does anyone know if Tan's lips are naturally that size or if she has lip injections/something like that?  She has the most beautiful lips and they look extremely natural.
I love the lip color you're wearing, what is it please?
Oh no! This has sold out in my size- I wanted to wear this red dress for a bridesmaid dress!
I wonder if Tanya would ever like my magic...
Does anyone know where Tanya's pyjamas are from?
Hi Tanya, I'm also an EGYPTIAN and I watch basically ALL of your videos! I'm a huge fan!💕
To the girl (anyone who knows) at 15.05 where are stripe trousers from? Maybe like so more people can see? Thanks!
Australians and Brits are the exact same because all Australians were derived from the British people on the First Fleet that arrived in Australia in the 1800's.
Hey, i just wanted you to know that when i watch your videos i get a sense of calm that i get from nobody else. I am bipolar and only discovered this recently but your humour is something i connect with on even the most basic levels and it has helped me overcome the drastic changes my life has taken since then. You are an awesome person Emma please keep doing what you're doing because even when you feel like you're doing shit you're still bringing joy to one up and down mess of a person and i cant thank you enough for that.
Hey congrats on being officially a singer it was written in the metro that you were a singer who just happens to do youtube stuff on the side, and if you're feeling anything about the dna results, watchdog did a test on a dog dna company and well anything including the presenters were matched as being dogs and very specific breeds of dogs at that, so if you want to do one of those you'd get matched to be a dog, I wouldn't trust the results to mean anything, especially as they got very specific things like your earlobes wrong.
My DNA Test Results. I'm WHAT!?\nYou're an Apple superstar. What more do you want to know?
Can i make a request
Upload your zipped raw DNA data to GedMatch and MyHeritage now. They will be different to your 23andMe results. Also GedMatch is far more entertaining to me. Also did you get any bombshell relative discoveries?
Wouldn't Scandinavia be northeastern Europe?
Longer ring finger = male. [:E]  Actually your ring and index fingers are about the same size = feminine.
Hi I'm Scandinavian and I'm watching your videos
Not that I've ever done one of these massively overrated DNA tests, and most-likely never would unless it was some sort of bizarre gift... why is it as I watched this, it so reminded me of THIS movie: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119177/ :P\n\nEDIT: On a side-note, best highway-robbery money-scam ever... hey, for only £100+ spit in this test-tube we got from the surplus-shop, and we'll tell you your fortune all the way back to the dark ages!  (Saddest part is, this comes from somebody who's huge into science and used to think DNA sciences were quite cutting-edge...)
You're going to die but that just means it will be your own fault
Lpyjuhukmm\n\nJlo
I had an ad for Ancestory before this XD
100% European is the best result.
anybody else notice that Emma was on STV news? no? ok
I could've guessed all that from your nose alone
Okay, so... like I can't afford to do that, but from what you've found out we share a LOT in common. The preference for salty over sweet, freckles everywhere, ring finger longer than index, green eyes that aren't quite green.\n\nClearly we're separated-at-birth twins despite my being nearly an entire year older than you and only 25% European at best
Everyone who subscribes to the channel has a 1000 year love of their mother's father and their family and everything they want\nall you have to do is to have a cannon bone and smile
Nordic, not scandinavian lol. Finland was on the list: it's a part of the Nordic countries but not a Scandinavian country
You call that a lot of freckles?! Lol you should we my brother, he's more freckle than white
I actually went and researched on Neanderthals, fairly interesting. Turns out that they were very smart!
I didn't know it also showed your likelihood for terminal and horrible illnesses. I need to do this now lol
I'm a niggee
and then i just didn't exist😂😂😂😭
Its cool to be Scandinavian? What year is this?
Where does it say you're 14 % scandinavian? The only 14 % is 14 % BROADLY NORTHWESTERN EUROPEAN - which can be anything in North Western Europe. Including the british island, france, germany and scandinavia.
You are so comedic! I'm subscribing to you! 😂
It's not only skandinavian you forgot Russia 🇷🇺.........but yeah I'm pretty sure Russia didn't go on raids and...... yup your probably skandinavian .....
Emma, where did you get your shirt, I lovee it! Best wishes from Germany <3
Your DNA test says yes you are a FREELOADER!!! Stop having people pay your bills LOOSER!!!!!
Why does it matter so much if other Youtubers have made a similar video? If you wanna do it, you do it girl. If it's original- okay fab that's great. If it's not original- then okay still fab that's great!
She must be pretty thick to think she was completely British
Broadly Northwestern European doesn't necessarily mean Scandinavian though. It just means that the DNA could be from any northwestern European area including British & Irish, but it can't be confirmed for sure. It's more likely that that assignment is British and Irish instead of Scandinavian considering her already high British and Irish results.  \n\nMore info on the broadly assignment:\nhttps://customercare.23andme.com/hc/en-us/articles/212186038-Broadly-assigned-and-Unassigned-ancestry
Now that you mention it, I do see the neanderthal.
The asparagus thing is if your pee smells bad after you eat asparagus
I'm never gonna die!\n\n*hits Emma with train*\n\nJk I would never do that..\n\nI would hit her with asparagus instead :D
My family tree has been laid out on my mother's side for generations. Her family came to America from Germany in 1845. When I first got my Ancestry DNA test results, they didn't mention Germany at all! Then I noticed the results were derived from the information they gather about their other customers. So it is rather like going to a fortune teller 🔮 😂
Did she find out that she's white?
YOU WERE FEATURED IN THE APPLE SPECIAL
Adult humans are infact not supposed to drink milk by default thus your body wouldn't naturally produce the enzyme to deal with it. However if u've continually drunk it from childhood ur body has retained the production of that enzyme. So when u stop for a prolonged period your body sorta forgets coz it's not a default enzyme for adults ... thus u have trouble with lactose after
My top fave youtubers -including lovely Emma of course- have done these test now I'm really curious about doing my own DNA test. :P
i sent mine off about 2 months ago, bloody place takes age the latest said due to the hurricane your results will be delayed, i used my heritage for it and it was on offer at 69 pounds, cant wait to see what it says, as for yours that a lot of Neanderthal you have and very rare, means mostly your family has bread slowly over the 10s of thousands of year and stayed close to England.
You're an idiot for taking a dna test without truly understanding the implications of the test and its results. There, question answered
Whenever I see you now, I'm just going to think Neanderthal.
Not to be that person but the broadly Northern European could actually be British still. They just can't pin point what the Northern European is. It doesn't necessarily mean Scandinavia but it's possible
I have been watching Youtubers for years, and now I keep up with a lot less than I use to, but I still keep up with Emma Blackery, and Jenna Marbles because those two just do whatever they feel like doing and its so genuine, and satisfying.
She's like the perfect human
The moment I subbed: When I predicted that she was going to say: I'm gonna live forever a second before she actually said it :D
You think that's a lot of freckles?\n\n\nI'm ginger.
Emma ! Take care of a good own house, you will need it for a long time
So we have established that Emma is perfect?
Where do you get the spit test thing from? X
Yup, yes I knew it\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm Swedish
i very much want to do this, but i'd rather not pay £100
Lmao I didn't know some people couldn't smell asparagus.
She's going to be on the news!!!!!!
I got 61% Eastern European Jewish \n18% Iberian (Portuguese dad) \n12% British (lived in London all my life) \n 2% Irish \n2% African\n1> Caucasian
I love your top
I got I got I got I got black man skin and white man skin inside my DNA
2:02 HOW DID YOU KNOW I WAS FROM SWEADEN!!!?
She probably said but where do you do this? I kinda want to find out mine
5:15 sorry Emma, but you are not the first immortal being. There are a few other species on this planet that are biologically immortal, for example: Turritopsis dohrnii, (jellyfish) and Lobsters (Though they could actually die if they fail to molt)
Love you Emma I am Swedish
Ive just posted my first ever video... please can someone watch it and let me know what you think? i was very nervous doing it haha
The whole lactose intolerant thing happens because lactose is broken down by an enzyme in your stomach (basically a little thing that makes reactions happen quicker). As humans we are born with this specific enzyme to break down lactose because we have breast milk when we're babies. \nAs we grow older these enzymes are sometimes no longer produced because we should no longer be consuming lactose. That's why people can become intolerant as they get older. \nThis is also why if you don't eat it for a while you body will no longer produce the enzymes so you become intolerant to it
Are you genetically predisposed to being a regressive?
lol, have you seen this https://youtu.be/1_Ka9uXEEuU i laughed
She said people say she sounds Australian. Not at all😂
Lol I am gunna die very early, thanks bad genes, I eat healthy, I jog a lot, but my parents and grandparents have all the shit and I have more shit than they had at my age lololol.
Emma I have a very real question for you... where did you get that top? Please??? You look like a vampire... possibly... IMMORTAL??! \n\nAlso I'm from Essex too! Was born in southend hospital ^-^ thanks for being you, m'dude. You've made me laugh for the past 5 years and I'm so proud of how far you've come.
Our generation will live to 100
Emma, whats wrong with your neck? Loved the video btw
People experience digestive issues after having omitted certain foods due to bacterial changes in gut. You dont have to be genetically intolerant to bloat from lactose if haven't eaten it in a while... if you can produce the enzyme your body doesn't forget but you probably don't have sufficient bacterial used to digesting lactose and the bacteria you do have will struggle with it\n. Hence bloating. Give it a week or so of eating dairy and there will be more bacteria accustomed to lactose and then less digestive issues. It's all in the gut flora!!
you are WHAT?! sickening
Your funny..   :)
Hi there fellow Scandinavian.
5:13 - 5:20 😂😂😂
Any army here?
Yeah, us swedes sniffed you out immediately. B)
100% European ? \n😴😴😴😴😴😴
No-one cares.
My swede sense tingles
you fun
Emma gives me Nicky from OITNB vibes.
secc haha
the secc
Ya gurl is #20 in trending
We swedes got you
Nån från Sverige??? Haha
oh shit im swedish
askew
Im scorpio 2
24 ON TRENDING! CONGRATS!!!
Hi
Soo cool hair
DNA results come in:\nYour ancestry determines you're likely to start a YouTube channel.\n\nP.S. Your test is free if you make a video about this test.
You are aware that North Western Europe includes the UK, Germany and France as well, right? Not just Scandinavia?
Let's be honest, AmazingPhil was the first one that did this DNA test and that's because he got it free through his mums friend 😂
What the hell is a pound. Do you even Dollar?
Nothing more scary in the 70's than an old fridge containing Jimmy Saville and Gary glitter.
1 less VLOG on the trending makes me happy
What happens when the soviets attack and we've smashed all the doors off our Fridges? How will we protect ourselves from the nuclear blast wave?!
I spent the best years of my childhood playing hide n seek in an old fridge....
why the fuck is this trending
I swear they talked about this on a recent Triforce episode?
I'm tired of all this Fridgophobia
Don't suppose anyone clicked after being reminded of the Triforce! Podcast?
Why is this on the trending page lmfao
To you, it's just a worn out fridge...\n\nBut to Indiana Jones it's the means to live through the effects of a nuclear bomb.
why the fuck is this trending
My mum knows someone who's child did exactly that and died of suffocation.
Wait a minute, I saw a fridge save Indiana Jones' life from a nuclear bomb  in the kingdom of the Crystal skulls,  and I trust Indy more than I trust the government.
I knew fridges couldn't be trusted. And they all thought I was mad.
Hi, kids. Can you say natural selection?\n\nNo? Well, I'll just leave you alone with this old fridge and we'll see if you make the species stronger or not.
I play with an old fridge everyday and I haven't died yet 👌🏻
My new video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvJb1bVgVRA more retro fun
All new refrigeration appliances have a magnet which enables the door to be easily opened if someone decides to get inside.\nThis video is just old history.
Is it impossible to open the fridge from the inside? This makes me want to climb inaide one and try it.
Please explain how a video with 35k views gets in trending, YouTube?
Wtf will i use for a castle now
This is serious..i was killed in the 70's by an old fridge.
This campaign must have run deep, I still see white goods dumped, but at least they took the door off
0:26 OK so now we know how the thousands of missing children over the decades were stuffed in fridges and taken to paedophiles
Maybe they wanted to die, who are we to deny a child the right to death by fridge?
People say this for many things but this is the best example\n\n\nWhy is this trending ?!
More like killing a child's dreams of killing themselves
It saved Indiana Jones... yep that happened
In America you eat from the fridge in Soviet Russia fridge eats you
Why does this PIF (Public Information Film) STILL scares the living day lights out of people?.
I've been living with one of these silent killers all my life. Please send help.
At least it would preserve the corpse.
Russian kids would've no problem
Why is this trending? Are fridge deaths on the rise
why is this trending in 2017
Yeh, this would have been much better narrated by pflax as Sean Bean
Now the kids are just eating the entirety of the content in the fridge . .yay obesity . If kids knew they could kill might scare em off a bit
Why is this 33 on trending though
What the fuck
This is trending cos of Noel fecking Fielding isn't it 😅 God damn it Noel, you fridge lurking loon!
Wtf
This is trending because in a recent episode of Great British Bake Off, one of the presenters (Noel fielding) was locked in a fridge as part of a transition clip I believe, and there were loads of complaints to ofcom about it, as many children have died by getting stuck in old fridges and freezers.
Kim Jong-Un making this trend?
The triforce podcast
One saved Indiana Jones.
Anyone here from YogPod Triforce?
THANKS EVERYONE!!!
This was on TV recently.
Old fridges can kill??? Omg didn't know the 70s had sentient fridges. They kept that one hidden... 😱
Why is this trending???!? Lol
This is what YouTube needs more of these old classic British videos
they don't make them like this anymore
Why is this number 14 on trending
Chilling
I'm well happy something very British is trending. Pleasant surprise uploader or did you kind of expect it? XD
Who the hell keeps an old fridge at home?
0:13 Boy, that escalated quickly
Why is this trending?
why would i ever go into a fridge?
Ok then
Indiana jones survived in one
Ok. I'll remember
I'm assuming this public service announcement is so on the nose and heavy handed because something serious happened...
Good!  One less mindless Vlog on trending!
Old fridges can kill!!
#42 ON TRENDING\n\nWhat?
The most British thing ever. FRIDGES ARE THE REAL PROBLEM WAKE UP SHEEPLE
why is this trenidng 2011 rly..
Don't play inside of fridges, noted. Thanks again for this. 
The Great British Bake-Off.
It's sad when Google/YouTube promote a 70s ad instead of promoting ads for YouTubers.
The YogPod sent me. Be Warned.
Nowadays the danger of this is invisible because fridges now have magnetic seals instead of locks and they put masking tape over the doors to keep children out.
nuke bomb shield to indaina jones
What a shame! I'm single, on benefits, and I bought a luxury fridge freezer for £2000. It got me into a lot of debt and now I've been evicted. I thought I could live in my fridge as its big enough but I guess not. Oh well, I'll have to shiver on the streets instead.
I remember the BBC broadcasting this child safety film inbetween Jim'll Fix It and Top Of The Tops
My body is ready.
Do not worry guys. This trailer may seem like it is trying to make the Order of the Ancients creepy and dark, but the Order of the Ancients may not be as dark and creepy as you think they are. It is just like the movie trailer Mother looking like a horror movie when it turned out that Mother was not really a horror after all. Anyway, I am getting hyped for this game to come out.
How can a group call themselves the order of the ancients? We, in the present day can refer to ancient times but an ancient order calling themselves ancient doesn't make much sense.
woooow it's so amazing
This trailer is really sick, what's the soundtrack name btw?\nI hope there is the possibiliy to loot their masks when you kill them, because I want to go around with that Anubis mask equipped for the entire game
WOW THE GAME LOOK LIT BTW IGNORE THE FKNN HATER
I really wanna like this game but i just cant. i hope this revitalizes the series but for now im just not feeling this game which really bums me out because im a huge fan of the series.
Do yourself a favour;\n1. Pause the trailer and mute the sound \n2. Open a new tab \n3 Search 'Trinity' by James Dooley\n4. Play the song along with the trailer\nYou can thank me later ;)\n\n(That rhymed lol)
October 27th is so close yet so far away
For me personally, it's a theme I would like to see explored more.\nso it's his Uplay Key GLOBAL:  https://www.g2a.com/assassins-creed-origins-uplay-key-global-i10000068314001?reflink=asc-key-global
looks cool. but the next one better take place in japan
WE
i wqtching in 5 k 1080 p
Actual Ingame Footage
but the world is supposed to end September 23rd..
It looks of the hook
If you are stupid, please pre order.
ubisoft and there games are great i hope they bring back the style of venturing further the majestic feel hidden treasure ,experimental combats and great story line.
looks good but so did unity, I'll wait  before I spend my $
Am I the only one thinking who is this assassin and who in the hell trained him to be so good and unique
I don't think they are templars I think they're linked to the first civilisation
i hope brutus is in this game, the one who responsible for caesar's death
Lord Chin Chin is not pleased
Ohhhhhhh! Are they gonna say the Plagues of Egypt were all caused by pieces of Eden? That's a really cool idea.
This better relate to the ancient human civilizations.
Man I want this game so bad. Haven't been this excited about a game since news of rdr2. I hope it has a great story.
lemme guess, another 60$ for single player game! neat
00:46 the theme is fuckin epic !!!
Dude, this looks like it's gonna have one hell of a story compared to the last few AC's. I hope it does well. If it gets a 7/10 or higher by steam I'll consider getting it. I haven't seen one worthy since Black Flag
Is this like the majjii from the old mummy movies?
Who else us more excited buy this game at any cost...
hot this game reminds me of Shadow of Rome!
Well now, this looks pretty interesting, maybe even deep and dark, and not because of the fancy graphics with the beautiful art.\nBut because of what it shows.\nI hope its not a misinterpretation, because this could really make Assassins Creed an amazing franchise again, since the end of revelation.\nAnd I just loooove the setting, obviously haha.
The guy at 1:03 looks like Ashraf Ismail !!!!!!!!!!!!
I lost it at the Chinese gladiatior XD
Assassin's Creed with For Honor's combat would be pretty awesome
Still missing the old  Prince of Persia Trilogy ...   :(
ANCIENT EGYPT --- A drone in the form of an eagle. But still so hyped by the setting and these kind of trailers Ubisoft is making.\n\nGood job Black Flag team!
Beautiful game! can't wait to play on the Xbox One X
Looks like I need a new graphics card
This and Xbox one X. Can't wait!
Безусловно, самый крутой трейлер на движке игры!
SO the mejai are both defender against the evil mummy and origin of the assassins. LOLOLOLOL
So these are like the egyptian Templars
Assassin's Creed should have a more Uncharted 4/God of War 4/Prince of Persia feel rather than a Witcher 3/arcade game feel. The trailers always have that feel but not the game. It'd be cool if the combat was like Assassin's Creed Syndicate but a flowed a little better like in Batman Arkham because the riggedness and repetitiveness of the fighting got a bit tedious in Syndicate at times. The animations seem blocky at times.
By the order of the Ancients.\n- Dragon Knight, Dota 2
THIS COUNTRY ?! come on Ubisoft... \nthe notion of country didn't even exist yet back in ancient Egypt era. There were only empires and unexplored lands.\nshould we take this as a bad sign for poor research work and possible more and bigger historical inaccuracies within the game?
This trailer is awesome i can't wait.
Wow! It's beautiful!
Here is how I feel...\nI have a PS4.\nEvery footage we've seen so far on Assassin's Creed Origins runs on XBOX One X. Now, I am not trying to criticize Xbox One X or the game itself and it's performance on XBX, rather it's one of the most gorgeous looking games so far and I love everything about ACO. So what is my problem? It's the fact that we will be seeing a different game, a downgraded game, when played on PS4 and Xbox One S. Those two consoles can't handle this game, in my opinion, even at 1080p with descent graphics and playable frame-rate (based on other game releases such as Final Fantasy XV or The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt). To try and make it look good means they would have to compromise the frame-rate or in order to play in a (I consider smooth) 30fps, we would get really bad graphics. I fear that ACO for (especially) PS4 would be the same case with Unity or Syndicate. Unity looked beautiful but lacked frame-rate and performance and Syndicate was smoother but lacked the eye appeal that Unity granted. So basically what I'm saying is that the only choice you have on enjoying this title is to play it on PS4 PRO or Scorpio (consoles). Anything besides that, for this game and every other game to come, PS4 and XBS is a downgrade, and Sony and Microsoft aren't saying a thing about this issue because, I know, they do have better options. Pro (Sony), Scorpio (Microsoft), and now it's only up to the player if he/or she wants the better experience in the end, but of course, it'll cost you.
So bayek is working for Cleópatra ? My theory is that Cleópatra is gonna be Crazy for power
0:58 why are they running to the fire?
Getting me THIS CLOSE to canceling my pre-order for Shadow of War for this. I can only afford one and I own all the rest of the AC games.
Filthy Goa'ulds! Where is SG1, when you need them?
That Vivendi forces in the trailer? If you do not buy more stocks, your company will burn to the ground...
Hello Mr Ashraf Ismail ,My name is Lee Yoon Hang from Malaysia and 18 years old call me Jackson Lee. thank you out of the assassin creed origin,I am assassin's creed supporters and National Historian.  I hope you through the video games with mission. You promised me, you make the game is replay mission and replay side missions in sequence just like Assassin's Creed 3, Liberation, Black Flag, Rogue, Unity, Chronicles and Syndicate. You are lot less game thing is in the single mission is Explore the area Identify opportunities : (1. Stealth Opportunity 2. Assistance Opportunity 3. Unique Kill Opportunity) by Assassins Creed Unity and Syndicate. Challenge in Single Mission and Side Mission, DLC Mission and Side Mission, Back to Old Kingdom Egypt mission just like World War 1 by Assassin's Creed Syndicate and Don't forget the Important Character is Mark Antony Rome politician and general in Egypt. But Mr Ashraf Ismail I have a question ? A Chinese Warrior Character is come from the Han Dynasty (BC 202~220),Han Dynasty clothing is correct but why his hairstyle looks just like The Qing dynasty (1636~1912)? How do you explain the game director! Very so funny man. I'm National Historian of student. Thank you for the Egypt world I'm very so happy and I'm your Supporters.
SO Hype for this game !
Maybe their 4 primary leaders would be -- War, Famine, Pestilence and Death -- now that would be awesome.
4K Native Only On Xbox Console
cool
Pleaaaaaseeee be an awesome story
1:13 bayek can grow beard confirmed
Please put multiplayer in it, its the most fun part of AC!
0:57 what are these people doing? Ubi..
Going back means no guns, no cannons... \nBack to bow and dart I guess....
The 10 plagues will be appear in the game?
I'm guessing the anubis guy is the Grand Master Templar
I'm on the fence. Not a fan of the series and its mechanics, but Origins seems to have taken notes from the right games. Did Ubisoft finally get rid of abstergo's modern day side story, or is it in this game?
Mummy?
YOU KNOW WHAT WAS GOOD ABOUT ASSASSINS CREED?  MY BOI CONNER KENWAY GAHAHA! FUK YEAS
Pretty sure Ubisoft wants you to know that the templars are the Ancient Ones :)
In 0:34 was that reference to a spilting of a sea????
The Order of Ubisoft.\nMysterious figures, who seek the money of the ancient scrubs.\nHidden and faceless, they control the final content from the shadows. From downgrades to overpriced DLC's, their hunger for money and control is limitless.\nWhen Ubisoft craves for money, noone can stand in their way.\nTHEY ARE THE REASON FOR YOUR PAIN AND ANGER!\nIF YOU DO NOT ACT, THE GAMING-INDUSTRY WILL BURN TO THE GROUND!\n\n\n\nUbisoft will tear your wallet apart.\nWhat will you do, Casual?\n__________________________\n\nAnother AC Game, available October 27th.\nPre-order now and get a game, that isn't missing a mission, but we still add expensive DLC's with missions so you can enjoy the full game later for double the price.
WE
I'm too excited
Cannot wait!
ah, c'mon...
voice sounds like Emillia Clark AKA Daenerys Targaryen from Game of Thrones.
ITS AGE RESTRICTIONED
It's Everyday Bro.
I'm excited!!
awesome....
1:28 Legolas?
Bugisoft
super a ssassins kiedy premiera
Remember, its ubisoft...
The Order of the Ancients. So are they like Pre-Templars?
I don't know why but, Assasin's Creed's graphics never looked like in sinematic trailer (You can compare)
Yup I just bought the gold edition :)
Remove that fuking centurion
0:58 is the best. The stuck NPC running in a fire. I also love the ULTRA-LOW polygons all around.
So you create an organization to fight them and make a really really really stupid creed.  This should be a reboot and change that stupid creed.  Everything is permitted, remember?  How stupid.
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN SOOON !!!!
What happen ac series after origins
please remove the slow mo and zoomed arrow thingy
And then rpg elements destroyed the game
Maybe some armors/outfits with the greek/egyptian/roman style would be nice to see. And take your time to make this game great, dont sell us the name ... sell us a game that will love. And reconsider that dodge, too long!
Every ac game is the same,a  bunch of trailing missions and another bunch of assassinations.
WE
Please refine the parkour system Ubisoft!!! Bayak has no flair with his free running it's going to be very boring to run around as him unlike it was with Arno!!! He needs his own flair, but you guys have not done enough to give him that flair!! I'm seriously doubting players will want to play the game very much if they can't traverse the world with creative flair and you guys have a month left please please please make it count and add this one detail!!
Hi grace I'm Hannah and people always tell me I sound just like you when I sing your songs. I love you so much and keep up with the good work. Ps I'm only 11
You'll save the future generation Grace 🌸
I'm so proud of you.
So proud of you❤❤
She just started at Americas Got Tallent and she has a channel! In the future she will be a star :) go Grace :D
what is your fandom 's name Grace ??
Guys it would mean the world if you all subscribed❤️
who loves grace?\nGive me your like to show to me your proof that you are like grace 😉
I love you so much never give up! You are so beautiful! Never stop doing what you are doing!
She's come so far
I really love your music and you have a great personality, Grace, and I don't want to say I'm a 'Fanderwaal' because I find it quite cringy tbh but I truly am a Fanderwaal I guess!
Omg I love this!! I love and support you and hope you do great in everything you do!!
Awwww..... Grace This video us Great I❤️you
I'M EARLY! right?
you are a role model for me
I'm so proud of her fame, she deserves all that she have and more !!! 💖
HOLY WOW I AM SO PROUD AND HAVE CHILLS
SHE'S SO PURE AND BEAUTIFUL PROTECT HER
Were all so proud to be part of this! Well get to see you grow and grow up at the same time as you and i think thats just awesome! I can imagine in 10 years, well hear you on the radio and remember how it all started! But as of right now, take your time and make sure you dont get overwhelmed; keep doing what you like to do!
My baby, ooo i promise im not crying, i am so goddamn proud 💕💕💕
Grace, you're the best songwriter. You inspire me so much, because you're like 12 and have already started a career. I love music and I want to be just like you! Please keep being yourself because you have sooooooo many fans like me who love you so much!
A less ordinary life for sure
I just, love you so much, Grace
I love her and her music so much! But just... well you know what fame can usually do to you.
Aww!!! Grace you're so amazing!!!! You're so special and talented, and my greatest inspiration!!! I know you'll probably never read this, but I wanted to write this anyway!! I hope someday I'll be as talented and hard working as you, because you know miracles can happen!!!\n <3 <3
Grace I enjoy your music can't wait to see what else you have in mind for music
I LOVE THIS IM CRYING! ❤️💙
TE AMO!! 😍😍💕
grace is who i always wanted to be in this life...........................
Do a Gospel CD
Im waiting for music video!
Grace you are my inspiration!!\nI love you so much 💞💞💞💞💞💞
This is dot .\nDot is sąd\n1 like mąke him happy
Will u come to Poland? ❤❤❤
Can't wait for your treehouse masters episode!!!
Faz pouco tempo, mas eu já amo essa garotinha!
Grace vanderwaal... thanks to u I won my school talent show!!! I played the ukulele and my absolute grace rote song is moonlight!! Please respond to me... it would mean the world, I would also like to write a song with u, probably won't happen. But u told me to keep dreaming... so that's what I'll do. \n         Your biggest fan,\n                      Taylor J.
Here before a mil
You're the best!!!! Loving you since the day I went on YouTube to casually check the new Americas got talent videos.. ♥
the last time I was this early, mcr was still together
We love you grace!!!
Omg I love her so much 😭
Can u come to oregon or washington...I <3 grace so fucking much
Ohhhh I love you so much
xD ChickenButt me goin' to see it concert Grace!!
I'm so proud of you
young tyler joseph and taylor swift
Just the Beginning........ Damn, Girl you are part of our life <3
She has so mature voice 😍
Love you, you are so talented and sweet! Keep doing what you do, never give up on your dreams ❤❤❤❤❤🇵🇹
I feel so happy for you. I wish you luck, and joy in your career, we love you a lot.
Ugh I just love grace I supported her since she started agt and I still do I love u gracey
you are so cute , grace
She is so sweet
Grace Thank YOU for your inspiration and your songs We all love you, you're blessed❤😘 Thanks Grace!
We love you Grace you are the best!
You have amazing talent, you deserve everything. You put your heart and soul into your music,you make as if we were there with you. Keep shining and always know that your music brings people up when they are down.You are the reason people get up again when they fall. Thank you so much, for being you. Never change yourself because you are the bright light that is shining on the world!
You are amazing at singing!! How do you do it!!
I love you grace 😍😍😍
Please don't stop singing grace
Grace, I love you so much!!!💖💖💖💖 Keep being you and always be happy!!!😁😁😁
Amo muito muito muito forte *-* I love you Grace <3
❤
YASSSSS QUEEN ❤️❤️✨
omg I would Support through everthing
I LOVE YOU GRACE VANDERWAAL 💞
Yes!
IM SO EMOTIONAL RN ASDFGHJKL
I LOVE YOU GRAAAAAACE
Sua voz é tão apaixonante.😍
Love you Grace!!!
#FanderwaalSinceDayOne ;3 \nWe love you grace ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Chills the whole dang time
i love you😍❤
Mi hermano se enamora de tu voz y esta enamorado de ti
💙💚💛💜💓💕💖💟💝💞💗
#fanderwallsinceday1 ❤️💜💚💙💛 love u grace.
I love u soooo mutch grace u r my I dol
slay
.... Love from Portugal.....
I love you❤🌸
Muito linda!
❣️
La amo💖
Omg first view
Sing frosty the snowman again please
❤️❤️
❤❤
Guess what 😂😂
Love ya Grace! 😋
In Spain too?
Omg yas
...I LOVE U GRACE!!!!❤❤❤❤❤😘😘😘😘
WHAT AN ICON
Love xx
🎈❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎊❤❤💚🙏🙌😃❤
Beautiful!
Yo estoy enamorada de ti, amo tu música dioooos 😍💕
666
*_CHICKEN BUTT_*
Add a sin for Daniels making a huge ordeal over the one nail, using it to stab David under the chin and then either while lying down doesn't see the scar or some how David repaired the damage which made it a pointless object in the plot, or going along with the theory David took over Walter's body which is arguably worse of a sin, apparently downloading all the information for a futuristic AI and boot up takes less time than it takes my trash bin to clear and also makes the nail a pointless object in the plot
Can you do the raid or the raid 2 please?
Can you please please please do a everything wrong with Megan leavey I promise if you've seen this movie you will understand why I want you, the god of movie reviews 😂, to do it. Please please
1:48 It's... it's how he would've wanted to go.... in a blaze of glory
Do guardians of the galaxy 2
You gotta do IT next!!
So i was watching Sleepy Hallow with Johnny Depp and Christopher Walkin) and i realized you REALLY need to do a sins video i caught so many amd i wanna see if you do
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH IT THE OLDER VERSION
I just realized that the sin counter should not have died during the fate of the furious video, because they gave the movie The Room 1.5 billion sins
Do Death Becomes Her.
Why do you guys do a video a week and not two?
Can you sin Innerspace 1987 please or phone booth
Do the movie Lets be Cops
#72, it's explained in DETAIL. I love your vids but dude, you didn't do enough research. If you didn't know the answer to 72 it seems you didn't even watch this movie!! Grrr... Yes i'm an Alien fanboy.
Just because a planet is in the habital zone doesn't mean it's air isn't full of germs or microbes that are lethal to us. Also, fuck them for making it so David created the creature we've all come to admire and love.
Even though there were a lot of sins in this movie,I still kinda liked it. I mean, it's an alien movie/kinda. Also just wanted to point out a sin that the xenomorph tubes  went right thru the fucking ceiling went climbing the ladder
Do everything wrong with It!!!
Everything wrong with wolf of wall street!!!
So I'm watching the Keanu Reeves movie Speed, I know it's probably long overdue but I really think the good folks at Cinema Sins need to \nDo this one.
Please do Everything Wrong With IT please!
Do a indian film
Everything wrong with transformers the last knight
Have y'all done and EWW the prince of Egypt? \n\n\n\nif so, Can someone send me the link?
Everything Wrong With Netflix's Death Note
The movie did a lot right: great cinematography, appealing characters, and good action sequences. But the ending was a god-damn tragedy. I had the good sense to avoid this film in the theaters. I just wish I'd had the good sense to avoid it online too. :(\n\nIf you want a Ridley Scott film, go watch Black Hawn Down again. Or even the original Alien.
Do The Last Five Years with Anna Kendrick
Man...why is the font on the second movie sin getting on my nerves?
CAN YOU GUYS PLZZZZZ DO PADDINGTON NEXT!!! THOSE JARS IN THE BOAT DON'T ALL FIT IN THAT LITTLE SUITCASE OF HIS!!!!!
everything wrong with saving private ryan?
MAKE ONE ON THE NEW IT MOVIE, I EVEN NOTICED ERRORS.
Can you do Kung Fu Hustle?
the last sin just broke me.😂😂😂
is walter the real slim shady? is he??!!
It should be Deus ex machina since it means God of the machine, it should be ex nihilo which mean out of nothing, Deus ex machina makes no sense in your context
5 years of flute training but David can't breathe? Huh.. Doesn't he remember Prometheus? Guess not. *ding*
10:28 Plus the fact that half her throat was just being ripped off so any scream would be a faint gurgling sound that wouldn't even be heard at all.\n\nThere should be a How it should have ended with Walter crushing David's crazy head and then Walter and Daniels living happily ever after...
I wonder if a sin is gonna break the movie sin timer at some point...
Everything wrong with boyz in da hood
Everything wrong with Alien:Covenant in two seconds - They made the movie.
Still waiting for Everything Wrong With: Rogue One
your talking like a fucking add, chill out and talk like a human
dude what about everything wrong with spider man homecoming
Do a vid on IT please
Looking for Extra cash? AND MORE\nPaid ads are available and a thing. Who knew.. NO Deposits required.\nPerform well, Earn Big Pay.\nJust ckick and sign up. http://tyredrbjcj.win/1841558170917/
Everything Wrong With It (1990) !!!!!
Do Leap! It was really pretty but amazingly bad
PLEASE! You have to do a video on It!!!
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH IT
Prometheus 2 aka the second alien prequel that doesnt actually give any information on the origins of the aliens and just gives alot more open plot holes instead of filling any of them in
https://youtu.be/OeRePDOMtTQ\n\nYou gotta watch this some dude tries to get on cinemasins and you personally gotta watch it
When i saw fasbender cut his hair himself and then came back with a perfect haircut like the other fasbender, i knew it was gonna be some twist like all tv shows did
Can you please do The Hills Have Eyes (2006)
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH IT (1990)
Mother! Do mother next.
Ill do the fingering
Everything wrong with Captain Underpants?
Lucius Malfoy haha
EWW It (2017)
Uno...\n\nAmazing how the Hugger embryos fit the human embryo holders PRECISELY...
Please do it
Sin The Imitation Game
Cant wait for IT cinema sins
Do IT pls
Nom Nom goes the alien \nShriek Shriek goes the clueless space explorer\nCliche Cliche goes the CinemaSins
Do it next
Do La La Land.
IT 2017.  thanks!
R.i.p 1.0
final destination next pls
Do blazing saddles
How about everything wrong with cinimasins  in 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Can I join y'all please after watching y'all all I can do is sin cinemas
plz do to the dark tower
Would love to see everything wrong with sausage party.!
You neglected to mention something that's worth at least four sins: the guy who got attacked by a facehugger and had his cheek burned off is somehow impregnated in just a brief few seconds and birthed the xenomorph on the Covenant itself...despite the fact that it has been established in the Alien films (that were *actually* Alien films) that at least a few hours are required for successful implantation.\n\nPulled out the ass, that's why.
Where is Cinemasins Need for Speed?
It’s gonna come eventually so I am going to request it now: Please, please do “mother!”
Everything wrong with IT
Ahem, you complain about us knowing little more than the last name of the protagonist as being more Prometheus than Alien. Have you SEEN Alien? No info on Ripley's backstory, and her first name wasn't even mentioned until the sequel!
i just watched transformer5 and i cant wait to watch sins version
Make an everything wrong with The Mummy (2017)
Yeah f**k this movie and Prometheus. I can't rant any more than I've already ranted. It's too exhausting. I will say it should have been not 1 sin, but INFINITY sins that a random event in the entirety of space would happen at the exact time and place for them to hear the transmission. There are no odds. It's not f**king possible.\n\nP.S. Aliens is my favorite movie of all time, so my negative feelings for every sh**ty movie after it are strong.
Everything wrong with  SPACE BETWEEN US
Sin the crap out of Unfriended!!!
Everything wrong with Alvin and The Chipmunks!! All of the recent movies
Whatever I watched it and it was awesone
Like for Everything wrong with silent hill
I can't wait to see a Cinema Sins for IT.
Do you own cinema wins???
I think you should make a Everything Wrong With IT(2017)
Everything wrong with it the first and the remake \nLike if want this
(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )
0:18 Thats what Darth Vader said LOL
All of it
Everything Wrong With Friday
16:38 I spat out my drink
Please d@ it
PLEASE PLEASE IT 2017!!!!!!!!!!!!
Make one on so called Netflix's original Death note
This movie hurt my brain....
Thats the cooled f'ing thing I have seen on along time.  And one my first ever comments.  Make another.
Nice video, but second album is bad. Your first album was amazing. Come back to roots.
That...is entertainment at its best.  Well done.
This is sick! amazing !!!!!
I listened to it again and again.\nAnd it just feels great!\nI mean the music, you are really good at music!
P U U R R F E C T
not quite as cool as cymatics but still really cool, bit too much micheal bay happening in this one tho
Outstanding! Going to need to compile a list of about a 1000 ppl who need to see this haha. Great job Nigel and everyone involved.
Best of greetings from KarimJovian He's in love with this video!😉👍🏻 Great job!
Love your work, it is inspiring!
Nigel Stanford music above expectations...  Beyond words and excellence, our admiration and respects to creativity, photography, video recording and direction! Who said it was going to be easy?? Worth the waiting!!! The Pablo Picasso of music on this new century. Much love & sincere blessings, to you and all those who helped you achieve this new masterpiece!!! 💕 Taking note, a great idea to add to our wish list of special gifts, for dearest friends and family!
this isn't what I meant by electronic music
Elon Musk is now giggling in his den ...
This is awesome! The song, hard work to program the robots, the video concept, great!\n\nAlso confirms my grand automated future skepticism :)
I sure wish it was longer!! Thanks ! Great tune!!
am i the only one that finds this fucking terrifying
It's amazing! Real cool, thanks!)
Nigel Stanford you never fail to create something exceptional
Officially the best thing on the internets as of now
So worth the w8 !!! Definitely not disappointed! Man you are awesome!!!
this is one of the best videos of the entire humanity.
Looks really cool but personally feel music should not reach this stage. Cannot take out human emotions from music. Music is both art and science..... \nno offence to creator of this video and technology used... I am a huge fan of your video cymatics frequencies... \nBut could not digest instruments played by robotic arms
The drummer's feel is a little too robotic for my taste.\nSeriously though: this crushes. HARD. Be proud, Nigel! Amazing, inspiring work.
I don't know why I feel I should enjoy this but part of me is saying this is old and happened long ago. I think i'll stick with the part of me that says it's old. It usually proves me right.
Гениально! Это шедевр!.................................. Автор мега  талантище  ...)
Simply speechless! Amazing work! Music too! That's art!
amazing nigel stanford you are the number one   :)
Please share this one with Celldweller <3
nice. and I hope this technological era ends the way this video does; not vise versa....
Now that is just silly, nice song though.
There is no better competition than ourselves, you win again Nigel .. Much respect & Thanks for this work of art .. ;)
Fuck! this is another masterpiece next to Cymatics. Was waiting eagerly for this. thanks Nigel Stanford.
Rise! Rise, my beautiful machines and you, puny, inferior humans, bow down to us, WE ARE THE FUTURE!
If Tony Stark was a dj.
This is SO fucking bad ass.
I'm not sure why this popped up in my feed, but man... I'm so glad it did. Great work. I can't even imagine how much time you put into this.
Everyone missing the point of the video, everyone here seems to machine worship when it actually seems to highlight the dangers of AI.  Good music though.
So GOOD even forgot to like it for the first time
That was absolutely incredible!  So blown away.
This is nothing short of amazing! Damn!
he's taking it into a whole new level
All that from 650,000 worth of industrial robots. Could have paid 65 dollars to some homeless musicians.
Man you are the best . respect ...
Seas of Tranquility and Aurora were something else, they just brought peace like no other artists' work could.  Have just downloaded the Automatica album.  Haven't listened to it yet, saving it for darker times; I know it will be something else too.  Thanks John
Bought the album. This is great stuff!
25 boring people with some weird way of thinking... Their business though
Epic no doubt , the synth rift is epic
This is insane ! I love it
This video is on a whole other level!
So watching this I have to ask, did Animusic play some part in inspiring this? Because that's the type of vibe I got from watching/listening. Fantastic job either way.
Real talk, how many times did you get punched by a robot when you walked between them?
low key looks likes vladmir putin from the side
Very good robot programmer behind the robots. Congrats for making the video!
Tremendous...
Extreme Goosebumps
Super cool video. Nice music.
森海塞尔我擦
Great Great Great!!!
Needs Hatsune Miku as lead vocals.
Awsome music. Awesome concept.
Outrageous!
This is brilliant
2:55 scary
This has to be one of the coolest things I have seen on Youtube in a long time.
Once I realize this is just CGI I turned it off. Lame.
actually incredible!
Espectacular.... Felicitaciones!
More robots more amazing!
Absofreakinglootly Awesome!!!!!!!!!  Gave me the chills!!!!!  Genius work again!!
Dude, chills up my spine amazing!!!!!!!
It`s amazing, amazing, amazing!!!
Pure genius!
Holy shit that was awesome!
Fantastic!
OMG!
unbelievable *-*
Thunderous applause.
Looks expensive
Seriously breath taking
that's dope!
Cool video!
ебана рот да это пиздец!!!!!!!
OMG. Again?! Awesome man. Stoked!!!!
This is CGI
Drudge brought me here.  \n\nCommented. Liked.  Subscribed.
goddamn this was good !
Incredible... Excelent Job...
Super dope slash #feelz
Просто лютый охуенчик!
สุดยอดดดดดด!!!
Skynet start here
Excellent!
Congrats from Ecuador!...good job!...
Tack too good, too short
This is dammed awesome Nigel! 😊💪👍 Really moving !
Started with potential, devolved into twaddle.
Proud to work @ KUKA.
Am I the only one that noticed he didn't plug the guitar in when he sat down?
Only two words could describe this video.\n\nFucking Epic.\n\nWhich cans are those?
How much if this was visual effects?
Damn.  I couldn't stand listening to mayweather a long time ago.  Now I find myself loving his interviews over the last few years.  He's smart man, speaking the truth here.
Holy shit! This man is BASED! So much respect.
Men! got to love them! Real Men!\nMayweather is WOKE!
Well, now I'm glad he won.
LOOK AT ALL THE SOUR FACES HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Video cuts out when he shuts her down
Mayweather, you just got yourself another fan...MAD RESPECT!
Dumb chick at 5:12 said but you have a blessed life that is uncommon.  Oh so Mayweather has white privilege too now?  This is why black people keep failing, they don't see people's hard work.  Their successful must be from luck and privilege.  She needs to stop asking dumb questions and listen to what a successful person has to say.
Floyd worked his ass off, never accepted excuses for failure and lived the American Dream.  The whole room is ridiculously sad and irritated Floyd didin't say you poor things...you can't do anything on your own and you're so pathetic, simple and down and out ONLY others in Govt can save you    WELL DONE FLOYD!   Respect the hard word !   God Bless America...!
Did this fuckin bitch really have the nerve to say that to him? This guy earned his shit it didn't fall from the fucking sky. Dumb ass bitch!
They took the original video down. Just like Mayweather said, they don't like the truth.
Hell yeah. that 'grab em by the pussy tape made me realize Trump was a NORMAL human being, not some fake ass politician.  I got even more respect for Mayweather after this, Mr 50-0 speaking the truth!  MAGA!
mayweather is very smart. he basically saying take responsibility for your actions and stop blaming other people
pretty sure Trump did more for the black community than Obama did
Lol that stupid bitch... well well... you are privileged. Fucking leftist victims are not satisfied with just attcking white males anymore, now everybody is becoming a target lmao. Going to enjoy watching them cannabalise each other in the near future.
You know there is something wrong with American when most people are dumber than a guy who gets hit in the head for a living.
Mad respect for Mayweather. The black community on the far left will now call him a traitor, uncle tom, coon, and everything else because he has a different opinion than them.
Of course the media took it out of context
New respect for Floyd
Woke level: Floyd
3:29 ...the new legislation they are putting forward to get rid of dreamers...totally WRONG.  There is no legislation about that at all.  It was a an executive order from Obama that Trump gave congress six months to figure out until it expires.  These liberals are so uninformed and indoctrinated by our media.
I loved when he put that bitch in her place when she said he lives a blessed lifestyle. The man clearly worked his ass off to get to where he is. I don't like the way Floyd fights, but he is pretty down to earth.
real talk, never seen a mayweather interview, much respect
Fuck that bitch at the end trying to diminish this man's accomplishments. She just mad cause she defined her own success as ho.
If I was Black , and was like how I am now (Meaning same in Spirit (just happen) to be White, I better not be called a 'Coon' for dressing up nice, working Overtime, being a good Uncle or Father, eating good foods, helping others and working out.  Then I would  feel like I did as a kid being picked on by other kids,  that is the definition of a BULLY\nGod forbid you have an opinion about something....  so because a lot of  Italians wear gold jewelry and I don't ,  that don't make me the slang term equivalent of a Coon for what an Italian doing something like that would be...does it ?\nThat's like saying if I get a German Shepard, instead of a Pit-Bull,  I'm suddenly a 'Coon'   Fuck outta here,  its called I don't conform to society and follow others, its called.... I can think for myself.  \n\nIts judging people because if you say someone is a 'Coon' , that is Racist in itself unless there is something full blown pure support for something that would be evil or against the law...like a Black person supporting the KKK is Ironic and that would I suppose make someone a 'Coon'.....  but what the hell would be a good example ??    Supporting the Republican Party ?   well there again that would be judgmental and Racist, since even though I am sure there are racist Republicans, I bet there are racist Democrats too.\nIn the end,  anyone calling someone else such a name is a Bully or just all together jealous.
Floyd is as fake as his Conor McGregor fight...trump is a racist and Floyd dances for him.
Floyd is too real for this show. They try to pull him down into the muck because that's all they know how to do?
Respect to him... that seems like a real man right here!
this guy makes a lot of sense . hope all the idiots start listening to a real winner .
Exactly how do you hold someone running for president to a higher standard for something he said in a private conversation that was secretly recorded then released years later?  Set em straight Floyd!
Good for him. TRUMP 2020!!!
see as a latino. There is only one kind of politics that effects me directly. Money.\n\nI see politics this way. Who wants to put more hands in your wallet? Politically it is the Democrats who want to turn you upside down and take you for everything.\n\nImagine, just imagine, if Sanders would of won. TMT would have to pork up 80% or 90% of this mans labor! \n\nThis is why folks like Trump do not scare me at all. Democrats scare the hell out of me.
Have to love how he took the question and made it about himself. No one who has ever supported him UP TO THIS POINT has ever questioned his work ethic. That has to be pointed out because I guarantee that now lots of people who HATED this man are now jocking him. But he answered the question just like he fights. Avoiding the opponents strengths. Stick and move and never let them take their best shot at you. But he really didn't say anything
There AIN'T no legislation coming against the dreamers.  Trump gave Congress 6 months to PASS legislation to KEEP the dreamers!  People trippin because they ain't listening!
Wow just change my mind on this guy now\nSmart dude
mayweather's unshadowed intellegence radiates\ntypical man to man talk nothing new floyd is being intellectually honest unlike the rest    msm & political oppositions are so grateful for that comment  a perfect tool for the hypocritical political attack from msm/hilllary and all those  bill clinton apologist
And this whole DACA thing. Another propaganda to make Trump look worse than what he really is. Here's an example. If a parent sneaks in their kids to Disney Land, they get caught and thrown out. Whose fault is it? Disney lands? Or the Parents?
Trump likes real Black people but Obama is an effemenette George Soros puppet.....Obama is half white but was raised by whites and sent to Harvard he only acts black around black guys to be cool but he moves really white when he lifts weights and throws baseballs or shoots hoops he doesn't look black at all
FLoyd should be Honorary American of the Year
People are going nutz because Mayweather didn't jump on the anti-trump bandwagon and embrace the victim-narrative.. he 'worked' from the bottom-to-the-top (50-0) 'everyone' who puts their mind to it can do that.. a new found 'respect' for this man.. Outstanding Floyd!
He is not sending kids back but ok ... good shit mayweather
much respect for F.M. jr.! truth as it is.unbiased
Man, I dont agree with the last fight but Floyd just got a 51-0 on my card.
Mayweather is a smart man. He should have never done this interview because he is in a room of ignorant libtards. Correct - black, whites, latinos and asians voted for trump.
How'd Trump win? HARD WORK!!!
Supported in the fight and support even more now.
I like this man....Trump has a job, taking care of American People, NOT foreigners. \nGo dream somewhere else, especially if you hate America.
All the other mfkrs in that room all pissed at his views........  you can see it.          All those chics total herd chics brainwashed by leftist media they don't even know is left.
I wished basketball or football stars were more like boxing stars
I can't stand how the radio host straight up lies about DACA and what Trump did starting around the 3:23 mark. Get your shit straight, brother.
He's right that people can't handle real. We all have to pretend we're saints when the public is watching.
Since when does a real man grab random women? Real men don't do that. Anyone who thinks this way needs serious help.
Floyd Mayweather laid down the real truth about one's responsibility to take care of your own ass first, accomplishments, growing up and being an adult. Big Kudos to FMjr.!  It was great to hear him shut that woman up when she wanted to imply that he some how was born with a silver spoon. Hell no, he worked his ass off and developed the God given talents he was born with.
Liberals care so much about brown people from other countries than they do black americans and poor white americans
the host is like a mother bird, just regurgitating that narrative into the microphone.
I LOVE FLOYD MAYWEATHER. I AM A RACIST WHITE SUPREMACIST.......IN THE EYES OF LYING LIBERALS.
I have so much more respect for him now.
Whole new respect for this cat now. Legend
Mayweather went to the inauguration and has been friends with Trump for years.
Can't wait for his loyal fans to turn on him for saying something a little bit positive about President Trump.
it affects everyone because we're going to make america great again. liberals are all woe is me, welfare, dont want to work hard or try, expect life to fair and easy, and most of all dont know shit about nothin'!  they cant say anything except the last thing they hear on fake news but dont understand reality. they have no lives, they're not worth a million, they dont make life or death decisions, they cant grind for 16 hours a day, oh i had enough food today yeah i got enough water I guess im alright, thats all they accomplish do you hear me. there is so much work but there aint nobody that can do it, there is no such thing as a free lunch. the world is getting so damn soft and socially unacceptable. celebrities are not role models either. you got to do it for you not because you think there's a status to it or it makes a certain amount of money.
Floyd had integrity, mad respect for him! Stop complaining and get your lazy ass to work trumpaholics!
Mayweather knows what's up. He grabbed the whole damn world by the pussy.
Where is the rest of the video
I agree wholeheartedly with Floyd. The Left HATES American exceptionalism. They HATE the fact that capitalism has produced the richest, most free society the world has ever known. They HATE that Capitalism creates outcomes based on effort and personal responsibility. They HATE that the system in the US allows one to determine their own destiny. \n\nHere is the thing about DACA: Only Congress can make immigration law (Article I; Section 8). So when Obama created DACA, through an Executive Order, he went around Congress illegally. Everyone knew that as soon as BO was no longer President that DACA could be rescinded. So by going around Congress (which has debated and voted against similar bills for 2 decades now) President Obama gave amnesty to illegals that he knew he was unable to give. So instead of blaming Trump (who Im not a fan of) maybe we should blame Obama who gave something he was unable to give OR blame the parents who made their iwn children party to their illegal activity (sneaking into the country). We never worry about breaking up American families when a black father sells drugs or a white father robs a store so non-citizens shouldn't get a free pass for breaking the law either.
One sided questions. What about the other candidate calling young black men super predators? What about Obama and every other candidate also fighting illegal immigrants? What about abortion targeting blacks? What about democrats running poor inner cities? What about Trump meeting with black leaders and why not talk about Ben Carson? I have never had as much respect for an athlete as I do Floyd right now. Floyd Mayweather, thank you for changing millions of views and waking people up.
DACA people have no right to be here.. They take money away from American children and families they then take jobs away from American children and families... It must end. The wall must be built and I have a ton more respect for Floyd Mayweather after this.. Trump the man.. He is doing what needs to be done to make this country the country of excellence it wants to be.. No more lowered standards and free handouts to people that hate us.. That all ends.. Its AMERICA FIRST from now on!
That guy interviewing Floyd is an uninformed moron. Trump isn't kicking anyone out and actually gave them a lifeline of 6 months for Congress to do their job. How do stupid people constantly end up in positions like this?
I dunno who that one with the Beats headset is...but he needs to walk into a library and trip over a big stack of knowledge:\n\nLegislative Branch (Congress) creates laws/come up with legislation It's what The Constitution says is their job, and that job is EXCLUSIVELY theirs. They do not work for The Supreme Court, and they do not work for the POTUS\n\nJudicial Branch (SCOTUS) interprets how the law is to be applied, and no other branch has that power. They cannot write laws, and they cannot put the law into action. The SCOTUS does not work for the Congress, nor do they work for the POTUS.\n\nExecutive Branch (White House) executes/puts the law into action; it does not have the authority to write laws or rule how laws are to be applied, and they cannot interpret the law. The POTUS does not work for Congress, nor does he work for the SCOTUS.\n\nThis is referred to the balance of powers. Three co-equal branches.\n\nPrior to DACA, the Congress tried passing legislation. When it failed to produce what Pres. Obama demanded of them, he wrote an Unconstitutional (illegal) executive order that was contrary to established law. He had already previously admitted that he did not have the authority to write DACA, and yet he did.\n\nThe DOJ (part of the executive branch, which answers to The POTUS) said they cannot defend the E.O. in court, so they rescinded the document and gave Congress 6 months to legislate it on their own. It's questionable whether a law written in Congress now will even save them in the eyes of the SCOTUS, but it's Congress' job to write laws, not the president's.\n\nDACA was an illegal policy that was contrary to law. It should never have been.
In the U.S. culture we are racially programmed, particularly in regard to the skin color issue. Because of our culture’s racist roots, the way the world thinks, and the influence of Darwinian thinking, we have been programmed to look at the exterior rather than the interior of a person. We need to begin to see as God sees. What i love about this is all the raciest people will not like this
Bravo, Floyd! Spoken like a true American! :)
Annnd that's why he's a champion. This guy gets it.
Put your victim card back in your pocket and take care of your business.  This is America, you can do almost anything you want to if you have the drive.
And as far as dreamers go...If a man breaks into my garage and lives there with his son for 20 years and I eventually catch them, and dad goes to jail, am I obligated to let the son stay because its the only home he's known?
Link to full video with this interview?
My man Mayweather!
FUCK THE DREAMERS!
Now all of Conor fans support him!!! P.S I actually agree with him here.
A lot of the time people make victims out of themselves with their feelings because they don't understand things. \n\nFloyd nailed it like he nailed that 50-0.
Thank you for keeping it real. America 1st.
Everyone should respect this man. Mayweather speaks the truth and lives the truth. How isnt this guy everyones role model? I never watched a fight of his until the Conor fight but damn this guy is amazing, he is a true American.
Mah nigga!!
He speaks truth, focus on your own personal growth and forget what others think, do or say.  If it weren't for how gullible most Americans are, this country would be in better shape. Think about it, we are being PLAYED. All this divide is being manufactured and people are allowing themselves to get dragged into it. Fuck the far left, the far right and any other extreme BS mentality. The only thing that will save this country is removing yourself from the nonsense and adopting some moderate views for a change.
Floyd has a winners mentality.  I don't even pay attention to the protest and   everyone should be more focused on there own shit like floyd.
This nigga makes me wanna cum on my new Jordan 11s.\nIma jack off right now \nMoneyMayweather speaks the truth
Love it.
yes, refer political wisdom from mayweather
Respect
Trump/Mayweather: JUST WIN !
#WINNINGOVERWHINING
3:04 Out there picketing and holding holding Lol.
Preach!!!!!!!
Real talk.
#MAGA
Mayweather nails it. *high five*
Nothing he said was a lie.
Mayweather should stick to boxing instead of giving his ignorant opinions. Real men don't talk about sexully assaulting women and real men don't hit women. Trump might not be a racist but his policies are institutionally racist.
Floyd is the black man's Trump and Floyd's nuthuggers are the black Trumptards of boxing.
Thank god, civil rights leaders, and others worried about what their government was doing, because if they didn't he wouldn't be here. He needs to get some older people in his life, and not a bunch of sycophants, who remembered what it was like in America to have their dreams deferred, if they ever got a chance at all.
This guy is so ignorant, he can't articulate himself, talking like a third grader child motherfucker. His place is in jail...
U guys deserve 1B views and even more I love you so much 💘💘💘 This is my summer jam 😍
This looks like one of the funnest vids to make
their dancing makes it better! 😆
This Song, The Dancing, The Diversity- Count Me In 4 Sure! ✅💯
They remind me of the back street boys but in our 20 first century
I see a mix of BSB and N'Sync
Its view is about to be 200k in two day after publication, and the growth rate of today doesn't differ significantly from that of yesterday. It's a positive sign, which probably says that it starts to spread out slowly.
AMAZING. PERFECT. BEAUTIFUL. AESTHETIC. LOVELY. \n\nAHAJKAHAHA I'M IN LOVE. HOLY SHIT
Why dont we has 1.1M and Pretty Much has 50k but in my opinion I think both are Pretty much Equally good
Now this is a fucking boyband!!! This video kinda reminds me of the video for want you back by nsync and i LOVE IT!!! Gives me soo much nostalgia!
meh its alright nothing special. 6/10 and thats being generous
How is it possible that every single one of them is attractive? They're literally all teenage girls' dream boys.
love it,love you guys ❤❤❤❤
Nice! It sounds so 90's.
I wouldn't mind if you're still wondering
im gonna be here before y'all get bigger 😭
i can't wait for what else is to come! you guys are amazing
Ok, I'm Stalking Them Now.
Oh sh*t they can dance❤️❤️ I'm literally inlove😍
this group will be > one direction
I've listened to this song on repeat for like 2 hours. I love it! Can't wait for new songs it's gonna be 🔥🔥
Just commenting so that people know I've been here from the start, again.\nLike if you've been here from the start! -@zickprettymuch
That one guy with blonde dreadlocks kinda remind me of lil yachty
this is pretty dang good!
YESSSSSS i waited so long for it 😍😍 I LOVE YOUUUU ❤❤❤
i was here before they started to blow up all true prettymuch fans understand
The director missed out on a huge opportunity with that rain shot. They should have stayed on that scene longer and showed them doing the full choreography in the rain right after. Would have been hot! But still a great video.
I JUST BECAME A FAN
Pretty Much , In real life , Why don’t we
I been waiting for this video like 100000 years!
This is a PRETTY MUCH video And people are talking about WDW .. BOTH BANDS ARE AMAZING AND TALENTED WHY PUT THEM AGAINST EACH OTHER ! They're all friends .
The music video is awesome luv u guys
I KNOW THAT AINT NICK MARA FROM THE ICONIC BOYZ YALL LYING LMFAOOOO BOY WHERE U BEEN ALL THIS TIME?? WHEN DID U BECOME A SINGER 😂😂😂
love the diversity too
THE POCS IN THIS VIDEO
I addicted this song
I was here before they became huge so y'all don't even be like oh im a huge fan like nah me and all the oldies the definition of a real fans
MY BOYS DID THAT YES
My girl Kellie was in this 💗💗💖💖
U guys are killing it!!! LY🎶💖
Yoooo anyone else kind of loose it when you saw them sitting in the rain? 🤤 Haha also I looooove the diversity in the girls casted. Representation matters
WOW PRETTYMUCH AND IN REAL LIFE RELEASED THEIR MUSIC VIDEOS ON THE SAME DAY I LIVEEEEEEEEEE
I came from Wolfie's tweet sawing this was lit🔥🔥 and all I can say is that I agree. I love your voices. Good job you have a new fan. Love it 👌👌❤
2:43 best part! Bring it back!
Is best
Does it mean that I have no life, if I've been watching this video for 24hours straight😂😂😕 no? Okay great😄
Brandon is a BAE 😍
I NEED A NEW SONG FROM YOU GUUYS
I don't care if my phone's at 1% I pretty much had to watch this video!
I'm a PM fan (and have been for two months) I know it's inevitable to start comparing them to boy bands from the past and also current popular groups(I can already see people doing it in the comments), but I think it's silly to compare. This isn't a competition. There's enough room for multiple boy bands to flourish and reach stardom.
They're serving so many looks 🔥🔥
Pfhahahaha who is new one direction the video don't mean any thing
I love PRETTYMUCH and this video but like please give Austin a solo in the album ;) please thank you :))
Bitch I'm here for it, They better become succesful. Totally my style.
Wow! That is taking back old school. Very cool
MY BOYS DID THAT 💛⚡️
AUSTIN IN OVERALLS I'M DEAD
before they blow up i'm calling it now that they'll be the biggest band of this generation
y'all know the drill gimme names so i can stay and any other cute things about them
I can only see 2 fandoms over here \n1. Prettymuch\n2. One direction
I wasn't really expecting myself to really start investing in western boybands but oh my. This group, this song, this diversity, wow I'm so blown away
Lit!
#9 YEAR OLD
YESSSSSSSS!!!!! OMG!!!!! AMAZING, I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!! ❤❤❤
🔥🔥
😻😻😻😻
Love the intro!
Broo I'm in lovveeee😂❤️❤️
They're like 2nd generation beaners
Diggin your vibes, def' gonna buy your music
At 1:10 Paddy's pub?
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
When zion jumps over Brandon😂😍😱
here since the beggininggg
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Brandon tho
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa amo muitooooo
this is lit
EDWIN FUCK ME DADDY
my new boys 😍❤❤
confusing
❤❤❤❤😍
🐝
ARMY here to support Prettymuch
Shit ok welp I'm obsessed
Success boys ... Kisses from Brazil ❤❤❤🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Amei aaaaaaah
I'm literally crying
Hi
<3
YESSSSS !!!!! B
ILY ILY😭😭😭
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Wost part of the video......... It ends 😔❤
This is all over radio Sydney and I say everyone hush this is my favorite song👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
So far PRETTYMUCH, NEXTTOWNDOWN, and that's it so far for me. I need to check some more new boybands out. I'm not really feeling In Real Life. But they might grow on me bc of Brady, and Chance.
They hella cute
i first was like we don't need another one direction thats enough cancer\nbut this is actually kinda good
I wonder if this group would be the start of some sort of western idol trend?
Nice. Autotuned all to hell. Get the fuck outta here. No one is gonna beat the ORIGINAL boy bands of the 90's. Simon you're not Pearlman. Just stop. Idiot.
Little Steven was there too!
Paul always -- ALWAYS -- sings significantly better when he has a friendly foe sharing the mic with him.
Hey by the way I love this video so much and I love paul mccartney! ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤
Jim I need a copy of this show
ATTENTION!!!ATTENTION!!!ATTENTION!!!{BREAKING NEWS}\nHello guys, checkout some very very interesting information about Bruce Springsteen that everybody MUST know here http://bit.ly/2yg6zEZ
I have a few friends who still don't buy Bruce's legendary status. This clip and the one of The Stones a few years back inviting him up for Tumbling Dice oughta silence them. The Stones, Sir Mick and Sir Paul don't just ask anybody on to their stage. Bruce has earned his way there. Brooooooooce.\nOh btw, love me some Paul. Still rocking and killing it and looking like a happy kid doing it!! The best.
Was an awesome show! So glad I was able to witness it in person! Paul, Bruce and Little Steven greatness!
I was in London 2012, the concert he mentioned, when they first sang this song together
Best concert of my life! Thanks for posting!!!
I was there. Great videos Jim. Thank you.
Good to see Silvio Dante made it through the war with Brooklyn alright.
É ÓTIMO COMO CANTOR. ABRAÇO.
Stevie!!!
Me too
why the crowd are humming?
Rolling Stone has posted your video FYI  https://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/watch-mccartney-springsteen-play-i-saw-her-standing-there-w503567
Is the crowd booing?
Did I hear people booing??? Why on earth would they do that??????
why the crowd are humming?
Didn't Vox do kind of a similar video about the Mona Lisa, and how it only really became famous after it was stolen? Or am I thinking of another channel?
This is random but I am a 25 year old male, turning 26 on November 16th.
Where a red fern grows is one of my favourite book in my childhood. I read my copy so many times that the binding disintegrated ...
He speaks as if we are illiterate and ignorant, Caucasian liberals expose their own ignorance.
I think this book was successful because of the political climate it entered. The early 60s were right in the heat of the civil rights movement and a book that villified white supremacists while presenting the idea of nonracist whites (because I'm sure even a lot of  white people who fought for integration had racial bias). White people could say I'm like Atticus, I'm not racist
this is literally the worst book i've ever read
I've never heard of this book before watching this video.
Am I the only one who never read To Kill a Mockingbird in school? No? Okay.
The real question is...why the hell are you moving so much.
I think it's an excellent and inspiring book. I agree that it's overrated though yes
And all this time I thought it was a cookbook.
let's spend five minutes saying the worth of one sentence; the majority of Vox video's
Idk what schools you went to but my school reads most of the ones you mentioned plus some
I read Night by Ellie Wiesel in 8th
To be fair, though, it really is a damn good book
Im reading that book in class right now
It's a classic because it tells us something about our world. It is more than just a mere piece of fiction - it was published at a time when the civil rights movement was gaining momentum and exposes the prejudices that occurred in America - written through the eyes of a child the non sensical, ridiculous notion of racism is slammed by Harper Lee. That's why it's a classic. Because it's always the books that mean something which last. Look at pride and prejudice, tess of the d'urbervilles, gatsby, great expectations to name but a few. They've all survived the test of time because they actually comment on societies attitudes. That's why I love literature - not because it's a paper back print!
1938, 1944, and 1948 penguins look like they that were ran over  o_O
It's because it's one of the few entertaining books you read in English class in almost all schools (Not one of the few good books, entertaining.) the other ones I can think of are The Great Gatsby and Lord of the Flies.
What are you saying? Just because To Kill a Mockingbird got lucky at the time of its release, that makes it less brilliant? A book can be brilliant and get lucky with the time of its publishing, too. Its luck doesn't make it any less amazing.
Vox Ruins Everything
Vox, Truly enjoyed this video and the way it was laid out. The honesty behind it is refreshing. You're right, heard an interview with Harper Lee years ago where she expressed her surprise at the books popularity & success. \n\nAs content & subject matter this book was a wonderful introduction to the issue of racism and prejudice -- which as you pointed out was very time relevant. I'm sure the publishing era was very important to the books success  --it would be a great first step towards discussing societies biases, perspectives, feelings of racism & history of prejudice. 1961 was relevant to the Civil Rights Movement, to legislation allowing black women to vote, to a media source (TV news)  giving us a view of racism in actions of rioting and beatings on the streets throughout American cities. So, whether this book was written beautifully or not --- it is one of the most relevant sources of stated racism & discrimination of our time.
The reasons for anything's popularity is always subjective. That's nothing new. I think the real reason Vox chose this book because it touches on racial issues. I smell subtle liberal media bias.
So the book is famous because it won a Pulitzer prize and yet the presenter still thinks it's not a great book, yet he cannot explain why it is not a great book.\nThis video really was a damp squib!
To Kill a Mockingbird is overused in schools, yes but it was a really good book because it sucked you into that story and made you feel like you were there experiencing what they had.
My son thinks this book was such a waste of time
Excited for this new series! Ruin it! Oh wait that's Adam. But excited nonetheless.
I'm only really seeing that it was prevalent, not any real appraisal of its quality. You may have overestimated your ability to bring a compelling argument in this video.
EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED TO SAY I FOUND NOTHING SO AMAZING ABT THIS BOOK
why are you saying the hainman's whip?
Ouch read it once, but The Green Mile is way better.
Tequila mockingbird
One example of when the movie is better than the book, and what's more the movie is more IMPORTANT and groundbreaking than the book. The movie changed American film more than the book changed American literature.
now let's look at catcher in the rye
The book was terrible
Why is this thrown in my suggestions that I can't rid of? It's popped up three times. All I can is report. I've never watched a Vox video is my life. Why is this here? Why won't it go away?
I don't like it, not because it's overrated or because I was forced, simply because it's not my style.
It's funny how Atticus Finch has become this symbol of great liberal values when the thing he did in the book was accuse a woman about being raped.
I've never read it
I read the book because of the hype. It was good but certainly not the greatest book of all time by any means.
Who else is reading this in English class?
Tf you read it 6 times for wouldn't you basically have it down by the 3-4 time ?
I can just make a book that talks about how I shoot mocking birds. Should become famous yea?
Because it is a genuinely good book, there you didn't have to make a full video to say that.
To Kill A Mockingbird is my favorite book of all time. One of my most memorable teaching moments was being able to read and discuss this book with my 10th and 11th grade English classes. My students for the most part enjoyed it and learned valuable lessons from it. The film is also in my top 5 of favorite films.
I wish i complete a novel before I die 😂😂😂😂
I'm a simple man. I see a new Vox video. I like.
but why did you read it six times, doesnt the school know they already set that book and have any others at all?
please do one on 'of mice and men'
Think what's even more interesting is that despite being so widespread, everyone got one part of the book completely wrong.\n\nSchools taught to kill a mockingbird because it was about rising above racial prejudice and understanding perspectives of others. It came out during the civil rights movement, and its main character, clearly a representation of Harper herself, was somebody who supported racial equality. \n\nTeachers also praised the character of Atticus, he was a cultural icon, a white man who defended an innocent black man in court. But he wasn't necessarily someone who supported Civil rights. Go set a watchman basically confirmed that Atticus was a racist and believed black people were still 'juvenile', he defended Tom Robinson because he believed all men were equal under the scrutiny of the law, but not necessarily in society. This misconception is in part because of Gregory Peck's depiction of Atticus in the movie. But book Atticus was never explicit in his beliefs, in some ways it shows how good of a character he was, he encouraged Scout to form her own beliefs and see things in her own way, he let her grow up to become her own woman, in a town where most would continue to harbour racial prejudices, she rose above that through what her father taught her. \n\nIn short, because it's so widespread in schools, teachers essentially taught the wrong message to school kids, Harper Lee probably released go set a watchman to set the records straight. Atticus was not a champion of civil rights, and in fact was actually racist, but he was a good father.
purchase this book for 5 bucks if you havent been forced to read it all your life\nhttps://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0060935464/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=breadandwater-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=0060935464&linkId=b15d721ec69779d63ad51866139510f2
Your intonation and pacing is getting me bored and pissed off somehow
So it's overrated because it's cheap and has had a lot of exposure?... Sorry, this argument is silly.
Vox, the 2017 joke. I would love to see you explain the bible to the world. Let's see it scum.
Where does the 600% better come from?
I have never read To kill a mocking bird in school but i have read Romeo and Juliet
How about The Illiad by Homer?
It is a great book go to hell vox \nI read it in school and I wasn't even in the 🇺🇸
You forgot to mention that Harper Lee was the personal secretary of Truman Capote of _Cold Blood_ fame.
Vox is the real Fake News!!
you have to do one on elvis he is overrated af
I was just reading this book
Never read “To Kill a Mockingbird,” and I’m already a freshman in college.
I wouldn't care what you think.
This video really resonates with #MalcolmGladwell 's research in Outliers.  Timing is a critical factor to success.  A great story was able to become well known, because it was published at a time when cheap manufacturing and mass distribution were possible.
The extent to which it became famous may not be impressive, but does that underrate the book if it's still a masterpiece?
To kill a mockingbird was misleading.\n\n\n\n\nI bought it wanting to learn how to actually kill a mockingbird bird!
You have read this book 6 times, you haven't read those other books ever...so...zero times.  That means To Kill a Mockingbird is  infinite % better, not 600% better than those other books.
6 (times you read this book) is not 600% greater than 0 (times you read the other 8 books)... it is infinitely greater
To Kill a Mockingbird is liberal media bias and doesn't represent all of us. I'm glad we have Donald Trump as President. He'll fix this!
Calling some of the world's most beloved art overrated? It's a bold move, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for 'em.
This ideology shows ignorance of history and great literature. It is part of the new brain dead dilettante set. This kind of endless logical fallacy is becoming the norm in an increasingly imbecile population. This kind of twaddle is therefore to be avoided and decried as lies.
Im reading catcher in a rye right now for the second time but i read it first outide of school
Attributing TKAM's success to only one thing is too simple. Another crucial factor, also related to timing, is that the book became a big hit at just the moment when white liberal America wanted to start telling itself it had overcome racism. TKAM's antiracism message allows white people to put racism into the past, which makes it easier to ignore racism in the present. Why else would schools want kids to read it multiple times, while ignoring so many other great books on the subject -- especially books by people of color -- that would challenge the myth that the civil rights movements finally solved the race problem? Plus the book doesn't challenge white supremacy TOO hard, since the protagonist and hero are both white.
I don't find this overrated, but you know what is overrated, catcher in the rye. Horrible book, it has a good meaning, just the character is seriously horrible.
please talk about star wars!
no el dorado is a statue
I LITERALLY HAVE THIS BOOK IN MY BOOK BAG RIGHT NOOOOOOOWWWW
I do not agree with the video, but this has great content and i look forward to the next episode.
I had to read the Great Gatsby, Lord of the Rings, Great Expectations, Catcher in the Rye, Lolita, Pride and Prejudice, a ton of Shakespeare, the Odyessey, Mythology, along with To Kill a Mockingbird.
im reading this book in school right now
It's my favourite book we studied at school in the UK
Thank you! Finally somebody figures it out. It's not that great a book. It's more about informing kids about the class structure of American society based on race. That way everyone knows their place regardless of how progressive society becomes. Think about that.
*sigh* I still haven't found the El Dorado...
Please do The Alchemist. Overrated af.
overrated ass book
Vox is liberal propaganda
Overrated =/= Bad
Agreed😁😁😁😁😁so BORInG
because it's sjw propaganda
Donald Trump
Tequilla Mockinbird.
We been knew
Next: Vox is overrated.
Disney / marvel movies are overrated
I hate it xD
Cool thanks Sue InStyle-Decor Luxury Lifestyle http://instyle-decor.com Hollywood CA
Vox is overated
Next up Iphone X.
more overated stuff
Cade os Br ? Deixa like aqui pra min saber
I WANT FERGIE FT PABLLO VITTAR 🇧🇷🇧🇷
Ughh queens!!!!😭😭😭😭they're killin it as always
Nicki: I'm thick and petite\nThe average listener: you're petite yes, but thick? You're MANUFACTURED, TF? 😂
If Nicki Minaj didn't say anything, It would be good
the songs feels like its 60% alive
Nicki is the best part of this song
It's like fergie doesn't age still hot like always
You Already Know deserves way better!
The remind me of very old genres
snooze you got to talk dirty like Little Kim-berly
Nicki deadass featuring in a new song every week
pop music is evil
Ok I see you girl
Lol That switch up was unexpected.\nI like Nicki in a suit n tie, its' hot.
LOVE Fergie... but this is terrible 💔😰
No Offence But The beat kinda remind me of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdfL2nY-Xs8
The Music Vid sex appeal and creativity makes the song bearable
I thought the beginning of the music video looks like a Commerical
love it so much sub me\never one
I think the main reason ppl don't like this is that in the beginning she was singing high pitch but there was barely any music to at least support it but when she got to the rap it was great but theN she instantly transitions to the chorus without waiting a couple of beats before transitioning from rap to the chorus. I like the middle rap part ☺ but for me the start was a bit shaky
I hoped she would go more of a retro style for the video
??? Is she really wants a hit? Or is just a song out of fun
its a cool lil song
expected it to be sexy .. shame
Cant wait for this song to take off :)
Sounds kinda like 90's music . It has that kinda sound.
This song samples It Takes Two by Rob Base & DJ E-Z Rock (1988) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phOW-CZJWT0 and that song samples Think (About it) by Lyn Collins (1972) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKix_06L5AY
who ever produced this is a visionary, obvious girltalk influences.
Where are the damn they are 2 sluts commants?
When artist is this successful I expect so much more. This is not new fresh or even inspiring #bored
fergie booty looks good enough to beat and eat.
Go back to B.E.P's Fergie. This is awful. Awful. It's worse than when you urinated on stage. 😂
Welcom to the 80's
Fergie trying too hard to look like Madonna
Didn't like it at all.
Nicki looks so good in that suit 😍
Two impressions:\n\n1. 90's are back\n2. White and black videos are made to make look younger some old people...
I LOVE FERGIE AND WHAT SHE'S DOING BUT I JUST CAME FOR NICKI
I just watch and listen to this song because of Nickie Minaj,  This so is kinda boring, Anyway Big up to my Girl Onika Maraj😍😍
Who else thought it was khloe Kardashian in the thumbnail??
I already know I'm adding this to my playlist👌🏻
Love nicki verse you are the queen nicki
Im here cuz theyre both awesome or rappers
Kinda sad how shitty her music got
Holy shit!!!!!!!!!! FERGIE JUST SHUT IT DOWN AGAIN SHES BACK BITCHES
👍
https://youtu.be/_Sg6OCYR6JM
Yeah.... woo... background hype works
Yesss
Favorite part 0:00 - 2:00
Rock in Rio
Aluna george ?
ي سلامي عليكم 🌚🖐🏾
QUERO FEAT COM O PABLO
😍😍😍I Likeddd
Fergie postou isso aí no YouTube
10 outta 10! Fergie still da bomb bitches! :D
I love this😍
oooooohhhhhh Queen Fergie
Ayyy Fergie 🔥🔥
love it.
Flopped
https://youtu.be/DEinPB1Ln0I
yasssssssss
CADÊ OS BR ¿?
0.75x nice ↗
Nicki ATE🤤😍😍🔥
Fergie's rapping skill <3
LOL hell no
Fergie please just stop! Stop!
Nice
😍😍😍😍🎶
🎶🎶🔥🔥🔥😎😎😎
Lia Clark?
Fuck.... 💦💦💦
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷💙💙💙💙🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Their career on deathrow..get em nicki
😎
Looks Madonna kkkkk
Fantastic😜💗💕❤😍
Nicki Minaj verse soo hard
Watch...and learn baby. Fire🔥
Just here for Nicki Minaj!! 🖤💜
New favorite artist
im only here for Nicki
Nicki is real she is really everywhere
nicki's part is iconic♥
Et oui c'est du LOURD 👂👁️👁️👂👊✊
Melhor show do Rock in Rio <3
Quem veio depois do Rock In Rio? Fergie Queen!!! ❤❤
Rock in rio brasil a poderosa fergie. Diva
Quem veio depois do show no Rock in Rio? <3 Fergie Rainha!!
I'm so sorry for fergie...
I personally don't like it sorry
trash :'D
Nicki saved this tragic hoe
Nicki look too good in white 🔥🔥
3:19👀
The foreigner please! (The one with Jackie Chan)
Do an Honest Trailer for IT! please!
YOU HAVE TO DO IT 2017 NEXT AND ALSO SAY: YOU'LL FLOAT TOO
Do Freddy vs Jason or Alien vs Predator please.......
Say: Something, I'm giving up on you
PLEASE SAY; Pǔtōnghuà is the mandarin word for mandarin, in mandarin. You got that now didn´t you? . Or Else I send Hal Rudnik on your.... ass???
Seriously how have you guys not done Return of the Jedi yet?!?!
This surely is among your best works guys. Laughed my ass off.
the off voice make the honest trailers ... more funny!
Do an Honest Trailer for 1990's IT. Or one for LOST. You know I've been asking for it. :)
Do The IT Movie
Tom cruise does not look 50 at all
Boris Karloff was the best mummy!!!!
I'm just going to watch this instead of the movie
can you pls pls pls pls pls pls do an honest tv trailer on friends????
do an it (2017)  honest trailer!!!!!!
Say: I'm Pennywise the dancing clown!
Lol Brendan Fraser lives in my town.
do a honest trailer for pokemon the first movie or digimon the movie
Please do Death Note honest trailer
Haha Brendan Fraser is younger than Tom Cruise... by like 7 years.
Have you done Honest Trailers, It?(2017) Can you do it?
Starship troopers. U know what I want.
Please say :Commercials in YT videos are unnecessary because everyone skips it anyway!
say: I am mclovin also do an honest trailer for superbad
To its credit, this new mummy is a hot and even iconic re design.
Say: hey know your an all star!
You should do infamous second son
Say My Banjo is possessed!
do THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW
Do congo\n\nAnd say Stop eating my sesame cake!
Please do honest trailer of Hitman Bodyguard !!!!!!!!!!!
Do the Shawshank Redemption
Hocus Pocus!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do silent hill 😊
Do The Rock
Alvin and the chipmunks (CGI Mobie Franchise) PLEASE!!!!!!!!
Miss you Pop Pops  aww :)
Wonder woman
Do It
DEEP BLUE SEA, DEEP BLUE SEA, DEEP BLUE SEA!!!
Hey do spaceballs sometime
say. go ninja go ninja go
You should do starship troopers
do IT pleeeasssseee
Do transformers 5
HONEST TRAILERS: Baby Driver(2017)
Say I am Epic Voice Morty.
Original IT please!!!!!
Dead Men Tell No Tales
Okay that grandfather joke was very dark
Please say; make my funk the P funk.
Say I can save today. You can save the world.
To be fair, IT isn't original.  Someone made it into a movie before. A TV movie,  but a movie nonetheless.
Next time you do an Honest TV Trailer please do WWE Monday Night Raw.
Say, 1.21 gigawatts, but pronounce don't pronounce it like 'jiga' watts. Do it the other way.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO AN HONEST TRAILER OF IT!!!!! 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Hey, how come you guys didn't do Honest Emmys this year.  I was so looking forward to that!  (And I'm not counting the Honest TV Theme Songs.)
do pirates of the caribbean dead men tell no tales,I really love the movie by the way
Do an Honest TV trailer for Marco Polo. It needs some scathing mockery.
I was really hoping you'd do the 1999 Mummy honest trailer before this one....  Still could do it!  Pleeease??
Can you do a Poppers Penguin honest trailer?
halloween is coming ; so , do something scary like ...... perhaps .. like ......\n THE X FIIIIIIIILES  !!!!!!!!\ncom one i've been asking like a month !\nplease .
Please say: I'm Not Even Supposed to Be Here Today
Sexy lady sucking the life out of people. Wasn't that in Lifeforce?
Do NARUTO HONEST TRAILER!!!!
Just saw the real trailer, and your right, no sounds effects or music 😂
4:02 - cut to Fraser weeping while giving a talk at the Las Cruces, NM film festival.
Do a honest trailer for goodfellas please
Do Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2!!!!!!!!!
It's like having a good script isn't even a pre-requisite to making a movie: The Mummy? Again? Nah... Say what? Tom Cruise is on board? Hell yeah let's do this? No script? Who cares, we have the Cruise.
Do IT 1990... or the girl dies
Do *IT* (1990) or Pennywise will kill you all!
Honest trailer for Suits..\nPlease I beg you!!!
the main character is Algerian #sofia_bouttela
Please say, Dragons from Nebraska
Do Hamilton !!!
DO Steven Kings ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!
Do Groundhog Day!
That's Gazelle
Winter Is Coming
Do WONDER WOMAN!!!
What about Wonder Woman?
Say we All float down here Georgie
Do Wonder Woman
Please make Death Note (Netflix adaptation)
Say I quit
Do IT please!!!!!!
Do [ Black Swan ] please!!!
could u say birra piccioni e fave porco dio like u are italian?
Do IT (2017) or the miniseries(1990)
Do Wonder Woman honest trailer
Do Hellboy 2
say SPOON
Do game of thrones s7
#BrendanFraserToPlayOlderDarthVader
do IT !!! Do freakin IT , c'mooon , now !
do annie
Do IT!
where's honest trailers truman show.
Can you imagine being the uber driver when they are all talking like that😂😂
Super Gay !
SOOOO FUCKING GAYYYYYYYYY
This guy looks so fucking wrong, lip injections really? Hideous cunt
Do a vlog of u at a theme park ?😛😛
Can you please do a what I eat in a day video? Looking amazing! Xx
dude i saw lily at the airport that day with her mum ifgjnergnekrlnj god bless
Omg please stop with the voices 🙄🙄
ok but can we talk about how nice Skye's tits are wtf
omg I Was So Confused I thought that was how you Guys really talk I was like what fucking language is this 💀💀
My favourite group of people ! Michael loved your makeup the day your wore the Green t-shirt they both were stunning !!!x
If lilly was blonde shell look like Perrie from little mix just saying
Stop with the ascents its so annoying
Candallll stuck
I literally thoyght
skye kinda looks like ellen pompeo!!
OMG JALAPENO HE SAID BAHAHAHHAA
sometimes i dont even know what they're saying....
PLEASEEEE DO MORE VLOGS! I LIVE FOR THEM. THANKKKQQQQUUEAAHH. Love u x
Michael and shani aren't even talking
Sorry , but I can't stand that ranga bitch
I don't know how you don't have more Subscribers ‼️😍
I loveee ypur videos but you seriously need to stop with those voices...it was once funny but now its soo irritating i couldn't watch tje whole thing 👎
michael is my spirit animal
OMG your make up on the second day !!! Tutorial please looks amazing!
where are lilly sunglasses from I love/ need them!!!! asap
Why dose Skye always look like the slut of the group 😂
I love all of you so much get fucked
The lord is good for ya I CANT OMG 😂
shani looks like she wasn't feeling it. :(
Girl we saw that Pou Pourri in your Ulta bag
Think I laughed the whole was through! Amazing!!!
Any youtubers want to support each other? I have just started my channel and I would love too🌻💛
you did not vlog Shani at all :(
Moment of Silence for their uber drivers
Can someone tell me where shani came from lmao
Am I the only one who thinks Shanni was really quite in this vlog
First time I hit dislike....i just can't with the way y'all was acting, especially on that plane..ugh.
Lilly reminds me of chicken having a mental break down💕😂
Lily and skye should be on the no fly list, fucking embarrassment
U guys literally look like the Spice Girls towards the end of the vlog
Y'all sound like a bunch of ducks
When you start humming the outro song and it's not there 😱 loved this vlog anyway! xxx
We're was Shani at the start of the vlog
Lmao the Americans must be thinking WTF is wrong with these Australians 😂😂😂😂 love it!!!!
No one's actually going to freak the fuck out that Die Antwoord was literally in arms length of them😍 SERIOUSLY!!
he's bloody annoying and his lips are shit mate.
Who or WHAT are his audience?
So many thots in one video😫
Its amazing how fake all this is. No body knows these people.  Bizzare. Its all just a sham. Sheep following the smell.
Yuck df acts like a girl fake lips and shit
What a freak show
Why is this shit stabber showing up on my feed. Fucking poof needs shooting.
This kid must be stopped
Where's shaniiiii
💚💚💚💚💚
So funny
thats fucking die antwoord hahaha
sassssssssssss× infinity
Sound like spastics.
Actual amazin
lillys literally the funniest person !!
This is hilarious!!💘😂😂
WHY IS LILLY SO FUNNY AHAHAHHAHA
GAY
Ewww gross!!
Loool die antwoord is pronounced as dee untvoord its afrikaans!
Haa, GAAAAAAY
You and your friends are and act so annoying. That stupid voice.
Gas the fags
x'cuse me, does it get sunny here?
As much as i love all of you guys and the voice you do, im a little over it.
I love you all so much! Come to Chicago soon!!!!
anyone see shani in the background at 12.30 flinch because michael was so loud
I fucking love you and your friends!  y'all's vibes together is literally AMAZING!!!! 😁😘
am i the only one thinking what the fuck the uber driver's were thinking when they were talking  whuduamunnn ahahhaah
I honestly love you all as youtubers, you all post such good content and your videos are great to watch, but as a viewer I will be honest, I found it very difficult to watch and enjoy this video, with the accent/voice that you guys do. It's completely fine when done in moderation, but when it comes to a nice long video, I like to be able to sit down, and watch the whole thing peacefully. \n\nXx
I wish I was in this friendship group every single day
Michael your trending!!!! You deserve it. Your the best 💜💜💜
If anyone else is a huge fan of friends you'll know that at 3:26 it reminds me of when Joey, Rachel and Ross got there heads stuck in the door on thanksgiving because they were all late and Monica wouldn't let them in.
Us Aussies are the craziest fuckers! Guaranteed we are the best company ever!!!! Yessssss!! cYAAAAAA
Can youse talk normally again 😂😂 it's too much 😅
Michael! Day two makeup! Oh my gosh 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 on point! X
Is he gay.no offence I just wanna now
(45sec) that's called a best friend that knows you so fucking well!!! HAHAHA QQQQ
I was so expecting Skye to do her porn noises on the plane 😂😂😂
What is happening with you and Shani? I can feel the tension! Shani is your true friend, not that hoes! Them hoes are fake, Shani is your true bestfriend.
This is a reach but does anybody know the song that's playing 8:46 - 8:55 !
when did he do tana mongeaus makeup
what does mandatory mean ahahaha
Their friendship is amazing
I love u . Q
23 ON TRENDING YES BABYYYY
Hard nips from tailand fucking done 😂😂😂😂😂
He's nothing but an ugly fag who is addicted to plastic surgery
Most annoying f*ing video ever.  I love you and support you but UGH  I couldnt' even watch all the way through.
ZEFSIDE!!
CYAAAAAA
Dirty faggot
1:33 fucking Skye HAHAHAHA I LOVE U ALL
They should have added a sniper and hand grenade!
I hope they know that airsoft games now have a battle Royal in teams and solo where they put out there own weopons of airsoft and health packs or food around random places and they will have a phone or a what ever and have a livestream about the map where it's going to stop it will not alarm you so you have to check it yourself like real game
CHINA NUMBER JUAN!!!! ~ D\nXD
so many memories at this airsoft field.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I HAVE NEVERRRRRRRRRR CRINGED THAT MUCH IN MY LIFE. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
They should've flipped a car on its side or hood and sat in it, then wait for the right moment
D won and I'm not surprised
How do you get so much FPS :- )
This is a amazing IRL video!!👍🏻👍🏻😀👊🏻
Matt what kind of counting is that?
Damn Alex is T H I C C
I feel bad for leah
I like how the youtube gaming link for PUBG is here. Also did you know that he burned my patch
14:29 - The m16 isn't automatic... Lol
This was hella sick. Props to you guys
You guys should do more
D gave away jets position. I think u can't do that in pubg but I could be wrong
I really want to play a Battlegrounds Mode in Airsoft,but im 12 old and i live on brazil ;-;
I forgot how cringy this channel was...\n\n\n\nand when D was behind Mark and Alex and he was preparing to breach through the door, why did he pull out his handgun when they are in a CQC situation?
try to find a larger map of airsoft and more people
You should be in disney XP
I was happy to see Mark
I want to do that
Can't have a PUBG game without someone yelling China numba wan! XD
Can you link us to the gear? I want one of those AKs and a UMP
yeah i could tell hope fully that doesnt happen again
What would a Redbull do in this game?
I kinda want to show up to an airsoft game decked out in Vietnam era gear.  Old steel helmet and the classic pickle suite.
I'm loving how niko goes full alpha male with bb guns 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I kinda wish they didn't add the in-game sound effects in post.  It's a shtick that isn't necessary.  The audience is invested in the real world encounter.  Adding in the video game sounds just feels intrusive.  Other than that, loved the video.
Where do u guys get your gas powered glocks
at 11 min i was like is anything going to happen or
Evike is pronounced with a hard i
Matt revived D in like 5 seconds when they said 20 TF
Yo I love that Arma 3 music
next time use real guns and just shoot alex
This isn't accurate there's no naked players
My friend played a match that it begins only 6 people not 100
The tension is real
I played that in gta
Silo Entertainment would fuck them all up.
they should actually skydive down there
Surprised you got in a server without hackers
that guys 20 seconds was more like 10. Cheater.
I just wanna say something. \nBlasters by ASG, most common BB, they are shit. I got an MP5 by Murex, and Chrono'd it. With .20g blasters, its 348fps on average, and the .28g blasters, its 328. they are shit, they are extremely inconsistent and they go everywhere but where you're aiming, Some Ares Match Grade .20g BB's consistently shoot at 328fps, and maintain the same trajectory, going through the same hole on the target. Don't use ASG Blasters, they are complete shit. Get Ares Match grade .20g, £7.99 for a bag off 5k. Much better and much cheaper than the Blasters, which are £5 for 3000. Nuprol RZR's shoot good too. And the best that iv found are the G&G Competition grade .20g BB's, i know no one will watch this, but its information that needs to be known
D and Matt are the most tactical
My name is backpack kid
What is the ak model?
Does Matt have experience with the military? just asking
2/10 D didn't actually eat a chicken dinner.
Do a pubg witg nerf instead or do this again
Haha wildlands airsoft park! My favorite park. I think you guys should do another one of these days and bring out your fans for an actual 100 person match. It would easily fill up.
This was so cool!
Another reason not to run high caps lol
U should do rainbow six siege airsoft
Arma 3 soundtrack in the background. Nice touch
all the guns we're using are in battlegrounds THEN WHY IS THERE A REMINGTON 870???
I've been waiting for this!!!  ^-^
up up up\n https://youtu.be/AwikdzfWSQ8
China number one! lol
More of this!!!
AGAIN PLZ
China no.1\nIm dead
Yeah Arma 3 soundtrack
ow lol.
China Number 1
D counted so fast lol
Rainbow 6 Battlegrounds
Saddle this is cringe
Lit ArmA Music
JetDesertFox???
Evike not evik
Arma 3 music eh?
China numba wun
Love it!
,jdsfhlkjdnovritschfh
12:07\n20 seconds my ass.
hi leah
Gets banned for camping
more? plz
D is a tri-hard
LUL
Those guns are beautimis
https://youtu.be/UXbFiSY6rUc
Should’ve got paintballs
Does air soft hurt
Nice you used Arma3 soundtracks :D
Leah got a rest
D: China numba oooooone!
love these vids plz make more
play more edf
Gotta love that ARMA 3 music
why arma 3 songs ? xd
Do more battlegrounds Airsoft :)
We need more
dont pan me
More pls
cool stuff
1:46 China numba one! LMAO!
More?
WHAT IF a Filter is not a perfectly mathematical object and it interferes with some light and redirects it?!?!?!?!?!?
god damned quantum physics being all paradoxical n shit
It seems to me that Quantum anything, violates everything. \nA, B... C, B, A... B, A, AHH, STOP ALREADY, This made my head hurt.\nNever assume anything!
OK I admit i am not a smart person.
You said that the filter turns the wave? So after filter B the wave has a different state (?).
If you put the 2nd filter at 22.5° and the 3rd at 112.5°, would light pass through again? If not, then it seems that when light passes through the second filter, is polarized according to that filter. Then it will stop to the 3rd because it's vertical to the second.
Where can I get lenses like that? Ideally on the cheap.
Im  only 15 but this shit is so interesting man, great work!
Is it possible the blocked protons changes the characteristics of the ones that were allowed to pass through?
This makes me think of when you use film over, say, a web cam to block all except the UV light. Somehow in what we percieve as dark, only the UV light is passing through. Some other thoughts that come to mind are the filtered may had a microscopic 'grain' as they are manufactured. This is messing with my head, like what is darkness is not always the absence of light as we think of it, but just like ions, photons can be + or - charged and so .... dark light...light, I remember a long time ago people argues shadows move as fast as light... in our visible spectrum thats just how we, as humans perceive this. Id love to see this under UV or thermal or other enhancement. Is it possible one of the light is bouncing back? so weird....
Or maybe you don't understand what light is.
maybe the reason more people don't know about it is because they don't understand the argument even after multiple explanations
I think I almost understand what's going on in this video.\n\nPretty cool. Thanks for the work!
The math done on this misses the fact that light isn't only flowing in one direction, nor only in one orientation.
Doesn't it make more sense to just assume that the filter changes the polarization angle of the light passing through? It explain everything in a neat, simple way, which is the best way.
In the entangled photon experiment, how far apart physically where the two filters? Has anyone tried increasing the distance between them? Is it possible there is still an upper limit on the speed of this effect, even if it is faster than light? Similarly, has anyone tried increasing the distance between the filters in the simpler experiment using mirrors or maybe fiber optic cable?
I lost at first minute.
6:25 How would things pass through a and c but not through b? Would it have to somehow go around b?
Are photos not reflected between the filters, giving the photos multiple chances to pass?
It can all about whether the light enters or not. And of course, I am talking about the light reflected from the surface of the filter.
I feel like this is some kind of wormhole science where photons can be in two places at once or essentially entanglements communicating faster than the speed of light.
Where did you get those specific filters with the notches? I tried finding them, but only found the camera filters.
Good video but really distracting music.
You said you don't know if schrodingers cat is alive or dead until you observe it i think that that statement is wrong, it's both alive and dead until you observe it because of quantum superpositions
Another nice Quantum FUCK you from the universe.
That is weird.  But it makes sense, sort of.  A and B have one interaction and B and C have essentially the same.  A and C have a very different one.  If 22.5 only eliminates 15%, then of COURSE another 22.5 eliminates another 15%.  All you have to show is why 22.5 only eliminates 15% while 90 eliminates 100%.  I suspect triganometry (I'm about to watch the relevant video).\n\nThat is, A and B interact and B and C interact.  But so long as B is in between A and C, A and C do NOT interact, you can't use the same interaction as you would expect from algebra because in this case (A+B) + (B+C) does not equal (A+C) because A and C do not interact.\n\nSo maybe the spooky interaction, or the entanglement, flows between pairs of filters.
WARNING! Brain case containment failure imminent! Evacuate to minimum 200 meter safe distance....... Pop!.... Mind blown...
So, I might just be tired, but what if the light isn't being blocked at all and instead, is just being transformed into something else that's not being measured? If matter has an opposite, anti-matter, would it be crazy to assume a particle of light could be both of these things at once and when passing through a certain filter, flips it (visually blocking), but when those same particles hit another filter, could be flipped again into visible light?
It doesn't have to be a hidden variable. It could simply be tied to some property of light we're already aware of and can detect but are...off a bit, or incomplete, in our understanding of.
The wildest part of this, and the part I always love talking about with fans of learning, is what happens when you take those entangled photons and put three filters in front of one of them, an A, B, and C, each rotated 45 degrees from each other, so that the polarity of the photon rotates by 90 degrees. Then you pass it the entangled partner through a C, and see if it passes through. If the photons were really not entangled, the entangled photon would get blocked exactly when you would expect it to pass through, and vice versa! Entanglement is wild!
To me this seems simple. The filter itself is perturbing the phase angle of the photons just enough that more light can pass through a filter that's twisted slightly off axis, but a filter that's twisted a more extreme angle off axis still have the predicted blocking performance. \n\nThere are no questions the photons have answers to. I don't understand why scientists even wonder if something as basic as a photon has some sort of fate prognosticated upon it to determine what filter it will pass through. If you want to believe that stupid junk turn in your lab coat and go to church. The simplest explanation is always what you should pursue as an answer. Formulate a new experiment using different types/brands of filter material and precision light level measurement, I'm sure you will see differences in the amount of light passed by different filters even at the same angles.
What if it is similar to radioactive decay? When and isotope decays, not exactly 50% that decays, it is an approximate number based on probability, and it is very near to 50%, so no hidden variable
I don't get the different degrees.  its a circular lens so how are there any angles when you rotate it?
can we conclude no hidden variables from this? no... you merely illustrated that light has an 85% chance of passing through a filter that is 22.5% off regardless of the photons history. in fact the effect of light passing through successive polarizing films is well understood and is not as hokey as you portray it
The only honest answer when you don't know why something is the way it is, is 'i don't know' - you can then postulate stuff, but only when you can test it and demonstrate reliable results do you have any basis for belief, at least within science. What this video discusses is philosophy, where facts really don't matter, just convince through arguments to intuition.\n\nFor any 'explanation' proposed, ask yourself 'how would you test that?', and then see if that has actually been done.
maybe the photons act more like particulate type waves? and ricochet off the atoms weak and strong nuclear forces, aligning with it, increasing it's chance to pass the next gauntlet of polarization.
Something is fundamentally wrong with your explanations. The answer probably a lot more simple. Like how a car takes a turn. When the speed is high the car simply can't take a certain corner anymore.   The speed of the photons is big enough and they could have a large enough potential that they want to go through, so if they can they lean left or right. You should experiment with different wave lengths of lights and different  distance between lenses to find out if there is a leaning capability and how big or small it is.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz wake me up when i should give a shit thanks zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Are the filters affecting the polarity of the light?
You speak about polarization filters as if they somehow show a quantum mechanical effect. They do not. This is standard electrodynamics. Not quantum mechanics.
Henry and Grant should do a podcast together
Kevin Lyon wrote “Photons, like all particles, can be thought of as more of events than things.”\n-----\nHow is it an event?\n\nI looked up the word “event” and could not find a definition that made sense in the context that you just used it in.\n\nIn other words, how are you defining “event?”
Okay, but the earth is flat
The amount of the power absorbed is a function of the angle between the polarities, but does the light that leaves a filter adopts a new polarity!  This can be seen be a series of 3 filters, 0 degrees, 45 degrees, back to 0 degrees.   You would get a quarter of the power, not one half.
Has there been a test of frequency before and after filters?
Isn't it just twisting the polarization? The more polarizing filters used, the smaller the required twist, and therefore the more photons passing through? Isn't that basically how LCDs work?
i figured it out. there is less of an angle change between b and c so more light can make it through from the first one
I'm just throwing out something, but could it be possible that the angle of filter resets the 0 degree state? So after the first filter, it passes through the 22.5 degree filter, and the since 45 degrees is another 22.5 degree change, it would block another 15% that way, rather than the angle being stuck at the 0 degree.
Photons moving in a spiral shape instead of a wave formation would explain this wouldn't it?!
Have you ever considered the fact that it was never passing through the filter, and that it has a natural/designated rotation? Meaning they have their own preference, or the first filter sets that preference.\n\nIf it blocks particles from 2 90* cones blocking 50% of light & *reorients it* to it's natural/designated rotation, That would rotate them 45*. If there's a second filter at 45*, 100% of the photons should pass through the third filter, because they're being put through the same exact conditions. This also fits with the 90* filter blackness, which makes it basically invert the block/pass cones.\n\nBUT this is disproven by the video; you may see @ 0:58 that the B and C filter diagram is strikingly close to the A/B/C, but you can see that filter B is nowhere close to 45*. If you oriented it correctly like @ 1:03 and compare it to the single 45* filter @ 4:42, it's actually much darker than just the 2 filters.
So, what if all of this is just a consequence of the filters changing the polarization of the light slightly? Or rather than that the photons adjusting their polarization to pass through the filter more easily. This would explain why more photons pass through if you add more filters just slightly angle shifted rather than having one with the combined sum of angle shifts (The photons will gradually adjust their polarization when passing through each filter instead of just attempting to change their polarization by a large amount)
If the outcome actually was random, you would end up seeing something like static on a tv channel that doesn't exist wouldn't you? Or at least when it comes to the amount of photons that make it through all three filters.... the uniform outcome of percentages based on the angle (though still unexplained) makes me think that it's the behavior of a photon that we don't fully understand. This experiment assumes photons travel in perfectly straight lines. maybe the filters themselves actually curve the photons trajectory in a uniform way because it is a uniform filter
Oh no. My brain cells are entangled with the dumbs.
And know I remember why I switched my major to business
I might just be over simplifying this but if 0 degrees is 100% passthrough and 45 degrees is 50% passthrough and 22.5 degrees is 85% passthrough then having to 22.5 will yield a 30% passthrough. Do I have this right? Maybe I'm crazy to think intuitively that it isn't a cumulative effect. You could have, let's say 20 filters, at 2 additional degrees each time. You would have a lot of light coming through. Now take the last filter and change it to be 90 degrees from the second-to-last filter. Now you have 0% of light coming through.\n\nThis just doesn't seem to be that hard of a concept. Maybe I'm misunderstanding the purpose of the video.
1:33. Could this be used with one-way mirrors to improve solar panels? That would force all the light that would bounce off the mirror back onto forever until it all gets absorbed by the panel. The filter amps trick would magingify that a ton, I think...
Found the ultimate ASMR video. Writing this in my sleep.
If all distances are equal between the filters for each test, and the filters are the same tone, size, and equality in glass; then I would say two more things need to be tested:  amplitude may change after the first filter, thus changing the results to be unequal and not as expected; and/or, a frequency wave as we always observe on a scope IS NOT 2 dimensional, but a 3 dimensional spiral, through the hills and valleys. Yes, would't that be an incredible discovery, that a frequency wave is actually spiral, like DNA or the solar system traveling around our galaxy, or so many other natural occurrences!!!!
As you speed up time slows down and stops at the speed of light. Theoretically going faster than the speed of light is back in time. I think of many theories that I can't contradict or prove with 9th grade mathematics. Also crossing the light-speed-barrier requires slowing down enough to come back from it. Acceleration and deceleration both take energy. Thus, our attempts to reach the past will end up in vain if we can't slow down fast enough forcing us to travel forwards in time as we decelerate from light speed. It requires too much energy. However I have another theory, If you move enough relative to huge chunks of matter (go fast for long) you move through time. Likewise if you move through time (relative to other stuff unlike trapped photons) , you move through space (to prove me wrong I dare you to be still relative to the moving universe.) Thus exists space-time. (This is how I theorized space time, before I knew it was a thing. I still don't know the real explanation) In the LHC the colide particles together so strongly that they release their strored energy creating new particles. Matter and anti-matter pop in and  out of existences all the time. Why can't we say that matter and energy are very similar? Just like space-time? Matter/Energy cannot be created or destroyed . It only changes form (I'm too lazy to write the laws separately but I still write this). Why can't they be a mix of each other always changing form and making more scientist confused? A particle with enough energy can more through space and time, fade in out of existence always interchanging between wave and particle form. Just looking at the speedy photons making you see. (If you manage to see a photons  I'm sure you'll win a Nobel soon) The have enough energy to cover the observable universe with extremely high probability of failure. There's only a few weeks left and I'm sure I'll hunt down my new science teachers for answers. But a reply from the people who helped continue on the path of curiosity despite the circumstances would really be amazing. Do I get better physics in 10th grade? What's calculus?  Have a greate day!
Thank you for blowing my mind at 6 in the morning, lovely.
Hard to concentrate with that horrible background noise grinding away. Music you say? Balderdash!
Doesn't LCD panel work the same way?
What if, your Venn diagrams aren't the proper diagram to use? Imagine Venn diagrams using spheres instead of 2 dimensional circles and redo the math.
Has anyone seen my keys?
I'm an English Lit Major!  I know! I know... Choices were made...
8 minutes in and I couldn't keep up
either im more drunk than i originally anticipated, or this guy is actually talking uncomfortably fast........
Could it be that the polarizing filter doesn't block/stop the photons per se, but rather reorients the light?\n \nAssuming light behaves as a wave, it could be possible that all the light is passing through but cancelling itself until you add another filter, which disturbs the balance.\n\nBasically, 1st filter would change the orientation of 25% of the light waves, thus cancelling their inverse 25% for a total of 50% light blocked, then the second filter does another 25%, effectively blocking the rest of the light. Then the third filter making it brighter could be explained by the waves not actually cancelling each other completely (just enough to not be visible) and being disturbed/reoriented by [the 3rd filter] so as to stop cancelling each other and be visible again.\n\nMaybe the photons' funcion doesn't collapse until it has finished passing through all filters, thus being consistent with light behaving as both a particle and a wave, as experiments have shown it does.
Kinda similar to measuring the particles in the double-slit experiment, the lens is imparting changes onto the particles(realigning their spin). It's not a hidden variable to the particles but rather the known one changing. Only the state between the lenses should be considered, not the emitter to detector state.\nJust in case, has this been tested in vacuum or various viscous substances to check if refraction has any role in it?
just as I thought!... I'm an unreal nonlocal.
So does 0° + 45° + 90° pass the same amount of light as 0° + 45° + 0°?\n\nI notice you never rotate the filters when there are three.
Take that, TJ Henry Yoshi!
So...the light wave gets turned/twisted...then you put a filter on top that is also turned...so you are basically just causing the particle wave to twist and turn down your filter tunnel, losing bits of light each time. Unless you turn it too far and just end up blocking all of the light.\n\nI'm not sure why all of the math is needed...that seems to actually make sense.
Curious...very interesting theory, and had my brain swirling to find an explanation. Disclaimer, I'm not a mathmatition, or phyisist, or any other university fancy pants name; I'm just a truck driver that just likes puzzles like this.\n\nMy guess (no proof.) if filter AB is only letting 75% light through and filter AC is letting 50% light through, then filter B is letting 18.75% extra light through above and beyond the 75% it is suppose to let through, due to reflection. I understand it as follows; The 50% C will not let through will be reflected back to B and 75% of that extra light will be shine through A.therefor incresing the light level of A and increasing the total light.\n\nI know it sounds weird and wish I could explain better, but higher ED wasn't in the cards for me 30 years ago.
Damn too complex :(
Is quantum mechanics wizardry?
I favor Realism over Locality.
reflection you dumb fucks
Damn nature, you scary
the perfect adjustable lampshade
So awesome :D
This is stupid.
Light is subjective. Locality is false.
2:37 why does quantum = boolean
More like 15 minute physics
Pyramids motherfucker 😉
What. How can a filter be angled if it is ROUND??????
The proof the earth is flat!
This smacks double slit right in the potentialities
Maybe physics (and quantum physics) has misunderstood polarization and/or how photons work. Polarization as we see in these experiments does not seem to 'block' any of the light photons, but instead just renders them invisible. Adding additional polarized lenses partially reverses this 'invisibility effect. Also, could this be related with the Philadelphia experiment? Meaning were they trying to create an invisibility effect using magnetic polarization of light? Considering quantum entanglement, maybe both particles must be observed in order to be seen or measured. They are pairs/twins like alter egos or bazarro superman and if one is not observed then the other is not able to be observed. Sorry for my drunk layman rambling but my thoughts seem to me to be more plausible than the 'religion' of bells theorem.
The cat in the box has no answer for the cat not being in a box because the cat does not feel like it at this time . It likes bells but I'm guessing it might not in an hour .   But it does poop in a box . And it will again .
This is because the universe is being simulated inside God's mind,  he wanted me to let you know you should give this Jesus thing a second look before you decide you're too cool for school...
Anyone interested in this concept should really watch the video, Polarization of Light: circularly polarized, linearly polarized, unpolarized light. from the YouTube channel. Physics Videos by Eugene Khutoryansky  It is a crystal clear explanation of how light can be polarized by one filter and blocked by another but a third filter in between will then allow light to continue through the last filter.\n\nHighly recommended. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YkfEft4p-w
What if passing through just alters the hidden variable
Light & matter interact simple 😏
The way I see it is you kinda change the direction.  Even thou a photo passes through a filter that doesn't mean it hasn't changed.  It's like a car kinda hitting a pole but still going straight (csuse its so fast) just at a slight diff direction but so minute we can't measure it.  But it helps it get through the other filter which would have blocked it if it continues going straight.  Maybe experiment where there is a large distance between filters will show it goes back to normal and does get blocked by the 2nd filter.
You are assuming the photon's polarization angle does not change as it passes through each filter. Looks to me like each photon is repolarized + or - a few degrees as is it passes a filter
they sure take a lot of time, to tell that photons are affected by the difference between the angles between the two filters that they pass through...
is this joking? The answer seems so simply obvious
Montgolfier gas.  There is something we don't understand happening here but I suspect it is something simple like the polarization of light that passes through b is skewed so that is passes through c better than if it were not there.  I have a theory that most of quantum physics (time stretching due to gravity ect...)  is like Montgolfier gas.  We just don't have enough information to make accurate predictions and the predictions we are making are so bizarre that when we look back 60 years from now we'll marvel at how wrong we were.
Aww lily\n I'm sure the only reason most of us wouldn't want to hear you being sad and negative is because we wish you all the best and that you can get back to being happy and positive rather than feeling that way. Not just that we don't want to hear you being sad. But, failing that, it's always better to hear how you are truely feeling so that you can get the support you need and deserve to help you get back to the good place in life! Sometimes life gets us down without any particular reason that we can fix, but it's always a good idea to at least identify that the feeling is a little off because sometimes just saying it out loud can be the first step to feeling better. Anyway, hope you feel better soon. I can't imagine having to work in an industry where your personality is your brand! Feeling out of sorts truely must make that very difficult. But know that I enjoy hearing how you are and what you think of things and always appreciate your honesty. X
I feel the same way with me and my friends, we don't take pictures anymore! Haha we just hang out and chat 😊
Cheer up Buttercup :o)  Sorry you're feeling down, but thank you for sharing and I hope things turn around soon!
Can relate to so much in this vlog. Feeling moany today too. Also feel like I have to buy a pink fluffy cushion (and not sure I really even like them!) I even had a lipstick allergy about the same time you did! I've found the Laneige Lip Sleeping Mask pretty good. As well as the original allergy I seem to react to lanolin, which of course is in lots of lip treatments!  And I have puffy hair! lol Keep keeping it real Lily!
I'm so glad you don't hide when you're feeling down (not glad you're down though obvs!) ☺ I think you're really helping your followers by making it a very normal thing and accepting it. Life isn't always rosy but it can sometimes seem like it online! I love your vlogs, they inspire me to be better and to keep pushing through even if I'm feeling down xx
Sorry to hear you've been bummed out lately - I go through periods of that, too. I've also got a fairly public persona (not on YouTube but in real life) and I have to say: don't read the comments. I've been married now for 9 years - I'm 34 - and I get the same senseless and shitty comments from people who think they know how to run your life. I'd say, more often than not, they're probably jealous of you -- they're generally upset that you're failing to follow a prescribed pattern. Those who are most successful in life do not follow a prescribed pattern - do what you do well and put on the blinders!!! XO!!
what nail color do you have on?
Yeah it is REALLY rude it's not nice at all
Hi Lily! You totally have to try Uriage Bariederm for your lips. I've tried averything for my sensitive, ezcema-prone lips and it is THE BEST. Love your videos!
I really appreciate the honesty in this! I'm a total home girl and love being a bit of a slob and taking my time to just be myself and do what I need to do! I think you look great! Homey videos are my favourite! I've watched you for years and love you and Anna's friendship and dynamic! Please tell me there will be another series of the podcast? When you're ready obviously and I really mean it when I say no pressure to continue! Just such interesting guests and I'm a bit nosy too! Take care of yourself and don't feel ashamed about being a bit selfish we all need a break from time to time or we burn out! Hope Mark enjoys the curry! I'm not a prawn fan but it looks delicious! Love Madeleine's recipes! Lamb and Sweet Potato stew is our personal fave and lasts a couple of days! X
Always good to know that one is not alone in feeling negative/under the weather. Some days get the worst out of us. As usual, love your vlogs Lily!
Have you ever tried Clinique all about lips? I find it really soothing when my lips are sore. Totally get you with the pregnancy stuff, I'm constantly getting asked when I'm going to have a baby. It's rude, what if there's a reason i haven't got children?!
I am really sorry you don't feel great Lily. I wish you could be ok soon...not because I don't want to see a moany  video ( I am just using your own words, I don't think you're moany at all, you're just a human being having shitty days) but just because I care about you as I just care about a friend. I know it's a stupid thing because we're obviously not friends but it's the way I feel. So, we're all here to support ❤️ xoxo
Lily , everybody cries\nAnd everybody hurts sometimes xx \nI hope you are feeling inspired and motivated . If not , give yourself a break . Lots of love ❤️🙏
I hate fruit flies and I found that there are reusable fruit flies traps on amazon that you just put apple cider vinegar in it and that is it...
I'm sorry you're feeling so down, Lily. I know things will get better for you, hang in there. I actually enjoyed this video, not because I like that you feel sad, but because it felt like hanging out with a friend, which was kind of comforting after a long day at work. Good for you at calling out the pregnant comments; hope people have the decency to stop.
Actually loved this video Lily. Feeling the same myself today 💕
is that a love island water bottle at 12:34? i'm still in mourning about love island
I think when the social media activity became someones full time job the aspect of pressure, popularity race, obsession of new content might be an issue. But it happend with all of us whatever our job is. It is natural to feel sometimes not in the mood or like being at the crossroads. So don't feel sorry to be at this place at the moment....
I adore you JUST The way you are! JUST be you !!!
*hugs* from an internet friend who also sometimes experiences the sads.
Hi Lily , I rarely comment but wanted to say I love that you are genuinely honest . Love everything you do . Sending you big hugs from Ireland  xx
Lily, maybe you should try lanoli for your dry lips. For example dr. Lipp have lip balm with 100% of lanolin :)
I never comment on videos but I I feel so down and very negative some days and I wonder if I'm depressed but then it goes away the next day! I also told friends at work recently that I'd got some good news (a promotion) and they all said they thought I was going to say I was pregnant!! 🙄🙄 Just age and being with a partner for a long time people always think that's the next step!
Have you considered a break from uploading videos for a while? I'm sure the idea is stressful but you can really recharge and hopefully you'll feel a little bit more like you. Other than your honeymoon,  which you still Preshot videos for, when was the last time you had a real break?  P.s. With it not being as sunny where you live and since you've travelled to do many sunny places recently try a really good vitamin d supplement, it helped me adjust from the Cape Town sunshine to the Irish weather which literally made me sad and lethargic due to lack of sun. Also don't ever apologise for saying how you feel, it's better to be honest than pretend everything is perfect. No-one can live up to perfection.
Lily, I like that you've been really honest about feeling a bit down lately. This is real life and we all go through periods of feeling like we're uninspired or in a rut or lacking motivation, and that's ok. Thanks for keeping it real. I often find in moments like this it's important to grasp on to the things that do bring you joy until you start feeling a shift towards being 'yourself' again. Keep your chin up and I hope you'll feel better about things soon.
For your sore lips i recommend the bariederm balm by uriage! It's amazing for sensitive lips.
Lily I love your videos and watch every single one of them! I love it because of the realness of it whether you're in a negative mood or not. Im not annoyed by it I guess after watching you for years you are like a friend to me talking about everything in life or whinging about stuff which is perfectly normal between friends!
Found your comment on the whys of not commenting that someone looks pregnant to be the most direct, succinct, honest, polite and refreshing one I've seen.  As for feeling down, everyone does at times--whether or not they own it or not.  Love the honesty!
I'm one of your older fans (36), and I loved this video. I went through a 4 month period of feeling off and down and I'm finally coming out of it. Good luck! I felt a little lost so if you're feeling that way, I hope you find yourself and discover how to be good with life.
I normally don't reply on your videos. I watch them to learn and they are good but this blog was pants. Keep reading...not the part where you express your thoughts and feelings, kudos for that. What I found shallow and a little condescending was the non interest in Fenty Beauty. I am about 10 years your elder and American, so I don't always meld with your taste but give you a listen and I learn somethings. Today as a subscriber I felt let down by that flippant attitude. I could be wrong, people don't come for me, it's not worth it, but this is how I saw you today.
Sending you happy thoughts ❤️😘 x
Feel better.
Enjoyed your vlog.
What nail polish are you wearing in this video? It looks great on you.
Thanks for keeping it real. It's a part of life to have highs and lows, it's great that you don't completely hide it all away. I'd much rather see an honest vlog than a fake one. Hope your days get brighter again soon.x
Oh my God about that Fenty *****!! Am sick and tired of all youtube reviewing it;using it,testing it !! I swear I was about to go crazy,I swear I will never buy anything from Fenty Beauty! never ,people go crazy man! And I was sure you aint one, as an old subscriber ,I know ur classy anyway, dont mean to be rude towards Rihannas line ,but people makes you hate it!!*\nAnd Lily, hope you will feel better soon :))) thank you for your honesty, you're amazing the way you are :)))
I don't normally comment but just wanted to say thank you for being honest & not pretending that everything is always sunshine & roses. This is why I like you - you're real & not trying to be something you're not. I can completely relate to the being down but not knowing why. Went through a horrible phase of it last year so I really hope you come out the other side soon for your own sake. \nAs for the pregnancy thing - I agree that it's so rude to speculate about someone publicly (not going to lie, with some of my friends I do think it!) as you don't know what's going on behind closed doors. \nStill love your videos & look forward to them 😊
I really don't feel like you have to say sorry for feeling like that. We all have days or periods like that. It's natural. Hope you feel better soon Lily, love you and Anna :) Love from Norway
I alternated between wanting to bring you a cup of tea and offering you a shoulder. I feel like so many of us can not only sympathize but empathize with you as well. In fact, my co-worker and I had a discussion about wanting to crawl under our desks and hide from the world today. Don't ever feel like you have to put on a fake front. Just be you Lily. In terms of the baby conversation, oh boy. My wife and I have been together for 11 years and we only recently decided that even though we love children they simply aren't for us. Surprisingly our parents took the news wonderfully. Everyone else has been a hit or miss. We're very flattered that people think we'd make wonderful mothers, but that doesn't mean it's what we want.
You are such a lovely woman 😍😍
You be YOU!
Hi Lily, I had similar lip issues to yours and after months of trying to figure them out I realized I'm allergic to beeswax, which is found in 99% of lip balms and some lipsticks. It took me a while to realize it was beeswax because I had been using lip balms with it my whole life and never had any problems with it until this year, but apparently it's an allergy you can develop at any time. \nSo far I've only found two lip balms that don't contain any: LUSH None of your Beeswax and Crazy Rumors. Since I started using these and avoiding any other lip products with beeswax, I haven't had any more problems with my lips. I hope this helps! :)
Hope you feel better 💕 I love your honesty, and don't worry about us/your viewers, you do you 👍 😘
We all have times when we are sad and it's ok to be. You shouldn't force yourself to look happy in videos. You're human just like us.
Life is too short to be doing big things you dislike or being around people that you do not want to communicate with. Give yourself permission to take a break and do more of the things you enjoy.  It will bring back your inner smile and help you focus on the things that truly matter to you.
It's so rude to say someone's glowing. I just hate that. I'd definitely rather look dull 😐
Unforunately these days in Italy it really feels like autumn, a lot of Wind and rain 😩
oh Lily, I love when you talk about this whole happiness/grumpiness thing! I'm lucky enough because where i spend most of my days everyone is complaining about everything anyways! I understand the pressure you feel to look like the other bloggers, who are super happy and content all the time. Congratulations on not giving in and doing the same! Congratulations on being still so authentic after all this time blogging. On a different note, I also struggle with my hair and the keratin/brazilian blowouts treatments. Could you do a video on what you have tried so far and your impressions on it? Have you ever actually done any real straightening treatments like those older ones with ammonia? Thank you!
I go through many sad moments and find it difficult to get out of the funk. I found it comforting that I'm not the only one.
Hi Lily - re your lips, I went through something v. similar, suddenly became allergic to some ingredients when I hit 30 - it's really worth seeing a dermatologist and seeing if patch testing would help - may not be the same thing for you but I know how annoying it is to suddenly struggle to wear lipstick!
I support you and appreciate you, Lily. Difficulties in life happen and it's not always something you want to share. Thanks for being open. I enjoyed the vlog. 💜
Lily, you're just so great :)
I always relate to you because of your lower energy, chilled out vibe. Take care of yourself and as always, thanks for sharing :)
I know that you're conscious that you may not come across as being incredibly chipper or bubbly in your videos; but one of the reason I'm subscribed to you and keep watch is because of your realness. It's nice to see how honest you are unapologetically human quite frankly! You come across in a genuinely relatable way which is refreshing. I also love that you check people that ask of assume that someone is pregnant - you're so right about online etiquette! I too feel that fruit flies are the bane of my life right now! Thanks for sharing Lily, much love 💜 x
I am inlove with that jumper, it looks like the cosiest thing ever!
Lily you really look depressed. I hope you can find some help.
Lily I love your videos and its so nice that you are real, I work from home and at the best of times I wake feeling so low and literally nothing makes me happy its fine and you are normal but because you have the public presence its more pressure....
A very relatable day! Even if you didn't feel cheery, your vlogs always brighten up my day! X
Dear Lily, I don't usually comment, but I watch every video you upload, so I thought it would be nice to express my support. I hate to hear you're feeling so negative lately. It must be hard to keep up with this kind of work when feeling down, but you're doing a great job and I love your videos! You should not apologise for your mood, I think it's perfectly normal for everyone to have better and worse phases in their life. \nI also agree that the pregnancy comments are terribly rude! My sister recently got a few of those comments and she was really insulted, and I could totally understand her - it's nobody's business! So just try to ignore them :)
Thank you Lily for speaking so openly, I haven't commented on here before but wanted to let you know I appreciate your honesty. We all have times we we feel low and it's so important to talk about our mental health.
Well done for being yourself. You are actually helping a lot of people. We all feel crap sometimes and talking about it is the key. In fact I prefer watching your vlogs when you are raw and real. I loved it :-)
Try the Laneige Lip Sleeping Mask - it's incredible.
keep working out Lily.  the endorphins will improve your mental state.  I feel so sluggish when I don't work out. A good jump board session energizes me all day.  Its impossible to not feel better after a workout
Haha I love you and well done for figuring out the rice cooker! Win! I'm a sucker for Lily Pebbles vlogs. My absolute fave vlogger #1 please continue to vlog for the foreseeable future
Lily, I loved this vlog. I fully empathise with you, as I also don't feel all that great these days. I loved how you did lots of small things to cheer your self up a little. Very healthy and nice to watch. Lots of love xxxx
Moany and whingy hmmm. You're human! We go through shit. It's not all rainbows and sprinkles all day errday
Oh lily! I hope you are ok. Everyone goes through these types of moods and phases and I personally think it's good you are being honest and real! That's why I love you! And you don't look pregnant at all. You are right it's the hardest thing when people keep asking you and expecting you to announce something. I find it awful as we are trying to get pregnant with our second child and we struggled so much with our first and had to go through IVF and everytime someone asked me I just wanted to cry. Same as now.... Thank you for showing that you understand it's not easy for everyone and that you are sensitive to this. I'm sorry for you that people keep asking! Oh and I never comment on videos - I just wanted you to know I was thinking of you! X
so naturally pretty lily! thanks for the video x
Try changing your toothpaste. I got a reaction from a strong/ whitening one and my lips haven't been the same since!
Lily i think it's the change of season that's making you feel low. I honestly have been feeling the same very negative and i for sure think it's the winter blues! Love the honesty, after all you are human and can't possibly always be happy in life. Hope you feel better soon xx
Lily I loved this chatty video! Don't ever feel sorry for being your true, authentic self. It's beautiful.
Like you're Vlogs - speaking very well awesome Video
the christophe robin salt scrub is my favorite scrubbing shampoo and it smells amazing! you don't have to worry about getting anything gritty out of your hair because the salt will eventually dissolve under the spray of your shower
p.s. I know when I worked from home, I felt lonely. Maybe an office space shared with others would help?!
Lily, I truly appreciate you being honest about your feelings and conveying your real feelings rather then being superficial. This is especially important with social media constantly showing us how good other people have it....we all feel down at times and it's so refreshing to hear someone else who feels the same way that I do sometimes. Just this Tuesday I was so sad and anxious and I didn't have any reason. Listening to you today made me feel so much better \n❤️
A good scalp scrub is baking soda! It works suuuper well, just make sure you condition afterwards. Gets rid of flakes and product buildup.
I'm sorry you don't feel up to par. We all have these days. Maybe we all tend to be this way, too, but I find you complain an awful lot sometimes. There's nothing wrong with it. Just my opinion.
I rarely ever post messages but am a regular viewer. We all have crap days but the majority of us don't have to explain ourselves to others. I can only imagine how hard it is to feel like shit in front of thousands of viewers. I love watching your channel because you're a normal person with real emotions. Just keep doing you. You don't need to explain yourself to anyone. It's human to have feelings.  Much love!
You're lovely, that's all I have to say!
Lily, if you can get your hands on the Jack Black Intense Therapy Lip Balm, I HIGHLY recommend it for dry, chapped, and sore lips. The Shea and Mint version is my personal favorite and the only balm I use, especially during the winter months (and I live in Michigan, which is equivalent to Canadian cold all the time).
I like this :) as lots of people have said it's refreshing to be honest about how you're feeling and ironically it can be pretty depressing watching everyone be so cheerful all the time and leaving out the bad parts. So yeh just as happy to watch this as much as your other videos. P.s just realised I've  been watching your videos for 2 years now! Be they positive or negative! Happy Anniversary :P x
Hey Mandi! I got last year on the US  ASOS site, had to check daily for a while . Good luck!
Completely agree it's so inappropriate to ask someone if they are pregnant.  It's a real bug bear of mine!  Have you seen the doctor about your lips? They could prescribe a steroid cream, and I'd ask them to check for contact dermatitis. Apologies if you have already done this - I know it's annoyingly when people give advice I just really feel for you, they look so sore!
Doesn't everyone have crap days? It's only normal, nobodies life is perfect and to be honest I applaud and respect you more lily as you are real. It's refreshing to see as you don't find that with online personalities, I'd much rather watch a vlog like this on the odd occasion rather than a 'designer handbag haul etc' cause it makes you more relatable xx
sorry to hear you're feeling out of sorts but at the same time it's so lovely to hear someone be so honest! xx
You're amazing. Don't you worry about a thing, gal !!!!!
Lovely vid! Your so down to earth, and genuine! Love your vids! ❤️❤️ Xx
Love that you addressed the haters and those saying you're pregnant. I think you look.....beautiful. :-)
Lily where is your black jumper from? I love it x
The best way to get rid of fruit flies is a few drops of dish soap, a couple tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, and water in small bowls and jars near where the fruit flies are. Close all of your windows. Leave the flat for the day and come home to no fruit flies :)
You rock! Thanks for being honest and normal. Hope the dark cloud has passed.
If you put some apple cider vinegar in the bottom of a jar with a funnel on top, it's an amazing fruit fly catcher :)
Personally, I find you so much more 'real' than other youtubers. I don't mind the ranting, or grumbling, it's really refreshing actually! Keep on being you, that's why we like you! Your videos are almost like hanging out and catching up with a friend, with bits of travel, makeup, and fashion thrown in. Also total side note, as a fellow curly-haired girl I know you love your hair straight, but I'm so curious so see what it would be like styled with a good curling mousse or gel!
Felt inspired to comment after your instagram story, as I never do! I always come back to your channel purely because you're not sickly sweet or squeaky, but relaxing, straight talkin and a real person! Keep it up!
Do you know what Lily I ABSOLUTELY LOVED this video, it was so refreshing and real. I feel nowadays people try so hard to feel/look happy...You can only appreciate and value actual happiness when you've gone through the lows. There will be sunny days as well as the rainy grey days it's all a big cycle aka the growth of nature. Ok I've rambled...a Turkish Glaswegian 🙏🏻 xx
Hi Lily! I personally have these days too but instead of trying to 'get over it' and be positive, I actually savor the 'bad mood' and dwell in it. But I give myself a deadline to really feel it out and hopefully understand what's causing it. I found that when I try to 'get over it' so quickly, the feeling never goes away and I just get frustrated. We love you either way, we like you for being you, being real, not being happy and 1 mood all the time! x
Hope that you feel better listen to soothing music and meditate and relax darling maybe your doing to much god  bless and  take care of yourself
I definitely don't enjoy watching people that are overly cheery all the time, I would much rather watch someone more real and genuine like you :)
Your cute. Keep uploading! I subscribed.
Im checking on comments while listening and it was insane! 'felt like listening to a studio version.
Amazing!  Angelica transformed this song as her own power ballad similar to Clarity but progressively more powerful and enchanting!  Mel B's comments are LAME--I bet she could not even come close to Angelica's awe-inspiring performance--she's either jealous or TONE DEAF!  Angelica, change your favorite judge to Heidi Klum! LoL
This song is a pop dance and she turned it into a soulful, power ballad and totally owned it. What is special about her is when she sing a song, she makes the song her own. She do her own unique touch to the song and transform it into something that really suits her angelic, powerful voice.
I really hope she wins 😭😍
Who Knows... Maybe One Day She'll Have Her Own Concert... if that happens, it won't be so surprising...
I suddenly forget all the original version that u all sang... Ur genius edm song turning to ballad 😱😱😱😵😵 u own it angelica👏👏👏👏
fuckin incredible you are!! im so proud to hear ur voice
this girl is  so annoying, hopes she doesnt win,
Angelica is sure to win it!!!
Amazing, brilliant, adorable, and without a choir like Darci. I love you Angelica, I can't wait to see and listen more and more.
YES ANGELICA!!! PINOYS FOR THE WIN!!
Beautiful rendition of without you song.!
She looks like zendaya in this video but the smaller. Version so cute!!
=^._.^= please guys vote vote vote vote  for angelica hale finals are nxt week please :(  :( :(  share the video in your FB/instagram/twiiter for good sake lets support her good deeds until the end of our life she is my super hero from this day until the end ^,...,^
Angelica Hale is the single biggest talent AGT has ever had or could ever hope to have. This little angel is a once in a generation talent....maybe even once in a lifetime. It is an absolute privilege to be able to watch & listen to her sing. ❤️
I BET HER FINALS SONG IS I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!!
I wish I could vote for her I'm not old enough 😭
I would buy her cover of this song...she's amazing! can't wait for her to win
Wow this is one of my fave Song. 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 Ariba Lang kabayan 👍
this is one special talent
Any other Brits watching AGT clips? (btw she's incredible I hope she wins)
All Filipinos are so proud of you Angelica you're such one of a kind kid 😘
Omg angelica u literally made me cry. I feel so blessed tonight.Your really an angel. God bless...
Check out my reaction to this video
I am rooting for you girl!!! I wish you the best of luck on the finals. Everyone plz share all her videos, let's get her more fans!!!!! \n#the true winner of AGT
i think she knows how to sing so good because her mom gave her her kidney and if thats not it im amazed.
Hi hi it's ty ty wtf Tyra needs to change her weird ending. I wish nick cannon was back ;(
Coming from a 9 year old she is amazing she has my pick she is better than post actual singers and she is 9 and I'm like wow how amazing??_
It's so angelic...very touching 😦
Oh now she's 10
You should played the piano in finals
I actually got cold because I got the chills so much
such a blessed soul! soo great and so talented! love it! 😍
2m views with in 4 days😍😍😍
Omg she is the best. I am ten like her and I can't sing like that
can't wait what will u going to sing in the finals.
She has a very good talent I wish I had.
I can't decide if I like angelica or darci better! The are both amazing! Good luck to both of you in the final round. No matter what happens you are still stars to me!!!!
This is amazing but why she sayn without your instead of without you
when people out there says that angelica is just sreaming not singing. then i ask u , what kind of screaming that blown all the audience away? and who can scream as beautiful as angelica did? I'm just saying my opinion and sorry if theres a mistake with my english :)xx
differences between ANGELICA HALE and DARCI LYNN after AGT\n@ ANGELICA HALE could probably made an album to platinum, you can watch her having a concert for 4 to 5 hours.\nANGELICA HALE has a power voice that satisfy our needs from a singer connected as we as a music lovers...\n\n@ DARCI LYNN yes she can sing her mouth (not totally) closed but whatelse do we expect from a ventriloquist, changing puppets? changing voice like grannies? humorous act of puppets movement yap we can watch her with her puppets for 30 mins to 1 hour only ... \n\npls vote who's worthy to pay for..
This little girl literally makes me cry every I watch her performances. And that's a true indicator of a genuine singer.. Way to go our little angel.. 👏👏👏
I cant live without you angelica hale
ANGELICA HALE IS THE DESERVING CONTESTANT TO WIN AMERICAS GOT TALENT !!!
SHES IS SOOO GOOD I sing on my channel so if you guys wanna check it out and subscribe it would mean the world! ❤️
SHE PICKS REALLY GOOD SONGS FOR SINGING AND SHE REALLY NAILS IT EVEN IF YOU SING IT YOU HAVE VOICE CRACKS ON THESE SONGS
I need them to do the winners im dying 😆
Who else is voting for her
OMG!! This is what I live for!
What is that song called😂
i remember charice at that age
I was going to audition for #AGT but my name is Grace. And I'm afraid people will compare me with Grace Vanderwaal😘 (Even though Grace is my favorite artist)
What do you think, who will win? Darcy or Angelica? 😊❤
she's good but I don't think she should win.But she's good
She is to young to win this show
I HAVE BEEN BEGGING TO BE ON NEXT SEASON FOR AGES!!!!!
The mother of this child should call an ambulance, becuase there are several angels inside this girl
This gave me chills like 10 different times 😍😍❤️❤️
Wow! As in WOW! I can listen to this all day long. Such an angelic voice.God bless you on the finals Angelica Hale! BTW kudos to the person who made the song arrangement, great job!\nCongrats to all the finalist.\n:)
When she hits those high notes at the beginning so effortlessly, it sounds so sweet, so natural. Good luck in the finals, but no matter what happens, your career has already begun, you were noticed by everyone around the world, you will not disappoint!
Unbelievable  .... wOw ..
she's got the voice, the control, the range and the heart. voting for Angelica and making her win the American's Got Talent 2017 means saving millions of children's lives under the care of Children's Miracle Network and Children's Health Care of Atlanta. a vote for Angelica Hale............ is a VOTE FOR LIFE.\n\nUSHER and DAVID GUETTA must be proud of Angelica Hale. this song Without You skyrocketed to the top with her cover of the same song.
I've watched this so much that it's in my recommended list XD
let's not forget she is 10 only.Incredible
how could someone be this good at the age of 10. Incredible!!!!
Let's make Angelica (HALE )the finale ❄️🌬❤️
Ohhh Angelika ,you make us happy with tearing eyes.May God give the desire of your good heart...
1:23 this smile and you know that she's plotting something really good ^^
Angelica is my favorite keep it up!!Vote for her!!
👏👏👏😭
Goosebumps
Omg 😲 she is so awesome
Omg her Voice is beautiful
Wow!!!
Wow like if you hate celion tam
V
She's half Filipina 😍
wow!!!
Goosebumps
I feel Christina Grimmie Voice Vibes..
Song?
I got goosebumps
💕
:'(
re
Filipinos are really really really TALENTED!
Shes my Favorite in the comp
I'm speechless omg!
wow amazing talent
❤❤❤
Sucks. Sounds like she's stuck in a box or something
Singing legend with a face like a pug hit by a door
Angelica Hale for the win❤️
Is Angelica half Filipina or not??????
Celine is so much better
name of the  singer and song\n????
and she's Filipina !!! she no is american
THE BEST❤💓💕💖💗💗💝💞💟
Her worst.
Angelica, are you a fart? Because you blew me away👏😉
Robert the doll? Saw the Travel Channel doc about it, and that face still creeps me out to this day.
This looks INCREDIBLE. I've loved Lore since the beginning and to see it brought to life like this is a dream come true. I can't wait!
I have been a LORE fan since the start, this just gave me infinite goosebumps!!!
Is that my boy robert the doll in the thumbnail ?
OMG! Holland Roden!!!!❤️ love herrrr
WHO'S HERE FOR HOLLAND??!!
I will watch Lore for Holland Roden
Will there be a series about Creepypasta or The SCP Foundation next?
I saw Robert the doll in key west
Cool! Subscribe to my page just songs I recorded on my iPhone nothing serious my listen I just posted some I did today  :)) follow me on instagram @pauly.riley.
So excited! I love his podcasts!!
Love the podcast, been a subscriber since day one.  Have all his books and can't wait for this!
Ahhhhhh!! I've been listening to the podcast for a year and it's HERE I'm so pumped! It's so good to hear his voice and even the original music!!
Lore and channel zero  new episode coming soon 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🙂😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🙂😃🙂😃🙂😃🙂🙂😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😄😃😃😃😃😃🙂😃🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
Nuts to that Robert the doll story. Scared the hell outta me.
This his real if you take a picture of Robert with out permission he will hunt you for your life until you died I'm not joking.
looks like a movie about memes
Where is the no sleep podcast show?
get maximum social exposure on YouTube - u2bzone(dot)C O M
Yes, finally some video that is not region blocked. Keep it like this!
Yo why does Aaron sound different
Queen Holland slaying as usual
https://www.gofundme.com/4esiwu8
Robert!!
WANT 😍😍😍
Yessss!!! I love these creepy shows
Nice Love the podcast
Looks good! 🙀👏🏻
<3 <3 <3
Please come to Netflix
SO FREAJKINGRSFDF PUMPEDGRFGA!!!!!!!!!
😍😍😍
Exciting!
The Black Mirror of Amazon :)
thought it was going to be good but then saw the producer of the walking dead was involved
Hah, Cathal 'the GOAT' Pendred!
Oh interesting I thought AMC was picking up the show.
Im a simple person\nI see the Robert doll\n*I click*
(Build your house with Jesus on the rock and you will never sink, that's IF we continue to Keep his Commandments, we will bear MUCH FRUIT!):\n\n(Jesus):\n\nAbide in me,\nand I in you.\nAs the branch\ncannot bear fruit of itself,\nexcept it abide in the vine;\nno more can ye,\nexcept ye abide in me.\n\n(John 15:4).\n\n***For the branch to produce more fruit, it must abide, which means to dwell, to stay, to settle in, to sink deeper. The way to abide in Christ is to OBEY.\n\n***(John 15:10)<---If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.\n\n***(1 John 3:24)<---And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.\n\n***The believer who lovingly OBEYS the Word of God produces much fruit.\n________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus will manifest himself unto you, if you LOVE HIM by KEEPING HIS COMMANDMENTS):\n\nAt that day\nye shall know that\nI am in my Father, \nand ye in me, \nand I in you.\nHe that hath my commandments,\nand keepeth them,\nhe it is that loveth me:\nand he that loveth me\nshall be loved of my Father,\nand I will love him,\nand will manifest myself to him.\n\n(John 14:20-21).\n\n***As the believer lovingly OBEYS Christ Commandments, he or she will experience a more intimate knowledge of Him.\n_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(If you LOVE Jesus YOU WILL KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS): \n\n\n(Jesus): \n\nIf ye love me, \n\nkeep my commandments. \n\nAnd I will pray to the Father, \n\nand he shall give you \n\nanother Comforter/HOLY SPIRIT, \n\nthat he may abide \n\nwith you for ever.\n\n(John 14:15-16). \n\n***(Acts 5:32)<---And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom (God) hath (given to them) that (obey him).\n\n_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n\nBut as it is written, \n\nEye hath not seen, \n\nnor ear heard, \n\nneither have entered \n\ninto the heart of man, \n\nthe things which God \n\nhath prepared \n\nfor them that (((LOVE HIM!)))\n\n(1 Corinthians 2:9).....
This looks like what American Horror Story should be.
I wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\n\n모든 게 이제는 지긋지긋해서\n작은 일들에 기분이 쉽게 삐뚤삐뚤해져\n혼자 오는 퇴근길이 시끌시끌해도\n나와 관계없는 웃음뿐 고갤 떨궈 계속\n\n정신없이 달렸지 어른이 된지 모르고\n걱정 없이 사는 척 엄마 걱정을 덜으려\n집에 도착하면 씻고 불 끄고 누워도\n이제는 꿈보다 현실이 무거워\n잠을 못 들어 So I sing\n\n거울 속에 왜 \n더 이상 내가 알던 내 모습이 아닌데\n꿈을 쫓고 싶은데\n내 어깨에 책임이라는 짐이 걸릴 때\n\n비틀거리는 나를 보고 있다면\n여기서 나를 데려가 줘 멀리\nI wanna runaway\nYay ye yay ye\n\n아무도 날 모르는 곳에\n아무도 찾지 않는 곳에\n쓰러진 날 일으켜줘\nI just can't go on 날 데려가 줘\nI wanna runaway\n\n실수를 실패로 생각하는 버릇이 생겨서\n실패를 하기 싫어 자꾸만 시도를 그르쳐\n다치기 싫어서 새로운 만남을 기피해\n혼자 우는 쪽이 편해 눈치 볼 필요 없어서\n\n내 침대에 누워도 내 집은 아닌 것 같아서\n그저 어딘가 먼 데로 떠나가고 싶어져\n내일은 해가 뜬다라는 희망을 찾아도\n좋은 아침이란 말엔\n아무도 진심이 없어 So I sing\n\n거울 속에 왜\n더 이상 내가 알던 내 모습이 아닌데\n꿈을 쫓고 싶은데\n내 어깨에 책임이라는 짐이 걸릴 때\n\n비틀거리는 나를 보고 있다면\n여기서 나를 데려가 줘 멀리\nI wanna runaway\nYay ye yay ye\n\n아무도 날 모르는 곳에\n아무도 찾지 않는 곳에\n쓰러진 날 일으켜줘\nI just can't go on 날 데려가 줘\nI wanna runaway\n\nRunaway\nOh nanana\n\n거울을 보는 내 눈빛\n힘 없이 무너진 두 발\n거울 속 남자가 또\n낯설게만 바라보네 Yeh ye\n\n괜찮아질 거야 멀리\n이 긴 방황의 저 끝에\n내가 찾는 내 모습이\n날 기다리고 있길 Yeh ye\nYeh ye ye\n\n길을 잃어버린 나는\n이젠 지쳐서 나아갈 수 없어\n여기서 나를 데려가 줘\n숨쉬기 어려워\nYeh ye\n\n길을 잃어버린 나의\n손을 잡아줘\nI don’t know why I’m here\nI wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\n\n아무도 날 모르는 곳에\n아무도 찾지 않는 곳에\n쓰러진 날 일으켜줘\nI just can't go on 날 데려가 줘\nI wanna runaway
Eu amo o meu filho
the song is so good!
THIS IS SO GOOD I WANNA CRY
same hair color like lisa 😍😍😍
This is the most beautiful song in the world rn🌸
YG appa... Are you reading this? Please include subs for future videos please. I really think it will add an extra amount of punch when we watch/listen the MV. I know it's a bit of a fuss but you need to start taking care of international fans too ^^;;
Yo this was in New York
can't wait june cover this song
Ahh I'm in love at the first time I heard it❤
good song. I love a beautiful melody. Your voice so good.
The end part was the most relatable thing for me on this song..
Lets get this to 1million views!!!!!🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
WOW THE SONG IS SO GOOD 😍 ILOVETHIS!
it's really sad because bobby put all of his feeling in this song
I'm so proud of Bobby, the message of this song is wonderful and he captures the emotions of yearning for a normal life so perfectly :')
This song is like the only thing that understands and heals me at the moment. Thank you soo much Bobby for making such an amazing song.
4:17 - I called upon the LORD in distress: the LORD answered me and set me in a large place.
Who's still with me? 😓
i like SO MUCH this song!!!! BOBBY THE BEST!!!!!!
BOOOOBBBYYYYY THAT WAS SO GOOD IM CRYING IM SO PROUD OF U
All the hardship that he went through 😳Go Go Bobby. May u succeed more n more! The lyrics r lit. I can't choose between the two songs. This is fall n so deep. Bobby you've overcome it.
My bunny husband I swear I'll Stan you till my last breath😭❤❤😍
The greatest creation made by God is you <33333
So he can sing too. Ok I'm still breathing
Omg..!!  Is beautiful.. 😍😍❤, I love you voice 😢💘😍🙈👌
i'm a fan of bobby ever since smtm and i love this song but why are the views so little. maybe i guess, it's because IKON's been promoting more in china than in south korea that people in s.k are sleeping on them?..or because they want the version of bobby who spits fire whenever he raps hard. and this is just plain boring for them?..Anyway, it's good that they made him a solo comeback cos it's been a while since...and his voice is so good..i really love yg rappers because of the fact that they can sing.
I listened to the whole album and it really worth it !! 🔥🔥
I literally have never seen a scripture in a kpop video like ever lol
This song is super good.
Damn bro I always thought ikon was holding him back from his potential
People is going to regret sleeping on this so much
WAS THAT A JAMESTOWN ROAD SIGN??? DID HE FILM THIS IN VIRGINIA?? AND HE DIDN'T INVITE ME TO THE SHOOT?!?!?! I FEEL SO ATTACKED WOW.\n\nThis song is so great though omg ;;;
love this song much😍
He has such a very unique voice❣️😍⭐️💕💜💘❤️😘
I love Bobby and his songs!! His vocals is so precious! ♡♡♡
I love this song!
Both song r really great,  but this is my favorite...
These people go through so much physically and emotionally to live their dreams... Bobby hwaiting.
This song got me so sentimental 🎵🎶 thanks Bobby
I really love his voice. It's very catchy.\nAnd this song really describe what i'm feeling right now. \nsaranghae~~ 💕💕
the fact that he can sings very well, I'm so in love
That bible verse..❤❤❤. This song is so deep and based on Bobby's true story..😭😭
Am I the only one think that this is the best song in the album?
The song I want to hear the most while going home tired and sick from work, to remind me I'm not alone.  Thank you Bobby you're the best ! 😊😊😊
I love this song because I feel the same way too.
WTF!! I'm not a fan of him but this song is so lit... I really love this song!
😍I won't ever Runaway from you 🙌 #lit
this song gets me so emotional\ncause i feel like running away from everything
This song is so meaningful :) Bobby is just so talented <3 KIMBOB SARANGHAE & FIGHTING!
I'm an exol but I support iKON esp Bobby with all my heart God bless his soul for this music 😭😭
Is this the story of Bobby's life during his trainee...His music is so great👍👍👍...hope he have a mv to his other songs😊😍😘
THIS IS PROBABLY THE SECOND SONG (OFFICIAL. NOT ON MIXTAPE ETC) THAT NARRATES MY LIFE AFTER SUGA'S 'NEVER MIND' I LOVE THIS MORE THAN 'I LOVE YOU' BUT BOTH SONGS ARE AMAZING AND BOBBY HAS WORKED SO HARD HE REALLY DESERVES MORE. I LOVE HIS SINGING PROBABLY MORE THAN HIS RAPPING.
senı yerom tamamı turkey ı love you babby
Love BOBBY
runaway
BOBBY
bobby saranghae
keep streaming FAM <3
Bagus banget \n
😍😍😍😍😍
Yêu thương lắm😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
bersyukur punya suami gantenh kaya kamu. hahaha
ياربي من ذا الحلوين؟
There was no notice wtf
SUPPORT HIM👊👆
soooooooooooo gooooooooooooooooooooood ~
Like?? Plz
a good song!
🤘🏻
bobby's voice is lifer omg 😭😭😭😭😭❤️
Those background vocals though.👌
Bobby growl rapping/growl singing - a concept
Runaway with me Please 💛💜💙💚
👍👍👍
Bobby is singing?? Cool
Bobby😭
i'm cryYyyyYYYYYIIInnGGggg T______T
so lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I like this
I missed this concep from Ikin uwu
Bobby is so charismatic
OMAHGAAAAAAAAAD
Rapper & Singer！！
So aesthetic😍 Well done Bobby! 💜
FUCKK THIS IS AMAZING YESSS
Perfection!! ❤️💋💯
Bobby: yup\ntaeyang: dope song congratz
❤
streaming~~~
Best album of 2017😍😘
awww his little pooh @2:05
HIS WINNIE THE POOH OMG
Love you Bobby 😘👍
*I wanna runaway :)*
와이지도 블랙핑크말고 다 망했네\n조회수, 음원순위 실화냐\n\n잘된게 지디 모태랑 블핑밖에 없어..\n양현석씨의 홍보실력에 부랄을 탁 치고 갑니다!
실수를 실패로 생각하는 버릇이 생겨서 실패를 하기 싫어 자꾸만 시도를 그르쳐
여기에 러너웨이 팬인사람이 절반인거 같닼ㅋㅋㅋ
I wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\n\n모든 게 이제는 지긋지긋해서\n작은 일들에 기분이 쉽게 삐뚤삐뚤해져\n혼자 오는 퇴근길이 시끌시끌해도\n나와 관계없는 웃음뿐 고갤 떨궈 계속\n\n정신없이 달렸지 어른이 된지 모르고\n걱정 없이 사는 척 엄마 걱정을 덜으려\n집에 도착하면 씻고 불 끄고 누워도\n이제는 꿈보다 현실이 무거워\n잠을 못 들어 So I sing\n\n거울 속에 왜 \n더 이상 내가 알던 내 모습이 아닌데\n꿈을 쫓고 싶은데\n내 어깨에 책임이라는 짐이 걸릴 때\n\n비틀거리는 나를 보고 있다면\n여기서 나를 데려가 줘 멀리\nI wanna runaway\nYay ye yay ye\n\n아무도 날 모르는 곳에\n아무도 찾지 않는 곳에\n쓰러진 날 일으켜줘\nI just can't go on 날 데려가 줘\nI wanna runaway\n\n실수를 실패로 생각하는 버릇이 생겨서\n실패를 하기 싫어 자꾸만 시도를 그르쳐\n다치기 싫어서 새로운 만남을 기피해\n혼자 우는 쪽이 편해 눈치 볼 필요 없어서\n\n내 침대에 누워도 내 집은 아닌 것 같아서\n그저 어딘가 먼 데로 떠나가고 싶어져\n내일은 해가 뜬다라는 희망을 찾아도\n좋은 아침이란 말엔\n아무도 진심이 없어 So I sing\n\n거울 속에 왜\n더 이상 내가 알던 내 모습이 아닌데\n꿈을 쫓고 싶은데\n내 어깨에 책임이라는 짐이 걸릴 때\n\n비틀거리는 나를 보고 있다면\n여기서 나를 데려가 줘 멀리\nI wanna runaway\nYay ye yay ye\n\n아무도 날 모르는 곳에\n아무도 찾지 않는 곳에\n쓰러진 날 일으켜줘\nI just can't go on 날 데려가 줘\nI wanna runaway\n\nRunaway\nOh nanana\n\n거울을 보는 내 눈빛\n힘 없이 무너진 두 발\n거울 속 남자가 또\n낯설게만 바라보네 Yeh ye\n\n괜찮아질 거야 멀리\n이 긴 방황의 저 끝에\n내가 찾는 내 모습이\n날 기다리고 있길 Yeh ye\nYeh ye ye\n\n길을 잃어버린 나는\n이젠 지쳐서 나아갈 수 없어\n여기서 나를 데려가 줘\n숨쉬기 어려워\nYeh ye\n\n길을 잃어버린 나의\n손을 잡아줘\nI don’t know why I’m here\nI wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\n\n아무도 날 모르는 곳에\n아무도 찾지 않는 곳에\n쓰러진 날 일으켜줘\nI just can't go on 날 데려가 줘\nI wanna runaway
Tăng view đi các ông
Tzuyu ❤❤❤
I just have to say this, don't be mad at me. \n\nSo some people say that people just talk about tzuyu, or that they just like tzuyu, okey i don't care who loves who, but just because some people just talk about tzuyu or just love her doesn't mean that you have to hate tzuyu! I realy don't understand people! She can't do anything about that! So don't hate her just because that reason! PLEASE!\n\nAnd sorry for my bad english!
People get triggered by how popular tzuyu is lmao. Praising a member does not mean they don't love twice as a group. All of us have our own bias it's just that many shows their love for her why not do the same for your bias instead of hating on a member that way you can contribute positively. She's beautiful Humble Honest Sincere Hardworking Funny without even trying. She does not try to get attention intentionally yet people love her. You can hate her all you want but you can't stop people from supporting her it's called freedom hon get over it.
I want some sexy concept 😢
i knew this was bound to happen, but still, wHERE IS MY WIGS
MOMO'S HEART JUST KILLED ME\nCORRECTION: THE WHOLE OF TWICE KILLED ME ❤️❤️😘
I think Sana will be a cheerleader.
oh my god I'am so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hope this song is bop..unlike their last song
That time when you realized that it's gonna be released in 18 OCTOBER instead of 18 September. The f*ck?!
I'm kinda confused rn is this a separate comeback for the Japanese version or will it just be a Japanese comeback?? Can someone tell me thx
based on the tune i really think this is a top song again. Saranghae TWICE!! NayeonJeongyeonMomoSanaJihyoMinaDahyunChaeyoungTzuyu
The more I listen to this, the more hyped I am. This is the perfect song to finish summer and bring in fall
https://youtu.be/hzQibsVSFAI\nOne More Time Japanese Version
To those who are triggered that the comment section is full of tzuyu then i should say that she deserve this AFTER 2 SECONDS OF SCREENTIME ONLY BITCHES
When is their comeback???\n\nAnd got7's comeback???
i love all of them ,it makes me unable to determine my own bias. who's the same as me?:v
they are bout to snatch us
I'm so confused, will this be their comeback for Kpop too? If not, then when will they rest. 😭
Im Excited
The beat sound very good <3 <3
J I H Y O♥
COME TO BRAZIL PLEASE
friends have to watch Nayeon in the next dances because Nayeon likes Aser Spoilers
twice.... they all look so pretty
They had live broadcast yesterday (vlive)\n\nOne More Time teaser was released today.\n\nThe Japanese Version?\n\nYes. \n\nOmgagagwtaysyshajshwu so there is a Korean version?! 😍😍😍
Twice is the best💖💗💜 #loa200m👏
Twice is killing it💯❤️🍭💪🏻
I can't wait for the MV
15m IN 24hrs. ISNT IT POSSIBLE ONCES?😍
gimme gimme more
Why so pretty Im Nayeon?
早くみたい❗
もうサビ覚えましたよって人d('∀'*)
Dahyun 🕊
JEONGYEON
ASJDDHJSSKSALLW SO EXCITED
party time
Twice needs better concepts 😐
Stream moreeee
さな～💗
かわいい~♡ サランへ~♡
Suena adictivo
이거언제나옴?
October 18?😱
SANA. 😍💖
ウキウキ(∩´∀`∩)💕
0:09 the best part ❤.
Loveessss
0:09のサナがめっちゃ好き
New song?
Gimme Gimme More 🎶🎶
TWICE
あああああんもうかわいすぎ
サナのところ何故かハマる
컴백 아싸
Im Sowww Exciteddddd off thiss Teaserrr Ahhhh
2017.10.18. OMG!!   so very farr
ほんま可愛い💓
楽しみ！しかもかわいい！
JIHYO LOOKS SO CUTE IM DEAD
Ayooo\nEXO Power\nGfriend Summer Rain\nBTS DNA\nSamuel (I'mNotSure)\nTwice One More Time
このチェヨンかわいすぎて
❤❤❤❤❤🎆🎆🎆
Come BACK. Ne zaman
gente,a Jeongyeon é um bebê.
黒髪のモモやばい可愛すぎる
TÔ MORTAAAAAAAAAA
みんなかわいい😆💕\n\nやっぱりチェヨンは髪長い方が\n好みだなぁ😃
Can't wait!!!😍
😭😭😭😭
Jungyeon 😍
Love Tzutu Can't Wait
tzuyu so cute  so pretty
LETS GET 1M VIEWS!!!!!
0:15 ツウィ~❤️❤️❤️
Tzuyu Feat Twice
Jeongyeon look so badassss. Ahhhh her stare kills me everytime 😍
神曲ｷﾀ━━━(ﾟ∀ﾟ)━━━!!!
WE LOVE THEM!
RIP Replay Button.
Omg omg omg omg imgggg
Emang kenapa deh kalo biasnya tzuyu terus coment tzuyu tzuyu cantik dll salah?  Pada lebay2 amat sih.. Wajar lah kalo komen ttg biasnya aja..banyak juga tuh yg pada komen jihyo prrety, sana cute,  chaeyoung,  nayeon and bla bla bla kenapa pada diem aja?  Giliran tzuyu pada hebohhh.. Yang pantes dibilang fake Onces itu ya kalian yg suka nyinyirin fansnya tzuyu..Pabooo
Sana!! 😍😍
Twice😭💕💕💕💘
Momo ta muito fofa
Jungyeon stans where are you at?
Take it easy...\nI think some fans stan Tzuyu here is because Tzuyu is pretty or their bias\nThey support Tzuyu don't mean that they don't love the others members...\n\nEven some people may come here to ONLY SUPPORT Tzuyu ... That's their opinions right?\nGlad they love our giant magnae ~ \n\nSO don't worry about it too much~ Let's cheer for Twice's new come back!! FIGHTING!
tzuyu fans in the comment section are toxic. We get it your tzuyu is the most popular, Twice would not be as popular w/o her. She should go ahead and go solo for her own sake.
*WHY IS NOBODY TALKING ABOUT HOW PRETTY MINA IS?*\n\nANY ONCE STAN MINA XD!
Sana te amo! 😭❤
きもちわる
Momo so cute <3 <3
Momo's hair! so pretty
Saaaaaanaaaaaa💜💜💜💜サナ💙💙💙💙
Can I just cuddle Jihyo please???
NAYEON\nMINA\nSANA\nMOMO\n<3
ARE WE NOT GONNA TAKK ABOUT HOW MOMO HAS BLACK HAIR NOW
AGH I'VE BEEN SO TWICE DEPRIVED, BUT HERE IT COMES AND- It's not in Korea... MAN. I WAS SO EXCITED FOR A SECOND. \n\nBUT HEY, TWICE KOREA, TWICE JAPAN WHATEVER! IT'S TWICE AND I AM READY TO DIE FROM FANGIRLING FEELS.
I wish they were able to actually sing. It's just sad.
is it just me or does everything about this song/video just make you want to smile and love everyone <3
One word\n\n\n\n\n\nBeautiful
10/10
Best part: 0:00 - 3:25
Nubek
This is one of the few good things that's happened this year... *#LoveThisSong*
I don't like this song \n\n\n\n\nI love it
THIS IS CREATIVE.... THIS TALENT SHOULD BE APPRECIATED..!!!
When James Arthur is in the title you HAVE to drop everything and listen😍❤️
Muito amor por essa música! ❤
Yawn
Best Song ever
This video😍😍
Thanks for Herny Gallagher bring me here :)
☺
Amazing!!!!!!
Dislike !!
Best song💪🏻🙈😍
rudimental & james arthur & puma
Adoro estos panas, son los mejores.
loveism❤
Mist version better
On repeat 💕
Polish like
GHAD
Boa
💙💙💙
The best song !!!
DEL ALMA
esa voz ..
This is just way tooooo good! Love it ☺️
This song makes me cry....so cleansing...makes me think of all the hard times I've been through...everyone is leaving happy comments....and i'm here like...wow...im the only one crying LOL
i felt one direction vibes with this vid
It was released 3 minutes ago and already 480 comments
So good on so many levels. 🎤🎼
Does anyone know who is this guy in this video ? His instagram or smt ? Pls help 🙌
James Arthur is a Pro, and i know he'd be good to work with !
Nice song!
beautiful
Fav song
<3 *;_)
Black supremacy.
Pewdiepie hates u guys
Sponsored by PUMA.
Brilliant 👌
sun worshipping
Thinkyouknowmusic on Twitter brought me here.
*Muj pies ma na imie Gustaw*
👍👍👍
Beautiful
Can't belive why this song have only about 600 000 views! It's so amazing! People are u blind? Idk about u but for me this is much more better than Despacito! Love it!😅☺😊😍
Awesome Rudi
Love it! 😍😍😍
amazing!!!
Fantastic video.  Love it 💗
Love Poland
Dar y recibir amor éso es el valor del ser humano. Que siempre salga el sol para todo el mundo 🙏🍀❤
I wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\n\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\n\nOh, oh, I danced through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (give your love back)\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (shine your light on me)\nGive a little light (give a little, to get a little love)\nTo get a little love back (to get a little love back)\nGive a little light (to get a little love back)\n\nOh, dance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nI sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again (I feel my love)\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\n\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
beware of the church of scientology, it is an evil cult who want to ruin your life and steal your money, your life is at risk if you involve yourself with this organisation\nwatch this film for the truth about scientology\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6oYaMtJln0&t=73s
Great song, greetings from Poland!
Why does the beach song reminds me of thong song by sisqo and the blonde hair
is it just me or is that the pretty mugshot dude
Songs like this remind you how powerful music can be. Putting feelings and experiences into sounds.
Wow! Beautiful song. This song deserves at least 100 million views.
When i heard the song i expected  an exceptional  video but it's not like the one i thought but very aprreceating  work😊😊☺☺👏👏👏
Who's here before 1,2,3,4,5,6 million??\n\n\n\n\n\nNobody....Okay
I'm in love with it😁❤
I just can't breathe 😘😍😍😍
Who is the guy in the video? He's amazing!!
2:35 scar's on the other side of his face haha
i really like the flames.\nbut the song is sooo terrible, this sounds like any other radio song out there,\nthis is an industrial product, not art, it's big pile of pooh in a beautifully wrapped christmas gift box.\n\nyes, and i got paid to comment, like, and subscribe on this \nMARVELOUS FACEBOOK AD SPONSORED (this is how i got here) song
Omg i love this song soo much😍🤣❤❤❤
Sun Comes Up feat. James Arthur
Ta muzyka jest  good😂😂😂😂😈😙
Suddenly the sun comes up
*LYRICS*\n\n\nI wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn a nd I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\nOh, oh, I danced through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (give your love back)\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (shine your light on me)\nGive a little light (give a little, to get a little love)\nTo get a little love back (to get a little love back)\nGive a little light (to get a little love back)\nOh, dance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nI sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again (I feel my love)\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
I don't usually leave comments under YouTube videos but Rudimental, you have done me so proud. The video is absolutely outstanding. Superb. Exactly how I depicted it in my mind. How is that even possible. Not many songs strike up so much emotion within me, thank you for being you, Rudimental❤️
Does the thumbnail remind anyone of Humble?!😂
this song makes me feel happy....thanks rudimental and james arthur your awesome
Best feature... So in love
this song is everything
What kind of puma shoes is he wearing?
Just clicked on this out of curiosity because I've always wondered what kind of people are James Arthur fans. Like, look at me, I'm a James Arthur fan.
who is here before 1 million😢😊😍😍🙌☝
who is dis beautiful man dancing in the video 8D?
2:21 reminds me of kings by Years and Years
love this video for the song!!!
To all deejays, please don't make a remix of this song, you can't do better.
Bizarre. I love James Arthur and Rudimental, why take down a multi=million watched site, to replace it with this meaningless offering.
Whaaat?!? James Arthur & Rudimental!! I'm in love 😍😍😍
Omg love this song so much 😘❤❤
The best song ever 😍💞
Beautiful song it's my jam right now! 😍 so powerful and it lifts my mood every time I hear it x
I spent 3 weeks trying to find this song. i did finally. Shazam to the rescue
Saw James live recently and he was absolutely AMAZING. Watching him perform and hearing him sing blew me away. Turned me into even more of a fan than I was before. Love this song, what a great collaboration! :)
Someone needs to sing this on x factor.
Just Amazing !!!\nGreat job James
James is sooo good. Hi 👋 from moscow
Great songs and vocals that sort of music just makes you smile 😏
I love this song 😘💗
Floyd Mayweather, the swimmer.
I don't deal with girls, owns a strip club called Girl Collection! Lol...
damn i don't even have a peins and i get a boner😂
Floyd's a legend😂😂😂
this channel has like almost 600k subs and he already has community... dang
Give us the Funnel Cake song please
Really starting to like Floyd.  Wasn't a fan before the McGregor fight.  Now a big fan.
whats the name of the song? at the last part of the video
This shit is edited to fuck
First video I ever watched, I couldn't stop laughing!\n\nDiego, You + me + Girl Collection + a ton of drinks ='s The Hangover 4\n\nNow this is a channel worth watching!  Laughs galore!
Is it Rudy mancuso playing the puppet?
I can't tell whose faking
I thought you didn't drink?
This the Floyd people need to know, the real Floyd
1:30 That's the greatest answer you can ever give for that question.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Floyd is awesome. Always treats Connor with respect
he is really fucking hot.
Diego : how many cars do u have in navada?\nFloyd: about 25\nDiego: i have bike ... lol im done 😂😂😂
I thought you didn't drink? 😂😂😂
Lol at 4:22 who the f is that
Floyd is such a Chill guy.
I got a Bugatti right there..\nBicycle.\nRight there that's mine..\nBicycle.\nThe red one.\nBicycle.\nThe red Bugatti.\n\nFloyd. I have a bicycle.\n\nAnd that's my Ferrari right there.\n\n\n\n\n\nFloyd clearly hasn't retired from flexin
Jesus christ, Floyd there's more to life than strip clubs and being very rich \nWord
trump is jealous of diego's .............. ummmmmmmmmm hand  size.
I dont even have a penis & i get a boner 😫😂😂💀
Between this and the ones teaching him the alphabet Floyd is used to talking to puppets
3:02 I woke up my neighbors laughing xD
I'm a big Conor McGregor fan cuz I'm Irish and all that..... But Floyd is cool to I guess but he kinda shows off how much money he has! How much cars he has how much girls he can get!
I saw Floyd Mayweather at crystal palace a couple days ago in Vegas. He was really rude to everybody. I was trying to get a picture with him. Instead of telling me no face to face like a man. Instead he ran to his body guards pointing at me with disrespect. And one of the body guards came up to me and told me off very rudely. And I'm a very very very sensitive person. So right after one of body guards talked to me I started crying and they saw me and they didn't have no fucks. It was a horrible experience.
I though you didn't drink! Hahaha
Oye Diego. Do an interview with Nate Diaz. That shit would be hella funny.
Having one is too close to having none in living by that lmaoooo
That puppet is more of a man than you you little pussy
Having 1 is to close to having none LMFAO words to live by lol
I’m Floyd Money Mayweather I don’t carry $20 💀
And now a swimmer lmao 😂😂😂😂😞
I thought you didn't drink
I like this side of Mayweather
Leave it to Floyd when it comes to pop stars.😂
One day at school I sit at the green team
He can at least spell deep
At least he has a sense of humor.
No kidding lol \nI'm a fan now \nHahahahahahaha \n\nLive long Money
OKAY NOW HE HAS TO DO ONE WITH CONOR 😭
There's the intro  dee deee 
This is the funniest shit 😹
Floyd has a cute face.
He's just dissed Ariana Grande and fifth harmony lol
floid is such a douche bag. And a fucking cheater
Please Diego.. do more interviews...!!!
He is so cute
I'm going there
DIEGO IT IS NATIONAL GUACAMOLE  DAY
Best interviewer
this was funny!!! :)
Canelo sucks. The more I see Canelo the more I like mayweather
I'm Miserable I can'tttt 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Canelo Vs. GGG was epic
no gay shit
Lmfaooo
Better than Elmo
Jeffry wanna be
Floyd mayweather, the former swimmer
Damn May! Crazy motha Fucka!
😀😀😀😀😎😎😇
Fuck dude...they both funny as hell
awesome interview, this really cracked me up.
5:20 banko de alehandro Gonzales mehiko bla bla bla 😂
great interview
TO MANY TACOS 🤣
Great fighter. Reprehensible human being.
TMT too many tacos team.
Who else thinks Diego is Rudy mancuso
Did he fight McGregor
Mayweather a pimp\n1 2 close 2 non 😂
Mayweather awesome for doing this lmao
Love Mayweather
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
50-1
Lmaoo
Deigo needs to meet konor mcreger
He spelt deep wrong😂😂😂😂
Is Diego actually Rudy moncuso
Get fucking divorced
Floyd 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I hate her Floyd... I hate her. LOL
TMT= Too Many Tacos lol XD
Can I borrow like $20
Champions of losing 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂🤣🤣
My names diego
Do Conor megregor
i subscribed
MAYWEATHER SUCKS!!!!!!!!
😂😂😂
Damn Mc Gregor really fucked Floyds shit up, nigga is outside a strip club chatting with muppets
I missed you diego
Team up with sml
'what ever team winning' lol
Ha
What did I just watch....?
Lmao wtf is this though
This really is cringe worthy. Future sounds extra robotic singing next to Cher 😨 It just does not sound right!!
this is actually a great idea for the gap especially since the gap was always supposed to represent the bridging of two generations. that's why they sell seemingly regular clothing that elders wear but often have a young flare to them
beat????
That entrance tho!!! Yasss Queen you betta werk!!! 😍😘❤❤❤
Mi Diosa tan bella😍
CHER ,THE GODDESS
Why isn't this a full song?
Two different generations combining making a masterpiece
Its obvious Future is paying tribute to the Godmother of autotune. Before Tpain and Future it was Cher. Those down south autotune rappers look up to Cher
People who hate on this commercial why go on this video and comment about it ?
so cringe, #neverbuyingfromgap
im not finna play future u better have gotten hella money for this.
Idol meets Icon...great marketing Gap. ❤️ it.
Cher got cake
Wow! Chad Michaels can sing to now
all i see in this commercial are the first 2 seconds lol
I didn't know that Thing 1 could sing.
I can't believe this is the finished commercial - I adore Cher & I think they could have chemistry, but like this? No.
She sounds like a dude
Cher make another CD plssss
When I first seen this I was like wtf did I just watch.. now I'm loving this and need to hear a full version.
someone send kathy griffin into chers attic to see if there is some dorian grey-esque painting up in there.
Qué bonita Cher
Future...you don't have auto tune naturally coming out your voice box bro.
I came here from a different  video because I thought future was singing  with a transgender  woman  🤦🏽
Who saw this as an ad but searched for it to cringe again
future meet future (..she will never die)
What a great out-of-the-box pairing. Love this commercial.
WHO ELSE GOT THIS ON LOOP
No joke this bout to be a fucking challege....everybody remember the barney theme song and the little einsteins. I just can't. Shooketh.
THIS IS SO GOOD WTF..... and no i'm not trolling.... i LOVE good music
Where is the long form version of the song.
Love both of them.
Do you believe in lean after love 🎤😭
DISCOMBOBULATING
Cher kinda thick
LEGENDS
Cher went off!
WTF💀
Cher plz record this song!!!!
aaaahhhhh too much autotune.....it hurts my ears!!
Zaytoven 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Awesome
I was here.
love it.
Dunno whats more fake, chers face or futures voice...
Reaction video uploading !
I hate this.
I LOVE THIS...CHER IS SUCH A COOL BEAN...AWESOME💋❤
They look way too good for this Gap commercial. But I love Cher and Future
God please see it I never see but most importantly never to hear that noise ever again. Start to finish all wrong and why you thought you wanna pan in closer to a 70+ is beyond forgivable.
Yes, that is Cher's🍑in the beginning. I loved this. Cher and Future!!🙌👏
I really wish this beat had an instrumental.
my ears are shitting blood
LMAO WTF IS THIS
Cringe af
Zaytoven, I see you, bruh!
Sweat shop manufacturing trying to clean up its image with a woman that's got more stitches than a pair of jeans. Oh, this world is so predictable. Sell out celebs
Zaytoven
Who allowed this?
bad
Wow!😐 but I ❤ it
A recap for context: I caught this as a Spotify commercial, and it was so disruptive I put on my todo list find the Gap on YouTube to tell them to stop it.\nPlease, never do this again.\nPlease...
For a little french like me ... very ivonic, supernatural. A : this is america video ^^
This is such a weird combination but I absolutely love it. Thank you, Gap!
Cher's face doesn't move from all the plastic surgery. What an ugly freak.
Still looking for talent in this video
the hell is this
they would make a fire tune
By the way Paula Deen Baby You have me hooked on Evine my kitchen is all you SWEETIE THANKS FOR THE GREAT Cooking ITEMS. LOVE YOU TOO 😉😘💞 Brian
WHO OK'D THIS?
I'm here for this song tho ❤
the 90's called they want their commercial back
Hey the King and Queen of Auto-Tune lol....
CHER IS SO AMAZING. 71 😍 and 🔥
OG auto-tune with new school auto-tune. love it
This was definitely produced by Zaytoven
Love the resonance in her voice.
Cher meet the future? But she is still looking like in the 90s 😍, Fucking love u Goddess ❤️
YOUNG PEOPLE NEEDS MORE CHER 😇 THANKS GAP
Yikes. That did not work. Like, at all.
Most people complaining are\nWhites because A black guy like future is featured with Cher\n\nHad this been A light Skin white friendly like drake with Cher \nThis video would have no complaints
Classic meets Current.  And Classic IS current!  Cher forever.  Love Future, too.
I've been reading a lot about how this song is ... insert negative comments about Future, Cher's looks, the use of the song. You get my drift.\n\nI am very much behind the intent of this campaign and I enjoy its imperfections. It's about everyday people. Look beyond the capitalism and think - with all the ugly in the world. It's nice to see old and new come together and just be people.\n\nFor those who would criticize the use of a Sly and the Family Stone song. When are y'all going to understand how public domain is supposed to work? Wow thanks Walt Disney, the world doesn't understand how we as a community, a culture, as people evolve.
Reminds of a typical scene from The Get Down
It's moments like this that confirms the theory that we're all dead but actually stuck into an alternate dimension.
Amazing!!!! She looks amazing and  is a major player in music history. But with this ad, she is ensuring her stamp on pop culture remains in people's radar today and in the future.
Quavo reminds me of the guy in the group project who doesn't do anything, but gets credit for the final mark lmao
Horrible! Who is that dumb guy that tried to sing? Lol
...was he trying to say meet me in the gap at the end of just having a small stroke?
Too much autotune in 30 secs
this fuckin sucks
This is so fucking cringey.
Too much trap and auto-tune. 😒
What the hell is this trash?! I find this to be a very strong disrespect to Sly and the Family Stone, to good music as a whole, and to humanity! Nobody asked for this mess smh.\n\nIf you think you wanna improve on a classic, this is just not the way. \n\n#Trash #Disgusted #Insulted
Is Cher a man??
Honestly one of the best ads I've seen in a while
Guys please if everyone donates something we can get him off the street. I dont have much myself and know how its like. go to his go fund me\n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/helpanthonyoffthestreet
I wish they still did games for Wii U :(
Why why for nintendo 3ds\nWhy not for nintendo switch >:(
I hope platform peril is on here! !!
Any chance we can get a Mario Party for Switch? I'm really looking forward to one!
Gotta love the loads of people that have no idea what they're talking about.
Playable roster: probably the same as star rush's
Why not make a classic or as we say it: GOOD, Mario Party with the remade minigames on the Switch
As an owner of mario party 8, seeing crank to rank made me happy, but at the same time have veitnam flashbacks...\nmy arms just hurts thinking about it...
Release this on Switch -.-. The 3ds is dead.
Mario Party 11 For Nintendo Switch! Who's with me?
Please oh PLEASE bring King of the Thrill from Mario Party 8
The rage that will come from the game
Wouldn't it be awesome if Koopa Kid made a return?
If we're being honest here, I agree with TheBitBlock that they should've done a poll for the community to vote.\n\nAlso, they should release this on both the 3DS and the Switch, because the 3DS version looks like it takes too many assets from Star Rush. Also, it's the 3DS, which has inferior graphics.
I better see Dungeon Duos in the game 😩
I think Hudson has the rights for the mechanics of the previous Mario Party Games (1 to 8)
what about Mario party 11 for Nintendo switch
I hope boo is a playable character
But you have to wonder\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHow did they choose just 100 minigames from Mario Parties 1-10?
Okay but is the board game going to be garbage again like in 9 and 10?
Why is this not a Switch title?
Needs to be for switch
Now all we need is for this to be on the switch
Please bring this to the switch
There's a switch for a reason
this is gonna be an actual mario party game right? not just a minigame collection?
Is it just minigames? Or is there boards too?
I like the idea, but why put it on the 3ds?
This will be the best mario party game ever
i would buy it
Yay, another hellish game Nintendo created to split friendships worldwide!
But do they have DS minigames
Why can't they just release Odyssey on the 3DS?
Bring it to the Switch.
PUT IT ON THE SWITCH WTF
Why is this not on the Switch? I ain't buying this for the 3DS, I wanna play this with my friends.
*sighs* ..... can there PLEASE be wifi this time? No? Well make sure to do it for the next Mario Party game on the Switch!
This is the biggest disappointment of the Nintendo Direct video. It really sucks that this is on the 3DS rather than the Switch. Would be a lot more fun, enjoyable, and comfortable to be able to play on a TV screen with friends. My friends and I like to play 50 turn games. That will not be good to play on a 3DS. The Switch would make a lot more since for this game.
*_ITS TIME TO STOP_*
So this is just minigames? :/
How about the Nintendo switch?
Yes. I will probably get this over the holidays.
is this to a mario party with stars and playboard and a story?
Heat Stroke will be in this, calling it right now.
Come To The SWITCH. Thumbs Ups Boys / Gals... Thumbs Up !
Oh my god. They brought back Face Lifters. I can't wait for hideously deformed Bowser faces in glorious 3DS graphics!
Thank you Nintendo
This is throwback!
No online play, huh?
Yyyyeeeesssssss
Seems pretty cool! It's nice seeing these old games back :)
Plz make this for the switch
Hello Nintendo I'm a big big fan of super Mario I hope you coment me
Is toadette in there plz of not I'll be sad
It feels great to recognize most of these, I squealed a lot during this. Finally looking forward to Mario Party again.
Nice
This better have hexagon heat
No DS love?
Plesseee traigan este juego pra la nintendo switch
ラインナップ見てると半分は思いっきりやってた奴やから感動する
Mario and his classy outfits.
so, the switch= 2joycons with hd rumble= the perfect console for mario party...\n\nand we get another mario party for 3ds.\n\ngg.
Yet another Mario Party game on the 3DS? Sure, give fans something they don't ask for, and probably won't want- check out sales of Mario Party on handhelds, even Wii U's Mario Party had higher sales!! Come on, move on from the 3DS already, quit giving it these pathetic games, they're remakes/ports, or this crap!!
Mario party 4 is my favourite so its nice to see that being represented a lot.
this could be Mario Party 11?
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE ON THE 3DS?!?
So, is this the final Mario Party?
why wont you make this for the switch
Okay, but what's the plot? What's Bowser up to this time?!?
great idea to catch the mini games of Mario old party Nintendo improving with each passing day. Congratulations!
make it for the Switchhhhh
Quero uma versão HD para o Switch :(
I wish Mario Party DS mini games were included
put it on switch you bafoons
Mario party 11...? by Hudson soft?
minecraft, mario top 100, now I need a sports basketball game on 3ds than im set on 3ds
Nostalgia It's Over 9000!
I'm surprised that this game looks good but I'm also suprised that they didn't have time to make MARIO PARTY 11
My god, the beat goes on minigame is in there.
Can this game please have fan favorite boards aswell it would be probably the best mario party \n\n\nAlso make it available both on switch and 3ds and make it so they could play together and to add online
Mario Party 1-3 are the goats
Nintendo, I really love this idea, but I have one question. Why put this on a game console that's on its way out than put it on your newest one? Besides, the controllers could make for a lot of fun ways to play. I'm not criticising the idea, but you really should have (Or should, if you are) put this on the Switch. It needs a game like this. I think that people will really enjoy it better there.
The official Nintendo website says that it will also feature boards. So that's good but.... I WANT AN ONLINE MARIO PARTY ALREADY
Make one Mario Party for Nintendo Switch
Swear to god if Day at the Races doesn't appear in this game...
Nintendo should add the original look of the characters like the 64 Mario Parties
1.- The same graphics from Star Rush\n2.- Finally they removed Island Tour\n3.- No boards\n4.- The cost will probably cost around 40 or 20 for sure..\n5.- Only Minigames
I don't get it, why launch a party game on a handheld that is also at the end of it's lifecycle. This should have been a Switch game.
I just realized that there probably won't be any minigames fro Mario party ds, which saddens me  considering I played that one alot when I was younger
i know its of topic but who are the characters is it like everyone thats ever been in mario party?
Why the 3DS?! I want to play this with friends and family on the TV!
Time for luigi to win by doing absolutely nothing again.
I'm so excited for this game.
Nice :)
Who else misses 8 player mini games?
Omg Wii games! Nostalgia overload
WHAAAAAAAHAAAAAAT?!?!
Badass✊️✊️✊️
ONLINE PLAY NINTENDO ONLINE PLAY
0:09 Revenge from Super Mario 64!
Jim Carrey is right. And these bozos are pawns of the system.
Everybody knows that you can lose a some of your self identity if you have been an actor as long as Jim Carry has. The price for fame. Jim is a pretty interesting personality.
Imagine the money in apocalyptic world
U don't need a red pill to stop being third eye blind. Just a fierce desire to think for yourself & not what u r told! 👌🏼🤔
Carrey was on point...media playing their subversion carelessly.
He figured out that the earth is flat, and he is inside a enclosed dome like, structure, similar to the truman show. I'M SERIOUS!
Dissappointing these anchors are making fun of a man who is AWARE of his conscious subconscious mind and self. To a person that cannot grasp that differentiation....he would appear odd. Good for Jim Carey. He is beginning to see that he doesnt have to be a label. That he is much more than that. \n\n-Lorelei
He simply managed to walk out of the matrix we are living in. Meditation and ask your self what really matters. Don't try to fins answers on the internet, just ask your self true questions and you will begin to understand Jim.
this is so disgusting how these people are being. obviously he's dealing with depression and identity crisis and WHO WOULDN'T when you became a celebrity at the time he did, when celebrities had to be perfect and be the character they portrayed all the time. but most of all, let's remember the fact that this lady's first words to him are asking about needing a date after his girlfriend just committed suicide. i dont think all these icons would seem like they mattered much to you either if your girlfriend just killed herself and you're dealing with severe depression. it's disgusting. leave him alone.
Fuck the media and the news
Jim is next to die them Juden will kill him like everybody else that opens up on them
It annoys me how just because there talking about a comedian there demeanor is like everything is funny. That must be so frustrating to assume the role as comedian and never be take seriously.
Jim Carrey is so over their heads it's too funny yet hey Jim if you can't stand the social programming matrix construct you are awakened to~~~~ why fucking bother showing up to such an event? \n1. Jim gets paid big bucks to do it hence yes he is aware but shows up to social media events to play the new age looney tune to many (HENCE CORPORATE MEDIA TALKS ABOUT) AND THE FEW IN THE KNOW OF THE CHESS GAME MATRIX LAUGH THEIR ASS OFF YET GAINS FEW TO DELVE DEEPER IN WHAT HE'S ACTUALLY SAYING.\n2. Jim Carrey Actually tries within his field to wake others up & uses Corporate Media in Earnest! HMMM......?\n3. Take Jim Carrey with a Grain of Salt in Holly Weird~ IF HE TRULY HAS DISCERNMENT WANTING TO PIERCE THE MATRIX VEIL HE WOULD HAVE LEFT HOLLY WEIRD ALONG TIME AGO~ HENCE A PUPPET PROPAGANDA SIDE SHOW TO DISCREDIT THOSE WHO ARE IN THE KNOW OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMMING! HE LIKES HIS $$$$ LIFE STYLE TOO MUCH TO GIVE UP TO BE A COMMON HUMAN BEING W/ GRACE & DISCERNING VULNERABILITY....OF SELF LOVE.....BEYOND THE MATRIX..... \n4. FOR ALL WE KNOW HE IS JUST A WEBOT PROGRAM FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT TO DECEIVE AND LAUGH AT THE DECEPTION....
Jim isn't talking nonsense. The idea is that the self is an illusion. We cling to a false sense of identity based on where we were born, who we're told we're supposed to be and how we're supposed to behave. I believe he has studied the principles of Non Duality, which if anyone is interested in, look up Jeff Foster and Eckhart Tolle, who give wonderful explanations on the subject. Of course, taken out of context, it sounds like he's going insane, but if you actually pay attention to what he's saying, it all makes sense.
do these people know what he does for a living? why are people so surprise at his remarks.
Fucked up reporters are stupid and shallow as de pit beneath their feet
Reporters were too stupid to comment on his what Jim said....
Making fun of something you all can not understand doesn't make you  look good. Just a bit of advice.
It's the whole point to make woke and clever people look mental incase they cause others to wake
Once in awhile you'll get these actors who all the sudden become very deep and think they've found the meaning of everyone's life blah blah blah and they sound schizo at first but they're just trying to sound way too spiritual lol
They don't get it at all - but have their close ones die, have them lose their jobs, have them spend some time alone and they will soon realise their entire 'identity' was built upon a façade that they never knew existed until they were put in that position, because they have never had to 'look inside' themselves for anything. This is why unemployed people become depressed, this is why when wives cheat on husbands the husbands go off the rail. This is why people who get bullied kill themselves. And this is what is meant by putting 'God first' Not your mum, your dad, your boss, your job, your wife or husband, or purpose - Those things are not a reliable anchor point for anyone and when we attatch our identities to them and they no longer serve us we have nothing to cling on to. Jim is a great example of putting 'god' first - He isn't falling for the trap that he is an idol - like the people treat him as and he has even said once people get all that external stuff they will realise that it does not make you happy. I've been there, Im sure a lot of others have as well and its a weired place to be in especially when you have to deal with idiot people like these reporters who will never understand you
All I see is Jim Carrey calling out bullshit on Hollywood and a bunch of dumb ass reporters not being able to accept that they might be part of the meaninglessness \n#Carreyforpresident
Fashion is an industry and a culture of its own. To dismiss it as trivial is as ludicrous as dismissing comedy or acting or television. A lot of fan boys in the comments, but it's clear to see that Carey is losing the plot. Hopefully he is getting some help.
GO FOR iT JiM!!!❤ you ve got it!
I got every single word he said on this latest explanation.. On the otherside got really scared with the first interview I saw.. More relaxed now, he is not nuts..
Everyones comments are sooo refreshing!!! Stopped watching tv a long time ago because it's filled with this BS! Its good to see humankind standing up for truth and a saner reality 👍👍👍
Jim's in crisis because his wife died... Obviously he's going to act out. It doesn't mean he's suddenly woke or some nonsense, it means he's fucking grieving, you twats... He doesn't have the drive to make people laugh or to vent his emotions since he isn't acting or in movies anymore (previously, those were his vices). He's depressed and he's going through the stages of grief (denial [done], anger [done], bargaining [done], depression [in progress] and acceptance [he will get there soon)... So everybody stop taking everything he says so seriously (or literally). He's not on some higher level of consciousness or whatever the fuck you hippies want to call it, he's fucking depressed. That's why he's trying to destroy his image, that's why he didn't give a fuck during the fashion week interview, or any other fucking interview since she died. Leave him alone and stop promoting this self destructive behaviour, it's not helping him, he just needs time.
there Is much more people supporting you jim 💪💪
It's obvious that Jim is searching for something. The arrogance of these reporters is sickening. So condescending as if they have all the answers. Like they have life all figured out.
I think Jim Carrey is seeing the world like Neo does at the end of the Matrix. He's a fucking genius
Why so serious? He's a comedian ffs.
Right on. We are all one energy, expressed as consciousness.But all they cared about was how he looked.
When ur having a mid life crsis so u accidentally fall into and promote a predatory bastardisation of 'new age' ideas that preys on the mentally ill and otherwise vulnerable through con men like David Wolfe.\n\nOh well done, Jim... most people go through this phase aged 14 or so...
Jim Carrey is a fucking genius, he is truly enlightened. those reported were the fattest nitwits i have ever seen. They totally missed his message it went straight over their heads like they were children.
These Orange fashion people are like... wat R spirit? is it in? is it sexy? FUCK YOU1!?12 KL3EFKLW QHAFASDJKLHFVOIASDHFKL;ASDHFA
Lol at the fact that idiots see a drug fueled narcissist spout half-baked pseduo-intellectual shite and they call it genius and WOKE.
These guys didn't get it.
Look at this asshole talking questioning society and existence! Thinks he's too good for the twelth award show this week does he?! I bet he doesn't even know the current top ten lists of celebrity gossip!
Lol, feeble minded media. We don't understand what he's saying so we'll just ridicule and belittle it
Jim Carrey gets it. These reporters are idiots.
He's trying to describe the Zen worldview, which, admittedly, is difficult. 'Zen is not words'.
Why in the fuck does anyone even watch these TV shows anymore? Who gives a fuck what they think or have to say?????
I don't think they're so wrong. Jim sounds like he just had his first acid trip. In all that infinite wisdom you'd think there'd be something about not fucking up tv shows. Whoa, let's blow some minds at fashion week! edgy stuff jim.
'Was he Truman show?' Lol what a retard
I understand exactly what he's saying....
I want this god of a man to give me anal
he doesn't exist without a role to play\n\nyou took his message of there is no self, only consciousness, individuality is a misconception and we are all actors on the stage of life and turned it into poor guy will go crazy if he doesn't get some work soon.
You idiot reporters will always try to suppress a higher form of consciousness. Guess what dicks, the gig is up! Stick that in your pipe and smoke it!
That shit went right over there head lmfao no body really ever looks at the big picture only the small portion there subjected to
And what was weird about that... I'm being serious, sounded pretty norm to me.
When people can't understand something they mock it. Jim's a genius, you can't expect these people to get where he's coming from, they still have their blinders on 🙈
His interview at Fashion Week plus his response illustrates he's been doing some seriously deep, introspective thinking.  I'd love a book list of what he's been reading.
He has hillbilly bipolar skistifenia he is sick in his mind from this disease
Respect, understanding and knowledge. well said.
He knows more than these shitty, non-introspective, fuck-all news heads talking about things they know nothing about. I feel bad for them and how fast that went over their heads.
I am on board with Jim Carry on this one. But wtf is going on with Jim Carry why the fuck is he all weird and trying to be a prophet lately? Stop being fucking weird Jim Carry. And I don't mean the funny weird. You're just weird now.
the only reporter of the bunch who actually was thinking about what he said was the Blonde girl... The other two dipshits can keep drinking the kool-aid. STAY WOKE FAM!
how is it possible for these reporters to be this stupid
Mass media employees are literally dumber than a box of rocks. Admit that you make a cushy living by manipulating and exploiting tax payers, and change your fucking tune.\n\nEducate yourself. Become articulate -- able to think, form arguments, act and lead. Transcend your ignorance and victimhood. Reduce the suffering in the world. Lead a heroic life.
Of course these clowns will not take this seriously and laugh it off.
Even Will Ferrell's Anchorman would analize this in a better, more professional and deeper view. These people is why tv is finally going to an end. We're done with this s***
wow it's like there are two human races. the ones who have the glasses on like in they live movie. and the others in the dream sleep state who make fun of the people who go deeper
Oh come on its not like he waant making sense
El...ess...comes after c but before e...
How dense do you need to be to make those kind of remarks....disgusting.
What he said is true!
jim knew what he was talking about, he just couldnt articulate it well at that moment
When the illusions of Hollyweird starts to erode......
Wide awake!!!   Love him even more
You can actually SEE the reporters judging him with their rude gestures. Do people still watch this type of reporting?
Lol Jim having a lovely transcendent moment about self and then these glib daytime fuckwhits have to just laugh it off before their heads explode with existential dread.
He made perfect sense...I'm not sure what the big deal is.
Since when has being enlightened regarded as strange...phoney baloney reporters are to faked up to see..
Jim Carrey is Black Pilled af. The man is living on a whole other plane of existence. Many of us cannot simply comprehend what he is thinking, what he feels, and how he sees the world, and frankly I think there's a sublime beauty to that.
I wanna see the whole interview. He probably went on about more truth you dumb mfs don't wanna realize. I was honestly surprised he dropped it so bluntly like that. people aren't ready for it like that. I appreciate him for this though, it makes me happy af to know he's waking people up.
I really want to give that fat prick a smack.
Some of these people may get a grasp of what he's saying when they're starring down death.
Did you hear about the man brought in by the Fashion Police?\n\nThey questioned him over his criminal ties.
He has gone insane.
Enlightened.
HE'S WOKE
God Loves you Jim Carrey.
RETARDS.. FUCKING RETARDS EVERYWHERE
Wise fucker
normies
Lol more thumbs down
Yo fuck these shit shallow reporters!
GIga niggers
consciousness an shapes
fuck these clowns. idiots.
Enlightened much?
Pray this man gets saved, what a sad thing.
Jim .You are a legend.  Keep up the good work. I love his Illuminati exposé on Jimmy Kimmel a few years ago.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG9i7d8yfKQ
It's funny, when he talks no one gets it.  Shows how mechanical the human mind has become. He is one of very few who has seen it.  It never stops once you do and it only progresses through time!  All of us are designed to see it. conchiousness.   It's the formula. You start seeing 4-D and realize we've missed so much. We don't care about judgement at this point because that's one of the biggest weaknesses we've all missed.\n Jim is inspiration for the truth and it allows hope for humanity to try and at least give ourselves the life we deserve. Energy is and we can see it, feel it and guide it
Warning! smoking marijuana can cause chronic and severe damage to the brain.
He's a nihilist so who cares. You didn't have to talk to him.
I don't know why so many people support this idea of his. Anything above procreation is essentially pointless. But these things exist to bring joy and happiness to those that enjoy them, much like movies, music, good food, video games etc... \n\nAnyone who claims a higher understanding and that these things are beneath them is lost in the sauce imo.
Jim Carrey is acting like that college freshman that just finished his first philosophy course. We get it bro, you've elevated to higher plane of consciousness or whatever. You're so woke\n\nTerence McKenna was a fraud and you bought the lie.
Careful Jimmy you could disappear up your own asshole.
He's gone off the deep end.
I'd rather jump off the building than take this long ass lift ride
Floor 01 flickered OK near the end of the video - \n\nSuch a beautiful song. It sounds like it could have been recorded for The Bends, not OK Computer.
There are two types of people in the world. First feel better because of this song, second feel worse. Which one you are?
The floor number at 3:34 flashes OK. Just noticed after seeing this video 10 times
Song is better than the video
no socks, gross. this is such a good tune.  brings be back to listening to the bends on my panasonic shockwave.  anti-skip
i can already see people reading into this until there eyes are sore and red.\noh why cant it be simple a man going to his floor and home\n :)
How the fuck is this not getting as many views as it should, I don't wanna be a pretentious edgy teen but damn, this song is now one favorite Radiohead songs and it deserves more than it's getting, I know a million views is a lot, but compared to other songs this one deserves more
I wish this building had  more levels.
You fucked me up at the end there bro
Lift is like a gift, just amazing. thank you Radiohead.
Posted on my birthday, the day i was i asked to explain what kind of music i prefer. Just saw it. If i had to choose only one concert to be, it would be yours. But i leave in Greece-OKNOTOK. (It looks like a hospital elevator)
Thom yorke : you're safe now!\nAnd I've never felt safer...
Very old school sounding, wasn't really aware of Radiohead too much other than a couple hits but love the different sounds they've been going for.\n\nThe vocals really work well in the mix and sound very much like an older song that I can't quite recall
this version has a clear bassline. \m/
can't weight for the elevator music version to come out. :) Nice Job, Radiohead. Love, The Board Itself Speaking.
These guys Rock!  Only get better with Age!  Radiohead rules!
Look at the display at 3:34 :)..
That woman picked up a fake plastic tree at the beginning of the video, didn't she? :)
Fun fact: At 2:52 the guy that's drinking out of a fishbowl has the same clothes on as the guy in Paranoid Android.
Just take the damn stairs Thom !
Thanks for supporting Israel! AMAZING band!
2:52 Robin, the type of Paranoid Android video
Floor 2 is actually a concept art for floor 13 not-upsidedowned
I've been a radiohead fan for years now, but in the last 2 or 3 I've been busy with all hip hop and pop music and then radiohead comes with these incredible music videos that take me away from everything
he enjoy life so much that's the reason didn't like to come out from it and those all are his excuses that he trying to come out from it but he fail. 😄😄
1:59 -Thom: Phil, This is the place, Remember me?.\n         -Phil: (He just ignores him and goes)\n         -Thom: Clive is better than you 😡
I think this song/video is about how life is like an elevator (lift.) The elevator is the mind and you have people constantly entering and getting off, but you are still there alone much of the time. When they are there, it feels like a hassle. At the end he sees himself leaving, but it isn't him, he's still in the elevator. The lyrics sound more like they're about a child who is trapped and wants to go home. I always thought it was more or less about the afterlife. The lift is the transitionary place between life and death, and something you can't return to. Given that this was written right about at the same time A Reminder (look that one up) was written, I think it's fair to say that the song is about a letter to his inner child telling him everything is ok. The video could be the opposite because he never really lives the lift. I suppose if you really wanted to find a broad connection, you could say that he realizes at the end that he can never really leave. The lift is his mind and whenever he tries to leave it he is just finding someone else, and the scenery is more or less an unreal illusion (A metaphor for consciousness, maybe)
This song may cure Cancer
SunnO)))
素晴らしい
Butut
Hikikomori
FINALLY
Sale el Rafa Garay
The best forever <3
3:27 Flo?
So powerful...
Thoms outfit is nice
waoh ! ;vv
nice mindfuck in the end
we keep the world moving
Radiohead video seems to have attracted the Russian troll farmers.
there seems to be an extra floor between floors 9 to 3
This is the first song i ever heard intentionally from Radiohead and i'm glad i did it.
Is this a new release? I'm sure i've heard it before.
that little girl was a cunt
now i'm falling
Am I listening to an alternative 90s playlist?
I got the feeling that, in some way, every scene is linked to a OK Computer track  ...
Love how the girl presses all the buttons and he's like shiiiit why?
I'm just keep watching this, over and over again
This is why I use stairs.
Some people call me the space cowboy.
Oh my god this is so beautiful... Only Radiohead.
I’ve never heard of Radiohead but I do like me some good Roadhead
2:52 like if you got the reference
Welcome to Hong Kong
I don't get it
Do you know the parka brand Thom is wearing?
0:40 - A fake plastic tree\n1:07 - Guy holding a briefcase like on the Meeting People is Easy logo.\n1:18 - Floor with many Broken Branches, from There There, you know,  from the album with the 14 songs.\n1:41 - Many bald real estate agents chat and chew the fat, from LIAGH, track 11 on Amnesiac, as the floor the last agent steps to. or is it the two that are actually sitting around and chatting on 2:20?\n2:44 - Thom being a real Creep not holding the door to the oldest of all the lift users, like he wants to shut down the door on one of Radiohead's oldest songs.\n2:53 - Paranoid Android video, purple wool hat character checking out the fish bowl scene.\n2:55 - Cat wedding, There There video.\n2:58 - Egyptian(?) dancers, like Pyramid Song (5 people in the shot, Amnesiac is LP5), fka Egyptian song?\n3:00 - Lift technician is Up on a Ladder.\n3:04 - You Never Wash up After Yourself.\n3:09 - I read the video stars a guy from Kendrick Lamar's Humble video, I guess they meant him so he might be a celebrity, or a Black Star.\n3:25 - A white room.., Daydreaming lyrics. That video saw Tom walking through many doors, there's a door there, it's all very white, like the color they flashed their web site, twitter/facebook pages. And perhaps this been one floor before the last, maybe it adds to the Radiohead break up theories, after the last floor is like their last album, lp10 etc.
I didn't expect the ending
Am I wrong for feeling the message is lactose intolerance in an elevator cause cheese farts can get REAL
I don't know how I've been living without this song
Anyone else noticed all the fake plasic trees? ;)
i´m crying EPIC!      T H E   B E S T    B A N D   E V E R!
Radiohead is the best
The only question I have is..\nWhat was in the bag?
What happen with bald people????
I just recently got in the Radiohead ride around 2016 months before releasing AMSP, introduced from Daydreaming and Burn The Witch to The Bends to OK Computer to Kid A to the actual release of AMSP and listening it on Spotify to Watching their other Music Videos to Listening to their other albums to being addicted to their songs up to concluding In Rainbows is their best album ever made to discovering that they have an active fanbase to little by little reading about their history to digging up gems (unreleased songs) until it's addition to OKNOTOK to here. Lift felt like a song to my journey from when I discovered them until now looking back and realizing why haven't heard of Radiohead few years before. \nRadiohead is magical. \nI wish they could like at least release 2-3 more albums before retiring. \nRadiohead is life
fuck me in the ass with a chainsaw\nIt's time.
If I got in an elevator with Thom Yorke, I would abandon anything I had to do, even something so important as drinking out of a fishbowl.
i like Radiohead very much
www
1:37 ... This... IS VOCALOID
Just wow
Mind=Blown
Desperation of socialism?
2:51 Rob
Mayonaise - The Smashing Pumpkins
Lovely 😍😍😶😶😶
funny!!!!
Thom Yorke <3
inspired by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t89uef0I_zo
Thom you berk!
Song + video = masterpiece
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=74572
Dont get this video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4&feature=youtu.be
i wanna kill myself
1:07 fake plastic trees market car
genial
I feel listening the bends b sides...
Nice recommendation Youtube
I love it!
1:50 woah a lot of drummers there
Nice elavator music
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y6vtkmy2
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y94vewc9
Моя песня ТИМУР про Тимати у меня на странице если кому интересно заходите,смотрите👁слушайте🤗
*Sees giant red balloon* \nDamnit now I have to kill this clown...
Please do a panda face reveal
Ig Tyler.worboys07\nPls get me to 100 followers my dream
why does Tyler look like Keem form drama alert
Tyler looks like Ian Hecox
the first 10 000 subscribers
Can you pls make more vidios
Who else wants another Hanzo montage?
Ur amazing
This awesome!!
Nice video :)
I DID NOT KNOW U COULD SCRAMBLE EGGS LIKE THAT
They practice these things for days
I would love to have one but I'm not spending 200 buck on some plastic and string
Oh and the Swissy swish the arrow went through the basketball net 🏀
Its Seema like edit because they always fail and want Perfect365 that what they added to long
What's the point in getting a feeling for them before they do the trick shot perfectly when you know they will?
WHO is the guy behind the panda ?
U guys should do a bass fishing battle
I have an idea: giant frisbee making: hullahopp hoop and folpack 🙌🙋 Greetings from Hungary
You shoulď do hurling trickshots great video this week you lads are legends
Your ridiculous reaction to EVERY shot is so freaking annoying
I like y'alls vids but a pice of plastic is not worth $225 just bc y'alls name is on it and kids that don't have a lot of money is going to want to get that bow and don't have the money to get it y'all need to lower the price
dude perfect should dab not saying i do in like if agree
You guys should make a live~
Ty face look so funny when he do blind balloon buster
This must have took long to practice
I am your #1 fan
I have dudeperfect the game
PANDA WITH THE NO LOOKER
Why the red balloon, the memories of it are coming back......
I love the tricks, but something about the presentation gets on my nerves.
Who's the guy in the panda suit
Guys you should do a football stereotypes video
I like you vids even on Nickelodeon  dude stay perfect bro dude perfect ya
Do a airport stereotype
Where did they get Nerf bow \nI need a dude perfect Nerf bow
Add a girl in the team
Can I do a video with you guys
Now, I'm a fan of some house (and like this song).. but holy fuck the same drop over and oovvverr omfg 😥
Do the nerf bow team battle!!!
Make another all sports golf battle plz! Love the vids by the way!
*Greninja holding that bow* Ha, nerf this! -if you are a fan of Smash 4, you'll know what I'm talking about-
Horrible pricing thier expecting kids to ask thier parents for $200 nerf bow😲😲😲what were they thinking
I like your shotting and any other so i give subscribe and like but not  to much.What i want to see is great if for me because i have imagination in my life.Thank you
You should make a bloopers video like if u agree!😁😁
You'll shoot your eye out.
that was awesome! maybe give a shoutout to Florida after hurricane Irma
unlike your foam aircraft, you've turned into an infomercial. goodbye!
You guys should do pool diving trick shots
Is it just me or does every dude perfect video get on trending?
Do a boomerang video
Do Pocket Shot trick shots \nLIKE SO DUDE PERFECT CAN SEE
who is in the panda suit.
i wish i see dp here..
I like this shit
It looked like the panda was dabing
you should do grocery store stereotypes.           the guy who just goes for riding the cart, the guy who buys all the kids flavored toothpaste, the prankster, the claw machine guy, the guy who insists on doing self checkout with a full cart, mr recycle, the germ guy (always brings hand sanitizer), the gum guy.     etc.
Do Soccer Trickshots with F2
Türk yokmu
i lije the swinging swinger shot..my    favourite
Cool!😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
That was awsome guys thats imposible
I hate how they celebrate somuch
Yes, panda!!!
Plz upload a  video on stereotypes
Panda trick shots!
I subscribed
Dp= double penetration
sorry
Do some tricks with magnets
Fffrf rrrr
hate music on videos
Wonderfollll
Amazing 😀😀😀👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Nice trick shot vidio✌
Hi
do field hockey trick shots
Good
u ga wa TekiiWHAOKURAOU
Why do people dislike?
turn off your aimbots noobs
Video game battle
More swing
Bro Mo
omg are you kidding you doing good tyler
go cody
do overwatch weopons irl
Aim bot
Yes panda!!!
-Hanzo-
The dream!!!
wow...amazing
Tyler's face 3.00
Make a vlogging Chanel
Buy nerf bows, everyone. Dude perfect uses them. Gotteem.
My fav. Is the swinging swisher shot
Subscribers
subs back my channel, please😊😊😊
Yo 22M subs I'm impressed
Target has some great olive booties!😍
https://m.sephora.com/product/modernist-eyeshadow-palette-P392707?skuId=1621176\nThis pallet looks so pretty
Just fab has some olive toned booties!!
Primark has cute olive booties!
Nostalgia strong!!
Please do an update tanning routine tutorial please!!!
15:38 YES
LOVE this makeup look!!
Pallette need more tenacious teal
#21 on trending❗️❗️
Fall try on haul please!
Marshmallow fireside is my whole heart
Get ready for Halloween
Thumbs up for Gucci Guilty... LOVE
Omg you are trending #20 CASEY!!!!
LADIES YOUR PERFECT NATURALLY!\nBO MAKEUP!
Your video was super 👍👍👍👍
If I was rich I'd get all this lol
calvin kelin made some great thigh high boots last year.. link is included. I'm a southern girl with who lives by thick thighs save lives so these are the ONLY pair that ever fit my calfs or thighs ... my calfs are 16.5-17 around and thigh 24 inches I'm 5'7 oh i have the side and just ordered the leather but have tried both and yes they stretch but keep the shape\n\nhttp://shop.nordstrom.com/s/calvin-klein-polomia-platform-over-the-knee-boot-women/4486446?country=US&currency=USD&cm_mmc=google-_-productads-_-33067284389_-_-96751316&rkg_id=h-3d54b3f22f980b7aae3b6a3d24822196_t-1505628857&adpos=1o2&creative=145503081077&device=c&network=g&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIy4HUncir1gIViSaGCh0nRQCCEAQYAiABEgLJOPD_BwE
Love that lip color! Dying to wear thigh high boots! I understand the big-thigh-need-ties problem! 🙋🏼
I got my Olive Booties from Just Fab!!
They have olive booties at old navy 👍🏻
You should try JustFab for booties. They have an amazing selection, I get booties from them every fall. You have to subscribe 😒 but their quantity and quality is so worth it 👍🏻👢🍂
Fall is my favorite season. I love everything about it and I love fall YouTube vids!! All the favorites and the makeup tuts😍
Girl! Go to Kohls.com\nLook in shoes and filter for boots and the color green!\n\nKohls is the only place I've really seen olive boots!! 😘
omg I died when you were talking about the barefoot dreams cardigan. I am going to ask for one for Christmas and I was sooo skeptical at first but everyone raves about them! I think I might go for the robe though because I am lazy. Loved this video :)
Loving this style of vid Casey! More please.🙌💯My Fall essentials are: a Duster Coat, Olive Utility Jacket, a Baker Boy Hat, A faux Leather Beret, Cashmere Jumpers, Teddy Style Coat/Jacket in Forest Green or Tan, Biker style Suede Jacket in Mustard or Tan and anything Pearl Embellished! 🤗 I love the Leaves scent by Bath & Body Works and Sweater Weather but we can't get them in Ireland! Oh & L'Occitane Almonde Body Oil for the win.😘
Just saw a bunch of olive green booties at dsw today!!
when she held up the Nars blush & I thought it was a elf blush 😭
I love you Casey! 😂
Marshmallow Fireside is THE BEST!! I even use the wallflower in my closet😋Love Fall and all your favorites. 🍁💕💕💕🍁
I post three times a week and... I love fall 😂😂😂 AND IM DYING TO TRY THAT HOURGLASS FOUNDATION. 😭😭😭 That Nars blush has got me feeling some type of way too. I'd love to get some more liquid lips, but that's like the last thing I need. 😂😂
Seriously loved this video! I love fall.
I went to bath & body works last weekend and finally smelled marshmallow fireside for the first time and it smells soo good... I should have bought a couple lol
I need to go candle shopping!
Girl. At the end of the year bath and body works has a sale for all three wick candles are 8.50. Yes you read that right 8 dollars and 50 cents!!!!!!! They normally limit you 15 per customer in store only. I went last year and I thought I was going to die.
Casey you seem so chill and awesome like I wish we could just hang out and go shopping one day lol
Yes.....keep doing these, don't mind the longer videos🙌🏼
I'm all about olive this fall too!!! Great minds girl! ⭐🍁🍂🍃🍂🍃🍂🍁⭐
OMG is it weird most of these are my fav things? I feel like we just became best friends 👯
Yaaaay for Gucci guilty 😍 it's so amazing 🙂
YA GIRL GOT THE SILICONE WEDDING BAND 👀👀👀👀
Dude. Marshmallow Fireside is hands down THE BEST candle scent that exists. Period!
Anyone think of butts when she said booty.....no one... ok just me.
Yes! I love these videos Casey they do feel like old school YouTube. You should do them more often.
I'll be your best friend 🙋🏼
The shades in that Natasha Denona palette 😍 Loved this Casey! xx
there's some cute olive green booties on 6pm.com !!
Can you do a review on the fenty foundation
I love the color of the top you have on! Lovin that eyeshadow look too! ☺️
I LOVE THIS TYPE OF VIDEO😍
I love how this video is a mix of everything not just makeup 👌
I come alive in the fall time.   \n\n\n\n\n\n\n     ~the weekend
Can you please do this again for like winter??
Marshmallow fireside and Leaves... the only two fall candles I'll ever need 💓
Need more OG videos like these!!!
Can you please tell us how you keep your hair so healthy!
What ring is that? Is that one of those silicon ones? If so, do you like it?
Just because of the thumbnail, I'm commenting. I LOVE IT.
Hi Casey!! What's a good drugstore foundation brush dupe?
Oh my gosh yes! Those Barefoot Dreams sweaters are so worth the splurge! They sell an actual robe I want to get for the winter. (: <3
I guess I'm going to Forever 21 next payday. You give the best recommendations Casey
Could you do a cruelty free makeup look please?
The Peaches & Cream matte palette is so good! It doesn't look special,  but creates the most beautiful looks. I am so glad I picked it up ❤️
casey DSW has a brand called Crown Vintage and they have the cutest high quality booties at a pretty good price and they have olive ones!
I'm so ready for warm fall colors! I'll be heading to H&M and Forever 21 for some pretty autumn prints. My new favorite candles from Bath & Body Works are Bourbon Maple and Pumpkin Pecan Waffle!
Thanks for candle ideas.  Great video.
Love videos like this. Thanks for sharing!
What shirt are you wearing in this video? Looks super comfy ☺️
Casey I bought some bath and body works candles last fall awful don't burn long not very good scent throw if you wanna try the best dad!n candle company in the cotton picking world candles by Victoria .com the best no doubt just spent 166$
That thumbnail kinda makes you look like you have missing teeth, js 😕
Haha Winter is coming I loved the GOT reference. But I have missed these favorite/essential videos, I hope you make more!!
LOVE this video!!! Those B&BW candles are my favorites! I can't resist them when I pass the store
This video is what I've been waiting for! Fall and casey holmes!?!? A dream! My 13 hour day at work is over and every break i got i watched part of this video it got me thru a rough day!
19:52 isn't long!!!!!!! Lol love ya girl 😁
she always calls those palettes 'made for matte' but they're called 'mad for matte'
Casey do you subscribed to any boxes? If so which ones? Please don't say Fab Fit Fun 😐
Loved this video! Bring on fall!🍂 loved your clothing items!
Haven't watched it yet and want to assume I have none of this
Casey can you start adding food stuff you're liking in your regular favorite videos?
Winter is coming! Yes!
Casey! Will you please do a tutorial/first impressions on kara brooks 3D beauty palates called maskara beauty!
I love marshmallow fireside! That one is my favorite!!!
We can be best friends, fall is my absolutely favorite season, just love it 😉🍁🍂🦊🌾🐿
Loccitane body butter makes my legs so itchy!!!!!   I had to stop using it.
Believe it or not AMAZON has amazing fall fashion pieces!!
Loves this video, my must have is a good pair of booties!
We love your personality and advice on makeup!
UGH my legs get sooooo dry and itchy in the fall and winter 😩 I NEED that loccitane body butter, thank you for recommending!!!
Love all your Fall essentials ❤️
I just found your channel today and I'm SO happy that I did!  I'm a brand new subscriber to your community and I can't wait to see all you have to come in the future.  Blessings to all!  🍂
I loved this! Also another fall must have would be hazelnut coffee creamer 😂 strange I know .. but I really think you should continue doing these !
I love old school youtube! You should do a fall clothing try-on.
15 on trending! You go girl! You're one of the only beauty YouTube I still trust and love. Much deserved
i love your makeup in this! especially the eyeshadow ❤️
The Cinnamon Spiced Vanilla candle from Bath and Body Works smells just like arroz con leche. It gives me all the feels of being in a mexican house in the winter. Lol.
Lol her nail fell off on her right pointer finger.
Luv this video......we need one for every season! Or every month!
uhh, could you drop your video equipment cause your quality is the best i've ever seen on YouTube. goodness, i am in love.
Any small channels want to support each other?
Man, this is awful.
Am I the only one who thinks this is really good?
Remember everything that made Back to the Shack and the White Album great?\n\nNeither does Rivers.
It's growing on me...
Well that was awful.
They should leave the beach music to the Beach Boys
Walking with the Mexicans \nShould I call an ambulance\n\nReally, Rivers? \n\n\n\n\nBecause I would would have called ICE
This song is awful! What happened?
Oh!  First single since they started that I haven't instantly liked. Hopefully grow on me\n.
I feel like I'm in an abusive relationship with Weezer. They made me fall in love with them for 7 years then they started beating me. They'd apologize and buy me flowers and I'd believe them...until the next album when they pushed me down the stairs. And I'd keep coming home to them. And they would apologize, and I'd take them back. This time though, I'm finally packing and leaving. It's been a long 24 years, but all good things come to an end.
While this isn't the greatest song Weezer has ever released, there is no denying this is catchy af.
Man. He's really figured out how to make efficient and catchy songs.
This is just really disappointing, their last 3 singles have all been bad!
My first ever hit of The Beach Boys. Combined with a werewolf. What's not to love?\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeVEbbheUck
I was hoping it would sound like the Beach Boys - like Surf Wax America sort of did....
ugh...make believe had like three good songs on it...after that--it's just sad. sorry.
RIP the time you could say new Weezer is as good as their old stuff 2014-2016
This is the same band that made Everything Will Be Alright in the end 3 years ago? \nDisappointed...
Its a bit like raditude
How do you go from white to this in 1 year?\n\n\n\n\nFeel free to disagree
Rivers does it again.
I wasn't even born when The Blue Album and Pinkerton came out, but I'm still hoping for another Pinkerton. That is the greatest album to one of my favorite bands that I've ever listened to. I can relate to each song perfectly. These new songs are too much like every other song playing nowadays, no real instruments or deep lyrics. Just random noises and lyrics put together into random places. I want the Weezer with the guitar solos and Rivers' personal lyrics. It's a lot more relatable than the music they're making now. I'll always support them, but I wish they'd go back to the good music.
it's not terrible
Well, I like it. Turn it up, it's weezer!
Once they release an acoustic version everyone will like it, just watch.
I love Weezer, I love summer, but why do they only make music for this season??
=w=
My eyes get moist with your tribute song!!!
how you gonna make a song called beach boys without sick harmonies
ugh
it's alright. i guess.
I don't understand the comments praising this song. I love Weezer to death but as soon I clicked the play button I felt my life force being drained by how utterly boring and predictable this song is. Not to mention some of these lyrics, christ.
I like the Beach Boys sounding part in the second part of the chorus.
So after two decent rock records were back at Ratitude. DAMN YOU Weezer.
ughhh. Foo fighters and Mastodon release awesome albums and Weezer release this. Forget this and go listen to Mastodons new EP; its epic.
love it!
Everytime I think Weezer can't come up with a more cringeworthy chorus than Beverly Hills, they release a new song and I realize it's been going downward for more than a decade now. I mean, seriously? Turn it up, it's the Beach Boys? Jesus Christ. So bad. Well, there will always be Blue, Pinkerton, and Green for me.\n\nP.S.: Yes, White had some good moments. That's it though.
I can't believe ... Why they released a song in 2014 saying I forgot that disco sucks ??? It is all lie... Unfortunatelly, I have concluded that =w= is a fake band... they made blue and pinkerton because grunge at that time was yet strong... if disco was strong  at that time, there would not be blue nor pinkenton, but raditude and things like that... sad to say that, but it is true...
Good. Not as good as Feels Like Summer which is excellent but much better than Mexican Fender which is a bit throwaway. New album will probably be OK but I loved White so will probably feel a little let down. We'll see I guess!
THIS IS FANTASTIC!!!  What an excellent chorus - a real cool ode to Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys!!!  Sweet tune!  Thanks Weezer!!
I get some rhcp vibes with the guitar.
Rivers is trolling us all again
It's different, I like it
Would like old Weezer sound to come back tbh
TURN IT UP, IT'S THE BEACH BOOOYS\n\nMost obnoxious chorus Weezer has made in a while.
This is chill... I love it
The verses have nothing to do with The Beach Boys.
Verse makes up for the chorus, honestly not a bad song, just give it a second listen.
The chorus, to me, is an nice and interesting little tribute. And did any of you catch a couple small Murry Wilson interludes (obviously reenacted)? I did and noticed them right away at first listen. (Murry was the father of the Beach Boys' Brian, Carl, and Dennis Wilson.)
The chorus is like an anti-commercial. If The Beach Boys weren't already one of my favorite bands ever, I would've been turned off from them forever.\n\nBut regardless, the verses and bridge are nice, and I'll still be crankin' dem Beach Boys at the end of the day.
it's a hip hop world\n\njust kill me
This isn't bad, it's just bland, it's so mediocre, it's plain old pop. If I wasn't told it was Weezer I wouldn't know it was them. I'm not asking for another Pinkerton, so tired of people saying that, but even Maladroit and stuff from Red blows this away. I'll take Miss Sweeney or Burndt Jamb over this any day.
Wood wee I dress just like The Beach Boys
As a single, yeah, this is weak. Moist makes me uncomfortable. But this is the same band that at one point put out Pinkerton. So like, maybe the uncomfort is intentional?
Very cool song! Show the Beach Boys some (Mike) love... they helped pioneer Americana rock and got kicked (unfairly) into the nostalgia circuit - for what, not playing for some pot head hippies at Monterey? - despite their 50+ years of recording and touring. Summer's (not!) Gone :)
This track is big step backwards for weezer specially when you look at the quality that was EWBAITE and white.
It is a hip hop world isn't it weezer
Guys, it isn't bad! \n\n\n\n\nBut it's not good either.
I like the little jab at Murry Wilson
Is it just me or has Rivers been playing it way too safe for a bit too long now?\nI mean, the music is good. It won't ever not be good. As a whole they're too smart and talented to not produce tunes that are going to make us bob our heads.\nBut it's just the safest music. They're not taking any risks anymore, and due to this, imo, they are lacking the passion that originally brought us to their table.
Nice song, imo. I can't wait till the new album! =w=
Sadly, these new songs don't make me buying the new album...
Nice Murry reference at the end. Nothing will ever top his masterpiece album, the many moods of murry wilson.
I really loved the verses to this song....but that fucking chorus man.It's not something anyone is going to sing along to.
Lackluster, like feels like summer. Except this is slightly better than that song. I like Mexican fender. I'm just waiting for the black album at this point
A lot of people were complaining about the chorus but the rest of this is fucking groovy
I cant wait for the official acoustic version of this
Hate to say it but it's looking like this is the first Weezer album I pass on, absolutely terrible! !!!!
It'll grow on us. Like Thank God for Girls.
Hey, weren't these the guys that made the blue and white albums and Pinkerton
I wouldn't have so much of a problem with Weezer branching out if their new stuff wasn't so inconsistent.
This is...new to say the least
The bass line on this track is excellent but I think the lyrics and the rest is pretty meh. Weezer is definitely going down a more electronic path I mean maybe in concert this would be a cool song to jump around to but it's definitely not my favorite Weezer sound.
Una de mis bandas favorita haciendo una cancion sobre otra de mis bandas favoritas, son lo mejor!! los amooooo, y a los beach boys tambien <3<3
Cancer
U H
HOLY HECK YES
Weezer brought me here
BOP
Much.  Better
weezer はスゴイですね。
Here at 46k
Mexican fender was alright, but this.. Idk.
Genius!
Radi2de?
Love love love it!
NEVER FORGET PINKERTON
Pros: Scott's Bass\nCons: chorus.
ahh!! beautiful
JUST
This is awful
damn this sucks. mexican fender was pretty allright tho
not liking it rivers
NICE
so bland
meh
I'm literally actually smiling because how good this is. Can't wait to rock this on my record player at the beach =w=
If Weezer is looking to gain new, younger fans, this is not how to do it. I'm a fairly new fan of Weezer, I jumped on the train with the white album, and have since gone through their discography. Their first two releases and the white album are all stellar to me. Why, WHY are they so insistent on pandering to a radio-audience?
A nationwide campaign is underway to nominate The Beach Boys for our nation’s highest civilian honor, The Medal of Freedom. This nomination is made possible by a petition that anyone can endorse.\n\nPlease join us in endorsing this petition for one of the most remarkable bands in our nation’s history.\n\nhttps://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-ask-administration-award-beach-boys-our-nations-highest-civilian-honor-medal-freedom\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/BeachBoysMOF\n\n==============================================================================================\n==============================================================================================\n==============================================================================================
It grows on you, but the lyrics are still weird. Makin' my eyes get moist.
Christensen played last season with Thorgan Hazard and this season with Eden and Kylian Hazard 😱
5:21 Your hair Lolllllll troll hzarad
christensen get some fat and he will become super defender with age 21
Center Backs are slower the left and right backs but i doubht david luiz got slower
david luiz shooting is a joke in fifa
Christensen either has really good english or really bad geography cause he doesnt sound like a man fron denmark.
I love Rio
David Luiz 74 passing? What a joke 😂😂😂!!!
@3:59 When you realise Eden Hazard is the man that voiced Elmo
Eden Hazard doesn't play FUT... He put his overall below his Flag, Club, and position while David Luiz and Andreas Christensen got it right. 😂
Crazy how Hazard has the best dribble and chance creation stats in europe with a 76% success rate but has a lower dribble rating than Messi and Neymar. and whats crazier is Ronaldo is only 2 behind him on 90 with only 25 successful dribbles last season
Guys please if everyone donates something we can get him off the street. I dont have much myself and know how its like. go to his go fund me\n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/helpanthonyoffthestreet
Imagine Leicester city players growing from 70 to 80+ from FIFA 16 to 17😂
2:09\nLooks like they're pointing guns at them to make them talk
Am I the only one who would've kept David Luiz's card as he predicted it? I mean sure, he'd be a CB Ruud Gullit with not as good dribbling but it's true that his shooting and pace should be higher.
Where's batshuayi i \nwanted to see his reaction to his stats XD
Do man united next
David Luis is fantastic character. I love Rio. What a legend though I'm not even Man united fan.
Really no respect for david and christensen
The shooting and passing should be more than 64 and 74 WTF?!
Wtf .. David luiz shooting should have been much higher
I love the background music !! On all videos! It's just so classy.
I hate how fifa has a preset of player ratings based on their position, like assuming that defenders have a passing and dribbling between 50-60 rated, thats not fair. \n(IMO: they should do the ratings based on the season stats/numbers of the player)
This was hilarious, thoroughly entertained, more of this please :)))
this is soooo cringy, cuz players dont care about their stats on a videogame...
My friend  everytime says Liverpool is better than Man Utd and the only thing am telling   is 26 years :D
dont you just love Luiz's personality??
FIFA need to improve David shoting it least but it 70
What's the song
What is the song ?
Damn it five INVEST IN YOUR FUCKIN SOUND RECORDING JEEEZZUZZZZ u want it to be top notch but the sounds is fuckin balls...
Rio: anything you're not happy with\nEden: Your hair
That Christiansen sounds bare English
Poor Christensen he looks so disappointed 😟 He deserves more. Even Rio admitted how good his passing is 😡😡
FIFA gives the defenders no respect tbh,shooting and pace could be improved to almost all defenders
These two are really funny man . Damn !
David and hazard seems like they are very good friends:)
The shot rating of defenders are actually a joke just because they are defenders it doesnt mean they cant shoot
Luiz has a better shot than strikers, and he's right, his left foot is mad.\n\nShould be 5* weak foot\n84 shot
How come Rio looks tiny next to David Luiz? I thought they were supposed to be the same height.
rio says one and only hazard yet he has like 10 brothers and luiz and christensen are the truly one and only \n#clownseverywhere
loved how rio and eden called out fifa for just taking the piss
What about David's Hair rating\n\n\n99 LONGNESS     99 CURL\n\n99 BRAZILIAN      99 SWAG\n\n99 DAVID              99 LUIZ
I'm subscribing to anyone who likes this comment and subscribers to me. Just comment done✓ so i can know
66 physical for Hazard is joke. The only way people can get him off the ball is by fouling him. He's not a tall or physically imposing player, but he doesn't get pushed off the ball easily.
COME ON PREM TEAMS IN CHAMPIONS LEAGUE SHOW THEM HOW YOU CAN PLAY LIKE IN PREMIERSHIP. (COME ON!)
The is the thing that slows David Luis is his Afro(keep the Afro David Luis 
I love how close hazard and luiz are
I want more of this pls, show me ronaldo, i wana see his first when he hears he is not the number one rated player on fifa lol
I'm sure hazard already googled his
whats the music at 5:17
ngl i love it when Hazard says because it's true man! to david luiz aha
What did ea take?\nAndreas christensen was in the top 20 fastest players in bl last season and you give him 64 pace??\nAt least 75
pause the video at 4:25 😂😂😂
One and only mate
Surprised Luiz didnt make all his stats 99. \nBut Christensen has a good rating with quite poor main stats.
I'm in the gym everyday man. Lol this was gold!
Am I the only one who was waiting for to say You just got marked at the end
My right ear enjoyed this..
As a Chelsea fan i just want to that Chelsea looks like the best club to play for, nice players and staff. GREAT TEAM! CHAMPIONEEEE💙💙💙💙💙💙
You go gym everyday I died 😂😂😂
Teen eat contain interview scheme pace absence privilege alarm anniversary married wage.
Nice Video Rio!
background song?
FIFA have underrated our boys!!
hazard is a better dribbler than messi
No respect-hazard 😂
Lmao hazard put 5 for his defending lololol
Song Name please
wow... posh accent from Christensen, amazing...
someone finnaly got there ratng right
Funny lads
Mane'-99
Nice more pls
🆗
hazzard is 90 omfg
three superstars mentions christenson\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nokay
Hazard comes across like hes mad banter 😂
David Luiz 😂😂😂😂 Br é resenha demais
Luiz is sooo funny lol
Manchestet united react to his stats ft. Pogba lukaku, de gea,rashford👇https://youtu.be/uQm--Y7b86k
Morata ?
EdenSelf Proclaimed Best Hazard
That sweet mono sound....
Hazard
https://youtu.be/DxkRjTEF_QU
dont lie dont lie
nooooo.. 79? you do gym everyday? LOL
69 physical cb is trash
Hazard Overrated:(
Rio ferdinand man u legend whit chelsea video
hazard always seems so moody
wow christensen
bro, couldnt do united?
First song!?
Hazard's 5 Defending tho
Christensen sounds like hes from London
Fedt at se en dansker i stort rampe lys🇩🇰
In the Premier league there is no player better in individual ability and talent than Eden Hazard.
London is RED#ARSENAL
Raise your hand if you love yourself a good ol' burnt marshmallow🙋🏼😂 This looks Soo tasty🤤🤤
Hi Jemma! Mentioning macarons, I've been waiting for your macarons for veeeery long period of time. I hope there comes a day when I see you baking this deliciousness for us. I'd be thrilled. 🤘🏼 Greetings from Czechia 😉
Aw! I wish I could come. Hope everyone has a fun and delicious time.
I wish I could make it! You should do a recipe challenge where the winner gets to fly to England and spend a day in your shop!
I went to your shop in London on Tuesday:-) you were not there, but the cakes and coffee was delicious 😋. The girl working there with Red Hair was so nice.  X love from Ireland Gemma
Simply delicious!! Italian meringue is my favourite type of meringue :D
crumbly bottom haha
My birthday is on the 17th September I really hope to go to your shop
can you make mirrir glaze cookies or cake
Sourdough bread baking
love ur recipes
Please make rainbow cupcakes
Please Jemma, make macarons!!
❤️❤️❤️
Can you make samoas?!
Yum......yum.....yumi ! <★>
Thank you 😊
Iove your Arabian jacket 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍☺️😍😍😍😍😍☺️
Jemma , u r the best....
PLEASE DO MACARONS!!!!! 😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
Smores alaska sounds great! Or Browntzel Alaska!
This is genius!!
That Cupcake Jemma apron behind you is so pretty!
Yummmmehhhhhh ahhahahahaha
Pretzel base?! Omg 😍😍😍 genius.
😍😊😋they look absolutely   delicious! 👏👌❤️
Omg ur amazing!! Loveee the recipe
early yassssssssssssssssss   ily jemma
Super creative 😍
Can you pease make a macaron recipe? XD
Can we see your vegan vanilla cupcake!:)
앞머리봐~ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 머리동그랗고 귀엽다 스다듬고싶네ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ외모는 뷰티여자들보다 반은못미치네
dear Jemma I'm a HUGE fan and always make an effort to go to crumbs and doilies when in London because I'm from Birmingham but sadly I'm in year 6 at school so if by any chance you could try and o it on a weekend I would be honoured to meet you in person if not no probs and I hope it goes perfectly for you \na GINORMOUS cupcake Jemma fan:)
Hi jemma how are you! Hope you doing well this is minhaz from botswana which is in the continent africa, i looooovvvveee ur recipes so much and they always come out amazing, i use your lemon curd recipe all the time and i also tried your doughnuts, they were so good. Could you please share a recipe on how to make a rose and pistachio cake or cupcakes . Thank you
Can you use a multiple ring tin with removable bottoms?
Awwww man, I'm in the USA, can't get there 😂
In July I visited your shop and it was honestly such a highlight of my trip overseas. I bought your book and I have been baking from it since I got back 😊 my pick at the moment is the  cardamom, lime and pistachio cake! Can't wait till I get to visit your shop again ...love from Australia 🐨🐨
Please can you do a French or Italian macaron recipe video?
Thought the announcement would be you were engaged hence the beautiful ring on your finger ...
i think the mixer broke
I’d love to come, but I’ve got school 😕\n\nI’ll definitely be attempting to make these at some point!!
It's nice to see she can afford some decent clothes at last.
when will you be making macarons?
You mentioned not having access to graham crackers, why is that? Do they not have them where you are? I'm from the U.S.
HA! So funny! I am in London on this date. Maybe i come and try this. It looks so yummy!
Where do I get that brownie tin?? :O
mmm do you think you can send me one to mexico?? hahahaha
another amazing recipe!! 😍😍 thanks for sharing this with us Jemma. ☺
If u haven't allready could u make a carrot cake recipe pls ??!!!😊😊❤️
Doesn't anyone think that Jemma should have merch?! Not like Clothing and popsockets, like Baking Equipment!! Like If You Agree! if This Gets Over 300 likes hopefully she'll DO ITT!!!❤️❤️PS: Those S'mores Look FAB😘
Alright which one of you British millionaires can fly me out so I can try one of these s'mores?
Jemma please show us how to make macaroons.
i can feel my blood thickening already from just watching... gimmegimmegimme
What tins is she using? So beautiful?
I would love to come but i live in Malaysia 😭😭😭to whoever that able to meet Jemma this Monday,please send my regards to her😞
Searching for a flight to London....from Alaska for Baked Alaska .  Now, how to explain my work absence 😉
Can any kind soul advise on the longevity of the Italian Meringues? Like, how long can it be left in the open/airtight container? I've read somewhere that advised against chilling it as it adds moisture. Thanks in advance!
Cannot hear mention of a baked alaska without thinking of that one GBBO episode ...
I'll just swim across the canal than, kisses from Belgium
I live in germany so I dont think I can come ;) still... someday Ill definetly will fly to London and eat one of your cakes or cupcakes. Stupid as it may sound, its one of my goals for the next years :)
How many portions does this recipy make?
So wish I lived closer. These look so good 😊
THE SHOP WAS AMAAAZZIINNGGG!I came in the summer and i was really hoping to see Jemma but anyway I had a chocolate raspberry cupcake and it tastes wonderful! was very tempted to get a lot of cupcakes but oh well. Also got a signed cookbook from Jemma!!!(i'm so happy) Lots of love all the way from Hong Kong.
Where's the japanese cheesecake recipe? :(
Jemma. I am making a cake for my guy mates 21st can you do a tutorial for something along these lines
Been waiting for new video these past days and this is endangering my diet week 😅
How to basic is better lol is my sis subscribe to you
Oh my gosh. I wish I lived somewhere near your area 😭 I'd love to meet you and have a bite of that Alaskan heaven!
i genuinely cannot understand how you cooked the brownies instead of just eating the batter
This looks absolutely divine!! Why can't there be a CDS in Connecticut! :(  how delicious is this! Im craving it so much lol
Burnt marshmallows are the best smell ever.
If only I wasn't living on the other side of the world in a totally different hemisphere. Oh wells. Hope you come down to this side of the world soon!!!
Wish you make your square cake one Thursday xx
The one week I leave london this whole summer... Guess we're cutting this trip short.
Hi Jemma. Can you store those in the freezer for a couple hours before serving or does the meringue crumble/fall together in the cold?
I enjoyed your background music today.
Can you do a French or Italian macarons recepie
Wish I could come on Monday, don't even live that far but it's GCSE year and I've got tuition so I can't make it 😭😭😭
This looks like the ultimate dessert ever! I really hope to finish work and the pick ups easily so we can come by your shop and have a S'mores Alaska! Have fun!!!
I'LL BE THERE!!!!!
love that top on you and great recipe! : )
I couldn't help but notice the apron behind, just casually hanging, it looks supercool  😍\nAnd I'm definitely going to try these, hope you'll give us that ice cream recipe someday aswell 😊
These look soooo tasty! Thank you for sharing! What vanilla extract do you use?? It looks amazing!
Too bad I live in Nova Scotia, 'cause I'd be there to eat one of those delicious looking creations if I could! Yummy! Guess I'll just have to make it myself
Hey jemma i was in your shop yesterday but you weren't there and i had a salted caramel cupcake and it was amazing!!!💖💖 i do wish you were there though😯
Can I ever get bored with watching you Gemma? Even the little things you do are lovely. Keep it up 😊
Wish I could come on the 18th!!! Love this recipe. Looks delicious! Love from New Zealand, Jade
I will be there!!
Ok now I hope I won't work on Monday
cant make it im afraid, its my wedding anniversary so celebrating with hubby but I wish you masses of luck in your new venture x
aww gutted i live in nortwest england, cant get down to london. would sooooooo love to visit your shop. xxx
Oh my 😍 another one I will have to have a try at making, thanks Jemma😊
I'm still waiting for the snikers brownie recipe 😣😣😣😭😭😭\nThis smores Alaska looks so delicious, I'm gonna have to make myself cuz there's no change I could travel to the shop in London ( I'm from Nicaragua)😭😭😭😭😭
Solo saddd I wish I could come but I live in South Africa and I am writing exams whyyyyyy whyyyyyy!!!
So happy you have uploaded I found your channel a month ago and subscribed straight away ! Every day I rewatch your videos and I'm so happy I get to hear you amazing voice again today! ❤️❤️❤️love you Jemma xxx
Jemma I love yo so much! but i am not from england..😓😧i wish i can come❤❤❤❤
I'm so jealous that I can't get one, they look amazing. Wish you could send them to us in the United States.
Noooooooo...I live in Canada....dam...😩
Your jacket is making me cringe hard
If we don't have blowtorches is there an alternative
so fast that at 0:59 the frame couldnt handle the pixels
I like turtles
when water rocket is much cleaner and cooler than fire rocket
not fair car didn't even try :(
Must have been the Taco Bell
It doesn't make any sense. I love it
kph? Where's the meter, Muppet?
2018 Geneva motor show: Introducing, water heater powered cars!
So what?
Why the fuck was there a car PARKED in front of the run?\nThat is so fucking stupid in so many ways. Idiots.
Pressure that would blow the observable universe.
That is how you fuck up the track for the next guy
Wow, the 60 foot time is in the realm of Top Fuel dragsters!\n\nAnthony.
Impressionnant !!!!! Je suis resté scotché devant l'écran !!!!
Jeremy Clarkson eat my dust (water)!
Awesome, unbelievable
you my friend... are awesome..
FOOSH
TSACH
Привет пикабу)
C'est malade : 5g. Mais c'est pas le future de l'automobile. Pas d'autonomie, utilise trop eau et l'hiver ca ne marche pas.
Amaze-balls!!! Good job.
Faaking hell.  that thing is sweet.
Humans are amazing
Tesla 0-60 2.9secs \nWater powered trike ..Bitch please
Awesome. Did you have to raise the seat or put a dent in the water tank, 'cause you gotta have some seriously big balls to ride that thing! \n\nJoking aside, you should try a go fund me (or similar) page to crowd source money. Post your videos and link to them where you can, and provide links like you do for all your current sponsors/helpers.
0-100 kph in 0.55s....man that is 18,5 G´s!
BRAVO FRANCOIS !  Impressionnant l'accélération de ton trike ! Maintenant tu peux t'aligner avec des DRAGSTER TOP FUEL au NITROMETHANE.Je pense que tu vas pouvoir établir d'autres RECORDS !
Yeaaaahhh... so much POWEEEEEERRR haha
Hillary for Prison
With the oil diesel gas companies, we will never see cars to move with water because of the ELITE . By the way i like when ELITE say stop the polution of the earth , but they don't let the people with knowlege to give the technologie to produce cars that use water to move. So the ELITE think we are idiots, but they don't know, that we know friendly enviroment ways to use vehicles, and that means we are not idiots, we just pretend we don't know nothing. So tomorrow again let's fill up with gasoline in our car's and keep up the polution of the earth. Funny story ha ?
Glad I'm not the only one who basically doubles the amount of garlic in any recipe. Extra garlic is always a must
If your away again with Lilly and you don't want the same videos as her.  Why don't you do a room tour video and view and what you ate in a day.  That would make up another video.   Or a come shopping with me in whatever place your at.
Whenever I make something with potato, before i put it in the curry or soup etc , i put the potato in the microwave for about two mins, just so speed up the cooking process because potatoes always take so much longer than everything else ! Great video, and love the coat xx
Hi Anna - OMG I just watched one of may fave celebrities in the Philippines and she mentioned you in her last video - she is a fan of yours!!!! Kris Aquino is the Queen of all Media in the Philippines - she subs to your channel. Be great if you can do a colab with her - that would be awesome. Her channel is https://www.youtube.com/TheAquinos
Hi Anna..Ms. Kris Aquino is a fan of you and wants to meets you. \nhttps://youtu.be/HceqReOKTQc
Just went to the gym for the first time in weeks and now this video pops up, guess this is a sign to live healthy again hahah - EVERYTHING LOOKS SO GOOOOOOOD 👅👅💗💗
So healthy and INSPIRATIONAL!🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
150% obsessed with that coat!! xoxo, caylie
no joke eating a Block of Cadbury milk chocolate while watching this
Anna I love how honest and normal you are. Brilliant video :)
A curry and GBBO 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Cute nails!!
love these videos anna!
Anna can i move in with you?? I'm always wearing my dressing gown at home and everyone tells me off! They're so cozzzzzyyyyy!!
Quick tip lea and perrins contains anchovies
1st world problems - and Tesco sell lemon and poppy seed muffins. 🙄
❤️❤️❤️
Love this 💗
Love this so! ❤️
Cinnamon Grahams are life
That soup looked amazing , defo making it tomorrow 👍🏻
Is pizza junk food? 🤔
Love this videoooooo x
Pickled onion monster munch - throw back!!!
Byyyyyeee, love you--cutest cutest cutest bean\n\nI love theeeeese eeeeeee
I am SO happy I've found another Flamin' Hot Monster Munch obsessive. Everyone I know is all about the Pickled Onion (Vom!) 🙌
Loved this Anna!
more WIEIAD videos pls!!!!!!
Great vid subscribed 👌
I always cook more soup to freeze. Usually in autumn my freezer is full of variations of soup 🍵
They have Great British Bake Off on Netflix here in the States and I couldn't stop watching - absolutely love it! 🤗
You need to clean your shower head. Put some white vinegar in a ziplock bag, stick the head in the bag, use a hair tie or rubber band to secure the bag , keep it overnight and it will clean itself, next morning just scrub it a little and it will all clean
I'm eating McDonald's and watching this 😳
OMG i've been using estee's soup recipe for years too! love it! hahah
Anna, really miss your evening get ready videos like the one you did in Paris. You did such a great job and the editing was amazing. Would love to see more!
Love your fashion sense so much :D especially the dressing gown :D
Would love to see more of these videos 😍
I love your What I Eat in a Day videos. So many great recipes and meal inspo.
Aaahh that music you use, so relaxing. Makes me think of being at the beach, when I really should be working right now haha
You should get an immersion blender. Saves so much time for soups like that. You can throw in the veggies straight away and then blend it in the pan.
The link to the soup recipe doesn't work, but I'm guessing it's the Power Protein Soup 😏 \nThanks for the inspiration Anna, you just gave me a good idea for lunch and dinner !
That soup look delicious, I'm gonna try it myself!
What size coat did you go for ? Is it true to size ? X
Love your food vids as usual! But the vocal fry was very difficult to listen to .
I love this kind of videos!!
i could watch you for hours and hours!! Love videos like this, more please :-) and by the way: the coat is GOALS, i will order as well. Just for reference: which size did you order? :)
You're my favourite youtuber and absolutely love these chilled types of vlogs! Especially what I eat in a day! ❤️ much love x
This was motivation for me, thanks 😎😇
Your hair is looking soooo glossy and lovely! Updated hair care routine?! x
I love your nails in this video! What is it?!
You are truly a role model. Your vlogs are my favorite !
For a girl who has eaten loads of junk food you look fab!! Love that coat x
Thanks for the healthy motivation.  I've been on the junk food train myself.  Vegetable soup looks so yummy.  I love your new coat too!
Loved your throw back to Barney the Dinosaur haha! Great video, super hungry after watching this now :)
Yet another cracking vlog! Thanks for being incredible with the content... and just in general! www.byharrison.com
Anyone know where you can find a coat like this but way cheaper??
If you love cinnamon grahams, you might like this recipe for grain-free Almond Cinnamon Crunch cereal. It's seriously SO GOOD. Plus the little squares are cute and you feel so accomplished having made your own cereal that's not muesli or granola! https://www.mynewroots.org/site/2017/08/cinnamon-crunch-cereal-hemp-milk/
Just to let you know worcestershire sauce isn't vegan as it has anchovies in it x
Your life is so soothing to watch. I love the coat! I'm looking for a coat just like that except with buttons.
You have a good attitude about food 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻\nBalance is key 🏆
We love your What I Eat In A Day videos! You always have the best recipes that we like to try out. Also, that cost looks incredible on you!\n-Ash & Shelbs xx
I just found your channel a couple weeks ago and I've been catching up and absolutely love all of your videos!
Hey Anna, have your ever tired mixing your Greek yoghurt with protein powder? I have it all the time and it is amazing for the sweet tooth 👌🏼 especially if you the 0% fat rage Greek yoghurt. Definitely give it a try, especially vanilla protein 😍 xxx
Love that coat!!! What size did you get (for reference, not nosy 😬)?
Could you do a video on your favourite cookbooks or recipes?! I'm stuck in a rut with food and needing inspiration 😊
Im eating pizza off of the oven tray while watching this x
Saw the apricot,thought I'd let you know you have a subscriber from Armenia,the homeland of apricot 😊❤️🇦🇲Apricots are amazingly healthy!
All I would love right now is a Dairy Milk Chocolate Bar ngl!! 😂😂
Hi Anna! I microwave my potatoes first to make sure they are soft. Just be sure to stab them first. I can so relate to not everything cooking and coming together at the right time. Most recently for me it was some lentils in a veg chili.
Drinking wine and laying on the couch while watching this.... I noticed you sure know how to cook Anna! You cut things properly and not just pretend (you won't imagine how many of my friends still can't cook!)
Boil your potatoes before putting them in a curry!
If you want potatoes to cook on the stove you have to add liquid otherwise it'd burn before they cook. Also dice them a lot smaller. But man That soup looked so good! I add Worcestershire sauce to everything too lol its so savory and delicious
you always look so chic, loveee the coat 😭😍
Is there a glossier haul coming then?
Gotta have that balance! I bought some chocolate on vacation so I've been treating myself to a piece (or two haha) after meals..but the meals are healthy at least!! :) The vegetable curry looks so good too..and I'm loving that coat.
Anna I keep trying to subscribe to your newsletter and I never receive the confirmation email. I've tried on different days and it just won't work. Just thought you should know in case it's an issue on your end. Love your videos xo
Hey Anna  I <3 your videos. \nAre you planning to do a haul for capsule wardrobe? That would be helpfull. And also some tips to buy clothes that are current but not too trendy because next year they go out of style!!!
I could not relate to this anymore right now! :)
That coat is everything I have ever dreamed a coat to be ✨ NEED IT
Girl you bring joy to my heart ❤️.. and that cookies looks amazing 🍪 🤤
I love these kind of videos!  And I love it on Wednesday's when I wake up there's always an Anna video waiting on me!! 💕💕
Not Lazy! Judicious use of time. :)    Life's too short to waste time making rice
Waiting for your house tour video ...
the food looks great!
Potatoes cook faster in water than in sauce. Done the same thing. I think its better to pre-cook them first and throw them in last :)
The picture of that cookie toward the end look ...so GOOD !!!!!!!! Lovely vlog as usual. xx
Thx for being honest!! I feel like a lot of youtubers upload a what i eat in a day and only show the good stuff or pretend to be super healthy and eat super fancy things and small portions only. 😒\nOn another note: the coat is super pretty 😊
I just went out to the kitchen, picked at a packet of cooking choc chips without any control/ awareness. I have no idea how much I had....What is wrong with me? :P
I LOVE THESE VIDEOS
And now I'm hungry....;-)
I love your What I Eat In a Day videos! ♥
Nice Vans Anna! Love your foodie vids.
Loved this 💕
Anna! You didn't show all the chocolate buttons you consumed while watching Bake Off!
Please stop being so self indulgent and talking about yourself.
What's your take on the new GBBO hosts? We're so stressed out about it here in the States!
Liked it before watching it cause I love what I eat in a day vids/vlogs 👌🏼
Wow, you're so lucky to have the cherry bombe cookbook already! So excited for it in October! I totally recommend their podcast, it's awesome!
Your voice is annoying
Stock cubes aren't exactly healthy. Just make vegetable stock from fresh vegetables and freeze it.
What's really respectable is she only talked about rejecting her writing credit for one of her biggest hits (My Life Would Suck) because she was directly asked about it, she wasn't trying to brag or show off but just bring light to an issue that is very important and relevant in the music world.
I love how she was asking if the host's dad is ok after the cancer. Shows she really cares about people even interviewers and not just focusing on talking about herself! :)
9:10 Dr. Luke's part
Kelly Clarkson didn't want her name near Dr. Luke. So she lost out on thousands maybe even millions for her writing credit. That speaks volumes!👌🏼
Amazing woman! Her ideals are really strong.
I love you Kelly.
kelly is a motherfucking womam!!!
Whoah! I'm too early!\nFirst comment? LOL\n\nKelly though...this was a fun interview and I love Kelly so much!
Yasss miss kelly we stan
I have always liked her
Mad respect for her.
Kellegendary Clarkslay. Classy woman. So sincere. I love that she answered the Dr. Luke question, most people would've dodged it.
i can see she is secret bff with Adele
I admire the fact that she said singers change an existing  song slightly and then will request a writing credit on a song which implies to the listener that they may have had a bigger part in writing the song than they actually did. I've listened to so many songs with artists having their  name in the writing credits and  years later I hear the recorded demo of the song with the true writer.
Kelly is incredibly talented, classy, modest, gorgeous woman, and this is where I could continue, but.... Thank you for being honest about Idol and Dr Luke
She is such an amazing person. My favorite singer EVER!
i really enjoy this radio host- this is the first time i've heard of him (im australian) and honestly i've never seen someone so interested and whole-heartedly enthusiastic about his job or his opinions or anything like that. props to you dude
Kelly is all american dream!
RIP Eric the Actor
Love her!
Why didn't she take the writing credit and just donate the proceeds to charity? Instead the money just went to Dr. Luke and/or her label...
Fat
Who's been a fan since his first mixtape  KILLER INSTINCT  ? I'll wait 🤤
https://youtu.be/SDjwJnUylPg
😩💕
Straight fire
Aye!!!
sure bwoy
U running my pussy dry bryson😂😂
Yay Bryson
bryson just real with hiz words
👌🏽
Bryson always brings it ❤🤴🏿🔥🔥
Finallyyyy 😍😍
bryson go in
Lebron sings?
Best song on the album
I'm not gay but his voice is hella 💪👊🙌👌
I'm pissed I haven't heard any of Bryson's new music on the radio. 😡
Is this a Darkchild beat? This is a sick beat. He could have done better with it.
People said to me that this album, was kinda whack...I'm trying to find the whackness...and nothings comeup
I think she love me, 'cause I got the check on me\nWan' spend the day and flex on me\nPut a curse and hex on me\nScratch out my name, put the X on me\nYou should come check on me\nTalk dirty and caress on me\nFuck it, might as well get undressed for me\nLove how you get that pussy wet for me\nPut a lot of stress on me\nYou used to obsess for me\nCall the station and request for me\nYou done went and got a big head on me\nYou're running me dry\nOh girl, you're running me dry\nCried my last tear drop\nSaw bad when I told her bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down, I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nOh, you tryna roll\nLet's go, let's go, yeah\nOh, you're the reason I even\nSaw bad when I told her bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nAy, ay, ay, ay\nUsed to break my neck for you\nSpend my paycheck on you\nPut my account in the red for you\nDamn near put myself in debt for you\nYou made me obsessed for you\nThought I had the same effect on you\nCouldn't see I was the best for you\nNow you gotta figure out what's next for you\nNow you feel regret, oh do you?\nBaby, I could care less for you\nTrust, I'm not even sweating you\nYou ran me dry, better yet it's still you\nOut of respect for you\nI curved bitches on the internet for you\nI, lost all respect for you\nBaby, it's my turn to flex on you\nYou're running me dry\nOh girl, you're running me dry\nCried my last tear drop\nSaw bad when I told 'em bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down, I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nOh, you tryna roll\nLet's go, let's go\nOh, you're the reason I even\nSaw bad when I told her bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go, no no no\nLet's go, let's go, go, go
Trap soul will always and be forever his best album🙌🏽🙏🏼💯
I got a pnd vibe off this
The song doesn't match with the music video but the song is good asf tho
how can people still sleep on my boy tiller?
That's a shame this video should have about 70+ million views rn😒 put some respek on his damn name
https://soundcloud.com/basit-baddwi/sets/melodies-mixed-by-gerv\n\nGo listen n tell me what u think^ I think it's time to blow guys 😁
I see beats is sponsoring niggas now. They also sponsored lil yatchy's better music video
WHY DID HIS WHOLE BEING MAKE ME MOIST AT FRAME 0:33?!?!
the beat is everything
Know anymore songs that'll make me act up like this one 😂🤔 tell me pleeeease
here before 2 mil who else???? SUBSCRIBE ME
I swear let me meet him I will die lol in love !!!!!
4,000 of these views are me.
I'm suppose to be binge watching all new releases from my fav artist but I can't stop replaying this song like damn this song makes me wanna give someone a lap dance etc etc x'D
First video without the hat
pen griffey is who i'm going to the next time a girl screws me over.... you guys have no idea how much these lyrics relate to me at this very moment!
Meh to the video
He has the nicest fans
This was a slept on song on the album
I'M SCREMAIN I BEEN WAIT IN FOR MY LOVE TO RELEASE IT💞💞💞💞💞💞
Video cool or whatever but don't really match the song mood.
Why does this only have 1 mil views
When you're dancing and having an eargasm at the same damn time. \n\nOn. Repeat. Most def.
love the song. video is dead boring tho. i hate when you picture one thing in your head before the video comes out ( beach, palm trees, some afro punk dancing. idk. the rhythm screamed for some jamaican synchronized dancers) buuut what do i know...guess not. 😭😂😂
This definitely would have been a summer hit if he released it during the summer. 🔥💯 So underrated it's CRAZY!
Fun Fact:\nWhen you google Bryson Tiller, you cant find a picture of him smiling like a normal person.\njust him doing some lightskin shit.
i think she love me cuz i got the check on meee!!!
Yassss The God Tiller is backkkkkk
here fore 1 million
ITS FINALLY HERE AJBCOWJBVOJEF
Dope tiller 👌
At 1:02 Bryson low-key sounds like Chris brown
é hit❤❤😍
Addictive
JUST TOOK IN THIS WAS POSTED ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!  AND I'M INLOVE WITH ITTTTTTT
Didn't realize how fine he was 🤤
Banging in the uk
if you want to Make a cover, you have a free instrumental of Bryson Tiller - Run me dry IN MY CHANNEL 🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥
This My Fav Song On The Album... Glad He Made A Video For It
i am inlove with this.
dude u were born to do music
good vibes!!!
whos here befro 67 views
😍😍😍😍😍
Afro beat😍😍
Ayeee!! 🔥🔥
It’s greatttttt
This nigga looks Like LeBron James 😂😂 Rs .
voice lovely~!
DADDDDYYYYYYYYYY
I LOVE THISSS😫😫❤️❤️❤️
Worst Tiller song.
here before 2 mill ahhhh 😍😍😍
LOVE IT ;-)
I fucking love you ❤
Why ever since one dance / controlla everybody thinks it's cool to make these generic reggae vibe songs?
Mate this is my anthem
At first was like.... Then was like ighttttt
I remember when don't came out and you started getting famous like I've been witchu way before that and just looking at how far you've come is amazing 😭❣️👏🏼
I'm addicted to his vocals they make me feel some type of way
He killed it on this one
Me: *scrolls thru YouTube and finds the new music video for 'Run Me Dry'*\n\n*screams*\n\nMy mother: *comes into the room worried* \n\nTimi are u ok? What happened?\n\nMe: Oh I'm fine it's just Bryson Tiller released a new music video.\n\nMother: So that's why you were screaming as if someone died? \n\nMe: Yeah, sorry.\n\nMother: *rolls eyes and mumbles under her breath* \n\nJesus Christ
Girl in this was soo bad, who got her insta?
I had no idea this was Bryson Tiller song
damn this shit reminds me of my ex
Aight..Its got a groove. Hope u like this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjeqfunY5MA
Is it jus mi or does Bryson look ah lil like dah man from Get Out
this song is so cute😘😘
Who was listening to this song before the music video
I played this song to DEATH when the album first came out. It's an addictive tune.
I love this man.
Go to:  www.realweedshop.com\nBuy Weed Online,Strains for medicinal purposes\nBuy Marijuana Online
Such a tune should be so much bigger
Am I tripping or he almost doesnt look like himself lol
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SINCE THE ALBUM CAME OUT!!!!!!!!!
Love this song!\nTiller you never fail!!!
Soulja boy matured perfectly now singing an killing it 🔥
Somebody​ call the fire department 😍😎
this song makes me wanna tell a librarian to be quiet
so reminds me of my ex, every word. i dedicate this tune to her.
MatPat should be a song writer
Okay okay can someone clear up my doubts or is it that MatPat was wrong? Hercules is the direct son of Zeus right?(Herules being the mortal son of Zeus and Alcmene) So this means that if we put it in the family tree,Kronos being the first generation, This means that Zeus is the second and Hercules is the third right? But then what about Ariel's case... She is the daughter of Triton who is the son of Poseidon, brother of Zeus. This means that as Kronos is the first generation, Poseidon is the second, Triton is the third and Ariel, being Triton's Daughter is the FORTH. Doesn't this mean that Hercules is NOT Ariel's Cousin but is Ariel's Uncle? Or am i just mistaken? Sorry just a pet peeve cause They are proven to be blood related but MatPat said they were cousins, which i'm trying to justify.
Alex is a stupid nigger
Do a theory on how evil morty is president morty
Oh my believe me  Greek mythology is very  big Even when you are little and you need to learn it and I'm Greek
Sooo… technicaly triton and hercules are cousins, that would make ariel his neese
Wait...\nZeus' wife is his SISTER?!?!?!?!\nThats some real flowers in the attic shit right there
How is this even a theory?  If Ariel's dad is Poseidon and we all know Hercules is the Son of Zeus then yeah, they are cousins because Zeus and Poseidon are brothers. I guess they both would be related to Wonder Woman as well.
Tumblr beat you to this by like 3 or 4 years
Whoa! No! Don't usually comment but you lost me at 6:42!\n\nWe don't get the clearest look at the ship that's carrying Agnar and Iduna but from the shape alone it looks like it could be the same sunken ship Ariel is looting...\n\nNo. You base the rest of the video on this single sentence that is filled to the brim with supposition! The Theorist's worst enemy! It COULD be the same sunken ship? Based on... what? A vaguely similar design? Everything to this point was wonderful and well researched, but everything beyond this point was simply silly.
I hear a new Pixar theory incoming! (More like Disney)\n\nPixar theory: The theory that all Pixar movies are connected\n\nDisney theory: All Disney movies + Pixar movies are connected.\n\nThat is one huge theory MatPat. But you can do it!
I'm pretty sure this was in the Frozen theory and probably mentioned in the comments, but there's that theory of Tarzans parents being Anna and Elsas parents when they capsized.
its just a cartoon anything can happen
The intro was beautiful
They are related because Poseidon and Zeus are brothers and Hercules is the son Zeus and Ariel is the daughter of Poseidon so they are cousins.
Yo, MatPat you do a film theory on the Polar Express and you should do something about the badass ice scene, where the Polar Express's track has been covered in ice and it somehow still operates. That'd be a very interesting video!
Link Zootopia into that chain. I CHALLENGE you.
Don't forget Tarzan!! Remember, it's cannon that he's Elsa and Anna's brother.
Except that particular ship isn't in the little mermaid, it's in Tarzan. The wrecked ship baby Tarzan was found in is confirmed to be the ship in Frozen by Disney themselves.\n\nCheckmate.
Hey does book in the it movie exist?
TARZAN!!! You forgot Tarzan being Elsa and Anna's brother
Disney Characters can't just show up in another film for 1 scene without some extreme elaboration from people like you? So Disney had fun making scar into a rug; there's no need to analyze that.
do film theory ending to IT
I already knew that they were related because I AM THMART!! King Triton (Ariel's Father) is the son on Poseidon. Zeus (Hercules' Father) Is Poseidon's younger brother. MYTH CONFIRMED
Do a theory on how much editing you add per episode
I liked this video just for the fact that someone, SOMEONE, finally mentions the difference between Heracles and Hercules. Like everytime someone makes a movie about Greek Hercules, I lose my mind
Okay now gimmie a theory talking about how Gaston is a good guy and the real victim, poor gaston 😞
He forgot scare is in Hercules
You.....didn't......like.....DIGIMON!! Unsub Lol. Just kidding. I know that nobody but me liked Digimon :(
*cough cough* Tarzan is the true King of Arendelle #facts
You bastard i stabed my pc with my trident and now my monitors broken
Still wait for a steven universe theory
the little mermaids mother died
I wan dancing to the intro when I hit the fan... then I kept dancing
But MatPat, what about Tarzan being the Brother of Rapunzel and Elsa?
That's basically what the Bible tells about also, is angels wanting to get it on with humans, which results in the nephilites o_0
your cool no lies he is cool😇😇
do something with the emperor's new groove... would be interesting to cover up something disney related with the peruvian Incas and their culture
The beginning of the video was a stretched but hey.... that's just revenue...Ad revenue.... thnx for watching
Tarzan is also linked to frozen and tangled and little mermaid.
they're related! \nduh... heracles is his uncle...\ntry not to think about who being related to who... cuz they all marry each other by the end...\nthis has been around for ages on tumbr and instagram...\njust saying,,,
But Percy Jackson reveled to us that the gods side of the family dose not count
Can you please do a flim theory on IT? like so he can see it!!
Mulan
Gods and goddesses committing incest isn't a big deal when you think about it\n\n\nThey're literally gods
Wasnt the princess in the frog in frozen i saw it
wow nice song made me want to drink bleach more
i'm crying because of the intro
can you do Once Upon A Time
This triggered me so bad.\nBut since I'm nice I won't lash out.  *crazy ass fake smile*
Connecting Tangled to Hercules? Alright, is it possible that her glowing hair could have been representative of the string of fate (if that's what it's called) of Mother Gothel? \n\nI mean, Rapunzel had glowing hair, the three sisters that shared an eyeball had glowing hair that if CUT would end the life of a person. \n\nWhen Rapunzel's hair got cut, mother Gothel aged rapidly and turned to dust after hitting the ground when she fell out of the tower. \n\nMight be right, might be wrong. Meh. Probably wrong.
Umm...in another Little Mermaid movie, they share that her mother was killed by being crushed by a ship....
Disney should make a theory of matpat
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ye_Xian Pretty sure this predates the European version? O.o
Oh. My. God. I. Made. It. My. Ringtone. And. It. Played. During. Class. Everyone. Stared. At. Me. EVEN THE. TEACHER!!!!!!!😖😖😖😣😣😣
They had the original cover of little mermaid with the penises in the castle. 5 minutes and 30 seconds.5:30. GREEK ART
Who else got scared of the begining
Where's Doctor Who
2:21 As a mythos geek I am proud of this moment
Her mother got hit by a pirate ship owo
Where can I download that intro song?
1:20 wait a minute is that... NUGGET
But some people ship Hercules and Ariel.... Uhhh... I wish I didn't think that now...
connect all the disney movies bitch
IT'S NOT A POSEIDON FORK\n\nIT'S A TRIDENT
Well we all are related through millions of years of ancestry.
I cringe the moment I heard matpat singing, I love you matpat but please don't sing
Matpat what happened to the fight club episode that was uploaded today? Why did you take it down?
Keep scratching until you reach the whole family tree
have you seen the theory that beauty and the beast is related to frozen and the duke of weaselton is actually Belle's descendant. Also that tarzan is of course related to them as well
I love the movie 'dumbo' it made me cry
Scrooge Mcduck movies!
PENNYWISE
Cenderalla was spotted in frozen
Great intro XD
its not haaannnsss \nits haaauuunnnsss\nmy dads name is hans
so much begging for subs
Cars
Whoa wtf
You got the mobo
The Princess Bride.
goodbye loving childhood
hans...HANSSSSSSS it is pronounced hons
Mulan is my favourite Disney film.
So...Kingdom Hearts is Disney canon?
NIGGEL NIGGEL XD
The little mermai
Tarzan!!!
Correct
No actually Hercules is Ariel's uncle\nBecause Hercules is Zeus' son and Zeus is the brother of Poseidon the grandpa of Ariel.
Remember Moana took place during The Little Mermaid (flounders cameo in Your Welcome) and Frozen (Olaf's cameo with the carrots and sticks in Moana's basket during How Far I'll go Reprise)
DISNEY IS ALMOST ALL A LIE!!!!
You should do a theory on inside out I wanna now if riley is adopted
Little addition to the Tangled/Hercules connection: Rapunzel gets her magical hair from a flower that was created by a drop of sunlight. This flower heals people when you sing a special song. Apollo is the son of Zeus and the Olympian god of many things including the sun, music, medicine, light, and art. Rapunzel displays all of these in one way or another: the sun flower saves her life before she is even born, she heals people with her hair, she shows great musical ability despite being locked in a tower without any music/vocal lessons, her hair glows, and she's very artistic. Apollo is also involved in the Greek myth of the Hyacinth flower. Hyacinth was a mortal lover of Apollo. Apollo and Hyacinth were playing with a discus (a hard stone frisbee used in the Greek sport of the same name) when Apollo threw the discus and Hyacinth tried to catch it in an attempt to impress Apollo. Unfortunately, he was unable to catch it and he was struck in the head. The blow killed him and Apollo, grief stricken, decided to take his spirit and place it into a flower that he grew from Hyacinth's blood. This myth not only proves that Apollo can and will create new flowers, but also that he is active in the mortal world. Perhaps he decided that he didn't want Rapunzel's mother to die, so he created a healing flower from a drop of pure sunlight, a drop of his powers, that would cure her illness, and in doing so he gave Rapunzel some of his powers. I don't know it's just an idea, but I loved this episode even if I have seen some of the connections on the internet before. I saw the part about Rapunzel's powers having something to do with Hercules and my mind sparked.
do a theory of trump
* stabs subscribe button like asgore destroyed mercy * oh shoot I need to destroy it again cuz I accidentally unsubscribed * stabs again * DONE !
1:01 SAME
are you telling me that the son of Zeus and the daughter of Poseidon are related\ndude\nno way
I like cars
Okay im at 2:14 seconds into the vid so you just said that Hercules' dad is zuus so occorimg to greek mithoulagy posidon is zuus's brother and acoridinng to the movie posiden is areil's dad boom done sorry i have so many mispells i need some sleep
He doesn't mention it but you have to be a level 4 wizard for some of these recipes
Always waiting for the songs in the end
You forgot to say that the chicken breast has to be T H I C C and J U I C Y
I'm new to YSAC, and the only thing I don't like about his videos is the way how he says Pepper pepper pepper. Like for real, how fucking cheesy do you have to be in order to say pepper 3 times? Why not only 1 time? What's wrong with you?
gorden ramsay: ITS SOO FUCKING RAW IT COULD STILL FLY
XD Imma stare into your ears while watering my plants with chicken XD I somehow got Salmonella by laughing, peace be with me. I am now going to join the chicken, I also give my laptop to cousin Tom, BAI!
I've binged half your vids and now all my ads are about cooking and I can't get you out of my recomended please help
I was waiting for the lady bug to be shot off the van with the squirting chicken.
Yo you were at like 801k this morning. Now you're at 819k. Kickass
In the onion you say?
i thought he was gonna stray the ladybug
OH MY GOD I JUST RANDOMLY DISCOVERED YOUR CHANNEL AND NOW I'M IN LOVE!!
Make a face reveal
YSACism is the goal, not minimalism!
To all those people who asked how you edited that last part, I wanna clear up that that bit isn't edited. I tried this recipe and it is actually that juicy.
Why is this on funny?
You Suck At Cooking Recommended channel for you\n\nThanks YouTube
Changangle? I don't know how to do that. Is it related to wang-jangling?
Why does his guy remind me of theodd1sout?
For some reason I am now fully convinced that he is a robot.\nThat's why he kicked that other robot out of his house.\nHe was obviously jealous
my god this is fucking stupid
How have I not found this channel before? Hilarious !!
I think I have found my new favorite channel
White People don't know how to cook chicken
What the hell, you're such a good singer, and you have an amazing sense of humour. Marry me?
the so juicy part really caught me off guard LOLLLL im crying.
I just found you and I'm pretty sure I am now in love w you. Ok bye thanks
I love you.  A lot.  Creepy.
No you suck at cooking and you totally suck.\nJk you're cool
I have a big problem with this video because I have never seen that many wild graves that was set up or they had been tamed already
Damn the chicken squirts more then my wife when Tyron comes over on Tuesday for taco Tuesday
you earned yourself a sub this made me laugh but laughing hurts since im sick please help
Why do you remind me of jacksfilms like seriously 😂 but it's cool cause it's hilarious. It's like jacksfilms and howtobasic
I think my favourite part of these videos are the songs
Will you open a god damn merch store already you fucking heathen???
you sear a chicken breast not fucking bake you donkey.
I read this as: 'Juicy Breasts - You suck cock'
And Also With You
is this the same guy that does the how to make a certain music genre type videos? lol
Wtf how was this in my recommended
As a middleeasterner I am triggered by your hummus chicken
Is there a link to that song? It's sublime
SOOOOOO   *J U I C Y*
*Chain jangle!!*\nIs it hip and cool to say around my cats?
Omg what is this🤣🤣🤣 I'm dead🤣🤣🤣
Procrastinating so hard.. watched all your vids, now i'm laughing at all of your comments.. You're the most creative and entertaining youtuber EVER.
I wonder what the people were wondering when passing by witnessing that.
Wow where have I been.. Subbed
First time seeing this😂😂😂😂😂 instant subscribe!!👍
YouTube recommended is such a godsend
Is the same man who does the ultra spiritual videos???
Damn. im loving this channel, i don;t know why.
I haven't seen ladybugs in years lol
how have i never heard of this channel? o_0
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE EGG EPISODES
Just the motivation I need to cool ma chicken
I think I have a crush on you and I've never seen your face. Except in that one where the knife reflected you I totally saw it and then you blurred it...
why are all these clickbait porn comments here 😂😂😭
I never knew Tina Belcher was so good at cooking.
YSAC <3 :)
Wtf is this👿 funny shit though😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Instructions quite clear. Was delicious.
Hi Isa(a)c
That was gushingly juicy 😂
I suck at cooking chicken?! IM VEGAN!
hahaha soooooo juicyyyyy! best favorite video.\non another note, there goes my veganism.
Can you bring pimblokto back? Plz :(
This was really juicy thanks ysac!
SOOOOOO JUIIICCYYYYY
Wet Chick
HoW there soo juicy ?!!!!!!
Wtf is this channel
Is this David Dobrik???
And you suck at thumbnails
Yaaaas
Damnnn you sing really well
Hilarious
Face reveal!
2:16 i wish i could unsee it
hahahahha sso good omg kill me
SOOOOOOOOOOOOO JUUUUUUUUUUUICY!
OMG! Dude, you're like Filthy Frank of cooking channels^_^
SOOOOO JUICY
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y92yuc7z
Wasted 3 minutes watching this .
Face reveal?
this is art
Pepper pepper pepper
fuck off
Soooooo juicccyyyyy
Who here misses Pimblokto?
OUTSTANDING!
So juicy
Godly editing, godly cooking, godly humour, godly channel... time to binge
Four hundo I'm dying XD
I fucin luv dis shit
Ha ha ha
YSAC
More pieróg please
Anyone else have reservations about this channel? The humor (people claim) is top notch but, after watching many videos, it seems like the same I have ADHD and I'm really not clever but everyone thinks I'm a god type of channels, I swear, I've seen dozens of these. It feels like zfrank and a milder htb had a baby, can be clever and entertaining on occasion but 72% of the time it's just braindead comedy that highschool girls go crazy over:/
Me with my grandparents and Urdu and Arabic and English and literally every other language because I seem to lose all vocal ability as soon as I step foot into their house
Joshua from SEVENTEEN in a nutshell
You guys are lucky that their are a lot of people who can speak Korean. There aren't many people who can speak my native tongue.
gotta try to teach my kid a bit mandarin...or Cantonese...or whatever my parents can understand...
So, I'm 1/8th German, but my family left their homeland over 200 years ago, and just married other Germans for like, 150 years.  No one in my family speaks German, but we all look very German.  So when I went to Berlin, people kept asking for directions, and I'm just like o_o
this has to break a record for the most views per seconds
giving a spanish speaking tourist direction to the subway station in new york city, which im hoping he understood.
This is every conversation I had with my 8th grade French teacher
Oh it’s wayyyyyyy harder for me cause both of my parents are from different states in India and mostly every state has a different language and they both sound very similar so it’s sooo awkward when I mix up the words with my family
When your french teacher asked a question you didn't understand and reply with with a 'oui'
I can relate being a Korean American as well
I see a picture of Sakura Chiyo
IM GOING TO BE SUBBING TO EVERYONE WHO LIKES THIS COMMENT AND SUBS TO ME AND TURNS ON MY NOTIFICATIONS (Within 24 hours) COMMENT WHEN DONE- STAY AWESOME PEOPLE
When I tell people I can write French well but I can't speak it out loud well
I remember in my maths class there was a Chinese name named like chauxn or something. My teacher knowing I was Chinese asked me  how do you say chauxn. I know how to speak one word of Chinese. That's it. I had know idea and this was in front of my maths class too. I just laughed off the humiliation.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Same in Arabic but with long awkward handshake
When you white asf and American so you have nothing relatable to comment :)
Sadly me as a Hispanic Trying to speak to family .I can only get so far before having to switch back to English
Me with having taken Chinese for 2 years xD.
Me when my grandparents try to speak Spanish to me but I only know 5 words
I'm 20 years old rapper who's trying to make his dream come true. I would really appreciate If you could like, share and support. Thx for your time man.
THE GEKKAN SHOJOU NOZAKI_KUN \nHAP WE LIKE SAME THING \nBE FRIEND
hey those pictures in background are from anime show
I'm a simple person, I see an anime girl in a thumbnail, I click.
Subscribe to my channel and write a name and I will subscribe too
This fat Asian is funny
I'm Aus-Chinese but never learnt Chinese and one time these Chinese tourists came into a cafe while I was waiting for my frappe and they started talking to me and gave me money, I went up to the counter and asked for four more frappes... to this day I'll never know what they really wanted
How tf is this no. 3 on trending??!!
Me when I try to speak polish
Haha, me in Spanish for sure. You used the SONIC music!!
OMG I'M DEAD ITS TOO ACCURATE
me trying to speak german with my german cousins.
This is how I feel when 1 quarter of my family (dads side) speaks Japanese and the others speaks German (all sides). I SPEAK IT JUST NOT FLUENTLY SSJFJDJSKSHDGGDOQODNZV
Except for my mom, no one speaks Korean here. Whenever I talk to relatives, it's always in English with her acting as translator. The most I can do is kind of read Korean characters, but I don't know what anything means :|
True, sometimes theres the words and the grammars you haven't learned. \n\nAnd it's super awkward when you try snd finish one
_I am in two difficult necessities_ , between *laughing or* having to slap you .. hahaha, want to slap for your cute cheeks
This is me when I go to visit my family in Africa
Me except with Spanish... im cuban and mexican but never bothered to learn Spanish its hell..
me after 1 hour of spanish class
This is so me when I have to speak to my grandma in Spanish..
You and markiplier should do a 30 minute deep voice ASMR conversation video..
the fact you subtitled fuk just sent me sprawling
THIS IS #3 ON TENDING
When you have 2 second in zombies to respawn so you just give up and not wait 2 seconds
I've said hello in French several times and I've heavily regretted it each time.
I could listen to you speak korean all day long...
When I try to speak japanese to a japanese person
No this is Patrick.
I just noticed the pic in the background lmao\nI've come to get a guy, pyon.
How the hell is this still trending it's been so days
Just shoot... what does that mean?
Legit one of my worst fears 😅
Me when I'm trying to speak German with my mom's side of the family
when i talk to my immigrant coworkers.
Me after 3 years of Spanish classes
me with my super italian grandparents. fuck
Y'all look the same everywhere hahah
me in a group project, i can't speak Filipino so everyone looks at me with disappointment
I have similar moments in Spanish, I can normally have a conversation in Spanish but they'll always be that one word that ruins everything.
I can speak Spanish well but when speaking to relatives, it becomes awkward since there are words that I can't translate well.
This should be on trending
Same
Yes.
you mean weebs?
ME WITH MY RUSSIAN RELATIVES LIKE FUCK IDK BOKOR
Haha
love your selfie
Me with Cantonese...
Today on mediocrity
Ending is weird..
me lol
Me with French
Magic video!
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT,SOMETIMES I WISH MY PARENTS WERENT ASIAN
It's also really terrible when you can't speak the language but can still understand it when every single person in your family gossips about how you suck at your own language right in front of your face.
this potato
lit me
Gun Face Fuck.
This isn't funny
GUN... FACE.... FUCK...
Everytime I meet a fellow Pinoy
So cringy
Gun.......face...... Fuck lmao
HAHAHA FUCK THIS IS ME
😂😂😂😂😂😂
NANI
Qqjgk
Did he say jimin face
When my latin classmates say Salvē
xD gun....face....FUCK xD
I speak korean lolol
stupid asain
Me but spanish
LMAO ME WITH OTHER LAOTIAN FAMILY MEMBERS
LOL
Weatherwars101
Me with spanish
As a Korean, his Korean sounds a little foreign, unnatural.
what music is playing at 0:23?
Operator : 911 Emergency!!! \nMatt : These creepy RATS are attacking my villa to eat me and my wife.\nOperator : Sir, Hold on, Rodent Control Services are on there way right now. Just don't get caught. Happy Downsizing
Go down to the size of a grasshopper? That affects lots of things. A lot of animals just got added to our list of dangerous predators. Water surface tension? Strength-to-weight ratio lets us jump much higher. Hailstorms can wreck shit on our property. We need around one billion of us to remain regular-sized to watch over all human activities.
The inventor's name better be Wayne Szalinski. That's all I'm saying.
Seems innovative and fun, but where is the conflict??
Great film! I recommend seeing it
I came here from Once In A Lifetime by the Talking Heads
Looks great... Till the bugs come..
I hope we don't discover Pym particles. Shrinking the human population would make more problems then it solves
WHAT the FUCK i am SO IN
that looks completely insane yet i really wanna watch it
How do you shrink a car? You make a big one then shrink it? sounds more expensive\nAnd if you tell me you make a small one, how do you make a small smart phone? You can't make components that small
You could also save the planet by having World War 3, killing off most of the human population.  I think the most realistic solution would be to limit reproduction, but that'll never happen when retards keep having 10+ kids and the responsible beings barely have 1 child.  The movie Idiocracy accurately predicted the future.
Once in a life time works so well with this
Just looks like a fun happy sci-fi movie.
Jimmy Kimmel is ready with the jokes.
the music sold it for me
I want to see a spin on this idea and make it into a horror movie.\n\n\nImagine what you could do with that.
this is a message from The Illumanati that this will be our new future.
Calling it now...at the end of the movie we find out who is responsible for the actual downsizing procedure and that Rick Moranis has come out of retirement to play Wayne Szalinski again!
Yeah, just wait until nature gets to them! Weather, animals, insects, etc.
this is the most fascinating trailer I've seen all year.
Another massive Jewish propaganda piece - this whole film it's just a metaphor for the shrinking of western civilisation and people on the global scale. They're laughing at us. Look at 1:20, that's a very specific shot. Look who's in the background sealing their fate. Fuck. You. (((Hollywood))) !
this is no comedy? wtf? i just dont get why anyone would make a movie out of this bullshit. its like a kid wrote the script. fuck that
that is such a good idea love the creativity of people today
It would be a shame if I torched the neighborhood with a match and my foot
Honey, I struck the world would've been a better title lol 😂
Interesting movie but The Last Jedi is go to dominate it. Sorry Matt I would rather see Carrie Fisher's last preformance. #RIP
I just saw this at tiff today. It was a very good movie. Imma rate it 8.5/10
And the first thing he does is check his junk's still there.  Ugh... didn't see that coming. (Insert eye roll...)
1:20 who else saw the jew
Everyone please report these Webcam/Pornsites Comments. Thank you!
Just imagine if a spider got in that place. Holy Jeebus
Why couldn't they just make food & animals bigger???? 😂😂
This was a great idea for a movie and can also be a funny way to be a horror movie with great ants and spiders
My Lord. I love an original idea.
Black Mirror anyone?
Anamorphosis no Meijuu, anyone?
rip in pieces Matt Damons career
The only downside.....GIANT INSECTS!! FUCK NOOOOO!!!
Kristen Wiig lookin fine as fuck
NEK-MINUET Hurricane Irma... Dead.
I GOT THREE WORDS. CATS & FLYING RAPTORS. THE END.
So the government figured out Hank Pyms secret formula?
Anyone know what the building is between 0:05 and 0:08?
Wouldn't work because they'd need an entirely special biosphere to live in. Downsized body would not be able to breathe normal oxygen, eat normal nutrients.\n\nCute idea but impossible even if the downsizing could be done somehow.
So will there be a sequel called Upsizing??
0.32 seconds. THAT'S MY FUCKING SCHOOL. THEY CAME LAST YEAR FOR FILMING. I DIDN'T KNOW IT COULD LOOK THIS FANCY, looks like shit most days.
A single mosquito will suck you dry.
Definitely a must see!
This really is a cool concept.
Wait. This is actually a thing?! 😂 I thought this is one of those trailer someone made as a joke.
i was hoping a crazy normal size human come and attack the small people and all becomes chaotic...
So what happens when it rains or gets windy or if a ant comes and kills your whole family
One big ass spider and it all turns into Starship Troopers !!
When a satirical tim and eric sketch from almost a decade ago becomes a real movie
Kill all niggers and the overpopulation is solved
So where's Paul Rudd?
What i woild do would be too satu the natural size and then keep a bunch of humans who are great and nice, and rhen rule ovee the tiny people with the fact incoild legit squish them
Wow I didnt think emily blunt would agree to something like this
imagine them been hit by a tornado. maybe they didn't think about natural disaster, or even daily weather which would now be fatal.
I love the premise. I also think it makes a great horror film, like what would happen if you met a household cat after you shrunk yourself...
reminds me of DORAEMON'S small light torch
Matt Damon's wife doesn't go through with the procedure. That's going to be the conflict, not government or insects. Notice Kristen Wiig isn't shown small. And Matt's carrying a full size rose, presumably to give his full size wife.
Looks like his wife doesnt join him.
This seems like a pretty good movie. Maybe is  a metaphor about what we have done for years, moving out of the cities to the suburbs looking for bigger houses.   Can't wait to watch the full movie.
what if it rains or worst when there's a hurricane? how they will deal with flood and strong wind?
this is soo cool, can't wait
0:34 is Dave Johnson and Carol  a reference to Portal? 😂
Humans would have faced extinction because of animals going wild and out of control.
Acquire enhance both luasgf park power signal operation prime controversy winter count sample.
It would be so easy to kidnap people..
🔴 *DOWNSIZING 【HD】* [ bit.ly/2xcdmBf ]
500k subs
My mind is tainted by the micro/macrophilia on tumblr and with this trailer that is all i can think about and thats horrible
I remember when they filmed part of this in Omaha where I live. You would not have thought it was a futuristic sci fi film
Thank the lord for a more creative theme for a movie not just a sequel or based off best seller
interesting... will pass on the movie though... done with Hollywood leftists
This is kind of horrifying
I was kinda waiting for it to be a fad and they all got left behind lol
How ignorant can a human become?  Let's think about this from a REALITY perspective shall we?  What happens when our SIZE becomes smaller than most mammals or animals?  We become lower on the food chain.  No longer are ants smaller than us but someone who we would have to fight against to survive.  How about mice, rats, raccoons, opossums, birds, insects and that is just for the land not even going to go into aquatic animals.  Sorry, this science-fiction is absolute ludicrous and FAILS AT EVERY LEVEL OF USING OUR BRAINS FOR SOMETHING MORE THAN A SONOGRAM.  STUPID CONCEPT!
So his wife doesn't go through with it
Interesting concept. Quite spooky.
Bro, One word: animals
Giant fucking spiders..  Oh hell no
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Song name?
Cute
Dave Johnson? Cave Johnson?
what the hell
Dumb...
WHERES MY RICK MORANIS?!?!!!
giant spiders
i approve
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y983y73g
Honey I shrunked everyone.
Eagles would love us!
Nat Namon
Would you downsize?
It's time for you to become... the Ant-Man
An entire nation of tiny people is annihilated by one feral cat
I saw the video , i wish one day you all die
0:13 AHEM I HAD A HEART ATTACK THAT WAS LOUD
Thank you guys SO MUCH for sharing and getting my last TWO videos on trending!!! I CANNOT EXPRESS THANKS ENOUGH!
Loving these Halloween prop video partners !🤣 who else?
Either I'm first or the comments didn't load yet... We'll never know.
I love how September is both the start of Halloween and Christmas for me \n(Orchestra people would understand)
Please do some Coraline characters sometime soonish!!
This was amazing, as always. I love trying to recreate your looks with cheaper stuff but I might be buying some body paint soon and I'm very excited!
Not in the basement 😂😂
YESS LEX! This video made me laugh! XD oh yeah, there's a little something coming your way realllll soooon!
I swear every time u do a voice over in a video I feel like ur sitting in a spinning chair talking while spinning on it. Am I the only 1????😂✌🏼😜
Jenkins looks so freaked out by the Lexorcist 😂
I love this channel so much! And wow, the makeup is so cool!
wow jenkins looks so good 😍😍
Love u Lex😍 u inspire me I was diagnosed a type 1 I think 3 years ago now😂 and I got really depressed 😔 but I started watching ur vids and it made it ok so thank u 😊 thank u for being my mentor  and  helping me with the problems of being a diabetic 😊
OH JENKINS HOW I'VE MISSED YOU. YOU DID GREAT BUDDY.
I love watching your videos so much. when you yelled stitches tho😂
Rick Sanchez is that you
Bro I love these 😍 Finished my AP Calc homework real quick for your video!
No but Lex in all seriousness when are we going to see you you're mad scientist because I love her almost as much as I love old lady Lex
I love this type of videos ( ＾∀＾)
These videos make my day a million times better, oh my god!!
Love you madeyewlook so much love your make up tutorials your creative and so amazing 💕💕💕💕💕💕💯✌✌💕💕💕
I never realized how big he is? In other videos, he looks so much smaller. PERSPECTIVE!!
Aww poor Jenkins! He's so camera shy! Bless his soul!❤️
You should do live streams on periscope
I love you! Please notice me ❤️❤️❤️
you're always so amazing and talented, Lex! 🖤
I love your energy 😄...
I love u <3 do you want to be my girlfriend ?
These make me so happy!
WHY ARE YOUR VIDS AMAZING!!!! I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
I'm mildly scared of Jenkins. You know what? Tell him I'm sorry for saying that, he's very nervous and  i shouldnt have said that but I wasn't ready to see him when I opened this video. Cool vid tho lol.
Your stuff is so cool approximately how long dose it take to film one vid
Stopped everything I was doing to watch this 🖤🤘🏻
I love the intro XD it's hilarious I also love how you are including characters in your tutorials recentlyy XD
Kane just really wants to do a GRWM video too! 🐶❤️
I love how this video LITERALLY ONLY HAS 2 DISLIKES
I love seeing your puppers!! ❤️ ❤️ he's so cute!
this thumbnail is the mood
Omg! I thought Lex’s face was glowing in the dark at the end
could you do another live stream where we get to choose what you do as you go?
lmao absolutely love everything about these new partner vids
Thank you lex for being such an inspiration watched you since 7th grade keep it up 💜
Woahhh the illusion of the final look is so trippy and awesome!
I love you so much !!!!!!!!!!  I love your work !!!!
Jenkins is me. I love him.
Sorry I'm new to this channel. Are Lex and Jenkins dating?
Man, you are incredible!
As soon as Lex said on to her favorite part I yelled STITCHES! 😂💚
1 view, 11 likes, and multiple comments, why don't they just load each stat at once?
When you just finished hearing that you also have to get your wisdom teeth out. *cri*
OMG THIS IS PERFECT FOR A PARTY
RIP HEADPHONE USERS OMG..Okay but seriously I love your videos!I'm so happy I'm extremely early!
I've been loving these tutorials with friends. I'm also glad to see you posting again. I've missed ya in my sub box.
Lex is SO AWESOME AND TALENTED!!
Yaaaaaaaaas I love you're work haha love September-October on your channel!!!
I love your videos so much you're such a bad ass artist
I love your videos so much 💕💕💕
I was expecting the skeleton again
I was waiting for a Frankenstein thing! You seem to do one every year and it's always awesome! ^_^
I left a Kenny deaths (south park) compilation for this WORTH IT
1 view, 26 comments... Please go home YouTube, you're drunk
I seriously love you so much oml you're the best
Jenkins has teeth goals
Puppy!!;
This is amazing
Aw, you're so adorable!
Hi
Soooooo cooool!!! 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😸😸
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
😍😍
Yasssssss
❤
4,444th view
I love you
Wow... truly amazing
BLOOD AND STITCHES!!!
Best makeup artist ever
Eeeeeeeeey
Love 😁
❤️❤️
What is that?
**homestuck vibes**
That's cool
your old friend is creepy
❤️❤️❤️
Jenkins is bootiful.
👌🏼❤️
Obsessed I luv u so much
Your so pretty
Awesome 😈🔥
Yaaaaasssss
OBSESSED 😂😂😂
Notification squad!!!
Hi
OH ME GERSH!!!!!
Bajeebua how are you so pretty im CRYING MY POOR GAY HEART CANT TAKE IT
*JENKINS*
I was watching a different Madeyewlook video when I got this notification lol.
You are so amazing. Its so satisfing watching you do your art. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!
that star stage is so cool...
This is the song at leap
I love this song😂💓💓💓
I like this song so muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh <3<3
i love her music , she is so talented omgg
A SLAY CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR THIS NEW ALBUM OMGGGGG
omgggg she becomes fatter but she got a really nice voices!! Btw this song is amazing. Love u!
Is this the same Carly from Call Me MAybe?
CUT TO THE FEELING
I love this song😍😍
Ahh... love the movie and love this song
What a queen.\n\nQueen of giving me actually good reasons to not killing myself.\n\nThank you.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy
I don't like the video but I like the song.
I HOPE THIS MEANS SHE'S ALSO ABOUT TO DROP HER NEW ALBUM ❤
is this song is on the movie LEAP! BALLERINA? ❤
I LOVE This song 💜
I love Carly Rae jepsen so much, this song makes me think about my crush
Love this song!!! I made a lyric video on this song on my channel if you guys would please check it out! Thanks!
SHE LOOKS SO DIFFERENT. I ALMOST DIDN'T RECOGNIZE HER. SHE'S STILL FREAKING PERFECT.
How many fucking times is she going to upload this song?
Would love to find him or have I?
I miss hearing your songs ❤
I love the song, I love Carly but I really love lyric video than this video. 😊✌
this was cut from e-mo-tion
Carly Rae Jepsen's music is so sweet it is currently giving me diabetes.  I would gladly saw my own foot off for her.
bad singing, boring beat, bad editing, bad song, bad acting in it, basically what i got from her skipping around the set haha im famous and my life is easy because i dont have to do anything hahaha
is that a real video ? it looks like some kinda fan mash up !
Really like this.  Original, and so much better than trying to constantly flash image after image every second.
The love of my life 😩😭💘
amazing song she makes the BEST POP MUSIC however, the stylist should be fired. That flannel shirt with those green pants TERRIBLE
Okay I'm impressed.  This should be a hit.
Guys let's start a chain!\nDon't ruin it please \n\n I had a dream or was it real  we crossed the line
the song is amazing...but this is a bad video.
Again this song fits the theme of all her songs .
One of the best summer songs of all time!
eeee ok, I love Carly and this song, but this video is just sooo cheap. The buffet was probably the part the most expensive in this video. This is only an ads for fiat and lavazza coffee.
i love CRJ but if she's gonna be given 1/8th of a budget for a music video, next time keep it
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord, turn to Him
I'm here before the million views 😁
I don't think she's gone be known as a one hit wonder anymore…this might be the one that gives our queen that recognition she deserves again
OMG FOR THE FIRST TIME IM EARLY!!!!! (posted this comment a day after this song/video was uploaded)
For A Hot New Music Video Staring 2 Sexy Hot Boys...\nhttps://youtu.be/fGoYq7r5nTo
Another Taylor Swift VS. Carly Rae Jepsen and she did it again. She won over Taylor.\n\nTaylor can have the sales, but Carly did a better song.
This song was from last year's film... Why did she release it as a single just now? I like the song don't get me wrong... it has a feel good vibe to it... I just think she could've released it as soon as it came out with the film
Super like !! Love this song !!
I love this song!!!
I'm so dissapointed in the video tbh... I love her, love this song, but we waited so long for this video and for what? Only the ending is proffesional and sure I love watching a behind the scenes video but wish we just got a full good video that would be better for TV... I really want that people take her career more serious since a lot of people still see her as that one hot wonder which she is not at all! She is just amazing!! But with music videos like this she isn't gonna make it on tv I'm afraid :( the last bit of the video is good though... and this is no hate, just a bit dissapointed :( but still love her  so much!
This is cheap and stupid. The lyric video was much better and seemed to have a bigger budget than this.
Sir you phone no
This is new??? It sounds like a 2005 bop and I love it!!!
Damn! this is a bangerrr. Catchy lyrics and good song!
This song is amazing... why is Carly not more popular omg... <333 I love you.
I slit my wrist one like =1 prayer
All her songs sound like the music in TV commercials now.
i love this song and the movie!!!!
Is it a video or a behind the scenes of the video?
You're still a thing?
Am I the only one around here who didn't recognize Carly Rae Jepsen at first glance?!
Ahhh ouvi essa música no filme A BAILARINA. Muito amor ❤️
รัก เทอออ ท่ีสุดด
shes so real! love you carly!
Leap Movie Brought me here♡♡
I love her!
that outfit? lesbian culture
sorry carly. not a hit.
best song ever
QUEEN OF SMILES AND EFFERVESCENT JOY
She is adorable.
nice
Released on my birthday! 💙  Carly!
Release a new albummmmm 😍😍
Algún latino?? 🙌👋
Ballerina brought me here😍😂
Max Landis has ruined Carly for me.
Cadê os BR?
Flop!
lil dicky album cover?
HI :D
It's Debbie Gibson reborn
very nice, thank you...
CARLY EU TE AMO TANTO ♥️ ANCIOSO PELO CRJ4
https://youtu.be/vVPfVbdKC1o
So underrated, pop princess!
Queen of budget videos!
That Beat Drop Though Its Dope
Carly you are very beautiful
SO CATCHY
Your alive??
she's modern cyndi lauper
https://www.ascarnooneelsecansee.com/intro
Um.....I'm gay?
angel ❤️
Lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch’intrate
GOOD SONG\nBORING VIDEO :/
👍👌👏
Reminds me of Robyn
GhJNB;-:#&$**@&#&#^#^-/&'
I love Carly Rae Japsen😍😍😍
It's hard for this slut to go down hill when she was never up the hill. Lol, fucking cum dumpster.
Hey I hope you enjoy this new video! Some 370 of you got to see this early as I accidentally pressed the button that I didn't mean to press so the video was live for about a minute this morning, but here's the real version!\n\nMake sure to check out Squarespace because this video *literally* would not have happened without their support.
Short-haul flight doesn't make a lot of sense... if the city doesn't have a small, more accessible airport.\n\nAnyone who has commuted from London to Heathrow, from NYC to JFK knows that. The commute itself is almost 1 hour with another 1.5 hour check-in time.
Isn't the plane of the future just a car or did we give up on the whole flying car thing?
Wow, Boeing is building a new cattle car for the sky! YAY!
The 787 is the Middle Spot aircraft it is for long skinny routes. The 787 was created just to replace 757, not the 777. The 737 MAX was not made to replace the 757. It's purpose is to refresh the 737 series. The 797 will be a high capacity short range aircraft for routes such as New York to Los Angeles, and New York to Chicago. There is no need for electric aircraft at this point, we still have enough gas at this point to have no demand for an electric aircraft. Plus switching to electric would be a huge fundamental change in aviation no one was asking for. The a350 and the 787 will be sufficient for the next 20-50 years.
Umm...planes are already cheaper than buses in a lot of markets
This is a similar thing they said about the Concorde, which could travel 2x the speed of light
I expected better from the Boeing 797. Also, who's a Boeing fan?
Are aircraft manufacturers ever again going to build a plane that doesn't look like a facsimile of the 737.... ever??
Edinburgh to London is far cheaper to fly, the state of trains in the UK is abysmal.
The plausibility of electric transports has to be considered in question until it is proven not. The most plausible version of the idea, I suppose, is a fuel cell, but a fuel cell does not eliminate the need to carry the fuel necessary to support powered flight. I am not sure about the idea of short haul airplanes replacing the train. The airport has to be gotten to and there has to be screening and boarding. All of this means the process of flying inevitably has to be extremely time consuming even if the time in the air is brief. Boarding an intercity train, even for a trip of some hours, need not be more complicated than boarding a bus or a commuter train. The problem with the train, at least in the United States, is that issue of providing short and medium haul train service is tied to plethora of hobbyhorse issues, notably the idea of downtown-to-downtown service. The problem is, downtowns have their drawbacks. They are often are congested and hard to get into and out of and that they may no longer have the infrastructure necessary to provide for the needs of travelers, especially accommodations and car rental.\n\nThe state of California, where I live, right now is spending tens of billions of dollars building a high speed rail line through rural Central California which most likely will end of being a train to nowhere for many decades to come. In reality, the state could set up commuter-grade service between Los Angeles and the Bay Area with stops in San Jose, Salinas, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Ventura and Burbank within literal weeks if the will was there. Notably, all accommodations would be available on both ends of the run due to proximity to already operating airports. No, I don't think short haul airplanes are a real competitor to trains, provided the trains are sited properly. At or near airports or in suburban locations would be better options for the end terminals that this downtown-to-downtown idiocy. In between, the existing terminals of the smaller cities would be adequate. VTOL (vertical takeoff and landing) could change this picture somewhat, but it could be pricey and an option only for the high end traveler.
I feel like this video was a bit boeing biased.
Boeing 777 X don't fail me now!
The airliner of the future will be a single engine powered aircraft. It will start life as a short distance carrier over land in order to prove its viability/safety/reliability but will eventually gain some kind of an TESOPS  ( The Engine Spins Or People Swin )rating allowing it to travel great distances over water just as the twin engine powered airliners of today proved themselves.
Well from what I have seen much lighter carbon fibre composite planes with much improved engine efficiency and wing span profile improvements are fast approaching are set to be the the next step in aviation advancement.\n\nTho I think we should also look at having hybrid solar planes... we already have light aircraft making use of solar tech and much more efficient solar panel tech on the way.
Can you please make a video about how flights get their flight numbers.
find your airline videos rather insightful, if you ever have time any idea what happens to flights when they get disrupted from hurricanes? because that throws airlines into chaos
Train prices in the UK are ballooning so much that in some routes I've travelled it's cheaper already by the plane.\nFlybe Manchester to Southampton for instance.
You forgot about the A321LR... It has the range of a 757, maybe even more, and seats approx. 200
we never say that word united
Wendover Productions? More like Bendover Productions. Just like that and you're a subsidiary of Brazzers well done 👍
Wait, so Airbus already has a 757 competitor? And nobody's buying it? That makes no sense.
SOOOOOOO Much Boeing bias in this video! Lots more companies then Boeing, you have Airbus, Bombardier and more!
Do a video tackling the gulf carriers!
The video is phenomenal. Thank you!\n\nIt is phenomenal even you said electric motors are weak. They are the most powerful motors ever created ;). In power plants 3 turbines often move a single electric motor more that 1MW power ;).
never say edinburgh again please
Damn, I clicked on this hoping to be watching a video full of those planes in the beginning of the video, but this is so.. real..  It's like clicking on a video called The Car of the Future and the video goes into depth on the 2019 Toyota Camry. Yes, I guess that is technically the future, but it's not future enough, and it's pretty boring.
Over here in the UK train tickets are so expensive that it is often cheaper to fly. Or people just take a coach which is dirt cheap.
May I know where the source list is?
I hate to burst your bubble, but trains tickets will always be cheaper than train tickets, because more customers will be en route, at ANY given time on a train route, compared to an airplane route.  Higher turnover means more $ for the company, and lower costing tickets...
European aviation channels typically talk about Airbus, just as Americans typically talk about Boeing. Do any of you people THINK before you complain or does it just come naturally to bitch about the most trivial shit?
Planes will have to become electric in the next 50 years because we're gonna run out of oil. The future is exciting, who will make the best electric planes? Tesla??
This channel is getting known, Wendover! I knew it would blow up. Keep up the great work :)
Boeing fan I smell
biased..
Why theres no 777?
H
25,000th like!
crucial attraction etc proposal resign press processing writing.
The plane of the future needs everything you said in the beginning except for personal jets for everyone. For 200. dollars you can go anywhere in the world in 1-4 hrs on the plane of the future. Now what we need is trains of the future.
Fuck I want a plane
I'm surprised you didn't mention how the 757 market is now shifting towards freighters in order to account for the more modern aircraft that airlines are using. I'm not a betting man, but I would be willing to lay my chips down on the fact that more 757s are freighters than they are passenger aircraft these days.
So the 797 is essentially a redesigned, revamped 767?
Awesome vid thanks for clearing up a lot of misconceptions I had
nothing will be like the 757
I'd actually challenge what you said at 7:04. London to Edinburgh is much cheaper, fast and more convenient by plane.
I think we're more likely to start using synthetic fuels in aircrafts than to have commerical electric planes...
9:09 what airport is that? looks Brazilian
Thanks for this video. Interesting, Boeing 797 will open new horizont.
I was at Boeing during the 767, 757 project.  Boeing should get in to Vac  Trains like Dr. Goddard , Patent 2511979A .
Stupid american. Airbus is 1000 times better than boeing
Y do u keep sayin from the British isles and then Shannon pops up.shannon is in Ireland and we ar NOT a part of the British isles
Was wondering if you receive paid advertisements from Boeing? From your positioning of Boeing v.s. Airbus, you seem to have a bias? :)
Planes of the future = no Muslims the future is coming people the future is coming!
Airbus A-380 Can go from Dubai to New York..
A YouTube video about aircraft that actually uses imagery of the aircraft they are actually talking about <3
They should think billions of times cos there is no other planes the next plane will only be 780
America centric what about Avro and airbus
Great video! Very informative, very interesting
I'm a simple man. I see wendover prod plane video I click like.
The video seems focused only on Boeing. What about Airbus, Bombardier
Can't we all agree that we all want the same thing out of an aircraft?... NO MIDDLE SEAT!
So you land the electric plane and it has to charge for 12 hours??
Another great video. Really appreciate your content, and the high production level it contains!
The 757 <3 My all time favorite
Could you make a Video about ReColonizing Africa in order to help them advance ? SInce yeah I guess the Congo is a good example why i suggest such a thing (Minus the Slavery part of course)
I love your channel too much that I have seen every single of your video. Twice. Hahaha. Such a powerful information! Very well done!!!#aviation #avgeek x
I see wendover's plane fetish is back.
Please speak slower, you are hard to understand for not native English speakers
Yeah i don't think hyperloop is going to be a threat to the air line industry.
That Airbus deal was pure politics.
It interesting that Boeing are still focusing on this North American trans-Atlantic route, when the fastest growing region in the world is Asia.  Basically they are thinking about building the craft of tomorrow for the heavily congested routes of yester year. Aircraft  of the future will be driven by what the airlines demand and Boeing should be thinking about building craft that can serve North America to Asia route or Middle Eastern to Asia routes.
Can you please make a video about Cryptocurrency? Maybe you can explain it clearly. I just love how you make videos.
Electric aircraft won't dominate short-haul markets if high-speed rail or the Hyperloop ever find their footing.  Airport-security makes flying MUCH less convenient, stressful and slower for most people, and the only reason airlines can compete on cost with trains is because airlines are HEAVILY subsidized by the government (government pays for airport security, for national aviation agencies, for many safety inspections, for flight marshals, and numerous other costs.  If governments wizen up and invest in Hyperloops instead, they will save ENORMOUS amounts of money vs. subsidizing airlines...)  Also, trains are more energy-efficient than even electric aircraft (which is good for the environment) and can easily go electric by adding a third rail to their tracks.  The driving factor of trains' costs is labor- which means trains not only generate a lot more jobs (good for the economy and politicians), but their costs could easily go down with automation or the elimination of the Minimum Wage (which could be compensated for with wage-subsidies or a Universal Basic Income...)
2:90 the 777x
Is it the C172
BOEING BOEING BOEING .... dislike
FUUTTUUREE!!!!
Electric ones or hydrogen
Bend over productions
Hyperloop
A321LR.
hypper loop will never work
Lets recycle old 747 then 😜
The 757 is the sexiest
Wendower production= plane orgasm
can you convert the miles into Toyota Corollas please? thank you
I want to put some things out there:\n-Airbus and Boeing both make planes.\n-Airbus and Boeing's planes both fly people to places.\n-Airbus lacks a middle-of-market plan.\n-Addressing the fact that Airbus lack a plan for a mid-market aircraft does not make one a Boeing Fanboy and does not equate to hating Airbus.
there's a Chinese plane too: why wasn't it mentioned?
Im suprised people still fly united.
What about the CSeries (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombardier_CSeries) from Bombardier?
A321 will fill this gap. The A320 was designed to have bigger capacity and longer range than the 737. The 737 Max is exactly that - maxed, can be made no larger, it's already a freak as it is and that's why it's not selling. The A320 can be easily stretched to create an A321 Neo.
For some reason I get uncomfortable when I see how long the 757-300 is.
The 752 is an incredible craft. I cannot understand why Boeing didn't remake it with composite materials and the new engines available on the market to make a fast upgrade with (comparatively) low development costs.
I wonder if it would make sense for Boeing to make a shorter version of the 787, say a 787-7?
Wait, why didn't you explain how the slower prop plane can beat the much faster jet plane on the route?!?!?
The 767 can be flown from NY to Buenos Aires 11 hour flight. No need for this upgrade to a 797.
THIS VIDEO WOULD BE BETTER IF YOU WERENT SUCH AN AMERICAN ASSHOLE SPEAKING OF BOEING ONLY. Best regards from the rest of the fucking world.
electric aircraft is like cold fusion. NEVER GONNA HAPPEN!
But airbus 350 is the most fuel efficient now...
You can grab a piece and go The fact that you guys think I wont eat the entire thing in one go is adorable. Misguided, but adorable.
Berry bark.\nWoof.\n\nI am DEAD, you guys are so awesome.
I'm berry pleased about this recipe.
I am very confused about the schedule of this channel now
Who cares about the food. I'm wondering where Barry's jacket is from
a little bit of honey ... 😂😂
Not sure if they have them in Britain, but my favorite ice lolly is the orange creamsicle.
*Does SortedFood consciously have Barry in your berry-related videos?*
em-BARRY-sing
where's the sprig of mint
My God, Barry has become very handsome. He is down right dreamy.
Lower in fat; lower in sugar; delicious. You're contradicting yourself when you say that.
lavender, drop a sprig or two of mint in when blending, then drizzle the top with melted chocolate  before freezing?  or even some green tea macha...hmm
This is very similar to my mamma's home made ice cream. She only uses three ingredients. Greek yogurt. Fruit (usually raspberries since I'm allergic to strawberries) and caster sugar. That's it, than she shoves in her ice-cream maker for several hours to let it thicken. We keep the seeds from the raspberries in as we think it makes it taste more interesting. I think I'll add honey next time to see the results.
We don't get Greek Yogurt where I live. Can I use normal yogurt?
3:46 *woah*
What did he call the cranberries
Does any yoghurt work? Or only greek yoghurt?
I just want to say, I started watching your videos because theyre fun to watch but I dont rlly cook\nBut recently I had a cooking class (weird for a science major, i know, but seeing how geeky Ben is it prob makes sense) and your videos help a lot so thanks
I love these Kenwood made better videos! Sponsoring made right! :) I'm always in search for something healthy but indulgent and rich that can fool me and satisfy my cheat needs, so this videos are perfect ahah
Looks delicious but bad for people with sensitive teeth
What about adding some mint to the mix, just to give it that kick? Mint and berries are great together! (Plus, it would make Ben happy😂)
This looks like a winner!
Yay, I got featured in a video ^_^
Now I know how else I can use my frozen berries I bought sometime back. THANK YOU
You didn't listen did you. 😂😂😂😂
Ben can't replace mint with lavender. What has the world come to?
it's so fast it's almost emBERRYssing
Berry's poor heart shattered faster then the bark did as Ben destroyed it😂
So I've made this before and my problem with it is that it's too cold to bite into, but when it is warm enough to bite into it makes a huge mess all over your fingers. Does anyone else have this problem and any solutions?
Can you use any replacements for the lavender?
After seeing the headline, I was sure you were going to finish the video by stuffing frozen yogurt and tree bark down Barry's pants. And I'm kind of disappointed it didn't happen.
How can I get rid of the ice crystals? I had problems finding a large tray so it became a bit thicker than I wanted it to be... Will it have a smoother texture if I make it thinner or is there any trick for it?
Em(berry)sing to call a recipe
looks so good this guys, whats the texture like?
Calm down Ben! Just coz it's easy doesn't mean it's embarrassing as a recipe.  You're embarrassing. As a snob. 😑
My father has been making this homemade ice cream for years and years. It's the easiest thing ever and it's so good, only ever eaten it as soft serve
Forgot to call it an #ad.
Soooo....can I do it with cheese and bacon?
What is a lollie?  I'm from Canada 🇨🇦. \n\nThis looks awesome! Way to go! Also love the humour.
Ben, you are the star of this show...you could have your own channel.
any video that involves berries *has* to have Barry in it. this is a rule
Where can you get a packet of Lavender in herb form?
I have the same blender...can recommend if anyone is intersted.
I am sad cz i can't have these 😯
Here's a recipe that I've always been curious to try but never have cuz I never found a recipe: *Lavender Ice Cream*\nI saw the ice cream in the movie It's Complicated and I've always wondered how you put lavender in ice cream.\nMight I request this recipe from you guys at SORTED Food?
This is a quick to make, quick to eat recipe. You literally have to eat it quick, otherwise you get froyo fingers 😃 I would try it though, if it wasn't 16 degrees outside... 🤒
I knew barry's actual bark was coming but i still laughed really hard
Very up-town.  Can also be done with bananas and chocolate if berries aren't your thing and chocolate is..
nice! will make that
The two best things in life have come together.\n\nI've always love white chocolate bark, and frozen yoghurt. THE DREAMS ARE ALIVE.
Can you just use citrus fruits for this
Why Greek yogurt? I hate Greek yogurt. It tastes of cream cheese. Would a different yogurt work for this?
given that your carbonara took me 45 minutes to make, this seems right up my alley. :)
Hi I'm a long time lover of your channel and I'm going off to uni on Sunday, it would be kinda cool if you did some budget friendly, student friendly dishes
How long can these last in the freezer? Thanks!
Wow I think I wanna give this a go!
Bung some bacon in it.
u could make a nutella frozen bark.. just  blend nutella yogurt and frozen banana with a bit of vanilla...!! perfect for a chocoholic ♥__♥
Great timing - now summer is over! ;)
Would this use with a coconut or soy yoghurt instead? :)
Oo you could do coconut yoghurt, with mango pieces and lime zest 👌🏼
I really wanted to try this recipe but I am allergic to lavender. Is there an alternative
Look awesome guys!!! But I wonder if we can do it with lime and mint? I love the sour taste and if it won't work just add some rum and booomm we just created a freaking mojito ice cream!!! :))
Ok but Barry looks like a Matalan model. I'm not complaining!
so simple, but looks so good!  would goat's milk yogurt work instead of regular (cow)??
literally about to go make this right now
LAVENDER? Who are you and what did you do with Ben's mint?
in love with Barry's hair😍
I don't know if I keep missing the videos or have they stopped announcing what the next week's theme is? I haven't seen the mystery box in a while and you guys haven't been directing us to the website for a sneak peak on next week's theme as far as I know? Are they announcing all of their stuff on other social media now?\nI'm so confused >.<\n\nAlso I know this is an ad and is likely unrelated to what you guys are doing this week.
man this looks sooo good 😭 once i get discharged from the hospital, i am so making this!!
i was wondering if you could make this with pumpkin and ginger snaps for a autumn style?
This is doing to be a healthy snack😍
Definitely going to try this one! Not sure about grab and go, maybe grab shove in my face before it melts all over my hand
I'm so jealous of Barry's eyebrows
YUM!
Ohhhh sassy Ben You didn't listen, did you?
Ok this, but mint choc chip orrrrrrrr, who knows, endless choices.
Nom
Ice lollys is a dumb name for a popsicle.  Lollipop + Icicle is better than Ice + Lollipop.  Wait.  Hmmmmm....
Cherry brandy was my fav
FAB ICE LOLLIES!!!!!!!
Ben marry me 😘
It looks so yummy 😋
Zaps were the best!!
Genius!😍
Berries too tangy? This goes perfectly with frozen ripe bananas.
B4nny would be proud
I will skip lavender.
Please some more healthy frozen foods pls
hi
I don't like yogurt. Could you do this with ice cream?
😍 I wish I weren't on a diet
You guys dont know how much i love yogurt, in fact i have eaten 3 tabs tonight. I love it sooo much!
looks shit
I can't even stand the smell of lavander, i will never understand why people eat it !
Mini Milks for the Win!! I loved them as a kid too! The vanilla or chocolate were the best \n\n(That's the milk lolly Ben is talking about at the beginning)
Seems delicious, but with the cold and (kind of) stormy weather I would much rather have something warm or comforting. Any chance you guys will make some autumny recipes?
Looks lovely and will be making it with my grandchildren but does it not melt fast?
Can anyone explain to me what lavender would taste like? Besides lavender of course... Whenever I hear of adding a flavor like rose or lavender I get this vision of eating soap or perfume.
Pengwings
benedryl cucumberpatch is BBC's ultimate clickbait.
Dear BBC could you reveal the air date asap thanks! Can't wait to watch it
Υesss, Benedict!
Yeees Benedict! Whatever he does, its just the best! <3 Cant wait to watch this. Its going to be beautiful and emotional just like his movie Third Star. It made me cry alot.
I'm gonna cry a lot.
omg..! after The Current War and then The Child in Time trailer.. i'm ready for this.. can't wait! XD
I see Benedict Cumberbatch. I watch. He's just so irresistible (I'm not gay).
Sees Ben Cumberbatch, yep I'm totally watching this.
Heavy Rain by BBC One
I guess this will have to make up for the Sherlock withdrawals.
sooooohot...just sayin.
Can time heal?\nNo but Doctor strange can.
He needs to be used for another Sherlock series never mind this
Press x to scream KATE!!!!
I love you,benny
The Child In Time airs on Sunday September 24 at 9pm on BBC One.
Sherlock has a child 😉👍🏻
This is the one case Sherlock can't solve
(tempted to draft new love letter right here and now) My Darling Benedict--It has been so long!...etc. etc.
This looks good
I Wonder, do you think that Kate is a Time Lady? I'm just curious.
Looks so good
Jesus 10 years after I had to read this shite in AS English they're making a show of it.  Worst crap I've ever read, and I've read Dan Brown.
I swear they could have just used cctv?
Omg iv read the book ik what happens can't wait to watch this 😆😆😆😆
Where can I see it(I haven't got television)?
Is this gonna be a tv series or movie?
This is going to be available in America right
2 Best things in it.\n1) BENEDICT\n2) MUSIC
As soon as I saw cumberbatch, CLICK
Oh mah gah I am HYPED FOR THIS! LOVE YOU BUMBLEBEE CUCUMBERPATCH!
I'M intrigued it sounds so good and i like Benedict's performance
I have been waiting for this since that summer 2017 trailer for BBC Drama. Love it so much.
IM HERE BEFORE THIS GOES VIRAL AND MAY I JUST SAY\n\n\n\nthERe gOEs mY hEArT
So ... he's not a time traveling alien?
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
Good Movie is coming kkkkkkkkkk (and sorry but it's no possible no remember of ParentLock)
when comes it out
Christ that looks depressing just what we all need. Why can't they do a drama about losing a fiver, or drinking an unexpectedly cold cup of tea, or perhaps a smoking tiger with anger issues and a love for left socks. Off to GPs for some anti depressants tomorrow, thanks.
The role looks perfect for Benedit Cumberbatch and I already can't wait for it! Its going to be something without a doubt!
When will we be able to watch it then? x
Why can't anyone in the comments speak English?
I can`t wait. Ah, my love Benedict!
A couple of days ago a couple of dudes drove up to a High School near Rubery in Birmingham, trying to lure a child around 12 to get in their car because they knew her mom. \nI really wish a channel would commission To Catch A Predictor UK. It'd be so popular, plus it'd strike fear into the nonces, knowing they could be exposed to the nation on TV. Please, please, please, please
Shame he doesn't have the TIME STONE
Ben you made this year awesome!\nCan't wait
Book of the week, A bad storm by Theresa Down....................
No Benedict, you are SHERLOCK, you can Find her.
when does it come on ??
Meh, doesn't look as good as The Missing
'The child in time' seems like a good title for a Dr Who episode. The return of the Drs Daughter?
HE WOULD BE SUCH A GOOD DAD IM SO OVERJOYED
Omg yuuuus back at BBC, love a good BBC series especially with benedict
That little girl looks like side eyeing Chloe
Taken: Mild version
This looks like it's going to be great! Can't wait to see it!
Ben and the little girl playing - fills my heart up
I thought this was a Wholock episode because of the title
Don't worry this is Sherlock Holmes he will find her this finna be be a breeze.
Lost a daughter? Don't wonder around! Go to Bake street!!!
Benefit cucumbrhatch
Se Inscreva Se No Meu Canal
Anyone with just an ounce of empathy cannot but be gripped by the power of Cumberbatch in this trailer. My heart and stomach are tight from it.
#we_need_Sherlock_Holmes
Can't wait.....
OMFG SLAY YES BENEDICT HAS RETURNED
SHAUN SHAUN SHAUN
Benedict Cumberbatch\n\n\n\n\nWho?
is this Ian Macqueans novel
When?
Garry about irk
Waaalt!
every film : ben running
Benedict? Okay Im watching this
Bonkyhort Cutiebrunch
Sees Benedict, clicks.
heavy rain
What the fuck
YEES! Benedict and Kelly together?! Deffo gonna watch this
HASSİKTİR BENEDİCT AŞKIM ÇOK SEKSİYLİİ AHHHH
Looks good
Just use your deduction skills, Sherlock!
Nice
Doctor Strange looks fucked
What will happen to Sherlock? Thats it?
Aman benedict sen 5. Sezon çekme de current war ve bunu çek :( üzdü neyse bizde bunlarla idare edecez.Bunu ingilizce yazamıyorum ya yetmedi ingilizcem inş Türk çıkar
awwwww.. Ben!! I must see this!! (but I'm in Germany :( )
Why not make another season of Sherlock if you had time for this :////
Oh look... The McCann's need more money... So another kidnap series... Notice the girl's name is KATE
He lost his kid in the supermarket lol what a dumbass
Oh my god benedict as a dad
I feel like there is going to be a twist...that she has actually died and they are in denial
No effects but it looks like it has not done any editing
Shit
Looks crap
Looks stupid
All to well is the best ts song
I love how Andy keeps trying to stir the pot regarding T Swift and not one of these older celebrities gives a shit
Maggie looks like she's an aristocrat from the 1930's.
THE SCARF IS CLEARLY IN HIS DRAWR, EVEN NOW
its i left my scarf there at your sister house and you still got it in your drawer even now
all too well is not just A song is THE song
In a song?? All Too Well is #That song
Olivia B is a legend for asking that question haha! Especially if that's a false name to honour Taylor's cat!
left my scarf there, at your sister's house, and YOU still got it IN YOUR DRAWER even now.
All too well is such a masterpiece
Wait a minute... what happened to but you keep my old scarf from that very first week, cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me?  \nI thought she was talking about him not his sister.. i mean yes, she left it at his sister's house at one point but then he got it and kept it to himself
it might not have been about jake?
Jake has the scarf. He keeps it in his drawer, even now.
NO he still has it! in his drawer, even now
im sure Taylor has many more missing scarves
'All Too Well' is Taylor's Top 5 best songs. PERIOD. That is a fantastic song, I want her and Jake to get back together and break up so she can write a sequel.
wow people actually ask Maggie about the scarf? lol, it's jake you need to ask!
Lol Maggie doesn't care
Maggie doesn’t have Taylor’s scarf. Taylor specifically says in the song that Jake kept her scarf because it reminds him of innocence and smells like her.
Maybe the song isn't even about Jake after all lol maybe it was another dream of hers that inspired it
Maybe someone can use that scarf and silence Taylor swift.
*ALL TOO WELL IS THE SONG*
i cannot believe it's even trending. FIND THE SCARF ALREADY!!! Taylor needs peace. . . Well, more the Swifties. Lmao.
Taylor is a walking STD. More men than Elizabeth Taylor.
00:40 is that guy 50 cent???
I feel like she should have Kristen scalls voice
Obviously the scarf is Taylor Swift's innocence (virginity). She left it at his sister's house. Swift's Red is actually her best lyrically with metaphors. Her songwriting skills during Red was even compared to that of Leonard Cohen.\n\n\n\nOh, and the album's title is Red. RED!!!!
All to well is the best ts song...https://goo.gl/czCVJA
Rachel Dawes is Jakes brother?! Small world
If she does have the scarf, please God make her cover up that butter face.
All Too Well is her best song
Taylors saying I fucked jake at your sisters house
She been looking grandmothery for the last ten years...she just has one of those grandmother faces
Imagine what'll happen if Taylor releases that 8 minutes version...
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
inquiring minds want to know. god I'm going to retch.
All too well is the best song that Taylor has ever written. Yes, the equivalent to ATW in her other albums are 'back to December', 'clean' etc... but it's by far the most beautiful she has ever composed. It's her 'case of you' know whattamean.
Maggie G. looks like Sloth from The Goonies.
DAFUQ she has on, an aluminum foil dress?
I love Maggie's ring!
រឿងសិច
Shes aging quickly
Give it back!
Why does she look 90?
Secret: Andy Cohen is really......Alex Trebec....
Its my grandma!
50 s laugh...contagious 😂😂😂😂
*Give it back!*
Find in Maggie
Taylor's too ugly for jake anyways... Cringy piece of shit.
well said Maggie who cares, swiftards should get over it, Taylor's  BS is exhausting
All Too Well is the best song to ever exist *period*
Her face reminds me of that old episode of the Twilight Zone, when the old man that was dying made his relatives wear masks to recieve their inheritance. js
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
She's ugly.
I think everyone agrees she's one of the ugliest actresses ever 💯😎
Damn how desperate for 'drama' is he to ask a irrelevent stupid question!!Never mind the person making a career out of bashing old partners/friends..
She might not have that scarf but she sure has the face of a hound dog ...😕😕😕😕
Maggie Gyllenhaal is one of Hollywoods ugliest celebrities.  Proof that you don't need talent or good looks to become famous, just Jewish connections.
WHY DON'T YOU AFRICAN FOLKS GET BACK TO AFRICA AND SPEAK YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES AND LIVE WHERE YOU BELONG AND LEAVE US CAUCASIAN PEOPLE AND OUR ENGLISH LANGUAGE ALONE AND GO FUCK YOURSELVES! GO MIND YOUR OWN AFRICAN BUSINESS IN AFRICA LIKE THE ASIANS MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS IN ASIA LEAVE CAUCASIAN WHITE PEOPLES ALONE. GO HOME. GO MAKE SOME POP AND RAP MUSIC IN YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES IN AFRICA YOU MUDDAFUCKAS!
Probably my favourite album of all time ! :-)
my all-time favorite r.e.m. album.  i only listen to the album on rainy days.
This album is a real masterpiece. Thank you R.E.M.
Automatic For The People changed my life.
This album makes me wanna turn photographer, work with art, create something that matters.... Thank you REM!
When Peter says nothing else that came out that year sounded like that I was thinkingUm Yeah?! That's why you guys were great! Same could be said for Out of Time or Life's Rich Pageant, etc. A band that can write Wendell Gee and Turn you Inside Out, I mean, come on. As for AFTP Star me Kitten and Find the River get me every time. Millsey's background vocals are legend.
Where’s Michael?
Beautiful album, great memories
Yesssssss
I bought AFTP in 1995- I was fourteen.  I would listen to it through headphones and I'd cry myself to sleep...but not because it brought me sadness--  it was just so beautiful.  Try Not to Breathe still makes me cry every time I listen to it.
They never went wrong with Scott Litt. The best producer ever right after George Martin ! Good interviews with Peter and Scott !
OK, I've finally settled on my ranking of R.E.M albums from best to worst, and wish to share it with the world:\n\n1.) FIVE WAY TIE: Chronic Town/Murmur/Reckoning/Fables of the Reconstruction/Life's Rich Pageant\n2.) Out of Time\n3.) Monster\n4.) THREE WAY TIE: Document/Green/Automatic for the People\n5.) TWO WAY TIE: Up/Accelerate\n6.) THREE WAY TIE: New Adventures in Hi-Fi/Around the Sun/Collapse into Now\n7.) Reveal\n\nI'd enjoy a fierce debate with fellow YouTubers :)
One of the greatest albums of all time
I'm hating this video solely due to the fact that they whacked a honking great big preview add on their imitation of life video. Please get rid of it.
Magic, I will be getting this, well done including demos and particularly photograph 👍🏻
25 years. This music is still in my heart. Forever!
Wow! The deluxe edition sounds incredible! Dream scenario right now would be having an awesome surround sound stereo and a weekend to listen to all of their 25th anniversary editions.
Bem que eles poderiam fazer um turne de despedida
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAA BWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Greetings from Chile
Liiiiindo!!!!!demais!!!!!!🎧🎻🎸🎼🎵🎺🎹
Phenomenal work
1:08 Bill?
Meu álbum favorito!
Their best ?
Ignoreland 🤦🏻‍♂️
Thank you
Lindo.📀🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶
Where's Bill? A big part of this album seemingly deleted from history.
Not their best album, but still cool.
Wow she still look Beautiful and still got those pipes! Yass! I love her!
Cece is a good look for the theme song. I love it
Finally is my jam
Finally a new theme song!
Where can I buy and download this version? I love it.
I can only hope when I'm her age I can look even half as poppin' as her!!!!
How does CeCe still look the same since the 90s? WTF.
can't wait to dance during the opening credits of your show.
Have always loved Cece!!!
yessssss
Although I'm gonna miss the How You Doin song, it's time for a change and something fresh! I like this!
Dont change the Theme Song!!! Weeeeeeeeendy! Noooooooo
Cece Peniston is looking good and sounding good, go girl!!
who remembers when she and Suzanne listened to this in the car!?
I was like 10 when that song first came on the radio, she still can sing and still looks great, come through CeCe!
❤❤❤❤❤😍😘🌹 She's still beautiful ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
she looks great!
Yes bring it on seoson 9 wendy
She sounds AMAZING!!
Love you CeCe!!
Hope this title finally isn't the last season @wendy. Cause i can't stay without juicy details😢
She still looks great and sounds great
Whatchall know about this legend?? Cece is everything
oh no keep the original song
Just curious, does anyone know if Wendy started production a week early? Because on twitter I seen recent video's and pics that her studio audience posted from a few days ago.
Cede Peniston's voice is FIRE! Go head girl!
Nooooo don't change the theme song 😩😩😩😩😩😩
DAYUMMM CECE!! U ARE STILL FABULOUS & UR VOICE IS STILL SO AMAZING! LOVED her since 2cd grade!
I doubt this is a new theme song. It's just a promotional song for the new season.
I love ce ce peniston finally and walk on
I love it Wendy Ce Ce is my girl her music I love
Iconic ✨✨✨✨✨
Yees you betta give CeCe a job Wendy!
*Peniston*
love me some CeCe
Wendy loves cici. I loved her music  growing up.
Yaaasss! This song was my jam back in the day, and still is. Cece still has it!
Finally I am so excited.   I love these ladies.  Cece Peniston is BEAUTIFUL!!!. The camera does not doe her justice at all.    I met her once in Chicago. We were standing in Chase bank  inside of the John Hancock where I was working for an advertising company in the building at the time.  She was standing behind me and she ask something and I answered.  I don't remember the question now.  I was shock!  I said your Cece Pippppp. I got her name wrong she corrected so kindly that it was funny.
I'm having a major nostalgia moment. I remember being 9 and dancing around the house to CeCe Peniston's Finally and starting my stuff.
I hear so much Chaka Khanisms in this vocal production that I first I thought it was Miss Chaka herself!
I was obsessed w/ _Finally_ and _Keep on Walkin'._ My lil' friends and I made a step to _Keep on Walkin'._ It was hella cute. I've never invested in a full album though. I'm curious so I will be checkin' on the rest of yo' music, Cece. You can still sing.
Never heard of this lady,.but wow ! such a beautiful voice..
So no more feel it feel it feel it how yo doin??? :((((
Yes I love cc
is Wendy's boobs gettin' bigger 😕😕 lol\ni love her..but i think her boobs is too big for her slim tall body 😂\ni bet she got some boob-less girls jealous..   lol\n\nBut damn Cece...Your pipes still fresh and strong ..😍
I love CeCe's pearl necklace, clutching my own...
I hope this is the new theme song at the start of each episode
Who keeps sending me this videos. of Wendy. She is wack n I don't watch this show.
WHAT. My girl is doing the theme song for my girl Wendy?! YES it's going to be LIT 🔥 Now where is my ticket for my birthday 9/17? On 9/18 I need to be in the building!!
That's my girl....she still got it.!
In here for it
Her speaking voice reminds me of Mariah Carey's.
I hope wendy if you reading this! I'm your biggest fan! My wish is if you can share my channel or like!
Why they keep changing the songs and intro sequences keep the same ones 😤😤
Great promo.   LOVE me some CeCe -- she is a treasure.
Wait until Monday - this Finally could easily be just Promo for the return - she's had her custom how you doin for her career I doubt she drops the show classic theme song...thats why its a theme song lol...this is just promo work
Cece seems like a genuinely happy person & has a nice personality. Something about her reminds me of Taraji P. Henson.
Love her! Long gone are the days of the powerhouse voices over house beats
I'm still doing box braids for just $65. No need to buy hair it's already  included for FREE. Save this number to your phone now and forward it to your friends in Houston. Text 24 hours to 713-five-four-eight-3656.
Well i mean she knows the tea about the celebrities that interest her and Beyonce.  Rest of the tea ?   Not so much
Cece WHERE YOU BEEN????!!!!!!! Wowwwww!!! 😲😲😲😲😳😳😳😳 I used to love you!
Gurl this is a dream come true for Wendy
OMG, she didn't age \none bit!
Liked the old one better
amber rose record lit in the Caribbean https://soundcloud.com/sevyn47/amber-rose-prod-by-accentbeats
I thought it was the series finale or something.
She's still got it!! Love CeCe
back when real music was still made.
I love CeCe Peniston..... great to see her.
Finally is such a timeless bop
this is my first introduction of her, and i love her already, her voice is so Majestic in my ear, its like the voice of African chanter who pray to the nature
Man.....I love CeCe, Inside that I Cried, is still my jam!!
Finally is a atemporal BOP
CECE IS FUCKING LEGEND
😆🎙🎶Keep On, Keep On🎶😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Omg I love finally!!!
Iconic.
Dipping and doing it lol
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Was singing finally yesterday lol
She looks great ❤
My cousin..
sing it, Queen
LOOOOOOOVE U CECE!!!!
ce ce penistan trainer boy friend is using her.
My queen
*FINALLY / CECE PENISTON*\n(Cecelia Veronica Peniston/Felipe Delgado/Elbert Lee Linnear) Wax Museum Music/Mainlot Music, BMI \n\n+WendyWilliamsShow  *Bull's eye!  Right artist for the jingle.* ;-)
She's gorgeous!
J'adore
Cece Bout to be booked n busy 2018 lookin Good
YEAS!!!!! Love CeCe
Yesssss...
Im here for cece. Before 7/27/17, i use to watch Wendy williams FAITHFULLY. I needed wendy in my life & clicked on all her notifications. BUT every since the birth of my newborn, I havent had anytime to catch up 😥 its Amazing how i use to live for wendy until my son came into the world, now he be having me up in the strangest hours & sleep mostly in the day. And since that date i havent seen absolutely nothing from WW. But when i saw Cece Peniston? I was like CLICK .LOL. I just had to share that
Cece Peninston Mine Mine Mine Mine Mine
WOW, she looks amazing!!
Still knockin Cece in 2017 and beyond. I'd love a collab with her and Calvin H. or Disclosure.
YASSSSSS C.C. U Did That!!! 🔥👏🔥🔥👏🔥🔥
LMFAO Wendy is NOT good for the LGBTQ community. She is so homophobic/transphobic. Smh
Wendy Got nasty spaghetti legs
I am going to have to do this with my pigeon!
aww so cute. rats are really underrated pets
I love your videos
Get another rat please I mean... You should get another rat...
you should make an etsy shop!!
I lost one of my ratty girls this time last year that I was very close to. Before we lost her, we pressed her feet into a soft piece of fimo, baked it and then had it silver plated and popped in a frame. Little more expensive way of doing things, but she was worth it, and now we have little silver pawprints to remember her by 🐀 (you could always paint the baked fimo or leave it as it is too)
yeeeees!! a beautiful video with the beautiful little lou bean <3 loved this
We love you so much!!
PLEASE MAKE MORE RAT VIDEOS HE IS SUCH A GOOD BOY
It came out amazing 💕🐁
Little rat paw prints would make such a cute small tattoo!
Watching this weirdly enough comforted me. Been crying since my other half is traveling for 3 weeks from today and anxiety has kicked in (the whole what if this happens to him? Or omg what if he doesn't come back). So thank you for this. It really calmed me 🙂
STEPPIE STAMP! How cute <3
This is BRILLIANT!!! What a awesome idea, thank you. I'm getting my boys and doing this RIGHT now lol. And my dogs as well and my mouse..
I had to say goodbye to my gorgeous baby hammy today and I'm feeling pretty devastated. This video was precious, and really soothed me.🐹✨😘
oh goodness i'm crying at that little card, so cute!!
Aw I want a little Louie! I'm warming to rats since watching your videos 😊 just need to find rats from a nice home or place first xx
This was such a lovely video :') <3
Such a beautiful video!\nWhat brand of watercolor paint do you use? Where did you get your water color brush(es)?
You are such a lovely human. I'd love to drink tea with you and have ratty cuddles xx
Aw, what a well behaved stamp indeed! I'm not sure if it would require too much pressure, but maybe imprint his paws in some clay?
I did this with my hamster and I ended up just diluting the food coloring with water and soaking a paper towel with the mixture. That way he could just keep running though the colors and on to the paper. Worked really nicely and didn't fade! If you try it again I recommend this method ❤️
This was such a precious idea! 💕\n\nI was also a rat mother for three years. My little man's name was Moon and I plan on getting a tattoo for him in the near future. He had two sisters, Starlight and Dreamer, but they did not make it because they were weened off of their mother too early. Moon was a fighter and he made it, then he made my life grand. My father originally got them as food for one of our reptiles, but they were just too cute and my father then switched all of our lizard's food to frozen mice, eggs, and crickets. Moon came into my life at a really important time, I was 17 years-old and had gotten some bad news about my health. So he made me a mother and he was the best pet ever. I wish I had done a cute little art project like this with him.\n\nThank you so much for sharing your and Louie's adventures and love with us. ❤️
This is such a lovely video :) my girlfriend and I have 4 rats, Kronos, Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. I've been looking for a gift idea for her and she happens to adore the rats, so this is something I could give her as a gift :)
This is an adorable idea... I think I know what my little rat is doing this weekend.
What a great idea! I'll have to do this with my kitties!
yup, definitely doing this tonight with my girls. I don't have food coloring but I think beetroot juice and some butterfly pea tea will do just fine.
Kiera- I need to thank you so so so much for this video. 1)i love rats 2) your painting was so good so so nice. This idea made me tear up a little, because its so much more than a picture. It's something ur little rat touched and made. I will do this with my pets. <3
I misread this as painting WITH ratson, idea for better video
Beautiful! Loved this idea! Makes me want to do this with my corgi.
I had a big ol' smile the entire time I watched this video! What an adorable idea!! <3
Oh goodness, his feet are SO CUTE!
I love this so much, ratties are such beautiful little creatures, and it's wonderful to see I'm not the only one who's a crazy rat mumma! So adorable ❤️
Maybe just test out the non toxic paints before you subject Lou to it haha. Test it on the paper you intend to use and nail polishes or other clear preservatives over top to see if it holds. (I never think of this shit before I try new things either) I thought you were going to lay down a cardboard maze with the paper underneath it with a thin layer of paint near the beginning which he would track through. You could make one cardboard maze, rotate it, put a different paint near the start, and even if you didn't get good prints you would have paint scuffles that have an artistic winding to them. \n\nMy personal anecdote related to paw painting: I was in the living room of a rental painting with India ink on the table. I don't even remember what I was drawing! So I finish up, mostly clean up and go take a shower. I never know what to do with the remaining watered down India ink. I'm not going to pour it back in but it seems a waste to toss it. So I left it out on the table. I go into my room after my shower and realize my cat, who never does this, is under my bed. He seems distressed. I realize there's a few India ink paw print tracks in my room and the living room and the table. It made me laugh so much. I managed to clean it all up, except for a blurred par print on the stone of the propane fireplace. So he left his mark there. (And I did get my deposit back). I almost wish he had tracked it over paper so I could have kept it. He also luckily didn't get sick. It was pretty cute to see him ashamed. It was so unusual and so interesting that he seemed to grasp the concept that he did something wrong.
Omg that is such a good idea! I might do that with my kitty, probably have to leave a trail of treats for her to do it but it'd be fun. \nWish we did that for my sister's and my previous pet ratties and miceys. Sadly my sister's eldest rat Jerry passed away this evening :( Lou reminds me alot of him actually, such a cutie pie he was. He's in ratty heaven now with his brother Ben (they was names after the brand Ben & Jerrys icecream).
This is so sweet! Such a lovely idea, I might have to have a go with my pets... although the horse will be rather interesting to do...
I started with a hamster, and I have mice now... but it's gonna have to be ratties next! I love him!!!! <3
This is so precious I'm crying aaaaa it came out so well 😭❤️
This video is so precious! I love it! (^_^)
you are sooooo creative :) you have to get one of your leaf drawings tattooed
That is the cutest bloody thing! 💕
LOVED this video! It was so sweet to see such a special moment between you and Louis. :) Perhaps my favorite video of yours all year! <3
More painting with Louis! I love it
I love all your videos but this is just so cute, it's such an original idea as well 😊❤️
I was just going to add next time maybe just mash up some blueberries and raspberries to use as paints? It would have more of a watercolor effect but could be more effective when drying and safe for little bean to lick himself clean! :D Loved this video and I want to try it with my boys now too <3 xo
I am gonna do this with my rats! 💖🐀
Watching this with my 4 rattos clambering over me. Must try something similar, they're really lovely.
Next time you could try using really well mashed blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, or pomegranates. All of them should be completely safe for him to eat and they stain really well. I've tried painting with them before and would recommend doing a test on paper to see what you like most because the colors will change as they dry. They might stain his fur for a bit though.
Painted by Lou and mum 😭 that is the cutest!!! Xx
This is such a sweet and creative idea! Lou is so adorable, such a sweet little rat 🐀. They look awesome and I love the little card 🌟. Such a cute picture 💖.
This is the most precious thing I've ever seen I would buy these pieces done by a beauty and a bean ❤️
this is the best video i've ever seen
oh my goooooood. i wanna do this with my babies. but they are not as keen on being held without having their feet supported... so cute <3
this is a great idea. not sure my recent boys will like getting painty feet...hmmmm
your rattie art is gorgeous ! i managed to get footprints in that foamy air drying clay that u use for babies handprints of my two g.pig boys Pumpkin and Erik.
Such a cute idea! I wish I were as creative as you are. Would love to have something similar from my dog, Molly ❤️
I love this idea! So cute, I tried doing this with my ratties when they were little using kids paint, it didn't work very well because they were very frantic little beans running about, but kids paint is non-toxic so that might be an option to use if you try again?  🐀❤️
RATTIESSS!\nI love all your videos but your rattie videos are my fave <3
I just saw the 5 seconds that play when you hover over a video and my heart just melted and I exploded in 'AWWWHH's when I saw little bean painting!! <3 now ill actually have to carry on watching!
Try using hair spray over the prints. 😊
Hey Kiera I'm an artist so I thought I'd help. Paint needs a binder to stick, otherwise it will flake off once totally dry (which takes time). If you use just food coloring it will dust off a little, but most of it will actually absorb into the paper (if you are using cheap poreus paper which for this rat friendly project is likely the best idea. If you'd like literal paint, rather then in ink (which food colouring can fall under)  try priming a canvas with chalk based gesso, and making an egg tempera but with food coloring instead of other not so safe to eat pigments!!
I want to try this with my cat and my 3 dogs. Maybe I should put different colours on each one 😍 This is such a bloody wholesome video, I love it so much!
I don't know if my rats will stay still enough for me to stamp them but this is such a great idea! I think I'm gonna try making some pressed flower art with rattie stamps
I love your painting videos they relax me so much :D this is such a cute idea, too! Wish I'd have done something similar with my cat before he passed away, memories are so important! x
I looooooooove the colours of the blue/ green/ gold one!!
awww this is so sweet!! what a talented little bean! I want to do this with my two girls now :') <3
I'm crying this is so cute!!! You are such a great rattie mum! Staying home to be with him is the sweetest :))))))
Louie looks like Dewey from Malcolm in the Middle
I used fimo clay (which you can bake) to make my rats paw prints.\nI softened the clay really well (you can get a specific clay softer, but I just used my hands) dunked their feet in flour and 'stamped' them. Really quick and you can turn the prints into a necklace charm!
You're on the trending! This is so cute, I've been waiting for another rat video for ages!💗
R.I.P   DAR DAR BEEN
Inhuman screeching
Yucky rat!
Awwww
So lovely and youre so inventive Kiera! :D x
Sooo cute
Matt the fat rat
Issa rat
They're such cute misunderstood animals ❤️
Adorable, great job!!!!!\n         🐈☮🕉
aww how cute 😊😁Louie is so adorable !
💜💚💜
I love your pint
So adorable!
This is so precious omg ❤️❤️❤️
Awww, what a cutie!
Brilliant idea! ❤💚
Tattoo idea: Paw Print ???
Großartige Idee 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Louie is my favourite rat ❤❤💕
This is soooo cute! Louinardo DaVinci, haha 😂👌❤
your rat really needs another rat friend. im sure you can find another male around the same age.
Can someone please explain to me how this is trending? Only has 11k views
Please tell me where you got that frame from? Iv been looking for one just like it to put pictures in from when me and my boyfriend went on the Harry Potter tour. Thank you!
I hope Louie lives forever! 😘
omg... all of the other rats passed away i am sooo sorry i literally starting sobbing once i heard that i loved ur pet rats sm now i feel bad for always saying more rat videos more rat videos i am so sorryyyy ;((((((((((
I think it would be fine to use a non-toxic paint and pop him straight in the bath afterwards. It's such a sweet idea and such a special thing to have, it's a shame for them to fade away. How old is Louis? He's such a gorgeous boy and looks so young and spry.
Is he a dumbo rat? I LOVE his floppy ears
Nothing against you but, why do you call an animal your son, you know it's not. If you wanna have a son go and make yourself a proper one.
JonTron Video with 300,000 Views in 50 Minutes = Nowhere on the Trending Page\n14,000 Views in 2 Days = 16 On the Trending Page\n\nOut of curiosity, how much *does* is cost to bribe YouTube to be on the Trending Page?
Donate and help out by visiting https://handinhand2017.com/
I live in Florida and I had to evacuate, over 6 million people evacuated the roads were insane. I slept two days in my car on an area rest because there was no hotels available, and took shelter in a church. Im trying to vlog all of this but I don't have how to upload it now. Im currently on my way back to Florida, I don't know what to expect. I tried to contact neighbors to see what's going on in my region but had no luck reaching them. Im scared of going back to a completely destroyed home. Not to mention that power is still off for millions of people. If you have a chance please pray for Texas and everyone that was affected by Irma. This is truly a very scary and sad situation.
Diddy ugly ass worth over 500 million and he's out here asking all you broke people to donate what little you have!😂😂😂
this seem so fake to me
The absolute height of Liberal insanity; blaming the whether on Trump and Terrorism.\nABSOLUTE FUCKTARDS.
are this a South Park episode?
the jets changing our #climatechange for decades. Share and care, peace and love for all.
They couldve gave themselves as well this is crazy
The Globe is warming soooooo fast, that our Antarctic ice caps are refreezing at the most rapid pace in recent history! I never knew how such hot temperatures could freeze water so fast!
I am sorry but I do not have a red or grey hand so I feel your logo is just not reaching me.
We can do it together and I hope that all this money does good to all the people who need it
justinnnnnn!!!!! i love you, i hope you get a lot of money to help them
Global Warming, Climate Change, or what ever you are calling that scam, is a hoax!  Stop taking the Red Pill.
very sad ,and it could happen anywhere and will ,but we americans WILL ALWYS SURVIVE AND MOVE ON ,,,,,GOD BLESS US
These celebrities don't disappoint, do they? They really know how to make it about them. I've already donated to legitimate relief funds that didn't wait for a televised spot on all 4 major networks.
Four feet of water in my home in Meyerland. These bastards can go to hell! We as Houstonians did just fine without their look at me act like an ass benefit.
A disturbing number of people (kids?) commenting here seem to have a massive hard on for these elitist celebrities and have no problem elevating them to near god-like status. I guess should expect as much from your run-of-the-mill MTV audience. I hope that one day many of you will wake up and come to the realization that the elites don't give a shit about you.
GLOBAL WARNING IS A FRAUD....!!!!!!!    BUT YOU ARE SO NAIVE YOU    BE LIE VE      THEIR LIES....!!!
CAME HERE FOR TORI\nI LOVE U TORI\n\nBTW ISN'T IT IRONIC THE RICHEST CELEBRITIES ARE BEGGING FOR PEOPLE TO DONATE? DON'T THINK THEY DONATED A FRACTION OF WHAT THEY HAVE
this event is filled with so many secret transgenders, it's a hoot
Cam den, here is the answer: These Entertainment People have been playing a big role in bringing these disasters upon us, like hurricanes, tornados, floods, fires, and so on. These people have been paralyzing us by drugs, alcohol, on their TV, and movies with all kinds of sex and music to the point that our people are not able to think anymore, and they do not know who created them from ejected semen, just read those posts. These are the people who made us a Godless nation. Another reason for these disasters are those illiterate preachers who have been raping our hearts and souls with fake information for just a few $. You Have All The Rights to Deny, and Reject All of These Existing Fake and False Religions! But, now we have the Scientifically Proven Scripture based on Mathematics the Exact Science, which tells you the truth about our Creator, but again this same media have been trying so hard to hide it from our people ever since 40 years ago. It says if you DO NOT thank your Creator every day for the roof over your head, for your jobs in order to get His provisions, for your health, protections, and happiness, and if you do not pay 10% of your earnings to the needy relatives, fatherless children, and homeless people, then DO NOT expect any protection from your Creator, although He has given us enough respites. This is the only message could save you, otherwise you are only going to suffer before our Land Lord Creator evict you from His temporary dwelling.
why cant all these celebs donate among themselves instead of asking us for dough. Its a joke.... when will the sheeple wake the f___ up....
This would be a beautiful thing if the money actually went to the people who need it. Yes the real America helped each other and showed their compassion, but all of you celebrities are doing nothing more than what you get paid to do, and that is act.
Damn 😕Stevie wonder never age he looks younger and younger every time I see him he  been in the music business before  Micheal Jackson 👑 was dominating the music business in the 80s and  and he still look younger than most 30 or or 40 year olds
you want us to donate money to rich people living in exotic locations who are too stupid to get insurance? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA !  HELL NO !!!
I wont donate to anthing Clinton  and Bushes are involved in. They will steal.it and give it to the rich
This is sad they asking us for money knowing we struggling helping each other as it is now, they rich they need to give some money, we need all we got.
17:18 : is that David Copperfield in the back seat ? Couldn't he use some of his magic (dollars) to speed\n things up a lilbit?
I like how they talked about Aric playing piano but the video of him playing was muted
I like that they used unlikely duos.
Hey MTV, why not show the full clip of Stevie Wonder in the beginning?  Not only his out of place, badly timed ad hominum toward those who might donate, but his insensitive Xian prayer that he sneaked into his speech.
WORSE CONCERT, EVER,  for relief efforts. It was completely audaciously arrogantly pathetically...political. Damn liberals. Why is it that every so-called, self-entitled Artist, is usually a hypocrite democrat liberal? Why? \nI was going to donate my hard-earned hundred dollars to the benefit. But since it was political in every respect, I kept the money. Besides. Those homes/businesses/property damaged, will be more than graciously funded by the federal and state governments. \nNot only that. But being that the entire concert was pathetically relating everything in the world to theoretical global warming. And calling Americans...Idiots, I highly doubt any amount of money donated would go to hurricane relief.  \nShameful. Pathetic. A mildly active year in the Atlantic, and liberal hypocrites proclaim it is the end-of-the-world, with Greenhouse effect, happening globally. \nNext time. Just play some music. Keep politics out-of-it, and you'll get plenty of donations. But artists calling people/viewers, Idiots, is totally uncalled for and extremely biased. And artists proclaim they are not racist. You are fine being next to a liberal so long as you do not disagree with them.
Subscribe To my YouTube channnel \nMusic videos and fun content
Very low views because a sermon from the left bashing the Right
This fund raiser would not have happened if The Donald had not out up a mil. this is not an honest fund raiser its a feel good leftie back rub for their own strike at Trump
they all can do it themselves. they are all rich right there. why are they asking money from us.  if your going to donate, go yourself over or do it  thru  someone u trust#jesus loves#jesus saves
Was this logo designed by a communist?
Might want to change the 1984 victory logo of the event
Weird, I remember Beyonce's Formation video showing an officer drowning in hurricane Katrina clean up.  She is scum
This is only #21 on trending? It oughtta be #1!!!
I live in Florida born and raised and haven't seen any relief money will we the ppl really be helped??
The sad thing is that it takes something like this for us to help each other. That's the problem.
Fakest people on planet earth under one roof.
What if you physically don't have another hand to give.
Well put together, Aloha from Honolulu Hawaii
they even got the despacito guy!
Proverbs 11:21 (KJV)\n\nThough hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.\n\nDon't fear the storm fear the LORD, turn to Jesus as your lord and savior.
beyonce said everything i am thinking ❤️💙👏🏼all my love and prayers are with those hurting
We need you to donate all your money while we get more money from this event than you have in your entire life!\n\nShut up and take my money.
Does anyone realise that that room is worth billions? Raising 14 million dollars sound like a joke to me(considering having them all there). And Apple donated 5 mil of it. I know they have a good purpose. I can appreciate that. But that could be much more if these filthy rich people weren't this stingy. I feel bad for the world but today I especially feel bad for those victims. God bless them and protect them.
We're the actors really talking to people or is that more used as a visual representation of people giving to make other people give?
*Y'all know you ain't answering no damn phones!*
JJ watt collected 31 million real dollars compared to your 14 million fake pledge dollars and he was at ground zero passing out food and water Hollywood calling the working man a racist and a nazi than begs him for money so hmmmm give u greedy fucktards money or jj watt i went with jj i encourage the rest of hard working Americans to do the same
More left-wing propagandists making money off of a disaster.  I have to wonder what percentage will ever make it to the people who need it.  Good Lord, these hateful, left-wing hypocrites make me want to puke.  So full of themselves.
These damn celebrities good give a rat's ass about the common people! They live in their own fantasy world with selfies! Bunch of hypocritical morons that are out of touch with the common people!!
Money  raised by a bunch of liberals, only a fraction of the money will go for helping those in need, the rest will go in their pockets, Please give to another organization, these folks already have to much money,
Dont there just going to take them money and run like the rich always do I am taking them a truck load of fresh water next week help how you can
The comment section is frustrating...
I bet they had a really good time and they partied just inflating their egos these celebrity dirtbags
Nice, but you celebs are idiots! If you each give 1m, so much will be done! I'm never buying a ticket to a concert seeing that these celebs can't truly give back after earning so much from us. Just ridiculous!
Ah MTV. When we aren't busy ruining the very fabric of your family by corrupting your kids with immoral values and depravity, we like to all hold hands and take one day out of the year to give back ;)
Collectively these entertainers have a net worth in the multiple billions and maybe as high as $15 billion.  Oprah alone is worth $3 billion.  Many of them are worth multiple 100's of millions.   How much of their extra money did they give?  Too many of them had to make their political agendas heard where there was no need in this sort of event.  This is one of the major reasons they could only raise $44 million while having exposure on multiple networks.   To put this in perspective the Jerry Lewis Telethon in 1990 raised $44 million (1990 dollars) and had much less exposure.   Most people were turned off and would rather donate through other avenues.
don't donate to them because most of the money goes to making this video ads etc.
Those celebrities were all paid to answer the phones on tv.... from donations. And many were seen joking around. The rich don't care. Ever seen a celebrity actually volunteer .... by doing manual labor for more than a few minutes??
Hurricane Harvey - I Won't Be Afraid By Goldy Locks\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgRXYRlQ1is\n:-)  :-)  :-)
Cam den & ReligionwhistleBlower, Here is how media and entertainment society brainwashed us. They have been showing us that it is ok to go all around the world to those poor countries and kill millions of their innocent people and take away their natural resources. They have been showing us that it is ok to kill 10 million Native Americans together with their buffalos. They have been showing us that black lives don’t matter. They showed us that it is ok to throw atomic bomb and kill innocent people. They took away the name of our Creator from the face of our nation and they let those illiterate preachers who worship idols mislead us, that is why the Angeles of the Almighty, the drives of the wind bring down 1900 tornados upon them every year plus floods, fires, and hurricanes, and mudslides. Our media have been showing us that fast foods are good for us, yet every year people are dying of cancers and many other diseases instead of a normal death. They have been showing us that chemical fertilizers are good, and they say spray your food with chemical poisons it is good for you. Our media have been showing us that polluting the air is ok and we don’t get lung cancer because of that. They have been promoting cigarettes; alcohol and gambling in order for us to die of lung cancers, accidents, family problems, and divorces. They have been promoting all kinds of sex, adulteries and homosexuality in order for us to get different diseases and aid killing 49 million so far. They have been showing us that killing our own people it is ok, that is how they have been promoting guns for all. They have been showing us that white color crimes are ok, that is why they do not charge those highly educated criminals. Everything our media have taught us is against the laws of our creator. You are right they have been hiding the awesome message of our creator based on mathematics ever since 40 some years ago. The crimes that media have committed are far greater than all of those criminals from the beginning of time combined. Leaving the system of our creator only brings down suffering and disasters upon us. Therefore, when the Almighty sends His next disaster just make sure that is the consequence of our own wrong doings, so do not complain. His law is, “Nothing happens to you if you follow the rules of our Creator”.
14:29 too much surgery lool
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE 😍
Selena Gomez 😍😍😍😍
Selena and Ariana?!!
Does anybody not realize the Masonic handshake.
Selena literally didnt shed one tear
Jared Leto 😍💖💖
29:06 DAVE Matthews!!!
Red Cross caught throwing away donations https://youtu.be/P1ChQxiltBI
19:54 😭
Stealing money!
...IN JESUS NAME, I/WE PRAY, AMEN.
48:22 who is he?!
Reading most of the comments for hand n hand some very disturbing.\nAnyway we all subjected to our own opinion. We can't stop natural disaster but can help after it hpn.\nTimes like these is very heartbreaking to see but if we not living as God want us to probably a disaster needed to hpn in order for us to come together as a family n help each other. \nHand n Hand if u all can maintain wat u doing, u all can n will make a great difference in people life.\nShe say Even d scrums from d master table will make her hole , a rich man waste is a poor man's  wealth .wat since it make to pride our self in riches , hand n hand if u all can record every step of d way contributions ah being made. \nHand n Hand shud become the major world aid funding organizations.
By the way... do you say WHERE to get the AID for those people that need it?.. I don't see that anywhere. Remember when Hillary got all that money for Haiti? She and Bill KEPT all that money and oh gave some to their rich friends. To this day, people in Haiti have NOT seen any of that money!
u guyz suck.
Justin is the cutest❤️
Gloria a Deus 🙏
Great, GREAT country!!!!
Vẽ tranh tường mầm non giá rẻ tại Hà Nội và toàn quốc, Với hơn 10 năm kinh nghiệm trong ngành vẽ tranh tường, chúng tôi sẽ trang trí cho không gian của bạn thêm năng động, lung linh https://goo.gl/7EZPDC\nTham khảo thêm: http://vetranhtuongngocvy.com/\nhoặc fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/vetranhtuongngocvy/
One good thing about music, when it hits you feel no pain.....\n-----Robert Nesta Marley
These intense storms were NOT due to Global Warming.\n\n*** They were due to Solar Flares from our Sun. Perfectly normal and healthy. ***\n\nPlease attribute things properly with accurate education \n\nI am profoundly grateful to see so many came together and raise 44+ million. <3 <3 <3
Oh wow so much hate in the comments. No wonder America is going to the dogs. I do pray for the victims of Irma and Harvey and I appreciate the work the heroes, celebs and communities are doing to help them. For all those haters out there who think its silly for rich celebs to ask others for money, clearly you don't get how it works. Billions of dollars in damages is what people are facing. You seriously expect the celebs to all empty their accounts. No. They will give what they can: probably a million or two but even more because of who they are they can raise so much more. How many ppl would want to have a chat with George Clooney or Justin Bieber or OPRAH (not Orcca or Opera. Ridiculous). The answer is thousands if not millions. If these thousands each donate $10 that's at least $10,000 that can go a long way. Celebs are very influential, whether you like it or not. One message from Queen Bey or Nicole Kidman or JT and you're diving for the phone. I'm all the way in Africa making peanuts and I wanted to donate. Still wish I could. So get over the hate, hold someone's hand and help how you can. If you can't do that well God help you.
Beyoncé!!!!😊😊😊best speech❤❤
Who came here for Dave Matthews?
Why is everyone so mad?
It was a nice gesture all these celebrities seemingly showing REAL concern for victims of ALL these tragedies but let's GET REAL FOR MINUTE. By the show's end Billy Crystal said that had raised 14 million 500 thousand something. First, there were more than 14 celebrities participating in the show and let's just say each of them donated a million of their millions or billions ( P. Diddy ALONE COULD OF DONATED 20 MILLION WITHOUT FLINCHING, SAME FOR JULIA ROBERTS,GEORGE CLOONEY,ADAM SANDLER) then HELLO they would have had WAY MORE than 14 million in an hour!!!And 2,  I am a disabled single parent who is in school FULL TIME with poverty level income and still have already amassed 2 truckfuls of donations of ALL KINDS. Money,food,blankets,clothes (for every member of a family), toys, toiletries etc.and sent it to further south (I'M IN FLORIDA)because I don't even have a decent vehicle to take it myself! IT'S RIDICULOUS! THE RICHEST 1% asking the other 99% for help! WE ALREADY ARE!! REALLY?!!! GET OFF THE PHONE AND GO TO THE DESTRUCTION AND OFFER YOUR HELP FOR REAL!! #HUMANITY #MUST #STAND #TOGETHER #TO #OVERCOME
Please email me if you interested in helping harvey and Irma victims we can help but we need the funding to make. A project on this grand of a scale a reality so if you can extend a helping hand our purpose is to serve the public and to those in need the world is so dark we need to help each other out \n\nWe specialize in blackout and brownout and situations we are here to help but we need your help to mass produce this product to help those who need it!!!\n\nContact info for funding or lending to Coolerator Products Inc. \n\nAsk For The Director And President \n313-458-3092
it is so nice to see how everyone joins to help their country no matter who they are.                  the president was not invited xD
I wish all of you who are complaining have already donated. Y'all just complain. At least these celebrities are doing something.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
34:02 Stephen Colbert\n46:06 Jon Stewart\nThat is all.
Luís Fonsi ❤ #Brasil
Darius Rucker is my man crush
It's alright for Juncker. He's an old man! He can create this shit for a considerable percentage of the world's population, take the money and enjoy it for his last remaining few years. Everybody else is screwed! Why would ANY country want ANY of that shit!?
6k views... how is this trending?
I love Brexiting, I am delighted to be getting away from this horrible shower of Cunts.\nThe pain and unhappyness that has been caused to Remoaners, has also been of great delight to me.
Saying it as it is !!
Brexit has been a disaster.
LOL he is right though, i wish we just did a hard brexit and pay no divorce fee at all, screw them we can trade with every were else.
Thankfully soon we will no longer have to listen to him.
Comparing the EU to Eastern Europe under the Soviets is actually disgusting. People were massacred in their droves, Matyas Rakosi, the first Communist Leader of Hungary is known as the Bald Butcher. People were starving while grain was being sent to the USSR. The cunt needs to get his head out his arse and not chat complete shit. Imagine if he'd said the same thing about Germany but comparing their current economic status with what they had under Fascism?
Juncker, the drunk junkie, wants all the toys. So he can break them, when he feels like it.
If you had given Cameron concessions, the brexit vote would never ever have happened Or if David Cameron weren't a self interested twat lmao
Well said Farage 👍
pure scum talking rubbish! which school he attended this cunt?
Any guesses when the next EU bailout will be?\n\nWill it be Greece or Italy?
What an hypocrite, he acts as he cares of East Europeans, after his Brexit polish & East Eu were first to be attacked by him Nigel farrage Brexiteers supporters, and now most polish and east Eu are preparing to leave as there no promise for them of staying except fake sweet promises
We need other countries in Europe who want to leave the EU to stand up, and take action!\n\nBe proud of your unique history, and its culture.
A little history lesson for you the majority of the British government never wanted to be part of the EU in the first place it was the conservatives who wanted it and went out of their way to invest money into the EU project. the conservatives were voted out and labor stepped in wanting to back away but because we had already invested so much into the EU we were to prideful to just walk away partly due to the money and partly because of the absolutely disgusting (and very typical) attitude of the french towards us at the time an attitude which has never changed. We stayed with the eu despite this but made referendums to our membership one thing that was universally agreed on was the retention of the pound sterling as throwing everything into the euro wold have been stupid, this later turned out to be accurate. anyhooo timeline\n\nThe United Kingdom made its first application to join in 1961. It was quickly apparent that there was a danger of political isolation within Western Europe, Commonwealth states were rushing to do deals with the new bloc, and it had American support. This application was vetoed by the French Government in 1963 with a second application vetoed by the French again in 1967. It was only in 1969 that the green light was given to negotiations for British membership. The United Kingdom joined the European Economic Community (as it then was) on 1 January 1973 with Denmark and Ireland. This proved controversial at the time. The Labour party initially sought renegotiation of membership. This was toned down to requiring a referendum on whether the United Kingdom should remain part of the Community. This referendum was duly held in 1975 with a 67% vote in favour of continued membership.
They are utter fanatical maniacs.\n\nI think a spirit of delusion has entered them.\n\nThey remind my of the verse\n\nThen entered Satan into Judas, and from that time he sought an occasion to betray Jesus.
Phones are not to blame for this condition. The problem is that people suck... and its difficult to relate or form healthy and kind relationship with them.
Problems with phones...\n   They're not substancial enough to drive nails or screws...\n   They don't come with attachments to remove pet hair or get a damn thing out of A/C vents...\n    Not aerodynamic AT ALL...\n    They make a terrible sound and start smoking when you piss in them...\n    They don't run on water... (or under it apparently)...\n    They seem to HATE ice cream...\n    Sure, they're a perfect window to all the knowledge, technology, and skills around the world... until you actually NEED it (like a real emergency)... and then you can't connect either! So... you're still on your own.\n    They don't handle well in the snow...\n    They don't deal with sand or heat very well...\n    Absolutely no personal common sense at all... (smart? pah... it's as dumb as a rock)\n    Lazy... These things... All they do is make noise and flashy lights. They lay about BEGGING for attention, and once you get started giving in to that... It just NEVER f***ing ends!\n    Delicate... Go ahead, keep it in your back pocket and forget it when you sit down... GO AHEAD!\n    They can't drive. Navigation aids are great and all, but you know what else is great? A F***ing MAP!\n     They taste like SH*T! Even if there was any nutritional value (there isn't) it isn't worth trying.\n      They're expensive as F***! Can you believe that price? Honestly, for that kind of price on a damn phone, it should have a hooker paid for a year IN FULL to play with my n**s whenever I'm using it!\n     Irresponsible...Just leave the phone (smart, my ass) in charge of your house for a week and SEE WHAT HAPPENS... hope you don't have pets if you try this...\n     \n    Now, you might argue that not everything in this list has something to do with the so-called Intended use or application of a phone... BUT it's supposed to be a smart phone, so it should surely be able to score something somewhere... It's supposed to be multi-purpose but that just doesn't seem to fit either... Think about that. :o)
What the fuck was that ending? Our phones should tell us what to think and feel in a utopian future? \n\nBrave new world much?
only after looking this video，I realised that I had been kidnapped by my phone for a long time!
independance is what makes us self suifficent. dependance is like having no own opinion (self) and therefor letting other people decide what happens with you.\n\nWith phones, the people who make the phones.
will be great how to use a phone like we use land line
Every one of these videos is an existential crisis waiting to happen
Sorry, but I'm calling bullshit on this one.\nThe human race has had tens of thousands of years to improve morally, and it never happens. We are closer than ever to annihilating the planet and everything on it. We are bored, lonely, and ignorant: A cellphone removes all that anxiety and suffering. It cancels the many unbearable hours we must spend waiting -- in the doctor's office, in the dentist's office, for a cab, for a movie to start, etc. It's the best invention ever. It's your mind's friend, teacher, and counselor; for instance, on Amazon's website, you get reviews of products. Those reviews have save me from making terrible purchasing decisions, information I can hardly get anywhere else, and certainly not as quickly.\n\nDon't be a Luddite. Embrace and enjoy the latest technological breakthroughs, like CGI movie effects. I remember the old movies and TV; they were in black-and-white and laughably cheesy: Superman would jump through a window and then be seen held up by cables flying faster than a speeding bullet. It was unwatchable then and now. No, you can go back to horse and buggy days if you want, say, join the Amish; not me, my computer gives me countless hours of information, discussion, entertainment, and more. And you don't have to put with endless bores wasting your time telling you how the world is, or that I need Jesus to be happy, or that I need to buy that item now before it's sold out, which it never is.\n\nWe love our technology for a reason: It provides a better life, a more interesting life, a life where you are in charge, rather than being bossed around or led astray. Goodbye 20th century, and good riddance!
We deserve pity for having been born in such primitive times
good thing i only use my phone to steal my neighbours wifi to give it to my pc and think about philosophy and science all day
well that was depressing
The problem with our Cell Phones is that they do so much that they suck at making phone calls
they have bad battery life and cost too much, then lenovo made the lenovo P2 and fixed that
I somehow one day just switched to a feature phone -  something I could use only for calls and SMSs. This video sounds like an afterthought, but nails the point nonetheless. Do we not realise already that we have come to a point that the cost of carrying smartphones has far exceeded the benefits? The choice - to give up our smartphones or not - is ours, but definitely worth attending to. Most importantly,  I guess a smartphone is a metaphor  for our all-pervading collection of gadgets and even the internet too.
Use the phone as a tool, don't be a tool used by the phone.
One thing I agree about the affect of phones is that they not only prevent us from self-reflecting, but also from being present. Whenever we see or experience something amazing, the first thing that comes to mind is taking a photo of it. For example, after witnessing beautiful scenery in a foreign land, most of us don't even stop to soak it all in. It's almost as if the main reason we went there in the first place was for showing off and taking selfies. We witness a personal favorite actor somewhere and the first thing that pops into mind is taking a photo; not thinking of possible questions to ask if we could. How often do we get to witness these things? Then why do we tend to spend them in such superficial ways? I think it's because we're so confident that we have all of the answers of the world in the palm of our hand (literally) that the only thing we can do is try to prove ourselves to others, missing out on life in the process.
watching it on my phone and seeing myself in it with every word.\nI think Alanis Morrisette wrote a song about this feeling.
I'm 29 and never had a smart phone . Any one else ?
Interesting stuff as usual. Had me thinking about these new thousand dollar phones. Remember when their primary goal was to communicate with each other? Its funny how we have moved away from that.
I have started leaving my phone indoors... makes a huge difference, takes some getting used to
Still want a new iphone x for myself
What kind of tinder is that?
Just brilliant. Thank you for this insight.
I never feel addicted, is that good?
This true. Watching stuff on my phone to calm down the anxiety caused by waking up for work, forcing myself for a major work that i need to complete, before making  stressful decisions etc. And afterwards, when i get home, i eat to feel the comfort again. Only a thought self therapy can help to reevaluate things and assure myself that these things that cause stress are just everyday tasks like getting dressed.
I don't own a smart phone. I do have a desktop PC through which I access the Internet, though. One of the old, big tower kind. It's distraction enough. :)
some people love their phones so much...they put them up their ass...and have to go to the emergency
So the answer to phone addiction... Is better phones? Hmmm somehow I don't think we need to go deeper into this rabbit hole... It's like saying the answer to coffee that helps us to get things done and stay interested, is meth, which REALLY helps us get things done and stay interested. Phones and computers should be regulated by the government. Sounds crazy but it should be that way. They already have power over us with nuclear weapons and superior firepower. But we are the ones that elect them so in that sense we will always have power over them until. Or do we? Reduce phone usage and we reduce the brainwashing of the internet (through manipulated memes, biased feeds and tailored adverts) and we can elect better government. It's as simple as that. But the government doesn't want us to be out of their grip. Once they had television, now they have internet
why does  school of life hate on capitalism  so much?
louis c k said the same on smart phones
Hey guys, I'm the special snowflake ! I don't have a phone, I only read books, I am very sportly, young, I take care of my nutrition (I only eat vegetables though not being a vegan) ; people think I'm smart and humble !\n\n\n\n\nNah jk im a fat student buddy trying not to spend too much time on videogames and crappy memes
When you look back in your life and remember the happiest moments, do they all have something in common? I thought that probably for most of us,  those were the moments where we felt totally absorbed in something we loved to do, to a point where we forgot about time and about ourselves and everything around ..Like when you get lost in a book, in a piece of music you play or when you feel one with the nature. Or when you get into a deep conversation with a friend, watch a great movie or  a concert...  You get into a kind of flow. \n\nI don't have a smart phone, because I thought it would constantly bring me back to the surface.  And surface is absolutely the place where you suffer the most! Imagine all the situations I described above: A phone that makes strange noises at any unexpected moment would ruin it all. \n\nWell I don't mean to offend anyone, this is just a personal thing and I confess that I have a total  obsession with silence and my phone is turned off 99 percent of the time. \n\nBut here is a quote by Nietzsche that is worth keeping ALWAYS  in mind: \n\nThe greatest events  of our lives - they are not our loudest but our stillest hours”\n\n Imagine that you have your favourite cake in front of you. But if you get lost in some thoughts while eating it, you may suddenly realise that the cake is gone!  You just ate it without even noticing it! ( It happened to me more than once with all sorts of muffins! :- ) \n\n If we spend our counted days on earth with constant distraction, in the end,  we may feel this way about our lives  ... We won't know where it  has gone...\n\nAs T. S. Eliot said: \n\nWe get  distracted from distraction by distraction. \n\nThat's the greatest danger.\n\nI don't mean to sound too dark though. Of course you can have the latest smart phone, in case you REALLY need it, and if you know exactly what you want from it, you can use it properly.\n\nFor friends who want to think more on this issue here is a little list: \n\n1. There is a TED Talk by Adam Alter called: \n\n Why our screens make us less happy. \n\n He is a psychologist and professor at NYU and he says that he himself was \naddicted to his phone and to gaming. Imagine! :- ) That motivated him to write the following book: \n\n Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and The Business of \nKeeping Us Hooked. \n\n2. There is a very interesting  Note to Self podcast episode called: \n\n What is our attention actually worth \n\nIt can be helpful if you want to re-think your relationship with your phone. \n\n3. There is a TED Talk by the  ethical design thinker Tristan Harris called: \n\nHow better tech could protect us from distraction\n\n4.  I haven't read this one but Shery Turkle from MIT has a book on the issue called:\n\n Alone Together, Why we expect more from Techonology and Less From Each Other. \n\nYou can also watch her TED talk:\n\n Connected, but alone ?\n\nThanks for this wonderful lesson and for the amazing animation!
yeah man it's so fucked up how much we rely on our phones \n\nSent from iPhone
I'm so aware of the hold my phone has on me. I consciously put it down sometimes because of this. Yet I'm not giving it up.
We'll evolve as phones evolve into virtual glasses which enhance vision and hearing of things we could not experience in the past.
I'm watching this video on my phone...
Watching this on my phone
Soo who else is watching on..oh\nHeyy good thing i m watching on my ta.. oh taken again..\nI should use my lapt..god damn it!
its sad.. but I'm totaly agree.. the phone now keep all secret.. everthing of us.. who control tecnology today.. can control our mind...
isn't this topic so contradictive, even while you're transferring this video/message, aren't you using the same channels? Aren't you a part of this chaos? Well, anyways...
How are these made? What software? I love these animations so much.
I got the same problem, just with my computer instead.
I'm impressed. Good advice
No I strongly dislike my phone. I'm paranoid that I might lose it or that it will die because people expect that if they send me a message, that I have been made aware of it's contents.
I try to forget my phone at home once in a while. Very nice message.
because our phones, we can watch videos that tell us to stop using our phones...
Social media is a damn joke.
omg i could listen to him talking about anything and still be interesting
The irony of watching this on a smartphone xD
i am guilty, but at least i was smart enough to realize it rather that denying it.
They're also slowly giving us tumours
Like the idea behind the video, but some premise is worrisome: Yes, we can and must compare the brilliance of our phone with the past. Why? Because our phones are not just devices of despair as some citizen of some first world country would think. They're also the opportunity for most of humanity to catch up, to have access to almost every knowledge of the world, to educate and be better people. It's also gives you the possibility to communicate and not just posting selfies in snapchat, it also gives you the possibility to call your grandma or just to be in touch with people you may not see at any time, because you're poor and you live far.\n\nOf course, there are downsides, but we need to adress them as failure to solve in our long, and continuos (at least for some centuries) technological progress.
Wow! That video was pretty intense! The addiction to phones is definitely self-avoidence for most people... \nMakes me want to go back to 3310 again! :)
I use my phone to watch your vids,which help my self exploration,then contemplate what I learn.\n\nPs. Keep the good work up
Amazing clip. Reminds me of the movie Fight Club what you own ends up owning you.
The funny thing is, my phone has a bed time. By 10pm its away from me! I dont usually sleep till 11pm so for 1 hour I am just in bed being tortured by my own thoughts. The best thing is, I realize what and needs to be done.
Wow. So damn true. May god help us
it look like i am the only person who don't really care about his phone, \nbecause it has no chance to receive any call/message :'(
I think I heard a cheeky electronic version of Chopin's Marche Funèbre (Funeral March) at 3:29  ?
Ha I thought this video was gonna be about like if there was something wrong with phones physically not like this leave a like if you did too😂\n\nAlso sub please I'm trying to win a bet where you get the most subs without making videos I'm doing the bet with my brother but if you don't want to that's totally fine
This is why i don't use a smartphone ...
Ha ha ha I got an add for the Samsung galaxy S just before that
I gave up my phone for 8 hours....When I'm asleep..
If you were a loser without a phone you will be a loser with one.
The irony when i'm watching this on my phone
This may be true for some people but you can not fit this on everyone as you do in this video.
These arent even real phone problems. Ive got a cracked screen. Thats more of an issue than all of this rubbish. My mum cant hear when a text comes through. Thats another real phone problem. This stuff is all just made up waffle. Bet the person who made this video has never had a cracked screen.
Could you an episode on What is Bohemianizm pls...
I don't even know where my phone is right now. Most days, it's like this; sometimes I even forget to grab it before I leave the house. It's not a smartphone, nor a dumbphone; it has some of the capabilities of a smartphone, but it's so slow and old that I don't even have the patience to try using them much. I hardly get notifications because the thing can only hold like two apps. If you don't use a smartphone, the sorts of problems mentioned in the video aren't really there anymore. Just my two cents.
Ive ditched my Phone for that reason. I didnt Connect to myself anymore cause i didnt have time alone
La weá black mirror\n
I might write a paper on how advocating for mental health is generally linked with media pessimism. I know it might sound redundant to hear this, but humans are complex and the way they use their phones can be both destructive AND benefitial to their health, but for different reasons.
Meanwhile in the real world,the populace is enchanted by the latest iPhone X
Ok, now that you unveiled our problem what is your solution? Or idea for improvement?
I should've seen this vid two days ago so I didn't bring my phone to school that day & maybe it could've been saved from school confiscation damnit how can I survive a month without a phone...\np.s. im using my laptop but its not the sameee
The momentary mock that the comment section is filled with who's watching on the phone? I'm watching on my laptop/PC/tablet etc take away the intention of such an awakening video.
what's that Latin quote about Dust.
Did he mention that they are spying devices for intelligence agencies?  They can hear through the mic and view through the video screens at any time, even when your phone is turned off.  Don't be naive.
This is an asmr voice if I ever heard one
What do I do when I am sad?I watch a youtube video...on my phone.
Start from unsubscribe and stop watching YouTube
0:40 That's what I do.
So true!!
The visuals made it unpleasant to watch.
O_O
Lol nah I just like memes
anti capitalist propaganda
4:57 was a bit creepy...
Self-discipline + phone = 💡
Great content!
my behind stinks
stfu! you make me depressed! -_-
Applause*
Commie piece of shit propaganda.
Exceso de información, información que no vas a usar, con algunas excepciones. Solo entra cuando necesites algo muy específico que ya hayas pensado por ti mismo y estaba fuera de tu alcance. La razón esta ahí (en tu cabeza) no en esa maquina todavía imperfecta. Se supone que es una herramienta que te debería ayudar y no esclavizar. \nAhora tendré horarios para encenderlo. Bye
Thumbs up for spam bot sponge!
Rereading Walden, and he totally agree,
Pacifist scum.
idontgiveashitaboutmyphonesanyoneelse
God this is just preaching bullshit
Could have and should have been at least 4-0 UTB!!
Give us the league title now
Lunstram should have scored but all in all UTB
Come on you blades !!!
1:38 Next free kick on the edge of the box might go under the wall. Look out lads.
Blades to get 8th imo
Goal at 0:54
Hey Bruce Arena you watching?
Playing well. Should definitely avoid relegation.
When in doubt, choose pizza.
Because this phenomena of getting to choose what to eat is recent. In the past, people ate what they had and acquired what they could, not what they wanted.
Is it just me or is this shit boring
4:06 -  You know how bad my memory is \n\nYeaaaah.. Sure haha..
this is effective advertisement right here. My boyfriend and I went to Panda Express immediately after watching this XD
I am just going to get McDonald's
Ugh. I just ate. I can't think about eating more food but I HAVE been craving Panda lately.... Hmm. Maybe just a teensy weensy bit tomorrow.
I feel so bad for Steve er.. Chris lol
seems like you are spending too much time with Ryan
*he went full Asian* 😂
What the heck's wrong with this guy...trying to be so sweet but not...ah oh!! He just let her girl starve to death guessing..harhar.!Don't ever do that to me dearie! Isn't that clear enough with YOU?
Wong Fu never fails to make me smile and after watching all their videos I be like OMG thats so relatable. Been a fan since long and there hasn't been anything since then which failed to amaze me when it comes to Wong Fu.
So Cathy got married now it's Joannaaaaa
Its so long long time since i see your vid. YOu change alot. LOL Great Job!
I was laughing even before I started watching this video.
L and N have some competition. Light Yagami, watch out.
This video was really dumb. I didn't stop watching it to see if there was a pun at the end but then it just ended. YouTubes been recommending the wrong videos
surprise!!! This is a food kitchen, where all the homeless go, shut up eat your soup!!!
ummm.. could you guys please not compare Wong Fu's video to Ryan's video. It did look similar just because of his way of speaking and explaining while standing, but they put their own hard work into it. They had their own idea. Let's just not put them in an awkward position to reconsider their own ideas by comparing them countless times with Ryan.
This video just proved us that women are so complicated that transformed us men to complicated thing ...
Cool  a lot of fun.  Like. 👍
You know I have a bad memory
I love you Chris!!!! I'll eat with you any day!
The part where Phil says What's BLACK, WHITE, and SOFT? And then it pans to Panda....haha that really got me laughing!
I work at panda express xD
The tyranny of choice. Some people want to maximise every experience unknowingly adding more dissatisfaction to the process. Just name 3 choices and pick the best one and be satisfied with it.
Yeah but im handsome and........ NOT NOW STEVE
now i want panda... but i wont go bc i know they're using their marketing techniques on me!!
I'm honestly not that picky. I should be the one worrying what my boyfriend wants to eat.
For me its super easy i just cook myself and feed myself and others too dont like takeouts ugh
HOW ARE SO SMART
I love seeing Chris! Great video Wong Fu Productions! Phil is so handsome. 😌
Man I haven't seen these guys in a while! It's dope to see them in my recommended videos
*lists off an incredible string of facts and details*\n>You know how bad my memory is \nHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Let's just go and see where it takes us, LOL.
Chris Dinh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is such a gentleman. He is a less awkward Ted. More Skits with Chris !!!!!!! please :)
LOL NATALIE TRAN WAS IN THIS
This purely genius.
The next Ryan Higa 😂😂😂😘😘
worstt wong fu. screw you
**not now steve!**
LMAO
I thought this was a nigahiga video with all those logic.
kind of reminds me of Ryan Higa's style of fast-paced and out of this world segues! haha love it so much! <3
this reminds me of Scott the pilgrim Vs the world
Lowkey copying Ryan higa eh?😏😏 i see what you did there
ISNT THAT ANNA FROM EVERYTHING BEFORE US
5-2-1 Rule: you pick 5 restaurants, (s)he narrows it to 2 (s)he would be happy with, then you pick 1.
make a what do you want for dessert!
Not now Steve !!! \n\n........ It's Chris
Poor Chris 😢 lol  this video is accurate AF.  Wongfu 4lyfe!!!
Just go to a buffet...
Simple. You buy a shit ton of groceries and have her cook her own shit. XD
That was pretty funny , thanks.
How come there are only 2 fortune cookies? Shouldn't Joanna have 2 unless Phil doesn't want any cookies
That weird moment when you notice that the iPhone's lock screen says September 13 and the video was uploaded September 12.
Dinner is serious business like y'all don't even know.
Ryan higa video in a different form
I almost thought I was watching a nigahiga video😂
Is this like nigahiga's videos where he has these crazy ideas and at the end his answers don't even make sense?
I'm always like Phil (in this vid). If I have to think very deep, I always scream 'Not now blabla' (I should use the name Steve next time. Everyone would be so surprised :D)
omygawd, it's like Phil pulled a Benedict Cumberbatch from Sherlock ^~^ The speed he talks, his thinking look, the complex and quick analysis of the little details and knowing what she did...like Sherlock with his clients... \n\nAnd this @ 5:50 :\n__What Do You Want to Eat?!__\nPhil: *thinking* Not now Steve! *thinking*\n__Sherlock__\nCumberbatch: *thinking* Everybody shut up! ... I'm trying to think. Anderson, face the other way, you're putting me off. *thinking* \n\nAnyone see the resemblance a bit?\nAnd good job to PHIL on the acting and acing the lines!!👏
Did Phill just say, Jif?
Hahaha great ending!!!
copying ryan higa
SHERLOCK
Dog like all asians do
Getting those Ryan higa vibes
Omg this is GOLDEN😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ass
quit nuclear fearmongering, thanks
*me*
wong fu tries to be liike nigahiga hahahahahahahaha
Asian Sherlock...\n\nBenedict your being replaced!
She is hot
poor chris
Ryan Higa humor in this vid
JKNEWS source
So boringggg
HAHAHAHAAAAAAAA............ 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😲💥🎆✨ 😅👍
This was... great!
this gives off nigahiga vibes
asian youtubers r on the decline
its chris
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y8l397fg
wow
Loved this ! <3
This felt a lot like a Niga Higa clip.
stalker much o.O
Isn't this like niga higa
Wong fu + Panda Express? Genius brand integration!
Some Ryan Higa stuff
Basically Ryan Higa without the puns XD
Like an old nigahiga video
i'm getting ryan higa vibes
Awww, Steve ):
Pandex ed basically >.< getting my crave now!
Omg get her the freakin food
ryan higa isdat u
Longest Panda Express commercial ever.
for brian 😭😭😭\n- so proud of you for everything x
Anyone else just want to skip 10 years to see you tubers new kids x😂🙏🏼
You have no idea how fast I clicked this 😂
Like this for good luck
Did anyone else think Tanya was pregnant??
Massive congrats Jim, I know the book was a big sacrifice of time and dedication.  Best wishes (bro (in my head))
helloooooo Jim !!!Thankyou for making me smile
I loved seeing the book being printed, it was a great idea to show the process.
For Brian. Aww Jim so proud of you! And Brian would be too! ❤
Did you go to chatam in kent
I live like 10 minutes from Chatham, i always go there... Where was I?!😭
So excited for the book! Can't wait to try and find my name in the front too!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
*_anyone want to support a small youtuber? im only on 21434 but im doing my best! LOVE YOU JIM❤️❤️_*
welcome to central saint martins !! i hope you liked it xxx
I LOVE YOU AND TANYA SO SO MUCH! YOU TWO ARE SUCH A PERFECT COUPLE!!! COME TO CROATIA! <3<3<3<3
Jim are you team weller or ksi?
Pre-ordered the audiobook! Really looking forward to it Jim
Jim keep up the great work
So exciting to see the process of the book! YAY Jim :)
So proud to have watched you from the start of writing your book to seeing it being made I have two 40 odd year old sons and this will be a Christmas present each for them they will love it thank you xx
First time I've pre ordered a book and first time I've got a signed copy without handing it to someone to sign it there and then!!!
Hi everyone! I'm a new YouTuber and I've just uploaded my very FIRST video - my birthday haul! I would be so so grateful if you could go watch it and give me any feedback/like/comment that you could! Thank you so much and have a lovely day! <3 <3 <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRdbC-jBFM0&t=1s
I really want to have a signed copy but I live outside of UK. Is there anyone from UK who can help me to order? XX
I love you, Jim! I'm SO excited to read your book!!!!!! I can't WAIT! ❤️
Congratulations on your book being printed! I cannot wait to to have it in my hands! It comes out a few days before my 28th birthday <3
I swear Jim is looking more and more like Dale Earnhardt Jr.!!!!
Loved this video Jim! And congrats
I'm so excited for your book Jim! I'm defitnely getting it. Greetings from MX!
Omg! You was in chatham?! (Was it chatham Medway?)
I got the notification and almost had a heart attack
I can't wait to read it!!!!!
Where can I get the audio book from?!
so proud of jim can't wait to read your book
Never been so early
I wish David Bowie was my friend to😂\n\n\n\n\n\n\nR.I.P David Bowie
Which is your favourite, the sleeve or the cardboard? 📚
I'm from Australia. You know what that means... it's 4am
Still miss your daily vlogs, looking forward to reading your book 📚
a very nice baby
How old are you
Like if you love Jim 🙌💕
Hi Jim I love you😘😍😇
never clicked so fast i haven't watched ur vids so i don't know what happening 🤦‍♀️😥
I'm 3rd and I love this video and u jim
Does anyone ever call you Jam?
I'm so early!! 💙❤️
Hey Jim how are you
Jim, the factory bit was awesome! Congratulations!
Who's name's are in the book can you tell us ?
This is the earliest I've been! I love you sooooo much Jim and have pre ordered your book!
Love you Jim<3
Yay!! Happy Monday Jim!
can  prank tarn one day
Early
38th!!!!!
17
Hiiii im early
Love you Jim xxx
WOAH IM EARLY
Second xx
Ninth xx
Never been so early xxxxx
3rd
Early
Nice
So early
2nd xx
Jim please have a baby with Tan💏💋💝👶💦
First xxxx
does anyone know who brian is??
zaddy derick 😛😛
Can you do smoothie challenge
I love Derek's Nails. YAZZZ!!
So funny
10:55 How about a goodness gracionious?
tyler played professional soccer omg!!!
6:34 is soooo funny!!
Awesome!!! Laugh-a-thon:)
I LOVED THAT INTRO!!💜😍😂
Omg hi derek sorry if i miss spell
derekkkk
Hi
Im excited for their 3rd Vlog
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Why a gay dude named Derek ;-;
follow me on Instagram\nlunagonzalez1731
OMG HE LOST HIS PHONE FOREVER HAHAHAHAHA
I love Derick
Yessss😍😍
5:35 😂😂
Omg i love DEREK
OMG I love Derek sm 😍❤
Don't worry trypophobia is quite common. Even I have it.
I'm Australian to tho hahaha 😂😂
Y'all know y'all could have called it and u guys could have followed the sound
I love the new intro
who are any of these people
you coukd have used someone elses phone to call tylers phone and they could track the sound down
I question is did they find the phone\nLol 😂💀
Woah you have more subs than Logan paul
As Soon as I seen Derek I started screaming Derek!!!! 🤤🤤🤤😍😍😍!
Ok fine Tyler is cute I'll give him that ok
lmao derek starts singing ill stand by you and the other dude starts singing a compleately different song
Omg when Rachel when there the trangle it was so funny
Such a awsome and funny video I wish I cloud do that with my friends 😄💚🤗💚
You make me laugh so haaaard!!! going on my favorites!!!!
HI\nI dare you to say hi to me or else. I'll will haunt by saying hi 1000000 times a day
You could've called his phone and it would have a ring
i love how tyler worried about rachel when she fell trying to get him out of the foam pit when he was the one that was stuck.
Yooooo she has more subscribers than the famous brothers (Jake Paul And Logan Paul)
I can do all of them XD
No joke but her boobs are just dangling from her chest 😂😂
Did he find his phone just curious
Do more Of these plz
someone please explain to me how caoimhe is pronounced kweeva
And Rachelle should just call his phone
Tyler's from my home town
IF YOU BROKE THE REPLAY BUTTON HERE YOU GO!!!\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\nTell me if you want more I'll edit!
Did you guys find the phone???
Who else remembers hole in the wall
It's gonna be a vlog .... has like 3 different camera angles
I'm from Washington state to (Seattle)
I love you Derek
i absolutely love caoimhe's accent, i really want to have the Australian accent.
why does Derec has nails I thought girls wered that only😐weard
Derek: You can't ask someone why they're Australian.\nHe sounded like Gretchen from Mean Girls when she said.\nYou can't just ask someone why they are white.
You should do the ox obstacle course
why did'nt they just call the phone...
DEREK, I ❤️ HIM SO MUCH
hope you find your phone mr.loser
Rachel looked like she was Bungee Jumping
Nice!
Whay derek  have yellow neils
The real question is, did he ever find his phone?
Why didn't they just call his phone?
Have you guys seen the step 1 before shape 1?
you guys should've just called tyler's phone lol
Derricks last name is pronounced: KiLL DOLL😂
they shouldve called or texted his phone. even if it was on silent you can hear it vibrate
Omg her editing x
Hi
I love derik
why is dereks nails painted yellow
fear same with holes
CCTV
Pineapple
Derrrrekkkkkkkkkk!!!!
Who else loves derek!!! ❤️
It's derekkkkkkkkkkkk😭😭😭😭😂😂❤❤❤❤
hi
6:35
YASSSS DEREK
Dudesons did it first -.-
How do you do that intro!!!!!
How bout you CALL THE GOD DAMN PHONE
So so so cool!! Like my coment
7:54 lmao 🤣🤣🤣
I like the idea of the video
Me and Caoimhe have the same name . its spelt the same too
Tyler is honestly me with my friends XD
OMG Rachel my name is Rachel too! You r soooooooo cool I have been watching your videos for 2 or 3 years and I just finally found how to comment. Can you please please please shoutout me out in a video. That would make the world to me!!!
CRYSTAL ADAN\n\nORIGIN: CHICAGO\nFACT:AM THE ONLY ONE IN MY FAMILY AND GRADE THAT CAN CLIMB LIKE A PRO (10 YEARS OLD)\nWEIRD SKILL:STILL TRYINING TO FIND THT OUT.\nFEAR:WHO KNOWS?!
BRING ON THE WALL
I love doing that stuff and breaking things
You look so familiar like in a movie
Tyler is literally me with my friends
She's like... an inspiration
She's so confident,
Who thinks she has big boobs lol
I want to do that so bad😝 Like if u agree👍🏼
Anyone else really pumped to see Wilshere back? I'm sick of the sight of Ramsey.\nHaving sweet flashbacks of Wilshere goal vs Norwich and his classy performance against Barcelona in 2011.
Can't believe Wenger not starting wilshere, and picking Niles ahead of Nelson, Niles proved In Australia he is not good enough yet , He needs to go out on loan
One of the interviewed Koln supporters pessimistically predicted 5-0 to Koln ? And the rest.
I need Iwobi to stay healthy and become a force in the team.
set iwobi in elneny's positions or maybe stoper!!!!!!   mertesaker have more tecnique than him!
Bar Monreal, there is no regular starter in that team. Normally I'd disagree since I'd want a few more starters and to prioritise the cup a bit more, but it's the first Europa league game so I'm not too worried. The Chelsea game worries me and I'd want our players at their absolute best. I'd take a loss at FC Koln if it means we beat Chelsea.
NO NO NO PLAY 2 UPFRONT\n  STAY 3 AT THE BACK
Well thought out...but Wenger will not revert to a back 4....because he's stubborn like that.
Arsenal have the player's, look what they did to Chelsea twice at Wembley, after having a bad season still win trophy,when they get it right ,can beat anyone , haven't  found that balance yet this season
Wouldn't Start Giroud. Need pace through the middle
I miss u,jack!!!😀😀
Debuchy should be commanded in right-back because Niles isn't a right-back
Like the formation and team but think holding may start as Chambord had a thigh strain
Robbie, I really like that. As you say we're really using our squad here. AW should be worried.
It's time for the SHIT show!!!!!!
Still they persist with Jack Wilshite, when will gooners realise that the lad is a waste of time?\nI'm convinced this lot would give Ian Huntley several chances at minding your kids 😂
such a bad team as a arsenal fan
Gotta admit rob i hate that defence lol. Like the rest of the team
That team will lose lol. the centre midfield is so so so weak. not a talented selection.
Happy with your starting 11. I would also like to mention, you can add Chuba Akpom on the Subs section, as a backup for any of the 3 forwards
Hey Robbie, I like your formation and line up choices but this is how I would line them up. 3-4-2-1 with Ospina in goal. Chambers - Per - Holding\nAinsley - El neny - Wilshere - Iwobi\nNelson - Adelaide\nGiroud\n\nPlenty of youth, creativity and they have played together at a lower level giving them that air of familiarity with each other. A good solid spine filled with experience. Also, with Wenger coming out and saying that he isn't really prioritizing the cup, I'd like to see him use the cup to unleash the next generation.
I thought Maitland Niles was a midfielder
switch chambers and bfg just to allow an experience player next to a young player
How can I get that jacket please I need the link 😩
well said robbie, put a b team out, and finger's crossed if/when we reah the quarter's, then we can put out a strengthen team.
He's coming for Wengers job!
Arsenal will not win the league. Premier or Europa. Arsenal will not finish in the top four. Get used to the Europa, Arsenal. No more Champions for you. After Sanchez leaves next year you will be a mid table team. No quality player will be caught dead at Arsenal. As a fan of AFTV this is good news for me. More losing means more ranting.😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Great start 11. I agree with the selection and formation. It’s time to start playing 4 at the back again
Play Chambers as a right back. Not a centre back.
Poor Arsenal fans still hoping that Wilshere comes good one day.
Ha.You nearly as mad as Wenger in your selection. .Interesting.
Niles is shit at RB did u watch the chelsea game in pre season, cmon  robbie mate
Why not play Debuchy at RB? Dude is still a decent RB, how about we play him since we are already paying him???
Get used to it arseholes.😂😂😂😂
Debuchy at RB, Maitland-Niles is not a right-back. Had enough punishment and embarrassment playing that position during pre-season..\n\nEdit: Reiss Nelson isn't a left-sided winger by the way.
I not a gambler, but I must admit, an Arsenal win at 4/9  is pretty good while it available. Lets blood a few  young guns, and obliterate Cologne in the process with a dazzling display off football, and a hatful off goals to boot. Jack has to feature  as he has good visual awareness, and brilliant technical ability, a 4 nil drubbing be good, , ha ha,  COYG...
Totally agree with this starting 11
Why hasnt sanchez signed a new contract .................oh wait 😂
Hey Robbie, I agree with this starting 11 if we are playing a back 4. If not, then I think Nelson should be the RWB -or- on the left side of the attacking 3 with Walcott on the right and Giroud in the middle.\n\nEither way, I think this would be a strong enough squad to get past Koln fairly comfortably.\n\nCOYG!!!
if wenger plays that team, put all your money on koln!!
Maitland-niles isn't a RB. He's a CM.
Great starting 11. Wouldn't go exactly with that but I would be take that team sheet and I would be happy!!
I would make two changes to your squad Robbie, Sanchez for nelson and debuchy for Niles, we need them fix debuchy needs to be ready in case anything happens to bell he's big n strong n we need that.
We've got a quality striker in the under 21s called edditth or something like that he should start
Please dub in the sound effect of a needle scatching across an LP after the words Europa League\nI am going to enrol on ANY course on Thursday evenings just to retain my sanity......I might take further French and see if it is possible to understand Wenger LOL
Lets be honest, this team would lose
Guys, I  need a reliable link to watch the game
Really good team apart from id give debuchy a game
We need to win it. We're not getting into top 4 this season! Worked for Man U!
Robbie I agree that we should rotate between 4-3-3 and 3-4-1-2 but realistically thats not going to happen so Robbie I would like you to have realism in these videos.
It's official... Robbie is smoking crack...
Why is Iwobi a pivot man like Jack? Isn't Iwobi a forward? Elneny should play alongside Jack. As far as I know Iwobi doesn't have any proven distribution skills like Elneny? Why not play a 4-2-3-1 with Giroud up front and Iwobi right behind Giroud as the center forward? That way we shift Iwobi up to the front line and still have two midfield defenders in Elneny/Wilshere with Jack being the deep-lying play-maker and Elneny sliding behind as a sweeper/extra defender if needed? \n\nI'm not against playing a 4-3-3 Robbie but the guys are very familiar with the 4-2-3-1. It really comes down to what Wenger has been practicing and drilling them for. We could see 3-4-2-1 also. It's tough to say until we see the lineup and know what formation Wenger will use. I'm also wondering what subs are going to be available?
Robbie sets up the team to boost AFTV ratings after the game.
Stop bitching ur now in a comp u have a chance of winning at least no hammering from Bayrn munich this year
Robbie why don't you do a starting 11 with a 3-4-3 formation as well?
Feel like watching a tutorial
YO ROBBIE, WAGWAN FAM??? \n\nLISTEN, MAN TINKS ARSENAL SHUD TAKE DA EUROPA LEAGUE SERIOUSLY BRUV, JUST LIKE HOW MAN UNITED DID LAST SEASON, YA GET ME FAM?! \n\nMAN TINKS IT WOULD BE A GREAT STEP FOR ARSENAL TO WIN DA EUROPA LEAGUE! \n\nF THEM OTHER BLUD CLART HATER33 ALLL DEY DO IS HATE ON ARSENAL. I JUST HOPE WE CUD SHOW DEM MANDEMS WAGWAN INNIT!
Arsenal have a total of 0 European trophies (and don't count the one inter fairs cup which was more a marketing tool than a genuine competition). They have an opportunity for a very winnable European cup that has a fantastic prize. A cup that is highly respected across Europe and certainly better than any domestic cup. And what's arsenal's attitude? Let's sack it off and put the kids n reserves in smh try n win it n earn some respect back across Europe..  Maybe player would actually wanna sign then
I think Debuchy can get a chance. I don't know whether he is fully fit or not.
that look good.... I would repalce maintland niles for chambers and put holding in defence. I love the wilsh/lson idea... pleaed in under 21 alreadhy together
this Is why your not a manager Robbie, putting iwobi in cm lmfao
No disrespect robby but this why arsenal we never go foward look at how chelsea played yesterday against a team called Qarabag they used theyre starting xi because they dont want to risk so why is lacazette not playing and the others
Say what you want about Wenger, but I can't help but be impressed that this will be the first season in my lifetime that Arsenal are in the Europa League. Might be time for a change, but it was really weird to realize this.
Back 4 is the best...u gat it robbie.
Robbie not too sure  \n\nOspina\n\nNilles\nBig\nMustaphi\nthe beast kolasinac \n\nElneny\nJack\nWalcott\nIwobi\n\nLacazet Giroud
Maitland-Niles is no good.
Decent Starting 11 👌👊
. . . . . . . . . . . . Ospina........ Chambers. . . . . . . Mertesacker. . . . . .holding \nNelson. . . . . . Wilshere. . . .. Elneny. . Monreal\n. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Walcott. . . . . Iwobi. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Giroud \n3-4-2-1 perfect mixture of both experienced and youthful players.
Ospina Holding mertesacker chambersNelson elneny wilshere debuchy Iwobi walcott Giroud
Do anything but play walcott
Id go with 4-2-3-1\nOspina\nMaitland-niles\nPer\nChambers\nMonreal\nElneny\nWilshere\nWalcott\nIwobi\nNelson\nGiroud
Swap maitland-niles with Debuchy.
I think it will be: opsina \n       Chambers BFG holding \n     Niles jack elneny monreal \n         Iwobi giroud sanchez \nSubs theo nelson kolasanic beilke welbz macey
Chamber and holding cb partnership👀👀
Great pick #CrucialRobbieIn
2 nil big dreams
Oliv-yay not Olivia
not bad
Good 11
Damn Robbie a better manager than Arsene
opsina \nNiles chambers holding monreal\nelneny wilshere Rambo \nwalcott giroud. iwobi
Robbie should be tutoring Wenger
Wilshere the white Diaby
Giroud\n                  Sanchez               Nelson\n\nMonreal     Wilshere       Elneny   Maitland Niles\n         \n             Holding Mertesacker Chambers\n\n                               Ospina\n\nMaitland Niles better at wing back then full back, Sanchez and Walcott interchangeable. Looking at our midfield options how did we not sign a DM this summer
Your forgetting reainy Adelaide
wenger will probably play 3 in defense : bfg, holding monreal. He will play sanchez and giroud thats fa sure. Wilshere sub.
#RobbieSellout
What about akpom?
Team is trash
Maitland  miles 😂
very good 11 robbie
Reiss Nelson must start
My team line up is \nOspina\nDebuchy\nChambers\nMertasacker\nMonreal\nElneny\nXhaka\nWilshire\nIwobi \nPerez \nNelson
Ospina\nChambers      BFG       Holding\nNiles      Elneny      Wilshire      Iwobi\nNelson            Giroud            Sanchez
Ospina\nChambers BFG & Holding Monreal\n                 Elneny Jack\nTheo           Iwobi          sanchez\n                      Gioud \n\nTake out sanchez around 60' and then put nelson.
Tottenham 3 Dortmund 1
oh fc köln erster fc köln su bist mein verein ich liebe dich :):):):)
My team for tomorrow :\n                               Ospina\n\n         Chambers   Mertesacker   Holding \n\nDebuchy           Elneny       Wilshere      Monreal \n\n         Walcott                                  Welbeck \n                                 Giroud
Arsenal is such a joke now...
Offload jack wilshere
Have you seen where Mtv is doing a show called 90's House....I wanna watch it!!
Mood lipstick were my 90's staple.
You are beautifully realistic 😙
I LITERALLY JUST BOUGHT THAT SAME DEODORANT LMAO
💘Love you💘
Love you!☺️
It smells like teen sprit
Saw New Kids On the Block and I had IT flashbacks. I'm so afraid
I was born in 2002 so I didn't experience as much as other people who were born in the 90's but I had a small piece of it and those were the best years of my life. Now it just kids sucks cause teens are dressing like young adults and acting like them too.
damn.. I was 6 in 1990!! I had a caboodle too! mine was kinda turquoise-ish... loved that big huge thing!! all of the items in the caboodle take me back!!! 90's rule!!!!!
I have that box... I had forgotten how old they were, and I wasn't even born in the 90's XD I use it to put my make up in.
I'm a '92 kid!! Also BUNNY I LOOOOVE YOUR MAKEUP!! Will you please do a tutorial for it???
That box is from Walmart
My mom has the same make up box she bought it from Wal-Mart for like 15 dollars😂😂
I wish I could rock that hairstyle.
I have a Dr Pepper lip smacker and Dr Pepper is my favorite.😂 I had a friend who also ate chapstick😂😂
I have the same caboodle
I was actually born in 1990
i have that same caboodle
I used to have a caboodle!but it was the early 2000's...
Who does not love Michael Jackson? *slowly raises hand* xD
I saw a caboodle like that at Walmart
Teen spirit gave me the worst rash ever 😂
iam Ashley cayton and you are so cool funny I like you bff and that was girl in my school that did like eat her pink lip gloss
gonna need me a hair tutorial asap
I was born 2000 but I still vaguely remember most of these when I was like 5 in my aunts room because she kept everything
You wanted to go back to the year I was born :)
6:38 I can smell it I have the exact same deodorant
Does anyone remember those Spice Girls lollipops ?? They were sold at like Limited Too sometimes as well. OMG remember Limited Too?! I thought  I was so freaking cool when I got my first Limited Too bathing suit; it was like a navy blue tankini that said Princess in sparkly rhinestones with a little crown.  Oh how I miss the 90's... I was the best swimmer of '87 FYI.
Tutorial on face and hair please 😍😍❤️
I have a pink caboodle box and had it since I was a child and when Hannah Montana came on 😂I remember she had a pink one and I got so happy.
The pictures from this video really bring out your Lucille ball esscense. You're beautiful. 😙
I have that exact caboodles box❤
When I was a young child creature I ate chocolate lip smacker.......\n\n\n\n\n\nIt was actually good😐
I remember having those soda flavored chap sticks and one day I just hid under my bed and licked them for like an hour
I have that deodorant right now lol
I still have my Caboodle makeup items. Am I a hoarder or a pack rat 🤔
I can't find this on beautylish... how do you look it up?
i have that exact same caboodle sitting in my bathroom.I use it for all my nail supplies and surprisingly it works great.I also still have a lot of those butterfly clips and scrunchies too but i don't wear them anymore,they're in my smaller blue  caboodles.Thank you for the trip down memory lane bunny,it was great :-)
What is the hair tie scrunchy called ??
The have teen spirit at my local dollar store
I made a thumb ring out of .925 sterling in jewelry class in the '90's in HS & have always worn a TR ever since. My original had a small piece of Lapis that I soldered on! Miss it & still have hope 25 yrs later that I will find it lol! I graduated in '95. #SwampFam . Thanks for liking my post #Bunny re:getting your palette as a gift for my 5 yr sober bday last yr!! I celebrated #SixYrsNoBeers on 8/1/17!! Love from Santa Cruz Ca ❤❤🐊🐊🏄🎉😎
full on 90's kid here cx born in January 1989. miss the 90's so much D:
Smoking accessory in the reflection... 🙊✌🏽😎
im a 2000 girl but i had most of these when i was like 6 so 2007ish,
Love the 90s! This video took me back. It was so fun reminiscing with you. Do this mystery again! Love you Bunny 🐰 Keep up the amazing work you do!
I've had a caboodle for like 2 years now. They are the best thing ever but they are still around. It's not like they dug one up from 1999. I'm pretty sure I got mine at target.
Kaboodles are still around. Just more square and in black and pink. At Walmart
I bought that deodorant at the dollar store
I was born in 2003 and as a kid i owned and used like all of those things :')
I still have a caboodle and i am a melineal
PLEASE DO A TUTORIAL ON YOUR LOOK
I think we all knew that kid in school who ate chapstick 😝
THIS HAIR 😍❤️😍❤️😍
10:44 😱😱😱😱
I have that AHAHAHAHAHAH
I love u bunnnny 😍😍😍😘😘😘😘
I Have THAT CABOODLE
I have a purple one exactly like that 😅
I have that exact one!!!
I wish the subtitles were better. I love watching your videos but when I'm reading the subtitles they're incorrect :(
Love your 90's look today!  It's rockin' 😁😁😁😁😁
I used teen spirit when i was little
I HAVE TEEN SPIRIT OMG AND I'M ONLY 11 XD
*can't stop staring at the highlighter on the tip of Bunny's nose*
There was a boy in my class who acually ate paper glue straight from the tube. I don't know what happened to him after graduation. 🤔
OMG Bunny, your makeup in this video is absolutely stunning....I would love to know all the products and colors you used. Please do a makeup tutorial on your look !😍. I have been using the Dr pepper lip smacker since the 70's ! 🤣. It has just the right amount of color...😄 Love you girl...Keep doing your thing !!! 🤣😍
I had six of them...I use 4 them from School Supplies!
✋🏻 I don't like Michael Jackson.
They still do the caboodle nameplate. I got one over the summer! It took longer than expected. But it still came!
That pink box I JUST CAME HERE BC I HAVE ONE OF THOSE OMGOMG
OMG!!!!!!!!!NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK!!!!!!!!!
I just got a hard candy nail polish like that At Walmart with a ring
I have one of those Teen Spirit sticks in strawberry
I'm 40 I loved the 90's we wore flannel, doc Martin's, poet blouses, clogs, jeans in every color imaginable, choker's, baby doll dresses with leather jackets and combat boots, racing stripes on everything!! double buns, skinny brows and neutral makeup with butterfly's everywhere we had stick on jewels we wore near our eyes and who could forget jeans that flared out like a dress and every girl had a caboodle! So nastalgic to see some of these things again today especially doc's☺
Man I wish I know how she did these sassy buns !!!
I have that deodorant from the dollar store ( yes it is h💿l 💿
Dude i had one of those when i was little
I've had that lip smacker before!  This girl stole it though. Even though it was used ._. And I had a rootbeer one. This girl stole it, and ATE IT
Ummm, I actually have some of those butterfly clips and a mood ring!
omg I remember those tiny butterfly and flower clips. good times
I was born in 1989 so I'm def a 90s kid. I remember the board games/toys/dolls. OMGiGi do you remember the lip glosses that was sold at the counter of ever store that made your lips look like chicken grease lol or hold up best part the spice girls lollipops yasss blowup furniture yasss ok in getting wayyy to nostalgic here lol so basically yes I remember the 90s 😂😂
Did you know: That caboodles came out in 1987? It's true! They were the in thing for a girls sleep over!
I have that deodorant and lip balm
That Hard Candy polish is new. Back in the day the bottles were round with silver lids. I know this because I still have one! Lmao.
That's my makeup box!! I use to keep my makeup in OMG lol!! They have em at Walmart for like $10 and OMG I loved that teen spirit deodorant and I was recently looking for it wondering do they still make that?
I have that exact caboodle
I got my caboodle from Walmart just a few years ago
Hard Candy was out in the 90's?  I never saw it until a few years ago.
i watched this yesterday but i forgot to tell you you look so so so beautiful here thid makeup feels so you love it!
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT EYESHADOW LOOK YOU'RE WEARING!!!! ITS SO MAJESTIC I NEED IT
I loved lip smacker and still do
I'm pretty sure they didn't have facebook and Instagram 20 years ago... 😎😏
Omg I'm 10 and I got the exact same Kaboodle for my tenth birthday that is so cute oh my God that's just a good quinncidence I guess
You look gorgeous.
💗💗💗💗
OMG I HAVE THAT EXACT DR PEPPER LIP BALM NEXT TO MY BED RIGHT NOW! IT IS MY FAVORITE, IT SMELLS SO GOOD!
god this is the first video of yours i watched so far and damn i can tell you already i love your personality😂❤️
I literally just bought a kabootle from Goodwill!!! I was like MEMORIES! 😭❤ lol...
8:40 Lmao!! I ate the mint flavored chapsticks when I was younger. As a kid things like that tastes good apparently! XD
If Bethesda wants to gain popularity from nintendo fans...\n\n\n\n\n....they're succeeding.
And Bethesda again shows itself to be better than E.A
This is massive.\n\nBethesda putting other 3rd parties on notice! Lol
Hell yeah, thank you id software and Nintendo.
Wow Nintendo nice call
Bethesda is one of the best allies helping   the Switch if other game developer give it more of a chance Switch will be way more successful. (Now here come the hate comments).
I have the weirdest Boner right now
Never expected this
Holy shit Nintendo is back, now if they could bring The Witcher 3 for Nintendo Switch, then there will be a excuse for me to buy a Nintendo Switch. Something tells me SONY is watching and saying holy shit is time to bring PS4 Portable.
Holy shit, this is big, this is fucking Huge!!!
Fuck playing Doom and Wolfenstein on the go will be so sick
first time i saw this in direct\n\n\nme:WAIT WHAT
Can we collect amiibos instead of the pop vinyls in doom for the switch?
Vulkan API Boyz!!!!
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
haill to bethesda now wee need fallout 4
I guess Doom CAN run on anything...huh..
Where did this boner come from
Fucking Doom wasn't expecting that, will buy
This is really a surprise, i don't know how a system wich can't run Overcooked at 30fps will be able to run DOOM on the go... Maybe it's a custom built, or those Switch are gonna melt for sure
My PC can max out these games but I want the portability, so I'll be buying them for Switch.
Now we're talking!
Did they hire that guy from Polygon to play this build too?
Now if only we could get Deus Ex Human Revolution on this thing. Don't feel like getting a Wii U to play that version of the game.\nEDIT: NVM, I take it back, I just remembered the Switch doesn't have Dual Screen functionality.
look like it's time to kill demons and Nazi on the go!!!
The haters are going rage hater mode with this
Switch underpowered umm nope...
Nice announcement ! one thing i noticed is that the downgrade is huge, if they keep the 60 fps stable it will still be a blast to play regardless of the visual quality.
Wait, what?
Can't wait to be sitting on my uber and killing demons and nazi's violently.
is Carmack still with ID I want this game I'm so happy now.
damn the resolution looks sub 720p...
Nintendo I vow that if any dark souls game is ported over to nintendo switch I will buy it tomorrow.
C A N Y O U F E E L T H E 3 0 F P S , M R  K R A B S
I could get the graphically superior versions on PS4 but I'm getting both of these on Switch.  Portability > Graphics
I got a PlayStation ad.. lol.
and fifa switch is a fifa 18 ps3 port...
Kinda bummed that the Switch version of Doom won't be getting Snapmap. I'm probably one of those weirdos who really loved the idea of map building on the go.
If we get the next elder scrolls for switch, I would fucking bend the knee to Bethesda
Yay I can play the games I can never play cause I didn't have the right console
If switch gets doom\n\nOverwatch is a must now.
I can play Doom sitting on the toilet, in my bed, on the bus, in the sewers, on a tree, chilling in a hot bath,
Time for me to cancel my Wolfenstein PS4 pre-order...
Playing proper Doom while on a bus... that sounds fucking good.
I am not at all trying to sound greedy because this is freaking insane, CAN WE PLEASE GET DISHONORED 2 ON SWITCH?!?!?!
Swastika in a Nintendo Direct? *TRIGGERED*\n\nAll seriousness,  I'm glad Nintendo grew up.
I'm cool with some DooM on the go.
it's gonna be a weird feeling when the kkk and nazi's are on my switch.
I'm glad i didn't buy doom last year. now ill be able to play the best version of the game and I'm really excited to buy and play this.
If you don't have a true understanding of the switches power. Just save your ignorant comments. The switch is slot stronger than alot of you realize.
I never thought Id hear this guy say Nazi
How about Prey the Goty
teh switch has no hardcor gamsssss\nit babby consollllll\nit needs more schuuuut\n*wish gets granted, haters have nothing to complain about*\n....... the gaphics still sux\n*points out it runs on a handheld system*\n*hater cries*\nWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Gey fucking in there... never got the chance to play doom
Watch cod 2018 be on switch.  I'm calling it
Did honestly never see this comming.\nI think i just came a little bit...
OMG YES! DOOM ON THE SWITCH!
XBOX IN 3RD PLACE NOW FOR SURE! SERVES THEM RIGHT THO HAHAHA
low settings 720p 60fps im fine with it just 60fps pleaseeeeee
Well look at that. Nintendo says the word Nazi and shows the Swastika and the world didn't end. Man fuck these developers and their infantile pandering to the dumbest people on Earth.
Delet this
YYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS
yoooo
🎶bandz make Nintendo dance baybeeee🎶
Nazis?  In my Nintendo?
wow, megaton announcement :o speaking of which....  fallout 3 plx?
Iconic:v
NAAAAAAAANIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Damn
Thats incredible
Holy shit man!!!
WHOO!!! 🤘😆
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
Fuckin hell yeah
me Sorprende que lo pueda correr en la Nintendo switch
Yay, Doom on low settings and 30 FPS.
Can you run doom on a machine equal to a xbox 360/ps3??????(the switch)....can it even properly run it with frame rate problems???? And a 32 gb harddrive????? No, you can't....iphones even have 64/128 gb....32 is it????? Thats it????
Can doom even run 60 fps on the switch?
will those two games be running on 20 fps?
I hope people support this, I have DOOM for the PC and it was an incredible experience.  And now that Wolfenstein 2 is coming to the Switch, I might pick it up for that instead of the PC.  Nice one Nintendo!
It the switch can run it, I'd like to see it for Android/iOS soon too
AND THEY'VE LISTENED! DECENT THIRD PARTY SUPPORT! THANK FUCK! Took their time since the SNES era though!
bad quality for nintendo switch\npd: better in pas4 and xbox one\npd: much better in PC Master Race
Lets just wait and see if the game actually runs on anything higher than 480p 25fps before we collectively suck Nintendos dick!!!
Older nvidia shield tablet which is less powerfull(half the ram etc) can run crysis 3 on android so surely switch can run about anything on a fixed platform. Super exited gonna buy both! Allready played doom on powerfull pc but gameplay over the graphics and take it on the go muchnwow!1
Doom's online mode is dead : /
looks blurry af tho :/ hope it will be 60fps at least
I hope that the scenes they showed are switch footage (but it's probably not)
Nice, but it won't sell well. Nintendo needs 3rd party games released on their system either exclusively or at the very least on the same day as the other platforms.
I wonder if doom will run at 60fps. Because the game was designed to run at a solid 60fps and anything less just won't work in my opinion
Looks like it's time to buy a lot more memory cards since the Switch has the same hard drive space as a Gameboy
Instead of porting old good games, nintendo is going to burn it self with new games that would barely run on it.\nIf Switch could run CS:GO and BF BC 2 on it with a decent multiplayer, their sells would be sky rocketing.
Is it just me or this smells like fucking downgrade?
Bruh, First Skyrim , then Doom and Wolfenstein, now I belive anything is possible. What's next? Fallout 4?!
Yeah, because the Switch can totally run these.\nGuys I was joking, please stop replying !
xbox crossplay, please
Noice
So we can expect to run like shit in that shitty console, so why are the nintytards excited?
Nice now I can play the games I already owned at 240p and 15 fps.
Anyone else just think they should invite her to create a shade just for her! #goals
Every fenty foundation video i see the foundation is on point
The only Fenty review I want to view! I'm not even the same shade as you, I just love your skin.
The foundation looks so airbrushed on your skin. I love it!!
Btw.. u were supposed 2 use the flat side of the beauty blender 2 blend out the foundation not the round side... but it still looks pretty
Love your video setup! I cant wait to get my hands on some Fenty Beauty products next month!
You are so beautiful! 💜
Girl you don't even need makeup, you are flawless <3
YOUR SKIN IS SO SMOOTH IM SO JEALOUS
That foundation was too light on you, didn't fenty make a darker one?
you look like a chocolate doughnut.  just want bite you. lol
I cant see the swatches that much
Why do the tend to put so much orange in foundations? I like that lancome one you had. I don't tan anymore so now I buy the lightest shade possible and it can still come off either orange or yellow.
I would be about a 120 or 130 in this line, but I cried with joy to see the shade range!  SO many beautiful chocolate and caramel girls can't find decent makeup.  Bless Rihanna for proving that not only can it be done at a good price, but that there is a HUGE market for darker foundations!  I hope other companies will learn this lesson.
The foundation looked so good with your tones. I think it matched well.
Youtube sent me here and I'm so glad I found you! You are stunning and I really enjoyed your review. I hate that my shade is sold out, oh well, I'll just have to wait...I just subscribed too!!!
I'm so happy Rihanna launched with 40 shades. I'm on the opposite end of the spectrum and foundations are never light enough for me. I'm the lightest shade in her foundation and it makes my skin look amazing
I thought you had the makeup on already at the beginning of the video
Natural beauty right here! Your skin is so smooth and clean, but after the foundation its like your glowing! it blends perfectly 🌟
You're already almost at 400k! (Btw I subscribed) :)
Love love love your channel. People of all races and shades can relate to you and you're so sweet ❤️
Great review. I am going to Sephora later today to purchase.
I really loved this video, SUBSCRIBED ❣️
I am in love with her personality. Best review. All the other Fenty reviews seemed like they were doing the same script with similar  exaggerated expressions. BE UNIQUE. BE YOU!
You are so beautiful 😍
I had to subscribe to your channel  after watching this video your super sweet and honest
Makeup companies wake up!  You must include ALL!
I actually think the dabbing method works great for you too
You have BEAUTIFUL skin, smooth and glows ❤
your skin is literally perfect.  I wish my face was that smooth 😲
First. Your skin is breathtakingly beautiful...pre and post application. My goodness!!! That's all.
You are so beautiful! Jesus loves you
WTF HER SKIN IS SO PERFECT AND LOOKS SO SMOOTH WTF. I'M SHOOK, WHAT A BEAUTIFUL SKIN TONE MY GOD
Love how much your channel is growing!!!! You deserve it 😘
Your skin is flawless without the makeup!
Your skin is so pretty!
i was honestly distracted by your skin, the shine is beautiful
You are so beautiful and kind
Honey, I don't want to sound racist or ofended you, but you don't need foundation. Your skin is beautiful and radiant. Most girls with lighter skin tone use foundation to hide uneven skin tones and high freckles, sun damage and redness, but on your dark skin tone, those problems won't even show up! I am new to your channel and I don't know what you want from a foundation, but you look the same with our without. 🤷🏻‍♀️ beautiful skin you have by the way 👌🏼
you seem so sweet and down to earth! i love it ❤️
I can't believe my video is trending too! Check it out!
I love the glow it gives her skin- she's beautiful
Other than the color range advantage,I found it really expensive for the result it gave, it oxydase choose a lighter color everyone, the brush is good
This is the first video i watched from your channel and I love your personality. you are gorgeous!!!
You dont need foundation.  You have amazing skin.
Girl!!! your skin is flawless, the foundation has nothing to cover!
You are stunning! Hitting that Subscribe button.
You are absolutely beautiful and your voice is so nice to listen to!! Can't wait to see more of your videos as I'm a new sub!
Hey miss, i wanted to ask if you have tried a.d.p.g foundation. Their shade range is great as well.\n\nTha j you for this review!! I am excited for Fenty beauty getting the right kind of attention
So basically Lancome has a foundation shade darker than the one you're using from Fenty Beauty.
Hi Nyma new to your channel found it by accident glad I did, thank you for the great review I  too and a dark skin women/grandma so glad Ree Ree  put this together so hard finding really good make up for women of color who need any where from light to very dark and btw you are gorgeous your skin is beautiful #blackgirlmagic
Grats on another 100k sub's in a week
You're so beautiful 😍
300K in sep 1st but another 97k in only 15 days wow\nKeep on posting love your channel so so much
you have a damn good skin
I just love the way she talks and she sounds so relaxing and sophisticated. Beautiful girl & beautiful skin. 😍😍
kisses from brazil!! i hope see u soon. i really looove ur job, god bless u!
thanks to me   they didnt have to advertise IT like star wars\nThe Holy Bible\nMARK TRIPLE W A R N I N G\n944   946   948  944-48\n\nsteven king  333
You are literally so beautiful like dang I didn't ask for my self-esteem to be lowered today.
Wow, she's so pretty! I wish my skin was that clear. <3
oh my gooodddddddddddddd when you blend the foundation I just melted! Such beautiful skin tone!!! it is so hard to come by a make up youtuber with such rich colored skin, loved loved loved the vid!
it doesn't even look like your wearing foundation! you look stunning! i can't wait to see chili mango against your complexion as well as trophy wife and all the other Fenty Beauty products. SUB'd! xxx
How is her skin so clear and even in tone before she even put the damn product on?!  It's so unfair, lol, but when I'm not being jealous and unreasonable, I did think this was a good review.
girl. THAT SHIT'S PRETTY! SOLD.
your so beautiful with and without makeup
And your almost to 400k😍😍💕✨
Damn girl your skin is amazing 😍😍😍
Her skin is so rich!! I just want to rub my hand on her skin it looks so smooth
OKAY BUT YOUR SKIN IS SO CLEAR
WOW YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL  !!!!!  And this makeup is fucking amazing i like itt 💙💙💙 from 🇸🇦 we are love you keep going
<3
😍😍😍😍😍😍
She shining!  😍
Damn bitch you dark as fuck lmaooooo
your  skin GLOWS!!!!! even without makeup!😍 u r sooooo pretty!
Beautiful
OMG your hairs🔥🔥
Beautiful
literally been waitingg 😁💕
you're way too gorgeous
Gorgeous:)
Subscribed✔️
Your skin tone is godly Nyma 😍
Divine. 😍
Your complexion is gorgeous!
she looks so cute!!! <3<3
Your skin is already flawless ❤
You are beautiful! Gorgeous skin
your skin is gorgeous
You are super STUNNING😍😍😍😍
YAS BOO ❤️😍
Please review APDG.co foundation please
Omg you are very pretty 😩😩😩 hooooowww
Pretty girl!
Ur skin is mad beautiful 😍😍
Great review.  Thanks !
You are so gorgeous hun. :)
Thanks to Queen riri 😌🙌🏼😘
Omg your skin....how?? 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Damm what foundation  you using MUD
2 whole texture packs
Can i build brown bricks on this version?
Fuck 30 dollars for a shitty version of minecraft when I can get a better one for 7 dollars in the app store
Hey nintendo, your report said that minecraft was released on the day of the announcement, I can't find it on my Eshop, What the Hell is going on here?
Completely unnecessary...\nIf you dont like it, dont buy it. Simple.
I want to see all minecraft kid beg their mother to buy the 3ds for playing minecraft
so many people thought the 3ds couldn't handle it
Well....look like I'm not going to get the 3DS Edition
If my 12 year old self saw this bricks would have been shited
This is what the Wii u edition should have been
I have tried it and to be fair it's not that bad.
Bull fucking shit. GAME ONLY PLAYABLE ON NEW 3DS!?!?!?!?? NO OLD 3DS!?!!?!!?!??!!??!!?!??!!!?!?!?!?!?
Who would want this when you have the Switch version?
Ummmm I already have it on PE Switch Ps Vita and Xbox
Aw Man I Have A Old 3ds Not A New One...
ok, uhm, how do i change between touch and button controls tho?
I remember buying this on Wii U expecting it to keep me occupied for a long time. Nope. Boring as hell.
would be cool if this could have the mario mashup. and if it would *actually come out in europe I've been waiting for like over half a minute why's it not out yet*
They already have a Minecraft like game on 3ds what's the point of this there's no multiplayer and it's already on Switch
Take A Deep Breath:\nMinecraft exclusively on:\nWii U, NEW3DS, Xbox360, Xbox One, Xbox One X, Xbox One S, PS3, PS4, PS4SLIM, PS4PRO, Reapberry PI, PC, Mac, Linux, IOS, Android, FireOS, \n\n\n\nDid I Mention It's On Switch?
This is honestly just to cash in on the fake Minecraft knockoffs on the 3DS
Gotta remember that Minecraft is marketed towards the kids, so don't be surprised Nintendo wants to milk it to death.
man they are just milking minecraft at this point l
So, basically a stripped down version of the main game, similar to the 3DS port of Super Mario Maker. Considering all children these days have smartphones, if not an untethered one or tablet, it would be way easier to just play the Pocket Edition. More content, worse controls, but still superior.
You have to add multiplayer !!!
Oh good! This basically means I don't have to buy the Nintendo Switch version since I currently have the Wii U version. It may be a little late to release this game now, but for New Nintendo 3DS and Wii U owners this is an absolute steal.
i didnt find it on the eshop😕
From Minecrafts own page here https://minecraft.net/en-us/article/minecraft-new-3ds \nWe want to stress that the game is only on the New Nintendo 3DS series, and we've used all the technical might of the dual-screened wonder machine to give you world sizes of 2016x2016 and 128 blocks high! Multiplayer won't be available at launch but we'll have more to share on the feature later. This edition's closest equivalent is 0.15.4 of Minecraft: Pocket Edition, and we'll be continuing to update from there!\nSo, $30 for the $7 mobile game, but NO multiplayer.
What I want to know is: will it support the stereoscopic 3D? If it does then it's grrrrrrreat and I'll probably pick it up. :)
F**K Nintendo and Mojang for not making a  Normal 3DS port that will have only touch controls!!!!
Well time to upgrade to a new 3DS
MFW i have a normal XL and not a new one
I already feel the 20 fps, loads of paid content and 4 chunks render distance. Beautiful console.
Notch was right years ago.
I swear this fucking game is out for every system now
Remember when everyone was faking this game for the 3DS? \n\nAnd now, after many years, we get our game.
How many times was this re-released?
Umm. Its been 8 hours and still no UK release.
It's too late..
People also said that this would be impossible, lol. This is great!
Can't wait for the refrigerator tv edition
So will this get the better together update?  Lol
I've actually really wanted this a few years ago, now not so much but it's still pretty cool
NO LOVE FOR ORIGINAL 3DS USERS lol jk i don't play Minecraft
The graphics are garbage
Thought about buying terraria for 3ds but this comes out, sorry terraria
I have to say it to the world,the PSVita is way much better than this New 3/2ds version (cause as you know Nintendo let die the old 3/2ds models)
Looks like a potato, but you still need a new 3ds system, it’s too late
WHERE CAN I BUY IT?!😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
It looks like something from 2012. And abit late dont you think Nintendo? If this came out a few years people would be more excited but in 2017 really? And why Minecraft New Nintendo 3DS Edition and not Minecraft 3DS edition. Is it really not coming out for the old 3DS. I cant imagine playing Minecraft with that little c-stick lol.
I don't see why they released this now. I always thought it would be cool if the 3ds could have it and now that dream is a reality. Problem is the switch performance is much better and it's going to have cross platform. I would have bought this if it was out 2-3 years ago but no I wouldn't.
THIS is how the Wii U version should have been.
If Minecraft Wii Edition existed, I would be quite surprised.
Will it have local or online multiplayer?
how can i get the cia?
Oh so this is 4K minecraft...
I'm not a fan of Minecraft, but damn this is actually pretty fucking cool.
It wont work on my galaxy
Ok since the minecraft 3ds edition come out now we will wait for the psp version....
This is awesome i haven't played minecraft yet so im excited!
This version is not developed by 4J, Mojang, or Microsoft, its developed by Ocean Interactive but it is based on the pocket edition
only on NEW NINTENDO 3DS*  Why!!!!!!!
Sucks that it's New 3DS exclusive.
Oh Lord, they finally did it
This would have been an amazing 3ds launch title. Now i don't really care.
I have a bad feeling about this one...
Wow 2 years late
This crap is.... Wut
Portability or 4K
The minecraft plague get another victim
Omg
My reaction: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02J5Q4L8WQE
HOLY CRAPPPP
Cool
Cool
the fuck.
fINALLY YES
Really and 2ds normal???
No way
More consoles = More money
PC>>>>>>>XBX1X>>>>>>>PS4 PRO>>>>>>PS4>>>>>>>XBOX1>>>>>>>>Switch>>>>>>>>>>>ios>>>>>>>Android>>>>>>>>>Vita>>>>>>>>>3ds
3ds\n*shows 2ds*
Damn no standard 3ds version.
Brown Bricks on 3ds
Why tho
That's nice
2 years late
what? why
Graphics looks awful hahahaha
Is it online?
Wat
It did come hmm cool
Too little, too late. Period
well i called this... 5 years ago...
So i will be able to play 30-40 hours Minecraft on my New 3DS? Oh yes...that´s a sure buy...Also it´s better than on WiiU thanks to using Fixed Shaders & not shitty AMD/Nvidia-shaders that means 2016x2016 big worlds...(Bigger worlds, even bigger than on Switch)... So yeah. If it has that Mario MashUp-Pack & DLCs, i will get it finally.\n\nFuck the Switch-version (which is only 2 hours on the go xD). Hahahahah- every smartphone`s battery dies in just 2-3 hours...i will play right next to them in a few months- 10x longer easily and laugh about them Oh wait, your battery has just run out? That´s too bad. Mine has just started to warm up...xD ;)
Im get a circle pad pro for this because I only have the old 3ds
Who asked for this?
With homebrew they can fix and add mods
It would be depressingly funny if they launched a miiverse community for this version.
Why nintendo hates old 3ds users?!! Minecraft works on old 3ds, see homebrew! And some of us cant pay a new 3ds!! #Old3DSCraft Please, we have to try to make Nintendo make an old 3ds version.
Why is watching people doing jobs and moving house so satisfying when its time lapsed ??!! Xx
I clicked for Chip!\nGotta love Disney! 😍💖
The teacups are sooooo cute ❤️😉
Am I the only one who watched this to see where see bought the chip mugs? 😂
You should make a few feature walls in the kitchen and your bedroom 😍
Ah I love these vlogs❤️
Once everything is finished, will you do a full house tour? ❤
Your house is going to be beautiful💓
Loved this Hun house is looking beautiful xxxx
Your house is amazing I loved it and I love you obviously - go Emily!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️
I am so excited for you your home looks beautiful. I am loving the moving vlogs: please,please,please do more, do you think you could do a house tour (of what it looks like so far) on one of your vlogs?  ❤️
Why is watching these vlogs so addictive 😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCFguAlW6g4\nLovely Autumn Pictures With Relaxing Music ( Hello Autumn )
ANY SMALL YOUTUBERS WANNA HELP EACHOTHER OUT
whos cody ?
I love you!!!!!
Is she purchasing or renting??
goo.gl/9Z6u3q New Gold/Platinum Plated Cubic Zirconia CZ Bridal Tennis Bracelet only £6.99 includes free delivery!
Sophie could have girly sleepovers with Emily 💗🙌🏻
It looks massive !! 😻❣️
Your my idle
LOVE THESE MOVING VLOGSSS keep them coming!!! Cxxx
i LOVE these vlogs sooo much!
I love moving vlogs
Soph is SOOOO cute !XX
Love moving vlogs!
What lipstick are you wearing?
Adoro questi vlog
You can't buy the yellow chair online 😩😭💩xx
Where abouts do you live as in area wise xxxxxxxxxx
My cousin lives in rushden! I'm always there😅
Sophie looks so like her mum x
Any small youtubers who have just started out want to help me out I've just posted my first video and would love for people to see it , I'll give support back ❤️❤️
Trending!! yasss girl
Emily, you're so stunning! the makeup in the intro suits you perfect!
Your eyeshadow is beautiful!!What eyeshadow are you wearing?
Is she living on her own or with a flatmate?
Please, please tell me what you have used on your lashes. I feel like I can rock out a makeup​ free face if I have fleek lashes!!!
I love your new house in the end it will look amazing!!! Can't wait till it's all finished❤️ I might get your mum and dad to put up my furniture 😂😂😂xxx
You're on the trading page!!! I'm so proud Emily ♥🌹
Just me or is she living in the same place as Sophie Louise ?? X
Are you living with Libby xxx
I'm moving to Brighton in about 6 months time from Australia and this makes me super excited for my move! I can't wait to see your house all sorted and i love everything you've got so far, it looks amazing! ❤
Using all my 3G to watch this on holiday and was well worth it😜 really love the cute pink chairs as well
Mkay I have now found my fave YouTube ... EVER 💛💛
I'd love to see more of your homeware things!
Your house looks amazing already!! Would love to have a house like that in around 5 years time! Xxx
Hey em, have you moved into a new build? Xx
YOUR MAKEUP IN THIS IS MY GOALS ! ILY
Can someone tell me is little Sophie Emily's sister I'm new to this channel so I'm not sure
You should do 'testing new look' makeup! X
you are lucky you got the Chip mug. I can't find here in Portugal
I love the moving vlogs❤️. And your little sister is just the cutest🙈💕
I love your Chanel so much Emily,\nI think you are a really determined, happy and an inspiring person who I can look up to and you always seem to be smiley and you are a brilliant sister. I love you loads and I have been subscribed for what seems like ages and I have watched and enjoyed so many of your videos \nLove you \nAlix xx
Loved this!! I'm so happy you inspired me to make YouTube videos of my own :))
Loving these moving vlogs! 💜 so happy for you xx ps this was so satisfying to watch with the music haha x
I have that mug😘😍
I have that same lamp shade!!
Do a house tour when it is finished
Does anyone know where I can pick up a light shade like the black geometric caged one ?! I'm moving into a new house and can't find big ones anywhere !
came back from holiday to a vlogg yay!! so happy to see you doing moving vlogs. Keep smiling em xxx
Hey Em, loving how you're putting everything together, so proud of how far you've come, are you thinking of doing a house tour? Lots of love 💗
My dogs under the stairs but we don't have a door on, I've put a string bling up. Lovely tour of your home x
It looks like the place that Sophie Louise is moving to
Moving is so stressful but you make it look easy, girl!
Emily I love your vlogs so so much and your moving vlogs make me even more excited to have my own place to decorate my own😊love you!!💞xx
Loving these moving vlogs! Didn't realise furniture was that expensive though 😂
Could you do a what's in your bag challenge.can l just say you are really pretty ❤️❤️❤️
The Disney mugs are $20 and Primark are £5 🙂 I really like the primark ones.
Which out of the 2 chip mugs do you prefer?
I love your videos ❤️❤️ you have the best name btw 🤓it's my name to
It's so exciting to have a place of your own! We recently bought a barratt home and this looks similar! Enjoy :) xxx
Omg u commented on the comment
please do more, i'm obsessed!!
Love this! Your vlogs are my fave! Ly 💜 x
I love your videos soo much. Keep up the good work 😘👌👌
I love this video but I'm so jealous and I hope moving  goes well for you x x
This vlog made me so happy 😁 your family is the cutest!
House tour once you're done! Love that mustard colour chair it would go well with a wooden unit
Emily and Sophie louise posting these kind of videos are making me want my own place 😩😩💗
Did you rent it or bought it? Curious..
Is it only me or does this house look like sophie louise house? I think theyre going to become friends 😀
Did u rent or mortgage
How the hell does is a 20 year old able to afford a house like this !!! Insane , well done Emily !!!!
Ahh love moving vlogs
What are your sneakers called? <3
i love the moving vlogs!!
Lovee the makeup😍
I thought the little girl was wearing a shirt with 'trump for yay' on for a minute, got me shhooketeh
I love moving vlogs
where did you get your hoodie from!!! I NEED!!!
These make me so excited to move house!! ❣️❣️
I love the white!! Please keep posting videos. I'm taking a lot of inspiration from them. That mustard chair though 😍
I need to find the chip mug in primark its AMAZING! Loving the moving vlogs!💖
Great house, love the light shades and mustard chair so cheap too! I've found simple whites and plain items just seem to work best as styles just change so much. Xx
Never watched your channel before but I enjoy this vlog think I will be watching more 😀
I love these videos and your house looks amazing!! X
this has got me so excited for moving out! love your furniture pieces!
Are you renting or did you buy the house
ahhh this is so exciting because I'm moving into my uni studio at the weekend, the white set is also available in baby pink like the pink le creuset stuff. Check them out em
The hype is over 9000!!
This game got even better! Thank you Nintendo!
Very excited for Odyssey! And definitely prefer this subtitled version to the American voice-over version of the video; it's nice to have Koizumi-san telling me about his game (nice suit, by the way)
I would say GOTY 2017 but Zelda...
Damn I'm gonna have to get a switch just for this, looks amazing!
Who else clicked on this in 0.00000000001 seconds?
Ooohhh, so tiara is cappy's sister that makes sense
It wouldn't really be a 3D Mario game without a gorgeous beach level.
Is there anything this game can't do?😂😂\n\nCan't wait, totally gonna collect everything 100% the 1st time playing this
2:14 including tropical islands\n\nOh man please be Isle Delfino
Who else noticed Jeffy's name at 4:04?\nSuperMarioLogan, get on this!
tiara xd
Yeah !
GOTY
Awesome!!!
6:03 nice of the princess to invite us over for a picnic, eh, Luigi?
Omg♥♥
are you tongue is so hot
HIS BROTHER'S Scream is so funny and niana's scream. Love your videos guys <3 keep it up till you get a 100million sub. Love you
Ur sister is a bitch and a ugly she makes me cringe when I see he chew and eat and mostly when she dabs
You're so funny hahaha and niana face is so funny hahaha
It's not spicy at all 😂😂😂😂
Wow.. the ending was really cool!
so far this is the best prank😂
Why did you do that guys even if its spicy you did it im proud of you guys god bless you ranz and niana!
the girl is to many action i no like
it is so Spicy because\nThey Put 3 sauces
There are in the Philippines
10:45 that thank you was cute lol
They're filipinos not Indonesian just saying hehe
Can you make a smooth with spicy food
He look like anmol kc .acter from nepal
I love spicy and a sile
Too many noobs here there not indonesians theres filipinos
NIANA PLS DON,T MAKE THE ILLUMINATE SIGN WITH U,R hand S
Niana's face 😂😂😂😂
The of ends dragon
I don't like you. U think you are funny? Not at all...
So is pretty but she need to shave
THAT BABY WAS SO CUTE <3 <3
MG. I have da frickin same shirt as Niana
Hay niana my name is salwa im from indonesia 😘😘😘
niana you look like a angry bird at 9:00😂😂
I literally cried because of laughing😂😂😂😂
how do you feel niana? is that very spicy? you cried haha :)
hahahahahah ranz you laugh at youre sister now you got it got prank
You guys are filipino? BTW im new to your channel but i subbed before i watched this video
you're so brave guys. just one sauce is too spicy, but you made it extreme. amazing!
i can live a day watching them 😆
Niana\n\nAdorable✔️\n\nAwesome✔️\n\nGreat dancer✔️\n\nCool✔️\n\nHas brother that dances great to✔️
This nake me laugh to much 😂😂😂😂 even i had to think all the teouble thats coming huhu 😢😢😢
The noodles so spicy and niana face is funny😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
I cant stop laughing😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
we love spicyyyyyyyyy
Her lips tho😂😂😂
Hahaha poor Ranz
niana you so FUUUCCCKKKK
Hahahah 😂😂😂😂👍🏼nice one
haha
Hahaha
dantdm hate dab.....LOL
Super funny guys😂😂😂😂😂
Are you phillepines because im phillepines
so cute niana
Woww
wanna try it!
Do the chubby bunny please
HAHAHAHA
Niana....so cute 🤣🤣🤣😘😘
can u guys do spicy ramen challenge
She so get spicy noodle
I like ramennn, nyam nyam
niana's expressions so funny 😂😂
Niana your so pretty
4:07 omg those noodles look like spaghetti😂😂😂
Haha!! Niana nakakatawaaaaa
favorite ko to hahaha
Niana and ranz adventure
XD HE LIKE OMG NOOOOO
Sekarang, ada subtitle Indonesianyaa!! Makin seru
It is spicy
Adek kuh
Yasss proud filipinossss
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG LMAO YOU'RE SO FUNNY WHEN YOU'RE SREAMING
Hehe 😂
😱
ngakak ampe monas wkwkwk😂😂😂😂😂
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=C2ZyOoTU1XU
0:36 song?
nianaaaa
😠😠😠😡😡😡👿👿
I couldn't stop laughing when niana pranked Ranz. 😂😂😂
hahaha
Niana so cute... Aaaawww
I am dying😂😂😂😂😂
i tryed it i lost
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ranz  you  funny
This video so funny 👌😅😆
Poor brother man!!
Ranz Kyle and Niana Guerrero are Filipinos not Indonesian
RIP EARPHONES USERS HAHAHHHHAHAHA
Ranz is so handsome
I felt really bad
Good
It is super funny
are you in the phillipiens??
I From Indonesia..and i like you channel...
9:00 she look like a frog 🐸
You should try Samyang Limited edition 2x spicy.
R.i.p ears 2017
Weird
hahahaahahah** so funny niana.. you got also pranked your brother<3
Those face tho!!😂😂...love u niana😘😘
U are so funny niana
Sooo cute
Hey #VIPs & #NotificationSquad!! I'm just gonna say it - this cake was literally the HARDEST cake I've ever made on this YouTube channel. By the end of it, I just wanted Lloyd to Ninja-GO away!! 😂😂 What's the hardest thing you've ever done? Comment BELOW!
Make a Disney cake
you should do  a how to cake it video with how to cook that .
please do a ballet point shoe cake, it would be a challenge if you make it like standing up, like if someone was using it. Any away please do it please!!!!! 🙏🙏🙏
Hi Yolanda Can you please make an m an m cake with a #secretchamber full of m an ms   #LeaveALikeIfYouLikeTheIdea
Did anyone remembered How to knead it??? \nIt only has one video...
This is awesome
Do a penny wise cake 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
How to cake it can you make a dallas cowboys cake .... im wanna learn how to make it for my mother
Yolanda it would be the best if u do something teen wolf 😊😍
Circles are called inlets(the ones going inward) and studs(the ones poking outward)
Hey on October 6th or one of the days close to it can u make an mlp movie cake thanks so much!!!!!!!!!! \n\n# pony life
Loydds symbol is Japanese for life or enery
5:34 looks like tempe lol
I bet you couldn't wait to shove that knife in his head
Usually I am okay with her eating into the cakes, but it pains me that this was one of the most difficult cakes that she has ever done, taking her 4 days to make and the first thing she does when she is done with it is cut right into the head!
Did anyone notice that Yo wore the same shirt every day?
Can you make groo
wow! so much effort!!! you're really talented yolanda!! I was wondering if i can give you another challenge hehe. I love cheshire cat so it would be great if you can make a character cake of cheshire cat!! (the pink version, not the blue version) hehe. I love u!!!
They are called studs
Make a tarantula cake for Halloween!
You should make a candy land cake but make it into a puzzle or board game cake.
Since alot of shows are coming back in the fall, CAN YOU PLEASE MAKE A TWD CAKE!!!
you should make a cake that looks like a blob of slime
Lloyd's arms look like bananas 🍌\n\nI'm sorry if I ruined that for you..\n\n:)
Pink slime cake from Slime Rancher
Could you do a baby groot cake please ?
I pre ordered the cakebook!!!!!!!!!!!
Can u do the movie IT cake
I'm almost twelve and me and my best friend are super fans. he even has the ORIGANAL two episodes on DVD. me and him are going to see it as soon as it comes out :D
Yolanda, you need a holiday after this one. I felt your pain! The worst part was watching you cut it! Did this guy have another place to go before being devoured?! What do you usually do with the cakes? C
or a tree cake
i really like your videos, they are very intertaining
U MADE ME SO HUNGRYYYYYYY lol
do a cake washer and dryer
Yolanda has a son?!?!!?!
a cake of the box of a cake with the cake in it
#legocakewoes having to carve tiny cupcakes into the characters. I kept cutting my fingers on the knife
Yolanda idk which cake to make?!?!?! My mom will only let me make two?!?!?! Which ones should i do?!?!?!
Cake the clown from it please
Hey when she made the hands to me they look like hand lollipops I made these lol
I subscribe and like to your Channel and I'm new
Wonder if someone will attempt to make this
In this vid Yo used an awl for Lloyds hands, my last name is Awls 😂😂
UR BOOK IS COMING OUT ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Yolanda can you please make a unicorn cake
Make Taylor Swift you are amazing I have my you tube channel to Swiftys Forever I'm Isabelle I love all of your videos so much I'm in 5 the grade bye!!!!!!!!!
HI HOW TO CAKE IT \n1. You should colab with Rosanna Pansiono\n2.Please make a Wallace and Grommet cake it would be like you and Joslin
Hello Yolanda I made the  same LLOYD lego cake but I didn't post the video,I still have the video in my camera should I post it.\n#LEGOCAKEWOES
Can you make an OREO cake
Make a cake in 4 hours straight!
Cake iT \nTo \nMake iT \n#yoquotes
Make an IT cake! That would be so cool for Halloween. Well a cake of Pennywise! Please please please
cake Minecraft
Can you make a death vader cake, plz?😊☺☺
#legocakewoes I feel your Pain! I once made a lego Indiana Jones.... worst three days of my life!!!
Do a video with Joslin! Sorry if I spelled it wrong😋
Still waiting for a bed cake
cool 🐲
She has a son...lol
Can u please do a puppy dog cake my dog recently died 😢😢😢😢and I miss him so much
When you finally go to see the movie you're going to have ptsd
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEAAAAAAAASSSSSEEEEEE make a jiggly cheesecake I want to see you make it cuz a talented baker like your self could do it so easily
Omg you should make a crown!!!
#vipsquad Amazing!!😍
I love it how you put so much effort in every single piece of it! \nIt's SO COOL! My little sister also loves it - she's a fan of NINJAGO. \n\nBtw: Still uploading stuff on How to knead it?
You should make a cake with a family member
*her:* this is the hardest cake I've ever made\n*me:* and it's still perfect?!?!?😱❤️
Do a giant rice krispy treat cake
Cake a person
Can you please make a hannie cake
I love you and your videyo
i don't know what to say
I sub and share also turn on notafication
yolanda the circle things are called studs
U should make a Barbie house cake
I challenge Yolanda to make a tornado cake with a destroyed house on a road
Yolanda u should cake yourself
Baby Groot from Guardians of the Galaxy (vol. 2)! Please! 😍
She could also make herself like if you agree👏🏼
Everyone comment hoverboard so she can make one
Good god, this looked extra hard! Good job, Yolanda!
My 6 year old son loves to watch cake making videos with me. He was so excited when he saw this cake. He LOVED it!
you should make a cake that looks like a Couch
did anyone else notice that lloyds arms at first look like bananas
Love this cake but could you make a  It   cake for Halloween
STUDS
You should be on cake wars
WOW! Amazing, Yo! True talent! 💕
just a question, why does she use such thick fondant ?
Wow I never knew u had a son yolanda \nHaha
My BRO LOVED THIS CAKE AND I LOVE YOU YOLANDA😍❣️👑👑❣️❣️❣️💖💖💖
#NotificationSquad #VIP I subscribed and pls do something Harry Potter themed
You should make a unicorn cake
you should make a solar system cake 😛
Me and my grandma made a sensei wu cake
So much work behind this cake, respect !!!
You should make a classic trick or treat pumpkin bucket with candies in a secret chamber with fondant candies on top! 🍫🍭🍬
wow, it is so beautiful. You should to give your cake to a kids who need it. I'm so sad to see you eat only on part and not share it. 😉
Giant Panda cake? 🐼
To see more of Aaron Carter's interview, visit http://bit.ly/2h1UADj.
I'm glad he's being open and honest with everyone and himself about what's going on. He's a brave man.
Seems as though anyone hanging out with Michael Jackson as a kid or tween, always end up fucked up. Aaron Carter, Mukauley Kulken, Corey Feldman.... I think there might be a link...
i still love you aaron
All I gotta say is that we need more celebs like him how much I can admit to say that he's probably on my next list on looking him up more often expected
Omg i hope he gets better
This dude needs actual rehab not a TV show. He's just playing to the audience and reading some of these comments people are actually believing this bull. The way he cuts them off to praise them for helping him is such an addict move. He knows what to say and do to pretend to get help shy of actually doing it. Keep patting him on the back for nothing and he'll OD
If you ever knew a junkie than you know 100% if his lips are moving he's lying. I wish him the best.
hang in there, Aaron...keep reaching out for help, cuz we want you well <3
Why are doctors always so damn self righteous when it comes to prescription drugs for anxiety and depression? These drugs were created for a reason! They actually help people! Some people will always have chronic anxiety and depression just as someone who has chronic backpain or arthritis. Give them the drugs they need or shut the fuck up!
He's an addict telling people what they want to hear, pure and simple, he may not be addicted to cocaine or meth, but he is addicted to benzos, and to be honest,  he needs to come out of the closet fully, i bet thats the reason this is going on.
How can you use prescription for Xanax responsibly one minute and then get it off the street the next? 🤦‍♀️
Why did he come on the show if he already had all the freakin answers...... honestly I feel bad for him, because you can tell he's really mentally off. He's extremely manic and flighty.
Jesus is the  only hope for this world ,he can forgive all your sins .\nMatthew 11:28 Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. Revelation 3:20 Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with that person, and they with me.                                                    only  Jesus can help this  men . for Jesus nothing is impossiblehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHRGh2EiEhMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0w39vErgIMMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsMAXhc0Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5pZkLWZv-Ehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga6Qtxzd6vkJohn 3:16 says: For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.Today is your great day the day when God wants to get to your rescue. Recognize that it was impossible for you save on your own. Acknowledge that you lived blind and you were really lost. And above all, believe in the only begotten Son of God so that you do not perish. Celebrate today the victory that God gives you when you repent and leave behind your past. Let there is party today in heaven because your name has been inscribed in the Book of Life. Jesus Christ is knocking on the door of your heart; think no more, open it already. You do not know whether there will be another chance after today because tomorrow may be too late. The time to save is now. God bless you.\n\n                                                                   you will be in my prayer  Aaron  you not alone .. only you need to do is find right way .                                                                                              He is waiting for you with open arms .
Aaron Carter: I don't want to be on drugs (prescribtion drugs)!!\nAaron Carter: There's no WANT TO, I'M GOING TO!\nAaron Carter: I mean what I say! I'm going to do it!! \n\nWhen the audience leave and after the show, Dr.Tavis: Sooo........you're going to rehab right? \nAaron Carter: Well....you'll have to talk to my managers. I have concerts I gotta perform. \n\nHe's full of shit. He's fooling himself and he doesn't even know it.
I love this show! It makes me feel like there is something going on in my life. Although, I'm just sitting in front of a lit box, and the (well paid) people in them don't even know that I exist.
Many people go through this. The greatest battle we have is within ourselves. Having a strong connection to Allah, will help alot.
well for those who say he does drugs he admitted it right there that he will go and obtain these prescription pills off the street. so yes he does legal drugs in an illegal way and needs help. Many people have been there
He's an addict and doesn't have a solution other than the medication his doctors give him to make money.
HE IS ADDICTED TO PENISES
Sometimes people need those drugs. Give them some credit. Yeah they CAN kill you, but most medications can if they aren't taken correctly. Time and a place for everything. But for anxiety, it's good to find the right medicine and then get therapy.
Jeez someone loves saying things that get him applause. Hope he gets the help he needs but being recovered myself, he wont help himself truely until HE wants help. I think, maybe the well is running dry and coming on the show gets him back in public and the subject is eye grabbing. Hes obviously sick-mentally and physically. Way to go bug bro Nick. He is tryin to be as successful as you and you may or may not be helpin
This is heartbreaking...I hope he gets all the help he needs and makes a full recovery..
Omg I love Norman Vincent Peale!! My grandpa listened to him too. Aaron has a good heart I think he means we'll and he just needs better influences and direction
He's a full on junkie.
I really hope he ends up going to rehab. it's so scary.
Aaron Carter man up. Sorry for you but your not ready to help your self.
I wish his problem was the pills but it's not. The pills don't make you skinny. He's doing heroin and if he wants to get clean from heroin he needs 1 or 2 years in rehab.Real rehab  not the expensive resorts in L.A. that want to call themselves rehab centers.
Lol this loser is high right now off of Oxy.
he's not on a good path...i don't think this show is at all going to help him change. he seems like he's going on a downward spiral
isn't that the book Kevin gave to Nick?
He's fake.  There's always an excuse. He's addicted to pain pills. Point blank period. He's an entertainer and everything out of his mouth is for popularity. He lies about his sexuality to put him out there in the limelight.  He lied when he said he had battled this his white life.  He wasn't like this before, he wasn't a stick figure.  It's so sad that this has happened to him but he needs to go to rehab.  There's a reason why his family wants nothing to do with him.  He's an addict, I have a family member who is also addicted to pain pills. It's rough.
the guy is clearly still in the 'lime life' life style he says all the right things but its like... PR PR PR kinda things, hope he gets better. God Bless him
What the heck did Travis put in his face?  He looks like a 40 year old woman!!!
But they dont really tell you what's wrong with him
he went to an amusement park with Micheal Jackson at age 13? you can't write this stuff
Man white people like to cry about stupid stuff
he looks like a fucking meth dealer
Oxy is an appetite suppressant.
Thanks! (I WILL)! ...
He needs Jesus, he's tried everything but has not tasted how sweet the Lord is!! Give your life to Christ Aaron HE can set you free from Adiction, from homosexuality free from anxiety! I am living proof of this..... John 3:16
He's so mentally ill, it baffles me how he has not been committed yet. I don't believe a word that leaves his mouth he is so delusional , child stardom ruins you . \nI would be surprised if this guy makes it to his 40th birthday
Please pray for him everyone! It's Satan that is trying to make him crazy and he is under spiritual warfare.
Unfortunately he didn't disclose that he's addicted to Whip-it's (Duster Aersol Cans)
Man if y'all don't give my mans some of that blue dream and let him chill while off the pack he'll be alright
not to interupt you ???? LOL yeah ok
He is just saying what people want to hear
Ah fuck off.   He's such a clown
Smoke a bell SIMPLE
Smoke a blunt
*Hes lying about sept 11*
I'm so proud of you guys! You're trending!!
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Ohhh let get 56 likes and 72 dislike on my vid guys
When you only watch RT for these
Love every time they talk about this man on the podcast.
The last attempt on my lifeti was nimboon time quantum time Technoon Transformer time nimboon time transformer time digital time my name Politician Kevoon Zune HD LP CDR Podcast LP CDR Public Enemy No Ammo hand n hand from Manhattan Noognay Yangon 1807 2040 was here
The father-in-law looks a lot like Ra's al ghul
Can we all take a second to appreciate just how awesome the Rooster Teeth Animation outro is now? It's brilliant.
This is Weird but is Understandable people. Thanks.
These used to be my favorite back in the day
Who'd have thought\nhttps://youtu.be/vHWbibCETSo
0:54 Brandon is really good at story telling :)
I almost pissed myself laughing at the Kayak scene ! Brilliant ! 1st time watching & it was well worth it Lol
Found this site that actually pays you just for playing games 😂😎\nso much fun and money at the same time🤑 here is it if you wanna try it too\nhttp://6753ciw2unnx2ya5j6xdo2gx6x.hop.clickbank.net/
Subscribe to my channel the username is young kid Savage Kingdom
Want your very own cinematic film based on you? Well now you can! Go to https://www.fiverr.com/thetrooper1 and i will create your very own cinematic short on GTA V with your character as the main character in an epic fight to survive!
Sence When did you   get on trending?
I don't always.....
that guys father-in-law is like the most interesting man in the world or Sean Connery
Brandon's stories are so awkward... But they're so good!
https://youtu.be/ip4__BcfRfc\n\nNice video everyone should watch it
The most interesting man in the world is his father-in-law
Want free google play or paypal money? Click this link https://youtu.be/mvyvaj_mS1Q
goo.gl/7eZ8oB New Mens Black Leather Analog Quartz Stainless Steel Waterproof Wrist only £5.99 for a limited time only 3 left!
I still can't stop laughing because the father in law was stil holding on underwater
I love how Brandon's father in law looks like the older dos-equis guy!
LOL...the most interesting man in the world....his father-in-law...
Watching with out sound is odd
great animation, great story . good video
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
Good job Brandon you're on trending for attempted murder
I have the opposite effect. I look white but I'm Mexican I go and talk to the hispanics in Spanish and they talk back to me in English.
I'm so happy that rt is on trending. I never see them on it so it's nice to see a creator on it that deserves it
Notice that he's drinking straight Tanqueray gin at 0:22.
No power and no WiFi yet here I am still watching youtube videos
Lol! I loved this story on the podcast! And the choice to make Brandons father in law look like the Most Interesting Man in the World is GREAT. Good stuff guys :)
Hello, and Welcome to my chnnl...
Bet you wont Subscribe to My Channel
wow nice drowing for power \nsome animation click here \nhttps://goo.gl/dSh8cJ
1 Bit coin now equal to more than 4000$😍😨\n\nNow this is the new one go fast and sign up for free you will have 50 WCX for free also😍😍 \n\nYou just should follow this link below then sign\n up and verify your account and wait to be millionaire😍😍😎\n\nhttps://wcex.co/?ref=KiWMUo9V\n\nI did it ,it is your turn 😃\nYou won't lose any thing just earn money 😂😍\n\nSure it isn't an hack link it is a global company😏😌
why is this on trending? ive never seen these on trending
awesome, this is a creative animated video.\ni am also a graphic designer. some document below hare.https://goo.gl/c2W8Wa
Power, Sweet animated video\nHere is animated design. \nhttps://goo.gl/1sV8GM
Rooster Teeth Animated Adventures is amazing video.\nI made it  https://goo.gl/h39bx9
You kayaked passed the booie where you're supposed to kayak ... and you thought he was trying to kill you... lol
Plot twist: This was The Most Interesting Man In The Word.
It's not Summer anymore.
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
i bet the father in law eats his cereal without any milk
His dad is the Dos X guy
Wtf is wrong with the men of today. 🙄
The most interesting man in the world
The most interesting father in law in the world
Man. What a badass. He must get ass for days.
Burnie never got a chance to tell his story.
Is that old Luffy from One Piece. Check out the chest.
Thought this channel died. huh I guess not
ROSSTER TEETH DO YOU REMEMBER YOU HALO ANIMATIONS??? ITS IN NETFLIX NOW LOL
1:58 Brandon doesn't have legs?!
So Brandon's father-in-law is the Most Interesting Man in the World from those stupid beer commercials?
I shore thought he was going to take you wave him, but water would have happened if he did.\nI guess I'm to punny today. I'm wavy sorry.\nOk I'm shore that's it.
*_I now have mad respect for that Father in law._*
Is it just me or is Brandon's voice kinda extra...lispy? Did I miss something?
Can't wait for RWBY
Because of the unskippable 30 second ads, I didn't even watch the video.
He didn't disengage
RvB 16?
Everyone's an amputee!
Who still watches rooster teeth
Trending
Daamn
That oldman has no teeth.
How is Rooster teeth 11 on trending
the booie
https://jsitblogblog.wordpress.com/
#3 on trending???
Number 10 on trending!?!
#1 TRENDING!!!!!!
Original OnePlus 5 6 64GB Smartphone Snapdragon 835 Octa core LTE 4G 5.5 20.0 MP 16.0 MP dual Camera fingerprint Android OS 7.0 goo.gl/PqVmjo
Yes number 1 on trending come through RTAA
Wait, how is this trending? 😂
Trending?!?
wow\n#4 on trending
grats on 2nd on trending!
How is this trending ? Awful
#2 on trending!!!!!!
#2 on trending
Had a savage Applebees ad
This is fantastic.
LMAOO stay thursty my friends
https://youtu.be/cdSyoLd4q1Q
Oh Brandon.... simple simple Brandon...
666 dislikes wierd
Wow #13 on trending
This made the trending page? SIIICCK.
Small YouTuber here! I would love to get some constructive feedback. :)
ayy number 10 on the trending page well done guys
Brandon is the less interesting person in the world
Taylor Swift Ready For It? official Music video \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDlyhXdJN7s
This foolish woman spent here entire life building up to this moment, where she can walk the red carpet... to interview the stars, glamor and icons and over sensationalized bullshit she's been reading and watching her entire pathetic fawken life! In case you didn't catch it.. she asked if he was out looking for a date tonight... after his gf committed suicide. What a b.
He's like a crazy Zen Master! Love it!\n\nThe best way to wake people up, is to shake them up!\n\nKeep shaking the world with your energy Jim. We appreciate it!
when you hate your job it's time to move on, no matter how much money it makes you
I think Jim did not respond very cautiously to a  single-celled   journalist .... and the same  single-celled  followers have become entangled !  )))
one dose of whatever Jims got right over here ☝️
Hes is awake those who dont understand are blind in your fake world.
Brother Eugene, I Knew you'd come! Now you see that your body is just a vessel! AHHH Yeaahhhhhh! @MattHardyBrand I see Woken Jim Carrey. Get woke, stay woke! DELETE! DELETE! DELETE!
Red pills aren't for all, one has to be ready
Just give him the Medallion of Spiritual Achievement.
A sane person to an insane society must appear insane.
Here I come to save day
I believe jim has reached enlightenment. He's conscious of the things that don't exist. Me posting this comment is usless because it isn't real, what is real is death. We are just energy put into this conscious body that's considered life, but life itself is an illusion. Kinda like a magic trick, it looks convincing and real at first, but once it's broken down you realize it's just an illusion it's fake. Life isn't real, the only real thing in this so called life is death.
He's expressing the Nonduality/Advaita philosophy. Look it up.
Is Jim planning to run for president? He's already outdone Trump!
It doesn't matter if Jim is woke or otherwise, Catt Sadler (the reporter) rightfully expects a simple, cheeky interaction with any and all of those she interacts with on this carpet - as is the same for every Red Carpet event, every year. Period. As much as that truth may warrant something truly outlandish happening, you can't expect someone (i.e. yourself) to have twenty conversations about fashion, and then someone walks up and says we don't exist. You're not real. In the moment, she was probably more inclined to think he was insulting her, rather than him deep-diving into the meaning of existence.
She doesn't get his lit personality
Jim Carey sounds like he's bi-winning  af on some pure uncut tiger blood
I love it... I just seen it
It's the drugs that they were giving them  that was making him act like that just like they did to Kanye in all the rest of the celebrities
I can see the soul in him just freaking out as he tries to jump back into the 3D life for a moment. It is not easy to move backwards once you have evolved your consciousness. What he says is a little much for people of his surrounding to take him seriously. I think he could have represented the Devine plan a little better. After all you cannot judge even those who are still plugged into the 3D matrix. You need compassion, but I could not attend such madness so I understand his demeanor.
That was kind of fun
Hes breaking his programming!!! Hes speaking out against the industry!!! Hats off to him. Stay strong Jim, full armour of God brother!
We're asleep you dumb bitch I hate stupid people who don't know that they're stupid
The funniest part is when he pats her on the shoulder and just walks away lol
She opened up with are you roaming the streets looking for a date his wife killed herself not to long ago actual vintage cunt.
He represents me when I finished any philosophy book
If its all fake Jim look me up and I'll take care of your properties, cars and bank accounts.
I respect him so much for this! Calling our society out for all of our egoic games. We need to wake up from our distracted superficial lives.
He knows the truth
There is no me. There are just things happening, there are clusters of tetrahedrons moving around together... WTF Jim Carrey?
He has a point. We haven't been here for 5 minutes in comparison to the age of the universe, and once we're done with our inefficient, self-destructive orgy, we'll be gone and leave nothing but bones for the next semi-intelligent bipedals to throw in their gas tank.
Wtf man if youstart sounding like a crazy person, nobody is gonna believe in your anti illuminati shit!
The woman's face when he said on the good foot, hah! 😂😂😂
He appears to be sane to me. But he lately feels more angry at everything. Life is hard and he went trough a lot. He has to forgive himself for his ex girlfriend suicide.
This man is the great man. !
jim is a good man
I love this new Jim Carrey <3
Stupid news reporter needs to open her mind, maybe try to understand more by asking better qurstions, although its a bit hard to think and act after taking in all them words
He's being sarcastically deeper than the surface but the interviewer did well!!! Professional  and effectively deflective.
Didn't his girlfriend just die... great opening question...
I've always loved Jim Carey.
Look at her face she looks like she's going to crap her pants
love this guy!!!!!!!!!love to you jim !!
You go Jim! Must be so nice to feel so free
I'm 20 years old rapper who's trying to make his dream come true. I would really appreciate If you could like, share and support. Thx for your time man.
FUCKING BITXH WHY IS SHE ACTING LIKE THAT? HE ISN'T WEIRD, SHE'S JUST STUPID AND THE MEDIA TOO
someones been doing a lot of acid
I kinda get what he means\nwatch prince ea's video and you'll get it
Prince Ea for president
Omg i love Jim Carrey! Go Jim you do what you do man!
What an ego-driven, non-sensical, rude, & pretentious stunt. Such a pseudo-intellectual philosophy-bro behavior to attend a fashion event ~ironically~ to trash it ( if that makes any sense) as if the art, craftsmanship, and architecture that goes into fashion isn't of enough - or even MORE - merit than his abstract art.  Moreover, to grandstand to make such TRITE and OBNOXIOUS POINTS??? Sad really. How is sarcastic participation in the event an effective statement of defiance against forces of narcissism which dominate the industry HE MADE HIS FORTUNE ON at all? The way he circled that interviewer, made a bunch of non-sequiturs then deflected from her serious question about world events is the height of the pomposity he claims to despise. Why is no one showing up to car shows and belittling them for being a monument to a shallow, consumerist culture of excess, like he did to the economy-stimulating industry that is fashion? Because it's female dominated. This is nothing more than arrogant suffering with a stage & hints of sexism. I'm so over tortured genius types who follow the shitty philosophy that we must suffer for the sake of suffering.
He seems like he's got it all figured out...
It makes it so much more funny that Jim carrey actually is Truman as well.. Nonetheless he really got me thinking
My third eye just opened.
For him to talk like that he can only be way ahead of us when it comes to awareness and consciousness.
Wew! Someone got into the DMT. Wouldn't mind trying it myself tbh, at a later time.
Jim Carrey is my favorite. He's absolutely correct about everything he says. He's that guy Bill Hicks was waiting for.
i love him. even tho i dont exist and neither does he
Jim always with the jokes.
Jim seems like he tripped on some shrooms and began to see life in a more complex and objective way. Most of Hollywood won't understand his point of view anytime soon, unfortunately.
This reporter is so basic, her mind is so basic, she almost short circuited with just the thought
dat bitch with her rude ass reactions, who does she think she is?
Is this a rick and morty live action?
I don't think he's crazy.  I think he's trying to say something but years and years of Hollywood brainwashing has him completely jumbled up mentally. Hollywood is a lot darker than people truly realize and what it does to people is terrible.
he has lost the plot hasnt he
Come to think of it we've all been brainwashed by the system run by the Elites.
Jim you're a deep thinker in a shallow world, you will never fit into Hollow-wood.
I fucking LOVE him. He is the most woke human. fuck your icons and celebrities and egooooos\nand he's so effortlessly shady. just insulted her whole basis of reality. look at her- she's so out of it
i could have some good conversations with jim.
instagram of the lady?
EVERYONE LOOK UP JIM CARREYS SECRET HAND SIGNAL Jim Carrey is becoming a whistle blower please take this man seriously GOD BLESS YOU JIM CARREY STAY SAFE CAUSE THEY WILL START TO LOOK FOR YOU AND TAKE YOU OUT
Here's a video for people who don't understand what he's saying. \n\nPrince Ea:\nhttps://youtu.be/ESB00WsWOAU
That sounds like a cry for help tbh
jim is going through many things
I LIKE THIS.
Woke.
Jim Carrey is g8
The awaking 🙌
He really doesn't gaf
Hahahaha 0 fucks givin'  :D:D:D:D:D::D\nSALUTE JIM :D:D:D love you all !
jim carrey is awesome
Simply Meaningless...
wow she is incredibly uncomfortable
The reporter is daft.
Good bit
Lol
Jim swings a fat Hog
Awks
her face is priceless ahahahah
Breakthrough..
Watches one Vsauce video
Jim knows best.
Icons 😂😂😂😂😂 \nIcon my ass 💩
so peaple are created by alians confirmed
what a nut
What a freak!
Troll level expert.
RED PILLED
I dont understand him..
Man, season 5 of BoJack Horseman came quick.
he can say whatever he wants, but should be prepared for any ramifications that might follow. freedom of speech is not freedom of consequence, something a lot of people who disagree with Jim on this subject seem to forget
So the face of Youtube said the N word on a livestream and those two dickheads made apology videos. Youtube is clearly a sinking ship by this point. Like a ship in a kiddie pool.
People who make living off YouTube should be purged. pure and simple. Jim you don't seem to exploit YouTube to make a living so your safe
PewDiePIe sympathizers are such scum... I dont even care about the N word thing, the dude is a whiny little child that thinks acting like an amped up 12 year old is funny, people that are fans of this crap are barely a step above the morons that let FRED become popular.
Here comes the moralizing... If it looks like a church lady, and sounds like a church lady, it's probably Jim F. Sterlingson.\n\nWe get it. N-word: bad \n                  PewDiePie: bad \n                  little boys doing little boy things online: bad\n\nAnd yes, the largest vid-speaker on the prop-box has to set a -golden- (wait, that might be construed as racist) BRONZE standard as the one king to school them all; because the huddled masses are both too stupid to AND have no right to do or think independently, especially at the risk of fee-fees getting hurted. Anything else? Certain Video Nasties you need to censor while you're at it? Any pixelated mammaries in need of surgical reduction? And how soon before one of your acolytes sends \nJohn Anderton with a big ol' blue ball after me because I might (just might!) -vote libertarian- be a racist, bigot, white, homophobe, transphobe etc?
African American's literally don't give a fuck....
It seems to be a slip of the tongue
I think TMarTn got more hate than Syndicate did
Here come the pewdiepie fan boys..
Oh no.... YT removing wrong think... darn.... Its almost like there *needs to be* a platform that pays up loaders for views... because patrion isnt a thing.\nThere are other places one can upload videos, people just need to start using them...
Is Jim seriously advocating for regulation of youtube content? Steam Greenlight is one thing, but it would be a detriment for Jim to go against fellow Youtubers. Whether or not you like PewDiePie doesn't mean you can't force him to not freely express in youtube. Jim is a hypocrite
1. Pewdiepie didn't make jokes about the holocaust, he made jokes about how people are willing to do literally anything for internet fame. Which of course one could argue is rich coming from him, but still - drop the manufactured outrage.\n\n2. The adpocolypse is happening because old media wants to get control of the new media, and control the message there as they already do in print and on TV. They don't give a toss about PDP or terrorism sites. \n\n3. You're correct that the issue of the DMCA claims is separate to the issue of PDP's N-word utterance.
Ok, let's condemn and ban people for saying the bad racist word. Oh, how many rap and black excellence channels would just collapse instantly.\n\nAllowing or banning someone from saying things based solely on skin color is way more racist than any word. \n\nThis video is pretty hypocritical.
C'mon Jim, its not like he said something actually bad like transmisogyny or gamers are dead. Cut him some slack.
One of Jim's unfunny shticks is to look at low-priced Steam releases and then criticize them for not being up to AAA standards. One of these games was The Slaughtering Grounds by Digital Homicide, which Jim shat all over while either lying profusely or just not bothering to do any research. When, unlike other developers, DH didn't take it lying down and uploaded a response video that coined the Jim Fucking Sterling Son meme. Clearly not mad at this, Jim started criticizing all of their games, resulting in hours upon hours of videos where he obsessively talks about them and tries to get his fans to storm their forums, only to then complain when they get banned. Eventually, DH was able to invite Jim to a debate. What ensued was a lot of stuttering and forced laughter in an attempt to stall for time, as Jim started off trying to play his smug internet tough guy persona, only to realize it doesn't work when the person is actually there to respond.
I have noticed recently, when debating whether nazis should get punched, that a lot of people do seem to think nothing you say should matter. That people should be able to say whatever they want without getting fired, banned, boycotted, or punched. That punching someone is far worse than anything a person can say because words don't matter. Except that they do? What you say matters. Marching in the street with fucking tiki torches chanting anti-jew rhetoric matters. Sieg heiling a nazi flag matters.  People want real life to be like the internet where they can shoot their mouths off without consequence. That's not how the world works no matter how much people want to pretend otherwise. They can't go around in the real world saying things with the specific goal of angering and terrifying people and then hide behind It's just a joke, bro. It's just words! It's for the lulz! when those people respond with violence born from the anger and fear these people went to great lengths to create!
If you judge whether people are racist based on their word choice... you're not listening hard enough.\n\nPewdiepie isn't racist, so calling him racist just devalues  the accusation.
Oh please. Liberals would LOVE regulations on Youtube to stop people from saying the naughty things that their fragile feelings can't handle.
In PewDiePie's case i really have to condemn issueing DMCA Takedowns against him for that. I'd like to advise you to take a look at YongYea's video about it, but basically: That's ripping down a door you cannot rebuild. Not because of PewDiePie, fuck that overrated piece of shit, but because issuing DMCA-Takedowns for personally not liking someone, is a shady practice. Yes he fucked up, yes he sucks badly, but they DID officially state that streaming their game is fine, and THEN going in to issue strikes against whoever they want whenever they want for any reason they want is simply not okay. You can not give the ok to everyone to use that thing, and then randomly tell certain people it's ok for everyone but them, just because they personally don't like them. Especially when you take in that some of these people do this as their job,  AND he did also ask anybody else who has had a game of theirs streamed by PewDiePie to do the same. So basically, they are trying to ruin a persons entire life because they personally don't like him. \n\nImagine you walk down a street, see a guy and think Oh i don't like that guys face i think i'm going to kill him and everyone is supposed to go Oh yeah but that guy did say something bad at some point in his life, so it's fine. It sends a dangerous signal to the entire industry and that is something we should not let happen, no matter what trash the person in question is.
I can disagree without being persecuted, right?
i totaly aggre with your poinion on pewdiepie but i'm fucking pist that you ended up doing the same thing when you gave that game a 1/10 because of how pist you were
Can you just not fuck it? is applicable to pretty much anything online
To all of you guys crying about freedom of speech and censorship, understand this: \nLike people who affiliate mob, shaking hands with the devil to get a piece of the action is an agreement to not become a liability in their eyes. Doesn't matter if anyone outside of the corporate circle agrees or not. Only difference is, if you act a fool on YouTube you lose revenue and videos, but if you act a fool while working with the mob you'll get cement shoes or a visqueen sleeping bag. Either way, when you become a content creator you become YouTube's bitch.
This was idiotic.   You could not be more wrong about the situation.\nMoronic!
I find that anyone that calls him Pewds can safely be ignored. Especially when they claim to not be a fan, yet still manage to defend him. Nobody just accidentally says a word without it already being a word they use. The only slip up happening was he got caught saying it live.
after all charges were dropped Nintendo sent those boys a NES Classic & SNES Classic because these are the perks with being a Call of Duty Fan.
You have to understand it is a stream, you cant beam it out or edit the video. It just happen, after saying the N-word in the stream pew 1 sc later say sorry about it in the stream.
Look at all the retards in the comments, MUH FREEDOM OF SPEECH\nPS: I can say retards because I'm not a youtube leech who can only survive off of children watching me.
jim i think this was too subtle for people to get it. you might need to add your own subtitles on it.
Honestly, Pewdiepie using the N word is just silly for him to do. Regardless of your personal beliefs about PC culture, we don't use racial slurs for anyone except with the privacy of our own friendship circles that have deemed it okay. Pewdiepie is a youtuber, it's his job. He streams, and makes videos. When he's livestreaming, he is on the job no matter how cool or freeform the job. \nYou do not say that word when you are at your work. Period. Try to apply your arguments to your mum and see how it works for you.\n\nAnd beyond that, if you are so against the N word being considered a racial slur, then advocate for it in a manner with a legitimate argument. Don't go just saying it for the sakes of saying it.
I fully agree on the Pdp part.\nEither YouTube regulates itself, for example enforcing their community guidelines or just making use of laws, or, and in my opinion more likely, the current YouTube will fail.\n\nAs for why enforcing some guidelines is important:\nIf the CEO of some minor company, let me take Tim Cook as an example because he is in the media from time to time, were to swear on a press conference. The entirety of the Apple shareholders would demand him to step down. Not because the word used was bad, but because his behaviour is inappropriate. Companies working with Apple would be happy as their business partner has some standards and move on.\nOn Youtube however, advertisers (business parterns of Google) see no actions at all! Working with a company that has no standards is to be avoided, or else your shareholders, customers and business parterns will give up on you.\n\nAnother issue is the audience of said channels. They are young and do not know any better. Guess how we got all the screaming and swearing children in voice channels.\nTheir idol is screaming and swearing all the time! It is logical to them to behave the same. The sterotypical 12 year old is co-produced of YouTube not regulating anything. Laissez-faire has failed years ago.\n\nNow that the waves get higher, we see the storm comming.
you know they can't not fuck it. it's just like any big video game corporations not trying to squeeze every penny out of you...someone's gonna cave in then bend you over.
I appreciate you Jim
You ought to stop relying on YouTube for your sheckles.  It isn't PDP's fault that YouTube has changed it's monetization program.  You're a big boy with a large following and you should be wise enough to realize that getting paid by YouTube/Patreon/kickstarter/etc makes you a slave.  Time to wake up and find another way to make money.
In these comments: A bunch of white guys defend another white guy using a racial slur, yet when a black guy sits quietly during the national anthem (for example) those exact same white guys absolutely lose their shit.
The Internet:  Being a total dickbag and getting called out on it and all of your followers defending you.
6:49 I'm pretty sure that's an emu not an ostrich.
Wowie, look at those dislikes. Maximum jimmie-rustling with this video, Jimmie.
It really goes to show you can't do anything involving black people these days without some moron (usually a guilty white person) screaming about racism?\n\nFamiliar words Jim?\n\nYeah, that was you back in 2009, before you hooked up with a living SJW stereotype and sold your soul.
The adpocalypse didn't have anything to do with pewdiepie in the first place...
Things aren't looking too well for Google in the we don't need people, lets automate everything! front. \nAdvertisers are dropping from YT due to the shit mentioned above.\nGoogle Drive is turning into the biggest completely free porn storage platform due to lack of regulation.
Jim states that there's no precedent for Fair Use on Youtube, but I think that H3H3's recent win would count for setting a new Fair Use precedent, yea? At least that would be State court, assuming there probably isn't any precedent at the appeals or Federal level.
Thanks for keeping up the good fight!
Pewdiepie is a coward, and it's no surprise a junkless coward would use that word in the comfort of his isolation bubble, but would never say that word around, you know, actual black people/white people/asian people/insert any race you would like here who might take offense, who would leave him in the gutter for his trouble.  Typical.
Don't know whether to like the video due to Jim's stance on Tmartn and ProSyndicate or dislike the video due to Jim's stance on Pewdiepie. Decisions, decisions...
Looks like butthurt fanboys didn't like this video much...
Not sure of the point of the video. The overlap of people who are supporting these CS-lotto guys and also watch Jimquisition is probably about zero.
Not going to lie, the first part of the episode was not one of your strongest. The second half was good tho
Damn, the sarcasm is over 9000
Is it just me or are a lot of You tuber's influenced by the con man that used to knock on your door and attempt to sell you something dodgy?
How the wet FUCK does Jim not have at least a million subs???
Oh god, Pewdiepie is the Trump of Youtube.
I had no idea that so much sarcasm could be piled into 15 minutes.
what is his intro song?
Pewdiepie just keeps proving that it's hard to be king.
we don't have the technology. we can't rebult him better and ostrich'er then before
I love iDubbbz.  He says ni**er fa**ot ALL the time and I don't even flinch because I know it's not coming from a place of hate.  He is as transparent as you get and never holds back.   Many Youtubers are NOT transparent and they claim to love and respect every living thing that ever lived ever.  So, if one of them lets a word like n*gger slip out, it gets people thinking about how that person reeeaaallly feels about the things and people around them.  Maybe they aren't being as honest with you as you think.  When something like that happens, you don't actually KNOW where it came from (hate or passion) and that's what makes people uncomfortable.\n\nI wish more people understood this.  It's not the word.  It's the users attitude.  It would break my heart if someone like the Nostalgia Critic was caught on cam using the N word because he always makes it a point to show that he cares about the feelings of others.  iDubbbz never has.  But he's also not hateful.  I don't disagree with Jim about PewDiePie but probably for different reasons.  Jim would probably never be okay with that word being uttered around him.  \n\nAlso the fact that those CS:GO guys got away with that shit it fucked up.
They should have been found guilty they knew what they were doing. It was a cash grab, they're still cunts.
Invite Destiny 2 plz
LOL the amount of dislikes
Jim, your YouTube commenters scare me ;;
Fuck off you fat prude.
the dislikes are seriously depressing
I disagree.
Way to be a fucking hypocrite huh?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSNW06obp-E
Jim, stop being so hypocritical and talk about video games please.
I feel like this level of sarcasm will still go over the heads of the 'average' American of states person
Pewdiepie is a liablity\n\nJim Pewds is bigger than 90% of gaming channels on youtube combined face it hes is the fucking face of youtube for a reason. If he goes down so does a significant part of youtubr
It's almost like the English language isn't a living language. Meaning the intended meaning of a word isn't the literal definition. It's like gay being turned from happy man to liking other men. Words evolve and I bet for the vast majority of people the N word holds no racial value.
PewDiePie is an adult, and Youtube isn't grade school. Bad words exist. People say them, in all manner of context. Get over it.\nFACT: The only power words have is the power people let give them, especially over themselves.\nAn honest, well adjusted adult is able to recognize this unerring truth, and act accordingly.\n\nThe overwhelming number of those responding to PewDiePie in social media? They aren't acting like honest, well adjusted adults, but the usual moral authoritarian busybodies making much hooplah about shit they could just as easily ignore.\n\nOf course, if you're in the business of peddling outrage culture for clicks/ad-hits, or for some reason fear and respect those pushing such obvious idiocy, then I can see why you'd feel the need to virtue signal.
I hate the SJW movement. I swear a lot, drink, and am generally very relaxed with the use of words others might consider taboo because Im not easily offended. I like pewdiepie. I liked watching his content and have loved his new pubg streams, because Im a fan of shooters. But Im not making excuses. Some people may crusade that the nword is a taboo and all taboos must be erased, but the truth is just because a few people can be okay with something doesnt give you the go ahead to drop words without thinking in front of a crowd. Sometimes you can hurt others, and people are going to lash back in that scenario. People who want to do the right thing are given gas to the flame when you act this way. And I think its a shame he did it. I think its a shame that Im not surprised.
*Heya JIM OLD BOY!* -- Leonard French already has an explanation up on his channel about why Youtube isn't acting like a broadcaster. -->  It can't use human  beings to curate content without risking the loss of the DMCA safe harbour provisions.  As soon as you have an editor in chief, you're not in safe harbour.\n\nThat's exactly what happened to MySpace not so long ago.
13 year olds and 30 year olds scream the N-word on Xbox live when getting creamed, get this.... *ALL THE TIME!*
I hate white people to, jim
Jim, I think you need to be clear on whether you believe the Firewatch dev is abusing DMCA or not. It's starting to look like your contempt for PewDiePie is holding precedent over something that is a potentially larger issue. If they were to get away with it, what's stopping other devs from copyright striking other let's players that they dislike for completely unrelated reasons to the actual let's play?\n\nThe firewatch devs gave streamers permission to make videos of their games and the dev even admitted that PewDiePie's videos likely helped make him money.
Sorry Jim, you had me till 8:30, then you ripped on a guy using a word. One word? Those other fools IMO are guilty of crimes sure but Pewdiepie? We have all said worse. Anyway keep up the good work mate.
This is probably the worst episode of JQ ever. Lets hope the show does not keep degrading in quality
Wow. Just get a heart attack aleady, tub of lard.
Yep lets just throw Pewdiepie under the bus for being *purposefully* taken out of context by a group of so-called journalists, and again for using a word which is actually *too* common in many highly-competitive multiplayer games. Obviously he's the one who didn't do his journalistic research on actually understanding the context of events, and obviously he was the one to turn competitive multiplayer games into an insult acid bath. Oh wait no, he just said a word he shouldn't have, apologized for it, and then was falsely struck with a copyright strike by a begrudged developer of a boring walking simulator game he played over 2 years ago.\n\nAlso the adpocalypse was not Pewd's fault, it was the fault of YouTube overreacting to news coverage of a Coke Cola advertisment being on a terrorist propaganda video. YouTube now has an AI which uses algorithms to automatically demonetize videos based on their titles, and to a *shadier* extent, the content creator.\n\nIf you seriously think YouTube hasn't been actively gutting itself over the past 2 years you are rather oblivious.
https://i2.wp.com/theralphretort.com/wp-content/uploads/JIM1.jpg\n\nhttps://i1.wp.com/theralphretort.com/wp-content/uploads/jimmmmmmm.jpg\n\nJust to remind Jim Sterling he too is one of these boys.
PewdiePie has nothing to do with Tmartin and the other twat. Yes it's absurd those two got away with their little gambling scheme. But PewdiePie saying some racial slur and being blamed for the collapse of youtube in whatever form is frankly absurd. It's his responsibility to represent himself, not everyone else who might some day hope to make some money off youtube. And Jim you are being a hypocrite here. You go around making episodes where you pretend to have sex with some plastic chips or whatever, swing around some giant purple dildo, tape cereal to your face and do god knows what, to name a few. You're not exactly mainstream family-friendly advertising material, either. You may think that's not nearly as bad as saying the oh-so-naughty n-word, but frankly that's subjective and irrelevant. Only reason you are not in the same crosshairs is because, yes, you don't have the same audience size as someone like PewdiePie, or simply because some MSM outlet hasn't found you and decided to make you its focus on the depravities of the internet or whatever other bullshit.
tl;dr: DMCA is okay when it isn't my videos.
Here's an idea Jim...\nCalm down...?\nYour taking everything YouTube has to offer a little to close to the heart.
Pewdiepie isnt the singular or even the starting factor of the adpocolyps \n\nIt began with (remembering of the top of my head) huffpo and some other old media news outlet writing various articles on YouTube, actual NeoNazis and the fact that some truly disturbing videos were getting adverts on them. \nThis is what began it then the fuel added to the fire was extreme left nutters whom never heard the phrase stick n stones growing up and thus feel anything that offends their sensibilities should be removed from existence rather than ignoring.
There is actual harm caused by people encouraging children to gamble and scamming.\nSaying a naughty word harms no one. Maybe it will give advertisers another excuse to extort things from google, but it's going to be an excuse, not a reason.
Pewdiepie deserves the tikki torches but Kanye will get an emmy for using the same word. How do you justify the double standard, is it racism of low expectations where black people are given license to freak out disproportionately to the use of a single word? If it's so offensive, are you or anyone else, going to boycott the hundreds of music artists who use the word constantly, because we are all in the same garden afterall, right?\n\nYou think pewdiepie is responsible for the ad-poclaypse? He was just the catalyst to shift youtube into a television model because that's all corporations know, you even acknowledge they are act like a network. You think you are family friendly enough to stay the axe? Better invest in a bleep machine\n\nYou have this outlandish personality, but then act like a moral busybody christian crusader as soon as your feathers get ruffled
So we can just pick and choose who can and can't use racial slurs now. Idubbbz can say it all the time and even h3 has said it from time to time but everyone was okay with it because we knew it wasn't them trying to be racist. But when pewdiepie lets it slip out and apoligizes for it, he is guilty and is a racist?
Humans are really weird. Worship men who are greedy and narcissistic! Losers sub to these plp!
Go Pewds! Fuck the haters!
Fucking niggers.
Holy shit...what's with the downvotes? Pewds fans?
imagine taking the f word literally every time someone said it
I haven't looked in the comments, but I already know that it's gonna be just full of guys defending some dude they don't know, and acting like sucking a stranger's dick for no reason is the ~ *edgy and hardcore* ~ thing to do. ;3
Jim confirmed to not be in support of true free speech
Political tension is at an all time high\n\nRacial tension is at an all time high\n\nSecurity tension is at an all time high\n\nI scleep.\n\nPewdiepie said NIGGA!\n\nREAL SHIT!?
Pdp is a saint compared to the csgo lotto fuckers
Fuck you Political Correctness warrior Sterling. You shake a pink dildo around, Closet Fag ! Pewds will avoid any legal action, he has not broken any copyright. Why aren't you shitting on black rappers for saying N. Pewdiepie didn't abuse a black person, no racism !
I can't agree with your view on PewDiePie's situation.  No, I'm no fan of his.  He's a complete and utter idiot and I'd hate him if I actually gave a crap about him, but the thing is this is merely a symptom of a larger problem in the US (and other english speaking countries, I suppose): the complete lack of understanding of what racism is.\n\nNo, shouting a racial slur when it's not directed to a person of the affected race with the intention of harming is _not racist_.  It's no different from shouting fuck you to someone when you're not actually going to have sex with that person.  That's not what racism consists of.  A person can perfectly be very obviously racist without ever uttering a racial slur and no one will care because people insist on blaming the wrong thing and being afraid of a word like fucking witch hunters.\n\nThis is why I like iDubbbz.  He understands this shit and he's not afraid of words.
The lotto scam, how are these people not in jail?\n\nAs for PDP, he said something dumb.  But I also don't want to live in a world where saying a word or talking about ideas (even awful ones) is grounds for job loss and life ruination.  Granted, he'll be fine, he's loaded, but in general I mean.  Wrongthink is a terrifying concept.  Think you're wrong on this one Jim.
Türkiye trendinde sonunda düzgün bişey aq
Amına koyim Minelli çok güzel şarkı yapıyorsun.
T\nÜ\nR\nK\nİ\nY\nE
TÜRKSEN BEĞEN SAYIMIZI BİLELİM
Mk bu 1-2 aydır ne  değişik şeyler trend e girdi   daha yabancılarda tutulmamiş şarkı 100 bin de bizde trend e nası giriyor mk ne yasiyonuz lan siz 😲
Kıyamet alameti gibi adeta, Trend'e giren bir şeyi ilk kez beğendim. Greetings from Turkey ❤
what a nice song! xo
Check our new EDM video --> *RMA - TAKE ME AWAY (Official Music Video)*
Tam Lc waikiki de çalınmalık şarkı
Youtube Number one live music & live chat 👈
BU ŞARKI BAŞARILI ,YAZIN BAŞINDA ÇIKMALIYDI
TURKEYY
Trendlerde görmek güzel de zayni görmek üzdü...
T    Ü    R    K    İ    Y    E \n\n🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
Love from Turkey nice song
T Ü R K L E N D İ N İ Z <3
I'm in love with your voice <3
Baştaki su sesi ALEYNA TİLKİ ÖZENTİSİ
Filthy Frank girl version in forest :D
neden türkiye trendine girdi şimdi bu? wut?
OO türkler burda bana bi anlatın bunu neden trend yaptınız gencler neden bu :D
Olm harbi güzel şarkı lan
I can't stop listening to this song :(
https://youtu.be/SQzUf_DKT0o - MİX 2018 DAMGA VURACAK (Mutlaka Dinleyin)
So cute
Berbat aq
güzelmiş aslında
türkiye trdendlerinde olmasnını sebebi neydiki aq
wunderschön
Demekki trende clickbait videolar dışında kaliteli içerikler girebiliyormuş👍
Su romanli kadinlar en cok turkiyede tutuyor yha
Greetings from Poland ! :)
Türkler bi +1sayımızı bilelim
beware of the church of scientology, it is an evil cult who want to ruin your life and steal your money, your life is at risk if you involve yourself with this organisation\nwatch this film for the truth about scientology\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6oYaMtJln0&t=73s
Salam alaikum xD! Wonderful song. Greetings from GER/PL
Mithrainden gelenler
🇹🇷 this is
Kapağı Jennifer Lopeze benzeten bir ben miyim?
WAY WAY WAY NELER GORUORUM TRENDLERDE ADAM AKILLI BISIYMI YOKSA
TÜRKLER NERDE LEN MQ
Greetings from Turkey! 🇹🇷🙋👍
Trende girmeden öncede buradaydık
kaliteli saund
hergün ufoda kankilerimle açıp kopuyoruz ohaoadhsasaghagdaxd
migrosta çalar
You're The Best! Minelli!
უსაყვარლესი მუსიკაა
Müthiş len ama tr trendinde ne işi var
Selam turkiye begeninde  bise yazdim sansinlar 😂
Thumbnaili Danla Bilic sandım aq 😂😂😂😂
Ne zamann çıkmış la bu şarkı
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeFrTk6PF14&t=23s
Get out turkish trends
ses hızını kontrol ettim usulca ;)
Naic
Tam çakma kotçu müziği.
Vantilatöre söyleyerekmi seslendirdin ablacım şarkıyı..
2 ay sonra waikiki mağazalarında...
Nice
Önlerden REZ
Türkler arkanda reyiz sen aleyna gibi degilsin
Rez
Buralar değerlenir bak gör
Berkcan güven gibi haydi türkiye \nTÜRKİYE TÜRKİYE OH OHH TÜRKİYE
Mithrain'den <3
Türkiye trendlerinde ilerliyor. Burda olanlar +1
yAW ENeS ABi'DeN NerELeRE GeLdM yAwW
Kardeş biz Mito'dan geliyoz ayık:)))
Harika verin veriştirin linkini.
mitodan gelenler
Önlerden rez alayım
SELAM ARKADAŞA BAKIP ÇIKICAM
Buralar değerlenir ben yerimi alayım.
Türkiye burdamı
awsome
Neden trend de bu mı nerede basma yemleri.
Hayret mk youtubeda ben prenses kadin falan gormeyi hayal ediyordum gercekten ciddi bir ilerleme var
Yea boiiiiii
Herkesin aklında aynı soru: Bu şarkı neden TR trendlerine girdi?
Love from Poland ❤
Göksele benzeten bir ben miyim 😂😂😂🤣❤️
Evet , tilt olan Mithrainden geldim * MITO POWAA*
Very Good !!!
Ya böyle kaliteli bi iş nasıl Türkiye trendine girer len amq istemiyoruz böyle birşey trend de enes batur çatur çutura tepki videosuyla dolmalı trendimiz böyle kaliteli bi iş kabul edilemezzz
Buralar değerlenecek... ŞARKI TUTAR....IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIıııı[ıı]ıııııııı
Bi' an hızı 1.5 mu diye kontrol ettim
Bi an hızı 1.5 aldım sandım aq
72 binde buradaydık hacı, 3 güne 510 bin olmuş.... Alper Nedim'e selam olsun :D
Abi bu ne güzel bişey
intihar etmeden önce dinlenebilecek şarkı, tabi baska güzel şarkılar da var secilebilecek
Tam DeFacto veya LCWaikiki müziği gibi
burası da türk olmuş her yerdeyiz
yine bir H&M müziği
Aha yine benim halkım burda 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
Trendlerde doğru düzgün bir video görmeyeli bayağı oluyor
o kadar güzel ki eridim
Aslında gerçek adı mine gizli ajan
Me encantó 😍😍🤗 UNA MEXICANA AQUÍ!! alguien más?? 🇲🇽🌯
There is not one second without autotune :) But yeah, enjoy it because it's cool.
Wathcing: Turks watch 20% lol  Darin sinop and Max curbow fuck you boots you bot fuck them all cheat bots.
Thank you Draven... you make Chester proud 👍👍
Bless you Draven. Chester would be proud of you.
Bless your soul
Your dad is proud of you.
you look just like him
Atta boy.  LP community is with you Draven.
God bless Draven!!! Much love!!
Looks so much like his father. Well done for doing this Draven.
Kids going through some tough shit and he is thinking of others. Respect man
Well Said Dra...keep strong your an inspiration to others ♥
Draven, you're such an amazing and beautiful human being! your dad is so proud
You're in your own league Draven.\nGod bless you.\n\n\n\n\nWelcome to the League of Draven
The moment this kid opened his mouth it was like I hear Chester talking...stay strong...Chaz lives on
I love your dad.
I'm spanish, can do you write what he did say? please!
He looks and sounds just like his dad
Draven looks so much like his dad Chester ❤️ wow!
Great job young man! We encourage everyone to learn what questions to ask, and how to respond to those questions. It's the best be to help others in need! www.SuicidePreventionApp.com is a free public tool with everything you need and more to help others in need! Don't wait until it's too late!
Thank you, sir!
Thanks
WATCH INTERVIEW ONLINE TOMORROW FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 15th HERE AT 5:30pm PACIFIC TIME :  http://www.cbslocal2.com/livestream.... For Samantha Bennington and Draven Bennington Exclusive. Family of the Late Chester Bennington from Linkin Park
good to see this. Stay positive man
all i see is that chester's nose
Amazing message man. Stay strong 👊🏻
holy shit, twin
♥
god bless you Draven
I did the video about depression on my channel if you want to check it out
Chester is an hero, he didnt deserve to die from auto-erotic asphyxiation
Anyone else sick of hearing about this guy? We get it he died, it was his own choice, life goes on.
this song as beautiful as GFRIEND 💕💕 deserves more loves
If streaming doesn't work, sharing will do the work better -.-
1% only need to become #1 Fighting buddies!. Let's get them a 1st win mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/vote
once is here to support twicefriend !!
I like this song so much, it's wonderful!
Please vote gfriend on Mcountdown buddies 😊 \nGfriend rank #2
Summer rain is 💓
please stream harder buddy
Who's still streaming?
This song sad but it best i like it.. I love GFriend so much..
Where are you buddies???  Please keep streaming 🙁
C'mon buddy let's goo n hit 5M \n*P.s* : ( *army to an army* ) : army's please let's help gfriend and buddies to make it at least 5M . As a banchin I want you guys to help. for me they r like a sister group of BTS so please support each other \n( I know we also have to stream their FMV but when u have time of corse if u don't want to then I can't do anything but please those who would like to help help please ) thank you 😊
This song doesn't need English Lyrics That Repeats Many Times to be catchy. Their voice, the beat and melody itself is simply beautiful. 😍
Buddies we are slowly steadily increasing I am happy\nBuddies fighting
I LIKE SONG !!! GFRIEND I LOVE YOU
army is here to support gfriend forever
The melody so good . Gfriend always have a good song .. 💕
This song very very miracle.I like this song!GFRIEND FIGHTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really love Umji's part for this comeback. Maybe because we've never really heard this voice of her and I personally feel like her voice suits this kind of song so much! 💖 And also I love the lyrics for Summer Rain 💖 It's very metaphoric but you can easily understand it 💖 Gfriend fighting!
Make it 10M view🔥🔥Keep streaming it BUDDY💪🏼💪🏼
Steaming when doing homework!!!
Voten por Gfriend en Mcountdown, por favor..\n\nhttp://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/preVote
Still here.........(xams 2mmrrow)....but I cant move.....BUDDY forever...!!
Bop
http://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/vote for gfriend buddy please
4.2M NEXTT
streaming..streaming..
❤GFRIEND
I love gfriend
Vote for Gfriend http://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/vote#
4M .. go go  streaming mereka cmn 2 minggu promonya..
still here 💘💘💘☔☔☔
back lets go streaming
Good😁
this is the purest thing u will ever see
Come on dance is even better, like (mv rough)
Who's still with me?? 😓
여자친구 꽃길만 걸어요♥
▫💛💛💛💛💛▫\n▫▫▫💛▫▫▫\n▫▫▫💛▫▫▫\n▫▫▫💛▫▫▫\n▫💛💛💛💛💛▫\n▫▫▫▫▫▫▫\n▫💗💗▫💗💗▫\n💗💗💗💗💗💗💗\n💗💗💗💗💗💗💗\n▫💗💗💗💗💗▫\n▫▫💗💗💗▫▫\n▫▫▫💗▫▫▫\n💙💙▫▫▫💙💙\n💙💙▫▫▫💙💙\n💙💙▫▫▫💙💙\n💙💙▫▫▫💙💙\n💙💙▫▫▫💙💙\n▫💙💙💙💙💙▫
Keren keren
Piano~
버디들 손!
엄지파트좀 늘려주셨으면 ㅠ.ㅠ
Baket lagi nalang sa mga line na napupunta kay Yuju ako na-e-LSS 😫😂💓
Que buen video 😍❤️❤️❤️😍
중독성이 없다
버디 분들손!!!
歌詞がすごくいい
엄지 음색 왤케 좋지...💕
4M
이번 신곡 춤 은 좀 쉬운듯!하네요... \nl LOVE 여자친구♥
소원언니 파트 넘 없는거 아네요?ㅠㅜㅠㅠ
여자친구 사랑해ㅜ😍 여름비 흥하자~!!! 💕소원유주엄지신비예린은하💕 젭알 다치지 마요 언니들ㅜㅜ
여자친구뮤비는 다 예뻐서 죠음  ㅜㅜ  배경도예쁘구  ㅜㅜ  음악도  다아름다움   ㅜㅜ
이번 노래 진짜 너무좋다♥ 여친이 이 세상 아이돌/연예인중 제일 좋아요ㅠㅠ\n여자친구 따라잡을 아이돌은 없뜨아ㅠ(개인생각이에요!:))
9월9일 여자친구 교통사고 소식이 전해지면서 여자친구 팬 들이 많이 걱정을 했습니다 너무 많이 대뷔를 시키내요.
나만 귀를 귀울이면과 노래느낌이 비슷한가
한 달전에 귀를 기울이면 냈는데요...? 여자친구 왜  그렇게 굴려요 ㅠㅠ
tại sao lại có thể tăng view ít đến vậy
Why gfriend all of m/v is sad scence then..there outfit are the same and there dance looks like ballet acting
Guys, please vote for gfriend <3\nhttp://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/preVote\ncurrently, they are in second place.
Let us try hit 10M or more before their goodbye stage... 10 days from now...
Gfriend
my beautiful babies! <3
very good
crying af, they're so talented 😭😭
노래 너무 좋다~~
Their voices are so soothing! 😌😌😌
KEEP STREAMING BUDDY! FIGHTING! 💪👍😍
eunha really defines fairy
http://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/preVote
anime openings be likeee
Where is rainbow mv
gfriend plss come Malaysia..
4.115.013
3:46 - yuju😍
Datang lagi 🙋🙋
❤️❤️❤️
한국인 찾아요!!
RRRRRRAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNBOWWWWWWWWWWW
Nice song
FGriend 👍💕💕💕
여자친구 is love
GFRIEND is awesome
i love it😍😍
인생곡각이다♡
Sone and gfriend buddy
I became a fan bcuz of Navillera.\nWhich song did u became a fan of GFriend or what make u become a buddy?
VOTE FOR GFRIEND! About 2 percent more to become no1!!! http://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/vote#
여자친구 사랑해요!계속 응원중이에요^^♡여자친구 짱!너무 언니들 다 이뻐여♡♡제가 젤 좋아하는 팬은 예린언니에요!다른 언니들도 좋구요!소원언니!예린언니!은하언니!신비언니!유주언니!엄지언니!다 응원할께요!계속 해주세요♡♡사랑해요~^^
김용철프로맨채널.tv.텔레비젼탄생 2주년이벤트홍보전. 캠페인 영상미디어링네트워크 전지구촌 서클멤버스클럽 회원  모두 와 전세계 시청자님전체와. 공유서비스공동체 구성원구축연합회 김용철프로맨.체널tv.방송으로  공유   용철.kim.tv.방송  운영자   프로그램송출진행자.. 김용철프로맨. 글드림..2017./ 9./ 17일 오후 1시 41분   대한민국에서   김용철프로맨.채널tv.방송  진행자..용철.KIM.. 올림..?.!.
저....절대 노래가 좋아서 좋아요누른거 아녜요!!!
A VER AMIXES ESTA OBRA DE ARTE MERECE MAS VIEWS DE LAS QUE TIENE, POR FAVOR NO DEJEN QUE  SEA OLVIDADA ♥
Am I the only one streaming LW & SR at the same time? 😂
ok but why does it legit sound like yuju and eunha sing like the whole song
Please vote gfriend
this video and music reminds me , when the first time i knew that my parents never love me because i'm not their son. It was rainy days when i ran out from home, feeling despair, waiting the angel down to the earth. It was so cold, when suddenly a girl with a bright shiny pair of moonlight eyes. A heartwarming smile that warming my body. It was the first time that i feel i could see the world clearly.
i want gfriend to try new concept
여자친구 짱 이쁨~~ 역시여친
The songs are always the same! I could not bear to hear the whole album
WiLodia 💕
Nice Video WILL DAILY VLOGS DUDE
Tsong 😋I'm your new fan .I just recently search your VLOG and what can i say ... it literally take over my life ...i've been watching your videos day & night . \nQuestion: Are you and Alodia really together ?
I love the way he cut and censored it 😂
i am in love with your family and their support. God bless you. prayers sent bud
Family of the year !!! PS marry that girl Wil
Your family is so cool! 💕 cutecute.. Best wishes
Omy!! You and Alodia really looks good together! ❤️❤️❤️
Shookening
Hilarious 😂. Thanks for making me laugh...
okay... the caption worked! 1M views and counting...
oh my god @ 5:14 wil's tryna calm alodia heheheh *heart eyes emoji* ng malupit wil my wilodia hearttt
I'm shook !
Bembangin mo na si A
liked, subscribed, and commented - from Saudi Arabia (#ParaSaVlog, #wilodia)
Congrats!
cute ng tawa ni Alodia 😂
Im confused wait huh what? 🤔
Awkward na nakakatawa nu ba yan. 😂😂😂
Wilodia! 😍
💑
Clickbait?
silent ninja viewer here.this is my first comment.
I'm back for Wilodia, keep going.....
i know its so impossible but i'll try.. WILL!!! NOTICE ME PLEASE!!! 6 DAYS AGO BEFORE BY BIRTHDAY!!!NOTICE ME PLEASE
You well deserve a lady like Alodia c,)
Has cancer.... Wants magazines and stuff
I hope Ilodia is the right person for Wil
Landi nyo!
Congratulations - hope you get twins 👶👶
Dasavage!
#PAAWER! :)
yow wil we miss you. .i know and i understand your situation right now. .i know you can do it be strong men. .i'll be waiting for your next video here in youtube #wilodia . .btw thank you for inspiring me to start my own vlog you've been an inspiration to many and we witness that. .God bless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbC3_dHbY_0 (Watch this Click Bait hahaha)\nREPLY
What was haley drinking??
RIP replay button
Colonoscopy is 😣😣😣
did the doctor called Alodia to come in the room?
What happened to haley?
Dude just do medicinal marijuana.
clickbait😂🔫clickbait really?😂shukt!😂👆🏻👆🏻powerr tsong powerr!😂
Next time go for #senorsisig!
King of Clickbaits🙈👑😁
#22 ON TRENDING SAY WHUT?! WHERE SHOOKT!
Are you in relationship with Alodia?🤗
Will, help other couples get babies. You may download 'Just a Baby' app for iOS and Android and meet the people who want to be parents.
I will subscribe back everyone wo subscribes too me! Comment when done
Need extra income ? View the link and then register. \nhttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=71929
Hahahaha One of your funniest vlogs ever
haggardo versoza 😄
Panonoorin ko to hanggang 2018 😅☝
Kill leauge parin ako -uncle dave
True ba toh kuya wil? Umaygad!!!😍 #wilodia😳😘
Haha! You're funny Wil!
Congratulation Bro\nNice video
Parekoy, almost a week na ah! Upload kana new vlog.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10210369673300836&id=1312747002
#wilodia
1 million views yebba!
Omyghad! Happy for u kuya Will!💕 Keep Fightin'
Congratulations!
Lannisters and valyrian steel😂😂
Shookt na shookt na shookt! Haha!
I never watched a vlog and a more than 10 min video and I Completely watched this thing straight without checking the time. Holy sh*t I never knew it was even 15 mins I thought it was like 7 mins
I was shukt by this vlog
Hey Wil! I subscribed to you when you were ~670,000 subs. How I wish I had seen your vlogs back then. I don't watch TFC as much as my wife, but I have the abs-cbn news app on my phone - and that's how I stumbled upon an article about you and your battle with 'C'. I just want to thank you for being a positive influence not only for me, but my whole family. I'm now determined to get my masters done and I'm always playing motivational videos (the one where you, Daniel and Jacko were in Guam and you guys had telepathic wave lengths going) for my boys to continue making sacrifices for what they want. I can relate to you my brother - my US Navy Dad retired and thrust me into a school in Manila - and I didn't know a lick of Tagalog. (I went to school the same school where Alodia graduated college from). I thank my parents every day for their decision to retire in the Phil. I LOVE the Philippines! God Bless Wil - we are praying the rosary every night and include you in our prayers!! You will overcome this!
i had another suggestion in mind but its kinda...you know since ...
it's frozen..?  we could probably expect some Elsa in the future?  Elsa Dasovich.   :)\n\ni'm just kidding. i hope i didn't offend you.\ni hope you get stronger everyday.
Pudra is the best!!! 😂😂
i feel so kilig 😍😍😍 wilodia is just so sweet..
Poweer speermmm ahahaha yezerrrs
stop at 6:02
omg
Haley sounds cute when she speaks tagalog :)
Omg Congrats Wil!
POWER!!!👆👆
this is how lil tsongga would look like.... awwwww cute 😍\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuDMTruuCjA&feature=share\n\n-saw the vid from ashley's page.. ptp ✌🏻
'I can't focus on my blogging , i'm blogging , your blogging hahaha coolest siblings alive 😁😂
Grow a beard bro! Think it's gonna be good on you!
https://www.facebook.com/disclosetv/videos/10155695323915628/\nWill, watch this link and go to Australia to try.
It's killing me..grabeeeee kilig factor to the mass..ayieeee
i love your closeness to your family especially with your sister. and I hope your love with Alodia will last forever.\n#AvidFanHere
https://youtu.be/sHs0fbQRCzQ Please view for school purpose. Sorry for interrupting. Have a nice day, thank you!
When your fam watches game of thrones. 😍🔥🔥
Yo bro :) just found your channel today and it all began when I saw one of your video and I enjoyed it then I ended up watching your videos from morning till night ;)\nkeep vlogging bro\nyour vlogs are good :)
Such a happy family, bless them🙏🤗
Did Haley just said his girlfriend is very supportive something at the back of the car??
Title of the song wil @ 7:16
Loving Hut is a Vegan restaurant. Really delicious y'all should go there. There's one by Westfield or at Irving.
#Dasupreme
1m got click baited.
Wilodia or Alodiwil?
https://youtu.be/8pT_iAeftfA for you wil....(Wil Have Cancer  What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ....Nooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Actually I first thought that wil and haley are twins.😂
Whatta champ for vlogging all of that. 🤣🙌
The first part was so awkward man. I almost want to skip or just close the video. I was laughing hard during those scenes. LOL
Idol ko talaga si Haley!
yu said yu got cancer, now yu said yu going to be father, is this hw yu want to get populer. people will get sick of this kind behavier.
Your dad is so Awesome!!!!!!
Hey will. I told you that I would make a channel after you watching your first video about your cancer.  I will keep following my passion and maybe one day you will use my music in your video.  I just wana say thanks for inspiring me.  \n\nSincerely,\nCarlo Escober
This is one of my favorite 'popular' individuals I know. There's nothing more original, than being truly yourself.
My respect for Jim had been growing over the last few years but it has just gone up so much more since he lost it. Of course he hasn't lost anything. He has gained an awakening. Would that more people could experience this type of awakening.
Oh man. He speaking the truth. He is connecting with his higher being. Connect with the light.. where all we came from and where we all are going !!
Super funny. Empty. Honest. Nirvana. Just relax. Its an invitation to be yourself. Breathe out. Stop fronting. Ahhhhhh. Thank god.
Carey please don't ever gooo. I love you and how you spark peoples mind. There's NOTHING wrong this guy, he's simply human
I think it's safe to say that Jim has been Terrence Mckenna'd
I have almost if not nearly think the same as Jim. People who aren't spiritually awakened will look at Jim and call him crazy but really he's speaking through his soul outside of the physical being. How it should be. Trying to find out true authentic purpose in this life.
Depression Only Happens When You Don't Accept What Is. !!!!🖒🖒🖒 Absolutely True, Thank You Jim.
Did he just say he plays Jim Carey? Yall need to release him from his programming, this is just cruel.
Confused: what's weird here? He entertains, and does it intelligently.
He doesn't get weird at all.... he is simply growing
IT WAS ALL A FUCKIN STUNT
He's awake and trying to adjust to living amongst people who are sleeping walking.
He's a living \nlegend
Sorry I'm back, I just went on a 4 hour Andy Kaufman youtube binge.
People are saying he's losing it, but it seems like he's always been an odd guy. Just look at his early movies/interviews. His comedy was always goofy but had this existential tinge to it. Like, a caricature of human behavior. Almost mocking reality. I think he's brilliant, and a really bright guy, and he's probably had these weird thoughts his entire life. It contributes to his genius.
Jim Carrey please don't die soon.
Who else thinks some 'rape scandal' or some overdose will be related to jim?
i want to be a voyeur on this one.\n\nLIAR!
Really attacking him, aren't you, you perverted shills. He doesn't like you.  There's nothing you can say. He's right not to like you.
What an artist. I appreciate when someone realizes the character they are playing.. great energy.
lol jim carrey gave a lady herpes like a boss and she killed herself! lol he's so enlightened!
I love how Jim challenges the cameraman to focus on two fields of view at the same time... and how he becomes the heckler from afar in an instant... how does he do it? I mena, make us know what he's doing regardless as to how unconventional it is?
he's woke up.probably seen what happened with Robin Williams and realised he needed to change.no longer be the preforming monkey.or the clown that makes others laugh and happy and not himself.the time lines even match up
Robin Williams...Jim Carrey...they're proof that sometimes, the spotlight isn't always what's good for people. Nothing feels more liberating than just being you.
Unfortunately Jim, as a depressive, depression is what usually happens precisely when you ACCEPT what its and not the other way around.
He's never lost it. He's the same Jim Carrey he has always been. Creative, artistic, and fun!
If you think Jim Carrey is weird, you've a very limited, unenlightened mind.
Still one of my favourite human beings ever lol
I love jim always will ......Hes not and never will be weird
Jim carrey is so frickng awesome!! We are all God's children and once we get past all the crap so called smart people make up. Then we will be able to give credit where its due. To the creator of everything God! We love you Jim!
Hollywood destroying Jim Carrey because he outed the Illuminati. Not nice to see.
Weird wtf!! He's being serious for once ! Misleading and bullshit title!
his leather?
jim is my favorite infector
Jim WOW....
Such an inspiration
Looney and his goons 😱
Ho Ho Ho how keen...
Oh man..I gotta see this!
Ego death
You're everything around you but infinite reflections of all that is iz you.
he is right, watch clooney next time he does seem to have lots of Goon transmafia around him..
He has been influenced by Ram Dass I can feel it mabye a bit of Alan Watts as well
Clooney and his goons coming in here?
Jim Carrey gets REAL.
hes always been out there but hes great
He didn't get weird at all. He's being himself, that's why we all love him.
Why is their so some people who hate this man so much thinking that he killed his wife? Obviously that's ridiculous.
he's not getting weird he's just woke up
'it's all just lies, it's nothing but a sham' - perfect description of Hollywood and the American media.
Jim Carrey was extremely successful and is most probably extremely rich, so much so that he can do whatever he wants with the rest of his life. \nAnd surely there's going to be a lot of people experiencing jealousy, including yours truly.
lol everyone saying he's crazy / depressed / nutty ...one day ...or maybe in another lifetime - you will come to realize that you are not who you think you are. Stay woke Jim ..shout out to everyone who knows what I'm talking about. For the rest of you - pls don't judge. It's one of the worst qualities you can have. God bless n stay selfless ✌🏽
Make john diligent the detective with the power to walk through walls
Its safe to say that jim has evolved into a wiser and more loving man
Why is no one actually communicating with him? Just treating everything he does as a joke? Haha, funny. Jim Carrey funny. It's worrisome that he can't access who he is, no? Why doesn't someone ask him that?
Makes me proud to be Canadian
Nomore beard..nice interview by the way by Jim like always
Bravo JC...keep shit stirring these banal media wankers, get as weird as you want buddy, you've earned it and own it.
I love Jim!! Bucket list item is too sit and talk to him for a few hours.
Where do I watch????
Whatever Jim's beliefs in philosophy, religion, and metaphysics are, I just wish he continues to do more movies. I'd love to see Jim do more comedies, but he's an exceptional actor who can do drama as well. I just want more Jim- period!
he's right on it. carrey is very clever!
Jim Carey RULES..
So what Jim Carry is saying is that the end is only the beginning of a comedian. TahDah!
I love how he yells Liar!
i just hope je won't go in the dark path robin williams went to...
You would go back to normal soon enough.
The title of this video should be:  Jim Carrey Gets Real:
I deeply respect Jim Carrey.
anyone understand what his 'guywithaboxforaface' channel means? what's the message he's trying to put out with it???
Jim and Andy have made contact.  Thank you to both.
I love how the documentary is also named after the other REM Andy Kaufman song, The Great Beyond.
For real? Is this a movie?
Haha
man eat a cheese burger
He is just tripping out on being used.  Even though he allowed it to happen.
I was kinda worried because of the internet but seeing this I know he is fine.
Truman has gone in his head.
god love Jim!  makes me happy
Shouldve kept the beard man, lookin ill.
god pless you jim
wierd fuck... hollywierd
I love JC
hes not being weird.. hes being him
I will always love Jim Carrey but when your pitching a movie and this happens..  I gotta say he's about one step closer to Scientology. 0_0
Jim Carrey is nutty. Maybe not depressed, but crazy.
Why is it so easy to pick out gay men in comparison to straight men?  The way they talk shouldn't really be affected should it?  \nIf you realised you had been sexually attracted to sheep your whole life would you change how you dress and talk because of it?  Just seems like a cry for attention.
depression can be being homeless or being a victim of abuse or violence, living in war torn syria seeing your family killed: jim, you are not the world.
adrenal fatigue and exhaustion of vital nerve energy. He needs natural hygienism orthopathism life sciences health systems to regenerate motivation and willpower.
I don't the Jim Carrey is very well.
These comments are hilarious. A bunch of statements about how you are so like Jim,etc. The very fact you are saying that shows you are not at all even close to the headspace you are claiming to be in.. You prove it by feeling like anyone cares about your comment you just made.
There's nothing spiritual about him.....he's on some serious hard drugs and these awkward bizarre interviews lately, shows it.  The truth will come out soon enough
No coincidence this movie comes out when Trump in the White House
Sounds like he's pitching to work with The Wachowskis.
it's just LA people flirting and being fabulous. You could claim Carrey is an MK Ultra Drone going through some type of battery recharge or just a celeb saying goofy stuff to get attention. You choose the bottle. You pick your poison. You drink from the pop culture cup. Repeat.
What a self deprecating prick
Jims looking for the meaning of life. we are gods children.  Jim.we are here to learn Gods teachings.Jim the world is flat and man is a liar.
i guess someone will have to kill him for revealing truth
I can't wait for his trial next year. Finally Carrey will be exposed for the filthy, lying, riddled with STDs scumbag he really is. And try delete this comment like my other one but just like his herpes, I will keep coming back.
Lorraine was the ultimate milf of this show, FUCK she is smoking hot
RIP Frank Vincent. Mafia legend, rest easy up there with Jim Gandolfini
Rest in peace Frank, you were brilliant in all of your roles.
Rest In Peace Frank Vincent!
Rest In Peace Frank
I hope they made him a shinebox. RIP Frank!
Rest in Peace Frank...you're now in the big shinebox in the sky...
Joey's face at 1:13 when Lorraine said I will suck your cock! LOL. Come on Phil. Can we pweeeeese?
RIP Frank Vincent
RIP Frank Vincent!
No more shine boxes....just coffins now....RIP Frankie V!
RIP Frank
RIP Frank Vincent. Legendary.
What a great scene.
I'll suck ya shinebox
Phil Leotardo was comedy gold.
1:13 lmao Phils face.
He should have use a shine box instead of the book
That's most of the shinebox
fuckin scumbag
She comes walking in like she's impending doom and as soon as she's tied up she's offering blow jobs.
How bout this humidity?
Hey guy's please whatever this is shut up and get you'r fucking shine box
She should've offered to get her fucking shinebox i bet Phil would've been pleased
0:55 she's acting like a baby throwing a tantrum, LOL
Suck our cahhhks?
I wouldve let her blow me
Suck our shineboxes?
you'll suck our shinebox?
You can hear the piss hitting the floor at 1:35.
she's got a pile of luscious tatas...
Great tits Honey. Always thought she was a sexy broad.
Next time, bring your shinebox
How about this humidity? *SMACK* - Best Display of 'Like I give a fuck' about smalltalk.
80% women in America deserve this
1:45 Next time, they'll be no Shinebox.
& I wonder if it would really stop @ the R's?
Adios, you fuckin shinecock
I'm guessing he's not gonna have most of it next time after that display.
Blow jobs? You know what you can do? Shine my shoes. Go home and get your shoe shining machine.
This'll muffle the shine box
if I was some big shinebox standing here would you still tell me that's most of it
how about this humidity! too funny
Don't worry. The shine box will muffle the shot.
How bout this humidity?? SMACK!!!👋... priceless,  lol
Ladies and gentlemen, Phil Leotardo!
now go get your fucking shinebox!
Bartender: Hey guys, please, whatever this is...\n\nPhil: Shaddup\n\nBartender: But i have a shinebox\n\nPhil: (intrigued) I'm listening
look at this Joey today's her lucky day it only made it too the shine box
Adios you fucking shinebox!
You'll suck our cocks?! She any good? What am I asking you for? You probably showed her how.
wonder how she's going to walk in and collect in there next time?
You'll suck our shineboxes
vito probably  tried to get off by blowing them, too
I'll do anything! I'll shine your shoes! All of you guys!
is she worl for the Irish mob
Chop, chop, hit a shinebox
ill suck your shinebox
I , I would have taken the blowjob.
Next time, there'll be no 'next time.' \nSuch a badass line.
They called her spitshine Lorraine. She'll make your cocks look like fucking mirrors
those islander tickets right?\n\nhow about this shinebox?
lol I love Phil's entrances
Fucking Break Up My Party!!
What am I asking you for you probably showed her how\n\n@ColoredSpaces
suck our cocks ? that Billy Batts' face, priceless
Ah sweet - they got Heineken on tap!
should of at least took the bj..
1:16 She any good?  Eh what am I asking you for?  You probably showed her how.  Nailed it, Phil.
hey joey, today's her lucky shinebox
this is how u fucking scare somebody lol thick fucking book
lol hahahahahahaha best scene of the whole fucking show. she acts all tough then offers to blow all of them. then phil says what am I asking you for you probably showed her how. lol Hahahaha fucking genius.
Adios you fuckin shinebox
Should of shot her in the fucking mouth
That right there should have been a come to Jesus moment for Lorraine.
lol this was just a perfect scene. every line that comes from Phil is GOLDEN!!!\n\nHow bout this humidity??
How about this shineboxmidity *SLAP*
I love Phil , man of Honor ! he show that bitch where she belong
I'll Suck your Shineboxes
Islander tickets and a BJ?  The 80s are back!
Nice tits
Damn lorraine is nice and thick and you put a phone book in her face shes down to service any dude in the vacinity.
I would have jumped on her offer.
You'll suck our cocks!? \nShe any good?\nWhat am I asking you for you probably showed her how!\nPhil leotardo was bad ass
How realistic is it that the bullet only would've made it through part of that phone book?
Today's her lucky shinebox
Look, it only made to the S's.
How about this humidity?
Her panties were full of pee pee!
Excellent actor
And after they leave, she just picks up her toyboy and goes like ooookay let's just pretend this never happened.
she said the N word!!!!! she a r- racist
Ho!
1.35 Did she piss herself?
all women are like her, they act tough on the outside .but one good smack to the left and they want to suck your dick
chop chop, hit a woman, she got hit
Oh come on,  what's the point of havin a dude that big and buff if he's gonna go down so fast.
Frank Vincent is a wiseguy legend.
I mean I would have titty fucked her....
Wow this is coming out on my birthday, October 6th. Niiiiiiiiice.
Finally starting to sound like himself, not that weird gay mainstream shit
still fucking up their program...\nlike a boss. <3 <3 <3    C==B hah ha ha...
extremely disappointed in myself on movie clip
Look forward to hearing the rest. Marilyn Manson is one of the few who still puts out new stuff I like as much as the old.
Was undecided then the chorus hit. Bueno.
My emperor ! The Sex Symbol!
Mr. Manson is killing it again!! All his work is great but this one reminds me of old school shit!!!!
THE ANTICHRIST HAS RISEN!!!  GOD OF FUCK! LOVE IT!!!
This is absolutely fantastic. You're back and amazing as always 🤘
I Wanna Rap On A Marilyn Manson Track. For Real Though!
My ears got raped. And i liked it
Good to still hear Manson in 2017....gives me a little hope that the world isn't all bad.
Your back about Time from DaRkEr PaRkEr.....
Reminds me a bit of something from Antichrist Superstar, Mechanical Animals with a bit of Golden Age. Not bad. I still liked his Pale Emperor album a lot and kind of wish he would've made another blues-ish album.
I read somewhere that this album contains similar sound as mechanical and antichrist. After listening this, I agree.
Comment removed by U.S Government.
Holy fuck i love that band!!  Anything they make is awesome.
Yes.....the extinction of #pedophiles / #omnivores & so forth....is a beautiful song concept. Thank you, Marilyn Manson..yet again. #LifeScience
I love you Marilyn Manson...
Whose house is that?
Good music for smokin' a fatty
Reminds me of Joy Division at the beginning
Heaviest thing he's done in ten years. Love it.
Trevor and Melissa still have a relationship. - Uncle Si/FB Live
looks like Manson been using that new Snapchat update
Really big fan of stripped down manson from the last album, sounds like more of a born villain single to me. Tots stoked either way
This was published the day my dad died. Nice timing Manson, I needed this.
His singing style is so terrible.   It was better when it was more spooky kids style.  \nHis lyrics are bad too.   He needs someone to write stuff for him.
About time one of my favorite heethens is back
the intro is the best part of the song...it kind of goes eh after that...
smh.      Sounds incredibly uninspired and by-the-numbers.     Even the most lukewarm track on Anti-Christ Superstar is better than this.
Dedicated to dick-height Bieber !
It strikes me as slightly ironic, given the number of teenage goth Marilyn Manson fans who must have had these words shouted at them by the local jock gang over the years :D
You're back?! I love you!
Put out the full Say10 video!!!
Back to wonderful old times <3
nothing special and too similar to minstry
Everyone knows everybody`s thing and everything about them.
i've heard it before... must say, i'm dissapointed with this track and hope that the rest of the record'll be more revelatory.
Sounds like something that could be on Smells Like Children
Don't need a motherfucker looking down on me
Brilliant and shoving in everyone's face that he's still as always a reigning musical god ....... his genius.
Carnt wait to hear the rest
Aaaaand I think I'm going to love this new album
Welcome back to the style and aggression that made you great Manson..
Did he just mention a killer clown in the song?
This sounds similar to Devil Beneath My Feet
Manson is back in town, white bitches.
This would be a great theme song for John Wick.
I wanna know where you f..king live Brian❤
So amazing. I can't wait for October 6th
I love it return to form
!!! !! !!!\n!!! !! !!!\n!!! !! !!!
I bring you
OOOOHHH yeah ! old school Marylin <3
🍂🌹I like it 🖤🍂
Yummy
*shivers*
yawn
CARALHOOOOOOO
that bass synth is moisturizing af
🎆
Will always respect this dude, Hes amazing
Manson is back <3
My anus is happy.
SWwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng and a miss
awesome, truly i like this
Saludame pajero=v
Daddy
Finally back
Nice.
R I P replay button
You can't sing.
there was little promotion for this track manson don't care about popularity just what we like and what he wants
I love this song
Fuck n dope! 🤘🏻
Manson \nNever disappoints ;)
fuk ya this sounds like anti Christ superstar tracks. fuk ya classic manson
So do I
Meh.
good song
Oct 6th can't wait!
NEW MANSON!!!😍😍
Great song!
Where I live????
Where's fucking Say10???
❤🤘
~ Fucking Awesome! !!!!!😈 \m/
Finally you fucking drug addled clown.
Is twiggy back?
💕
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees manson :3
FUCKING LOVE THIS!!!
yeach
Oh yes...
Wowwwww, you're backkk.🤘🤘🤘
clever clevaaar!
Him and lil uzi about make hell's fire leave hell and come earth
She kept it professional☺☺🙄
Boring ! \nNext time Post a video of the bitch falling... or something like that \nThis video was really unnecessary 👎👎👎🙄😒
Ugly people of the world unite. It's like u r instantly ugly for showing up here.
I'd let her walk all over me shoes on or off
Y'all don't care yet you still had time to write a comment about it? Most models must face strict diets and such, and they are just showing how well models could pull off something when other people couldn't. You might as well just watch the video and keep the comments to yourself instead, stop showing hate and sarcasm.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Damn people will shit on gigi no matter what the fuck she does  😓
Can someone tell me what she has achieved in life
Honestly don't know why we still have fashion shows
she is paid millions to just walk YET she falls or almost falls or loses her shoe !\nbut when it comes to her dumb one lazy face or fake smile selfie no one can beat her on it well expect #kendull and #kylips
Losing her shoe made her walk no better soooooooo 🤷🏿
You go Gigi walk it off like a real man! Oh wait..
I must return the slipper to the princess at once. like cindereller.
That's professionalism for yo ass!
YouTube said it was recommended I wanted to know why
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds!
Baller... that's commitment to the craft!
This has more views than the death toll of ten in Irma video. Holy shit.
Wow the tmz voice guy at the end.... his voice is the impediment of cancer
Who gives a shit about Gigi hadid?
Why is this still trending after so long and barely views
Quick guys let's forget all about the post hurricane carnage by showing this bullshit
That’s cause she is a pro
Ppl lose their homes from hurricanes...and her shoe is important.😤
She is a person.
So?! what other woman who hasn't?
I'm bout to order some hot wings. Like if you eat wings.
My LT in Afghanistan stepped on a mine and blew his foot off. He didn't even bat an eye or make a noise. But this high heel is trending.
i'm just here because i like her tbh
FILM TUBE new Channel Frequency 💋💋❥❥❥👫💘😻💋💋
thanks for sharing her story she's so brave <3
YAAAAS QUEEN SLAAAY! Look at how well she does her job which is merely walking!
OMGGGG!!! the reaction of the crowd to this fiasco.
She didn't let it faze her
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
Why is this news?
Ohh look its a representation of the hunger games.People that think this shit is important have to have serious mental issues.we are so fucked
the DJ needs to be fired for that wack music.
Why are they playing LSD.
Why tf is this on trending.
Who else skips all TMZ YT ADS? They deserve no money. If you are on traditional pc use adblock for TMZ. Always downvote every TMZ video
Hey l would appreciate if you followed my account if you are interested in minimalistic and aesthetics fotos💖💖💖❤️@z.e.serin
Okay seriously people? All the hate just because she has a different job. I'm a legitimate physicist (Doing my masters so that counts right? :D ) and I don't think it is necessary to belittle her for doing something that is physically impressive. She made that look real and I for one know I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
Such a hero...she should get a statue instead of Robert E. Lee.
wow, such talent. What a pro. She walked like she had been doing it most of her life.
Wow this is the dumbest profession I've ever seen.
Now that's a model
*Instead of spending money on these Pointless shows why can't these sponsors use that money to help hurricane hit  people/families.*
The courage this woman has, I'm so inspired.
She has to go to upper class .
Follow link to see Video of Worlds Dumbest Driver : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyHJgF3xT3k
People act like she's the only model to ever lose her shoe at a Victorias secret show a few years back a models shoe went through the stage and she walked it off like nothing happened
Because...when you get paid $10k a show, you'd better be fucking creative.
She gets paid an amount of whole the commentsection combined. She better walk it off
why the FUCK is this trending
What a big deal, right?
all this means is that she watched a lot of antm back in the day
No one gives a fook
What if her chonis came off ? Lol!
BRUH THEY WERE PLAYING THE BEATLES!
Walk doesn't go with the song, sloppy.
KIM, there are people dying.
Hey guys!! I can balance a spoon on my nose, I bet she can’t do that 😎😎
okay I don't like her honestly but she is so professional
I am supposed to be impressed because some hypocritical Muslim cunt can walk?
Ya.  That's cool\n she very pro.  But... Racists\nShe very beautiful , have 2 big eyes. But. Racists\nShe very talent. But racists
Why is everyone making this a big deal? it's normal on fashion weeks...
queens only.
Big fucking deal...
She was fine ☺
666666
That was good
Lol. How stupid.
YEAH NOBODY CARES👇
Lucy in the skyy
who cares
impressive, really wow. what a spectagle
-_- fucking morons all of them
LOL!!!!  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Who cares
She deserves a Kit Kat.
Feelsbadman
Ground breaking news huh?
Racist bitch
racist
Nobodys perfect
OH THE HUMANITY..........
New YouTube challenge?
#FakeNews
*ROOKIE*
Haha dumb cunt
Ok?
Take that Kendall.!!!
Annoying
Great
PATHETIC
How is this fucking trending
Pfff
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/ychdvsll
Y'all are sooooo fucking salty. Lmao. If it was as easy as you think why y'all not modeling and walking the runway then ? Why y'all stuck in the field YOU CHOSE ? fuck all ya guys gotta blame yourselves for making the decision you made instead of being salty because of someone else's success and wealth from a different industry. Lmfao.
They told me I could become anything, so I became a paint brush
super street fighter 15 guile hood boy skin showcase
It looks just like the hat the British Guards Wear Haha
Can this get 5 likes for no reason?
We want to see the special vehicles
Jareld on hey arnold character...hey jareld
So the british guards actually have the hair like that...
Wow Marge simpson in real life (no offence this is rly cool)
Who else thought this was Iman shumpert by the thumbnail???
He can't wear a hat
He is a real troll
Marge Simpsons!
It looks like a paint brush......
Glorious hair.I am happy he is proud of his hair.Brother and sisters as well should appreciate their natural hair type and grow it out instead of getting wigs but if they like wigs i am no one to stop them lol.
ha ha.... HOW DOES HE PUT ON CLOTHES???!!!!
He looks like a troll
this is seriously an achievement??
How do he drive?
When girls gel their hair😂😂
I would love to see him after a shower
He looks like my mom's make-up brush
I wonder how he mange when he goes to bus or train or even personal car lmao
Looks like a tanned Paul Phoenix from Tekken😂
Once i cut his hair it will be over
how do i send a clip to you bcz i feel like i can beat one so how
He can open the sun roof tho😂
I wonder , How does he sleeps at night? 🤔
Looks like that boy from hey arnold
I've never seen anything more cringey\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh wait my sister and music.ly
Forget about the hair, his LIPS tho
How does he make it stand when it's that long?
I think I can do that with a bunch of hair gel
Yooo why does this guy look exactly like the kid who said he wanted to be a chicken nugget from vine.
I wanna ask how did he bath
This was a very _hair raising_ video. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll go home.
I would get his hairstyle if i was black
will I get 20 subscribers 🤦😴
He was in the trolls movie
Also a record for the world's largest paint brush.
Oh look it’s Marge Simpson
this that kid from hey Arnold, he finally grew up!
The black marge simpson
That's a skyscraper to insects
A NATURAL BRITISH QUEEN GUARD.
Are you guys thinking that I'm think about this hair style ?? #Paul From #Taken Game Series
Looks like Gerald from Hey Arnold!
How tf does he take a shower
How long did that take to grow?
Look like a makeup brush.
IT LOOKS LIKE A QUEENS GUARD FROM LONDON
Is he still friends with Arnold?
Some one scared him badly
Looks like a foundation brush
Just wondering what he looks like when you pour water on his head or when he takes a shower.
Somewhere out there Kid N' Play are shedding tears of joy.
Reminds of Gerald From Hey Aronold For Some Reason?
May he please paint my roof?
When ur hair is so fly it physically requires a convertible.
In the late 80's during high school I had the Jheri Curl. It's crazy how hairstyles change.
Даже больше, чем у Лены Лениной
Marge Simpson IRL
Black Rapunzel?
Looks like trolls
Gaylord
Looks like a troll
Chatal chinaar lag raha hai behen chod
Hey Arnold
Hi faze apex
Finally an epic record! xd
Oh marge
y tho
simple tips for short peeps
REALLY 😂
Straight outta HunterxHunter
*i wanna toch it so bad* (✧ω✧)
he looks like trolls.
머리카락 ㅁㅊ
Whats up apex
Wtf 😂😂😂😂😂
Apex??
900th like
vice should hire him
special vehicles = bike
black people
Oh no...
Johnny Bravo
how much shampoo
Black marge simpson
Heyy thats ksi
11inch foot long etika
Extremely large paintbrush
Etika would be proud
The human paint brush
is this marge bouvier?
Him:Make my hair looke like tampon\nBarber:Say no more
How does he sleep?
Marge Simpson irl
black Johnny Bravo
Totally reminds me of Gerald from Hey Arnold!™.
So what's the process for putting on a shirt?
It's so great that you are opening a bank account for Ayla. I really wished my parents did that for me at some point when I was younger (but its only a false wish since my parents were immigrants and didnt know a lot about how a lot of things worked...)
Isaac melts my heart. The way he goes hi mummy as soon as Lindy steps into his bedroom 😭
I remember you from 5 years ago wow! I remember your brother saying stare into my eyes your balls will be paralysed hahaha :/
Please check out my friends up and coming beauty YouTube channel --> https://youtu.be/AsTmcXNWUwk
Where is domo and chubby?
on tv :') AHAHAHAHAAAAAAA
Loving that new song of JB -Friends 💜
My three year old Girl loves Paw Patrol too. Love from Tassie, Australia.
I took my boys to see Paw Patrol live as well. They loved it. Lol\nMy oldest son (4) has a paw patrol bed
I was just watching sacconejoly channel, they will be at a meetup in Belfast in Nov. Would be cool if you could meetup with them.
Is anyone else seeing all these pornographic comments under the video? Wtf i reported as many as i could but there are a lot if them...
Tim watching paw patrol is how I feel when I am at school.
Tim face is so funny..haha
Bubz, I love your vlogs. it brings me joy seeing you guys. ^^\n\nbtw, I noticed that there were spams of nasty comments and inappropriate links. So please report it when you guys see it. I've tried to report as many as i can. I don't want the kids on youtube who watches bubz's videos to see it. So horrible..
I realize, my parents may have taken a more extreme route for me because my first concert was the KISS reunion tour in 2000. I was five years old XD
You guys made my day 💝 may I know what's in your lips at 2:24? It's looks so natural and fresh. You are glowing from deep within 😘. Lot's of love from the Arab Emirates 💐💐💐
The most beautiful family in the globe!
Bubz I think you've scarred Issac 😂 paw pawtrol will never be the same
Hey Bubz, what color of lip tint from Em Cosmetics did you use? Love you and Ng fam!
Issac is talking so much now!!! LOVE YOUR FAMILY!!!
Rickhe with the violin dancing was the best belly laugh I've had all day lol
Where the fuck was Ayla?.... good video tho lol
Isaac is so big now! I guess It's been a while since I last saw a vlog of you. The way he puts on his cap is so cute!!! 😍
Isaac is growing up so fast! ☺️
Isaac has gotten really good with his speaking, I'm happy to see his improvement. (^-^)
I know now not to take my kid to see Paw Patrol when I have one haha XD
aw! Isaac is so sweet hi mommy ... miss Ayla on this blog : |
You guys are one of my most favorite family in Youtube. You guys are so genuine, humble & did not change despite having many followers. Wishing your family all the happiness & good health!
He is getting so big
Issac is such a sweet boy!! I enjoyed your vlog as always thanks!!
oh my god the last shot where his eyes roll
Isaac is getting so big now woah!
I thought you were saying papa troll. I was like what is papa troll.... Lol
if you've gone through all the paw patrol episodes you should watch rescue bots. It's my nephew's new obsession after paw patrol.
now I want to try that shooting toy XD
Hahaha Isaac's facial expressions at the end😂
it's amazing to see how far Isaac's speech has come along, i'm so proud of him ❤️ you're such a beautiful family
So nice seeing how Isaac has grown! My nephew loves Paw Patrol too. And you have a baby girl! God bless your family Bubz
I feel so sad that those people have to perform in a nearly empty room :(
Bubz you seemed more excited than isaac to see paw patrol :D
My boyfriend's little brother LOVES paw patrol. He talks about it and makes me watch it with him a lot. It's so cuteee watching him get so excited about paw patrol.
I haven't seen your videos in a little while and it's amazing how much Issac has grown
Isaac and Tim's faces at 5:43 HAHA
I've been missing Ricky so much! So nice to see him again
Your brother is always such a laugh xD
I was watching some of your old vlogs and I remembered how Tim was really fond of Despicable Me! Think it would be a good idea if you let Isaac watch it, I'm sure he will enjoy it ☺️👍🏻
Enjoyed Tim doing a bit of vlogging~
Judging by Isaac's reaction (or lack thereof) I'd say no it wasnt worth it.
almost 1 mil bubz! I've been here for years and still going on strong!
Wow you saw Busted? before they disbanded and Matt started his own venture? and then the other guy started his own venture? and now i have no idea where they are...
Such a sweet family
Wow you live in NI? I realised your accent. I'm Cantonese and Vietnamese. Usually go to the arena for the Belfast Giants Games. Your kid is so cute. Great to see locals 😊
That moment when he says...on tv\nLol
Worth paying double full price for paw patrol for Isaac to see it!
Wow bubz you're sooo close to 1 mill subscribers! Seems like you'll get there by your next video!! Yaayy!!
When are you guys going to do a new intro with Ayla? ☺
aww bubz, i am so tired with my pregnancy, i am 3 months with my first born and thank god i have been watching you since your pregnancy with isaac. I suffered hyperemesis for 2 months and rejected taking Plasil. i lost a lot of weight and i am so concerned with my baby. but the doc says its healthy. i am just concern my weight is still dropping i still cannot eat. i am very much dehydrated my lips were chapped and dry. water didnt taste good so i sometimes drink electrolyte water to replenish me. but with all these struggles i am looking forward to finally meet my firstborn! godbless and love much mommah bubz!
Issac means laughter. May he grow full of joy and laughter.
Was it worth it? Lemme work it. I put my thang down flip it and reverse it
I love your shooting stance, it's very serious. 🤣
Are you going to create a new intro to your videos ? 🙂❤
The things we do for kids! :D Should have just bought a dvd LOL
Tim actually hit one of the markers
Damn, what a bad turn out o.O \n\nWe had booked to take my nephew to see that in August at Manchester Arena and due to the closure of the arena a new venue was found but it was a month earlier and original tickets weren't valid for the new venue so we just got the refund and saved ourselves the hassle of rearranging days off.
'If u smile I'll give you popcorn'Hey u cant bribe me like that >:3
I love your vlogs big much!! ❤️
Wasn't full price about £65 each regardless of age? We almost gifted our nephew but decided the money could go further!
Lindsy well done you are 18 on trending and I just wanted to say I love watching Isaac grow up it is so cute and thank you for posting about your life!
Ricky !!!! Omg, now im gonna go see what he's been up to on he's channel lol . I MISSED him ! I knew my eyes weren't playing tricks on me haha .
lol Issac and Tim have the same expression when watching the paw patrol show, like father like son. It always fun watching you guys!!! Love you guys!! <3
Hi Bubz! I have watched you since before you were married and I am basically committed to watching your videos still, I love it so much! I'm sure you guys know what you're doing but due to my own past experiences i sort of became worried for Lala because my mom tried her best not to neglect my older brother and instead she neglected me. even giving me to my grandma really did some damage to me because i didn't know what a mother's love was supposed to be like growing up. Again, i think you guys know what you're doing and i only see glimpses of what goes on, through your videos. But please don't let ayla be removed from your presence for too long or she could feel disconnected with you, as to this day (been praying for God to restore my family) i have felt disconnected with my own family. please do keep me in prayer as well as you can see i need it, haha. anyway, it was a small worry, but i'm sure you guys know what you're doing, and i'm sorry if this came off the wrong way. God bless you and your beautiful family!!! Love youuu!! <3
lol! Isaac was obviously unimpressed throughout the Paw Patrol show. haha...
Ahhh Paw Patrol!! My younger brother is like 9 months older than Isaac and LOVES Paw Patrol. He has so many books and he makes me read them every day.
BUBZ WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO MAKE A NEW INTRO FOR YOUR VIDEOS
Omg! Issac is talking a lot lately!!! He is so adorable <3
My wee sister loved paw patrol live. My mum's sister talked mum into taking my sister and our cousin. It cost them an arm and a leg.
That is the same living room where you used to make those funny comedies
Remember seeing busted at the odyssey too 😂
Aw, this reminded me of when I was 4 and my mom was SO excited to take me to a LIVE Barney show. But she accidently took me the weekend after it happened, so I never got to see it :( At least she tried!
Ive never seen a cuter smile in my life
Lmao Tim's face had me cracking up 😂😂😂
Isaac makes me smile Big Much! 😀😀😀♥♥
I've been hearing people say Paw Patrol for so long and just realized that it isn't Papa Troll.
TIME FOR A NEW INTRO
Lol this is 17 on trending
New intro? Please?
Uncle Rickeh is ruthless.  :)
omgdays that cute smile XD you bribed your son!!! XD
I love love your bath tub !!
Ricky is attractive
Isaac looks like ricky.
No Lala? :(
paw patrol sounds like papa troll
aw isaacs smile !!he's so cute !
so cute :-:
Isaac you too cute gah!
so close to 1M bubz!! wooo
Hello Bubz Fam💗
Addicted to your vlogs, so relaxing :)
Even though paw patrol was... *cough* shit..😂😂😂
I would love a podcast!
Who remembers edd 😰
You literally remind me of my best friend Logan, and that's such a beautiful thing to me 😂 we just need more people like you both
That thing about soulmates bit so close to home wow. I never thought about it like that but the most toxic friendships I've ever had have felt like the most incredible at the time. I wouldve called them my soul mate. Wow Tom wow.
I like the idea of a last month maybe? I think that's been suggested before and I reckon its a great idea
Podcast is good do it on a saturday then more people could watch it *dont script it* and make sure eddie and elliot is in it
Your footage from Florence gave me huge flashbacks from when I was there two years ago for one of the best holidays I've ever had. I've been in and loved these streets! Dang I need to travel more.\nBut your recreated sketch in Pisa was so freaking funny my man
I'm not too sure about the podcast idea to be honest.
Lie to me yessss so good
14:46 the thiccest \nI love you tom
OMG at the leaning tower part I didn't know I could wheeze laughing that hard. I might have developed asthma but worth it. Probably. I'll send you the doctor's bill. Cause I'm American. FML
You should do a Squidge Vlog where Elliot plays the voice of Squidge. Pls. Pls do dat. Dat would be vewy nice.
A podcast sounds awesome Tom, I'd really like to hear your views on things going on in the world :)
the university of ... they're here...
Noooooo ! I want last week to be forever. I just started watching these :(  cruel.
Cool now we have a preview of The Complete History of Me (3/3)
do the podcast and then maybe keep doing last week sketches??
Podcasting would be great but i feel as if monthly vlogging would be better but with more effort. i like both really but your content is your content. you can do what you want
What about a more behind the scenes look of how a sketch/anything you make evolves from start to finish? (including the many creative breaks you, Elliot and Eddie take) :D
The podcast idea sounds like it would be good, but whatever you choose to do, Tom, I and many other fans probably, implore you to not replace it with something scripted. The insight of naturality of your life that Last Week gives can't even hope to be replaced with anything less than your reality.
Charlie is so beautiful x
Pretentious Monthly Scrapbook or weekly 30min-1hour podcast.\nI'd say Podcast is best. You, Eddie, Elliot (possibly Charlie) can host and just bring friends like Chloe, Sammy or Jack Howard in to guest. Talk about a certain topic or just about anything that's new for you all. It could be a chance to promote your friends upcoming work too!
What happened to last week I fled the country
i would be super interested in a pms!
Please dont end last week i super enjoy it and love it
Winner Tacos were my favourite growing up too! People always thought I was insane when I described it amd kept on claiming that I was just misremembering Maxibons.
Tom! You look identical my maths teacher and my maths teacher is even named Thomas.
I like podcasts, but it's gonna be a lot different regardless of what you do, gonna miss seeing all these people every week.
I really enjoy vlogs so itd b cool to have a monthly one
Genuine idea: the seven adventures of Squidge the puggo.... One every week or 2 where Tom takes Squidge out for an adventure
hay tom, just thought id tell you about a product called Klondike choco taco.
Tom is the epitome of lovable\n manchild
it would be nice if you could still somehow incorporate the user submitted sketches for your next show
nooooooooooooo not the end of lastweek
I like the idea of a no script (lightly scripted) podcast! Make the Last - 'Last Week' go out with a bang!
I can tell by the thumbnail and title you are drunk no hate!!! Your cool
I reckon team up with Dan and the rest of the lincoln lads and bring back the man time podcast
I like your scripted stuff more so do dat
lol i live 20 mins away from pisa's airport
No, Jesus found you
I really enjoy the vlogs so I'd be happy with a monthly vlog or something similar 😊
Twas preeetty gud. On a side note i think squidge may like elliot more than you
how did you get that teddy bear? and why is it in almost every episode of eddsworld
I would enjoy a last week podcast.
Tom we still have ice cream tacos in the US. I feel like you've missed a lot of opportunities for that
8:32 there is a man drinking directly from the bottle not giving a shut while Tom is walking
hey tom i like ur stuff and everytime im sad i watch ur stuff\n\njus wanted u to know this\n\nok bye
8:50\n\nI need that shirt.\n\nWhere can I get it?! I need that shirt!!!
holy shit you should so  a sitcom!!!
Definitely a podcast anyway, its pretty much the perfect thing to fill the void and (depending on how you do it, for example audio only) that would fix that subsection of the comments that obsess over your weight. \n\nIf you wanted to do something scripted you could even just release the weekly sketches from reddit on occasion. It could even solidify this channel as the personal with the fans one, in a way, and it would be super entertaining as it's own thing too
every month you could release a vlog for the month. except each day only has one minute. could be in the style of 8:27 to 8:38 sometimes\n\nedit: and 13:42 to 13:58
And where did you found him?????
They call him Matthew Christ 8:05
Holy shit I am the exact same build as Tomska 😂😂
4:20... Fav moment... and Fav Time Card... (I Rounded it Down to make this comment funny... My *Actual* Fav moment is at closer to 4:21)
I'd love a podcast, just dont have a completely scripted one.  Just talk about whatever you guys like, same as in the vlogs
Why don't you have weekly videos of you opening mail and the submitted sketches, you can spend way more time on it
Wow. Someone who hates Jesus more than Jehovah's Witnesses do
Are your parents back together?
I'm really sorry about this but you use to be so skinny man...
Just do Last Week. You lazy ************* ;)
I'm sick of watching and listening to privileged cunts
this is my first time watching your videos, you come across as like a really nice down to earth guy. I kinda like these simple/quick kinda vlogs
Originally, I was on board with the podcast idea, but, after reflecting on what I personally like about Last Week, I found that I most enjoy the quick succession of entertaining cuts to random events or comments that happen throughout the day. A podcast would have its moments, but I feel that the entertainment value of the visual jokes and the (probably previously-thought-out) cuts to Tom & Co.'s random quips every now and then give Last Week a unique, funny feel, that I don't personally find in many other vlog series, wouldn't be there in a podcast. Personally, I think, as a replacement for Last Week, you should do a bi-weekly or monthly vlog series. I don't want to lose that feel I get from this series or the excitement I have when I see a new upload that just won't be present with a static, talky podcast.\n\nI commend you for making it to the end of this wall of text, and I hope others agree with me. Thanks, Tom, (& friends) for making a super entertaining, awesome series that is definitely one of the highlights of my week.
Tbh, I would love to see more you improving skits in public
13:20 When two of my 'soul type' get together it pretty much is a simplified enactment of weirdmageddon, were it is just a feed back loop of weirdness and slightly creepy laughter that takes over any space its in and it just becomes a cacophony of the unusual, and unstable.
podcast is fun, but you need to have guests to come on, like charlie or sammy. cause I watch this to see how your week was and I love the cameos of your friends.
Dats vewy nice\nTitle: Last Week #76: Dive Stunt Kills Tom (Not Clickbait) a.k.a. Last Week The Ridgewells goes to Italy featuring Charlie Belle Shaw
Well that mantis is dead now
13:37 all is so artsy then... guy hits a tree
Is ave maria just the theme song of Italy or something?
2:10 Are you a goat?! 0-0 XD
when he says he went to every European country\n\n\n\n\n*F I N L A N D?*
Go to Romania it's a good country
I would love a podcast. I sometimes find it hard to watch last week so i end up listening to a podcast. I just love the raw input of thoughts and hearing peoples beliefs
Monthly sounds good.\n8:04 Of course that's your interpretation for jesus.
Last week...TOM WENT SWIMMING AND MADE GOAT NOISES THE END
I want spammers to reply to this so that I can report them easier.
Make last month then every 12 months make last year
I love podcasts!!
Monthly vlog + podcast
Tom never saw this comment  *sigh*
Just do some funny sketches
noooo, I love last week :(
Nipple twisty Fresh
Oh my gully gosh please check my
9:20 thicc
i-i miss edd :(
Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!
Monthly vlog sounds fab! Podcast also sounds vewy noice =)
Tom your mum is hawwt
4:22\n*FUCK!*
Podcast!
@9:10 those people are ... boaring
Big jizz
When Tom hates water
🍺
bigger is better
look at all those chickens!
I lost it at 14:15 😂😂😂😂
To this day, I still dream about Sydney Fish Market and am so excited to go back! (beware those darn ibises though.. Aussies know what I'm talking about) Stay tuned for parts 2 & 3 of Worth It Oz - what country should we visit next? \n\n#BuzzFeedWorthIt
Can you guys go to Canada and try Poutine?
Why does it say Steven is wrong about the billion fact when that was what he said?
I dont like sea food.
Do a separate season only for drinks. That would be awesome!
Adam is so cool about it
Still waiting for the food that will blow Adam's mind
Australian food is expensive, but they do it well.
When Adam smiles, you know it's good.
I would rather have a Sydney Rock Oyster on my team for CS:GO than a Coffin Bay Pacific Oyster. Why? Because Coffin Bay Pacific Oysters get salty when we lose.
Oh god you overpronounced Melbourne so hard
That chef is savage .. literally!!
Lol i'm an aussie and we eat this stuff pretty often and thinks it's just meh.
What's the music during the intro to Cirrus? I can't find any of the songs from the descriptions.
Melbourne it's Mel-bin not Mel-burn
It's Melbourne mate, not Melbuuuuuuuurn
PLEASE VISIT KOI DESSERT BAR IN SYDNEY!!!
I think the best part about this series is seeing Steven and Andrew's friendship grow
The last chef is he singaporean? Lol the accent is so strong
I hope you guys don't end your Australian journey without going to Tasmania! Beautiful produce there!
You should eat oysters with a cracker, horseradish, pepper, and hot sauce it would be so much better
The title should be: boring hipsters eat food.
Hey do you remember when buzzfeed made quality content me either
Please tell me you're going to Rockpool for steak
Loved the episode but seafood feels like too broad a topic to cover for a single video. I think it would've been better to compare say just oysters or something like that.
Idk know if anyone will read this but one time I went to this really fancy restaurant with my family and the guy who gives you water and tells you what kind of foods are on the menu kept saying like : and we use the top 3% fish and to 3% blah blah bla. Now my family makes it a joke and says like and this is the top 3% dish soap and stuff it's more funny if you were there tho.
You have the best job in the world!! :)
I live here and I've never had sea food like that, wheres the fish n chip bro
then I'm sitting on my bed eating some chicken strips
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Is the camera guy suicidal?
They pronounce Melbourne as Mel-Burn 😂
omg these guys were in Australia??? should come to Melbourne to find the best coffee
The way they say Melbourne killed me omg 😂😂😂😂
 They're just S N O T rocks
As an Australian i would like to say Melbourne is pronounced (Mel-Bin) we are not a proper English speaking nation and don't pronounce how spelt
Pause at 10:33. Look at the thing in the back, press play, and watch it dissapear
Ahh~ since you guys are traveling more frequently for videos, you should do some of the most obvious Worth it's for each area like...\nPoutine in Canada\nSushi in Japan\nCurry in India\n\nMaybe..? 😅✌🏽😋✨
Is anyone else disturbed that the marron is STILL MOVING AFTER CUTTING AND MARINATING IT AND WHILE GRILLING, i am not okay almost threw up
I got a red lobster commercial for this video lol
You guys should come to Argentina for steak!
You know what else is fishy? Stevens vagina.
Today I found out that I have the same birthday as Donald trump.... if you're having a bad day just think of me bruh
Dang, Brent Savage is a savage.
Man u guys should have gone to Tasmania the seafood there is lit
The way they were saying Melbourne me cringe so hard
3:22 I'm not sure if that's a word
I really wanna try that sydney rock oyster since I find regular oysters overly salty.\nWhat's the closest equivalent you can get in the north of Europe?
Go to  Tokyo, Japan and try there food next
Adam is so silent, it makes me uncomfortable.
You guys should come to Scotland and try haggis for a worth it video
adam is one lucky cameraman. lol i wonder if he enjoys the food as much as those guys?
please do some french fries
the way they say melbourne 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I thought they would go to Dinner by Heston in aus and get like alacarte for seafood
Mate where are my fellow Aussies at?
I've been rewatch this video for like 10,000 times.please hurry up with the new video
Frankfurt, Germany for the sausages!!!
This is just life goals.
as an Australian I hate the way they say Melbourne
The Higher the Price the Smaller the Dish\n\n\n\n\nQuetzal Torres- FUN FACT👌
babes Melbourne is pronounced Mel-bin
dO bAcOn!1!1!1!1
haha my name is bishes lmaooo, anyone catch that?
'Melburn' 😂 it's pronounced 'Melbin'
Try coffee next season
Aussie here🙋🏻
Make fried rice worth it
Worth it feat.Gordon Ramsay anyone?
Bris - BAIN lmao
This kills the crayfish.
8:50
Try pancakes!!!
OMG WHU SHOW HIM KILLING THAT INSECT SLOWLY?
Try Coles 40% real choc cookies..you will not regret
*Steven* : shoutout to nature                              *nature* : ey cheers mate
$  vs. $$$ Fried Chicken
$ coffee vs. $$$ coffee
Marron are fresh water crustaceans so literally NOT seafood rofl.
Can you guys do burritos 🌯 please?
$ ramen vs $$$ ramen
You should do one with New Nordic kitchen
They should do worth it pedicures, 1. To get rid of the stigma behind men getting pedicures 2. They are just amazing
YOU GUYS ALL WAYS MAKE ME HUNGRY XD!
You guys should do poutine in canada 🇨🇦
Watching Adam always being underwhelmed with eating worth it food is the reason I watch this.
Why don't you guys do a worth it homecooked meals
this is just a series of two guys going on a lot of dates and enjoying their food together, isnt it?
Today, September 16, the US Dollar is worth close to 1.25 Australian Dollars. Easy calculation for those who didn't know the ratio.
Go to the Melting Pot
Why does bernard sound singaporean????? Or is it just me
I don't get the pelican pelic-in pun
Andrew is the only reason I watch this show 💯❤️
with how popular this show has become you think you'd but more than an oyster each and all eat off one plate -_-
5:07 Brent Savage I need that name NOW
Do they actually buy this food?
alckdijgjjeigiogkgk
MELBOURNE
Melburn? Brizbayne? What?
Icecream?
Another brainwashed liberal trying to brainwash others about his global warming cult. \nThe very fact that recent tree ring data erroneously suggests cooling in the last 50 years, when in fact there has been warming, should be a warning flag about using tree ring data for figuring out how warm it was 1,000 years ago. - Dr Roy Spencer, Ph D, former NASA scientist
Not so little Stevie CAN SEE NOW.  Because he sez, if you Be Blind if you done believe Dat  Global Warming dont't be for real for real.  Did little Stevie acquire a Lisp? OR an love relationship affinity for men?
What is more likely? A relatively small group of eco activists are using their limited funds in a massive global conspiracy involving 97% of climate scientists to damage the economy in order to do something OR oil companies and such are using their obscene profits to bribe whoever they can in an attempt to avoid responsibility for any consequences their environmental activities will have?
Wow, what a worldly definition of love. Pure evil. Soli Deo Gloria!
The sky is falling!!The sky is falling!!!! @James Brown INCREASE in storms...Not so http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user230519/imageroot/2017/09/12/2017.09.12%20-%20Hurricanes.jpg there was more hurricanes and tropical storms in the 1800's!
Climate change deniers are either blind or ignorant So Stevie is admitting to being a climate change denier?
Yeah, Stevie, you were always blind, seeming pretty unintelligent yourself right now insulting people that don't have your liberal, muh feelin's views. Yet another platform for all of us to hear celebrity politics that don't matter right now. Watch Jerry Lewis years of telethons to raise money, and see how it's done. Just shut up and sing.
Ok, stevie wonder calling out global warming is like Marlee Matlin calling out noise pollution....REALLY? great musician, but drank the liberal cool aid...you moron! Stick to music or give a sollution!...does ANYONE have a sollution for global warming while these celebs' are flying around in their carbon emitting private jets, heating their multi-million dollar mansions and driving around in carbon dioxide spewing limos...oohh the hypocrocy! At least these idiots are good for a laugh... No wonder President Trump will win in 2020, these idiot celebrities are chasing people into his arms...MAGA!
WHAT STEVIE IS TRYING TO SAY IS HE DOESNT BELIEVE IN GLOBAL WARMING
global warming is a farce made up by politicians and celebrities who are brainwashed by paychecks when told to promote it.
Hey celebrity assholes, what's your carbon foot print?
and when did Stevie see the data?
So Stevie Wonder said that blind people don't believe in climate change because the blind and unintelligent can't see it. Oh well Stevie why are you talking.
If you don't believe in climate change you must be blind or unintelligent...\n\nI guess Stevie isn't a believer!
The hypocrisy is almost sickening. I'm sure Stevie enjoyed his plane ride home on his private jet. It seems this global warming thing only applies to us little people.
What a cringe fest! Nothing but a gigantic photo op for these self indulgent, sanctimonious assholes. The country will do just fine without your cringy mugs all over our tv screens. Keep your worthless talents and stay out of our homes. You degenerate scumbags wouldn't know charity if it kicked you in the ass.
It's a charity event, not a political rally. He was out of line.  At the very least, if you're trying to raise money, you don't insult those who MIGHT donate, duh!   Yes, I think climate change deniers are unintelligent, I agree w/ Stevie, but I certainly wouldn't say that if I was trying to raise money for a cause.  And on a tangent, his little Xian prayer could be seen as insensitive to non Xians and Nones.  He's a hypocrite.
LOL I did think it was funny and ironic... of course Stevie was trying to tell people that HE don't believe in Climate Change lol\nREPLY
Aw man...  I used to have so much love for Stevie until I saw this speech... Blind and unintelligent.
Praise the Prius! Halleluyah! Repent, you heretics who do not believe in the Doctrine of Man Caused Global Warming! The End is Near!
I love the scroll America's Got Talent will air immediately after this program. Especially during Stevie Wonder and Beyonce's rant. ROTFLMAO
stevie is so in your face! bless you man ! i applaud Stevie with his message here's a disciple of Mr. Wonder tribute to this genius Cause we've ended as lovers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h12kms2ceRo
Only an idiot would believe celebrity propaganda.
I totally agree Stevie! So global warming isn't a thing? Well keep doing what your doing dont change and then dont complain when we see more hurricanes or worse! Then we will have another benefit concert for maybe you or a family member or friend of yours hat was effected by it. Thats right .. Just keep doing what your doing. Stay ignorant. But at the end of the day we get what we deserve with how we treat each other and our planet
DJ KHALED ALERT!!!!!!!!!!\nAs I was watching this telethon last night the camera man showed DJ KHALED multiples of times with that red jacket on looking like THE KOOL-AID MAN and each time he was taking a phone call.  For some reason I had a vision for a minute of DJ KHALED saying \n PLEASE CALL 1-800-258-6000 BECAUSE WE THE BEST HAND IN HAND TELETHON \n(laughing) I bet he would have said that shit right then and there!!!
The group with the largest carbon footprint in the Universe is lecturing us on denial.
Let Stevie Wonder be an inspiration to us all, by stopping his touring and private jets, and huge resource sucking homes.
I want to know how much each of these super rich Hollywood libturds are giving to the hurricane victims.
Preaches love and then spews hate. Has been trying to hold on. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gRAMAU7swM&t=16s
I believe in channel change
I believe in climate change. I believe it's been around for billions of years, and not just the last 20.
That's why I'm donating directly to charities.
Stevie has never seen a Republican that he didn't hate.
All you climate change deniers are Stupid FOOLS!
love you stevie wonder!!!  TY for standing up for scientific studies of climate change & pollution. https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=global+warming+hurricanes&hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C22&as_vis=1&as_ylo=2012&as_yhi=\n\nAmerican Meteorological Society: Climate Change: An Information Statement of the American Meteorological Society\n\nIt is clear from extensive scientific evidence that the dominant cause of the rapid change in climate of the past half century is human-induced increases in the amount of atmospheric greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide (CO2), chlorofluorocarbons, methane, and nitrous oxide.” (August 2012)\n\nAmerican Physical Society: Statement on Earth’s Changing Climate:\n\nWhile natural sources of climate variability are significant, multiple lines of evidence indicate that human influences have had an increasingly dominant effect on global climate warming observed since the mid-twentieth century. Although the magnitudes of future effects are uncertain, human influences on the climate are growing. (November 2015)\n\nAmerican Geophysical Union: Statement on climate: “Human-induced climate change requires urgent action.”\n\nExtensive, independent observations confirm the reality of global warming. These observations show large-scale increases in air and sea temperatures, sea level, and atmospheric water vapor; they document decreases in the extent of mountain glaciers, snow cover, permafrost, and Arctic sea ice. These changes are broadly consistent with long-understood physics and predictions of how the climate system is expected to respond to human-caused increases in greenhouse gases. The changes are inconsistent with explanations of climate change that rely on known natural influences.”\n\n (Adopted December 2003, Revised and Reaffirmed December 2007, February 2012, August 2013)\n\nAmerican Association for the Advancement of Science: AAAS Board Statement on Climate Change\n\nThe vast preponderance of evidence, based on years of research conducted by a wide array of different investigators at many institutions, clearly indicates that global climate change is real, it is caused largely by human activities, and the need to take action is urgent. (December 2006, Reaffirmed December 2009)\n\nGeological Society of America: Position statement on climate change\n\nScientific advances have greatly reduced previous uncertainties about recent global warming. Ground-station measurements have shown a warming trend of ~0.85 °C since 1880, a trend consistent with (1) retreat of northern hemisphere snow and Arctic sea ice; (2) greater heat storage in the ocean; (3) retreat of most mountain glaciers; (4) an ongoing rise in global sea level; and (5) proxy reconstructions of temperature change over past centuries from archives that include ice cores, tree rings, lake sediments, boreholes, cave deposits, and corals. (October 2006; revised April 2010, March 2013, April 2015).\n\nAmerican Chemical Society: Statement on Global Climate Change\n\nThere is now general agreement among scientific experts that the recent warming trend is real (and particularly strong within the past 20 years), that most of the observed warming is likely due to increased atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations, and that climate change could have serious adverse effects by the end of this century. (July 2004)\n\nU.S. National Academy of Sciences: Understanding and Responding to Climate Change \n\nThe scientific understanding of climate change is now sufficiently clear to begin taking steps to prepare for climate change and to slow it. (2008)\n\nInternational academies: Joint science academies’ statement: Global response to climate change\n\nClimate change is real. There will always be uncertainty in understanding a system as complex as the world’s climate. However, there is now strong evidence that significant global warming is occurring. (2005, 11 national academies of science)\n\nIntergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), 2014.  Synthesis Report Summary for Policymakers\n\n“Human influence on the climate system is clear, and recent anthropogenic emissions of green-house gases are the highest in history. Recent climate changes have had widespread impacts on human and natural systems.”\n\n“Warming of the climate system is unequivocal, and since the 1950s, many of the observed changes are unprecedented over decades to millennia. The atmosphere and ocean have warmed, the amounts of snow and ice have diminished, and sea level has risen.”\n\nU.S. Global Change Research Program, 2014. Highlights of Climate Change Impacts in the United States: The Third National Climate Assessment.\n\n“Over recent decades, climate science has advanced significantly. Increased scrutiny has led to increased certainty that we are now seeing impacts associated with human-induced climate change. With each passing year, the accumulating evidence further expands our understanding and extends the record of observed trends in temperature, precipitation, sea level, ice mass, and many other variables recorded by a variety of measuring systems and analyzed by independent research groups from around the world.” (thanks @pixilateddream for this!)
I loved Stevie Wonder but not anymore. I guess he has been recruited.
Global Warming is FAKE NEWS,    Climate change is FAKE NEWS.    Pollution and moving off of fossil fuels that's real news . . .    But people who actually believe we humans are the cause, well that's the definition of a Liberal.    A person who knows sooo much that just is not true
Guess I'm not listening to Stevie anymore. Brainwashed imbecile. Stick to music.
What a joke! How about a debate instead of demonizing people! These celebrities no nothing and they're all hypocrites!\nhttps://youtu.be/TCy_UOjEir0
University of Miami President Julio Frenk, when speaking on the 8.1 earthquake in Mexico, tied it into climate change. When we deny climate change and all of that, and refuse to take action, we are affecting these poor people, he said, referring to the victims in Mexico.\n\nClearly climate change, the evidence is undebatable! — survivor of 8.5-9.0 quake (estimate) that destroyed Lisbon in 1755.
Oooooo sooo close.   But Lord save us all
just sing Stevie.  What an opportunist to come out and say people are unintelligent if they don't agree with you….
He is blinded by ignorance.
#truth
He's not mocking anyone. His words are crystal clear.
This was the saddest sight I've ever heard .
Just described himself blind and stupid
poor Stevie, everytime he opens his mouth to tell everyone to open their hearts and eyes, he gets into trouble. i hear even some pastor is after his neck. sounds familiar? the last time a popular man opened his mouth to tell us things we didn't want to hear, he got crucified ;)
Global warming...is a political persuasion. I'm not ignorant. God warns of judgement. This is just another money maker for democrats...just like abortion.
blessed are the blind who still can see !
We're gathered here today to raise money for the Clinton global initiative to which will pay off the Haiti ponzi scheme
this jerk is one wonder of a left wing stooge
He gets to try to shame people who are not drinking the communist koolaid!
Did he say they must be blind or unintelligent?! Oh mine!!!! Really!!!???!!!?
Stevie Wonder must be blind if he believes in man made global warming.Oh yeah,he is.
That's nice Stevie, now go back into your bottle of formadahyde
Have you ever seen Stevie wonder wife? \n\n\n\n\n\nIf you you haven't either has Stevie wonder seen her.
You must be blind to say dumb shit like that, stick with your music dummy !
Well, little Stevie I must be blind and dumb then. So I'm gonna trot right down and sign up for me some disability checks. Fuck this working 50 or 60 hours a week just to pay too much in taxes.
Blind or unintelligent? When's the last time this guy looked into the mirror? Oops!
All combined, these celebs put more up their nose each month than they raised with this telethon.
Way to go Stevie... Everyone knows that the BEST way to maximize donations coming in to your little fund raiser is to call a majority of would be donors stupid.... I guess he can't SEE the irony....
Blind in more ways than one.
These fucking ELITES don't give a fuck about the people of Harvey and Irma, they're raising money for the DNC!!!
Another dirtbag liberal running to have a benefit si they can spew their leftist politics. Shove your benefit up your ass turd mongers
Hey celebrity assholes, did you give a million dollars like Trump?
Someone tell that dumb nigger there were more hurricanes in 1988 even one that was bigger than Irma....dont take cheap shots at the president steve
Anyone who thinks a hurricane is climate must be blind or unintelligent.
If he wasn't blinded by stupidity he'd open his eyes and see that weather happens.
Your a fool that cant see the truth and you have the audacity to lecture others who can, pity on you
geo engineering !!! NOT climate change you idiots. \nwatch - O.D.D. Watching Geongineering ~ Worldwide Ground Based (WSAC) Weather Makers
Another Liberal Loon
Liberal sodomite scumbag will burn in hell
thank you marytyhitvan
Stay blind you blind bastard
The people in this country that sit back and roll their eyes at scientist telling them that Climate change is real and don't believe them scare me. Yes Irma was not the strongest Hurricane and She may not even be a product of Climate Change, but Climate change IS real and the fact that you refuse to do anything about it and vote for people who also refuse to do anything about it is why we'll all get to say TOLD YOU SO when it all hits the fan in 50 years. Besides that, I seriously don't understand why it matters? Why if you don't believe in climate change would you not want to just say Hey, this is probably not true, but we only get one planet to live on so maybe we should try to take care of it, You know...JUST IN CASE!
Stevie Wonder revealed that he is part of the antichrist new world order and the last stand of rebellious man against a holy, Almighty God! Their end is eternal damnation. Read Revelation 19:11-16; 21:8, 27; 22:14-15 etc. Ready or not - Jesus is coming. safeguardyoursoul.com
never seen any of these losers in Texas well the blind nigger gets a pass we got enough of them besides I think all the air Jordan shoes are gone now
Love, love, love, but hey, fuck Trump
so we are supposed to listen to a blind nigger fuck you O YA he can't read this lol hahhhhhhhhhhaaaa
Fenty beauty really hit the mark with being inclusive with this line. I love seeing super pale and super deep girls getting excited about a line that's catered to them. The gloss I think is my fav, I love universal colours that look amazing on everyone!
I don't consider this a celebrity makeup line. I consider it a legit makeup line that happened to be created by a celebrity.
What lashes are you wearing? They are amazing!
Someone please tell me what brush she was using! 😹😹
Need this whole collection 😍
Your so pretty 😍
LOVE!!!!! Amyyy you are gorgeous!!!\n\nAny small youtubers wanna support each other? 💖💖💖💖💖 I will LIKE & SUBSCRIBE TOO.
Girlllll the gloss and highlight!! 😍😍
I thought the foundation shade u wore in the video was an exact match for you after it dried down. Maybe in person it looked off but on video that shit was ✔️✔️✔️✔️✅✅✅✅
Omg what lashes is she wearing??? 😍
perfect foundation shade yasss
I thought the foundation shade was perfect for your complexion. Also from other reviews most warm the concealer with their fingers and not rubbing directly on their skin. It looks good on you
Love your channel ❤️❤️
Fenty Beauty looked gorgeous on you!
The gloss....so good
You look great.  I am going to get some today
Girl you're trending
her eyes... wow
Your skin is flawless 😍
Hey babe, You're Trending!!
Hey what lashes are you wearing? Could you do a makeup look on your eyeshadow please
It looks good 😊
17:15
You are sooo stunning Amy 😍
favorite review by far! ❤️❤️
I feel like this was a pretty good review. Like I didnt get that kiss-ass- vibe. Seemed genuine. Thank you.
how does your self tanner look so good????? could you do a video girl
its very drying ... you look beautiful
Please do a tutorial on how u color your hair.
when you use your EOS program... do you notice how in your computer when looking at yourself everything looks mirrored? (Example: Touch your right eye in person it looks like you are touching your left eye on the computer) do you know how to fix that ??
You motivated me to start my own makeup channel ILY ! Keep it up love 😍🎥💕
I can't barely remember my phone number and you remembered like 7 different brands foundation shades of yours 😂😂
I sware your like the other me . Love this video so much Amy 💗
3 AM in the morning is a little redundant. lol
I guess were watchin diff reviews cause ive heard the foundation blows lol theres gonna be an army of cake facers walkin around lol
What shade should i get if i'm around NC20? :)
When you're outside do you have a filter on your camera?
I love the trending tab all makeup and celebs \n\n\n\nnot gaming or comedy
I just ordered this foundation for myself from all the reviews of fenty beauty foundations this foundation looks like it was made just for me, the most perfect one. I'm so excited to receive it.
Can you do a video of your favorite brushes for foundation, eyes etc? I'm trying to find a great foundation brush that doesn't leave texture/print on the skin after blending. Thanks!
We are the same shades! Get 240 :)
I just realized we use the same shade in Estee Lauder Double Wear! I knew it was Shell Beige but not the number of it. This is going to help me so much with your foundation reviews. I believe you're the only youtuber that matches me! Thanks girl!❤️❤️
hello anybody want to fry some eggs I am so dead Amy!!!
You should definitely buy the brushes their amazing!
Like hello anyone wanna get some eggs 😂
What's the brush you used to highlight?
i love love ur review thank u for sharing with us ❤
I also got shade 300 but i wanted a shade darker than myself (tanner), not too much that it looks weird though, anyways I feel like it looks a little orange on me so maybe I should go to 290 instead! On you it looks orange too I wouldn't say its darker so maybe we both should get shade 290! But I should say it is also the lighting where you filmed because when you were outside it looked just fine! \nps. I'm so happy I finally found someone who is the same shade as me haha :)
Tbh I think this foundation is AMAZING !!! I personally love it cuz I have supper oily skin and it held up for me all day.. I loveee how it looks on you. looks sooooo flawless <3 nice review overall tho ! would love to see a follow up with your shade
The gloss looks too sticky... i've noticed that on so many other people's videos as well like you can see the stringy-ness when opening and pressing your lips together to speak. That's the only thing from this collection i wouldn't purchase just because of that
Thank you! I can always count on u for foundation color since we're litterally the same foundation color in almost every product. And when I heard 300 I said yep that's what I was gnna get
What's on your nails???? Love it
I think Trophy Wife highlighter would've looked really nice on you.
OMH, literally every check in your skin looked AIRBRUSHED! SO amazing! I need this foundation in my life.
Is anybody an NC20 in Mac that can give me there shade in the fenty beauty foundation??
Idk if it's just me but it looks like the side you used Rihanna's sponge on, the foundation appeared a little lighter while the other side looked a little darker. But when you used the beauty blender on both sides, it looked good lol. The foundation looks great on you though.
Your video is on the TRENDING PAGE!!!! 🤙💋
This looks like a great video, but after you are done would you be kind enough to check out my new YouTube channel and give me some feedback? Maybe even subscribing? ;) https://youtu.be/BhQob6WW-TQ
Stunning like always ! Thank you for this really informative review !
You're one of my favorite YouTubers 😍❤️
The filter you used at the end was crazy
I just want to take this moment to tell you that you are so beautiful and articulate. I love how in depth you get on products. You're such a great YouTube. I love how down to earth and humble you are. Also your bare skin looks really good.
Not usually a commenter however I noticed on the last first impressions for foundation you did, people's in the comments kept saying how they wished you applied a lighter layer first and did a wear test. \nThough I don't agree, cause I'm all about that cake too girl! I think that you doing both of those things in the video just once again proves why you're videos are the best. Really listening to your viewers and giving us what we ask for. Reinforces that you're the most trust worthy guru <3
Thanks so much for sharing your shades in different brands. Really helps a lot!!!
It looked so smooth on your skin 😍😍😍😍
Am I crazy or did this fenty sponge eat half of your foundation? 😄
Now I have to buy the lipgloss🤣😍
I just got the gloss in yesterday, it's absolutely the most perfect color, super glossy and not goopy. You can wear it alone or top it off on any of your fav lippies.
I feel like you applied the contour/bronzer a lot better than most reviews I watched. Loved the idea of rubbing it on the brush first :) Since it does tug a bit on the face because of the waxy texture.
I like your vlog style check ins ❤️
Everything looks so stunning on you, you're making me want to put on a full face of Fenty Beauty again!
what shade would you reccomand if your golden sand in the loral true match?
So is the foundation worth it? I always wear estee lauder double wear but looking for something new to try.. what's the next best thing???? Hahaha
Even tho the shade dried darker your skin look FLAWLESS, girl!!! You just made Sephora take all my money 😩😩 love love love
THAT CREAM BRONZER LOOKS SOOO GOOD ON YOU! I kinda wanna try it now! I've never done cream bronzer.. hmmm
love your videos amy, as always ♥️♥️
I went to Sephora to mainly get the Fenty foundation,  but they're sold out of the 3 colors I could wear.  It was like Black Friday in there, crazy!  So I got the lipgloss and the \nhighlighter duo in Ginger Binge & Moscow Mule. I will eventually get the foundation
I bought the universal gloss bomb this past Saturday and I wear it every single day lol. It smells like watermelon jolly ranchers. That's the scent you were looking for lol. I applied it on my channel too. I love the shade on my lips so much ❤
She does not even need makeup
You look orange you need a way lighter color!
Will you just get on with it
Did you end up finding the right foundation colour?
the foundation matched the rest of your body, and the fenty blender application was so flawless...
I WAS HOPING YOU WERE GONNA TRY TROPHY WIFE 😭... PLEASE TRY IT
THANK YOU for saying your foundation shades in SO many foundations!!!! Biggest pet peeve is when youtubers don't mention the shade they buy in a foundation
The fenty sponge worked better...I noticed a difference in the application
We're about the same shade in MAC (I'm a NC35) and I wear a 250 in the foundation
Absolutely gorgeous🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
WHAT LASHES IS SHE WEARING
what brush did you use to highlight ???
Why have not ever subscribed to you, its a crime that i'm this late, you did a fantastic job.  I loved all the information you gave, I loved how you showed how to fix the problem.  You are very good at what you do.  Plus you are stunning with or without makeup.
Omg when you went to finish your make up your make up looks so good with the lashes. Looking bomb!
Yes please do a shade update!! I wear Too Faced Born this Way in Sand 😊 300 looked a lil too dark 😕
Maybe its drying dark because u added a second layer
How many times can one person say the word Smooth!!!!!!
i'm a nc24 in mac what shade should i get ?
It looks so pretty on you.
No hate, just seems that this makeup makes you look splotchy and dirty?  Anyone?
I love u Amy but make ur videos shorter they r way too long babe 😘🙏🏼
Super late but i love the quality of this video!
Are these the drugs turning the frickin frogs gay?!
Alex says McMaster is against Trump...\nNever warns Trump about him because McMaster is still in his position...amazing.\n\nWhy is it Alex says he knows all these things but doesn't contact the president?\n\nAlex: Mr. President I have undeniable evidence that McMaster is against you and you should consider his termination from his seat and fill it with someone who stands with you.\n\nTrump: Send that information to me, Alex. I will review it and think it over thoroughly.\n\nWhat gets me is Alex says he talks to the president but turns around and says he doesnt know if Trump has turned his back on the American People because of some information or another, whatever the situation at the time.\n\nIt gets old, just shoot it straight.\n\nWhat Alex should say if he does have contact with the president:\nI have contacted the president and this is our documentation of our conversation and what was said.\n\nWhat Alex should say if he doesn't have contact with the president:\nGuys, I don't have the ability to contact the President directly. We try to get as much information to him as possible, if he responds we will let you know.\n\nI'm just tired of the back and forth. I take everything that anyone says with a grain of salt these days when it comes to information.\n\n\nAlex: HEY THE PRESIDENT IS BEING DRUGGED\n*Does nothing to stop it even though he says he talks with the president*\n\nI can't help but call bullshit, nobody is doing anything about him being drugged even though Alex says it's happening. No call, no announcement, no significance, no effort, no move to stop it, nothing. Surely to God it would be top news amongst alternative independent news outlets.
he is such a psychopath and liar
When you slurp diet coke you are inviting cancer...it does not need anything else to destroy ones sytem, Fat Alex....one other thing....trump is a racist....keep slurping, Donny.
I believe it
Name one drug that has a  12 hour delayed effect ?  None. This is really Tier 1 bullshit.  But what would I know........... 27 years as a  FF medic.\n\nTrump is more likely,  suffering from early onset Dementia, which alone is a VERY scary prospect.
It actually makes sense if you think about it. Just gotta stay open minded, you sheeple.
everyone knows they drug presidents ...what? No we dont?
It's McMaster and Kelly killing our President. Can't somebody do something NOW?
😂😂😂😂
looks like they're trying to turn trump into pepe the frog
Alex is right.  They have been doing this to celebrities and politicians for a long time now.  It's no secret.
You've talked to people who have talked right to him. Yeah okay buddy lmao this guy really is fkin nuts. I could get killed, I wanna let this out before they shut the show off. Totally insane
You Americans are fucking idiots. \nThe whole world is laughing at you.
OUR POTUS isn't going anywhere!! AMERICA is becoming great again!! TRAITOROUS people BEWARE!!!
If only I could see Trump's face watching this. 😂
He's been sniffing a long time.  You know what Pastor Manning is saying about him
If someone is able to drug Trump, they would simply poison him on the spot.
self made does it count as self made when you've made a career out of mis-information and bullshit?
Woah, you people are unbelievable morons and a I love it. Keep the comedy up!
umb trump supporters. They in such a bad shape that they need an stupid conspiracy theory to explain the retarded president they elected.
Anybody who believes anything this lunatic says should be locked in the looney bin along with him.
I think he got  his sources wrong. Trump's incoherent rambling isn't the result of him drinking coke, it's the result of him doing coke.
Oh.... well ... lucky for us we have a drugged puppet for president .. TRUMP IS A PUTIN CUCK... BANNON IS A WORTHLESS ALCOHOLIC... ALEX YOUR A NUTBAG OF A WHOLE DIFFERENT COLOR... THIS IS A FAKE NEWS CHANNEL... DUMP TRUMP 2020... INFO WHORES IS A FUCKING JOKE...
Alex you are the biggest idiot in the world.  But only if you dismiss the idiots that listen to you.
Alex, my asshole give birth to an alien thing, you should interview it!
Everyone, here is a link to all our reps in D.C. Contact them and tell them to shut down israeli atrocities.\nhttps://www.house.gov/representatives/find
The enemy, like a crack cocaine fiend, seeks povver by Any Means Necessary.  If Trump comes in and cuts off the enemy's access to control, and he has in many vvays, they vvill do vvhatever it takes to put an end to him.     Even if these brazen demons aren't drugging Trump novv, it's just a matter of time until they try.  Fidel Castro, love him or hate him, survived many attempts on his life,  Jesus Christ, believe in Him or not, had many conspiracies to imprison and kill him before they finally got to him..  only tofind out that you can't kill the truth.    There has alvvays been human beings acting like Snakes in The Grass.. Satan, take it as truth or fiction or metaphor, vvas the original Snake in the grass...and there vvill be many more snakes in the grass to come..     Distrust and caution are the parents of security.  Benjamin Franklin.    Be vigilant my fellovv Americans, The snakes are here.. lying in the shadovvs vvaiting to strike...  and they are poised against you because you are Righteous.  Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Instead, fear the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell.
People need to realise that this is the political commentary version of WWE. Once you understand this, you'll really enjoy it more. It really is fantastic! Thanks for another great show.
isn't this technically slander? I mean it's nuts for sure but isn't it legally slander?
I am worried because these are bad people that killed Chris Cornell and are paying Antifa and other groups to make blacks and whites to fight with each other while I want blacks and whites to unite in peace with each other.
Trump needs to never touch diet pop. Even pregnsnt women are told stay away from aspartame. Maybe he is allergic to aspartame. I know Trump watches u so lets make sure he opens his drinks himself and cleans the lid off
We need to get Jesse Ventura involved.....Alex keep the faith man.....we will prevail
I'm sure this guy is a plant this kind of thing discredits all the work intelligent people have done. Oh a don't forget to buy the crap that makes you more manly at the end🤡
Jesus? Is America THAT twisted? WOW!
What's next? An assasination attempt?
Alzheimer's Disease is a progressive, degenerative disease that attacks the brain and results in impaired memory, thinking and behavior. Symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease include a gradual memory loss, decline in ability to perform routine tasks, disorientation in time and space, impairment of judgment, personality change, difficulty in learning, and loss of language and communication skills.
This i dont belive, how would you know from a source , why xoesnt the source tell trump
Trump should drink Alexapure, to purify the body of the poison
>People like Clooney who has everything because of his billionaire parents\n\nLike Trump and his parents?\n\n>People are soo sick of empty low IQ who can't read of a prompter\n\n\nLike Trump and his inability to give the coherent speech they put on the prompter?
The best reason yet to impeach Trump, he is letting people drug him, and he is too stupid to notice, right!!!!
What a load of Bullshit
Alex & Roger what can we do, and how can I help. We can not let this happen to our President. I'm got a pit in my stomach and sick to my stomach.
need start showing us hard evidence, a lot of crazy talk . For years !! Seeing is believing
Have to say the thing about W is very interesting. I saw an pre election debate with he and gore and he was sharp as a razor, this is W I'm taking about. He tore gore up. I was used to the bumbling dumb ass one from years later, you know fool me once W.
I thought he was just fucking stupid ???? Drugs are you sure I think he's just thick !!!
this is 100% true i've been saying the same thing for years now
? fake news ? how is it that you know, but our president doesn't ? Hard to believe that the president is unaware.  If this is happening then do something about it - why tell us, take action.
At least drugs would explain some of the fucked up shit he says
I checked that CNN analyst, just to see if he really was stupid enough to brag about government officials in the USA plotting to assassinate our POTUS....and he really did! Tapper tries to sweep his threats under the carpet, but the analyst is so cocky about POTUS Trump being killed, he goes on to explain why the US government officials WILL assassinate the POTUS: because Trump hurt their feelings! Time to start locking people up on treason and conspiracy to commit murder charges!
How long did Alex train to get his WWE voice?
😂😂😂more excuses for when he fires Mueller and gets impeached
lmfao and you people try to claim that mainstream media is fake
So Alex, you got what you wished for. You wanted Reince Priebus out and now that he is gone look at where things are. You wanted President Trump to stop getting advice from Jarred and Ivanka, now they don't get to see President Trump. Are you happy you got what you wanted Alex?
Oh Alex, is this your excuse for when Trump actually got into office he started to behave just like all the other (s)elected US presidents? Are you saying that all his backtracks on foreign policy are because he's being drugged through his favorite beverages? \n\nCause it must be some powerful stuff if it makes you sell arms to brutal regimes, illegally bomb nations and generally do a 180 on all the promises made in the run up to the election. \n\nAlex you are controlled opposition; maybe not always but somewhere down the line they turned you and this has been painfully evident in the recent months.
Hilarious. Keep up the good work Alex!
Or, maybe it is an intense job, he is old and thus, is getting tired? Just a thought!
loosing credibility....
lmao this is comedy gold
03:24 Clooney gets his boner shined and polished daily by the hottest model in Europe, then he has lunch on the shores of Lake Como. What a fucking loser. Who's coming over for bonghits? Brad Pitt? Yeah tell Brad Pitt he's going to visit a loser.
If your aware that this happened at all I believe our President would be making arrests as this is direct threat to him, his family and our country.
I do not doubt that is going on. Trump needs to go on offensive and fire all the POS's around him.
put him in an institution allready
OK what proof is there?
Trump is not capable of purging the white house and the rest of the government.
Ok, even for Alex this is just bat shit crazy. You mind telling us about those people who tell you these things? Because this is ridiculess even for you right now Alex
Alex has lost it long ago..  Most presidents get drugged.  wtf?
AJ...  Did you not know that there are 2  Trumps???    One in the red tie and one in the blue....    Hint...On the night of the Election...that man who was with the Trump Family was not the real one....   wink wink.....
Okay lets follow this logic.... if presidents are being drugged then why did Obama's mind stay so sharp? Oh that's right because you're full of it and America's presidents follow a pendulum from term to term, smart to simple, smart to simple....
This kind of crap is why I prefer to watch Brain Fight with Tuck Buckford
Where is the followup show with the big reveal??
Britta everyone... Britta - problem solved.
15:05
Does he mean Mao Zedong?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
ya its called caffine
😂😂😂 you paranoid idiot
Info Wars on YouTube trending??
https://www.yahoo.com/news/don-apos-t-loud-trump-154400140.html ?
Alex u sexy motherfucker
diet coke + slurred speech = wiskey poison
TRUMPS SUCKS IDIOTS
Click Bait Asshole
This fucking guy
Diet Coke contains Aspartame, a known brain toxin.
Side shows...
Alex knows so much about drugs. Unhinged freak.
1.6 billion jobs wtf
I really hope Trumps sees this and acts to save his own life.
You know I have had it with the stupid shit
Get this disgusting lying sack of screaming lard of the trending page. Wtf
This is trending in the U.K., I'm dead 😂
Is this a joke? I'm not american this video seems insane to me
STOP boning your daughter Mr President! Lose weight Alex lol! Both of you, GROW BRAINS!!!!
I'm done laughing at this man's insanity...
Guy looks like he should be on the Diet Coke, he's certainly got the drugs part sorted as he's definitely high the garbage he talking. George Clooney is a loser ha ha ha I stopped at that. Wacko. Then he said  they put a light on me at nbc ha ha ha prob right on his bald fat  head
Globalist internet sockpuppets attacking infowars on every video, they even impersonate to make Infowars / Trump supporters look bad, paid protestors for the internet. Read the internet sockpuppet wiki page. Though there are some genuine oblivious, pretentious, deceived, naive, idiot leftists / anti-Trumpers.
Mental.
I don't know about the President being drugged but Alex is definitely on meth.
I'm sorry, but if you believe this crazy jackass you're simply fucking retarded. I really do feel sorry for you brain dead assholes.
He speaks for all of us...
Larry David is an america hating jew bastard.
1:07 Larry gives a shit bow lol
i need this
Jew Box Hero.
0:58 FUNKMAN!!
All i can see is Bernie being an asshole and I love it.
The picture quality looks Amazing!
I love watching that show Larry David is funny as Hell
Alert Alert Alert Jew overload! I can't wait.
I hope people aren't too offended nowadays for his wonderful style of humor.
Seeing Richard Lewis back just made me smile and feel warm inside. That man is so good for the show.
Whoa. Insight to what I was afraid of. Looks like he went over the top with his Larry David persona and is going to taint the reputation of the originl Curb, Fingers crossed this was just a cut of the dumb stuff though.
My baby is back!!
Haha! Lady sprays Larry with perfume.\n\nLarry: Fuck! \nAnd shoves her to the floor. Classic!
omg I lost my shit when Leon said he still fucking won!
Is it just me, or does Larry seem like an even bigger dick in this season?
You can't go home again.  It looks like he's trying too hard.
So worth the wait.
Something is off
I can so relate to that last bit. When couples tongue each other in front of me I really want to just say Can you just take that shit somewhere else
One of the two finest and best comedy shows of all time. Of course the other one is Seinfeld.\nCannot wait to watch the new season. \n\nBig fan from Saudi Arabia.
I was in a hot dog eating contest..and I was constipated...and I fucking won!
I hope he keeps doing this for years, it's just going to get funnier the older he gets.
the change in camera quality is throwing me off
god bless larry david for bringing a new season hope season 9 isnt the end of it.
Thank the Gods. The Golden God. Larry has returned to us like the crashing of a thousand waves.
Larry David is so fucking funny!!
subscribe and view my videos !!!! :) <3
If I see u on my bus again...
Anyone know how I can watch this in the UK without waiting for bloody ages?
YOU GOT LONG BALLS LARRY
The world is in the death knell of a nuclear circle firing squad and this guy steps into the center to do his haha schtick ?
The best comedy show ever...pretty pretty pretty awesome 😂
God knows how long I have been waiting for this. Just air them already!
17 years since the show premiered and we still can't watch re-runs on TV.   A-holes.
I've never seen this show but if this means more memes yeah
Seriously, I thought most of these people had died already.
I'm allowed to be happy for this, but not in front of Larry! And only mild laughter.
NOTICE LARRY IS GETTING ANGRIER AND ANGRIER AS THE YEARS GO BYE, JUST LIKE ME
1:08\n\nWas that a shit bow?
nick-picky observation I know, but I saw the mattress/airbed he landed on at 1:09
His shit is kind of getting old and worn out.
You know what was great about this trailer? It hyped me up for the show without giving away any spoilers, a basic promotional technique that most trailers today have forgotten how to use.
i've never seen this show but just from this trailer it looks pretty damn funny
...do you like a chip and a dip?
I am so excite for your returning, Lawrence!! I hope to perhaps edit this New Season and sneak my Face and Torso inside it!!
Larry David is up there with Sigmund Freud ,Einstein, Nabakov and Jesus in my best Jews ever list. Last time I was this pleased with developments my wife told me she was pregnant. Fucking Marvellous.
Huge fan of LD we both share the same bday July 2nd plus his show funny af😂😂😂😂😂can't wait
I came for the curb and left
If the previous seasons were even a bit scripted, this one is alltogether... And I doubt the previous ones werent
you're allowed to be happy but uh... not infront of me...
Omg, I love this show! can't wait. I desperately need to laugh!
What kind of stain was it?  True comedy is back!!!!
If Larry shaved his head he'd look like Patrick Stewart.
Omg cant wait! Its finally here!! I've waited so long for this
Return of the high-functioning sociopath - makes a nice change from the low-functioning one in The White House.
Is that Michael Fassbender at 1:13 ?
anyone seen the leaked episodes from this season and how were they compared to the older seasons? don't think i wanna spoil it as there only seems to be the second, third and fourth ones available..
117 people don't respect wood.
Mankind's greatest creation is Larry David.
CANT WAITTTTTT
0:53 ROTFL
Yes! Yes!
BUM BUM BUM BA BADA BADA BADA BADA BADA BADA BADA REE BONK
heee is baaaaack
YES
F ing Larry David ..lmao
132 shmohawks disliked this video
hopefully more political incorrectness and less sjw pandering.
Sanders/David 2020
Alright!
The meme. The myth. The legend
Love, love, love this show..yes!!
Looks pretty... pretty... pretty good
Leon 🤣
YESSS FINALLLYYY
Awful show. Larry David is repulsive.
wow...........he looks really, really old!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my favorite bald ,avuncular Jew
Walter white
Fucking Finally
nice
Is that Michael Fassbender @1:12?
Fucking Jew piece of shit
Larry fukin David. Enjoy your millions while you can, you unfunny prick
YEAHHH!!!!! I miss that crazy loon!
Bingoooooooo!!! Can't wait :)
Oh God oh God oh God hes back!
Genius comedian
Cranston as Larry's therapist?!!!!!
shit bow at 1:08
CAN'T WAIT !!!!
FUNK MAN!!!! LOL
This is a blessing(and a paycheck) Larry. Look at it this way, nobody stays up and watches SNL any more so it's just a wasted cameo. And at CYE, nobody ask if you are a Racist, NAZI or Klansman, at least not to your face. And Baldwin is on a losing streak and needs the money to keep his wife's tennis coach employed. But if it means that much to you, Bernie might run again in 2020 but of course we know Hillary will be running so it will be another short run for Bernie and you'd be out on the street again. At least at CYE you've got a check.
I have bought HBO every year for many many years now I am done with you liberal pieces of shit fuck you and fuck your network and fuck all you America haters not buying another fucking product from Hollywood. I'll guarantee you're going to lose so much fucking money and you assholes will never win another election trust me
They're all really showing their ages now.
Funny show. But undoubtedly neo-liberal propaganda.
Weak meme
Could do withOUT JB Smoove. Not funny. Anyone can throw out a string of 4 letter words. His character is boring and adds nothing to the show.
This is the last of the three trial Basics videos! This pushed my quick-explanation skills to the limit, but I figure that slow down the video and replay if necessary is better than let people get bored...
This takes me back to uni, heh. I'd actually forgotten everything about Huffman Coding except how it looks and its purpose. Cheers!
Considering this is Binary, I wonder what we could achieve if we could accurately read/write halves, quarter, 1/8ths of a charge.  \nPerhaps unlike quantum computers, with as much accuracy and speed of current hardware.  \nCould we be even more sloppy with our implementation than the 8-bit encoding?
No need to make Unicode seem more complex than it is. The ascii characters have the same code points in Unicode. Unicode just gives you more including characters for other languages. Could just say they are stored as extended sequences which in UTF-8, they are.
I've always wondered how this works, this is amazing!
this feels like something quantum computers could speed up, i dont know though it just seems like it
That's a numberwang!.. Oh wait, nice explanation.
0:54 Worms ahahahah I see what you did there
Hi Tom, thanks for these! We spoke a while back about doing some videos like this for GCSE Computer Science students, this is perfect. Hope the trial goes well and you fancy doing some more :-)
haHA!!! Worms. I don't get it?
Love it when a youtube video makes me feell like I lerned something. Tbank you, Tom
sending the wrong WORMS  haha , I see what you dis there !
great video!  I have been wondering this for quite a while (but been too lasy to look it up ...)
I thought it was: take the most common words, assign a brand new character to each of them, and insert whenever that character comes up.
@0:52 haha send the wrong worms? nice one!
Really amazing video quality. Something very different this time. I love your channel...
What is the work joke? I don't get it
This channel deserves way more subscribers. People would actually be doing humanity a favor by watching Scott's videos...
Instead of words he said worms
Nice, Simple, Effective!! As always!!
what about middle out compression?
Hoffman ripped off Euclid but a search tree is a elemtry algorithm
I made a program that does this and I went from the original being 29544 bits and the compressed being 21008 bits. That is 71% the original size.
Great as always, Tom
Arithmetic encoding can compress text even more than Huffman coding, but not if each symbol is encoded separately.
You should get LBRY and upload your videos there! :)
Useful information. I definitely learned something today. Thanks!
i expected better research from this channel. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is Will Smith's magnum opus.
WE WANT MORE!! doesnt have to be basic but just MOOORRRREE
I'm sorry, but Wild Wild West is not Will Smith's Magnum Opus. Everyone knows that's Summertime.
What do you have against Will Smith?
So cool! Would love to see one with a breakdown about zip files.
3:30 – *Finally* , after three and a half minute of blah, blah, blah!! Now, *TELL IT!!!!*
'worms' see what you did there
So is the tree itself somehow stored in the file? What's the syntax of that?
That's a great idea!
Loved this. I was wondering where the other 2 episodes were but turns out I've accidentally already seen them. Love you Tom! Keep up the good stuff x
great series Tom. keep them coming !!!
.otherwise you end up sending the wrong worms... haha very good.
A basics video with two machines who you programmed in 'basic'. Brilliant.
This was so interesting and good. Wanted it to keep going!
The lossy compression bit was brilliant. Making it look compressed at the right time.
I, too, hate it when I end up sending the wrong worms.
... send the wrong worms. Ha! I see what you did there!
And I can apply Huffman to save the Huffman tree, and the Huffman code, or again. So actually  we are just trading space for work, right? Or storing information into work? That's cool. Maybe it's what the universe is doing right now, unveiling its stored  Huffman code through chemical reactions.
Yeah, cool stuff. I'll just keep using my golang gzip/(whatever your preference is) library since I'm trusting scientists to do this for me. Seriously, I'm too busy actually building things irl to re-invent the wheel just for fun.
I wrote a full on huffman compressor for fun once. I was disappointed that it only yielded about, like you see here, 30% compression (leaving 70% the original size.) I figured I did something wrong.
I read the thumbnail as “How Computers Computers Text”
As usual, darned fascinating! Please continue with the series. I know _some_ stuff but I'm learning lots!
Always wanted to say that I love your voice, Tom. This is actually the reason why I subbed.
Can we please get into foreign characters?
You should keep doing this kind of videos, it was enjoyable and really informative - don't get me wrong I always learn something from your vids, but this was one of a kind-
I love this channel so much
Tom, thank you for reminding mr how good Youtube can be.
Cnt u leve out ltrs nd jst hve a way to ad thm in at th end? So long as ech wrd is uniq or has cntxt clus?
Wow I can hear the buzz from the old monitors that's funny
This guy is vsauce IT edition
Now i understand why windows have 64 bits and 32 bits.. \nwow thanks sir!! :D\nEdit: by that i mean\n64^64 or 32^32 bits \nRight? :)
where did you get two working BBC model B computers? - haven't see one for a couple of decades
I love you and your vimeos.
xz -9ev some_huge_file.txt  (now let's wait a few days)
0:50 Otherwise you wind up sending the wrong worms\nI see whatcha did thar...
Next vid will be intermediate and cover zip files.\n\nThe way you explain things makes everything easy to understand!
So you're telling me Will Smith *wasn't* rapping about the Wild Wild West wiki I'm sure exists about that movie?
This one of only two things I remember from my programming module - the other is a habit of typing both the open and close brackets at the same time.
i think i understood that...
I like the series
If you break in to house and steal cold cuts out of fridge are you then a hamburglar
You missed range and arithmetic encoding :-)
Nice job with this...
Tom! This video leaves me wanting for so much more!!
now do GZIP/7z/RAR... jpg/png/bmp... mp3/wav/ogg... i gots to know
what ya gonna do when you hit 1mill subs?\nPS really love the series
Can't wait for the video on zip files :)
Or as it's known today; Huffcod.
I feel like an expert
I hate it when I send the wrong worms
I love this series. If you decide to continue, I would be very much for it!
These series are great, Tom. You have a knack for explaining complicated concepts intuitively without losing what's important. Do you use any unconventional techniques for understanding the concepts deeply enough to capture the gist of them like this? My current strategy is reading and trying to incorporate the concept in my current knowledge base, but it usually takes 2-3 readings to do.
I know about this stuff already but still watch it because Tom Scott is a good lad
This is magic. I've just finished my text compression algorithm in C++ the day before yesterday, and this video was uploaded. I feel I'm being observed.
cool story bro, gotta split mid video to go watch the will smith music video
Ha! a love the send the wrong worms :-)
Awesome presentation....inspired by you...I am an IT engineer...:wanna start my tech channel too after viewing your video and fan base....wish me good luck ☺️☺️☺️
0:50 ...sending the wrong *worms*  I see what you did there =D
Why can't I give you 5 likes for this video :-(
THANK YOU TOM SCOTT!! I have wondered how compression like this worked for the better part of a decade, and I've even put a decent amount of time into researching it, but it never clicked until this video.  You have the best content on this entire platform, both in subject matter and quality.
0:45,Who else checked if the quality was on 144p?
I was always wondering about this. Could you also make an advanced version please?
This is essentially how I assumed compression worked, but I'm glad I have the verification now
Laughed too hard at the worms/words pun! Too funny
sending the wrong worm haha
Do zip files now!
Wah Huffman Coding is so clever...
the wrong worms 😂
Damn Tom, number 23 on trending. Grats!!
Please Remove Background Noise
That was interesting 👍
Nobody seems to be addressing the elephant 🐘: how is the tree stored and how is it read?
Why no advanced videos on Computers?  I already read about all this stuff.
Glad to see this video back up on here. Enjoy!
With the first pick of the 2017 NFL Draft, The Cleveland Browns select...Bobby Boucher.
MAMA I GOT THE FOOTBALL I GOT THE FOOTBALL! *Guy comes out of nowhere and creams him*
2:37 it's official Bobby is Taylor second coming....watcha you think Thiesman?
This is what i do
Waterboy, overall: 99
Imagine if Bobby Boucher facing Tom Brady or Aaron Rodgers
Gaaaatoraaadde.\nH20!\nGaaatoraaadde.\nH20!\nWATER SUCKS! IT REALLY REALLY SUCKS! WATER SUCKS! IT REALLY REALLY SUUUUUCKS!
5:05 He's feelin that throw
Shit is so funny
Why didn't the Bucs ever draft Bobby Boucher?
You're drinking the wrong water.
Kam's hits are better ;)
Lol, favorite scene is the Oh god, please don't hurt me Haha
The one at 2:14 kills me 😂
REEEEE
The screams 😂😂😭
power bomb compliment of captain insano 😂😂
2:15 that would had been a flag in the NFL
3:34 my favorite one
You sound like a big choo-choo train
H2O
No what?
1:48
NEEDLE DICK, NEEDLE DICK, NEEDLE DICK
Saban real face when he lost the national championship
They didn't put when his mom hit the dad😂💪🏼
water sucks it really really sucks Im dying
does anyone know the song that plays during Adam Sandlers tackling scene
Water sucks! It really really sucks!\nNo... You don't mean that!\nYou're bad people!
Gatorade h2o gatorade h2o water sucks it really really sucks
damn 240p is one hell of a drug
Time to open some whoop ass lol 
Good luck to you on the field sir.\n\nI'LL BE PLAYIN' WITH YO' MAMMA TONIGHT!\n\n...62. lol
WOOOOOOO WOOOOO WOOOOO Sound like a huge cho cho face
Bobby Boucher couldn't play anymore lol
Adam Sandler's best movie in my opinion.
I felt so sad I literally cried because of the character. he never had the chance to be eduxated
There's a lot of pain and shame in those eyes...
you're drinking the wrong water!
So Bobby autisticly screeches?
My fave movie
you thound like a bwig choo choo twain....
Gaaaaaatoraaadeeeeee
NEEDLE DICK! NEEDLE DICK! NEEDLE DICK!
REEEEEEEEEEEEE
I don't know what's better, the way he tackle em down or the noise he makes before. It's like comparing a hornet's buzzing to the actual sting, which is scarier.
2:14 😂😂😂😂
5:05 I snorted so hard XD
I know this isn't legit but seriously Bobby?! You would tackle your mother for your girlfriend because she said she was the Devil!
Momma I got the football
You sound like a bwig choow choow train
The only thing i don't like about this movie. Having Bobby throw the final touchdown. It was never established that he could throw the ball, so why would couch Klein have him do that? The final play should have been him running the ball and knocking down defenders toward the endzone.
ITS BECAUSE THEY DIDNT HOLD ANYTHING BACK
0:19 No \nNo what\nyahhhhhhhh that got to hurt😬
I love how he killed colonel sanders
You forgot the one where his mom hits his dad at the end
The nipple grab at the end kills me everytime lmao
1:11 I have to confess, if I was a quarterback and I saw one of the opposing team members basically having a psychotic break in the lead-up to a play, _I would probably be fairly concerned_.
2 years out of high school, i forgot how fun football looked as the lineman
GATeraaaaaaaaaade
When you hear Bobby scream REEEEEEEE! Nothing can save you.
His fucking scream lmao
Lmao!!!! why does Bobby screams like muscle man from regular show when he sequels like that.
That was the real one handed catch not ODB's.
DAMNNNNN
Most of these tackles would be illegal in today's NFL (No Fun League)
Whussa matta' wit'chu bo-ay, are you to STU-(flaps lips for a second)-STUPID to do what yer coach tells ya? HYEH-HYEH-HYEH-HYEH-!!!\n\nNO!\n\n...no what? lol
She's not the devil. She's the most beautiful woman in the world.\nI never said she was the devil!!\nShe's the most beautiful woman in the world!!\nOh God!! Please don't hurt me!!\nlol. That prick was scared shitless.
the moment Bobby screams REEEEEEEEE!!!! it's over
Water sucks! it really really sucks! Water sucks! it really really sucks sucks Sucks!
MY LEG!
213 damm
2:38 Ah my leg! Lmao 😂
I seriously lose it when he visualizes the QB. NEEDLE DICK NEEDLE DICK NEEDLE DICK \nXD
to  bad  in the NFL we have now theirs no dropkicks and no powerbombs
If i was playing football and I was QB on the sidelines see tackling my teammates like he was I just go back to locker room because there no in hell I'm going to play against some having mental problems on the flied especially if talking to himself pacing back and forth
Gatorade...H2o....Gatorade...you bad people...water sucks it really sucks
0:56 let the pain montage begin and seriously this quarterback needs to start looking around he gets blind sided way too much .
Needle dick needle dick needle dick
There's gotta be a lot of pain and shame in those eyes 😅😅😅
2:13  That was hilarious!!
GATTTOORAIIIID!!!!
The real kam chancellor
The Choo Choo Train bit has me in fucking stitches every time!!
I love my mo mo moma now you no
NEEEEIIIUEGHH
No!! No wat!!
bobby sucks he's blocking eleglely
They forgot about when Bobby's mom tackled his dad...
Guilty pleasure movie for me.
I Love that movie as well because its funny and super crack up
they need to remake this film in2017
Power Bomb. Curtsey of Captain Insaneno
watching the spiketv version they cut the inappropriate shit out and it was noticeable
The Waterboy Movie Is My Favorite Movie,Of All Time So Is Smokey N The Bandit 1-2-3-. Bobby Boucher  Let His Angrer Out By Playing FootBall For The Mud-Dogs FootBall Team.. The Mud-Dogs FootBall Team Won The Bourbon Bowl They Beat The Louisiana Cougars Collage FootBall Team.. Bobby Boucher Said  Coach Klein You Got You're Man Hood..You Got You're Man Hood..I Have The Waterboy On DVD..
stawp makin fun of me
water sucks it really really sucks
Coach: Gatorade, Bobby Boucher: H2O, Coach: Gatorade, Bobby Boucher: H2O Coaches: WATER SUCKS IT REALLY REALLY SUCKS THE WATER SUCKS IT REALLY SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS
happy gilmore, water boy, and billy madison are the best comedy movies
Funny how ESPN conveniently left off Max K.'s comment  (which was the very next thing said) calling out the country and the NFL's racism.
And of course ESPN does not upload Max's LEGENDARY rant during this segment..... or let anyone else upload it
Who cares...what does him getting hired do to help anything
Stephen A Smith is so phony he was just last week he was criticizing Kaepernick and his girl
i went to a predominately black school. ripped books?? How about smashed toilets, spray paint everywhere, overrun with drugs etc etc etc. Black youth DO NOT want to learn. Thats for pussies. They want to excel at being a Thug!  Male and female alike. Never have one race been given so much, for so long, with no prosperity except for rappers and sports stars. In 30 yrs. Mexicans and Asians are buying houses, cars, owning businesses and prospering.  In 200 years, Blacks are back peddling.Just sad:(((
Why wont they play Max Kellerman's take on the subject..???\nPerhaps they do not want other white to gravitate to his assessment....\n\nH~
I love how intelligent and factual snoop is. Considering him smoking a quarter ounce before the show 😂😂
Listen up kids, just don`t kneel during the national anthem ...period!
The 1 thing that these fake sports networks refuse to ask is, Why didnt CK protest the year they went to the Superbowl?  Wasnt there police brutality then? The question everyone should be asking is , is CK using racsim to stay relevant?  When CK had all those endorsements during the pinnacle of his career,  wasnt there racism and police brutality going on? If CK wouldve protested the year he went to the SB, it wouldve been more impactful for a star on the rise to make a stance but this shitbag waits until Harbaughs gone and once he starts to become irrelevant and nolonger had the sponsors , then he comes out with his protest. These billionaires arent stupid.  They know exactly what hes doing. When the lights were bright and when he had the world by the balls he kept his mouth shut. But the moment he loses his job, hes protesting about things hes never experienced.  Timing is everything and CK is a fraud using racism to stay relevant
So we're not gonna show the best part, Max preachin' the truth?
If Kaep's receivers were 8 feet tall and could reach overthrown passes, or under 5 feet tall and could scoop up dirt balls at their feet, he'd rank in the top 5 QBS of all time.
Reading Calvin Snoop Dogg Broadus Jr.'s biography and music art, I learned much like Tupac and untold numbers of American urban story-TRUTH-tellers, Calvin composes music vividly describing America's current National HEALTH CRISIS, aka America's Culture of African American Child Abuse, Emotional Neglect and Maltreatment that evolved from America's multi-generational, ignorant, once legal Culture of Racism!\n\nReading Calvin's art I learned he composes music HATEFULLY demeaning and denigrating black or African American teen girls and women, aka the MATERNAL HALF of America's black or African American population, as less than human *itches and hoes unworthy of basic human respect. \n\nReading Calvin's art I learned much like Mr. Barack My Brother's Keeper Obama WH guests and friends urban TRUTH-tellers Kendrick Lamar and Nasir Nas Jones, Calvin composes music vividly describing the VIOLENT, SUIC!DAL, HOMIC!DAL people and community harming behaviors he engaged in, or witnessed his emotionally ill friends and other community members engaging in.\n\nFrankly, after learning of Calvin Snoop Dogg Broadus Jr.'s potentially life scarring childhood and teen upbringing, I have no doubts what-so-ever Snoop Dogg (born 1971) is one of COUNTLESS “EVERYONE(s)” the late popular American urban story-TRUTH-teller Tupac Shakur (born 1971) is speaking about in his (often misinterpreted) #THUGLIFE Child Abuse, Emotional Neglect, Abandonment and Maltreatment *AWARENESS* concept!!!\n\nThe Hate U Give Little Infants Fvvks *EVERYONE* ~Tupac Shakur\n\n“We need more people who care; you know what I’m saying? We need more women, mothers, fathers, we need more of that…” ~Tupac Shakur\n\nIn case there is any confusion, I am writing about and sharing evidence of America’s MUCH IGNORED, oppressive, potentially life scarring African American *PARENTAL CHILD CARE* HEALTH CRISIS that I, as well as a growing number of my reasonably responsible, caring, concerned American and foreign born neighbors believe is impeding our American neighbors of African descent from experiencing the equality and respect all peaceful, reasonably responsible Americans are entitled to enjoy.\n\nPeace.\n___\nAmerican *(Children's)* Lives Matter; Take Pride In Parenting; End Our National Health Crisis; Child Abuse and Neglect; End Community Violence/Fear, Police Anxiety & Educator's Frustrations\n\nTagged: #JamylaBolden, #TyshawnLee, #KingstonFrazier, #AvaCastillo, #JulieDombo, #FredrikaAllen, #EthanAli, #LavontayWhite, #NovaMarieGallman, #AyannaAllen, #TrinityGay, #THUGLIFE >>>REMEDY>>> #AFRECAN\n\n*America’s Firm Resolve to End Childhood Abuse and Neglect”*
lol man makes a point that this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave ......until i blieve it is the land of the free and home of the brave will i not stand for teh natl anthem.......lmfao. IM sorry which triggered bitches on which sides of the spectrum want to make more of it lmfao...........pls project all problems in life into the issue as apparently there is more to look into.....oh people that have the right to pass on this guy did......and now its coming into question???????????really in question? or the issue of indifference and  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave that is really being brought up again due to it selling quite well in our climate........its ok im sure colin is the only one that believes  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave triggered salt bitches come here to shit on him as a safe space i guess........bc  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave is apparently a view only held buy 1 guy enough to equate to 1/2 the country hating him.........for some reason bc  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave is only a thought held by 1 american apparently  lmfao. meanwhile i await the signs of a one world govt/globalized army etc....that is free to commit world wide atrocity with little to no opposition taxing and enslaving the world on a global scale yeah w.e. Hegemons got a far wider scope than the typical laymen looking at the world through a straw while breathing through the same straw. lmfao keep projecting that its colin thats the problem and in reality this 50% thats not exactly or literally 50% of our population but the deplorables that projects their hatered to the remaining population onto colin lmfao.....and every other object that the hegemons put in front of you to scare you into your next panicked act or impulse.....lmfao you fools cant even choose your own choices or decide or rationalize anything you merely look to your decision makers to do as the hegmonds intend for the proletariat god damn
It's all the backlash and constant questions the team would get if he was picked up by a team. That and they would lose a little money. That's from the fans not understanding and/or not caring about what's going on with the uncalled for killings and brutality from police against blacks and no consequences for it. Too hard to see through the lens of another person and being closed minded. For some it's just racism. Teams don't want to take the chance of sacrificing their comfort zone or likelihood of the franchise. So for those who say why then just move? Shouldn't have to, he was born here and ancestors had a BIG stake in building this country for shit. He opted out but he's good enough to be at least a backup somewhere.
An AIDS infected Male slut, and a Pot head druggy that promotes Black youth to drugs and a life of crime! Yeah, we want their advice! Lol! On a racist Black loser QB that hates Blacks as much the KKK does! 😂! \n\nNot one of the three live in a black neighborhood!!!\n\nThis is hilarious!! You can't write this type or ignorance!! I love it! Daytime drama! As The Race Card Turns!!!!
Season already kicked off and still no Colin lol
Are y'all blind. He  got benched as a back up quarterback way BEFORE he starting kneeling. Why don't anyone remember this? He underperformed during practices WAY BEFORE he starting kneeling during  the anthem. So please.....lets cut the BULL CRAP AND THE FAKE HYSTERIA.
lol snoop says teams need someone like Kap that will help you win right now.. Kap's had a losing record the last two years in a row, he's a trash qb and too much of a liability
Same happened to Mahmoud Abdul Rauf in the NBA
a black athlete that kids might look up to is in the media for standing up for social issues and using his own money and time to help others!?!?!?!?! GOD FORBID
Kap is getting what he deserves the NFL is doing the right thing
I'm done with ESPN. Its become too political for my liking. Having Snoop Dogg on the panel is not appropriate. Goodbye
probably the first time, I heard snoop talk without saying bitches and hoes..
Only difference is backup QB's are not asking for millions of dollars. Fuck Kap, He's trash and needs to just focus on his black panther bullshit..Lol
It's crazy looking at snoop now compared to the death row days 😂
Snoop look like he got stone 3-5 hours before he got on the show...
snoop and magic, I don't think they're could possibly be a cooler panel
Kap should do like Terelle Pryor and switch to wide receiver
We have a pussy grabbing lying racist as president, but Kaep is being vilified for protesting.
Help a team win????? Hello helped the niners win one game out of eleven with his 1-10 record last year.
For fucking Christ's sake, COLIN HAS NOT DONE ANYTHING BUT WEAR A FUCKING TSHIRT, AN AFRO, AND TAKE A KNEE!!!! It's not like he is out brandishing a weapon at civilians! What is so wrong behind that?
Kaepernick will not buck dance ok back down. I support Kaepernick 100 %
Why doesn't he just go to the CFL then?? LOL
Conservatives get black balled in Hollywood all the time for their beliefs. So whats so special about Kaepernick getting black balled in the NFL? ESPN employs BLM activists instead of sportcasters to pump out white hate and Kaepernick supports that. Let him go work at ESPN and join the club.\nJust because you can throw a ball does not mean your owed a job in the NFL. You think Kaepernick is the only one who has more skill then some in the NFL? If you apply at my work and I don't like you, I should still be forced to hire you? F that.
What happened to the very next comment, made by Max Kellerman, ESPN? Didn't want anyone to hear that again, huh?
Love these guys (except for max) but talking aboit bads schools and bools being torn. Magic has clearly never been a teacher. The kids r awful, they r the ones tearing the books.
Snoop probably went to ESPN high af😂😂
That's y we NEED MORE BLACK OWNERS!
Yea this is what we needed,nigga that has aids to talk about black problems...whats next??Magic johnson faggot tranny son will come to the show to speak  about tranny lives? Snoop Dog like 60 year old stil reps crip gang and killed innocent men and they not put him in jail...yeah these are the voices black peoples needs to listen...some aids dude that has tranny son,and some 60 year old nigga still acting like he gangbanger
Snoop needs to be a regular on this show. I'd rather have his real opinions on things than hear Will Cain try to analytically dissect and disagree with everything SAS and Max say. Would put a real positive spin on this show, which sometimes tends to devolve into bickering and arguing over abstract points and ideologies.
Is Colin Kaepernick going to take the Colts to the playoffs? Nope. The jets? Nope. The jags? Nope. He's not some transcendent player who is going to make your team great so don't try to tell me that if they cared about winning they'd sign Kaepernick. Oh by the way it is a good move for owners to not sign him because there are lots of people protesting the NFL over these guys kneeling for the anthem so regardless of how Stephen A feels, Kaepernick did offend a good portion of the audience.
Come subscribe to my channel! The top 100 subs will be entered in a giveaway!!!
why does she talk wtf. just sit there and look hot. women shouldnt be analysts
CAN WE PLEASE FUCKING STICK TO SPORTS!!!!
but who wants him ?
Oh and by the way.... hard drug use in america has increased again in america as if its the 80s......  and guess what culture is the most followed/popular with the new generation?.....     I know people are still too primitive to understand this but racism in America is not your number 1 problem black ppl..........    never has been.   Who lives freer than black males in america?  Watch your television
That's true snoop dog!! But them folks ain't trying hear that.. it is what it is..
Snoop Dog is actually better than Will Clown
It's not football something u u use your hands dumb Americans
Stephen A. Smith and snoop hit me up guys, I got some doctors that could fix those hairlines that go all the way back to segregation.
Kap is going to be recognized as one of the greatest humanitarians of all time, keep it up white America.
Lost all respect for snoop' s heroin smoking ass after the Floyd and Connor fight
Hey I don't turn on ESPN for politics now I got to stop watching ESPN because it a Biased Network come on freaking racecards going to now be in sports give me a freaking break... Why don't you just go on strike and not even have the football season just because of one jerk
Snoop the sell out,  SAS is more gangsta
Magic Johnson and Snoop Dogg. Thats a lotta greatness right there
Maybe he's too much of an off field distraction that hasn't produced enough on the field to be on a team. 85% of the league is black. Shut up with this racist bs.
Stoop dog on the set
Colin wasn't helping my niners win the last season he was there. He had a hot couple of years. He's not an elite passer. The other stuff just the icing on the cake.
so, Pac wasn't cool with Snoop Dogg?
why does it seem everyone that is backin colin now was quiet as shit at the time of his protests?
Trust, if you can ball or be top 10-12 at your position you ALWAYS get a second shot in the NFL. But if you are just ON THE TEAM you become a distraction and not a team enhancement. PERIOD.\n\nSo there are 12 QB's as a GM i would take over Kaep, easily. And my NFL team building strategy at the QB position changes drastically if my QB choice is under top 12-15. I move the time and dollar resources to full other needs on the team until my QB options improve. But to offer you a second chance you can just be a guy on the team.
thought magic had dreads in the thumbnail lol
Steven A. 100% right when he said, the NFL owners feel it will effect their bottom line, it sounds good to me. It is a business after all. And with 70% of the NFL player being black it's obvious this has nothing to do with racism. Blacks will still try to interject race into the reason, but they always do that all the time.
Good thing Colin had some skills because he's about the ugliest MF in football.
If us working people brought our politics  into work and cost the boss MONEY  we'd be out on my ass real quick
The NFL will be just fine without Colin Kaepernick.
People seem to forget that Colin Kaepernick grew up in a white family and a town that is basically all white in Turlock California. Why isn't anybody talking about that. And I live 20 minutes north of Turlock and I used to work there and I can tell you in equivocal that town is very Prejudice towards so-called minorities. I was working at a grocery store called Save Mart back in 2005 just helping out for 2 months because I worked in Modesto and these people acting like that never seen a black guy before I felt like I stepped into the sixties..
cilon krapdick is a nigger and so is poop dog
CHARLOTTVILLE ? REALLY SNOOP ...WHAT ABOUT MISSOURI or EVEN MIAMI 🤔😏\n#GTFOH
I'm good on football, I'll just catch the Raider highlights
well since you all backing up mr colin kaepernick...let me ask you all the same question...why kaepernick didn't do this kneeling shit when barack obama was in office for 8 fucking years?
It was peaceful that's why
The man went to the Superbowl, and the following year, went to the NFC championship game. He can ball-out with the best of em.
UNTIL HE'S BACK HIRED THE NFL IS FIRED IN MY HOUSE
White supremacy is the conscious or unconscious belief or the investment in the inherent superiority of some, while others are believed to be innately inferior. And it doesn't demand the individual participation of the singular bigot. It is a machine operating in perpetuity, because it doesn't demand that somebody be in place driving.\nMichael Eric Dyson\nIt doesn't exist!
Naw answer his question. What did he do that was so bad?
LMFAO!\nThey are asking the opinion of snoop lion, snoop dog or whatever his name is.  This guy made a living by rapping about violence and fucking hos. I guess they have to get the opinion of the average black man.
ESPN is a fucking disgrace u have a scumbag like snoop who make a video about killing Donald Trump and people should take he's black ass seriously fuck out of here.
Tom Savage lasted two quarters before getting pulled. \nMatt Moore didn't even get a chance to be the starter when Tennehill went down.\nMark Sanchez  is the third string QB on the bears.\nGeno Smith broke his jaw on his team-mate's fist but is good enough to backup Eli.\nBut Kaep can't even get an interview. The NFL is just 32 billionaires making money on the backs of people willing to destroy their bodies. There are 30 players in the NBA with guaranteed contracts of more than $100m. There are zero in the NFL.
the moral of the story here is snoop dog set up and got 2pac murdered in Las Vegas 1996 and got away with murder twice.
All this because of some fat, overweight, ugly, donut sucking white assholes
The problem is that he isn't good enough to be worth the distractions he will bring. If he was a Tom Brady or an Aaron Rogers, teams would sign his ass in a heartbeat.
Snoop got that clean lineup lol
SNdoubleop
Stick to sports espn
Msespn at it again
When did ESPN become SJWN?
Snoop almost Snitched! :-)
Craig Hodges
Racist people hate kap #FUCKracistPatriots
Kaepernick gon end up broke.
White Supremacy is Americas TRUE Tradition.
Colts, Jets, Broncos, Jaguars, etc need him asap
echo chamber
Kap = trash!!\n\n#FuckBlackLivesMatter!!!
This one of the few times you'll catch snoop dogg not high
LOL the retards in commenting are being so dishonest. None of these guys know shit about football.\nKaepernick is a backup, or a starter on a bottom 5 team at best. Once you look at all the negative publicity he brings with him it's no surprise whatsoever no team wants him. Miami would've signed him, but wait huge Cuban population who hate Kaepernick because of his Castro support ( pretty disgusting, I mean the guy was a genocidal dictator ). Also, the Ravens were set to sign him, and his gf sends out a racist as f tweet that ruined the deal, as Ray Lewis has been attesting to.\nThere are studies that have been done showing the NFL's loss in viewership was directly tied to these anthem protests, so if a player is already bad and does this shit, none of you can act shocked or disgusted when they get cut.\nThe owners have a vested interest in keeping viewership up. Capitalism only cares about making money, it doesn't care about your skin color or your sexuality morons
What these rich bozos don't understand is that the middle class OVERWHELMINGLY disagrees with Kaepernick's tactics. They see it as disrespect toward our military. So regardless of the truth in his protest, MOST, and yes, MOST, sports fans see it as disrespectful. Stop trying to twist it into a race thing because it ain't.
When will the race baitors of ESPN realize Kap is a garbage QB? Sure some QBs in the league are trash; replacing trash with trash just leaves you with the same old trash
Kaepernick doing it just to impress his pretty girlfriend from ISIS
Zappacosta looks like zlatan lol
Epic goal from zappacosta
Pedro doesn't score tap ins,only bangers
Come on Chelsea let's go on and win the champions league!!!!\nRight attitude 💕💕💕💕👏👏
This new content is good man. Keep up the good work the team behind this official chelsea channel. \n\nProof that you guys do listen to fans and keep on improving!!!
I was there tonight, zappacosta goal was awesome in person 😏
Zappacosta looks like Bonucci & Chiellini 😁
Best club for ever! 💗🙏
Zappacosta's adventure on Chelsea now BEGINS! 👏👏👏
Nice win, hope we can carry that form on in the champions league
PLS do funnel cams. And I was disappointed musanda was not playing or even on bench. Christiansen need to be starting 11 he was fantastic today. His better than cahill that the thing I don't like about antonio. BUT great win for us. zappacosta you absolute beauty. ARSENAL ARE YOU READY FOR US😛😛😂😂
Personally think Zappa is going for goal. That ball was too fast for a pass, not to mention the technique he used when kicking the ball, it was meant to be powerful.
what a goal from zlatan ibrah... i mean zappacosta😂
Oi Chelsea will win the champions league trust me I now
Great win, but we played a club from Azerbaijan. No offense to any Qarabag fans.
black or white tweet 👍
Quem é brasileiro da up 👍
Zappacosta more like Zlatancosta!
Zappacosta is a best he's what we needed a proper LB
How could Someone already Predict or even know that it will be 6-0 Chelsea Win ?
England is 🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵 and Europe will soon be too!! COYB
I'm so christernson started
Zappacosta's goal was a terrible cross
Great work guys very entertains summary of this game. hopefully we will win it this year. come on Chelsea KTBFFH
thanks for the vids and do this more so i can watch highlight in official accounts! #COYB
Great win. But I just hope Cahill is on the bench for ALL big games in this season. Batshuayi too.
Zappa 🔥😍
common chelsea 👏👏👏👏
legenda em português
Epic goal from Zlatan!
Yeaa cmon CHELSEA ✌✌✌🔥🔥🔥🔥😎😎😎
When will we see tunnel cams on this channel
Esse é o único canal de time que não mostras Bastidores nem nada, aff
Only here to see the one day Chelsea fans that would say zappacosta should be starting ahead of Moses.
Zappacosta looks like the new Alonso! Now we just need a left wing back to compete with Alonso & a back up striker if Batman doesn't improve.
we need more goals against Roma and Atletico de madrid
Chelsea are firing on all cylinders.
Take us to Kiev!
See , Conte proved the world wrong by signing players that everyone thought would flop .When Bakayoko I thought he was gonna be benched but WOW .Then we have King ZAPACOSTA !
The content has improved loads! keep up the good work
1unlike from fans other club?😁
CMON YOU BLUES!!! BEST LADS IN THE CL
Like if u believe Chelsea will win the champions league
Zappacosta's goal should be a contender for the puskas award.
Legend in a making
There last night Shed End.. amazing night boys. Just got my tickets for the Roma game next month. Let's do this
THANK YOU CHELSEA FOR LISTENING TO US AND BRINGING US WORLD CLASS CONTENT.\n\nSOON TO BE THE BEST FOOTBALL CLUB ON YOUTUBE!!!!
YESSSSS now we're showing game footage instead of just audios and pics!
If Morata played he can score two goals or a hatrick
Why I always wanted zappacosta to join Chelsea
Really good performance from the new players 👍
Thank you Chelsea for the great win. Keep up the good work. Is there a new song about Zappacosta yet? Something to do with goal of the season, please.
i thought it was supposed to b a cross??
What a glorious goal by zappacostaaaaa !!!
I think the manager is doing great and am very happy. Since I am celebrating 22yrs of supporting the blue's
What's the name of the Background song?  Love it!!!
Cant wait to see Chelsea get tested against a real team. We look very good rn
what a goal from zap
hope we can beat AS Roma and Atletico with the same score 😎😎😎 c'mon CHELSEA!!! #ktbffh
Amazing performance by the BLUES!! thanks!  Come on #CHELSEA #CFC
Chelsea Is the best #Blues
Why are we showing some of the goals, but others we have no clips for?
Zappacosta was brilliant
Come on #Chelsea
Cahill looks like busquets lol
Zappa Zappa Costa Zappa Costa costaaaaaaaaa
Start him over moses.
name of song?
classic zappacosta
Zappacosta scored a beauty!
Brilliant start for Chelsea 🔥 Zappacosta is amazing 🔥 💪 😁
zappacosta.. panic buy.. alonso, panic buy.. luiz panic buy.. i wonder how drinkwater performance.. haha
вперед Челси
One dislike, from Qarabag's goalkeeper
Zappacosta next ivanovic
Come on Chelsea 💙
CHELSEA CHELSEA CHELSEA
up chelsea
Increase the difficulty!
BAKA
zappacosta nice goal..wow
merci conte .et merci le nouveau Costa
great video
Decent vid 👍💙
Zap ⚡️
We love chelsea😍
It was a great goal by Zappacosta, but I got a feeling it was unintentional. I think he was going for a cross.  lol
GOOOOL ZAPPACOSTA
C'mon blues
First
zappacosta better than moses
Great win boys. A few things i saw that need change. 1st cahill needs to.be benched in the 15th min he made another red card tackle. He is past it bench and sell in january. 2nd moses to the bench zappacosta is better imo. 3rd michyi isnt a good backup he did nothing until he scored. He doesnt read the plays that willian and pedro run at all. All in all good win. I saw keep back 3 same as last 3 pl games bench moses and start hazard vs arsenal. KTBFFH
Hope you being A.Cole 2.0 :)
Good win lads but don't get too happy , we have arsenal next. Hoping for the win
Chelsea fc cmon
WHO the hell is Qarabag??
that 6-0 prediction
Rudiger not that good when he play on right side of cb position.
So happy for you congrats. I think you are an amazing makeup guru xx
Bought them I and I am going to love them
Hey Soph, ordered your eyeshadow palette and it says it's complete but I haven't got it yet. How long will it take?x
Great look sophie :) I'm deffo going to look at that highlighter pallette!!
The eyeshadow is sold out😩
Where do we buy these palettes?
I am officially £18 poorer 😆
Soooo it's excited it's finally hereeeeee
Hey everyone x I just started a youtube channel and would be so thankful if you could check it out and subscribe xx
Hi soph will they be restocking can't believe I missed out on this 😭
Video idea: the 'entire palette' challenge, where you have to use every colour from the palette in one eye look!
I am so proud of u I am so getting these pallets 😍😍😍😘😘😘
Oml I need this palette
Yesssss Soph!!!!! These are amazing!!!! 😍💗✨ congrats gorge xx
So excited😅❤️
when is the restock?
im so proud of you im so happy to see this :( ive liked you for so long and have been following your videos, i always loved the colors you use and finally!!! you!! have!! a!! palette!! of!! your!! own!!!!! i cant wait to get my hands on it why is the eyeshadow palette not in stock noooo ☹️☹️☹️
Are these going to be available in superdrug 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙 luv them!!!!!!!
Where can you purchase this in the United States?
I'm so so happy for you and the pallets look AMAZING !! Cannot wait to try them !
Soph, just a question, have you ever check out the redness on your ears? Are you allergic to those earrings?
But is it gonna be available in the US? 😥
You should be so proud! These products look incredible I'm 100% buying both palettes❤️
Well done! It's so great to see how far you have come ❤️❤️ go GURLL you slay your Pallets. ❤️💜❤️💜❤️ you have now given me an idea of presents for my friends for their birthdays in a couple of weeks
Omg I love this pallete. Have already ordered can't wait for those shimmers 😻😻
I NEED IT !!
Just ordered mine !!
Yaaassss 👐
I'm so happyyyyyyyy💗💗💗can't wait to try them😍😍
When is the next restock coming out on tambeauty because I hadn't had a chance to get both and I really wanted both
BOTH PALETTES ARE COMING TOMORROW. IM SO EXCITED 😊 💕☺️☺️☺️🎉🎉
Omg I want themmmmm
I'm so happy for you😭♥️😭♥️😭♥️
Congrats Soph on your collab palletes with MUR!!
such an inspiration!! i love u so much and i'm so proud of you. you've come such a long way. you're such a beautiful girl and your videos always cheer me up!! thank you for always working so hard
ahhh I'm so excited!! will these be available in the US?
I love how you're so real about your palette , ily sm
love both palettes so much. are they available to purchase in America??
I got so excited when I saw the video for the first time 😍 ordered both pallets yesterday. Can't wait for them to arrive! ❤
beautiful colors going to buy
I'm in love! I need swatches of every color!
the eye palette is sold out!! is it restocking?!!?
AMAZING PALLETS! 😍 also loving the no bs approach as a lot of youtubers don't actually give the real info! Love this and love you! Can't wait to buy it 💖
Congratulations on your make up!! I'll be purchasing asap xxx
I hope you could do a contour palette for pasty faces like me and like you say PUG would be the perfect natural contour shade!!!!!
ordered both palettes because I love Makeup Revolution and you're awesome - love both palettes cant wait to get them :D ♥
It says it's not in stock 😩
I missed getting the eyeshadow palette 😭😭 What Superdrug stores will they be available in?
that hIGHLIGHT honestly i am BLIND i'm offended
Ayee her angled brush was from Claire's lmao I hav de same brush
Yesssssss! Finally! I love a good glow and your highlighter looks so pigmented
Fml i NEED both and i will be buying both 😍🤤🙌🏻❤🦄 that bloody highlight😣🙏🤣
Congrats!!! Both palettes look so gorgeous and I'm defiantly going to get them❤️
Are they a permanent collection soph please say yes!!😬
Do some Holloween and Christmas looks, when you can.
I CANT WAIT FOR THESE TO COME OUT
I love the names of the colours. Penguin is an utterly brilliant name!!! So is cup of tea (sorry if I got them wrong!)
Will it be available in Superdrug? 💗
Soph will this palette come out only in the UK or it will be available elsewhere? It looks sooo pretty I wish it's available in Spain!! Nice job with those colours :)))
I'm going to buy this as soon as possible, I'm so happy for you xx
😍😍😍 Gorgeous palletes, and you did  a beautiful look with them too! Congratulations, Soph!! You really deserve it, I bet your family are so proud 😊😘😘
I love this look!! So excited for you!!! Congrats
when is this coming to superdrug?? want this so very bad
Will it be available in the Netherlands as well?
I'm so getting this pallete
I like how she wasn't favoriting her palletes. ILYSM soph 💕💕💕.great job on the palletes
Omg!! Already planned out so many looks with this! When does it come out??💘
Sophieeee when will they be out at Superdrug?
I have to buy these! 💛❤️💞
When does this palette come back in stock on that website because I need it😍😍
The website is telling me your palettes are out of stock D: Maybe it's just because I'm in the US? Or has it really just sold out that quickly?
I AM BUZZING TO GET THESE!!
I kind of love ur brows darker like that beautiful !!
I JUST GOT MINE IN THE POST ITS GORGEOUS 😍😍 I love the purple highlighter SOOOO MUCH ❤️❤️
Omgggg soph I'm so proud of you, I've been watching since 5k I've always loved your videos, and I think your amazing and I knew you would come far, Ik you won't like this or probs see it idc, I love your videos and this is well earned well done beautiful💗💍 can people like this and then she will notice it😍 thank youuuuuu ✨🥂
Just ordered your highlighter palatte, need to wait for the eyeshadow to come back in stock! :'( looks Amazing! Xxx
I am so so excited for this. Congratulations on the palette, you deserve every ounce of success you have.
Ordered both right away! Proud of you Soph xx
What mascara did you use? Xx
Plzzzzzzz tell me when they come out .....? There great by the I want them sooo bad
Ordered the palette today!!!!
Ordered
Looks amazing 😉
So proud of yoooou💕💕
Ordereddddd
Honestly was so torn. Cause I needed more foundation but I really just bought your palettes instead 😂😂😍😍😍😍
Getting both today I can't wait! Xxx love u soph x (I was cutting the grass and washing the car for my dad so I would get some more money to get these ahaha)
I CANNOT WAIT TO BUY THESE!!!! ❤️😍
Hey soph!! Are these palettes going to be available in maquillalia.com?? Please please please I need them!!
I ordered both products yesterday so excited!
I just ordered both!!!❤ can't wait to use that highlight! been saving up for the naked heat palette but that is sooooo expensive and doesn't have highlighters! so I thought wth?! 💖💖💖💖
Hi Soph, Can't wait to have mine! Just ordered it from ITALY!!! Love xx
Waiting for this to come to Croatia!! Been such an inspiration Soph and can't wait to get my hands on this!
I can't wait to buy this palette when it hits Superdrug , such a beautiful palette
you should come out with a range of liquid lipsticks and call it sophdoesnudes
I love how happy you look while talking about each colour from both palettes. It's lovely to see how proud you are of them and how excited you are. You deserve it.
They came really quickly!! I'm in love!❤️❤️❤️ they are so so so good!'x
Omg im so proud of you xx btw what brush did you use for highlight
I hope it comes to Ireland, both palettes look beautiful
I love them I'm definitely gonna buy them 😍😍😍😍
Rihanna definitely raised the bar for me. This shows other companies there is absolutely no excuse for putting only 5-10 shades out there that only cater to a certain group of people. Its a 10/10 for me as well!
the way you applied that contour!! hunttyyyyy!!! that was genius lol
First off this was by far the best review on Fenty that I have seen and we gotta get you to a Million subscribers!!!! You are the F*CKING BEST!
Okay you did a really good review like it made me subscribe to you...I'm glad you took the time to learn the product and your voice is soothing and you sound like you seriously took the time to learn everything you put on your face and I like that you taught us how to apply that trophy wife...you did that!
I have so much to say where do I start!! First off THANK YOU so much for saving me that night of the release with all those swatches you did! Seriously saved me a lot of time at checkout. This IS the best Fenty Beauty review I've seen thus far. I love your attention to detail and how thorough you are! And thank you so so much for showing how to apply Trophy wife the RIGHT way. I know it's pigmented but I'm waiting for mines in the mail and I just kept thinking I was going to practice applying it as lightly as possible so I didn't have straight yellow on my face lol. You made that application trick look so easy. That highlight is gorgeous obviously not for everyday but for when you want to show out! I recently subbed to your channel but I definitely need to binge watch your vids once I get wifi back thanks to Hurricane Irma smh. Lastly your thumbnail of those gorgeousss pictures you took looking like you should've been in that fenty campaign. Girl you had me deceased!! You NAILED that. Omg do you look gorgeous in those photos. Those pictures was spot on! Again thank you, you are MUCH appreciated!
WOMAN YOU LOOK LIKE THE BEST VERSION OF YOURSELF. MAY YOU BE BLESSED XXXXXXX
THANKS SO MUCH FOR ALL THE EFFORT YOU PUT INTO YOUR VIDEOS. Seriously, all the product descriptions and prices INCLUDED IN THE VIDEO not in the description, side by sides, talk overs, LITERALLY ALL swatches, EVERYTHING. Nobody really does this anymore and it's seriously so helpful I'm not sure why people stopped. AND ON TOP OF THAT YOU STILL DID FIRST IMPRESSIONS/TUTORIAL AND ACTUALLY CAME BACK TO LET US KNOW HOW THE MAKEUP WORE WHICH NOBODY EVER DOES. BASICALLY MORAL OF THE STORY IS THANK YOU GIRL I ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR EFFORTS AND THEY ARE GREATLY APPRECIATED 😍❣️
Your positivity is just BOMB 🤗
This was a great thorough review.
Wow queen! You couldn't have done any better 💕
I love your review very detailed. 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾you know your stuff as well
Omg I always wink back at your cartoon at the beginning of your videos😩😭
love your contour trick, it looks so flawless !!
This is the first video I've seen of yours and my gosh you are stunning!!!
I love how professional this review is. You really thought about the best way to show everything. Loved it all!
Looks good I am curious about the products
I love the idea of using the cream stick in the centre of the lips and the gloss on top. I have a bunch of cream highlighters I never use, so I'm going to try that.
this up old styles is funny
BEST REVIEW OUT HERE
Your makeup is BEAUTIFUL! Seriously! I've watched a couple few reviews of fenty and yours would be the reason why I'd buy! Simply gorgeous!
Your video is the best I've seen thus far
best makeup review of the year
Tbh out of all the beauty gurus/youtubers I follow, Alissa was the only one who DID her JOB and really gave us all the tea concerning the products/ shades / swatches and everything at the release party. also her make up always slaaaaaays so u know her review is the most relevant rn jusssaying
This is definitely the best review I've seen!. Not predictable, you've tried other ways of using the products and you've used products the range. Xx
Can You Be anymore gorgeous 😍😍 the thumbnail though 😩❤️
I love your videos 💛
your intro is the prettiest intro i've ever seen wow 😍
Such a good damn review!! Thank you!!!!
does anyone know what eyelashes she's wearing?? so pretty!!
Oh man. Wish I had lips like yours. Also your video is so informative and you're such an articulate speaker. Loved watching this.
I love ur video layout...ur a true pro :)
Gorgeous look! Im so excited to get some of this line. My paycheck can't come quick enough
I've waited for this review I am so at peace rn
Gorgeous look! love how much u experimented with the products
you're literally our mother
I hope RI sees this
Why does it looks like a giant patch of unblended bronzer on one side of your forehead
+Alissa Darrrrrrling, will you be my friend?  Absolutely gorgeous, absolutely!  You are so cool, (at least through the screen)  When you come through NJ/Philly area let me know so I can bring my daughter to get a class from you, Thank you.  Blessings
Everyone needs to watch your technique before putting on trophy wife. MOST youtubers are going wayyyyy too heavy handed and ruining their look because they don't respect the power/pigment of trophy wife
you never disappoint girly. love this 💖
Wow, Alissa, wow!! I watch your videos consistently so I am aware of your format. But after watching many reviews on the launch, yours truly stands out as informative and professional. I so appreciate all the work you put into everything you do.
Thanks for the review, Alissa! ❤️
I literally skipped over everybody review until you uploaded yours !
You're so beautiful!
This is by far the best review I have watched. Loved it!💖
thank you so so much for these amazing videos, i can see the amount of time and effort you put in. i have the same skin tone as you, so your videos are always so helpful to me. you are so beautiful btw.💖
Yours is The best Review Yess to the editing Sis 💙💙💅🏾
Alissa both of the looks you created were amazing! Thank you for this review and for taking the time to perfect the technique for these products. Can't wait to try trophy wife the way you suggested! Best tutorial on YT!
💜💜💜💜 all the products... but it's sooo gorgeous on u Alissa, thx for the review #snapfam
This was the best review online!
I did 5 years of college and I learn more from one video of yours.
Wow your editing skills are Amazing, Alissa you are so talented 😊😙
This student took notes, love the review!
This look sooo good , the highlighter color job is on point¡¡¡¡
Some of your close ups in the video got me tripping thinking you swapped places with rihanna lol
I can't stop watching reviews! But I do love that you took your time tested prior, as well as utilized how you normally would do makeup. honestly I loved the detail and thoughts posted too. So going to try the matchsticks afterwards and try your method, thanks <3
Love the editing and overall quality of this video!!! Great job :)
I waited forever for this video. So professional and you didn't cake on the makeup like most other beauty gurus. This line is for natural makeup not instaglam looks. I don't think there's anthing wrong with a super fill look but I hate seeing youtubers use this line incorrectly and then fuss over it as if it's the line's fault and not their lack of skill.
The best people I've seen  review Fenty beauty are you, Patricia Bright and Holly boon x
You re eyes are beautiful 😍
One of, if not my favorite review of this line! You have a new subscriber in me. :-)
You explain and expanded so well in all your videos..i watched other reviews of the fenty and yours is very explanatory! Love it 😍
Wow this review is absolutely great :) The explanations, the camerawork, the animations, your personality... everything is on point! You also took the time to test the product before making your video...\nThank you so much for teaching me so much in one video🌹! Your make-up doesn't look as cakey as on other Youtubers as well. I know not how to apply make-up properly, and you are obviously very talented. So you just won a new subscriber ^.^
THIS IS HELLA BOMB😍😍 I LOVE U ALISSA❤️❤️❤️
Seriously the best review, love love loved it, now for Aunty Jackie to drop hers and I shall consider buying lol.
I love that you give techniques of how yo do what you do! Many don't do that but this is so key for us learning! Thanks!
Your swatches are probably the best I've seen! Excellent intro to the products, girl!! Thank you :)
I Swear You and Arnell Are Just The Cutest Yet Fiercest Ever! Ugh I LIVE For You Guys and Can Just Watch You Guys All Day!
Best review! This woman is f*****g gorgeous!
This is the best and most well-thought out review of Fenty Beauty that I've seen! #newsubbie👏😊
Thank you boo you are absolutely amazing... and a great teacher. So beautiful 😍
How does it work for skin types ? I have dry skin and I don't want to risk dry patches coming up because of the Matt finish
so glad you did a wear test, i don't think people know how important that is!
Loved this review. So detailed
I've been rocking with you and your sister for the longest on here lol...I think what makes a huge difference in this review in comparison to others is that you don't downplay the product because of your preferences. People have said many things over reviews you've made but you've been honest and the same Alissa in every video. Even if the product didn't work for you. Thanks for being 100 across the board with products 😊
Wow! I love that brush technique. I will try it next time!
Your video quality is giving me life girl..
You showed different ways to use the match stixs, bravo 👏
Wow, that's professional as f*ck!! Love it 💕
Best review by far!!
She is the most stunning girl i have ever seen
You killed this look....you made everyone els look like amateurs!!!!! Gorgeous
Best review I've seen. You look gorgeous. Makes me want to buy more Fenty!!
So pretty, but I could not get away with that much highlighter. I'd look like a glow worm.
Please share what lashes you wore! They look soo good on you
Gurlllllllll subscribed 👌🏼😍
U look unreal 😍😱
You're gorgeous & I adore your attitude ❤️
THIS IS A MUFFCKING REVIEWWWWWWWWW !!!!! YASSSS , PUSH TRHOUGH Alissa !!!!
love your eye look
Love your videos
So Dope! Love it!!!!
Anyone know what lashes she used lol
I love youuuuuu Alisssssssa❤️❤️❤️
This presentation is EEEEEVERYTHING!!!!!!! 😍😍😍
You're sucha beauty
YOUR QUALITY HOLY SHIT DUDE 🔥🔥🔥
Absolutely stunning
Wow....Best review!  Beautiful 💕
Can you tell us the name/brand of the brush you used to contour and highlight, please?
When I first read the book, I was laughing out loud through out, I knew it would be a great movie.\nstelaaaaaa!
Jesus Christ James Franco and Tommy even laugh the same
Ok I know that James Franco is on the far right, but who's the douchey loser beside him?
I love how james is always taking a piss
He's not disabled right?
*I'm sure if anyone noticed but you can hear some of Tommys voice still in Franco at some points in the video*
It's completely surreal to see Tommy in this environment.
James has actually immersed himself in the role so much.  LOOK AT HIM.  JAMES IS SPEAKING IN BROKEN ENGLISH!
After this ended Tommy beat the fuck out of Frankie
I think Tommy permanently changed how James talks
I did not hit her its not true its bull shit i did hit her....I DID NOT!!!  Oh hi anyone.
dear: tommy wiseau congrats of your film and movies it made me laugh on you. i'm not a actor i'm just a special boy and integrity. i wish good faith LA TIMES AND TOMMY WISEAU PEACE AND LUCK.
Tommy loves James Dean.  So for James Franco, who played James Dean in a movie, to play Tommy in a movie, I have to believe that Tommy was really excited by that.
Tommy is definitely not of this world.
I think Tommy thinks that he's the most famous guy in this bunch.
James talks a bit like Tommy Wiseau to Tommy Wiseau because he was probably so used to playing Tommy Wiseau... I love Tommy Wiseau
Greg still looks the same
I love how Franco talks to Tommy in his own dialect.
Reasons why I hate Warner Bros .... They didn't Cast James Franco as Me !!
I DID NOT HIT HER... I DID NOT HIT HER
Are you sure this is Tommy?
tommy shoulda socked james in the mouth
Anyone else notice James Franco starts talking like Tommy sometimes? It's pretty weird.
Amazing! Can't wait to see it!!!
Greg is gorgeous! Hopefully he picks up acting again; he has the looks for it. Maybe if he's in a good project he could shine.
Everybody is about to watch the room rn
That fucking James Franco is looking good these days. I just turned 40 myself yesterday!
Perfect casting. The book was fking hilarious. They simply CAN'T f this up.
I love how, when he speaks directly to Tommy, Franco talks exactly like him. I hope Tommy gets a lot of money from this, I mean he did make a breakthrough with The Room in a way.
Tommy's ''You're tearing me apart Lisa'' tie is seriously the best tie i've ever seen in my life 😂😂
Why is James Franco doing the voice still
Is this guy retarded or just heavy drug use? Fucking cringe
The worst brilliant movie ... The Room
I want these Room extras that is being talked about to be on the Blu Ray. Sounds AMAZING!
Cool ass interview, tommy is one funny random dude I wished he still did his show on youtube.
James Franco's brain has melted
Tommy is gonna get the last laugh; The Disaster Artist looks amazing.
Funny, see how James and Greg both spread their legs widest, pushing Dave and Tommy up. Shows who's really dominant, not thst its a good thing. I wanna love James, but he's a dick in this interview
Is it just me, or is Franco still talking a little bit like Tommy in this interview?
How's your sex life James?
Thats hilarious, you can hear franco got so used to speaking like wiseau that he's still doing it subconsiously, hopefully he doesnt need speech therapy
4:19 James is still in character lol
Love how at ease Franco seems to be, considering Wiseau has the look of someone who'd stab you and walk away with a smile.
Tommy is like someone who has never seen a movie but was explained what a movie is really well. I think he's an alien
Anybody notice how James just takes up half the couch  and squishes Tommy into the end?
Holy shit is that Mark? How's his sex life?
James can't let go of his Tommy Wiseau accent even in regular speech
When your trying to be an actor its tough...unless your brother is james Franco
I would have thought Wiseau would have wanted to play himself in the movie
Where do I buy Tommy's tie
Tommy high as a kite lmao.
I think James Franco is kinda stuck in Tommy's accent 😂
When I was in highschool I would always  greet people by say oh hi Mark and no one knew what that meant...
I'd love to have a beer with Tommy  Wiseau
Legend says they passed football later that day...
Franco was trolling the shit out of him.. you could tell he was uncomfortable.
Tommy looks like he is on something..
Tommy is a delusional alien still hiding under brain dead Anthony Hopkins' skin
Tommy seems like such a lovable person.
I feel awful that James leads tommy on to think he's a star
I like how Tommy REALLY says Ha Ha Ha, and not like hahah. It's not a soft h, it's a hard h followed by a sharp a. It literally sounds like he's trying to imitate the laughing sounds that a normal human would make.
I feel like you're taking advantage of Tommy because I don't think he knows that his movie is well, what it is and they're making fun of it
Franco busting tommy's balls it's really funny watching him do things like that I would get along with him in real life
Tommy had drool all over this chin this entire interview!!!
I love how James Franco talks to Tommy Wiseau in-character but to the interviewer out-of-character. It's like he's talking to a baby or something.
Man James Franco is slowly adopting Tommy's speech pattern lmao
That's so funny mark !
Someone wipe that man's chin, jesus..
James, you have some secrets?!!
Why was his chin so wet
If Owen Wilson was younger he would play a perfect Greg Sestero.
all the alpha males hogging the ball room
Tommy is such a chill dude.
I used to think life didn't have any real meaning. Then I saw The Room.
I'm a huge James Franco fan and I love his work, his intellectual ability to appreciate art in more than one kind of genre and aspect of what film is. I don't think he's being rude or disrespectful if anything he's interviewing and asking questions so that we the viewers can know more about them. As an actor, director, writer, and overall artist he is one of the best in my opinion and im proud that he sticks to being creative and works with different individuals who are unique but also using his friends and trusting peers to make such amazing films. Can't wait to see this film and the many more he makes and is in. Oh and I love his brother Dave Franco as well he's great.
Does anyone else notice that James is talking exactly like Tommy hahaha. I get it though he had to literally BE him to make that movie so being around him he still feels in character
Pretty damn sure that's just an Asian dude in dark sunglasses.  Is this what happens when you allow Jews to vote for Killary and be gay (often times furries and pedos) and *also* run the movie industry? Clickbait. Unsubbed.
Did James Franco get new contacts that made his eyes stay open?
So James Franco is a piece of shit. Thanks for showing this.
Love you Tommy. Greg's book really made me respect this guy. Bad movie or not.
Lowkey thought James was playing a retarded person.
Awks
omg...talk about manspreading!!! ugh1!!!
Free mason handshake at 0:42
The room awakens.... Oh hi Luke!
Mark looks pissed.
Dave Franco looks so fucking gay.
I did naht hit her
2:15 THAT LAUGH
Tommy Wiseau must be extra-terrestrial, no doubt
Why is james speaking in tommys accent lmfao
SUPER FRANCO BROS
Oh hi mark
Oh Hi ! James !
CAMERA DONT MOVE
Huuuuuuh...
Is Franco stuck talking like Wiseau?
J. Franco is a fag. Lol tommmy babby tommmmmy
Oh hai doggy
I noticed that, throughout this interview, James is actually mimicking Wiseau's broken syntax. At first, I thought he was making fun of him, but by the end, it honestly felt as though he was genuinely channeling his dialect, since he is doing a biopic of a popular and intriguing figure.\n\nIf someone can actually pick this interview apart and tell me which it is, I would be very interested.
She better get to a clinic or hospital to get that bite checked out.. could have rabies.. haha
The sad part is that even though monster was protecting its owner from an attack. They will probably put it down and say it's a aggressive dog plus make the owner pay fines and probably do jail time
great job monster!! you protected your mother..
Can they please build up a connection 😌
Kinda basic...I mean true. I had a pumpkin spice latte yesterday so...
I feel like they would be compatible for each other
To answer the title of this video..NO! I was totally shocked about her sexuality lol. I wasn't too surprised by Aj's but it still wasn't what I expected! Wow.
What a freak show. Bet they're from a large city like New York.
let's be for real... he is pretty much gay....
She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
i think sapiosexual is the right term for the attraction to the brain. i could be wrong. nice video! :)
This video has such good energy
Whats the name of the song that the sing?
These 2 are so cute I can't even
I think they should do one with two kids.\n\n1: a girl with down syndrome (or with any disability).\n\n2: the classic popular girl stereotype.\nand instead of being couples, there friends.
Did not see tht coming
Pentatonix ❤️
Who that demisexual and pansexual pride!! 🙌🏼🙌🏼
Damn I really want to be friends with them too. They're great!
Smh @ all of these people commenting he's totally gay he needs a man, not a woman he's too expressive to be with a woman etc. Leave the guy alone and just accept and respect his identification. If he says he's pansexual, then he's pansexual. Why do y'all feel so inclined to assume his sexuality to be anything other than what he identifies with??
nooo I want them to date :( so cute
He said Pentatonix and I just smiled at random
I relate to her sexual orientation so much. I'll just be a hopeless romantic that isn't all that into romance. Does that make sense?
Love this episode. I want to hang out with these two!!!
What's wrong with Keisha?
I LOVE her personality!!!
Omg..! She's just like me! When she describes herself if sounds like she's describing me. xD
She's so sarcastic 👍
He's a zombie
He's so cute
*they're so beautiful*
pan sexual, demisexual, asexual (human being) .. man too much labels for me lol
Aside from this important conversation about sexuality and first impressions....this was one of the most hilarious conversations!
Okay but like that guy's personality is so attractive
Damn I can feel the chemistry from the start
this is the best episode of this entire show to ever be made, and that's that on that.
Guys I found her IG, it's Portia DDoesStyle 😊
WHEN HE SAID HE LIKED PENTATONIX I WAS LIKE OMG YAAAAAAS SAAAAME AND WHEN HE STARTED SINGING IT WAS ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD
what's her instagram?
Am I the only pentaholic who was triggered at 6:13 ?? I mean ugh... they put the Pentatonix I stead of Pentatonix
Meant to be
I ship them so hard
I need to be friends with both of them!!!
He's sophisticated while she's effervescent. I see him with a Meghan Markle or Boris Kodjoe type whereas she's more of a Zoe Kravitz or The Weeknd type.
I really thought these two were kind of hitting it off!
Where all the Pentaholics at? 💪🏼💪🏼
That bond 🤗🤗
MY NON GUILTY MUSIC PLEASURE IS COTTEN EYE JOE
Her voice is so beutiful
What's the song the girl sang at 6:46 ?
Yes
I would of walked out right when she said Portia. LMAO
I hope these cuties start a band together oh my lord <3
Janelle monae vibes
Best one yet!! Haha
Pan sexual is just bi... you like both genders ?? No??
they are so compatible omg 😭😭 they laugh with each other and get along so well!! i need a friend like that
These 2 seem like they're ment for each other
Does anyone know her Facebook or IG? 😍
My God she's beautiful, interesting and intelligent
I can't express how amazing it was to hear another person talk about being demisexual
I would date them BOTH ! lool they both look gorgeous
Strange feeling, I thought they would date each other! Didn't understood why not?!
This was my favorite one so far
These two guys should be couples
Missed connection:\nMe, a 21 yo Female art student who identifies as pansexual and asexual\nYou, a 25 yo demisexual I saw in a soulpancake video \nHi how do i meet you 🙃
I had such a good cry after watching this video. I love that there are more and more black folks coming out as queer. I hope the older generations of black folks look at videos like these and see that we all want the same things; to love and be loved.
theyre my faves together so far
She kinda looks like a black Emma Watson
He isn't a woman so how does he know what woman need to be attracted to a guy 🙄
Who are these beautiful people😍😍
God she's so beautiful.
I thought they were gonna date
he's such a cutie and seems so innocent!
He's a cute gay guy
I love friendship like these 🙌🏻😊
He seems like such a good guy awh
The girl is so stunning omg
I don't see them together romantically but definitely as GOOOD friends
She looks like Ariana Grande on black verson🙄
Was anyone else really happy they clicked really well??!
She is amazing and beautiful, so is he.
Snap judgement: She's so cute...I wanna be her friend.  The gay vibes are very strong with him.
She looks like Rihanna and they both saying no literally broke my heart
That man is sexy!!!
Can we please have an updateee ?
I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU TWO DONT BECOME BESTFRIENDS IMA FIND YALL
i totally ship them i wish they would date
I laughed when they sing the Reba Theme Sing Survivorrrrr
*For those who are unaware. Pansexual means you are strictly attracted to Pan's.*
you see
They are sooo cute
PLOT TWIST!!!
They should have skipped all the questions and talk about what they would name their kids because they are soulmates 😂
Pentatonix is my fave group besides tøp but oml I love them too.
shes a perfect mix of Rihanna and Janelle Monáe
HES SOOOOOO PERFECT 😻😻
They harmonize SO well 😍
She looks like Rhianna
Are you nervous?\nHella\nMEEEE
yEAS PENTATONIX
Yassss reba
Does Portia have a public insta? She's such a light!
Why don't you have millions of subscribers mmmm why... Ur so amazing!!!
such hard work...your hands are an art. Great job
Checking your channel becomes my Tuesday night routine before bed. Lol
How can anyone 'dislike' Zoe's tutorials ?? Jealous gits..
Another amazing cake Zoe 😀😀
oh my sooo cute xxx
Sending love from MexicoCity!🤘🏼🇲🇽
Cuánto detalle!!\nHaces q parezca muy sencillo de hacer😍😍
Oh my days this is the cutest cake I think I've ever seen 😊 it's absolutely gorgeous,you are so talented it's unbelievable,I really want to have a one to one lesson with you Zoe. I'm only about 5 miles away from you. Do you have a website I can go to? Thanks in advance. Bravo 👏🏻 love ❤️ it.
Amazing Zoe, so realistic.  Keep the tutorials coming.
You are sooo talented!! I love your cakes, I just wish you took your time and made the cakes overall a bit cleaner, like the details are a bit rushed and messy
Wonderful cake! I will try it definitely. Can you please tell how you got shaded blue in windows? Airbrush?
Could I get a template please ty
kiss uma delicia
You have such a gorgeous artist's touch to everything you do. THANK YOU
That's so cute, and you make it look like a breeze!  Awesome!
Its too cute to eat 😂
q hermoso y laborioso trabajo, felicidades eres fantastica
Wow!!
Love it
Zoe.. that cake is absolutely gorgeous! I love the details. Did you roll the window colours to blend or paint them? Xx
That really is something else! I'm amazed at how you make it look so easy ❤️❤️❤️ excellent work!
What am excellent cake, I love your tutorials as you're so down to earth and explain things really well.
I Love Your Videos Zoe !!! Make Cake AVENGERS, I am from Brazil ♡
So talented! You make it look so easy 😊🎂xx
Hahah not skipping ad because I actually like you!
awesome
I love all your work, you are amazing 😍😍😍
Amazing
Nice video
Job well done
Hey Zoe! always looks perfect ♡ Thank you for sharing! Adorable ♡
You blow my mind missus! Wow!! Just Wow!!!
Amazing.  X
You are amazing 😘
Awesomee!!!
👏👏👏👏👏👏
Sei la più brava di tutte !!! 😙
How long did this cake take to decorate?
Make Cake AVENGERS !!!
NUMBER 1 TRENDING YES QUEENS AND KINGS!!!!
I'm shipping and so should you all.
I like more remix than original
THEY. NEED. TO. DO. THIS. LIVE. 😭 PLEASE
Mixers where are you at?!?!? Come on ,get this song to 1 billion !!!
OMG 😱😱😱\nI'm freaking out with that music ❤❤❤\nI'm in love 😍😍😍
WHY IS EVERYBODY SO HOT LIKE STOP CONFUSING MY SEXUALITY
Proof that I'm here before this gets famous
Why does it feel like the shot the mv different times man I wish there was more interaction on screen ..(waiting for the behind the scenes)
BEST PART OF THE SONG:\nExcuse me baby boy, just had to dance with you now\nSee there's nobody in here that comes close to you, no\nYour hands are on my waist, my lips you wanna taste\nCome muévete, muévete, muévete
Yes both version are seriously so good  being international fan problem is that you cannot understand the lyrics
Oh gOd mY drEAm cAmE truE 😍😍!!!!!CNCO ft LITTLE MIX 🔥🔥✔✔
HOLY SHIIIT! They're all fckn beautiful 💖 and this song is AMAZING !
this is much better than despacito...😍😍😍😍
We gotta admit Jessy looks smokin hot in this
AHHH YASS COME THRU CNCO&LITTLE MIX!! LET'S GO COME THRU WITH THE FIRE🔥!!!!!!!
It's been a really good time but now you gotta leave us💔\nGoodbye Despacito!
STILL #1 ON TRENDS\n\nSO PROUD
I'm head over heels with this video....everything is perfect more than perfect....I'm so in love with everything....I mean I'm super speechless from the start to the finish everything is just amazing
As of now #1 on Trending!
I can't unsee the Jasmine in Jade
They Look So Goregeos and Pretty
Ok ,I love little mix and this song is AMAZING.But...it's a little to much.Don't write hate comments that's what I think!
THIS IS THE PROVE THAT THE GIRLS ARE NOT SLUT, I MEAN EVEN WHEN THEY'RE TRYING TO BE SEXY, *IT'S SEXY OFCOURSE* BUT THEY DIDN'T WANT TO PUT THAT ASS TO THAT DICK LMAO HAHAHA, I MEAN IT'S SEXY BUT NOT LIKE HE LIKE THAT FIFTH HARMONY LOL
i like the song but would of liked to see them dancing with the boys at the end x
Thes is amazing love it😍😜😘
Is it just me but Leigh Ann looks cute rather than hot
I really like the male/female mix.. sexy
THEY ARE SO HOOTTTTTTT!!!! I LOVE THIS VIDEO 🔥💋😍😍
What a sexy beautiful beautiful powerful song seriously amazing
I LOVE THIS SONG
A\nM\nA\nZ\nI\nN\nG\n😍😍
They are so beautiful and charming 😭😭\nMy girls grow up so fast 😭😭😭\nSo proud  💝💖💗💋👄💟💞💓💚💙❤️💔💛💜🖤👄
great song!!!\nproud of my girls
They all really slayedd including my lovely jade ❤🔥🔥🔥
I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS VIDEO, OMG
YAS GIRLS THEY SLAYED THEY EVEN DID HARMONIES IN SPANISH HOW!??!?!?! THEY KILLED IT!!!!!!!
Gosh No Joke, Jade At 0:19 Is So Breath Taking <3
Little mix are so sexy and gorgeous i love it they are my super idol ohhhhh my gooosh . they are so awesome . they have fashion as always my gosh!\n#LittleMixers
So no one gonna say what the title means !?!
I can die in peace now
PERRIE SLAAAAAYYYYED
LEIGH ANNE THO
THESE FUCKING BITCHES ARE COPYCATS FUCKING WHORES
JESYS BOOBS
Joel 💕 Jade
Cadê os latinos??
Omfg 😍
❤💖
Ew🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢😷😷😷
Jesy is queen ❤❤💜😍😍
Eriiiiiiiickkkkkkkkkkkk 😍😍😍😍
Best video ever😍😍
I LOVE THIS
oohhh my goood this is amaazzziiiinnnng 😘😘😘😘
ME ENCANTO COMO CANTO ZABDI EN INGLES 😍💙
Me turbo encanto 😍❤
jade crown
this is fckng good!!
Joel... 😍😍😍
yesssssssssssss OMG SLAYYYING
I caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaant
JADE!!!!!!!!!
Los amooo
QUEENS!!!!
BEAUTIFUL!
loveee this song😍😍
Shitttt! Jessy voiceeeeee😍
Me encantó, Little mix ft CNCO excelente combinación 😄👌✌
Ohh my good 😍😘
Pierre 💗💗💗💗💗
BEST SONG EVER❤❤❤❤❤❤!!!!
ahhh 💖💖💖😍😍😍
BOOM BOOM BOOM
Jesys titty bounce at 1:00 snatched my wig along with my edges👀
0:59 alguien más lo notó?
Dios mio me en cantada
Better than despacito 😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥
Trending number 1🔥❤️
Perri siempre baila igual >:v
love it😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘💖💖
This is amazing
me puse celosa pero me aguante Like si eres cncowner
Despacito 2 XD
Omo! My heart <3
oooooooooooo likeit so much
https://youtu.be/kglmKzUdkAQ
ISSIT I INLUV WIF DIS NOW HOHO
The new Despacito! (Actually waaaay better ^^)
My sexy queens😍😍😍💋💋💋💜💜💜💜
Luv it
Omg jesy's boobs are goals
The complete Reggaeton Lento lyrics by Little Mix.\n\nReggaeton Lento lyrics\n\n[Verse 1: Leigh-Anne & Jade Thirlwall & Perrie Edwards]\nBoy, I can see the way you dancing, move that body\nI know it's crazy, but I feel like you could be\nThe one that I've been chasing in my dreams\nBoy, I can see you're looking at me like you want it\nOh, usually I'm like, Whatever, but tonight\nThe way you moving got me with my mind\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\n[Verse 2: Jesy & CNCO & All]\nExcuse me baby boy, just had to dance with you now\nSee there's nobody in here that comes close to you, no\nYour hands are on my waist, my lips you wanna taste\nCome muévete, muévete, muévete\nOur bodies on fire, with full of desire\nIf you feel what I feel, throw your hands up higher\nAnd to all the ladies around the world\nGo ahead and muévete, muévete, muévete\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\n[Bridge: CNCO]\nDo you know I like you when I take you to the floor (the floor)\nI know you like this reggaetón lento (lento)\nThis ain't stopping, baby, 'til I say so\nCome get, come get some more\n\n[Verse 3: Jade & Jesy & Leigh-Anne & Perrie]\nBoy, I wish that this could last forever\n'Cause every second by your side is heaven\nOh, come give me that, give me that boom, boom, boom, oh\nI tell you, baby, you, baby, you get me hotter\nLoving made me sick, made me sick, you're my doctor\nDon't you know you're playing with fire tonight\nCan we get it right here one more time\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nCloser, baby, let go\n\n[Breakdown: CNCO]\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: “Bailemos, eh?”\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like, Bailemos (eh)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\n[Post-Chorus: CNCO & Perrie & (Jade) & Jesy]\nMuévete, muévete\nBáilalo, báilalo\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nLet's get a little closer, slow the tempo\nMuévete, muévete (just dance with me now)\nDrop it low, drop it low\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let's go
Los ame, admito que ahora me gusta cnco, es la primera vez que los veo, mis hijas estan bellas todas
Muy orgullosa de mis CHICOS💙 buenísima la colaboración🔥 pero nada supera a la ORIGINAL👌🏼🔝
Alguien Se Dio Cuenta  Que IGNORARON Completamente A Erick ?? 😔💔
Que hace un menor de edad en un bar Erick es un bebé no debería estar ahí es mi Bb
Verse 1: Leigh-Anne & Jade Thirlwall & Perrie Edwards]\nBoy, I can see the way you dancing, move that body\nI know it's crazy, but I feel like you could be\nThe one that I've been chasing in my dreams\nBoy, I can see you're looking at me like you want it\nOh, usually I'm like, Whatever, but tonight\nThe way you moving got me with my mind\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\n[Verse 2: Jesy & CNCO & All]\nExcuse me baby boy, just had to dance with you now\nSee there's nobody in here that comes close to you, no\nYour hands are on my waist, my lips you wanna taste\nCome muévete, muévete, muévete\nOur bodies on fire, with full of desire\nIf you feel what I feel, throw your hands up higher\nAnd to all the ladies around the world\nGo ahead and muévete, muévete, muévete\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\n[Bridge: CNCO]\nDo you know I like you when I take you to the floor (the floor)\nI know you like this reggaetón lento (lento)\nThis ain't stopping, baby, 'til I say so\nCome get, come get some more\n\n[Verse 3: Jade & Jesy & Leigh-Anne & Perrie]\nBoy, I wish that this could last forever\n'Cause every second by your side is heaven\nOh, come give me that, give me that boom, boom, boom, oh\nI tell you, baby, you, baby, you get me hotter\nLoving made me sick, made me sick, you're my doctor\nDon't you know you're playing with fire tonight\nCan we get it right here one more time\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like Bailemos (hey)\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento (ehe)\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo (ooh)\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos? (hey)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nCloser, baby, let go\n\n[Breakdown: CNCO]\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: “Bailemos, eh?”\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\n\n[Chorus: CNCO & Little Mix]\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like, Bailemos (eh)\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\n[Post-Chorus: CNCO & Perrie & (Jade) & Jesy]\nMuévete, muévete\nBáilalo, báilalo\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nLet's get a little closer, slow the tempo\nMuévete, muévete (just dance with me now)\nDrop it low, drop it low\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let's go
Boy, I can see the way you dancing, move that body\nI know it's crazy, but I feel like you could be\nThe one that I've been chasing in my dreams\nBoy, I can see you're looking at me like you want it\nOh, usually I'm like whatever but tonight\nThe way you moving got me where am I?\n\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like: Bailemos, eh?\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos, eh?\nTonight we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\nExcuse me baby boy, just had to dance with you now\nSee there's nobody in here that comes close to you, no\nYour hands are on my waist, my lips you wanna taste\nCome muévete, muévete, muévete\nOur bodies on fire, we full of desire\nIf you feel what I feel, throw your hands up higher\nAnd to all the ladies around the world\nGo ahead and muévete, muévete, muévete\n\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like: Bailemos, eh?\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos, eh?\nTonight we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\nDo you know I like it when I take you to the floor (the floor)?\nI know you like this reggaetón lento (lento)\nThis ain't stopping, baby, 'til I say so\nCome get, come get some more (ooh)\n\nBoy, I wish that this could last forever\n'Cause every second by your side is heaven\nOh, come give me that, give me that boom, boom, boom, oh\nI tell you, baby, you, baby, you get me hotter\nLoving made me sick, made me sick, you're my doctor\nDon't you know you're playing with fire tonight?\nCan we get it right here one more time?\n\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like: Bailemos, eh?\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos, eh?\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go (closer, baby, let go)\n\nYo sólo la miré y me gustó\nMe pegué y la invité: Bailemos, eh?\nLa noche está para un reggaetón lento\nDe esos que no se bailan hace tiempo\nIt started when I looked in her eyes\nI got close and I'm like: Bailemos, eh?\nSo now we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let go\n\nMuévete, muévete\nBáilalo, báilalo\nTonight we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, slow the tempo\nMuévete, muévete (just dance with me now)\nDrop it low, drop it low\nTonight we dancing un reggaetón lento\nJust get a little closer, baby, let's go
No sabia que Fifth Harmony hizo Un He Like That  ft CNCO :v v:
!!! PEOPLE CALM DOWN !!!\nIsn't it strange that when a terror attack happens, within the hour the name, pictures and practically the whole life of the terrorist is plastered all over the news, papers, social media etc... it's been a few days and yet we know NOTHING? No name, no pictures etc. Doesn't that make you ask questions about what's really going on and about who really is behind the so called terror attacks?
For all the people saying 'Don't automatically assume it is muslims' or 'you don't know if it was a Muslim' actually, it's been revealed on the news today that it WAS a Muslim, from Iraq so stfu😌 it always is Muslims, I don't know why people are always protecting them and trying to act like they're so innocent, when they're obviously not...
Can't be that bad, the train still has its GLASS
Who is filming this and why .
Divide and conquer.  Conquer then divide some more. Thanks evil govts!
How did a burning bucket manage to injure 18 people and spew a fireball through carriages if it couldn't make it past a plastic bucket confused...?
I wonder if Islamic State took responsibilty for this as it was a complete failiure. Knowing them idiots they probably did.
What kind of idiot gets closer to the still flaming bomb, for a better look.
also known as a bucket, on fire.
is it because of the explosion?
How can a bomb injure 20 people but not even damage the train carriage or even the plastic bag that surrounded it?
, trojan horse you take in teenagers for abroad cloves  them feed them house them and they try to blow up a train full of people
Why is this still trending
how can 27 people get injured but no damage to the train looks like the bag got burnt with the bomb in
Zero bomb damage on train...
let in a couple hundred thousand more Refugees pretty soon you guys are going to become the Refugees.
oh that bags on fire ?  lets move in closer to get a better look could be a bomb.
I am new so who will subscribe me and give likes on my video I will subscribe him/her return
did they find tyler in that carriage
A gift from the religion of peace
It could be a dildo vibrator that's overheating. That's my surmise.
Device~ pile of trash you mean
The note8 is back at it again xD
WHAT A CROC OF SHHHH IT
Yeah just stand in front and gather around a bomb.
Such a fake terror event - see Ole Dammegard's work.  This bomb that put so many people in hospital, didn't even throw smut or soot on the adjacent walls, windows or fabric seats of the tube train.  So it can't have exploded or sent fireballs down the train.  It's a shame people got trampled, but this is such a bad hoax.
and i was wondering why the delay
Oh look, it's a bomb!  Let's go take a selfie with it!
It seem like my lidl bag done suicide.\nYou lived a great life...
Burning device mATE THAT'S A BLOODY BOMB!
The British are gas burning lidi bag on tube (turns terror level to critical)
Im really confused guys, please someone explain whats going on
Can everyone subscribed to me please I do gaming videos
Wow why do people bring the note 7 on the tube ffs
I bet they bought the bomb in Tesco
If you wanna go in style you get a Waitrose bag
These feckin jihadi's set my bin on fire the other day ! ;)
Oh look, something has exploded.... lets stand and watch it for a bit......
Oh no! the note 7 strikes again!
1 minute silence \nAs we stare at a bag
staged fake false flag, Parsons, Crowley, Hubbard. For anyone that doesn't know Google those names all involved in this so called terror attack! Learn about our Esoteric leaders
Oh god the note strikes again
That's the bomb apparently...
Dude at the end sounding like a fuckin teacher
At which point did Mr 'Crowley' burn all his hair off.......
Oh no if you here pls run away
Ahahaha that stupid woman standing there pointing at it.
Guys I'm doing a legit give away on my channel all you need to do is follow me on sc joe_moakes\nSubscribe \nIt is a iPhone 6s and I pad mini 2
I'm going to guess the ethnicity of the bomber?\n\nChinese? No\n\nOkay then.....Canadian? No.\n\nBritish-white. I mean hell that is the majority of people in the country? No.\n\nHow about Irish? They do have history. No, no the man wasn't Irish?\n\n\nJewish, I bet the bomber was Jewish!!! No, no the bomber wasn't Jewish.\n\n\nHe was a Muslim? Jesus I would have never guessed that. That is so out of character.
Is this the bomb that injured 20 people?
Hey can you lot subscribe and turn on notifications for me and if you do I'll subscribe to you and watch all you videos
This was a set up by the government
Exploding Lidl shopping bag. That's why mums go to Iceland.
How did anyone get injured?! Looks like a carrier bag burning slightly. And why is that woman so close to it?! Wouldn't she run away screaming for help?!
False flag for the usual bafoons
If all Muslims are terrorists then we would blow up everywhere and there'd be no one existing
London is lost
The HOAXes are getting ridiculous
the new iphone
Add my Snapchat thxmaswiltshire
hmmmm
Congrats on trending
BREAKING NEWS!!  the bag was completely incinerated, however, the attackers passport managed to be blown to the other side of the cabin from the explosion.... this is the news; we don't lie to you....
In Russia you attack the terrorists
ISLAM CAN HAVE MY FREEDOM, WHEN THEY PRY IT FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS !!
The Muslims are at it again!
This comment section is a shitstorm.
i can see people didn't get the note 7 news
What a waste of 10p.
Crisis actors. another staged event, sad people believe the lies there fed
Why is this 1 on trending?
Do you think there was a joker who clicked the assistance button😂😂😂
Thank god for bags for life
Ahh *1984* coming to life, the media being manipulated to control the public...
the point?
Why is this trending
Damn those LIDL carrier bags are made strong. 🤔
(((pure coincidence)))
Here before 1 million views
Train go boom!!!
subscribe for free robux
Omg
sponsored by Sainsburys
Islam
t u b e
Islamophobia
What ?
Who came here from trending
999,999 VIEWS
Dildo overheating
Wingardium *Leviousa*
Terrorist will never win we will fight back
NOTE 7 IS BACK FOR REVENGE
That guy sounds like hes from battlefield 1
Strange there is no blast or scorch marks from the explosion, sounds and looks very precarious to believe? Just go to live leak and see what a real IED damage can do and you will see so many disbelieving signatures of another possible false flag attack is possible for a regime that actually supports terrorist countries such as Saudia Arabia. Well done Britain for duping the country and it's citizens yet again.
No. 1 trending for 3 days now, yet in all that time hasn't broken 1 million views. Someone's really wanting to push this omnipresent terrorism narrative :/
just a few more terrorist attacks here and there, more prejudice and the hate rate will be full enough, eye for an eye
Lets Play Russian Roulette 🔫\nEvery 5th like gets Killed 💥\nComment What You Got 👇
When will people realise, if you hurt someone it only means that you're weak! All terrorist are weak people. I know so. Fearless human beings are very compassionate and merciful. They show love in everything that they do.
If I was them people I would of broke the glass and put that fire out.
Oh jeez Rick you've changed
No.
I'm just glad he doesn't burp after every line anymore.
I didnt believe a one word this woman said. Its cause her voice was that similar to a womans
But maybe *_Our Rick Was Shot And Morty Taken For The Machine Morty Torture_* or am I just retarded him yeah probably probably.... the second one
I am in great pain , please help me
I didn't think he did, he's still the same asshole but now he has to be careful of Beth
He has Quantum Emotion that's it.
It's all changed because people think it's cool and original even after a year because they have seen it on Reddit so everyone follows the crowd trying to be edgy etc
Hey!!!! Check out my new YouTube video https://youtu.be/abe4c_KcoMw!! Subscribe and like ! Giveaways coming soon
How has Rick changed? He hasn't, and he can't. There is one simple fact that is Ricks don't care about my kind. He never has and never will.
I just came to give you ad revenue
With this close examination of Rick I feel like there is a stong Nietzsche vibe with him: that his family is to God is Dead as he is to the Ubermech, he is trying to find a way to also become stronger emotionally\n (Hopefully this made sense and people can roll with it)
He is boring now
Lots of emotion v lack of emotion, could be the fact hes an alcoholic >,<
WAMPSN get $10 when u sign up on mercari using this code plus 10% ur first purchase : )
when's the last time Rick got fucked up??????
Guys please come and check out the content on my channel because I'm looking to get some subscribers and share what I'm doing with people. I honestly hate posting comments like this but how else are you meant to try and show people what you're making?
Lol, I just watched episode 8 before it got taken down. New favorite episode
Has rick changed or has something changed rick (insert inception noise)
If u subscribe to me I'll sub back
Every show after a few seasons has their characters change.\n\nWriters always take a few seasons to figure out what the characters are ultimately going to be by the end of their run. Watch any show and compare the characters with how they were in the first two seasons to how they were midway through the show's run to the end.\n\nThough this is different from older sitcommy shows since now shows are serialized and ongoing in writing, than stand-alone shows that don't build on a continuous narrative or a growth in characters. So it is more reasonable that he is intentionally changed to show growth.
Rick may not care what other people think but he certainly cares about what his daughter thinks about him. Throughout all of his travels, Rick returns to some version of Beth. He strives for a life with at least some part of her. In the Cronenberg episode, Rick could have gone to any concieveable universe to run away but he chose to go to one where everything is pretty much the same.\nIn the season 2 finale, Rick could have run away on his own or kept living on the run with his family but chooses to turn himself in so he can topple the Galactic Federation and return to the way things were.\nAnd in the Pickle Rick episode, Rick has avoided Beth all day but after Jaguar advises Rick to spend time with his daughter while he can, Rick actually swallows his pride and attends and participates in a family therapy session. This is also one of the few truly happy endings ever seen in an episode.
The new writers are changing Rick in Season 3, he was the same old rick in the April fools episode but he's become completely different after. I feel in the minority that I don't like season 3 so far, its different in so many bad ways.
Make money posting to fb! Makemoneywithjason36@gmail.com
Holy crap this is still trending. You Christians really do shut everything down on your magic day.
Every time rick open himself up to others he gets fucked over
Its just a tv show
it's called character development
Don't read this.
I wouldn't consider Unity a girlfriend. Unity seems less of a girl, and more of an entity consisting of many individuals.
No he has not changed. We just went through that shit with the Ricklaxation episode.
What does the narrator volume keep getting louder and quieter
i hate this show so much
Number one pet peeve: people calling unity she
rick, it's rick, get your childish shit togeather..who writes this crap
What is it about this show am a I missing somthing
I was expecting a stupid buzzfeed-esque analysis but got a pretty good analysis instead. Good job.
I feel like Rick is dying.
I thought this was about the voice diffrence eve tween episode 1 and now... \n\n\n\n\n\n\nDISLIKE
Rick reminds me of Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes was written as a psychopath (whether the writer did it on purpose or not (not kidding either, read the first few books)).  The funny thing is is that they are truly detestable heroes to be rooting for but yet, you can't stop find them fascinating and cheering them on.
I hate how episodes aren't stand alone episodes like the simpsons
I just realized \nWhat if the dumb rick that eats his own shit is from a universe where he used the microscope from the devil?
His wife should still exist in infinite instances of the infinite number of alternate realities.
Holy shit.. Am I really as emotionally fucked up as Rick...
ANYONE WHO SUBS TO US WE WILL SUB BACK THANK YOU GUYS!!!
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewers head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existential catchphrase Wubba Lubba Dub Dub, which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂 And yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick & Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
His body has certainly changed from season 2 to 3.  He's apparently a full-on cyborg superhero now.
Just so you know, Unity prefers it not she.\n#RespectHiveMindPronouns
You neglected to address his ptsd.
I believe the way Rick is has something to do with his wife.
In a simple answer: Rick its a Tsundere
I wish I could watch the new episode but now that school started I have to rent it
M O R T Y W A V E
This is trending??  Now is good a time as ever to get Scwifty!
In other words Rick is bipolar
This video is proof that the stupidest shit will always get on trending
Nh
I think it's kind a Simpsons syndrome.
Well I mean ricks wife died in a accident made by himself in season three episode one so he could be depressed for that reason
What is the music in this
Not even going to watch video. Yeah DUH he changed. Season 3 episode 1. ... I'm leaving you with three years of improv...
Here is my comment in Brail so blind people can understand \n\n. .  . .  . .  .  .  .  . . ... .  ..  . .  .  .  .  . . ... .  . .  .  .  .  . . ... .  . .  ..  .  .  .  . . ... .  . .  . .  .  .  .  . . ... .  . .  . .  .  .  .  . . ... .  . .  . .  .  .  .  . . ... .  . .  . .  .  .  .  . . ..
Morty has changed a ton this season. He is becoming more like Rick.
I'm cool rick, check me out
The problem isn't if Rick cares about Morty or not. I don't think Rick has changed, I feel he has always been a caring person, but just chooses to hide it. The problem is if MORTY cares about Rick, which we've seen before is hard to tell.
Its was just a yes or no question jeez
Hey brothers I need ten followers to reach a thousand support me 👉🏻👈🏻 pass to my Channel
При 60% удачных сделок вы считаетесь успешным трейдером.\nПроверьте свои возможности на демо счёте и проведите 100 сделок.\nМинимальная ставка 1$ или 30₽. До 90% прибыли от суммы сделки.\nhttps://goo.gl/n7DKrx Test Demo \nhttps://goo.gl/oCJLpc  +100% bonus \nhttps://goo.gl/95xbkt   Минимальный депозит 350₽\nhttps://goo.gl/73iq93  for iOS \nhttps://goo.gl/jyye2x   for android\nhttps://goo.gl/qLgTC5  Bitcoin
WOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUWOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Now do Morty!
MYNAME IS MISTER MESEEKS
stopped watching bc of those shit memes
Evil morty is back
How boring.
LEARN THROUGH MISTAKES mother FR
#PickleRicKWitDaShits
Whubba luba dub dub.
That noobnoob scene was amazing
que tonto
Here before 1 million
Wha wha wha wha that's rick
Damn that got fucking deep
#3 trending
Sounds alot like me
I DONT GIVE A FUUUUCKKK!!!!
Is Rick Bipolar?
Cool
This got extremely deep
https://www.pointsprizes.com/r/free-paypal-keys
I'm a pickle Morty , pickle rrrrriiiiiiiicccckkk!!!!!
Oh jeez
*WUBALUBA DUB DUUUUUB!*
One Love
Dang this is trending ooooweee
awesome smart plugs https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B074N9WZ1H?sa-no-redirect=1
My friends make fun of me being a virgin. I always get back at them like everyone knows that's BS. If I were a virgin, how can you explain that I made out with my girl cousin last week? HAHA. jokes on u. who's stupid now? \nP.S: come watch m y other inspirational videos.
I feel like he's getting less caring in season 3
Too Make Major Money Every Month $5,000 Click My Link Below http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=79701
https://youtu.be/sghSo5FrlGA
I seriously had a very difficult time uploading this. I don't like to put anything in my videos that might bring your mood down so please forgive me. I just need to start opening up a little more for you guys so you can understand some of the things that are taking away from the vlogs. Thank you so much for being here either way. I love you so much. See you Tomorrow. :)
Man roman I feel you, sucks that you have to have a giant yard and tons of fame and money and you have to work NOT AT ALL must really be hard on you to make sure your videos are more than 10 minutes it must be stressful for you not to get 100% ad revenue every video
Not this fucker again -_- just KYS
First world problems smh
🙄🙄🙄
Roman Smile more
Love Brits blowjob pic
Idk why but you look familiar.
More like smile less hahaha
fuck u
Praying for supernatural peace for You!
Love you Roman
Trending page lol
Roman you do what you got to do if your fans don't understand then they're not true fans you do a lot for your fans you are truly an amazing individual your family is amazing I love them all they're so loving, caring, giving I can go on and on you do what you have to do and I know you'll be back in it soon with the family. Love you
Of course, you have problems but the best part is that you can't fight it and stay happy for your fans and family=RESPECT, SMILE MORE
Accept that life is a balance of positives and negatives, have faith in yourself and in life and you will get through any level of negativity. Even if the negative situation/event serves only to make you wiser for it, that in itself is a positive. All the best.
Take a week or two off all the true Roman Soldiers will stay luv u
U know sometimes u need to let it out to set ur self free at the end of the day ur only doing it for the wealth of your family now that's a real man stay strong be blessed
We Need To Talk, ? \n\nWhat are you, a chick?
Youtube has turned into a bunch of vlogs
Emotionally manipulating your audience for views and money. That's impressive, even for a cunt like you, Roman.
When you said my channel is dropping i ask WHY AND HOW? And please don't take it to hard.  i love your vlogs.  my first youtuber vlogger is Casey Neistat and he uploads twice a week.... please take it easy roman!! I love your vlogs!! They are my happiness!!
You sound like a spoiled little bitch. Stress for working on a project? Shut the fuck up, you're traveling and your family is good and you're good. You're stressed because you are working on a project? You're an ungrateful little bitch. Struggle more you weak cunt, we don't want to see bitching from a successful person like yourself. People would die to be in your position
i truly understand Mr atwood aka the best guy in the world but back to the point \n\nWE ALL TRULY UNDERSTAN\n   things can get tufff sometimes but we can live thru it also never do that again roman just do you not what they say and yeah we will still SMILE MORE
The bags under your eyes are getting really bad...you look exhausted..stop and recenter yourself... stress is a killer
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH ROMAN! WE REALLY DO <3
We understand that it may not be possible to vlog everyday but we will wait
No need to apologize for anything- I appreciate your honesty...   It's all gonna work out for ya!!!  I hope you get some rest, and try not to stress too much...  Good Luck!!!  :)
whos that deformed victorian doll out of a low budget horror movie that he kissed what is this
Worrying won't help the situation!
how many subs can i get by 5 tonight
💜💗💜 Much love Roman 💜💗💜 always here for you and I love your family 💜💗💜
All the love go his way!!!!
No we don't
There's no need to be embarrassed roman it's good to talk about what's happening in your life these you don't show it's a good thing to let it out and let people know and once it's done it's done just remember Smile More 😊😊
Give me a break. Wow life is soooo tough. Well no crap. Get over it.
You just got to keep pushing to get stuff done it is just life. just look at what you have done you have created a really great Chanel and everyone is behind you all the way.
Sooo..what's the problem you're having?
Please get a bit wider lens. It's really disorienting when you're running around and whipping the camera around at that focal length. A few mm wider would make all the difference.
Roman you are Amazing! Ignore what the haters say and do you. Your life is crazy right now just take it one day at a time. Thanks for feeling us in on whats going on!:)
Don't waste your time he's filiming something else's that Has time conflict with the vlogs
As long as your happy that's all I care.
Hahaha, when he said ...and the vlogs will be back to normal... i was like ummm Roman, when have they ever been 'normal'? lmao
That's great how he treats his family love that lol even says good bye to the animals
I don't care what people say but that is a LITTLE HORSE
Rich ppl problems... I would trade my life for his any day...
Don't forget to put 3D machines in the derby
My man your doing a great job you have a job to do right now that you signed up for, once the 2 weeks is over everything will get back on track. personally i still really like the content you been uploading even if its not all about the project your still doing your best. keep up the positive vibes and vlogs because we all love them. SMILE MORE!!!
what if Roman secretly was a muslim,  and made this derby event a get-together for all famous YouTubers, so that Roman Atwood could finally jihad and reach Allah, while leaving dozens of youtubers dead.
Dude - You somehow got at present 2,213,880 views..... I think you should live your life, and just shut the fuck up........
We're with you roman if you have to skip days the that's alright like the video if you agree
This dirby shit won't happen trust me
Roman you got this keep your head up. I have kept my head up because of you. I'm so excited to see your project. Keep up the hard work its going to be worth it.
Sub to my chanell pls i have 5 sub
What kind of person makes pranks about their kids dying and laugh at the mother's horrified reaction
Roman please don't stress.  I watch you because of you and how authentic you are.  I can't wait to see what you're working on, until then I will keep on watching whatever you post and I will continue to smile more!  Sending love from 🇨🇦💕
Roman you got this don't stress about uploading, everyone loves your videos Evan if they are short.👍😀
I walked all around my city until I saw him but I didnt
Why is there so much hate
Roman everyone struggles with something. You aren't the only one, I hope it gets better for ya
I am going to be pissed if Logan Paul passes him in subs
We need to talk every few weeks......We don't talk like we used to......
Roman You are a inspiration to every thing I do I want to be like you
I love it when your real. :)
I got to do what I have to so I can do what I want to do\nRoman 2017
Roman, thanks for uploading vlogs like this. It shows your vulnerability & authenticity, but also that you're human just like everyone else. People hold famous people to a higher standard, because people typically only see how good they have life that we forget they're human & have struggles just as much as we do. Just keep going & take it one day at a time.
Im proud of you Roman, thats all I can say. :)
It’s ok Roman even tho it’s hard for u to vlog or ur not vlogging at all we still love u 😊
Don't stress yourself out, All you can do is get through it.. like you said lesson learned, you won't sign up for something like this again that gives someone else control. But your commitment is awesome for sticking with it for the families anyways It's healthy for your fans to know that life isn't always perfect.. but you'll endure it and will survive. life will be back to normal again. Thanks for being a great role model for my kids and hugs and prayers from our family to yours!
Life is Life it happens and  probablem come up in life you would not be human if you did not have problems and you can tack day off I would not care you need a bracket smile more love you Roman Atwood
Roman don't you dare apologize you do what you have to do take days off and don't even hesitate about it you have a personal life you are a big YouTuber you have big things happening in your life you will need to take time from the blogs once in a while it's not a big deal all the roman soldiers know that you will need time off everyone does so take it when you need it
I love you too Roman your awesome thank you
Any youtubers wanna subscribe to each other
Head up roman your doing good lots of people take strength from you so it's good to here your human too we love u no matter what ❤️❤️❤️
Hey everyone! I'm really trying to grow my channel and i would really appreciate it if you could check out the videos I've made because i put a lot of hard work into editing them. Thank you and have a nice day :)
Just do you and what makes you and your family happy. Life is short. Wake up with determination to make the day better than the last and SMILE MORE!! God speed Roman!
Can y'all also please go watch my video Recreating youtubers intros I did perfect laughs, jay Versace and others You won't regret it... Please also Don't forget to like comment,subscribe and if possible share thanks...😘😘
Roman, don't feel down bro! Life is hard sometimes, but the reward we get at the end is epic! You have honestly helped me so much in my everyday life trying to keep my friends and family smiling everyday. I understand that its hard to just be positive all the time but you will get through it i promise.
You just keep being you.
I like chicken
Boi stop being dramatic
Why do youtubers do this just get to the point
Try living under a blanket this winter because you can't afford to have the heating on!
Take your time Roman we love you ❤️
Can someone summarize what he said in this video I don't feel like watching
Only Roman Atwood can make Chicago sound like a wonderful place. Lol prayers up
Could someone just summarize this whole shit please! Im not wasting 11 minutes just to some overexagerated story
he normally gets 3m views within 24 hours and it's not on trending, and this after 48 hours has 2.2m views and it's n.o 3 on trending
Roman I know this will be lost in the comments but everyone goes through tough things in life and the strong people make it through and the strong people push through and think about other people and make everyone else happy and I know you can make it through this and I know you're strong enough and willing to make it through this rough time I know you'll do great. Thank you so much for the vlogs and making my life a whole lot better. Use your own motto, smile more :)
Get a real job
Why do all YouTubers put we need to talk. Then make vague descriptions then comment on how hard it is. Shows the corruption on Youtube
Y'all like this vid I'm in no place to say this but Roman is letting us in his life so like this vid
glad i don't subscribe to his shit.
Fuck I was hoping he was quitting YouTube
God not you again. YOU need to get off youtube and get a life like we got and work for the shit you have like we do. You morons get fre cars and free money. Youtube will shut that down in the comming 10 years. So plan ahead now.
No we don't NEED to talk
No we don't.
Roman looks like a mouse
I dont want to sound like a hater, but Roman is a bit over rated and makes serious videos that are 90% filler. I dont understand how he got so popular and I don't see the appeal, but hey, that's me
He gets millions of views a vlog and things aren't going well?
Don't talk like a retard thx
i wish austin evans does a video was the i phone x durable (probably not) hahha
Look this fucking geek. Tried to work out and incorporate all these hand gestures and movements while he speaks in an attempt to make himself look more confident. Yet he's actually just a insecure geek. Lmao
Legen Says By Copying this Meme, Austin will reply.
this guy is super annoying.
Indeed,  when Apple /does not care/ about a product line they really let you know about it.  As a Mac Mini and iPod nano user, I feel the pain on a daily basis.
I like that a portion of the curiosity box is going toward Alzheimer research, my Grandfather has Alzheimer and so does my dad,it it's really sad sometime that they forget who I am. I like that a portion of the curiosity box is going toward Alzheimer research.
Mac mini \nbut price not so mini
Yeah the performance on the Mac Mini is kind of trash especially when it comes to using Final Cut Pro X.
I love my Mac mini.
Why Vsauce *doesn't* exist in 2017?
It's for TVs in office boardrooms.
he brought back the outro
1. I love this series \n2. I love the tip of the hat to Vsauce at the end!
Why Did Apple Make The Mac Mini In The First Place?
And as always, thanks for watching. Had my dead 😂😂😂
Mac Mini here and this is Austin
Your words go on too long..
A friend gave me a Mac Mini a few years back. I installed it in my truck as a mp3 player with a 7 inch LCD screen. it still is working great.
how many subs can i get by 5 tonight
Ive seen similar spec Dell and HPs at best buy sell for the same. You can also find better, sure. But really, for $500 and covering grandma's workload, and it being a Mac, its actually more than fair on the price IMO. You could do worse really.
The fluctuations in his voice make me very very angry. \nAlso, he said you dont get much in the box ummmm whatd you want in there??
I'm slowly getting rid of my Apple products and moving on to something else, they're too darn expensive and not worth it
Why do you exist when we have MKBHD?
not everybody can afford a 2000$ computer
why does he talk like this!? he sounds like a used care salesmen.
Minis were nice when i got mine back in like 2012-2013
Even they sold 2014 pc in 2017 there are many people ready to buy it.
Is Actually Cheaper Than A iPhone 7
*Why does Apple still exist in 2017?*
But can it run Roblox at 60fps
Is it to much to ask for a fast modern modular mac with Graphics slot for under $1,000? Come on Apple!!!
This is amazing, I love everything about it!
Dude are you like Ed Helms' Son?
Why? Why cant u all just stick to windows why are u people so delusional about a apple logo
How love my 2014 Mac Mini
You killing me smalls stop stretching works at the end of your sentences.
i hate the way he talks
Was anyone else waiting for him to open it? Thought it was a laptop lol
I thought this was a smaller computer until I did research it’s fucking unless
You can buy the alienware alpha on sale for about the same price and they can game a little.
For the Mac ecosystem, The mini does a great job for people that do basic day in and day out tasks. For example, I was asked to setup a group of 5 Mac Mini's that are used to only realtors and they work great for email, surfing the web and simple photo editing. I will note that we did SSD upgrades on them all but they all also only have 4GB of ram and it works great with no issues. Also, I use mine for daily development. My mini runs Xcode without any issues and my whole desk setup came in at only half the cost of my laptop which was great because I did not want to spend the money on a MacBook Pro and​ an iMac
This hipster is more hung up on the way the thing feels. Check his estrogen level and cut up his man card.
It's not much of a problem, cuz the latest Mac Pro is from 2013
oh comeon. no mac are a good value XD
Dang, FCP X is just a beast. So glad to use it consistently.
um.... because it STILL makes a really nice server for small businesses - like small architecture firms with just a few people. paired with a LaCie drive - it's a very reasonable server/backup. done and done.
i still rock my 2011 fusion drive mac mini. back then, i paid $800 for it and immediately maxed it out with 16gb ram, and dual monitors. and a superdrive lol. to this day, it's still faster than any other laptops, mac or windows, that  i've bought and used. i foresee myself using it for many more years. it's a beast.
Dude has cuts on his arms, must be a emo nerd
Do you talk like that irl?
WHY DOES HE TALLLK LIKE A SNAAAKEE
You can get a new Mac mini for 388. \nSeems like a fair price.
I'm watching this on my Mac Mini and I love it. I believe I bought it in 2015.
Oh boy, how many calories is this?
Just to screw up your day!
THE VOCAL FRY IS REAL! Why do you do that to your voice? That's really bad for your vocal cords/folds. You're putting strain on them just to talk in that sing songy drawn out cadence. Dude what is that about? you seem super unnatural when you speak.
The logic records in the background 👌🏽
Holy fuck that ending with Vsauce song! 10/10!!!
...Because it's a very inexpensive computer to run officially licensed Apple software, and the best value for iOS development.\n\nThis video sucks.
Look at the url. It has funny in it lol.
Funny in the URL
I have a 2012 mac mini and I game on it. lol
Am I the only one who thinks apple is a rip off  of android
I would be happy if vsauce 1,2,or 3 and austin make a collaboration...please make it happen... and as always than
For people who want a mac but can't afford a more expensive one. That's why I got it a few years ago lol
i dont get it wheres the screen
i have one so seeing him talk shit about the fact that it's even in existence...
If I do 100 hammer curls every 4 hours will my veins pop out of my forearms like Austins?
Hey Austin it’s guys!
I'm happy it exists in 2017. I keep one connected to my TV.
The only iPhone product I can afford is apple juice.
Why do You still exist in 2017?
Thank god I'm seeing a review like wth is this tiny box..
I thought that was a Console
New Clash Royale Private Server in my channel\nPlz check it out guys😘😘😘
I dont get how it works, wheres the mouse? Wheres the keyboard, wheres the freaking screen!???
I am crying right now cuz of how I am literally typing this with the 2nd Gen IPad and that its so slow while I watch these IPhone X 8 8 Plus videos and Austin ranting about old ass software and that its shit which is true
Hey guyyysssss, it's Ausssstinnnn, welcome to a new videeeeeoooooo
please stop talking like that
You have both Everybody and The Incredible True Story back there but where is Under Pressure?
Joe Budden Live Streams on my channel! Posting Joe, Livingston, & Nadeska exclusive live streams. It’s the BroadPlug! ⚡️🔌\n\n📹 Insta-Lives, Insta-Stories, Periscopes, Twitch Clips, YT Live Streams, & more!!!!! 📹
APPLE LOL
Hahaha honestly.... that outro.... 😂😂😂😂
that url tho.
I eat ass
lol old MKBHD
didnt even know this shit existed
His voice reminds me of Petyr Baelish 😂
Build nodes.
Love product placement
I want mini Mac & cheese.
God... his voice
So anoyinggggggggg
EXTRA THICC
Whyyyyh does it exissst in twenty seventeeeeen?
slow mooooooooo
Trending?!? OKAY
*cool*
Check out my stupid Youtube videos. Thanks!
Who Wants Subscribers. You can gain your self 100 or more subscribers that are active\nRules\n1.Subscribe to me\n2.stay active\n3.ring that bell\nAnd Then You will have a chance to win a shout out
Who would you cast as adult versions of the Losers' Club in the inevitable It sequel? We're going to have to go with Amy Adams as Beverly.
Movie was garbage and for kids, yet it said 18+ lol
bev marsh in the book was also considered the group slut, she would always have many sexual interactions with the group and pleasing them multiple time, she gave off that vibe but obviously never showed any in the movies
So I'm the only who thought bill was obviously taller than the other guys? Watch mojo trying to lose credibility I see
its good that they got the personality down pat
Do you use the same bathroom as ur mom?
And this is why the Clown sightings is going to start up again.
Where's the spoiler warning???
Best film ever
Pretty
Lmao
Why is this trending
Newcomber
🎈
pokemom
I loved the new movie , it was really scary but one of the best film remakes I've ever seen
He thrusts his fists against the post. And still insists he sees the ghosts!
Nemeses... Not 'nemesises'.
I've been put off by these types of Hollywood movies, because the industry is full of pedophiles, like Victor Salva, the guy behind jeepers creepers & there's more.\n\nPlus there's children that go missing daily, some are used for all types of abuse, including SRA (satanic ritual abuse) & organ trafficking. These sick devils know exactly what their doing.
I could play Finn Wolfhard's character. I'm 100% the character.
Another thing is that the  black kid  was called the n word and dealt with a lot of racism for being the only black kid in a white small town.
Y can't I make 1 mil views
The guy that plays it is fine as fuckk
I love this new movie so much
Anybody else laugh during all the IT scenes?
I'm not sleeping now\nPlease get me something to help my fears\nClowns are scary
This movie was trash , I feel like I'm the only one lol . Everyone says this movie was amazing when to me it wasn't.
I thought it is a movie its lame
Why would a good looking girl be apart of a group called the loser club
Honestly I like this version of IT a lot better because it's really creepy & willing to get bloody. I hope the sequel will be amazing as well
a GAY clown would feed itself quite well in every smaller US TOWN I guess
🎈
Eddie is so hot fucking cute
Good job being fourteenth on trending
Clown's Are Scary!
YAAS FINN
A bully in marvels ant man ?
The pinned comment at the top is proof of the validity of this video and this channel....that would be none.
I saw the movie today... and i cant sleep from watching it... so i go to youtube and scroll through trending...my heart skipped a beat.
No
Did you guys remember the train scene man that was good shit....
Who's seen this ???
it's book accurate...stop comparing it to the mini series.
Looper stop click baiting, for fuck's sake.
dc by Eagles played out late now\n\nPla
Sophia is somehow 5'0, she looked taller but ig that's editing for you
Can I just say\n\nGOD I LOVE THE ENTIRE CAST SO MUCH
It was a really really good movie
THE MANSION IS FROM AMERICAN HORROR STORY😮😮😮
GUYS PLEASE SUB TO ME IF I HIT 1000 SUBS MY FRIEND WILL GIVE ME 100 DOLLARS CASH PLEASEEE
I was disappointed . They did not carry over the spirit of the book
Pennywise teeth remind you of the teeth from the things in dreamcatchers
fans of IT won't soon forget her name.\n\nYou're making the assumption that I remember any actor's name. There are very few I can think of off the top of my head. Maybe a half dozen, and that's from memes. Don't have much memory for people of little importance.
The characters just have new ITerations
I see Chris Pratt playing Ben
Why is Pennywise's nose so huge in the thumbnail?
me encanto
red bull clownathon@
The only thing is... the creature IT, uses the form of Pennywise to better catch his prey, children. He's supposed to be a family friendly looking clown, kind of like Tim Curry's portrayal of him, but Skarsgard's portrayal seems alot more like he would frighten kids away :L
Am I the only one that wants no name actors for the adult versions of the characters? The movie star presence would really take me out of the movie
fin made that movie
Pleas I wish to get 1000 subscribe pleas help me \nPleas
Nfk
Scuffed j's
Amazing acting.
Who else wished IT wasn't in chapters?
This movie was ass
Personally, I thought that Tim Curry's Pennywise was scarier because it was more realistic, and that's scarier (to me, at least). I wasn't scared of this one since it was obviously CGI'd.
still ship the new kid and bev
Wow I literally got an It ad 😂😂😂😂
Lol is it just me or does mike hanlin look like mohamed ali
Watch IT again look at the front of bills hair its red its a firey red in his fringe!
This is quite possibly the most unnecessary video ever made.
Stan Uris in the book does not have a sense of shaken faith. It is the opposite. His faith combined with parenting of his parents prevents him from fully accepting that something absurd and crazy like a powerful creature Pennywise exists at all. The book says that his faith and culture always pull him to worldview that everything makes sense, has cause and effect, and some kind of order.
For the grown cast they should be: Jessica Chastain as Beverly \nRyan Reynolds as Ritchie \nPatrick Wilson as Ben\nJames Mardsen or Paul Rudd as Bill\nJosh Lucas as Stanley \nAdrian broody as Eddie \nBoris Kudjoe as Mike
Nope...Pennywise in the original was the scariest character EVER! I'll watch this because Stephen King is THE MAN, but i'm not expeccting better than the original.
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord, crucified, buried, and risen from the dead, died for sinners, turn to Him
Who else thought the guy that played pennywise cute
Who else got an IT Ad
Who else got a advertisment for IT before the video?
Pennywise-Jackfilms
The movie was great, if you haven't watched it you should.
这youtube怎么设置头像啊？！！
YOU KNOW WHAT THESE ARE MOM!? THEY'RE GAZEBOS!!!!
Washing machines live longer with Calgon!
I get the point of the vid, but the acting is 100x more important than how they look.
How the cast of what
It was a great movie I’m starting to feel clown season is going to happen again
Still an awesome movie. Stephen King is a GOD.
Jack is a smol bean
fucking gazebos
Pinche payaso no da miedo da más mi suegra en ropa interior
Y un comentario en español :v
shIT
Serious question: why does IT say beep beep richie? Like..richie didnt have the beeping watch, that was eddie. Is it bc he swore alot?
The cast should of been absent, this movie should of never been made, I hate when they remake a old movies, come up with your own shit
This movie was not good
Donald glover should play the black kid
🎈\n                 🎈🎈\n               🎈🎈🎈\n             🎈🎈🎈🎈\n           🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈\n             🎈🎈🎈🎈\n                🎈🎈🎈\n                   🎈🎈\n                      🎈\n                       🤡\n                       👕\n                       👖\n                      👞👞
Definitely not better than the original, not scary and I don't recommend it
GUESS WHO'S BACK? \nBACK AGAIN?\nALFONSO'S BACK\nTELL YOUR FRIENDS\n(Watch it first tho)
IT'S BEEN TOO LONG!  So glad you're back, my routine can go back to normal!!
Roses are red\nViolets are blue\nAlfie's videos are back \nAnd so are you!
Your back😂😂😂😂 thank goodness, missed you and Zoe last week, just wasnt the same💙
Now you're both back from holiday I feel like Autumn can officially begin! 🐿🌲🍂🍁
Missed saying these words: #LBWGANG where you at?
Never been this early! Hello from Australia! 😊🌏
Missed the vlogs and also the morning backflip
Missed saying these words: #LBWgang
Alfie's back on that daily grind 💯 hope you guys enjoyed your family holiday!! looked so fun 👌🏼
GOD I MISS THE INTRO SOOO MUCH, it means alfie is back yaaaay
OMG I hardly survived without a week of Alfie's vlogs missed you hope you had a great week ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Evan was the first to like it (my bro)
Love u Alfie!!!! Hope you had a nice time!!! LBW SQUAAADDD 😙😙😙😙
Finally found it xx
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
FINALLY FOUND IT
Omg I've missed alfie sooo much I could cry!!
Lbw watching where u at
The beginning of this video hahaha! LBW squad <3
Before a hundred
alfieeesss backkkk
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️sad that you didn't vlog for a week. Had nothing to watch
Heyy alfie
Notification squad// LBW gangggg
I felt so empty without these vlogs cause they literally get me through life, ly Alf 💛\nP.S. lbw squad where you at?
So so glad your back missed you, glad you had a good holiday ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I couldn't wait for this I even hung up FaceTime with my best friend 😂😬
Love u
your finallyyy backkk xxx love youuu !!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
YESSS FINALLY! Welcome back bro
LBW SQUAD X
Lbw gang🤙🏼
Wow #LBW squad. Someone must have notifications to dislike (secret fan)
I missed these vlogs!
wow
LBW gang🤘❤
Early💜💜
Missed you so much alfie😭😭😭
i hate sand as well, i recently went on holiday and we went to the beach i was dying inside
You can get the Nutella bars in the UK!! Sold in Sainsbury's,  they've just been released 😁
They sell those nutella things in the UK, in Asda! :)
looks like such a lovely place!! Really want to go island hopping in Greece! \n\np.s you can get those Nutella bars in a lot of Tesco's and Asda's in the UK!!
YOU CAN GET THOSE NUTELLA THINGS IN FARMFOODS... ALSO COME CO-OPS\nYOURE WELCOME
U can get those in the U.K.
We do have those Nutella things in the uk I bought some from asda not long ago xx
They sell the Nutella bars in Asda, 6 for £1!
You can the the Nutella  b-ready stick in the uk 🇬🇧
Does anyone know what the balls were called at 12:20 ?
Really missed your vlog, glad you've had nice holidays and really glad to have you back daily vlogging :)
They started selling B-ready bars in U.K. last week
You can get the Nutella things on Ocado here in the U.K. 🙈
Glad you had a great holiday, how lush does it look 😍 by the way you can get the Nutella bars in the uk we have them in our Asda xx
You can get the Nutella b ready in b and m xxx
They do the Nutella be ready in the uk I get them Every week x
You can get them in the uk!! X
PLEASE DO GOPRO FOOTAGE OF YOUR HOLIDAY LIKE LAST YEARS MYKONOS TRIP
You can get those Nutella things in the uk I have them all the time
They do sell the nutella things in the uk!! I got a box from Asda and honestly they made me so happy!!!!
This is so beautiful ❤ what a lovely sunny atmosphere. It would be so nice to enjoy that delicious meal with loved ones on the Mediterranean beach in the evening. And Zoe looks stunning in that black suit and so happy and relaxed.
Loved the BBQ food, love the place you stay at in Mykonos, love that you get together with the whole family.Thx & see ya. : )
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the server at the beach dinner 😱 Gorgeous guy ✔️ Sexy accent ✔️ Brings food ✔️
Hey everyone 😊 does anybody know the name of the hotel they stayed in as I'd love to book a week for me and my other half for his birthday as we travel alot..thank you
The Nutella chocolate bars ARE available in the UK. I've been eating then for the past couple of weeks. Tesco sell them, even my local costcutter.
Videoception? I'm sure we were watching a video in a video in a video at one point!
Omg I went to hippie fish when I was in Mykonos and its so good, I think I stayed in the same hotel too its really nice at breakfast. Dont worry Im not a stalker and I wont be coming back for a while my family found it too windy at night. Try Kythira its another amazing Greek island.
They sell the Nutella B-ready in Asda ☺️
Lbw squad!! Missed your vlogs😭
Alfie is a pure vlogger.
Thnx for sharing these special moments Zalfie 🤗😙
god damnit. I need a drone
That meal looked INCREDIBLE
LOVE U AND HOLIDAY VLOGS
Aww love this #trending! ❤️
You can get Nutella b-readys from Asda :)
Trending number 5!!!!!!
I've missed your vlogs so much ❤️
🍫🍫🍫🍫 \nYou can get the Nutella bar in the uk. \nI found them in the co-op x
I'm so excited that Alfie's vlogs are back!! 😍 I've missed them so much! #LBWSquad 💖
Heyyyyyyyyyy xxxx
#5 on trending. Good job
LBW squad where you at ???????
Hi Alfie ILSM i subscribed to u and put post notifications for a year and a half now and ur vids just make my day thank you xxx
Lbw woohoo x
#lbw squad💗
lbw peeepppsss still hereeee🤙🏼❣️
Hi
#LBW SQWUAAADD!!!
Hiiiiiiii yayayayayyay your backkk
Sup early squad xx
LBW 😩😩😩
SO early missed you!!!!!!
#LBWgang
LBW Squad!
LBW SQUAD!!!!!
#LBWSQUAD 😝
😍😍😍
SNAPCHAT SQUADDDDDD
Love u Alfie 💖💖
LBW SQUAD WHERE U AT?!!!
Don't even bother buying this bullshit phone
What the what!?!...wait wait wait. Wasn't this device released earlier this year? 🤔🤔🤔
Apple to lead in design lmao. They initially copied the essential phone lol
64gb isn't enough??? How much fucking porn do you download
In Canada the iPhone X costs 1300$ 64Gb 1500$ 256..
Here's the real reason: it's overpriced crap and you'd be an idiot to buy it.
Yet, retarded sheep will still buy it.
I've been reading the comments and I do notice apple copy's Samsung BC I know the galaxy s8 came out where its all screen and suddenly we got iPhone x. \n\nI might get the iPhone x just BC I still use a moto E android phone and I'm dying for a serious upgrade but if the iPhone x has flaws I might go with 6,7 or 8 idk.
Promotional Offer: get an iPhone free of charge. Claim & Win free iPhone 7. To successfully enroll and get a FREE iphone move to the google search and type: *givefonesaway*
So many people getting hung up and obsessed with a phone. After the first week, the novelty wears off and you revert back to reality... it's a phone, you're still gonna take shit selfies with it at slightly better quality, you're still going to tweet things to strangers that nobody gives a shit about. Take your 1k, treat you wife/husband to a luxury weekend away, buy your kids some toys, go out for a meal with your family, go on holiday/vacation, remember, it's just a mobile fucking phone.
Good to hear some 'negative' thoughts on the iPhone from you. I love Apple Products, but they're not perfect. So keep on producing your great content. I alway love watching your vids!
in our country, iphone X will cost 1400$ already. note 8 is the same. ill go to US and buy iphone X to add to my android phone.
this channel is the worst videos ever!i dont want to talk to much,just check his channnel name (he always let iphone win no metter)suck channel🖕
Oh so that's how it is? We exposing niggas now?
i dont knoe if my mom is buying me the iphone x  she choossee i phone 6,8,x oh well
Revolutionary new product really? almost all tech they are just introducing now have been launched by android flagships. 1. OLED 2. Quickcharge (in which the quick charge power brick is not even included in that $1000 srp) 3. Wireless charging.
Apple IPhone is straight trash, stick to the note series.
Its funny cause the iPhone X looking just like an Android.just with an apple logo on the back.for that prive guys i promise u,u can get a bigger android phone.
$1000 for an Iphone... \n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou know how many Nokias I can buy for $1000!!!
Your crazy because you made a video that practically contradicted yourself your telling a audience not to get the iPhone x because of the pricing one and because of future glitches due to it being a first generation model but yet your saying you'll get it yourself ummmmmm ok 👍🏼
A 1000$ for something as material as a phone!! No thanku..! 😕
that face id is going to be a pain for  people who use pounds of makeup
In america an iphone x is a 1000$ i europe an iphone 7 is 1000€
Just my opinion here. But I think you should only make iPhone X videos, with the actual phone. Showing a clone doesn't really help us decide weather or not we should get it. I know that it's not available yet and you're trying to keep up. But maybe be a bit more reliable, instead of showing mock ups. Please.
That missing iPhone 9 reminds me the missing Windows 9.\nWaiting for an Apple and Microsoft fusion.
I love this channel, even though he is an apple fanatic he is not biased. He's actually helpfull.
Screw iPhone i never liked i phones or iPods had an iPhone cant even remember what generation it was yeah thats how bad i hated it, that was  years ago though and didn't like.  Had Android befor switched TO iPhone NEVER EVER AGAIN and i dont care how advanced iPhone gets will never go back
So is the 10 the 1 with the new design
1k for a phone? i'm done with Apple. time to check out the competition. any suggestions? i'm thinking google or samsung.
I won't be buying one anyway, but this video only gives opinions, not facts.
Anyone that buys this phone is a idiot
3:20 Lol that dynamic scrolling animation was a literal joke made by a developer to show how ridiculous the black bar is. Now you're kinda misrepresenting the developer's work by taking it seriously.
I don't see the need to go out and buy the newest thing the moment it comes out. I'm still enjoying my iPhone 7
buying  iPhone  achieve s just one    put money into a greedy company  \njust buy a android  under 200$  and  gadget s for another 100  you can pretty much do  everything you hope to do will a I phone \nfor an I phone  by average you have to spent double the amount of you phone on its gadget s  and it will be worthless with in a year
ill give you 10 reasons not to buy iphone x. the first reason is the price, after all im still getting it. well because i can afford it.
Can't wait when this channel changes to Everything Android Pro
Stop sooking. $999 is cheap in Aus. My 6s was $1200 and the new iPhone x is $1800
I'm an iPhone user. Not this time
Nothing is wrong with th iPhone 7, great device behind the classic iPad Air2
I have an iPhone SE with 5 GB AND a tiny screen so this still seems great sooo... lol not that I have enough money haha
I wouldn't buy it strictly because how expensive it is right now. $1000 for a phone?That's ridiculous.Really Apple?Really!?
10 years leading? looks already half year behind samsung
1.Cuz i’m broke ¯\_(ツ)_/¯                                          I only need 1 reason :)
Hey guys, another thing you should know is a website I discovered this website and I know it's pretty cool for downloading Mp3 or Mp4 from youtube and close to 200 other websites. It's IOS 10 supportive, https://goo.gl/bESLJ6 thank me later.
I use my android phone 2 call, text, email, and internet if any New phone is better Halla.
I got a blu advance it's a cheap pos but it does the jawd ans wonr lose sleep if something happens to it .And fones are gonna be obsolete soon thank cawd
They're innovative because they do it better than any other tech company
AT MINUTE 3:59 , YOU CAN SEE THIS GUY WEARING A BLUE  T-SHIRT THAT IT SAYS  SAMSUNG  NOT WONDER HE IS TALKING SO BAD ABOUT THE  I PHONE , HE IS THE COMPETITION  !!!!
I stick with what I got. The price is crazy.
Buy the Apple X now\njust buy a Samsung Note 8 shipping today\n\nby the time Apple fixes production issues\nyou will get the X when Samsung releases the new Note 9 in a year\n\nand sell Apple stock short and make a fortune
i woukd never run out if 64gb
iPhone is an overpriced piece of bullcrap anyway. Android is way better. iPhone is a piece of glass and alluminium for snobs, sluts, whores, bimbos with plenty of implants and lip injections, jerks and assholes. In other words for stupid people that spend a plenty of money for a shit only to feel important, superior to others and fashionable, not because they really need one, considering they use it mainly for selfies and photos. I actually own an iPad air and an iPod classic, so you can't call me jealous for not having an Apple product. But iPad is one of the few performant tablets, meanwhile there are a lot of better phones way cheaper than iPhone. Very sadly Apple stopped the production of the legendary iPod classic, Shuffle and Nano to make those overpriced shitty iPhones. R.I.P. iPod Classic.
$1000 plus $150 for a few more giga bites....if u homeless n walking n buy this I'd kick u out my krib...frSelfish all demonic ass iphone. Y'all on y'all coon Jordan shitOver priced .... $1000 for a phone n has kids idgaf how much u make that's sickening.. I will never pay as much as a car. N it dont cure cancer so gtfoh ... If u buy this I can't fuck with u no more
4:29 do you really need that thing just to fast charge 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I still am not a fan of the bar on top of the screen... It's the first thing my eyes drawn to 😬
10 reasons not to buy the iphone x\nim still gonna buy it tho
apple exploiting the hell out of people and the people love it!
Just buy a Huawei, mine has been running for 3 years straight and if it breaks you can repair it easily.\nBtw which idiot spends a 1000$ on a phone anyways, id rather have a brick nokia and 970$
... still want it, i just don't like the glass casing
In Canada, the iPhone X 256GB, is going to be the most expensive iPhone yet, over $2000 if bought outright with AppleCare after taxes.
You should make a video on 100 reasons not to buy the Iphone 8.\n At least Iphone X has some new features to offer. What does the 8 have?
Hi. At 4.52 you show short cut screen. How have you got the bottom two rows of widgets. I’ve got the latest iOS 11 beta and I don’t have that. ??
64GB (of storage) will last forever currently i've only got 5GB, so that would a massive upgraded
£1,000 for a phone? And yet millions of people in a literally starving to death. This world is insane
Why I should not? Bruhh I have the money and I'll buy it.
Always had an iPhone currently using the 6 plus I'm going to switch and get the S8 this time
One thing for me sums up the iPhone X...the new animoji talking poop, sums up the new phone quite well actually. This new phone is only giving people what has been available for a long time already by other manufacturers. They tried to cover this up at the keynote with a lot of fluff words and the sheep there just lapped it up once again. The new screen...made by Samsung and bought by Apple is already in other phones for less money. Once again there is no expandable storage...why not? Face ID..nothing new and others have it as well as fingerprint ID so the choice is yours. Customization...not if you buy an iPhone, you have to wait for a jailbreak that may never come to do the same things that you  can easily do on other devices. I have an iPhone but this will be my last one as I will be throwing off my woolly coat and leaving the flock, no more baaa baaa for me. After investigating what is around now and what is coming in the near future I am pretty sure that my next phone will be an LG v30..looks good enough for me.
Why isn't there an iPhone 9
10 Hidden iPhone Features You Should Be Using (2017) http://kimechanic.com/4aY
Although I wont be getting the iphone X what was everyone expecting out of this phone. Get you a cold beer while you sit in your lazyboy?
In a few months or so - Samsung learns what not to do - courtesy of Apple X! Ha!
I don't want to buy it because it's small. I'm waiting for the plus to come out. Think I'm paying a small 1000 bucks for this very small phone? Hell no, I'm buying the iPhone x plus!
Hey @everythingapplepro, don’t record audio in that room again, there is too much echo 🤙🏼
Tell me why the back of the iPhone x looks like a Samsung with the glass and metal...
iphone: the new iphone coming out!\nsamsung: what's new?\niphone: were getting facial recognition!\nsamsung: had that 4 years ago next!\niphone: we're getting wireless charging!\nsamsung: had that 2 years ago next!\niphone: were getting water resistance!\nsamsung: had that 3 years ago next!\niphone: nothing is better than a iphone!!\nsamsung: your screen is from samsung you know, its our technology!\niphone: what am i paying for then?\nsamsung: a galaxy s6!
Definitely staying with the 7plus 😂😂
Why do girls honestly care if you got an iPhone. I bet if a nigga gets this, they'll on god tryna suck your dick to just take a picture of themselves with this phone to just put in Instagram, Facebook, snapchat, etc.
We all know android is better. We just don't give a fuck.
Apple is ripping people off. They always want you to buy stuff to use their products. That's why I got rid my iPhone and switched to android. Android has all the bells and whistles but cheaper. For 1k£ I could buy HTC u11 and Sony MDR 1000x headphones and still have money left. Been happier with HTC than with Apple. Rest in pieces Apple, cause they break so fucking easily.
Apple could care less what you think as long as the money comes in from dedicated fans Apple does what they want smh
HOW TO ENTER RECOVERY MODE WITH IPHONE 10?
$1829 AUD. iSheep will still buy smh.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
Overpriced and stupid enough said
iPhone 7/8 is better
Fake reviewers like brownlee and iJustines.
Jhon cena will not buy this phone
Fuck Apple
How to make wireless earphone\nhttps://youtu.be/gNWHZAcRGRw
IT ISN'T REVOLUTIONARY WTFFFFFFFF
A-🤔🤔Will people buy IPhone X?\nB-😫Are u mad...people will not buy.😞\nC- I will BUY IPHONE X💩\nA and B - 😂😂🤣🤣😂We talked about people, stupid!!...💩
Comment which one u like better IPhone 8 or IPhone X (10)
He says shit at the end he says im gonna buy it anyway. What a douche
i just got the 6s plus a month ago & im happy with it . i had a regular 6 but it started feelin out dated because i didnt have the multi touch feature but now that i have it i feel new again .  glad to see that iOS 11 doesnt slow down the older models either !
None of these reasons are compelling enough not to buy the X.  Go fuck yourself.  Thanks.
10 years later : Today we are releasing the all new amazing Iphone XX(iphone 20). Priced at 2500 dollars only (applause). As a new feature, we are introducing the all new advanced camera with xray vision capabilities to scan your bone structure for unlocking your phone. Made with such advanced revolutionary hi tech by our engineers, So hi tech that each time you scan using it, 20% of battery is drained in the process. But don't worry. You can purchase a Special xray scanner compatible battery made from even higher cutting edge tech from the nearest apple store for just 699 dollars each.
I phone 7,8- No headphone jack. \nI phone X - No fingerprint sensor and navigation \nI phone 11 - No display \nAnd... \nThe I phone 12 - Nothing just a apple byte. 😂😂
I love how he mentions its flaws and why not to buy it, then he proceeds yes I'll still get one
fingerprint censor on the back is the future
where u at 6s gang
You need to make a tshirt that says cheeky little coffee
You're making history. Congrats on arriving back in the UK. All the hours of filming and editing are so appreciated. This is Youtube Gold.
JP is sooooo cute.   What a great trip for all 3 of these guys
People often talk about having a sense of physical and psychological wellbeing. However I consider in terms of holistic well-being, what you are feeling Louis is a sense of spiritual and emotional well-being.  I think it's a hard place to get to especially when you are living in a rat race society with so many commitments.  Loving this trip!
kurt cobain was playing a show in a town in scotland, and he felt a strange feeling, like a connection to the place, and later, he found out he had relations from that exact town
Come to Inverness
6:19 Guy on the right looks like scout from tf2
Love the beats in this episode!
I'll take some cashews. I like cashews. and then you wip out a banana.  :-)
Sightseeing is just a BIT better in a 210 (high wing, no struts) than a Bonanza, Matt!  (But Bonanzas do fly better :) lol)
I want to know whether or not the coffee I'm drinking is a cheeky little coffee or not. I don't know how to tell the difference.
Everything about this video is top notch, Great Job!
OMG THE TREE HOUSE SUPER COOL! =)
Simply put this series is legendary.
Thanks for promoting our beautiful country. You are welcome home anytime.
Nice to see the guys smiling in unison! \nGood vibes!\nShout out to the pilot/s ♡☆♡
Why did you leave Scotland in the first? *draws Tesco discount shank from north face puffer jacket*
Just wondering when is Louis' coffee not cheeky and little ahahah ;P
freaking out that my little home country is in your video Louis! you should come and visit the Faroe Islands. It's a very special place with unique nature :)
The music remind me of samurai champloo lol
i enjoyed this
7th on trending bro 😮
Nice video man
Dude, why are all your coffees cheeky?
Those aircrafts scare me.
That freaking castle!
That Scottish castle was awesome!
On my word!!! I agree with Louis that tree house is is awesome! I have never seen anything like that with the trees coming out of the roof. It definitely looks like something out of Lord of the Rings or something. Someday I want to go to Scotland too because I am Scottish as well.
What plane are you flying
Love it! I just started my own vlog, I'd love for you to check it out. Keep up the amazing work!
Oh hey it's the North Korea dude
what are the fuel prices for planes like this ?
I live in wick.
someone should do a compilation of Louis saying Aiight i got a cheeky little coffee :D
Omg my ex is in this video at 12:45 what a coincidence
I ONLY FOUND OUT IT IS IN 4K NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please do a tour of Scotland and come to Fife 😍 I didn't realise you were half Scottish. We love you 😁
Yoooo most my dads family lives in wick and Thurso I knew I recognised that castle 😄
Louis...you don't come to Scotland enough
Great music for that epic drone shot!
Haha, here on my up next video queue there's a video from CBS about Matt's flying around the world.
Pretty cool to see that castle and can't wait to see the abandoned one!
Experience is by far better then 2D sofa riding
OMG!!!  That Castle!!!!   Amazing!!!!  Love these videos!!!!
hello all, come and check us out
Great Vlog Guy's :)
wow this is very delayed. Alfie made his vid when you arrived 2 weeks ago. You must be in spain or something idk! xd loving the vlogs
https://youtu.be/Eupd8Nu1h3o pretty cool from cbs interview with Matt when he flew around the world.
Wow amazing inspiring video. Keep sharing. Love and support!
Yay Louiiiiis!!!! Damn you guys are working hard in this trip, stay healthy!
Brilliant I heard you were in wick, shame I never bumped into you😢❤
Time for Louis to find an editor alot of the other vloggers are doing it these days.
i really cant listen to the flight mic when you can hear everyone... louis alone is fine, but jp and the other dude just hurts in my ears.
Is it a cheeky little coffee and  a cheeky coffee the same thing?  Asking for a friend 🤓
Louis you don’t have to loose sleep because of us! I personally will wait. Its better to be healthy and sleep so get your rest and do the editing when you have enough rest.
This is really nicely filmed!!!
show less of inside of the cockpit and more of the outside scenery...less facetime...!!\nit'll be much better to see the outside scenery than same people talking everytime..\nanyways loving the trip...!
Really great video guys. Louis really good to see you engage with the camera with some knowledgable rehearsed content, being a lot more like a presenter. In fairness, you did explain you hadn't had much sleep prior to going to sleep on the plane, but this could be a useful time to give some camera feedback even if these are facts that JP and Matt have relayed to you first. Louis seems a lot more upbeat now that he is back in the UK in this vlog. Presumably, as he is now regaining control.  \nWhat amazes me more than anything is how healthy Louis looks yet clearly needs to be healthier. Dude, you sound knackered, lay off the caffeine and do some more exercise you sound like you are in really poor shape dude. The last tip .... never make eye contact when you are eating a banana dude lol!
Three white males, this triggers me so much. And the way Louis says guys rather than gender neutral people.
Fun fact, Matt ended his around the world trip at High Performance Aircraft at Gillespie Field in El Cajon (San Diego), California. I work one hangar away from that and watched him during his press interview when he landed.
Can everyone subscribed to me please I do gaming videos
this is so inspirational - i would love to travel the world some day❤️❤️
Awesome video. Seems like the drone camera is a bit wonky though, horizon is off in all of the clips
Welcome to Caithness. My home county😊😊😊👌👌
Great Vlog bro. Loved that castle.  Don't stress yourself over getting the vlogs online all the time. We're all human and travelling round the world can't be easy - make sure you sleep and get enough rest. We can wait - your health is more important Sir.
I just came across your vlog by accident and you landed in my home town! So cool! A little bit homesick now though 😂 your whole trip looks so awesome, gonna have to go back and watch the rest 😀
why did the route change from islamabad to mumbai?
Great drone footage.
Enjoying this epic trip.Can't wait for Africa and Asia...
why didn't you interview @DaveErasmus for your upcoming Aftermovie ? 🤔
Thanks Louis for making these videos. My mornings be like, yeees, new episode is out. I'm happy for you and your happiness about how you are happy about how you live your live. Motivational and you keep others moving just by being yourself. Cheers
Louis sleep is important. I hope you guys stay a couple of days in a location soon so you can all rest. Love these videos tho. Great series!
One of the main ingredients in haggis is sheep's lung.  Haggis is banned in the U.S.
Love the 4k, it is worth the rendering time.  It will also help future-proof the documentary.  Keep up the great work!
What's happened? You haven't flown in over a week
A great place for a wedding may be????
Damn Louis! Always killin it!  Really love that Logo animation in the beginning!
Haggis is so good. People freak out about what it is but it's actually delicious.
Louis, I think that was the land welcoming you back home (Scotland).
Save yourself the time and drop the 4k..didnt even know it was, seemed like 1080. waste of time if know one notices. the only time it is noticeable and worth doing is for aerials and very scenic land shots. \nget some sleep instead :D
come to Fiji when you flying over the Pacific....
Have you guys got on on each others nerves by now?  How are you coping?
I would be so scared to fly around the world ahhh , I wonder if these smaller planes are safer than big people carrier ones.
I feel like Louis never includes enough of the flight in these episodes which is half of the adventure id think. does anyone agree?
What up with Tell me more in the background at the haggis place?
I was excited every upload in watching your series, but u take way to long to upload, I literally forgot about the vlogs
Thanks for the awesome experience of watching your adventure Louis!!
i’ve lived in scotland my entire life (20 years) and never ate haggis i have no idea how matt was able to do it
I love your videos man, if you make your way to China I gotta get you in my vlog!
Just out of quitosity, why dont we have to wear those dry emertion suits when you are on a comercial flight? Just intrested thats all
I question whether 4K is necessary for YouTube vlogs, because the vast majority of viewers do not have 4K graphics. I'm watching in 1080p and the picture quality is excellent.
Really enjoying these vlogs guys.\n\nI was born in Scotland on the east coast in Stonehaven. Now living in Australia we visited ( for the first time since I left in 1971) two years ago and I had the very same nostalgic feeling every moment I was there.....  when I left it was as sad as it was when I left the first time.
Those drone shots of the castle and the music, Soo Perfect!
Louis spends half the flights asleep, what's the point of flying round the world if you just sleep through it!!
Those suits are cool and so smart your being safe.
Can we all acknowledge how extremely unfit Louis is. Like he is out of for 85% of this video and thats from walking from the plane to the car. Kind of worrying.
Louis, third wheel much?
The castle and the overcast sky were giving me Harry Potter vibes. The green in Scotland is so pretty.
Food for louie
I wish I was a YouTuber? Can I hit 1k before he hits 2 mil?
Welcome to the Pre Match AFTV and Chill Refreshment Stand!\nWe have a wide range of snacks and beverages for all ages.\nPlease select your items in an orderly fashion and have your tickets ready at the door! Enjoy the show!!!\n🥃🍷🍸🍹🍺🍾☕️🌯🥗🍟🌮🥙🍔🌭🍕🍣🍱🍛🍦🍰🎂🍮🍭🍪🍩🍿🍫🍬
No coincidence that the first time arsenal have ever looked like not getting thumped by a big time is when ozil doesn't play. That was the most solid arsenal defensive/midfield performnce vs a big team in years. Deserved point for both teams. Arsenal barely created anything second half but considering they are away from home draw Fair result
Sumfin had some bubble at the border an got in some barney wiv the rozzers coz he ain't got enuff bangers in is rocket for a week long stay so the home office told im to bugger orf up is own end
As usual just lately it will depend upon which arsenal team shows up ,we have proven we can beat them!!!!!!!!!!!...but ill settle for a point,
you can only be dreaming imagining a Chelsea defeat. home and better. in all level.
My brother said if arsenal wins he will swim in the River Don 😂
he only got up for the match for the views
Bit dangerous doing this while driving? Need to show respect to other road users
we are in big trouble!!!! our formation means fabby will be a free man in midfield
he has alexis on the bench like wtf... iwobi is starting
how can you not love Robbie? i aint even a arsenal fan but i just love him troopz+DT true passionate fans
You cant miss this game ? ?  I dont understand what is so special about getting humiliated .
I guarantee if Chelsea win this video will be deleted
first,the line up has to be on point and second,they have to be up for it
GOO ARSENAL , WE CAN DO THIS
Shame Sanchez is not starting but still a great lineup got Kolasinac powering down the wing he will cause trouble, then we can bring Sanchez on later to finish them #COYG
they dont have there best two players on the pitch. Wtf wenger
Ozil left out of the squad completely he's really gone missing
The small pitch doesn't suit arsenal
i feel like everyone thinks Chelsea is gonna win then arsenal gonna win and people gonna be shocked.people gonna cheer when they thought arsenal was gonna win wtf
If he start the right team we are going to be a victor trust Lacazzette  will score alongside Alexis.
Robbie, I feel sorry for you because we're not going to do this \n\nFor all the reasons you listed I predict....\nChelsea 4\nArsenal 1
We are going to win with 0:6💪💪💪
Dude I'm waiting for your post match cries 😂😂
4-1 Chelsea, Xhaka red card. Sorry but we're terrible like that. Wenger will of course blame the ref etc.
Robbie is ill..they gonna bottle it again..im a goonner but it's the reality
imagine sitting next to him for a plane journey
Robbie, you've been sniffing the coke haven't you
if arsenal i will be very happy to start my monday 😄
Come on AFC beat CFC today! For Man City
Arsenal should be 3-0 up at half time, Chelsea playing for a draw against their biggest rivals yet again
Arsenal don't stand a chance
We played second team against Cologne ??? \nWhat match was i watching LOL\nwe played our first team in europa Robbie.. Only ozil ,ramsay and laca didn't play.. (Xhaka being there not being there doesn't really make any difference)
Draw would be a good result for us but i hope we would win it
Robbie's comments...,I can only say I wish,lets have Laca,Sanchez and Ozil all on and on fire. then maybe  Robbie will be right
I'd take a draw tbh
Not feeling very optimistic today. But hey anything can happen
Another 2-1 prediction from Robbie. If his predictions had all come true Arsenal would be on a winning streak going back years and years.
15-0 South Africa in the 12th inning of the second round. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nNailed it.
come then you muppets, its dead innit, all the critics dashed
Notice how he's such a slow driver that he never drives past another car but he is always being overtaken
Robbie looks like a black version of sloth from the Goonies
My boys, chelsea fc keeping it real, unlucky on your win
How was your entertaining draw?\nhttps://www.google.de/amp/s/talksport.com/football/listen-arsenal-fan-praises-fantastic-cologne-supporters-i-wish-gunners-fans-were%3famp
how is this on trending 😂😂
The best game Robbie went to this weekend was MK Dons nice to meet you mate.
I don't watch football. But this guy sounds important.
Robbie's got the sniffles
Is that the M1 just north of Dunstable you're driving on?
As soon as I heard Ozil was not playing I knew we had a chance. For once we had 11 v 11 from the start in a big game.
0-0 not bad....\n\nChelsea are shite this year...
Why you always on trending 😂😂
Ugly fat BALD
#17 on trending 🔴🔴🔴🔴
*1 sniff* *2 sniff* *3 sniff* *4 sniff* *5 sniff*
looking good so far
2-2 Arsenal
Winning the PL!?Hahaha
5-0
What happened to ozil
3-4-3 again :(
Alexis benched! Awful
0—2 arsenal
6-0 come on blues #ktbffh
Don't sniff the coke!
Arsenal are shit
5 nil chelsea
Get well soon Robby..
why is Lacazett on the flanks??\nAgain where the hell is Mertersecker?????\nThis is the formation tiday\nxxxxxxxxxxxCechxxxxxx\nMonrealxxxMustafixxxKoscielny\nKolasnic Xhaka Ramsey Bellerin\nLacazette Welbeck Iwobi
FITE PASHUN DESIYAH
6-0 chelsea
Come Arsenal On Beat Chelsea
Alexis and Özil arnt started
COYG!
come on arsenal
Man City💯💙💙💙
3-3
good luck lads 1-3
Deluded twat!
Robbie cruising in the bugatti
Come on arsenal 2-1 arsenal 🙏🏻🙏🏻⚽️⚽️
5-0 Arsenal. Mark. My. Words.
3-1 Chelsea... again
Chelsea 3-1 Woolwich Arsenal
1-1 arsenal
0-0
Arsene wenger out
0-0
Ur predictions are always 2-1
0-0
behold my voodoo powers
another great super sundie\n😪😪😪😪
you wish.
jesus christ thats one ugly mug
Robbie speeding and dah
69-0 Arsenal
COYGGGG....SHOW SOME FIGHT! We have to make sure were not exposed at the back, like we were against Liverpool.
Have to give Arsenal credit today they were solid all day but poor in the final 3rd #MUFC
Good game. Everyone played well apart from iwobi!  He looked lost and just looked lazy.Even ramesy played well
HAHAHAHAHA TRIFFIC RESULT FOR SPURS
Who else missed her Vlogs?!
Cutting up donuts -- that is genius!!
Sees Estée vlog, grabs coffee, dog, and blanket. Perfect way to wake up!
Love seeing you and Allana together. Two Canadian girls making it big! 🤗❤️🇨🇦 Your interview with Lupita went very well. She is a real beauty!
Man from London to NYC for one day.. they could've at least given you 3 or something to chill for a bit
Thank you Lancome for supporting our lovely Estee <3 Great colaboration
Estée I was smiling ear to ear when you interviewed Lupita! Like my cheeks are hurting because I'm so delighted for you - it's such a cool opportunity. Lupita has such poise and grace so I can't wait to see the video on Lâncome's UK channel. Love that bit about the camera being as tired as you - legit lolled. So much love, keep killing it Estée! 💜 x
Lupita is so calming.
forever hoping my greyhound and I run into you one day <3
That was so cool! You did a wonderful job.
I really miss your videos/vlogs, I can't stop smiling while watching this. Also you look so good! Your outfits (and brows) looks amazing! That Lupita interview too, SO HAPPY FOR YOU💕
Do you ever just pinch yourself and think how did I get here?.  Couldn't happen to a nicer, more genuine person.  ❤️
Missed your vlogs so much 💖
Yaaaay, you went to The Butchers Daughter! That was the place I recommended when you asked about turmeric latte, I hope it was delicious!
Every time I watch your vlogs, I am always reminded how humble and funny you are. This video is the perfect reason why you're my role model. Even though you've accomplished so much, you're always so honest. I appreciate seeing the behind the scenes of everything you do. Thanks for always staying classy yet sassy 😘 xx
Both of my doggies just passed away so thank you Estee for posting a video today to make me feel less alone <3
Gosh Lupita is like a godess, and that deep voice... daaamn
Your accent is sounding so British kkkkkkk I love you channel and I'm glad you're back!! Come to Brazil!!! ❤
wagwan 🅿️engting u r 🔥🔥🔥 hmu w ur bbm pin B😍
I think your style was kinda granny :P
Love it, Estee! You do such a great job on these interviews. 😊
Oh Lupita is such a nice person! Glad that you have had a chance to talk to her, the interview went really well! Good job Estée! :)
Lupita!! <3 Awesome Estee
Estée! Seeing your cute Reggie boy over the years inspired me to get a greyhound too! I now have a black greyhound named Ollie and he's the love of my life!
Yaaay missed the vlogs! <3
esteé... i miss your vlogs 😭😭😭😭
Lupita!!!! Wow well done Estée absolutely amazing
Lupita is everything goals, but those arms 😍 #armsgoals
So beautiful! My ideal woman!😍❤️
I paused doing yoga momentarily to admire those greyhounds because OH MY LORDY, THEY WERE SO STUNNING 😍😍
Lupita is so lovely
My two faves 😩😍
Black top, green trousers: dapper kim possible!!!!
Congratulations!!! Wow 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 Lupita!!! 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Lupita!!!!!!!!!!!!!!^^
wow such a fantastic opportunity to interview Lupita, she is a fantastic woman! Thanks for sharing this with us Estee, another superb vlog!
since today i am following you again. i unfollowed you about two years ago because i did not like your then- vibe that seemed to me a bit narcissistic. now you are obviously so centered, relaxed and good in your skin. i appreciate your grown up approach to your channel and the responsibility that you are willing to take and to use. plus that i believe that aslan stimulates your creativity which i think is so special. congrats estee, thank you, looking forward following you. hugs from switzerland.
OMG she is just so beautiful, even the way she speaks is just mythical, love love love Lupita!! <3
How exciting, Estee!  You ROCKED it!!!  XOXO from Eagle Rock, CA!
Lupita is beyond gorgeous! Also i loved your outfit with the mango trousers x
How exciting! I love your vlogs!
Thank you for being so transparent and showing your Lancome guides. There is some times so much inauthenticity in blogging and it is refreshing to watch your videos. ❤️❤️❤️
I love those green trousers!
💕💕💕
Love your vlogs Estée❤️❤️❤️
OH ESTEE My world is complete again seeing you vlog! They are my partner and I's favourite thing in the world :)
So happy to see an estee vlog in my sub box x loved it x
I miss New York so much love the vlog
I love your blogs more than chocolate... and that is saying something! The reason is definitely just how lovely and classy you are Estee! You are calming, funny and just a joy to watch 😃🤗.
Ummm... Is there any better way to see NYC in one day than spending it meeting the fabulous Lupita??!! She seems so lovely - what a wonderful opportunity!! I absolutely love the black heels you wore at the end! They showcase toe cleavage so chicly!! The doughnuts also looked like they were amazing!! What a wonderful vlog - gracias!
estée you looked really hot in that evening outfit!💕
The 'h' in horchata is silent 😉 the donuts look too good. So delicious
Great video, Estée, and it's good to see you back! An FYI: if you're ever feeling like you need a bit of home comfort, there's a Canadian selling poutine, the real McCoy, on Brick Lane at a food stand. My daughter went and she said it's authentic! 💕
You're look at the beginning is very Elaine from Seinfeld 👍👍
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Thank you for your video.
Hi Estée have u lost weight recently ? Probably because we haven't seen u much on YouTube looks like u have
Estee please be safe in London since Theresa May called for martial law. Cray!
Yasss Estée 💕🙌🏼 killing it like always, and you did great on the interview ✨
Ohh lady, I'm so happy for you! This was amazing! ☺️
On first name bases with oscar winners ! Well done !
So, so, so, SO good to have you back!!!
Omg I remember when you and Claire got those dough doughnuts way back when! I'm so excited to watch the interview with Lupita too, I can tell you killed that interview :)
Thanks for making videos!! Love the vlogs!! Wide angle lens is making me ill. Why so wide?
Lupita is effing beautiful and seems like a cool person!
Ohhh I have to share this after watching the interview! I'm a nurse and 99% of the time on my shifts I wear barely any makeup. Mostly because of the hospital, i just feel gross with it, but also because it somehow just gets all over my face by the end of the shift. My coworker, on the hand, is just how Lupita describes herself - wearing all sorts of lipsticks based on what she feels like that day. My coworker will wear anything from a dark red to a bright plum. And somehow it stays put all day! I really don't know how she does it!
We actually started the process of getting a greyhound a while back (inspired by Reggie of course!) but they wouldn't let us because I have a young daughter 😭😭😭
Psst the original Dough is in Brooklyn ... I think it's better, cooler at least! Donuts opposite the projects.
That Sephora and Dough Donut shop is literally across the street from my job ☺️ how cool would it have been to run into you!! 😊
Are you employed by Lancôme?? I love your sense of style!
Well, I'm sure the trip was worth it! 😉😃
What camera do you use for vloging!? the video quality is amazing!!! love everything you do:)
Lupita is such an amazing human being and so goregous
from the minute i saw her in that pastel blue dress she has been my girl crush.  Lupita is the total package.
You did an awesome job interviewing Lupita! What an honor to meet her; she looked stunning! Both of you make great ambassadors for Lancôme. Thanks for sharing NYC with us, even if only a few hours. ❤️
loved this video! keep it up estée! <3 <3
Love the Church's Estee, my parents' family business is selling English handmade shoes (repairing them is the family tradition really, a family tree of shoe repairers!) and we also sell Barkers which have some pretty colourful ones out atm for ladies and gents, just thought you might like to browse their ladies collection too :) loooong time fan of your videos, love them! xx
Your vlogs are the best! I found myself smiling throughout the video :)
wow you two are so beautiful!! Love you ♥
You have such an attractive way talking with people, I feel like I could hear you talk with me all day! Beautiful vlog tho 💖💛
Awwww...I missed this, whoop! PS: That leather skirt is hawt on you whoa, Lady!
It's true every time I see Estée interview people in her vlogs she does such an amazing job! Ps those donuts looked amazingggg 🍩
So good to have you back, I've come home😊
I was just reading Bloom and saw that you uploaded! Love you and your amazing videos Estee!
You are frickin glowing in the first clip!!!
Looks like you jumped out of a 50s men's clothing commercial. Super groovy.
YOU GO GURL! So proud of you!!!! I'm praying one day that I visit home in NY you will be there. Or when I eventually travel to London I could meet you. Please come to Atlanta.
Estee - where are your blue earrings from? I love them!
Estée! You also inspired me to rescue a greyhound as we unfortunately still have greyhound racing here in Sydney :(
I love everything you do because you're so beautiful and genuine.
That leather skirt tho. <3
I would be nervous too, she looks like the darkness within
Total Shit,neanderthls need to die from cancer quicker!
Am I the only person who's never heard of Lupita?
Doggies!!! i'm the same when it comes to beagles :)))
Loved this so much. Estee you are the REALEST. Thank you for that xx
Hahaha poor sleepy, insane estee
Next time you're in NYC you should try The Doughnut Project. SO GOOOOD. I love Dough so much as well, but the Doughtnut Project might be my number one pick in New York. I'm drooling.
coming to stalk you in my robe soon, miss u already
gurl, you could've used a better lighting!!!!!
Cristine is the closest thing we have to parental supervision on Youtube.
i thought the old taylor swift was dead..
Your allergic to makeup because it's fake holo
Your nails are looking really good and healthy Cristine
Cristine hasn't been shit posting as much as usual. First there was her video on how to grow your nails (which actually has good advice) and now there's this video which tells you how to apply holo flakies. She needs to shit post more!.
Girl you are hilarious 😂😂😂 definitely entertaining!! You and everyone else that sees this should definitely watch my covers!!! Sub if ju like 😉 by eee!
*You know what the funny thing is?*\n\n\n\n\nI don't even have nails to [do] nail polish, and yet still watch her videos WHYYY?? Because she's fucking hilarious
the nail that didnt have that much holo on it kind of looked like an opal.... HOLY SH*T ARE OPALS HOLO?!?!?!?!?!?
I was once holophobic and now I'm a proud holosexual
The hardcore shit that'll keep ya all night long\n\n*weird because this video is what kept me up all night long*
do you want to learn colors :d
Unicorn snot glitter gel is safe for the face and its holo!
I really want to buy this parody of shake it off on iTunes.. XD
the holo.... it's BEAUTIFUL
tHOSE POOR *BABY HOLO THAT WAS LEFT ON THE TABLE*\n\n-tries not to cry-
The majority of every citizen has, or will experiment with these candy-coated chocolate 🍫 alternatives by the end of the MySpace/Facebook generation
So I was scrolling through some of menchie's faves polishes and saw Tristram. I was biased because of my favorite game(Diablo 3) XD
wtf is this shit? Also how the hell do you have 4.3 million subscribers. fuck people are dumb, how the hell did i ever end up here!?!?!
I can't get my hands on that yellow stopper here but how about nail foil glue, is that too sticky?
Today I have come out as a HoloSexual. 💿❤️
do 100 coats of nail polish but *HOLO* edition
Never seen this channel or heard of this chick but she sure does act alot like pewdiepie
Cristine i love you!! And i also have a very serious question!\nHow long does gel polish stay on with the peel-off base coat? i like to change my polish weekly, and using a regular gel base coat is too much of a pain to take off (i have to soak my nails for an hour then intensely scrape it off!) However, i also am a waitress and my hands are constantly in water.. would the peel-off base coat stand up to water?
@simplynailogical  Will you do a comparison of Unt peel off base coat & Fingerpaints (Sally Beauty has it) new one??
Is it bad that I have never painted my nails but it was trending and I wasn’t disappointed
I hope you like it \nhttps://teespring.com/lets-go-for-hip-hop
Has anyone else watched all her videos like 100000000000000 times \nJust me?\nOk then I'll leave
I really like how my car is black with like tiny holo flakes
We need a holo hits volume 3.  Cristine help
If only drugs are holo I'd buy a hundred grams and show it to my mom and tell her  WHAT DO YOU THINK?? 😂😂😂
Sounding to much like Jenna Marbles. It's a no no.
If u saw Alisha Marie's recent vid she said holo and it was not holographic it was IRIDESCENT!
You should put glue on your face and put holo flakes on it as the high lighter
Why do you do a pew die pie voice? It's like a strained yell
it's 3:16 am but holo keeps me up all night
I literally gasped out loud when, What da ya think?! was NOT followed by an intense, cringey, violent montage!!!! I was all braced for it and then Cristine threw that kind of mind-fuck-curve-ball at us!  What in the hell is this here today?
You're videos bring me so much joy lol
I can't see anymore.
Since I started watching this channel I started doing my nails way more often. All of my friends know I am holosexual. My parents don't know yet. Any time I see holo anywhere, I say Oh My GoD iTs HoLo!!! Cristine, your channel has changed me for better or for worse. It depends on who you ask. I wish I could  meet you. I look up to you. You are probably not the best person to look up to but I don't care. It would mean so much to me if you liked my comment. \n     May the holo be with you,\n                       Amber\n                       💿🦄💿🦄
I HAVEN'T BEEN WATCHING THE HOLO QUEEN FOR THE PAST WEEK! I FEEL ASHAMED! (╯︵╰,)
Are you from Canada? \nCuz I can tell by your accent.
I wanted to state that if you really want born pretty store things. \nUse wish. Search BornPrettyStore. If your order is super late, doesnt work properly, or is wrong: wish's customer service is top notch and you can get your money back. \nThe plates are a little scratched but mine have always worked.
Please could you do a cheap holo cat or dog collar or anything holo for cats or dogs !
Do an IT nail tutorial!
Who thinks she should try and recreate her nail art that she did blindfolded
Not Drugz... no shit -_-. Anyone who thinks those are drugs deserves to snort it.
Where do you get all that holo from?!? \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPlz tell me..
This video damn near blinded me and I'm not mad about it
Yeah so totally not drugs.... * gets a holo high*
So refreshing with so much FAKE holo in the world right now
I know this isn't really relevant but Tyler deserves more love! I always feel like he is the second cat.
I can't even put on regular pink nail polish. My life is hollow
make your own make up line with real holo in it XD
I swear she keeps saying taco instead of top coat😂😂
I don't even care for holo\nI come here for your personality.
While I am watching this video it is number #18 on trending!! I was here from the beginning!!
Omg i need holo flakes in my life 😍😍😍 i do nails so i know my clients would love that
The holo is on flake
Holly Marie Combs...you look like Holly Marie Combs. lol I'm sorry I know you get the you look like (insert name here) but seriously...
*not drugs*\n\nsounds like something a drug would say....
I hate snakes but this holographic snake is amazing xoxo❤️❤️❤️❤️\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/IrrelephantSocial/videos/726005190942443/
i dont watch your channel, but I keep hearing you say taco instead of top coat lol\nEDIT: apparently you do say taco, due to the taco graphics at times
Last night I had a horrible dream that Cristine was leaving yt,n I was crying my lil ass off ;-;
Does anyone know what UV light she uses?
My eyes had a hard time focussing on the holo.I put on my glasses, but all it did was blind my eyeballs. Now I cannot see the holo anymore.😢💿
Can I get a link to some sheer jelly polish peas?
Conspiracy theory? *Shane Dawson appears out of the corner*
Lol Imma a weed smoker I thought this was a new type of weed or sum hopefully y'all had to throw it in only came here to comment this
I love saying 'bake that sh!t fo a minute!' Haha
Hey what would happen if you did holo on your nails then a mat top coat????
i dont even care about my nails but yet im here
Put  holo sludge into your hair
U should try nail gloves
Everything works better with gelish
Just turned my cousin into holosexual
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
Stop copying Jenna marbles it's fucking cringey
MENCHIE
I think I'm turning holosexual
Unicorn dandruff
glitter + Baby Oil = GOOD TIME ;)
It so beautiful💿
Tiny tina from borderlands?
#18 trending!
menchie is a mood
Shot my first holo today
the besy glossy toca??
#HOLOFORLIFE
#holosexual plz pin this❤️
I watched the whole video in 480p \nCOZ IT'S HOLO!💌💿😢
I think I realized I just like the holo cause I think deep down, I just like shiny things...
WAMPSN get $10 when u sign up on mercari using this code plus 10% ur first purchase. U can get free makeup. ( :
When she says glossy gel taco reminds me of the vine fesh a vaca do \n\n\n\n\n\nJust me \n\n\n\nI'll go home
I love how you say holo 😂\nAlso... NO What do yah think? EDIT, WHYYY!😭
Mom: Wth are you watching?\n\nMe: I'm watching sparkly science!
So size does matter?!🤔\n\nCause you know the bigger the better 🤣
OK who actually does her beautiful tutorials? mhm im lazy as shit and my bf sometimes paints my nails with HOLO so um i think Christine has enough beautiful nail peelies porn for the whole world but u still should make morre <3
WhAt Do Ya ThInK. Issjjdjdoaisjdjxbdbwj
FUQK THE FAKE HOLO , I GOT DA REAL HOLO , CRISTINE , YOU ALWAYS ON TRENDING MY BETCH 😂😂
You sound like you are trying to emulate Jenna Marbles
The greatest moment of the human race has been documented in the last minute of this video.
This was without a doubt the funniest thing I've seen on TV for at least 20 years... The same guy stacking it on the stairs five minutes later was the second funniest.
This game & also when he tripped in the Aztec zone, is why he'll be remembered as a classic Crystal Maze contestant
I love physical rob.
I've never written a youtube comment ever. This was by far, the greatest three minute video I've ever seen. The spinning, the faces of his compatriots waiting outside horrified and the fact he failed at the part of the challenge which wasn't even supposed to be a part of the challenge. Amazing 10/10
The final minute of this is carnage, so so funny. Well done to all involved with the revival, has been a great watch.
I don't think they chose the best man for the job. I couldn't stop laughing. When Richard said this is becoming exsistential I lost it.
THANK YOU for uploading this, I haven’t watched terrestrial TV in over a decade and didn’t realise they had revived this show from my childhood! I randomly watched this live and laughed so uproariously I think I tore something internally! Definitely watched this more than a dozen times and still funny😂😂😂😂😂
Priceless.
This is a dramatization of astronaut Mark Watney being stuck on the planet Mars
here we see the captive human, spinning himself into a tizz
So frustrating its actually depressing..
My god I watched this live and haven't stopped laughing. I think that's the 19th time I've watched it.
Can we talk about how they called them cosplayers when they were in fact furries?
This was hilarious also shortly after this he fell over face first on the floor but luckily he had his helmet still on.
I laughed so much it was painful. And then he ran off to the next challenge still wearing that helmet !!
My girlfriend and I were pissing ourselves laughing. Funniest moment ever in Crystal Maze
I feel like he was this bad on purpose, to leave a legacy on the show he likes so much.
This moment is going to be on best tv moments next year. This episode was hysterical
When did this show start again and Richard as the host brilliant.
That fat fuck s a retard... he doesn't know how to control his own damn body
This is what happens when you don't keep fit.
10 seconds in and it sounds like he ran a marathon. Wrong guy for the job
Wheres the mad bald gay bloke in the tiger jacket?
Don't make me shave your captain  ~ the human race 2017
I feel sorry for the guy because there is no way he's running away from this
Thank you Rob for the laugh, you really are a donut going round and round
This might be the best episode yet of the revival.\n\nTeam came in all guns blazing, even completed that impossible light-code/restart-button game - then it all became a complete shambles, lock ins galore and this failure. \n\nI love how after a minute and a half, only one planet was traversed and then came the throwing in of the towel which also flopped to the floor for an ALIS. (I used the acronym, Richard!)\n\nIt's great to see teams doing well and winning, but even better watching them fail. 😂 Captain should have just left them all locked in and get as many gold tokens as possible!\n\nI loved The Crystal Maze as a 4 year old and I love it now. ❤️ Thank you for bringing it back!
Who on earth gave this fat fuck a Physical game?? And how the fuck did he pass the medical for this gameshow?? His breathing sounds like he needs a fuckin' ventilator because the fat is pushing in his lung capacity.
Christ this was painful to watch. That guy was so shit he shouldn't have been let on the show.
Doesn't help the fact that he's carrying the weight of three people
The guy in the green looks like the KFC man
It was even funnier when they only had 5 seconds in the dome, quality content from the team. :)
This is the pinnacle of British TV
Watched this live too. Funniest thing on TV in AGES!!
Should if got the bit when he fell up the step😂😂
What a waste of air
That was Rob's first of this swing planets model outer space of the solar system of not getting a crystal & first to be ALIS automatic locked in!
I watched this on tv today lol 😎😜🙂
PLEASE SHOW THE PART WHERE HE TRIPPED OVER IN AZTEC ZONE, I NEARLY DIED.
poor person for the job looking at him his twin got locked in too! Lol.
This was so funny we couldn't stop laughing
This was so funny. It got even better when they went to the next zone and he fell over still wearing the helmet 😂
Right finally everyone I have persuaded Robert to get onto Twitter as hes becoming such a hit, follow or message him on Twitter: Planet_Spinner
Literally the most shocking display of physical prowess I've ever witnessed, and likely the only time Richard Ayoade was the coolest man in the room lol
Bend your knees and get a good swing ffs. This was hilarious though 😂
Four of the contestants are in desperate need of a gastric band.
Stop spinning!! 😂😂😂 like he can help it
Fat mess sort ya self out
My destiny raid members.
LOL hahaha  2:20 bloody brilliant!
Well done Rob
Lmfao !ROBBBBB
You should have seen the state he was in when he came out!
He's not afraid of planets. He's just afraid of Uranus.
Just watched this with the Benny hill theme playing as the background - hilarious!!
Best tv in decades
When the moment he put his hand up I knew it was going to be a fail.
That's probably the most embarrassing thing I've ever watched, bravo Rob.
Cucktestant's are feeble :)
So agile it's astounding!
It's trigger not being able to find his way out of a maze
I watched this as it happened on tv me and my mates cried with laughter and recorded it and watched it over and over.
At first I was sceptical of the new series, but this was the best episode yet: great, fun contestants, and Richard is well suited to the presenter role.
He fell over a step later on in the episode. I was dying at it😂
When I watched the intro for this they played clips of this weeks contestants playing the games - I thought C4 had gone total 'progressive' and put a team of Downs Syndromes in there. I'm not convinced I was wrong!
I was on the floor crying with laughter while watching this
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! That's what A.L.I.S. means; Automatic Lock In Situation!
Iv never laughed so hard at a TV show in my life , I feel honoured to have seen it last night , the maddest thing is the guy actually kept that helmet on for the rest of the show too - that's some deep fear he ended up with!
Ahahaha, this dude is awesome
It was disobeying him.
How pathetic
what a clown
Me during PE
Hahahahaha!
Spearmint Rhino has changed
Robs athleticism has no boundaries
Humiliation and cringe
Holy shit
this needs Interstellar music lmao
Classic 😆
So funny 😂
Excellent advice 0:35
HAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHA
I've never watched such a pathetic attempt at a basic physical task..I can't get much purchase on it just about did me in hung over on a Sunday afternoon. Unbelievable!!!
Dude couldn't fight the orbit 😂
Tv gold
Hilarious
I watched this omg!!!
What a tit
When furries get on the trending page for some hilarious TV. Furry being a meme for good reasons right here. Worth it.
Type of guy that gets pissed on the first pint!
Well what do you expect from a cavalcade of fucking furries.
I'm so glad I don't pay my license fee.
Enjoy https://youtu.be/FHh86ySgKrA 🎶
Rob will never get laid again.
I've been meaning to watch this new series.\nNow I definitely have to!
Do the thing!
What a useless human being , i hope his friends disown him after that.
You'd think Channel4 could put something up without horrible interlacing artifacts.
I'm evolving but i haven't evolved 😂 quote of the year!
Love cardi b straight raw and uncut now a days that's how you gotta be😘😍
I thought the Barbie dolls behind her were actual people watching through the window from afar lol bruh I'm high af
1. Pls interview Poppy 2.  ...Now I should search the archives to see if you already did. 3.   --The jacket On Cardi B is hypnotizing.
Ahahshah you know what I'm shayin
Can she even say 'n*gg@'?
CThaGod The way he looks at Cardi is like a proud a poppa
She's beautiful, she speaks truth and she fully deserves the number one spot!!
I thought Iggy's Fancy reached number 1..in 2014..yes it did
There on moments where I feel like shes actually in disbelief lol its so cute she deserves it
You have to be a labotomized as her to think she has any talent and waste your time following her.
Why does she talk like that? ??
is she a voice of Railey from the boondocks?
She got that trophy wife on her face yaaassss
she be talking more like offset ever since he started piping her out
Idk why people on the comments hating and shitting on Cardi and her swag. She came out the fucking hood and her first song is bouta be first on the charts and 9 nominations?! Y'all better put some RESPEK on her name!! Y'all just bitter and broke. I get it. I love Cardi, she's funny, she don't try to be better than anybody and she ain't a hater. Learn something from this
I hate when she talks like that.
I'm so freakin happy for this girl ❤️
Bruh i dont know how y'all can listen to her speak.
If Taylor Swifts Trump supporting racist ass didn't come out with that dumb ass song Cardi would've been number 1 for sure.
Real example of making it to the top all by yourself on your own grind, no detours or shortcuts. Respect for CARDI B.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Cardi B. Come along way you can do it with the help of lord Jesus.
i love how seriously yee takes her job. :)
That goofy voice is cute is small doses but constantly doing that is kind of tiring
She's so ratchet but I love her personality!! Lol
omfg - stop with that stupid voice - its funny if its used correctly, not for EVERY response
Everyone wanting to be like Beyonce, Rihanna and shit while im out here checkin for BARDI B!
Love how she has always maintained the same attitude. She ain't letting this money refine and change her. She is the realist out right now!!!
She didn't let the money change her that's why I like #CardiB she keeps it real
Cardi got that trophy wife on. Go head and glow honey!
I love this girl so much she's SO funny SO beautiful SO talented and she deserves everything that's coming to her 💝
I'm glad they didn't belittled her. They tend to be shady. She looks so happy.
I already got like, 10 bitches in the Bronx that want to jump me lmaoo
#riley #thoty bumping those instrumentals of her's though...
I like Cardi music but she seems go be overdoing this ghetto and down to earth thing that she has going on. Nothing wrong with talking like u got some sense lol. But hey since she lightskin guess she can get away with acting like this and it not be called ghetto.
I am new on youtube so who will subscribe me and gives like on my video I will subscribe him/her return
Offset made sure she covered the tits this time 😂😂😂
charmalgne look like he want to rape cardie
Charlemagne has dogged all reality stupid hoes but kiss Cardi b ass and she the most retarded of all of them. Hypocrites
I freaking love Cardi!! She is a real chic!
I would love to see her on the boondocks
Almost 20 years since The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill..it was 1998, not 23 years ago! 😒 I was feeling old as hell right quick.
White people hate sooo much period  lmfaoo they hate seeing anybody win like stay your politically correct ass over there. This not even y'all type of entertainment smh go head lame asses.
Cardi is my favorite Simpson's character
She sound like an old crack head that lost her teeth and now got fake teeth in.
Been loving cardi b since she was a stripper
im glad shes taking her time and actually WORKING the record.... performing it everywhere wish ppl would get back to doing that. instead of rushing everything
Follow these links to Far Rock Life Tv and enjoy!\nFarRockMillz 👉 https://youtu.be/vS-LMwsH-ik\nYouTube.com/watch?v=XcP6uJEC6_g (Extended version)\nCau2gs 👉 https://youtu.be/pqa_APrLwLs\nBynoe 👉 https://youtu.be/mj1rEa0RevU\nHaitian Jak & ProvaloneP 👉 https://youtu.be/D_RlncpWlHA also check out: www.LifeAndEntertainment.com
Her titties aren't even out lol Charlemagne what are u looking at.
I can't finish this video 🤦🏻‍♀️ trash just trash
anytime she opens her mouth i want to die
Help a goddamn sister out, STREAM IT!
the way she behaves on the #Interview makes it *HARD to watch* 😒
