I have a question. \n\n\n\n\n\nWhy do you subscribe to Wengie? It's not like I don't like her but.... why...
GET THE BAG OF MACKERS! lol your to funny James
Is it me or does James look like baymax?
First time I saw James face
9:34 when you let Arnold cook for you
Can I get a shout out please I also love this channel is channel is the best I really love this channel it's really awesome can I please get a shout out thank YOUUUUUU!
>founded by criminals\n>99999 words for deliquent
Can you two make a collab channel called Draw with James
HAY WHY IS THE COOL PHONE CASE ONLY FOR I PHONE YOU KNOW THAIR IS SAMSUNG PHONES TO
do you have a crush on jaiden anmions
I almost broke my wrist today
hi  my name is Maddix  i am 8  can i have a soud \nowt maddix mario is my canlu have 4 subs
DO A VID ABOUT SUPER MARIO 64 ONLINE M8 I KNOW YOU PLAYED WITH THE HOBO BROS MATE!!!!!!!!
Hey, Odd 1s out, you should check out the Chip, silverlygoodness and Bilas Das
Do a 4 million sprinkles James! That would be cool
That shirt is amazing james.
He tweeted as i made the comment
Omg James you've hit 4 million subscribers already! It feels like it hasn't even been that long since 3 million.
Can i make a reaction vid on being recognized?
Nice game play with the hobo bros James!
English people call it toilets too btw😂
James should've had some fairy bread
James is the best youtuber
James you gained 1 million subscribers in 4 months. wow.
J: Just\nA: A\nM: Man\nE: Eating\nS: Soubway
HEY JAMES PLZ DO A 4 MILLION VIDEO OTS TIME JAMES!!!!!!! Plz like if you want him to thanks guys!!!!!!!
I thought the first sentence was about gays
What do u use \nTo make speed draw vids.... like what program or app.....also materials .....👍🏾👍🏾love u James
I heard you saying that there was a man who pets crocs and was killed by a stingray (and I hate you for that)
Dude you got four mill! Nice! But where are the sprinkles man?
James u draw with your left hand?
Why u talk sweet. Ur gorgeous
I got dizzy watching this video
the beatlesss
You are so happy. Lol I’m excited for u lol
iPhone exe just sounds better...i'm going with it
Chill mate it's just an iPhone
how is that roof standing tho
She's found her passion. I respect that.
OMG that little boy just reminded me that my life is going nowhere slowly!
Really iSHEEP! Samsung Note 8 is a galaxy ahead of iPhone from wireless charging to stunning design and crystal clear beautiful screen, and iPhone price is almost the same as that of Note 8, so iSHEEP think iPhone is not overpriced, overhyped, and overrated!!! Don't be a follower, don't be one of sheeples. Be a leader, be a Samsung user. Baaaa... baaaing. LMAO. ROFL.
...who is this annoying broad? Quit yacking about your awesome day. Show me the phone!!
$340 dollar watch band. Outta your mind.
Just subscribed! Love your videos!!
Justine is so pretty!!
X: Roman numeral for 10
What happened to iPhone 9? #what happened to iPhone 9 #iPhone 9
android still better lmao
Yay uraverageconsumer
Waaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwww😍
Omg I am speechless
What is that song playing throughout the video in places and then again at the end of the video? it's really cool I can't wait for the AppleTV 4K, myself.
I still think the Design sucks. That notch just looks out of place. Imagine when the phone is in landscape mode...... I know apple fanatics will still defend it.
1:06 what movie is that??
it would be awesome if there was a purple (galaxy colored) iphonee
Wow you are practically having an orgasm over a phone #sad
T E C H N O L O G Y
How much do you like I phones
22,000 likes. i hope we get nuked.
I love your videos, because you doing them full of euphoric. :))
good job apple keep it up....
Yeah,it changed your life.You life is dependent on it,you don't have friends.
Rly 1000$ ? The iPhone Xpensive already arrives and for sure everybody is hyped. Sry for that price even as Apple proponent that's not ok!!!
How much is that apple park shirt? I want one. 😭
$20 for how many postcards? I've been to the Apple HQ Store, and they have outrageously priced trinkets. Stuff no one would use. But this looks like they have more stuff. Cards are a must. That Apple Park shirt was legit. And I thought you would get that Fuchsia hermes watch band?
Apple won't change people's life anymore
Hey Justine, you look great as always... just wanted to say: In Canada, starting at $1319 !!! That is just CRAZY!!! I just booked a 7 day all inclusive trip to Cancun Mexico, flights, accommodations, all you can eat and drink for a week for $1200 Canadian. Apple will never see my money in their bank account. I am beyond happy with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.
I like your videos. You seem like a very fun person. I used to live 5 blocks from there as a kid. I think that was a plum or walnut orchard then. My Dad thought he did good buying our house for $22,000 and selling it in '67 for $28,000. Now it's valued at $1.3 M. HAHA
That building look like an ovni i saw long time ago!
THE LITTLE KID i died
I justine* you so beautiful😍
What song is that at around 7 minutes?
How many decks of cards did you buy, sell me one?
can you call me the name of the song at 13:00
I never had a iPhone period well I never had a phone since 2010 i do have a ipodtouch 5g but I decided for my very first phone in some time should be a iPhone 8
i phones are the most boring planest looking phones and they still look the same from 07
So... forgot about the 7s and 9?
I need your help people should I buy iphone 7  in matte black, red or rose gold (i'm not asking for likes I just can't decide) 💜
Cool i dream iphone x in my hand
Song at 8:30?
Rule Brittania  🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
lol
Apple Geniuses put retards to shame
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh Jonathan is adorable
iPhone Xxxtentacion
I Buyyed It!!! AND ITS SO COOL!!! THE CAMERA IS SO GOOD
Hello Justine! Wish you the best luck forward !!
are you going to be lining up for the iphone 8
Send nudes
IPHONE X UNBOXING || IPHONE 1ST LOOK || IPHONE REVIEW || HINDI & ENGLISH || 2017\n-: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEt0RcDdzDY
Still rocking my iPhone 4s and proud
Dont press read more\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYour completly savage
Congratulations Justine! ❤️😊
Great job!!
Beautiful AF!
Why did apple skip the iPhone 9?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBecause seven ate nine.
I phone sucks.
Nice, more ishits for isheeps/idiots!
Justine your enthusiasm is absolutely contagious and hype and I love it! I'm so excited for you and for the new products of course ❤️ Love from an Apple Employee
Well im sorry to say this but nade chose the wrong sister
If you want the best and greatest phone is the Samsung 8
Congrats on getting to go to the keynote and congrats on 4 million!!!!
Only 3gb RAM when iOS11 is catered only to 64-bit apps will be the X's greatest weakness in the long run. Should've been 4gb. The iPhone 5s is already showing its age with iOS11 with just 1gb.\n\nMoroccan blue LG V30 for me or forget another cookie cutter smartphone altogether. Too quick to die on us, 2-3 yrs tops. Better get a Nintendo Switch with the Mario Odyssey bundle instead. My Jordan 7 retros lasted longer than my smartphones. 5 yrs > 2-3 yrs.\n\n#fuckplannedobsolescence
An expensive and sad obsession, stop promoting this over priced bullshit please.
imagine going in this event with everything on you as android devices! security will be like get the F**K out of here! lol
The problem is : where is iphone 9 ???
I'm so happy that you got to go!! I was smiling throughout the whole video <3 Steve Jobs is one of the few people i idolize as well so you meeting his partner in crime, Waz, is pretty amazing, girl! <3
Your best video to date
Apple Park is the big theater. You review very great! Amazing...
OMG! I can feel your joy for being there. I wish I could be there too.
I’m so thankful for you, iJustine. Apple holds such a huge place in my heart and I love everything they are. Thank you for being such an amazing YouTuber and letting people like me live through your videos.
I can be your friend 😉
A pack of cards with the apple logo on it...OMG THIS IS SO COOL 😂😂
Cool vlog ! You are so so Beautiful and Charming!!!!
The theatre is cool but everything about the phone seems like a gimmick.
I want to marry you justine 😍😍😍 :D
Your exuberance in this film is fantastic. So glad you got to go.
What song is that?
What happened to the iPhone 9??
I mean it looks clean and smooth and nice but.... the camera.. come on like it looks weird... and NO BUTTON!!! I mean WHEN I SEE A ROUND BUTTON I THINK OF APPLE! Apple is known for having that button..
What garbage, it's like she is brainwashed by Apple
hes going on a excursion in german vehicle on tv.. its not 'real'
Glad you like it! I love the new iPhone too! I even rapped about it on my videos lol
I love how excited she is 😭
Apple is excellent in reliability but BEWARE:  IPhone X uses infrared *LED Lasers* to Scan your face. This laser scan is Unhealthy and leads to *Skin Diseases* (which most already know, starts with a *C* )
5:42 oH YES I HEAR THE BEATLES
I bet she has a 99 year old boyfriend sugar daddy that is missing just 1% for his final update, and then his soul will install itself in her bank account.
YOU HAVE OLD LOOKING HANDS AND YOU NEED TO DO SOMETHING WITH THAT THIN HAIR YOU TRY TO ACT LIKE YOU ARE YOUNG SMH
Smash!!
Wow! Very innovative Apple, copying from a already existing phone, the Samsung S8 AND the Google Pixel, verrrrry innovative! (Waiting for all the butthurt people with a Apple fetish...)
No invite for Unbox Therapy Lou?? Not emough millions of subscribers?
Six and the City 👍
easy
5-0 4-0 6-0 ... RIP Palace next week
Aguero golden boot>>>>>
im the best thanks for the upload, beany!
Crystal Palace next LOL!
Pep is a fraud. Spent £1 billion and can't score 10 goals against Watford
You city fans should appreciate every day this guy is your manager. Coming from a Bayern Munich fan. After he leaves you will miss this astonishing performances believe me. No matter who comes next
*Where's all the City haters saying Pep is a fraud now? That was an absolute slaughter & so was Liv'pool 5-0. As a Chelsea supporter I fear City this season.*
EPL welcome to total football, watch and enjoy, just starting #takenoprisoners
best manager in the world okay city come on pep come on city...
*_Great win for City_*
again not good enough #pepout #Cityincrisis
aguero  fanstastic
C'MON CITY
Heavy breather
I'm a city fan but let's not get carried away. Let's not trash talk or be cocky yet. Injuries and complacency can happen at any time. Plus we got chelsea at the end of this month and still yet to play top 6 sides.\n\nI really hope we defend against the top sides and not commit the fullbacks too much forward against them.
Take note all you bitch ass City haters, we're on a man hunt and hungrier than ever !!!
!´m so so happy!
Pep bringing la liga scorelines to the epl
Why are people not commenting fraud
The pep haters are low in numbers on the comment section. I wonder why!
Best bald manager in the world.😁😂😂
Looking real good for Guardiola...Jesus has forced Aguero to step up his work rate and now Aguero has the ability to become golden boot
Big sigh, wish he was at Arsenal!
Are United still the favorites???!???!?? 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣 Top of the league from here on out
WHERE ARE ALL THE PEPS A FRAUD TROLL'S NOW. YOU ARE NOT, YOU'RE NOT REALLY HERE JEALOUSY IS A SILENT M*THER F#CKER INNIT .GORD CTID. OOWHHH MAN CITY.....THE ONLY FOOTBALL TEAM TO COME FROM MANCHESTER®
How awesome was that performance? That was total and complete football...\nIf only PEP wasn't a fraud? We'd be even better, if Pep was a decent manager.... But apparently he's a fraud according to some football geniuses.
Wow! I hope he and his family  stay happy in Manchester he's a legend already..thanks pep...M.C.F.C
IN PEP WE TRUST 100%
Pep haters not swarming the comments on every video I see lol if he wins the league with City so many ppl gonna cry
Your still not gonna win anything this year you glory hunting tossers.
If pep was argentinian, cant imagine what messi-aguero partnership will be like. Argentina would probably be 4 times WC champion by now
I think its between City and United who wins the pl title this season, I hope Kompany stays healthy for the rest of the season, because defensively city is still vulnerable, maybe Pep can bring a new CB in january.
Every PL fan: In the PL any club could win you'll never see a 6-0 score line in the PL .... where you guys at now? Hmm now that an English club finally has a talented club worthy to compete in Europe they're thrashing pub clubs like watford.
I guess 6-0 is what it takes to get Pep to smile
best manager in the world
City and Utd show-down this season
Meanwhile, Manure are celebrating being behind their city rivals PMSL
even we didn't play our best xl so don't take it easy united dogs
Man city means everything to me and the fans ...personaly I better miss a meal than missing a man city match.... Love you citizens'
no matter wat city do pipo will always talk shit so to all the city n gaurdiola haters go fuck yrselves or rather go masterbate
City city city all the way
I am so happy.. Happy new year
Pep gloats by bigging up his opposition to make him sound better
we are nigas
Thank you CITY!
Man city vs Chelsea \n4-2\nMan City  vs CP \n10-0
goat
this is on trending lads
plastic club, arab puppet
Goat..
Bald fraud
Money talks
MCFC!
beautiful
BEST FRAUD IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!
Guardiola the team that played the last 20 minutes is  amazimg use them offten. And we fans Will watch beutifull football.
Damn it feels good to be a gangster
Don't let this romp fool you ,Citeh will collapse either midseason or late season like they always do.
When Real and Barcelona win 6-0 English fans ARE TOLD BY THE ENGLISH MEDIA that the Primera is an easy league and the Premier League is the tough League where the big teams die to win!! when City win 5-0 against Liverpool and 6-0 against Watford what happens to the tough Premier League?!! WAKE UP ENGLISH FANS....ITS ALL PART OF MARKETING...
My Top Six Prediction :\n1.Manchester City\n2.Manchester Utd\n3.Chelsea\n4.Liverpool/Tottenham \n\n\nOpinions?
I'am Man.United fan but i admitted the football from City just amazing to watch.\nAttacking Football that he brings to City simply magnificent.\nAs a lover of attacking football i admire his philosophy.
GGMU GGMU 
Can not say he is the best till he bring city the champ of epl...
City were playing this style under mancini and pellegrini, nothings really different
Faggot
fraud! city will bottle it towards the end of the season
I love his voice, the Saints have won!
Oh wow, I'm here before the cracked rush?
I smiled as soon as Lydia came on screen. I'm glad she's feeling better
The new iPhone is $1500 in Australia
Every month for 2 weeks they delayed it good England tom
You need to buy covers for that sofa.
Lol 3rd on trending
Have three litter boxes, I was told amount of cats+1 (so for two cats, three boxes) give them MORE LITTER! They like to dig!
9on trending omg
You are a really pretty girl Alice! Don't put your self down. Do I have to take you to Specksavers?
Bullshit
#9 on trending congrats
Those cats speak better English than your fucking ass.
NHS hospitals are decent in fairness
Toms been on his knees to much. Little bitch.
you should set up a 'shit cam' live stream to catch the cat that is shitting on the sofa.
Bruh you need a beard transplant
11 on trending
Kitty cats they are Scottish fold  kitty cats
It's like a horse getting hock and stifle injections 😂
If my wife's in there it's a 10. Lol all our reactions
Pretty sure that was a hospital mate.
OMG i got a MAXBO ad on your video Congrats
Tommy boi you've made trending again congrats dude
When did tom where jordans ovos
What Jordans does syndicate have?
OMG ON TRENDING!!!!!!!
God tom 20 second ads
I want it
Hell no I hate clowns
Where is the R8 ?
Trending congrats TOM
hi James franco
companion summit arab single sort treaty increasingly financial kit.
It's more like Mass than Mats, so.. Mads is pronounced kind of like Mass, just, quicker
My brother has 4 types of tendencies in his shoulders because he's pulled them out multiple times. I've pulled both out twice. Funnnnnn.
had the same doctor for my knee at tameside hospital
Why don't you just put over some Blankets on the sofa when you go to bed or away :D
The pain could be a reactant to the medicine.
I went to see it and I was shitting myself 😂
Where is syndicate wife
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this <3 Day 169!
#3 on trending xD
Lydia is back!!!!
Not really spoilers when the movie is a remake
Awesome vlog great to see Lydia is doing okay👍😎👌
i said ages ago when the knee pain started to occur that it was patella tendinitis, and i was correct 😂
Tom just get a blanket or something to cover the couch until the cats stop pooping
The return of Lydia
The Movie IT is just chapter 1
The film wasn't made to be scary as hell..it was made to tell the story of the losers club! Like in the bloody book. Getting right tired of people seeing this film because they thinks it's just another horror film. It's so much more than that
Tom just get a throw for the sofa's so it dont go on the sofa!
These comments are disgusting, Syndicate donates money to charity and helps people, then you guys be pricks. Btw 3 of the people so far are Jake paulers, cancer.
Love the old British Vloggers
Tom get another box or 2 cats are very territorial
Yooo it's trending
Was only half listening to the explanation for the reason for going to the doctors at the beginning. Was mostly watching the kittens in the corner of the screen watching Tom's hand XD
If you have a room that you're not using, you should put a load of cat stuff in it, and when yer out put them in that room and close the door😃
4th on trending wow 👌
#4 trending gg tom
Lol @trending getting triggered, luv ya Tom
I don't know why I dislike toms cats so much but I do
to make your cats stop pooping on the sofa, get another cat litter box. Cats usually prefer their own litter box and if they are pooping on your sofa, they're letting you know.\n1
I like how Tom has a gymshark hoodie on but he never goes to the gym ;)
happy that lydia looks healthier and better
Even though it squeaks, I want it plus the bed. If u 10 second skipped wrong there you'd be in for a wtf moment
So does syndicate not upload gaming videos anymore or is he just busy? Just curious if anyone knows
To. Tom you need to try zizi's in the Trafford centre 👌👌👌👌👌👌
Who do the doodoo
The iPhone 7 plus 256 gb is $1000
Hope you have cancer
Ever had a needle in your eyeball? Not so painful as they sedate the skin, but I never forgot the grape being punctured. All for eye lasering...
What movie did he watch?
Life of Tom do you live in Glasgow
i have tendonitis in my right knee it sucks btw
For real tho, maybe you should chill with the twitch sub shoutouts. I get that it's something nice you want to do for loyal twitch fans (and keep doing it if you do please) but as someone whose been watching since when LoT was Syndicate Central, it's kind of annoying and disrupts the vlogs...
I tore a ligament in my knee almost a year ago and it was meant to be healed months ago but I still have to get an MRI scan
What is Alice's instagram?
Why is everyone hating on Tom and the video because it's trending? It just means a lot of people are watching it that's it.
Ngl. Tameside Hospital staff are getting worse 😂 they're not even telling you they're gonna stab you now 😂
New iPhone.....old Samsung technology
tom! if you put tin foil on the couch while you're not using it the cats will stay off of it saving your couch!!
Tom, I always love your VLOGS. Just classic and EPIC
Does anybody else have trouble loading the merch link. I've been trying to get a sweatshirt for days but the link won't work.
Hello Tom if that happens don't eat pig lots or ever
Congrats Tom you are 3rd on trending
You look like oli white
One of the actors in IT, Nicholas Hamilton, is from my school, Alstonville high from Australia
Get a Bluetooth camera and put it near the sofa
Is your sister single? She low key pretty.
That's quite a small needle for a join injection! You lucked out mate
Watching from A&E with a broken collarbone 😅 I watched the whole vlog twice 😂
Liderally
Trending.
Just how credible is an Indian medical certificate? It seems every GP in England is an Indian who did their medical studies in India.
I miss yote :/
This vlog was uploaded on my 18th but was too drunk to watch it so i am watching it now.
The iPhone X shouldn't actually be £1000 apple just decided to charge that amount it should be about £750
For anyone who replies to this is tom married it's been years since I've watched him so if I could please get a answer that would be great thanks
When they say 1000 pound is heaps for the iphone, its 1800 here
You need to take some editing classes to make your vids more exciting to watch
Yo tom you need to start telling off the kittens and 'punishing' them for doing bad things, not punishing badly just like telling them off and stuff. We did it to our cat and now it hasn't shit on the Sofa for like 3 years
When you're watching Fall Out Boy's Last Of The Real Ones and you get an ad for Pet Shampoo.
great song, but i miss old FOB
Why you won't come to Finland or Estonia? 😭😭
The Last Of The Real Ones
Yes a new song 😄
Anyone notice that this music video almost a perfect parallel to my song know what you did in the dark
i don't know how many times ive listened to this, i love it so much
Flashing Lights, Kanye West it's all I have to say
For thoses of you who wonder why he pull away a clean shovel every time, it because they  have already used all their budget for the fake blood in the YoungBloodChronicles
in the Phoenix, pete was kidnapped, when is pete gonna stop getting kidnapped?????
Carl, I get that you're a crazy sociopath with a history of violence but did you really need to kill Pete?
3:39 His name is jeff
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
You suck your opinion suck so stopped posting your shiity video about what ever shit you done while i watch videos on youtube ,you sucked faces. BTW VEVO suck tooo fuck off from youtube cocksuckers :P
I so want to make a lyrics video with this song but i'm pretty sure it's gonna get flagged :/
it seems like this album is coming to be pretty colorful musicaly
I thought he was going to dig his own grave .
Stunts By:\nPatrick's Hand\n\nI'm sorry I just love the cast 😂
I've listened to this at least 50 times a day ever since it came out ♥
This is the video were pete comes out as a furry
I LOVE THIS SONG, HAD IT ON REPEAT FOR DAYS😂😂😭💖💖👏 KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!
Why are there Wampas in this video?
This video clip reminded me a lot of my song knows what you did in the dark (light em up). Like seriously put that song with this video and it fits perfectly!
who is the man who in the car?
Those credits at the end are hilarious
Weird video, but awesome song. Once again, well done Fall out Boy. Good shit.
Where do I find the motivation to live? in this song.
Clip for clip, slide for slide; an exact copy of Kanye West's video for, Flashing Lights.  Replace the girl with Llamas and replace Kanye with Pete.  The song is awesome, just wondering why the video couldn't be more creative.  Still a great song, regardless.
If u are going to slow down the end to read the credits turn off ur sound its creepy
This song is keeping me upright and living
HOLY FUCK I'M LATE BUT THIS IS GOOOOD
How could they kill PETE !!!!
yo I just realized, that is Pete he's killing. NO! NOT PETE!
What is it with Fall Out Boy and llamas?
Am I the only one who read the credits😂
If you like this song give me a hell yeah.
Sounds a bit like Soul Punk for me. Especially the bridge. Love it :))
I think I saw one of the llamas whipping
I saw that animal on We Heart It
Oof *see's warning* \nBetter not read the comments
Who remembers when fall out boys music wasn't made using a computer
songs great but the llamas are a little to weird.
Those credits give me life
This feels more FOB than others? I LOVE IT ??
I'm already in love with this album ❤
I like how the Llama hits the car and not Pete
The first verse of this song is so beautiful! Love listening to this song
PATRICK'S HAND AND NOT BAD JOE ARE IN THE CREDITS IM CRYING
Brendon... why did you do that? D:
I hope this album leads up to a video of Mikey and Pete getting married k sorry
this is just like that nightmare i had except it didn't had music and mostly fear
I love u guys so much! you guys saved my life and if u think I'm kidding I'm not, you saved and I'm so thankful.i wouldn't be alive rght now.:)love u!!!!
I want to point how there has been more bloody fob music vids and Kobe of them had a warning like save rock and roll! There was blood explosions everywhere
How is it possible to be attracted to how a llama walks ?
Am I the only one who got an ad for Sugar We're Goin Down??
Am I the only one who wants to find out who is in the lama suit like I think it is Brendon Urie because of that video but I don't know.. but then who is in the other one??
I actually like this
I'm sorry but 'his name is Jeff' clever...very clever.
I love it! I cant wait till i see them in concert in november. ❤❤❤ i need more merch tho
the piano at the beginning is beautiful
Body removal by his name is jefffffffff
CANT WAIT TO 🅱️🅾️🅿️ MY 🅱️USSY TO THIS SONG WHEN I SEE THEM NEXT MONTH
Pls don't tell me I was the only one who was banging my pencils against my knees with my headphones on listening to this? 😂sorry the drum beat is just amazing so i had to do it lol
Khe wen meme
dope
exo-l here :)
alright which llama is brendon
Love this song
STARRING LLAMAS AS LLAMAS
wwwwwwww
EARGASM
LOL RIP PETE HE KEEPS DYING
Song 1 -- Video 0
listened twice
Kanye west flashing lights rip off?
sooooooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooooooooood
this song 😍
LMFAOOO THE FUCKING CREDITS THO
Pop (? ;-;
:v
You know\n\n\nI WANT MORE YOUNGBLOOD CHRONICELSSSSSS
Llamas as........ Badass llamas
starring\n Pete Wentz as Pete Wentz\n     Llamas as Llamas\n😂
LOL!!
i am so confused omg
We gonna have another YBC? Please?
yeah.....
IT JUST IT
Not bad joe
What the fuck!!!!!!!!!!
what an amazing song i got addicted to it when the first i listned it fall out boy is one of my fav bands\n\nThis song is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\n\n⊂_ヽ\n　 ＼＼ ＿\n　　 ＼(　•_•) F\n　　　 <　⌒ヽ A\n　　　/ 　 へ＼ B\n　　 /　　/　＼＼ U\n　　 ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L\n　　/　/ O\n　 /　/ U\n　(　(ヽ S\n　|　|、＼.\n　| 丿 ＼ ⌒)\n　| |　　) /\nノ )　　Lﾉ__\n(／___
Yeesus Christ Mojito
F.O.B is so good
What's IKEA monkey
This song is lit af jfc
Donde esta mi fall out boy en latino america 😦😦😦😥😥😥
NO ONE'S talking about those CREDITS THO\nLLAMAS as LLAMAS\nand also PHIL and MIKE\nLLAMA WRANGLERS: JADEN SMITH (can't remember the other one dammit)
This video kind of reminds me a bit of the My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark video
CAAARRRAAALLLLL!!! YOU JUST KILLED PETE!
I love this. This is literally the video for Flashing Lights by Kanye.
If you enjoy my work, please consider contributing! You can make a one time donation at http://www.PayPal.me/ThisIsDanBell or support my work monthly at http://www.Patreon.com/ThisIsDanBell. Thank you and enjoy the video!
What happens if your light fails and you're literally out there in the pitch black💀💀💀
You guys are either very brave or totally nuts. Either way, this was a great video. I hope you do more like it. \nDo you guys live in Baltimore? I live in Maryland but not in Baltimore.  I don't even like to go there when I have to. However, there is a very good hospital up there. UMMC literally saved my life. \nYou guys, please be very careful when you go out doing something like this.\nDid you ever find out what all the gun shots were about, and if anyone was hurt or killed?
I have to pause this to rinse out fucking hair dye and I'm freaking out, man.
Glad you guys are getting popular and recognition. The hotel videos alone are fucking hysterical.
Very Creepy , your a very brave man to film this stuff on your own at night .   \nKeep up the good work and looking forward to more Dead Mall Series video's
ive found about 100 plus bags like that during my career, mostly dead chickens and fighting dogs, never a person. there is a section of road we do that they have found 10 bodies on this year alone. for a while we had dead chickens with cash under then mostly 10 dollar bills. nothing like blood money for real.
when you zoomed in on Hae Min Lee i got chills
This is the first video of yours other than retail archaeology I've ever seen...holy shit great work
Nothing like a gun fight to start your day off right
gunfight in baltimore...\nwhat else is new?
Thank you for this! i really enjoyed this video! haven't been scared in a while
That's just crazy walking through those woods. I live in Morrall park Baltimore city of course!! And do not walk alone in the dark. Be safe!!!!
Damn dude! You have huge balls to get alone there... Anyway, this is finally the best real horror documentary, well done Dan!
Unfortunately that second place is probably an animal dumping site either for dead ones or ones still alive...
This was excellent, please make more videos like this, the filming and production quality are amazing. I felt very anxious watching while you filmed alone, though!
Very interesting juxtaposition of the natural setting of the park and the urban crime of the city surrounding it.  Fascinating and chilling.
When was this video made?  I was in Baltimore this past weekend
That just sounds like a gunfire exchange.  And then off he goes further into the woods.  That was the funniest thing I've seen in weeks.
So you did tip the local police to where you found those bones right? I know I sound like I'm jumping to conclusions, they're just as likely to be animal bones. Yet the pelvic looking and leg-ish looking bones right next to an old boot in a park notorious for dumped bodies...
I was waiting for slender man on the night video
Well done Dan. That place is basically the city's dumping ground for garbage and bodies.
Dan you must get asked this all the time but during all your filming and places you've been have you ever hear or witnessed anything that made you believe that ghosts exist? If so what paranormal thing happened? Would love to see a video about it. That part where you heard something and went back could have been something paranormal.
I lived in Baltimore County MD for 26 years.  Go away from the gun fire.
Awesome video Dan, always great to watch your content
WOW  i didn't want the video  to end it was so good had me on the edge .💕💕💕
This freaks me the fuck out bc I live about 30 ish mins from Baltimore......
Welcome to Baltimore. Gotta love my home town :(
I bet the park itself is haunted.  All the death that is within its borders.  I bet a Paranormal group would love to do an investigation in that park.
Please do more stuff like this
Did you tell the cops that you heard the shots? Even though you didn't see something, you could have told them what you heard.
This was incredibly well done!
Decides to be a decent human and listen to the spam at the beginning knowing it pays for this video I'm about to watch. Cops like dude I don't wanna deal with the paperwork if that's another infant. Wonder how many other people have crawled around that place at night that he's come upon since all those poor people were found?
So I know you're all about exposing different awful things... But why would you put yourself through this? PLEASE, be safe and don't get hurt!
Thank-you Mr. Bell for your courageous filming here! People should take back that park -Community efforts to clean up the refuse in the park, perhaps police patrols of the vehicle blocked roads - day and night. In my city, increased police presence is a greatly diminished crime. Even wilderness cameras work well too. What's happing with animal protection laws in Baltimore? Just shocking people dispose every sort of living thing in that park!
Dan this video is awesome. So scary Jesus! Please be safe.
I think Mcnulty was looking for Omar.
That was freaky....glad I watched during the day!
Ok, the fact there was a boot near bones, especially ones resembling leg and hip bones, leads me to believe they may have been human. Please tell me you notified the police of your findings. ._.'
Imagine cycling these roads at night ...and increase your speed at each corner (how fast can I pedal?)
Looks like another bag in the bushes @ 30:48 :\
This! This is the kind of stuff that I want to see on tv/movie. This genuinely unnerved me all the way through and has more of an impact that any horror movies. Plus you're learning things as you watch. Incredible work Dan and co!
That is creepy.  I've been to Baltimore several times in my life and I know how it truly is beyond the Stadium area; decrepit ruins of townhouses with a few decently maintained houses strewn around and lots of gunfights and I've driven through Leakin Park but had no idea about the bodies found there.  I always wondered about the barricades blocking some of the side roads.  It's crazy to see this kind of stuff from one of my favorite youtubers.  I LOVE this stuff Dan Bell.  You really hit your niche.
Min 28:37 small shadow cross from right to left..like if you see it too
Urgh dispicable!!\nDid you also see the other black bag too, looked the same.\n30:44
OMG Dan you need to stop going to these places alone, you seriously creep me out, not wise
Dude, you should have a couple of guys with you.
Rick is the first guy I'd pick to endure an apocalyptic scenario with. he'd just be all chill commenting on shit as it went down.\n\nHere we have some...demonic beings or entities emerging from a rather large...appears to be over three yards...very large fissure in the earth at some distance and there have been several ball-lightning type phenomena causing some atmospheric alterations...
The bones the shoes the grave looking thing jezzzzzzz be careful.
Great video just stay safe
This man will forever have the biggest balls on the history of youtube
You couldn't just stick with the dead mall series, you had to start a dead body series?!
[stands next to garbage] something smells horrible\n[kicks a mushroom] wtf is that?????\n[the wind blows through a tree] i'm getting out of here
this is exactly why I don't live in a city
Isn't there anyone in that city willing to contribute and make that a better place? What a waste of natural beauty.
Dan's videos always prove one thing: that real people are way scarier than any so-called supernatural possible occurrences.
I loved this video. Please do more like these but PLEASE BE CAREFUL FIRST. A video can be replaced, a life, not so much
great place for a picnic!
That place reminds me of Japan's \nAokigahara The suicide forest.....\nAnother great one guys!
That person driving by had no idea they were being filmed in the dark in the WOODS now that's creepy.
Thank god for police bravery...lmao!!!!  My god you had a million times more guts them him what if it were a baby... its nothing in his eyes!! WOW
Man what were the odds that a gun fight would take place while you were there!? Oh wait...it's Baltimore...so...coin flip.
FINALLY! A return to the scary documentaries. I much prefer this work vs his other collections. Keep it up Dan and thanks.
You know even when they are on the opposite side you have to pull over and stop for an emergency vehicle
Welcome back Dan. The hotel rooms are fun, but this is the Dan Bell that turned me on to this channel. Hope to see more. Thanks
What a fucking shithole\nBaltimore needs to be leveled just like detriot
How do you guys walk through the forest so comfortably with two fuckin 90lb coconuts between your legs?
This was really well done.
Dan your crazy bro I wouldn't go out there that late
I take this road to get to my grandmother's house, I hate it lol!!
Rancidity. I will never forget that smell.
It's a deer. with cool shots and neat lighting.
Really enjoy your work Dan! Keep it coming.
I like the cop. I ain't opening it, you open it
When walking around in these parks have you ever seen any ghostisis or be abducted by space aliens ?
I love Rick's little outbursts
Wow only a $500 dollar fine to dump a body? That's pretty cheap
The editing was really good, which software are you using?
Dan trying to anything to avoid opening for the bag. 😳
No way in Hell
So, this place is the most prolific area to find dead bodies (victims of crime primarily, i assume?), and the measures they take are to put up roadblocks lol?
Way cooler than looking for shit stains on a mattress.
I love you guys but you should really censor out the faces of people who wish not to be on camera.
that No Dumping sign should have a  human silhouette on it.
I just can't wrap my head around how some disgusting monsters put animals into bags and leave them to die. It makes me feel sick.
Rick is such a ham. Stay safe boys.
the message i get from this video is that america is a very fucked up and atavistic place. i'm glad y'all have so many guns to keep you safe.
The Baldamor accents are priceless
That was incredible.
Brought to you by VideoBlocks\n\n*GUNFIGHT*
Bizarre...\nCRAWLING IN MY SKIN
13:04 Two Christian Nunez's?
FINALLY more creepy stuff
stay safe guys
Worst unboxing video ever.
EVP'S motherfuxer!
Dan bell ur my hero
Baltimore is Fucking insane.
Rick haha! EVP's mothafucka!
YES! A SPONSORSHIP YOU KICKASS BASTARD!!!
Chelsea please beat arsenal today
Hazard turned Coquelin into a fidget spinner!
R.I.P 4rsenal
Chelsea win 6-0
Jheeeeeze! Man like Dan! 🔥🔥🔥
Hazard turn him into a Beyblade HAHAHA
Morata vs Lacazette \nZappacosta vs Kola\nBakayoko vs Xhaka \nHolding vs Cristensen\n\nGame on. Lets see who have the better signing and prospect for the future. COME ON YOU BLUES!!!!!!!\nLets shut the gooners up.
I am a chelsea fan and today is birthday,can i get a like?
Hazard The Mercenary hope one day he turns overrated Ramos inside-out
Morata's headers are lit.
Hazard and Morata are 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Savage Dan🙌🙌
I'm surprised Hazard still isn't serving a life sentence after what he did Coquelan
Chelsea cmon you blues! Like for Chelsea to win!
Hazard is a god. 4-0 Chelsea win!!
Lets destroy Arsenal, 3-1 for Chelsea
He turned coq to be fidget spinner
200th like here
Chelsea win !!!
Let's smash ARSEnal
Hope he does the same today.. Come on you blues 💙💙💪
Such a shame that Coquelin is injured! 😂😂😂
Damn CFC poaching Dan from Filthy Fellas lol
3-0 by Chelsea ...Morata,Alonso,Willian
Chelsea to win 3-1
Beyblade lol
First
he needs at least 15 similar goals in a single season to win the ballon dor
Sav Dan is killing it
really sad when hazard didn't play last night, i know maybe conte wont take the risk but i think it's important to win that match, and i think even the unfit hazard still better than any other player.
David Luiz had to attack more because everyone else wasn’t doing enough and got pinned into a red card. I really hope Conte changes the squad the next few games because we are in need of some variety. Can’t expect to win against an in form Man City when we can’t even score against Arsenal at home....
Is this savage dan from 3 shots of Tequila???
i was the 1600 guy to hit like
Lol 0-0 and a Red card a win for Arsenal. Deluded club
disgrace of a performance today.
this is on trending
But hazards not even starting, I'm almost worried now
I remember that goal i had one aim to score against Arsenal and i make sure it was a greatest goal that can be talked about in years and i'm super delighted to score such a beautiful goal.
Is it okay if I don't like the new third kit?
Never knew Wolfy was a Chelsea fan, always pops up on miniminter's channel too
Chelsea vs Arsenal today come on Chelsea!!!!!!
Guys, Please who can give the name of the music in the background?
Please don't lose and give those fans something to cheer about. We are much better now go and prove it
I predict Morata and Alonso to score
He had to wake up at 8 am to watch the match? I have to wake up at 4:45 am to watch
Morals has more to his game than Lacazette, he can score with both feet, his head and he can dribble.
If you're reading this....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHave a great day
I remember him being a ghost in the fa cup final as well.
Martial is a better player than hazard.
Willian and Pedro are USELESS\n4 games without Cahil, 4 wins\n2 games with Cahill, 1 draw, one loss, reduced to 10 men on both occasions\nOur best possible line up. \nGk: courtois... good keeper, but needs to get the sloppy mistakes out of his system\nCb: Azpilequeta, good defender, no flaws\nLuiz: just keep his head in the game, played well today\nRudiger, good defender, solid\nWb: Moses, very good defensively\nAlonso, deadly going forward\nCm: bakayoko, so good, the physical man\nKante, obviously \nFabregas, must learn to track back a little more\nSt: Morata, great finisher, needs a little more time to learn how to play an epl defender\nHazard, he needs to step up, 20 goals a season at least and 10 assists, a player of his talent is expected to score that many \nChristensen, zapacosta can fill when needed, and drink water will be could when we need to be more defensive in place of fabregas
Lets destroy arsenal today hazard may man👍
Sav like Dan
haha
Cahill the shittiest chelsea captain
Rip 0-0
Man Like Dan
Savage Dan....!!!!!!!!
Lengendary Chelsea...⚽double🏆🏆
The garden..OF EDEN
100
Come On Chelsea F.C.
SAVAGE DAN!
Who thinks Chelsea will smash arsenal
more like beyblade
Chelsea 2-1 Arsenal my prediction
COYG!
Cmon Chelsea!! win or lose Chelsea Forever!!
He turned coccaluin into a fidget spinner
ㅎㅇ
0-0 how come we got no firepower in our home game hmmmm
Damn
Turned conquelin into a beyblade!😂😂😬😬😂
3rd
Coquelin lol😂😂😂😂
Hi
First half we are so quiet, COME ON YOU BLUES second half show time
1 like = 1 goal against arsenal
1 like = 1 prayer for arsenal
I'm not even gonna get all hyped up, I remain humble. 2-1 Chelsea considering our CL match on Tuesday.
We've won 9 out of the last 10 vs Arsenal at the bridge. 3-1 today. KTBFFH
Imagine Arsenal wins or draws...
I think you mean Black widow
I feel like I've seen this movie at least 5 times before...even though I can't think of any of the titles it's gone by. (Not sure that's a great sign...)
I can't wait to miss this movie.
Щас каждый долбаеб заметит сторублевый пресс, и будет ржать, мол мало что ужас какой, а кто сказал , что там не пятитысячные внутри, обезьяний мозг берет свое
This is a Black Widow movie.
I liked it better when it was the Black Widow program.
I read this book the movie was based on....it was okay...it kind of went nowhere at the end of it... hopefully she brings something to the role..buuuut I'm not thinking so...
Someone had to make a Black Widow movie, so why not 20th century fox, starring Mystique.
L'âme should have been called a teaser not trailer.
Jennifer Lawrence as an escort assassin? Count me in.
This is gonna flop just like Mother...Jennifer needs to take a break and choose her roles more wisely....overexposure can kill a career.
So... It's literally Black Widow? A Russian woman trained by a covert intelligence facility who gains an ally in an American spy who convinces her to leave Russia? Wow, Fox.
So is marvel suing? i mean, this is clearly a ripoff of black widow
So it's Black Widow's origin movie? Got it. \nUnoriginal Hollywood hackjob #31678.
Im thinking Black Widow and 50 Shades of Grey, anyone else?
The books are fantastic. They were written by a former CIA operative, I think. And they are a lot darker than any Black Widow movie would have been.
The unofficial Black Widow movie lol i love it!
Black swan + John Wick = Red sparrow = Black widow
Jennifer Lawrence is a nigger
This is the black widow movie....its literally a colour and an animal and its the exact movie they were trying to make
So, basically Marvel didn't want to do a Black Widow origin story and Fox decided to make it instead.
I see no negative comments in the comments section, yet there are 1K dislikes... Why do people hate this trailer again? Is it a This movie is trying to portray all women as people who manipulate emotions because that isn't true (heh) or JLAW isn't suitable to play a sexy role (?)
How to manipullate men using their bodies.  You mean like EVERY single woman since the dawn of TIME, wow, we need a special program in Moscow for that one... TERRIBLE premise NOTx
That's CAPTAIN Red Sparrow
Came here excited to see Joel Edgerton, but left disappointed after seeing Jennifer Lawrence 😒
Black Widow is Red Sparrows sister.
I just hope they don't make her have lesbian scenes just because she's strong and seduces her victims like in Atomic Blonde.
So many flavours and they go with Salty. Pun very much intended.
It's What If Mystique was Black Widow?!?
LOL it's basically a BLACK WIDOW MOVIE
This looks spectaclar. Jennifer Lawrence in that brunette fringe looks 5 years old
women trained for combat and using their sexuality as a weapon... kinda sounds like Naked Weapon (an asian film), anyone familiar with it???
Ppl r just hating on this movie because of the stigma that JLaw is overrated. In the end of the day, this is a book adaptation, and from what I can see, it looks well directed, conceptualized, and Jennifer carries the trailer. Stop hating on movies/actors just cos the general public just wants to hate on something.
Imagine if after all the carnage, the film cuts to black and right before the credits roll you hear her retarded laughter.
It's like a mix of Black Swan and Naked Weapon
I guess we finally have the Black Widow movie
So many receipts in the comments
can someone tell me what matthias schoenaerts won in the academy? imdb isnt showing.
Havent we had enough assassin movies lately...
Someone please make a gif and crop it from starting at 1:01 please!
Guys this has nothing to do with super hero's or atomic blonde.\nThis is about the sparrow school which was a sub branch of the KGB that was disguised as a ballerina school which trained orphaned girls to became KGB spy & assassin's.
Solo film about the Black Widow in MCU we must will forget...
Lmfao! this is like the Black Widow movie we never got! even the origin looks like the same.
So they decided to make a Black Widow movie after all
Does anyone know the name of the song in the trailer? It's so good.
Ah, I just noticed it was moved from November to March. Why the date shift?
My dad once said - The russians are like a ugly moth - it will charade as a butterfly, but its soul is that of a ugly pest - destroying, feral, barbaric and pathetic little things
the picture of she in a red room assult me however i find it a strong trailer adviced for pg18
The evil Russians and their Agents. Hollywood is so innovative....
Black Widow's Origin story
Could be the first movie I watch that stars Jennifer Lawrence.
MCU stans are so pressed over Red Sparrow. And I'm loving it ...they can keep their kiddy mcu version. Thank god Red Sparrow is gonna be hard R.
Лоуренс ни разу ни похожа на русскую, и она слишком жирная для балерины. Ну и адовый набор клюквы, конечно
JLaw is acting as Dominica but who is Nash?
Not the black widow movie we asked for but apparently it's the one we're going to get
The hell...This is too close to Atomic Blond to the blond wig...seriously?
пацан попутал....дал сторублевками Дженифер Лоуренц....)RIP
Hopefully this role gives her some sort of inspiration for mystique now 🍵🐸
So like part 2 of the atomic blonde & black widow?....K
She's not a sparrow, she's a mockingjay... silly people!
i love these new movies she's doing
her at the beginning in the red dress gives me such Emily Browning vibes
I guess they renamed the Black Widow movie.
Normally I would be scared if this were say, Sony or Warner Bros but Fox seems to know exactly what they’re doing with these R rated comic book style movies. Very excited
Тратят кучу бабла на съемки, а у самих даже в трейлере ошибки.
Black Widow meets Girl With the Dragon Tattoo meets Atomic Blonde!
Why so many dislikes ? i loved the  book and this looks great!
0:25  переснимете этот эпизод, не позорьтесь.  Не может такого быть, шалава за 2 бутылки водки, ахаха. Не такие есть, но они вокзальные шалавы, с опухшей мордой, не в гостинеце точно. Там должны быть доллары. Минимум 5 000 рублевые банкноты.
This looks so stunning! J-LAW is amazing!
just beat her
First a Mockingjay now a Sparrow :P
Another movie with Jennifer Lawrzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Longing\nRusted\nSeventeen\nDawn\nStove\nNine\nKind-hearted\nHomecoming\nOne\nFreight car
yes please... 😍
 Black widow 
Boring. Female assassin how edgy.
Joel Zaddy Edgerton\n\n\n\nJesus Christ
Black Widow, Red Sparrow. Whatever.
Black widow?
Looks more like sophie marceau
Nice
Angie did it better.
Hunger Games: Sparrow Widow
Black Widow
Another atomic blonde
Dunaújváros? Valaki?
0:56 hehe
music anyone?
. . .screams Black Widow Origins. . .Unrated edition
Anyone else getting Naked Weapon vibes?
*yawn*
Waste of talent.
Idiots. http://observer.com/2017/09/darren-aronofsky-mother-worst-movie-of-the-year/
0:53 Hacking Lawrence iCloud
just another atomic blonde sequel ;-)
jennifer laurence issa hot 🔥
Bad russians... again?
katniss is that you?????
This looks terrible
Boobs. Jennifer Lawrence Boobs.
Your audio sucks. Get better equipment
Is hernandez being played out of position and does he know he's being played out of position ?.
I love this channel . Dan Lawless please get rid of this battery operated microphone it's ruined the interviews .
Ben Foster should of been sent off...
Why cant we beat these teams uhhh so frustrating
Dom out here be looking like Dr Who with that coat
Football is shit and the players are all over payed, I don't watch football or support it, the only input I can give is Chelsea beats all.
Be thankful you only have to see that sort of game twice a season we have to watch that boring bollocks week in week out depressing as fuck
Game plan pro tip: score more goals than the opposition.
West ham are shit. I do hope you lot get relegated this season.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
The audio is toilet. Like your team
Lol! One of the fans tried to push me off the train and he didn't even move me 😂😂
I agree we didn't have a game plan which is often the problem with Bilic. only reason we kept the ball a lot is because they allowed us to. Says a lot when our best effort was Obiangs long ranger and stop play our best goalscorer in years on the wing FFS
SAVE OUR FREEDOM\n#FixRussianYouTube\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V5lLXtRtCg&feature=share
*sigh*
.tihs smaet ruoy mah tsew no tihs gfmO
COME ON ARSENAL
carroll the problem, we make too many sacrifices as a team for him, he should be a super sub for when hernandez isnt working
The btec aftv
Board and Bilic OUT! 😣
Unpopular opinion but I would have kept snodgrass and got rid of Ayew instead, has Ayew actually had 10 decent games for us? Should have given snodgrass until January to see whether he could rediscover his hull form
How is this shit trending
This channel is shit full of cunts
This is just a couple of losers trying to be rich, copying Robbie
West ham sucks
Have fun in the Championship next season
How the fuck can you be the better team with no game plan 😂 retards
HELLO FRIENDS!! i dove back into the sea of ~wish~ once more to see what all this free stuff was about... are there any other strange websites you would like me to try?
I bought a beach dress from Wish and I am not gonna buy from that site again.
A professional rapper  my chains are hanging low
Its not really free if you pay 2-10$ for shipping 😂
Can you please do a wish video where you buy the things with the same picture but different prices?
I'm literally wearing the same shirt as you
Thanks for the video, I just got the app and had noticed the same thing and wasn't sure why.
Actually, if it says free, it means they added the original price of the product to the shipping fees. I compared some stuff for free in my account and when I logged out, the original price appeared and the shipping cost was less so I figured out that NOTHING is for free on Wish! They just know how to manipulate people.
This was posted on my bday!
Do your chain hang low or does it woggle to the floor 🎶 anybody else pick that up at @8:46
Who who be buying a medium orange?\n\nI usually wear mediums.\nMy favorite color is orange.\n\nSo I would buy it lol.
I just wanted to throw out there the jewelry on wish is actually really good (even the free) you should check that out, I got both my husband's wedding bands on there and both were a success and lots of rings for me 😂 everything else is hit and miss the rings are great
Where where where where where where did she get that phone case on her phone????
Please please please try the dad bag!!!!!!!!! DAD BAG DAD BAG DAD BAG!!!! It's hilarious! It's a belly fanny pack! Well what in the world does that mean!? Look it up my friends! 😏 Please try to style the dad bag!!
The background music made me think of the Curious George theme song, and that's all I could focus on the entire time.
WHEN SHE HISSED AT THE PANTS IM DYinG
im wearing that same cat shirt
I had a wish add before this😂
OH DO YOU SEE THAT SPARKLE?...\n\n\n\n\n\ni got a little aroused there!\nsame saf, same🤤😂😍
I'm wearing the same shorts as I watch this video and when I got the shorts multiple combinations were free.
Has anyone seen Annika Victoria's comment on this video? Pls answer 🤔❤️
Hey! I have the shirt you wore when you got the items
I have that love shirt lol
The thing that's dumb about the people selling free stuff on there is that you can't even get it in the right size for free. It's really counterproductive because Saf bought the wrong size anyway just for the sake of the video, but anyone who saw irl that the price went up for a bigger size would probably just click off and end up not buying the item if they couldn't get it in the right size. They're basically just driving away would be customers. Color is one thing but size is literally something you can't change about yourself, so it's dumb that they would change the sizes to also add money. Very shady, shallow and underhanded.
I just found your channel & I love it! :) ... (subscribed)
Can you do a makeup wish haul?
This is america. Where the free isnt free.
not a fan of the intro song tbh
A wish ad came on before this vid
Can you please do a stitchfix episode??? I really want to see how that works!
Saf look up the dadbag fanny pack! I think you were destined to review it
You should try this again with actual free things.
Do more of these !!!!! 😂😂😂
You should try the dad bag!! It's a fanny pack that looks like a man's stomach (sort of like the swimsuit you tried out) it's hilarious and would definitely get some good reactions!
u have the best video ideas poor buzzfeed
Guess what ad I had before the video? WISH
Who else loves it when she reads the titles of the products
The best thing about Wish is that it is nice for my shopping and gambling addiction... all rolled into one!
Can you please try Zaful ? I've heard bad things about it and would like to know if it's a scam or not before I decide to order something from them
Yo I got a wish ad
I like your vids, but i get distracted by your background.
Hey I'm not sure if you'll see this or not but I'm pretty sure I just seen you in an ad for a breast enhancement cream there called Extra Bella on Facebook. You were in a video they just posted.
okay so there's a new bag idea in the works called the dadbag and while it is not being sold yet I think you should definitely keep and eye out for it because it would be perfect for you to try out. \n\nhttps://www.google.com/amp/www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-4898416/amp/Designer-creates-Dad-bod-bum-bag.html
No it means they pay the people that make the products nothing.
honestly much prefer safs vlogs, cant watch much of her sit down and talk vids bc she has such a monotone voice :|
Who else got a wish ad before the video?
the free things are the same cost as the things that are not free. they just change the shipping cost. so it'll be free plus $2 shipping or cost $1 with $1 shipping. it's a marketing technique.
You should do a first 5 things DIY on Pinterest.
Can you buy like prom dress the cheap ones with the pictures that look sooo great and the ones that cost a lot and look good on the picture?? \nIf that makes Sence XD
the things u brought where free but the shipping was not
I got a wish ad
Do the same but with wedding dresses or dresses in general
Buy make up from wish or from instagram adds
basically what costs a dollar has shipping for a dollar. they just make it 'free' to get the buyers attention and the shipping is 2 dollars so your paying the same price
Full face of Wish makeup could absolutely surprise you, I got some of my best liquid lipsticks from wish, I'd love to see Saf give it a go!
Just so you know. When They say that its free you Are just paing more In shipping
Idk why but i like her voice 😂
Could you please do a WISH verified haul??
New subscriber and loving your content so far! Have you ever considered reaching out to new beauty/fashion companies and startups to be hired as a professional consultant for them and critiquing their products and pointing out what younger consumers would want? Keep up the great work!
Body by Boyle is rated the #1 online gym in America. If you want to get ripped like I did, click here!\nhttps://tinyurl.com/ydhbtjnv
Please do a makeup haul from Wish! That would be so cool! Thanks for your fun and entertaining videos. Somehow they are also informative. :)
I think You might find this interesting http://thedadbag.com 😂👌🏻
I think u should do this again but refill your cart until u get five real free things. see how long it takes and what else u can get !
I love the way Safiya speaks. So precise with her ever word ♥️♥️♥️
The titles sound like titles from Fall Out Boy lyrics
The intro! Crusty is so cute!
Saw a see trough dress in ASOS for men, i say tyler triest it on! Or a couples outfit!
I know this has nothing to do with the Video, but I have to say thank you!\nBecause of the Video were you wore an intense blue Liquid Lipstick, I buyed one myself and in the next few days, I want to wear it outside.\nI'm a bit shy with lip colours, though I love lipsticks! And I g´have to admit, I live in Germany and the people are always looking when you not fit in their preferences.\nI'm wearing braceletts and I'm always afraid of wearing intense lip colours because I think it looks a bit strange with the braces, but it looks so good on you (you look beautiful in general) that I just though You know, Saf can rock it, so I can rock it too! \nSo thanks again for your Videos and all you give Saf!
You NEED to try the DadBag Fanny Pack!!!!  It would look great with your hairy chest swim suit... http://odditymall.com/dadbag-dad-bod-fanny-pack
I cringed every time you read the name of any item
I have a app just like Wish but it is GEEK \nand the prices are MUCH CHEEPER
*Wish disliked this video*
this is safiya new intro soooooooooooong
free.99 LOL
TRY TOPHATTER
Nice
😂👏🏼 free99
What a scam :/
6:29 holo-lujah \n  \nI'm sorry... Kill me pls Xp
DOO FENTY MAKEUP VIDEO
Congrats on 3million 😀😀😀😀
Try SammyDress, RoseWholesale, and Romwe~
WOO HAPPY 3 MILL!
please try aliexpress!
Congrats on 3 million subscribers!!!
HOLOOOOOO!!!
CONGRATS ON 3MIL SAFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Congrats for reaching 3 million !!!! <3
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=864226080418330&id=475009352673340\nCheck this out madam! 😉
Ugh YouTube keeps UNsubscribing me from your channel
u hαd tσ pαч ѕhíppíng  í thínk lσl
Safiya just crossed 3 Mil subs
you hit 3 Million subscribers❤❤
AHHHHH I MISS THE SAF/FREDDIE FRIENDSHIP AHHH
happy 3m, saf!! 💕
Please try Double Jeans!!!
3m!!!!!!
CONGRATS ON 3 MIL SAFIYA!!!!!!!!!
DONT ODER SLIME FROM WISH
3 MILLION !!! 🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉
Damn he has attractive hands. 👅 And I like his swag. I haven't seen the movie yet so this isn't weird for me.
1:03 I AM THE ALMIGHTY CORNHOLIO!!! DO YOU HAVE TP FOR MY BUNGHOLE?
I think he could pass as The Joker! but that's just me
Why are his pupils so big? 😳 is he on drugs
oh no he's hot!
Am I really the only one who didn't find the movie scary at all? Still worth watching just not scary in the slightest.
Perfect Actor for the role as a Joker
Do u think he will made it as a joker
Like=meet some one famous comment=make lots of money sub to me and be REALLY FAMOUS
When you were a fan from Hemlock Grove and he is only now getting recognised more..
God made white people super talent
He reminds me so much of Martin wallstrom, tyrell wellick from Mr. Robot and they're both swedish aswell! Looks like they breed all the good looking ones there lol jk \nBill was great in Hemlock grove and i'm glad we're getting to see more of him! He deserves more recognition and work!
Why does he keep licking his lips?
Got a little help from floki
he's hot in a weird way
I wish I could do that 😂😂👌👌
may be the next joker in batman
Who here tried to do the smile 😂😂😂
Other people say they want him to play the next Joker.  He looks more like Cletus Cassidy aka Carnage to me. Would be a good villain in a Spider-Man movie
i'd still smash
he could play the next Joker
I just figured out I can lip point too
i have weird vibes from this dude
He also does the eye roll trick
He seems like a pretty likeable dude.  Looking forward to seeing more of him; especially in the second IT.
I think his Pennywise worked better in heavy shadows. The opening scene was amazing because there was more left to the imagination, made him look even bigger and more surreal. Also his creepiness trying to appear like a normal clown to Georgie but coming across alien was incredible. I just wish more sequences were written with that sort of tense slow-burn exchange between the cosmic entity and the kids it consumes.
Anyone know where i can get the poster of his smile! Like im shaking yall hes so hot!!
Now that i think about it..Wouldnt he be a fitting for the joker?
When you go IT to LIT
I actually have a crush on him since before the movie help
when Georgie saw the boat go under he said ''Bill's gonna kill me''....I saw what you did there Andy Muschietti
My daughter wants to smile like that XD
I can do the same smile yet I don't get contracted to be an actor...
Bill is a super star now he nailed Pennywise
he's much scarier in RL ;-;
Close competition to Anythony Perkins' in Psycho
You look like your on dugs bra
Anyone else thought that it said cocaine on the thumbnail not cocan
this actor has a bright future ahead... amazing job...
Get a Brand New iPhone X Free!\nhttps://goo.gl/BUXpmH
It looks more deep than scary
i want him\nto look my\nin the eyes like this when he... ya know...
Gustav is still the best actor out of the bros
He is an amazing actor! And Hella hot... 😊 but for real - being such an amazing human being irl and having to be a creepy killer clown for a movie... Wow.... Appreciate it
Hi people subscribe to me im a pc gamer and setup builder
100% of people who watched this video tried to do it
How can i see my %if i have now i enter here september 12 2017 then me i know what is our busines how can i know that im the one of your member pls.reply
He looks like Barry Allen from the flash. N they have a similar vibe.
No human should make that smile. It's just disturbing.
Seeing his eyes make you realy sayTHAT' IT!. He did fit to play the role. The eyes and the smile he learned from his older brother. Thank ya big brother. People would think that the smile is just an illusion from the make-up but NOOOO! It is natural. LOL. And look at eyes man. He was really good in playing the role. No offense but I really do not know him, may be  saw him in other movies. So it made me wonder how IT will act the character. He did NOT disappoint us.
I just watched the movie and I was pretty disappointed didn't feel like a horror movie tbh those kids really ruined the movie for me I got a Disney movie vibe lmao
Is it wrong that I find him  attractive 🙊
imagine having sex with him and he makes this face
Sorry for the plug. https://youtu.be/zdw90xwKbx4     it's Danielle Bregoli
Man I wish I could add photos in the comments because I pull the most evil face ever
He looks like a young Willem DaFoe . I mean this in a good way !
them: who's tom holland\nme: 0:53
He's so chill
Can he be the new joker
Bro I can do it too. The reason I discovered I can do it is when Jim Carrey did it in The Grinch and I found out I could do the same. SO WUT NOW HUH
At the West-2017 exercises, the Russian Ka-52 Alligator helicopter opened fire on viewers\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8fTKJoQvPM
😍😍😍😍😍😍
The great cornholio
Poor Georgi
Original Pennywise is better.
He's hoooooot
Dude looks like a young Brady lol
This sucks
🎈 🎈 🎈🤡 🎈 🎈 🎈
he's so cute omg
Conan should be Pennywise next movie.
hes so cute
🎈            🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈\n🎈                           🎈\n🎈                           🎈\n🎈                           🎈\n🎈                           🎈
He's so hottt
Found in prison
Stay away from this guy
i think he is a much scarier clown than jared leto's the joker..
hi
Mr hemlock grove I applaud thEe
https://youtu.be/xtP9r9VcKtQ
I love his voice and the smile!
syakep ihh
Bill is my friends kusin
Lol your right
Jörgen
love the Skarsgårds
he looks like pedo clown lol
He is so adorable 😂😂💖💖
BILL IS TOO CUTE!!😍❤️❤️❤️
reminds me a bit of David Bowie
Not again 😂😻😹
😱😦😲😢😢😢
That smile.\nThat damn smile.
🎈🎈🎈
🔴 *IT 2OI7 FuII-Mᴏᴠɪᴇ* [ t.co/383d4Y2sb0?amp=1 ]
0:52
wow he's so hot
My older brother Gustav, who is an actor too\n\nSo one brother is Pennywise, one is Tarzan....and also there's Gustav....
oh he's actually really hot
He has young Buscemi eyes!
Rest in peace Harry Dean Stanton.
Rest in peace
Just heard he passed, this was the first film I ever saw him in and he introduced me to this amazing song, travel well brother x
Now you're there buddy, now you're there.
I remember a couple of years ago rewinding this part over a few times because he sang this so sweet. You could tell he'd lived some life. RIP.
Rest now. You're in the grace of glory forever more. R.I.P Harry Dean Stanton. 1926-2017
Rest in peace and with the lord near
Harry Dean Stanton is the best - under appreciated actor of all time! Hands down, unless you count 'leading' actors.
R.I.P. Harry Dean Stanton.
R.I.P., HDS.
RIP Harry Dean
Stanton died today. 15 September, 2017.
Just a closer walk with thee, Mr Stanton,- rest in peace.
RIP...Ah was just watching Partly Fiction last night and remarked- There's the Last of a Certain Breed of Men.......Probably the last Hollywood veteran of WWII.
this is so saf
Harry Dean Stanton passed away today. The last movie I remember him in was The Last Stand with Arnold Schwarzenegger. We have a countless number of films he played in to remember him by. Christine, Repo Man,  Paris Texas, Dillenger, Two Lane Blacktop, Fire Down Below, and the list goes on and on. R.I.P. Mr. Stanton. You will be missed.
He performs it, just like the old blues legends, very great !
now there ain't nothin' to come back for
Safe travels Harry.
RIP Harry
RIP Harry Dean Stanton
Rip
R.I.P. Harry!
RIP Harry.
If I fall dear lord who cares?
how much homosexy did they do in this movie?
I was watching youtube videos the other night, and got caught in the mode where you keep getting suggested videos to watch. I passed on most, but wound up watching this, as Cool Hand Luke is one of my all time favorite movies, and I've always loved Harry Dean Stanton. Kind of surreal to me that the next day after watching this, he had passed on. If you've ever compiled a list of your favorite top 10 or 20 movies, there's a pretty good chance Harry acted in one or more of those movies.
A solid actor. Multitalented. Unforgetable in any scene. Job well done Sir.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Daily walking close to thee, let it be dear lord let it be rip harry, shedding a tear here boss
RIP HARRY & THANKS 4 THE MEMORIES MAN 💖 ✌ X X X
That Paul Newman didn't win the Academy Award for best actor in this movie is a joke. Paul Scofield, A Man for All Seasons was great, but Luke is an iconic film character creation.
R.I.P. Harry Dean Stanton. Just saw him in the new Twin Peaks
:'(   Rest in Peace Harry. You will be sorely missed buddy   :'(
May God grant him eternal peace. We'll miss you, Harry!
Rest In Peace Mr Stanton.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton. Thank you for this, sir.😥
Watching Cool Hand Luke now and I thought that was him.  RIP Harry.
Repo man; got all night every night R.I.P. 🌈🐺🌈🌵🌈🗿🌈🐎🌈🌅*
Rest in Peace Mr. Stanton.
great actor!!  last time I saw him was in a Two and a Half Men episode.  Cameo w/ Chris Penn and Elvis Costello, sittin' around talkin' in Charlie's living room.    FUNNY!    REPO MAN WAS SOO AWESOME,  I BOUGHT THE LP.  first punk lp.  I ever owned.   REST IN PEACE HARRY.  beautiful life and career.
Rest in peace good sir
Rest in peace, Harry.
Dear Friends... This man has passed on like we all will very shortly.  He will likely be remembered by many for his God given talent.  His passing should make us reflect all the more on our own short mortality.  The rate of death I am told is 100%  We could die at any time and from anything a virus, cancer, heart attack, stroke, high blood pressure, age, stress you name it.\n\nHave you ever stopped to really think about how little time you may have left on this planet?  I mean really let it sink in and think about it.  Friend..Do you know absolutely sure 100% if you died today where you would go?\n\nThere is a real place called heaven, and one called hell.   Hell is said to be eternal torment and separation from God, where there is no more hope ever.  Likely a most horrid place you wouldn't want any one to go for 5 minutes let alone trillions upon trillions of years...forever.  \nSee here; \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5gv-V9axtg\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLOAUB9Vjo0\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vywj182oFw\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDsn5v4pdgY\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmp3UNjeu0k\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15k-1V2gx6I\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2G6yFeWmw8\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYAVkuNk8pU\n\nFortunately God desires all to come be with him forever and it is an awesome place beyond description forever and ever...\nTo make this possible Jesus came to pay for our punishment our sin, our destination without God, and to bring us home to the most awesome, loving inconceivable place for all eternity. But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.\n\nAlso all of us have done wrong things and broken laws that God gave us.  Don't worry you don't get to heaven by being a good person.  And there aren't many different paths to heaven.  Fortunately there is a way that everyone who has done bad things can change and go to heaven forever and ever.  God said there is only one way to heaven..not many paths and fortunately we don't get there by being a good person\n\nIn John 14:6 Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. Nobody goes to heaven without Jesus.  Plain and simple that is how we go to heaven.  Not by being good, or following many different paths...it comes down to Jesus and Jesus alone.  What is required?  Well we learn that what is required is to repent of our wrong doings, and believe on the Jesus, and endure to the end of our lives continuing in our faith in Jesus.\n\nIt all comes down to this...will you Believe on and Trust Jesus today.  Change your eternal destiny right now be laying your trust in the only thing that can save us and fill the void in our hearts. Jesus Christ.\n\nWill you trust on him Before its too late!\n\nYou will all meet him VERY Soon whether in this life or the soon coming afterlife!\n\nWill you put your trust in him right now friend?\n\nPlease let this settle in deeply.  When you draw your last breath that God gives you, which could happen any moment.  In that moment you draw your last breath...the only thing that will matter is What YOU did with Jesus in this life....nothing else at all in that moment will matter..nothing else (everything but that is temporary and fading).  What you did with Jesus in this life will be the ONLY thing left that will matter in the moment you draw your final breath.  You cannot at this time begin to conceive just how important this message is.  I pray that you will take heed to it while their is still a short time for you to do so, and it is everlastingly too late for you.  Please friends do not ignore or delay in this serious message about turning to Jesus right now, and truly following him the rest of your days. \n\nHas anyone ever told you that: GOD LOVES YOU & has a wonderful plan for your life?\nI have a real quick but important question to ask you... If you died tonight, would you go to heaven?\n\nMuch Love to You\n\n(If you found value in this message please share this crucial message of hope with as many people as possible).\n\nhttp://howtofollowjesus.net\nhttp://embarktoheaven.info
I love this man. RIP\nHarry Dean.  When I\nfeel real down, this tune sung\nand strummed by him always \nsoothes me.
Rest in peace Harry one of my heroes . Thank you
This movie was like Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea. Both protagonists and stories seem like everyday scenes, the everyman trying to resist and overcome far greater and malevolent forces. Then you realise these are spiritual works of art. It isn't by chance that HDS is playing spirituals while they are trying to break Luke's spirit out there by the ditch, or here, saying goodbye to his mother. Quite a sad scene!
Such a great movie
Handful o' legends
His latest performances on showtime Sundays at 9:00 p.m.,on the return of Twin  Peaks He plays the guitar there once or twice as well
do u kiddies even realize how big a legend this movie and HDS is????
RIP.
Rip good sir
Rip Mr. Stanton
RIP
R.I.P.
Peace HDS..\n.you will be missed..
We will miss him dearly. RIP
RIP Harry Dean
RIP Harry
Rest In Peace
R.I.P
Rip Harry Dean Stanton...🙏
R.I.P
RIP Mr Stanton
R.I.P Harry
RIP Harry 😪
The best version of this song I ever heard is by the chambers bros.i,ve heard hundreds of versions.the bros do a fantastic job.great !!!!!!
🌈R.I.P. 🌈🗿🎸🎤🌵🌄🙌🎪💔*
Memorable song,  part of such a great movie, as its my personal favorite and quite possibly Newman's finest hour and his personal choice i do believe ? Harry Dean Stanton and his contribution is to his credit, RIP Harry
It just creeps up on you, powerful.
Why isn't this song part of the soundtrack? did mr.stanton ever record this song?
he croaked today, rip!
I wish Harry had recorded a full version of this.
Damn that is so great.
That brother is feeling it.  I can't sing or even listen to this tune without feeling it.
Harry's version is definitely best - wish he'd done the whole thing. Try Judith Durham - seekers for one that comes close.
pure class, from writing to music to acting, simple yet so deep
Man.......this movie. I think Paul Newmans best......ever. And he made so many that were over the top.
The closest to this I can find is by Judith Durham - wish Harry had done a full version but Judith's is excellent.
:(. ..
Comes a time the bitch don't recognize the pups no more...  -Harold Dean Stanton,... Last one standing might be appropriate after witnessing the sendoff they gave Dennis. Tough Motherfuckers to be sure. I met Harry Dean in '89 at the original Hollywood Billiards-(the brick building that fell in during the Northridge quake). I'd met some people already and was on the move in L.A. Some friends that ran the original Zero Club-(Wayzatta Cameroon-Mark Boyd and brother Scotty Boyd-great man/guitarista). We showed up to HB and walking in found Harold Dean holding court in a booth and completely lit, and blathering coherently. I was introduced and realized that this was the wrong time for such 'protocol'. He said-Nice to meet you Dave and that was my first big movie star encounter in Los Angeles. You would have had to have been there. series of true and actual events in the City of Angels. This being one of the least of them. Great singer, and pure American talent-\nHarry Dean Stanton. Not since that dog put his tongue on the butter. -Greatest role ever- Missouri Breaks.
now get ain't no grave...
He's been hitting the gym big time 👏👏
LET ME DO THE THING nick jonas babe, I let you do whatever you want to me.
People, stop commenting perverted things. You guys are so nasty. 😣😣
Nick's arms lookin good he looking good in general😍
Nick Jonas you sweet, sweet angel
https://youtu.be/riOq8pRl7vs
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
hot AND has good comic timing
😲 when did he get that big???
WHEN DID HE GET ALL SIX-PACKIE!!! (aside from kingdom offcourse) <3 !!
James must of had a erection. Laying on the table. With nick Jonas messaging you. With those big strong arms 😂
Can nick do the thing for me too I'm dreaming about this since 2006
The things I want to do to him are too rude for a YouTube comment
This was really bad.
¿why my husband Nick Jonas are giving you a message?..
There is no need to worry, for God loves you all\nThursday, 8 May 2014 @ 23:30\nMessage 1120\nMy dearly beloved daughter, look around you and you will see many people living carefree lives.\nYou will see laughter, joy and great comradeship and you will know that only this can come from God.\nMany people, once they know the truth, will embrace me with open and grateful hearts and then we will be one.\nMy plan is to gather all and flood them with great love, joy and happiness.\nI will delight in my new Kingdom and there will be much laughter, joy and beauty, as well as eternal life.\nLove will exude from every single creature; every single soul and life will be perfect.\nWhen you worry about the future of the world, remember what I have told you.\nAll will be well, once I come to gather you, into the new world, without end.\nThere is no need to worry, for God loves you all.\nAs for souls who live a deprived and sorrowful life, they will be gathered first, if they accept who I am.\nThose who are in terrible darkness will be given \nextraordinary graces to cleanse their souls, so that I can loosen the \ngrip of the evil one over them and take them into the safety of My \nMercy.\nThis is a battle and it will be hard fought, but the \npower of the Most Holy Trinity will be exerted and \n                 souls will be \nenlightened, so that they will not perish.\nI will raise important leaders amongst you and with an\n army spread in every nation, you will swell and take with you most of \nGod’s children, into the New Paradise.\nLook to me with trust and do not fear My Love, for you\n must know that I would never willingly frighten you, because when I \nmake my presence known, it will fill you with great wonder and joy.\nI assure you, there is no need for fear, for I am love, itself.\nLove will soothe you and when you face me, Your Jesus,\n you will be struck with a sense of instant familiarity, which is only \npresent when your heart becomes entwined with mine.\nHow I love you all and how I yearn for your souls.\nYour Jesus\n\nShare this:
Happy birthday Nick Jonas. YOU'RE SO HOT. Ok bye.
OMG Nick Jonas is such a hunk...like I can't lol
nick looking like a SNACK
Could you please send me his curriculum? 😂
I would eat the pastry he spat on with pleasure while looking at him in the eye
so many hoes in this comment section .
I cannot stop staring at his arms!
i'd eat that pastry just saying
Wish I could change places with the host!!!, minus the audience  :-)
Why do they always do that weird thing at the start when there like yeah hi but I'm not going to saying anything funny until everyone is quite.......
Things you gotta do to promote your SONG!!
is he playing in a movie or does he just want to get huge ?
Nick Jonas stole my heart when I was only 14 and still does the same <3 :)
Saw him live last year...it was amazing!
The way he cleaned that pastry...
he's hot but I miss the slimmer version of him, beautifully perfect now he's a bit chunky... well hot anyways
The great guitar master xD
Oh how I wish he was an intern at my firm...
The reason he's so damn buff is probably because he played an MMA fighter in the TV show Kingdom. He's seriously ripped in the show. Its actually a decent show-turns out the kid can act and very well actually. Unfortunately it only has 3 seasons but its still worth watching.
He's so hot ugh
Is it me it or does his voice sound different?
The only guy that i think is the most humble person ever.
between 1d and nick jonas james is living every girl's dream. \nmaybe not every girl but sure as hell mine!
Nick Jonas😍👑
Okay but Nick Jonas' arms 😍😍😍
I like how James Corden looks so suprised when they walk in 😂
Nick has gone puffed up eh?? I like it❤😂
james is living the life I wish nick jonas would touch me 😤💦💖
Just let him do the thing
OKAY HOW CAN I GET TO HAVE NICK JONAS ~THING?
James should get out of the closet already
lol 😂😂😂
New favorite video ever😍
The way the shirt wrapped around Nicks muscles...  Oh child 🙌
IF NICK JONAS GAVE ME TAT PASTERY I WILL LOVE TO EAT IT HAHAHAH
I wish Nick would rub me like that 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Being a host is such a great job
don't skip leg day kids
His voice 😍😍
Nick 😍💖
❤❤❤
The funny seeing Nick Jonas giving James amassage
Lol James 😂
Nick seni yerim kfmfkd
BUFF!!!!
Nick The pussy wetter Jonas
Nick Jonas 😍
Embarrassing to see this fat tw@t as a representative of British showbiz.. About as funny as Michael McIntyre or Jimmy Carr.. (don't start me off!)
NICK JONAS IS HOT ASFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
James if u dont want that sandwich ill eat it
Damn! Nick Jonas is looking exxxtra beefy! Yum!
Nick Jonas is soooo hot
The thing
Holy fuck Nick... you are so goddamn fine! Jesus
Nick Jonas has and always will be my favorite Jonas Brother.
Can I get that pastry???😂😍😍😍
Oh god, the amount of office rules I'll break when he interns at my work
When did his arms got so big 😍😂
Nick is so damn buff 😍😍😍😍😍
ripped
He's so hot n buffed 😍
ARRRRRMMMMMMMMSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
como la traigas Nick 😍😍
Is that how he spits shawn's asshole?
Nick is bae
Me next!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzAhZCMiUCI
My baby! ❤️ \n😫🤤🤤
Lord Jesus, my boy glowed up.
So amazing XD
Oh jeez he is buff 🔥🔥😏😏
His so Freaking YummY :)
Nick can sit on my face any day. 🤤
OMG Nick arms 😍
I think I need a massage too…… where's my NICK JONAS?
I need massage too.
HE'S DEFINITELY THE HOT ONE OUT OF THE OTHER BROS.
Now I have masseuse fantasies. Massage kink is the best kink.
He so sexy! Getting Marky Mark vibes. 😘
Damn nick is THIC C squared
Goodness gracious gravy, he's so gorgeous
James is me 😂😂😂
LOL he is so jacked!
BITCH HIS ARMS!!!
BBC are race-baiting pedophile enablers
I how long it'll be before the BBC disable the comments
Crisis actors and fake reporting of a staged event.
Watch more of this phony fake witness here: https://vid.me/mAavy
Highly suspect that the British Transport Police makes no mention of this incident whatsoever on their website which was I might add inaccessible for the last few days!\nBecause, they know it was just a terror drill but yet they have tear jerking stories about hero dogs from the Arianna Grande Farce in Manchester. Because that came under their jurisdiction also!\n\nhttp://media.btp.police.uk/Releases/ReleaseSearchPage.aspx?area=B%20Division%20TfL
So basically most people were injured from the stampede and not even the failed bomb. Lesson for people, stop stampeding when you suspect a situation, more people can be killed from a stampede than the actual attack
I know part and parcel is a made up quote, but this is part and parcel of living in cuck town
Everyone gets on at Wimbledon BOI , Most people get on at Earl's Court or West Brompton WTF Where's the logic
Can I ask why Emma told Sky news that it was she that lost her trainer yet in this interview she says it was someone else??? Notice how in every phoney fake 'attack' they lose their shoes. Sky helicopter panned onto the platform and lo and behold what do we see ........a pair of neatly placed black shoes and about a metre away a lone trainer. Freemason symbology that means the people participating are doing it of their own free will. Emma managed to mention in this one interview 1. ACID 2. LOST SHOES.3.MEN STRAPPED WITH BOMBS. Not scripted at all eh Emma???
Where do they find theae crappy actors? Why arnt these pillars of the news visiting the 29 injured people in the local a&e why is there a perfectly burning bucket in a plastic bag on a coach majesticaly alight with fairey dust? Sorry ide why is there no damage to the coach or even burn or scorch marks who do the bbc think they are kidding this has to be one of the worst staged terror attacks in history even worse that decrepid old krone zionist may has now raised the threat level so severe whens it going critical? And the ramifications of this act of insanity are mind blowing thats of course if anybody out there is even moderatly sane just observations nothing to worry about. This report has been brought to you all live from bailey rich & divixde and rule news room.
Does anyone believe this?   It is so obviously a drill gone live.
emma stevie still there! helping the news media with their comforting sound bites.
Why there was no cctv,  every carriage has cctv? I want to see cctv of this accident
scripted..
NEW WORLD ORDER
More crisis actors
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I would love to groom that girl
Sounds like what happened in Bethnal green in ww2
0:20 \nanyone triggered by her door closing sound effect ._.
You can find below an Arms Control Center video tutorial (and its script) on bucket bomb effects in London and the relevant security measures (related to the recent incident in the London tube)\nhttp://armscontrol.eu/2017/09/bucket-bombs-in-london-effects-and-security-measures-video-tutorial/
Damage to the train carriage?
*I replaced the pink shirted girl with Daenerys.*
Read that as human centipede at first :D\nAnd on a serious note...bla bla bla immigration bla bla musles fish stick. Thank you. But seriously I am glad nothing too serious happened.
Errm where's the cordon and bomb squad to sort out that bomb that failed to detonate properly lmfao\n\nCome on people move along,\nWalk straight past bomb on your left please.....
I hope it was only liberals who were hurt.
*Europeans in 2039*\n''Shit... We have no where to go..''
This government seems more interested in political correctness than protecting its citizens from these continuous terrorist attacks.
I don't think we should jump conclusions and say that this was done Muslim terrorists. We now have to consider that Far Right extremist/ White power terrorist are now on the rise and fighting back. And if you thought that the Muslims were bad you ain't seen nothing yet.
Time for India to rule england. British govt is incapable of ruling itself and saving it's citizens from islamic terrorists. England needs to be converted to non-abrahmic religions to achieve peace and stability instead of that satanic dead god which they worship.\nbye.
Now she can apply for a bit part in Hollyoaks.
SHOW ME ...  I DONT BELIEVE A SINGLE WORD ...  MILLIONS OF SPY CAMERAS ..MOBILE PHONES ..  I wont believe it till you show the cctv footage ..  not one person without hair/eyelashes/beard/...  K ill H umanati  at it again ..   playing with our minds ...FEAR FEAR FEAR ...   BE AFRAID ...  the  ill/eat ...are afraid .. that's why they do this ..
this is a sad day for England and the injured people will need at least 6 months off work to recover from this,  there was allot of smoke and a loud bang,  as some people had their ears bandaged in other videos and this alone is a 7k payout ,
So BBC who did it ? Oh that's right fake news .
Open Borders and Empathy for Terrorist does Not keep them from Killing You. #DrainTheSwamp
Where are the angry brits?
How long are you folks going to take this shit????
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en
[̲̅f̲̅][̲̅u̲̅][̲̅c̲̅][̲̅k̲̅] [̲̅y̲̅][̲̅o̲̅][̲̅u̲̅] [̲̅b̲̅][̲̅i̲̅][̲̅t̲̅][̲̅c̲̅][̲̅h̲̅] [̲̅a̲̅][̲̅s̲̅][̲̅s̲̅] [̲̅n̲̅][̲̅i̲̅][̲̅g̲̅][̲̅g̲̅][̲̅e̲̅][̲̅r̲̅] [̲̅g̲̅][̲̅o̲̅] [̲̅t̲̅][̲̅o̲̅] [̲̅h̲̅][̲̅e̲̅][̲̅l̲̅][̲̅l̲̅] [̲̅u̲̅] [̲̅n̲̅][̲̅a̲̅][̲̅s̲̅][̲̅t̲̅][̲̅y̲̅] [̲̅f̲̅][̲̅u̲̅][̲̅c̲̅][̲̅k̲̅] [̲̅u̲̅] [̲̅d̲̅][̲̅o̲̅][̲̅n̲̅][̲̅t̲̅] [̲̅d̲̅][̲̅e̲̅][̲̅s̲̅][̲̅e̲̅][̲̅r̲̅][̲̅v̲̅][̲̅e̲̅] [̲̅2̲̅] [̲̅l̲̅][̲̅i̲̅][̲̅v̲̅][̲̅e̲̅] [̲̅a̲̅][̲̅t̲̅] [̲̅a̲̅][̲̅l̲̅][̲̅l̲̅][̲̅.̲̅] [̲̅i̲̅] [̲̅h̲̅][̲̅o̲̅][̲̅p̲̅][̲̅e̲̅] [̲̅u̲̅] [̲̅s̲̅][̲̅t̲̅][̲̅a̲̅][̲̅y̲̅] [̲̅s̲̅][̲̅t̲̅][̲̅e̲̅][̲̅r̲̅][̲̅i̲̅][̲̅i̲̅][̲̅l̲̅][̲̅e̲̅]
These Witnesses are all trying to get out the Script in their head that they learnt through their mouth
Evil qur’aan (Proof in desc. and comments) ripping and my advice, if I am slaughtered! Like and RT\n\nhttps://youtu.be/szZTiavY-6A \n\nMany muslims are in delusion and they think they will get eternal pleasure for following falsehood!\n\n\nIf you are to evil to realise the evil nature of Islam there is nothing I can do! \n\nThe most powerful creator will exercise justice to those who are evil!
shame that bbc cow wasn't stampeded.
So it seems that all of the injuries were caused by the 'stampede' as opposed to the actual so-called 'explosion?'
We don't believe you lying sacks of shit
so the train doors shut, then there was an expolsion and she ran for her life? so presumably she has suoer human traits and can oass through glass?? there were layers of women underneath her screaming..??? not one bit of burn damge in carriage, no smasehd glass, and a smouldering little plastic bucket. a guy who said he was next to the so called bomb was injured? his hair was singed. she is taling aobut crush in a panic. the panic was the issue surely
Emma Stevie works at Delamar Academy, famous for doing make-up for films and TV. What's the connection there? Why isn't she even slightly upset, if she's been in a human pile-up and seen a kid with his face smashed in? Why has she been hanging around all day? Maybe for the free pizza and water, which were arranged in advance for the drill taking place?
F A L S E F L A G
EMMAAAA STEVIE............FUCKED!!!! YOU 'RE HOT GIRL, YOUR BODY, ASS, AND CURVES......SEE & CHECK HER INSTAGRAM BOYS....AND GIRLS WHO LIKES ASSES
If you believe this garbage again you need to seek HELP,,   war on terror is a hoax and so is their fabracted isis,,  the likes of the bbc is your real terrorists folks and its time you woke up to this fact,,
Why is this trending with only 64k views
Do the people complaining about immigration not realise most of these attacks are done by British Muslims?
Use your words...stampede, acid, crying little boy, chaos, flames, train.
I read this wrong...
I don't care if your police, i don't care if your a kid, i don't care if your pregnant, you best believe I'm stamping over every single body to get my fatass out
beware of the church of scientology, it is an evil cult who want to ruin your life and steal your money, your life is at risk if you involve yourself with this organisation\nwatch this film for the truth about scientology\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6oYaMtJln0&t=73s
Cute accent. Beautiful hair. Extremely hard to remove cum out of it.
I had no idea you Brits had girls this pretty and intelligent. Maybe it was a mistake for us to fight the revolutionary war for independence from the Monarchy. With girls like that, I think I'm gonna start a petition to rejoin that government and instead of bowing to the Queen, I'm bowing to Emma.
They really need to come up with better scripts for their crisis actors. It's getting more ridiculous every time they stage an attack.
Utter BS!!.I wonder how much she was paid for her extremely poor acting...lol....Why would you even do the noise of the train doors closing....Hahahahahahahahahaha!!
Notice she said we need more people on the underground, see in times like this you're all left to figure it out yourselves. When the unions complain of a system running on minimum numbers they aren't saying it for fun you know.
I just heard that there are 3,000 active investigations of potential terrorists in the UK and another 20,000 that police are concerned about. In the US our FBI has 6,000 possible Isis sympathizers under surveillance. Time to ban Islam and burn all Korans.
It must be horrific to be living your life and then one day a bunch of people show up and terrorise you day in day out!!\nIt's not like it's the1830's!!
I am really insulted by this shit. The BBC are actually saying This is how gullible and stupid we think you are
Wow...pathetic sheep.  Killing each other over nothing.  They were in no danger.  I avoid crowds.  People are very stupid.  This seems staged.
*Look upon the comments and weep*
She has the demeanor of someone talking about their favorite movie and seems to be suppressing a smile throughout the video. Can't say for sure that it's a false flag but yeah, it's a false flag... way to go BBC, fake news since 1922.
British brainwashing company BBC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XehYmn1ouFY
Meanwhile in Yemen...
Did anyone else read guman centipede?
https://youtu.be/VVcl_PwDXzU
Magic video!
someone probably fated and everyone freaked out XD
Humans are puke!  Ppl trampling others deserve to get blown to pieces!
inside job
Bombs can't melt plastic buckets.
#CrisisActors\n\n#FalseFlag\n\n#FakeNews
Absolute bullshit , 22 injured ,  lidl bag survives with no injuries
Biaised Broadcasting for Communists
ur mum gey
Lol human stampede!!!!
Bad actor haha
Operation\n\nMockingbird.
Paid actors for sure
False Flag Bullshit
Can we hear from the people this woman trampled on?
She doesn't sound very scared or shocked
Trainers, Brits are so weird.
UK people are selfish and deserved to die more in the future.
I like her English
People say these are actors which I don't believe. Some people can handle stress better than others and if you get on the battlefield, you'll see what I mean. I have seen people shot in the head and was able to block it out and keep my composure, while others would practically have a mental breakdown and freak out. Seeing people killed with blood everywhere is not something that is enjoyable by any means, but you have to deal with it and move on. In the end we all have to go anyway.
Two days, 77k views, and trending?
It's tough being a Muslim these days. To any fellow Muslims reading this ditch the ugly ass beards you guys have and dress like a regular westerner, that way people won't be able to suspect ur Muslim unless they ask. And females don't wear the hijab. Honestly for my Asian or middle eastern bros and sisters idk what you can do cos u stereotypically look and fit the description of a Muslim. Hope this helps
I feel so bad thats not even right man..\n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/london-train-fire-help-teen-recover
they have not soul, they are barbaric and uncivilized.  they kill anyone.  they must be deported  and their families and friends.   they must leave our countries and stay away, far, far away.     merkels   ideas.   move with brexit, demand  immediately.  last time i was in england, i did not recognized it.   london is unsafe and  now plagued with terrorists.   do not travel to england.
another staged event  with crisis actors ...who is buying  this bullshit ?
The girl in pink is world famous now...she will be in a movie..will get a book deal. write a book...become a porn star...be at super market openings and dine with the royals...she will commended for her bravery and given a medal..she will be a millionaire by XMAS.
And they ll still let more f these so called refugees in
Here is an example of, the dangers of taking in Child refugees from Muslim countries. They become a huge problem as they get older.
Thanks Islam
Rest in Peace Harry
Rest in peace Harry.  You were fucking awesome.
Taken by that increasingly rare ailment 'natural causes'. Rest in peace, Harry.
RIP Harry Dean
Rest in Peace, Mr. Stanton.
.\n**** THREE DIS-LIKES\n..NO SOUL YOU HAVE !!\n*****
Just heard the news of his passing.  RIP, Harry
RIP Harry Dean Stanton.
What a man. What feeling his face and voice conveyed.Today is for crying, but all the tomorrows will be for celebration of a beautiful life well lived.
REST IN PEACE  MR. STANTON,  LONG LIVE YOUR TALENTS  🕊😔⚘🎵🎥💕
R.I.P. Harry Dean Stanton. You were loved.
RIP Harry. Thank you for sharing your talent for so many for so many years. Til the other side...
Beautifully done. I never knew he was a singer.
wow!! so long Tramp, you done damn good!! rest in peace Mr Stanton.
Rip Harry
Fifty years ago I went to the pictures to watch Cool Hand Luke  and I enjoyed him singing Just a Closer Walk With Thee which was brilliantly evocative, and very apropos. I think that was the first time I'd ever heard a religious song that wasn't dull. This clip is good, VG considering his age and the effects age has upon the vocal chords.\nHe should have sung more during his career.
He was great in Repo Man.
good-bye Harry Dean Stanton, The screen will never see your like again
Rest in peace Harry. You were a multi talemted performer and we enjoyed every minute with you.
You did it, my friend. You lived a full and complete life. It's a pity that we have only one to life to accomplish it.
rest in peace, dear Harry..  i loved you
Powerful ..... on the same level as Johnny Cash cover of Hurt... RIP.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Man, the Red-Headed Stranger himself has to be crying right now.....
RIP HARRY & THANKS 4 THE MEMORIES MAN 💖 ✌ X X X
Thank you for all you gave us through the years. Rest in Peace and God's love.
:-( Rest in peace sir. You helped to make my movie going experience memorable.
Awsome actor love his movie pretty in pink... RIP dear Dean💗
RIP Harry Dean! God bless you!! Thanks for all your movies and songs!
Rest In Peace Harry Stanton.
Rest in peace Mr. Stanton, and condolences to those he leaves behind.
Always enjoyed his acting. Such a talented man. :-( R.I.P. Harry
Rest In Peace, Harry.   You will be missed.
RIP You left a mark.
Rest in Peace Harry, you deserve it.
One of the best actors, and...dammit, I can't do too much more of this timeline.
RIP, My favorite man of all time. 💔
Simply touching. RIP, Sir.
Rest in Peace, Harry
Fuck the people who hit dislike on this video.
I never knew you Harry but I Loved You.
It's all a game. It's just a movie. Enjoyed your talent, Harry. RIP
In peace Harry - thank you for the memories XXX
I miss you... all my love friend
I just found out he passed. So touching...
A Great Actor!!!
Beautiful !
Viva youtube ...
Beautiful
r.i.p. Harry
Awesome! RIP Sir.
Goodbye, dear Harry! :'(
RIP Harry Dean Stanton
Rest easy.
what a dude, R.I.P.
RIP
RIP, Sir!
RIP Harry
R.I.P. Mr Stanton.
4E in my heart. R.I.P.
Rip beautiful song 😊
xxx
Rip
X
GBNF
beautiful voice...touches your soul...
R.I.P.
R.I.P. dear Harry <3
should have played hank williams
Dear Friends... This man has passed on like we all will very shortly.  He will likely be remembered by many for his God given talent.  His passing should make us reflect all the more on our own short mortality.  The rate of death I am told is 100%  We could die at any time and from anything a virus, cancer, heart attack, stroke, high blood pressure, age, stress you name it.\n\nHave you ever stopped to really think about how little time you may have left on this planet?  I mean really let it sink in and think about it.  Friend..Do you know absolutely sure 100% if you died today where you would go?\n\nThere is a real place called heaven, and one called hell.   Hell is said to be eternal torment and separation from God, where there is no more hope ever.  Likely a most horrid place you wouldn't want any one to go for 5 minutes let alone trillions upon trillions of years...forever.  \nSee here; \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5gv-V9axtg\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLOAUB9Vjo0\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vywj182oFw\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDsn5v4pdgY\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmp3UNjeu0k\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15k-1V2gx6I\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2G6yFeWmw8\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYAVkuNk8pU\n\nFortunately God desires all to come be with him forever and it is an awesome place beyond description forever and ever...\nTo make this possible Jesus came to pay for our punishment our sin, our destination without God, and to bring us home to the most awesome, loving inconceivable place for all eternity. But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.\n\nAlso all of us have done wrong things and broken laws that God gave us.  Don't worry you don't get to heaven by being a good person.  And there aren't many different paths to heaven.  Fortunately there is a way that everyone who has done bad things can change and go to heaven forever and ever.  God said there is only one way to heaven..not many paths and fortunately we don't get there by being a good person\n\nIn John 14:6 Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. Nobody goes to heaven without Jesus.  Plain and simple that is how we go to heaven.  Not by being good, or following many different paths...it comes down to Jesus and Jesus alone.  What is required?  Well we learn that what is required is to repent of our wrong doings, and believe on the Jesus, and endure to the end of our lives continuing in our faith in Jesus.\n\nIt all comes down to this...will you Believe on and Trust Jesus today.  Change your eternal destiny right now be laying your trust in the only thing that can save us and fill the void in our hearts. Jesus Christ.\n\nWill you trust on him Before its too late!\n\nYou will all meet him VERY Soon whether in this life or the soon coming afterlife!\n\nWill you put your trust in him right now friend?\n\nPlease let this settle in deeply.  When you draw your last breath that God gives you, which could happen any moment.  In that moment you draw your last breath...the only thing that will matter is What YOU did with Jesus in this life....nothing else at all in that moment will matter..nothing else (everything but that is temporary and fading).  What you did with Jesus in this life will be the ONLY thing left that will matter in the moment you draw your final breath.  You cannot at this time begin to conceive just how important this message is.  I pray that you will take heed to it while their is still a short time for you to do so, and it is everlastingly too late for you.  Please friends do not ignore or delay in this serious message about turning to Jesus right now, and truly following him the rest of your days. \n\nHas anyone ever told you that: GOD LOVES YOU & has a wonderful plan for your life?\nI have a real quick but important question to ask you... If you died tonight, would you go to heaven?\n\nMuch Love to You\n\n(If you found value in this message please share this crucial message of hope with as many people as possible).\n\nhttp://howtofollowjesus.net\nhttp://embarktoheaven.info
He still has a presence
Lovely.  I used to know Dean.
Mashed me up ♥
Like it:)
Hey Lovely people, I'm loving reviewing these sites and experience and sharing the good, the bad and the ugly with you all! I've linked most of the items in the description box for those asking, however they often sell out or are removed on ebay! Hope you enjoy and see you on Sunday for my next video xx
When she started comparing the Fenty's I fell off the damn couch laughing so hard 😂😂😂 You Slay my life omg!!!
You sound like Mel B. So cute
You should try TigerMist! It's an Australian store but I've always had great experiences with them!
Pricing is so random because of currency exchange
I like your video.Please you can try somthing from  -  ioffer -
Fast, cheap fashion usually comes at a price. That is, underpaid, overworked women and children in sweatshops.
I've watched multiple haul type videos of ebay and such and she is definitely my fav. You're entertaining and authentic it's nice :) your waaooows are so aww hahaha girl I like you
And I'm offended 😭😭 love her
Can you please put the name of the seller of the yeezy boost ?
I love the short hair on you! ❤️❤️❤️
Where is your necklace from\nI loveeee it ❤️
'And I'm offended'😂😂😂😂
Sis, you are hilarious!! I was screaming at the pink shoe review!
I love you Patriciaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
I don't trust ebay
Thanks Patricia for this video. Some people just think ebay is bad by it really isn't.
Could you please add the yeezy link?
I cried when she pulled out the Fenty sneaker alternative lmao
I dunno what you did, but you are looking fleeky in this video!
Posted this video on my birthday.😘❤\nLove you Patricia!!!!!!
where'd she get the yeezys
Lmfaoooo she's just so sweet
Loooove the boots.
Where on eBay did u find the yezzys and can you reply with a link 🙏😂
Where has your Afro hair gone?  \nCan't stand black girls trying to look like a white girl it don't make sense???'
Where's the link for the yeezys tho? 😬😅
The yezzys on ebay arent real most of the time, chinese companies know the resell price and sells replicas for the price. Because legit cream whites go for 450$ canadian, a giant gap from your purchase sorry :(
Patricia you are so pretty!! 💓💓
The hook from your toes being squished comment 😂😂😂
her use of the word beak to describe things has me dead omg
Love your hair! Real hair or wig? If its a weave can yu make a video about it
You had me rolling at the end with that last shoe lmao
do a forever 21 video ❤️
Patriciaaaaaa!! I'm glad your subscribers are increasing everyday. Can you do a little something in honor of your OG subscribers?? Like just chatting or relationship stuff. I feel fatigued by all of the spending you do lol. Not hating, but I love hearing your thoughts on life and stuff like that. Your latest videos are making me feel poor and quite demodée rofl 😂😂😂😂
Do a review on Romwe.com!!!
You look so cute with short hair! I love it! I'm feeling it! Girl you are fabulous
Hey, I am a shoe plug. Comment the best way to get in contact with you if you're looking for legit yeezys, Balenciagas, and more
Is anyone else seeing MacyDress on their Facebook page & do you think it's legit?
I loved the heels in the end , some in black would look so beautiful 💖
I love her accent it is so beautiful 👟👞👢👡👠
Did you buy something from sportsdirect.com sometimes? :-)
is her hair textured? its really bouncy and smooth looking..
the last ones finished me!
I'm laughing so hard, And I'm offended. Dead.
That hair. (In Patricia's voice) haiiii haaaiiii haiiii🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🤛🏽👌🏽
Im really excited, which is most of the time. shes so cute omg
The over knees were okayish,but a thicker legged person, would have a bit of a struggle.
Smells like burning fire smells like chemicals you could get high on I cried 😂😭
She didn't list the yeezys in the description box
...and I'm offended. Best line of the video. Thanks for sharing your ebay experience with us!
aw this was posted on my birthday
If you don't have anyone to give those shoes to can I have them. The Ruby red first shoes size 11 @patriciabright
try ioffer!!! i've had loads of stuff off there like michael kors etc x
How many bills you spent on the yeezys
how tall are you?
Hi...do you have the eBay link for the boost
Girllll I've only just discovered you and omg I just love you so much already wow
Where is you necklace from please?
Hi there! I have been enjoying your reviews recently, and would like to know if you could review JustFab.com? Thanks.
If you want cushion get you some dr shawls for the tall boots for the insides👍🏽💯
The yeezys are not real
The Yeezy's are fake
Awesome video! :D I am a shoeholic, shouldnt watch any shoereviews as they make me wanna buy more :D
she is so funny!
or you went to Florida and stole them....
Hi Patricia proud you make so much amazing video that's impressed me and so much very lovely and very very interesting so I just have my own YouTube channel I would like for you to give me a time so thank kiss 😘
I buy a lot of my shoes off of eBay and am always happy with my purchase. I never have anything wrong with the sizing so I don't know what happened with you!! Some nice shoes though!
I love love love your hair Patricia! It's gorgeous! 💕
You can get those exact heels (the burgundy shown in the picture) on lolashoetique.com Along with plenty of other cute heels
I'm a size 9😂
You're such a warm and positive person, I love watching your channel
I sincerely hope these videos are a tax write off.
How much were the yeezy's though?
You must tell us about what you did to your hair
*spends 500 dollars on Yeezy's to go to the store*
why are yeezy so expensive... they aren't even nice...
Yeezy are from adidas
Please do an AliExpress haul
Im not a fan of ANY white sneakers at all! I think they make your feet look extremely large lol. You picked out some cute things though.
Affordable fashion items under £25 - https://tessa-vieve.myshopify.com/
Send them back!!!!
You are hilarious
Video starts at 2:53
I love this haircut!
Lmao at that puma situation!
Size matters
06:51 your pants stall is open :-D
She's fucking STUNNING! Yesss honey 👏🏼
Addydaas//ahdeedas
New subscriber
Patricia you are hillarious! 😅
baby sick glue 😂😂😂😂😂
Subbed x
Excellent vid 👌🏻
DHGATE. the best for replicas
JustFab!!!!
Girls wearing yeezy 😍
Please do dollskill.com
Adidas? It literally took me a second to understand what she was talking about😂
Funny, I love Nicholson's expression on the sour note.
lol they sing drunk
that is a tribute to the everly brothers - everybody knows and loves that song......
a few scorched notes but so nice; I used to know Dean.
Harry Dean Stanton the best
What happened to Hollywood?   lol
nice, bob dylan in the background chewing some gum.
I love this!
God bless Phil Everly and what a beautiful way to remember him - except playing the original records, of course...
Priceless! 
Why does it have to be SO EXPENSIVE 😭😭
Maybe Eddie took the brush? I´m kinda wondering if you found it!
Thanks for doing a real close up!!
Hi Nic. Can you recommend some dupes for the powder eyeshadows?
Is the mascara smudge proof?\nMany thanks 😘
There's a brand that's becoming popular in the U.S. called Maskcara, and I'd like to know your opinions on the entire set.
loved this video! you seem so relaxed, i hope you're doing as good as you look :) i also appreciate how honest you are with your reviews, thank you so much for being real and not trying to bash a company or selling us anything!
Wrong celebrity love
I'd love to see your take on Fenty Beauty by Riri
YSL DIOR and GIVENCHY please!
Can I ask you to do the review of clarins makeup please?)
I didn't expect the bronzer to be as beautiful as it is! It looks so dull and light in the pan, but when you put it on your face, it was beautiful!
Please have my baby
I would love to see a video about Fenty Beauty.
I think I'm going to grab the mascara. I am such a fan of any mascara that grabs all my lashes. In not sure of any of the other products. Thank you for being honest😘
Could you try bare minerals please ❤️
So beautiful. I am in love with a lot of her make up. Wish I could treat myself. Will try to if I can get hold of some. Xx
Where are your earrings from?
Forever love your videos! Would LOVE to see you feature; NARS & Hourglass Xx
Thanks for the video, would love to see you do a Laura Geller video please :-) x
For the one brand tutorial I would like to see a Natasha Denona one too if you can Nic 😘
No 7 video would be nice
Could you do a brand review on Hourglass? And Laura Mercier? Xx
Please bring the new blue brushes and the multi tech ones in Douglas stores in Germany...excited looking forward to get them from Douglas.de online Shop 🌸💕😘
that look is pretty
Wow, wow wow. The make-up your face and technical skills show the VB collection off to perfection. Thank you ❤️
I'd love for you to do a No7 Makeup tutorial/review! I don't see those very often and I think there are some decent thing within the brand for less bank breaking prices.
Lovely review, have you stopped using your lilash serum? Could you do update review on it x
It sounds weird but I love that greasy eyelid look. Do these transfer during the day?
I'd love to see a Clarins makeup tutorial!
I'd love to see a video using Tarte products! I try to use natural makeup brands when I can, and I think Tarte does that really well.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I can't deny that the packaging is beautiful, but the size of those eye shadows?  that's ridiculous.  They could have been a bit bigger to at least fill the compact.  I'm going to pass.  Although that eye foil looks great.  It looks like you're doing the glossy eye trend without the gloss.
Love Victoria Beckham's clothes, I was looking forward to seeing reviews on the cosmetics. Glad I waited because I am surprisingly not going to buy some of the items I originally had on my list! Love the Modern Mercury (I have the original one STILL), love the setting powder, and love the mascara! Thanks for the great review. Can't wait for the next ones!
Really love this type of video-very informative and helpful. Thanks Nic, brilliant job 😊
Loved the reviewtorial thought the end result was very much a Brooke Shields look. They do look like very luxurious products and you can see the quality in your results. Thanks for sharing
Could you do some more affordable brands like collection or maybelline x
Is flower beauty widely available there? It would be nice to see a brand review of that brand. Thanks! Still loved the end look even if you just wanted to try the products. :) great as usual.
Is this only colour of foil in the collection? Gorgeous makeup as always xx
If you can do Dior that would be great!! Thank you! Love love love your videos.
What show was she on. I recognise her just not sure what she was from??? X
You did a great job nic!
Could you try the new too faced kandee collection? \nWould be good to see an actual make up artist use it rather than just youtubers who dont have the same level of knowledge or experience xxx
Gorgeous!  I'd like to see beauty pie or kat von.d x
Nic, I think it would be hilarious to see you and Sam do a full face using homemade products based on jail makeup.  I love the vids where you guys  work together on a silly task like the waterproof mascara challenge you did.  \n\nI'm also dying to see you and Sam do looks from American Horror Story, especially Lady Gage's looks in the Hotel season.\n\nJust some ideas! Love to you all!!
Love the make up tutorial. Can you please do a review on Fenty beauty? I would an honest review. Thaaaanks x
besides makeup, you girl have a lovely nail color, i love it, show it often
Can you do a fenty makeup review
Will the real techniques powder bleu brushes come to ulta?
That lip liner color looks fucking good on you.
Dolce & Gabanna, please. Those are only available online and I'd like to see them tried out before I go and purchase them. Thank you!
You're so adorable!!! I love your makeup tutorials!!
please do a few looks with Natasha denona Lila palette! if you and your sister each did a look together from one palette, it would be like two looks in one video! genius! esp since you're both so talented and not just for ND but any brand and palette, that would be a cool video to see from you two
I really enjoy your videos....Could you review makeup revolution... thanks
Shit shit shit I really am trying to curb my spending on makeup. This doesn't help.
I recently bought some makeup from W7, I'd love to see you do a review of them! It's insanely affordable. Their Glowcomotion highlighter/eyeshadow is gorgeous. I also got their matte eyeshadow palette and all the shades are very wearable.
I would like to see the normal Estée Lauder range, especially the Double Wear Foundations and their differences!
Lovely video. Super informative and honest opinions. Look forward to more of this style of video. X
There's not a product that you used that doesn't look wonderful & flattering on you! I was wondering though, what color/brand did you use on your hair? I really like it
As much as I like Estée Lauder products I just can't get on board with this it's like taking out a bank loan to buy a bronzer, products look gorgeous on you though nic!
When is the defining crease brush out? Only shade set in the brushes info ☹️
Baby hairs- put hairspray on a toothbrush and comb through! :)
Will you please do an Avon makeup review! Thank you :)
Hello can you feature hourglass & Laura mercier. I love watching your videos ☺️
Stunning as always but the makeup looked a bit doll like for me...maybe it was the skin. I know a lot of people love the perfect look but I love to see your amazing skin a little more natural xx
I'd like to see Jouer!
Tooth brush and spray it with hair spray
I would like to see some older brands which aren't so mainstream but have stood the test of time! Elizabeth Arden, Guerlain, Givenchy! Don't tend so see these products in videos!
To help with the whispy hairs: use hair gel on a toothbrush (of course a new one you only use for this purpose) and whisk them back. Stays in place all day.
How much is the foundation primer (Victoria Beckham) x
62 pounds for translucent powder?! Which you are probably paying for the name instead of the quality, you would probably find the same if not better quality product at a drug store.
Your skin is to die for!
I know it not fashionable but I would love to see a MAC review from their permanent line. You usually only see the LE collections.
I can still hear this creeking/grinding noise in the videos! What is this???
The foundation blends perfectly in with your skin tone! It looks gorgeous! <3
Once upon a time Victoria Beckham was putting her name to cheese and onion crisps. Now look at her collabs.. those prices!
Could you do Tarte please
Fenty Beauty 🙋🏻
So beautiful
Fenty Beauty pleaseeeeee
Review FentyBeauty, please! Hii from Brazil!
Great review, thank you 😊
Review Fenty Beauty Please
Please could you review Jane Iredale makeup🤞🏻
Could you please test Fenty Beauty !!!!!
Fenty plz
Bumble and Bumble Sumo Wax for whispy hair. XOXO!
Hate estee lauder. Bad eyeshadow. Hate the lip stick too.
Great video. Dior, please! :D
Laura Mercier, please!
Beautiful makeup
Fenty Beauty please?
Makeup revolution?
Too much
...why do these celebrities think they are so above reasonable pricing?! absurd!!! please don't pay this for products when equally good or better products exist for less!! great review, nic and the look you created is stunning, as always....thanks for your down to earth honesty xoxo
I feel bad thinking this but I really wonder how you would've felt about these products had you not known they were vb?\nI've watched this channel for years and I respect you both a ton and such is the reason why I don't want to doubt you.
Hi Nic....i Love ur Videos but these reviews would be even better when u could do a weartest and show how the Products lasted on  ur  face after  6-12 hours. Much love from Germany
Yes Fenty beauty please!! OMG VB products are expensive!! She may be pricing herself out of the market! Pass
Can u review fenty beaity
Nic!  Did you quit using LiLash?  Your eyelashes always look gorgeous, but I noticed they are no longer like they were in your LiLash video.  Just wondering whether it stops working because I've been using it based on your suggestion.
R.I.P. Harry Dean Stanton.
Harry Dean Stanton, genius character actor who broke through to the lead role in Paris Texas
Just saw this movie for the first time. If I knew how good it was, I would've watched it a long time ago.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton, One of the best actors ever.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton! \nOne of the best :(
A character actor who often outshined the star actors. Without Harry Dean Stanton Repo Man wouldn't be as memorable. RIP
You find one in every car,,,
0:16  My drive to work
Just adding my remembrance of Harry Dean Stanton in this essential clip for him from the movie we should thank him most for making, the most GenX cult film, one of the most essential films of the 1980s, and one of the best cinematic depictions of LA ever.\n\nAlways in small roles in so many '80s films that I enjoyed or remembered when I was young. Always added to those films in some way, as the late Roger Ebert noted, even if there wasn't much to add to.\n\nI was pleased to read that he actually kept at it until his death ... I hadn't seen anything with him in it since Anger Management and almost didn't recognize him there because of the makeup (but his voice was one of a kind).\n\nIf you want to see him in a more central role, to see him really show his range, I heartily recommend Paris, Texas. Long but good, from an actor's standpoint.
RIP Harry Dean\nyou made this movie so great
RIP Harry Dean Stanton. You attained Legend Status. Good on you.
Cool Hand Luke  Kellys Heros any movie Harry was in was better for havin him in it . .  .RIP Harry
Damn a lot of comments. Shame people have to die for their work to be recognized......
When I was a kid--- AKA adolescent punk wannabe in the '80s--- I wanted to be the old guy.\nI'm middle-aged now (a bad look for a punk), and I still do.\nNo character actor ever OWNED a movie like Harry Dean Stanton. Rest in peace, hangdog; see ya in the Big Parking Lot in the Sky....
Rest in peace, Harry Dean Stanton!
Rest in Peace, Mr. Stanton.  :*(
RIP Harry Dean Stanton. Life of a repo man is always intense.
I was in college saw this movie almost every day \nHDS-RIP
RIP...he lived by the Actor's Code
RIP Harry!
1:07 code , 1:43 tense situations ,
RIP Harry Dean Stanton
Harry Dean Stanton was one badass actor!  Godspeed brother!
later days harry.......
Rip Mr Stanton
RIP Harry Dean Stanton.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton
Only an a$$hole gets killed for a car
Yet, despite his disheveled appearance, you get the sense that Bud has a compassionate side to him and, deep-down, he wants to do something meaningful with his life. So he tries teaching Otto all about the repo man trade as fast as possible and, later, dies while trying to get the box. And even Otto comes around to feeling a kinship with Bud at the end by pleading with him, Only an asshole gets killed for a car! This is what makes 'Repo Man' such a great movie--the characters are interesting and you care what happens to them.
Ordinary fuckin' people. I hate 'em.
R.I.P. Bud
RIP HARRY.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton \n\nProper legend
R.I.P. Harry Dean Stanton.
R.I.P. Harry Dean Stanton...
RIP HDS
RIP  Harry Dean Stanton
RIP Harry.  Your greatest role ever IMHO
RIP HDS
RIP BUD!
RIP Harry Dean Stanton
RIP HDS
RIP, Harry Dean.
Saint Harry
RIP Harry Dean Stanton.
love this film, every teen should see it
1:34 Hey. Look at that. Look at those assholes over there. Ordinary fuckin' people. I hate'm.
Suddenly, Auto gets interested when his mentor mentions the consumption of speed as one of the perks to his new job!
Harry Dean Rulz
Have a nice day\nNight\nNight, day, it doesn't mean shit to me
Come on dickhead!
this film is incredible!  it's a monster mix of laughs and humor
Otto.. he seems to rise above his friends, who are going in the other direction, committing acts of armed robbery.. Repoman, has a code.
Now humans do not have to snort the powder, they only need prescriptions from the medical industries.
I could go for a couple cans of drink right about now.
Harry is such a machine.  Repo Man is a cult classic and that is great dialouge but his delivery makes it even better.
1:35 Ordinary People.....
Speed huh??
Ordinary fuckin' people - I hate 'em.
'movieclips' just for when you thought life had ripped you off enough
Tense situations, kid....
The subtitles on your clips are extremely annoying.
this movie is about farting in a market
THats asimov
the hot glue is melting the polystyrene\n\n**proceeds to use hot glue to stick wool to the polystyrene**
hey PJ....my perfect clone has better grades that me....
The star fades in the beginning killed me, pure gold Pj xx
Pj is currently my favourite youtuber. He is so creative!
PJ: It's gonna get weird.\nTiny Planet Explorers: Yep. Wouldn't have it any other way!
The clone of pj has hair that  kinda looks like noodles!
I'll never get over PJ wearing glasses <33
It looks like girls at my school
I think we're watching a psychopath
Crafting in the club 😤
E X I S T E N C E I S M E A N I N G L E S S W E A R E A L L F A L L I N G D O W N A L O N G S P I R A L S T A I R C A S E O F D O O M
THERE. THAT INTERLUDE SONG. WHAT IS IT I NEED TO KNOW FOR SCIENCE.
What is the name of the track that plays in his video?
Kind of disturbed....but you know, he's a professional. So I'm sure it's cool beans.
EVERYONE IS FREAKING OUT ABOUT HOW WEIRD THIS IS BUT THEYRE FORGETTING.\nTHIS IS PJ\nWHAT THE FUCK ELSE DID YOU EXPECT
Until he said the clone looked kind of like Harry Styles, I'd never realized that _he_ actually kind of looks like Harry Styles oml
Ummm Harry Styles??? Okaaaaay. Are you looking at the same Harry Styles I am? 😂😜
He looks like whybe from corraline...
I honestly forget he's never worn glasses before?
It's really cool that he got Dan Howell to write his outro
he looks so good in these glasses i'm gay
0:23 have you lost your mind boooiii  😂
I definitely want to make a making the perfect clone video now too
He mentioned Harry Styles, and suddenly he looked exactly like Harry Styles
I thought it looked like Harry styles too 😅
i know what you're thinking. the pj clone is missing some hair.\n\nyup, spot on.
An antisepticeye collab is what I need in my life
did the people who disliked this think pj was actually doing a tutorial on how to clone yourself or???
You are a strange one. Though I'm sure you already know.
Peej u have glasses now.... PUT THE GLASSES ON THE CLONE!
It's on trendiiiiiinnnnnngggg
What the actual fuck. - which is pretty much every intro to your videos. 😂
Don't have the intenion of following the plans arranged in just 15 Minutes but instead using the time to create a clone. I like that idea
The hair is the best part
I knew this was going to be a masterpiece when i saw that first star transition
This had the same effect on Peej's fandom as The Memeing of Life did on Dan's and it's so hilarious to watch.
The hair lowkey looks like Harry Styles' hair😂😂
Somebody asked me who my favourite youtuber is and I said KickThePJ, I showed them this video and I think they think I'm a weirdo. So... thanks PJ
It.....uhm....HE seems the boy of Coraline, isn't it?
Sophie walks in,\nPJ what the- ***remembers its PJ***\nNever mind, PJ
I'm shook I'm watching this in bed and it's picture day
Please stop with the star Transition
What are the chances that PJ is a clone, too, and the real PJ made him so he can film a perfect clone video
Love this type of your videos
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what nightmares are made of.
Those glasses I need some like them !!
Can anyone tell me the name of the background music / song used at 0:41?? I've been trying to find it for ages.
Where's Wheezy Waiter and his cloning machine when you need him amiright
the hair is the best part
Why does he look like harry styles?
“looks a liitle bit like Harry Styles”
Can you make another Crafting with my son? You + Brad is incredible comedy
It's not the perfect clone because you forgot your glasses... But I guess it'll do haha
sometimes his videos get 10x times weirder or stranger... 😂♥️
Pj I have bad news....I think your clone is a bit....defective...
*Oh eyo! Wel-welcome tew Planuf Flesh. We got what you need here. We got planufs from out of this world and in this world. Come on by and grab urself your own diy clone kit diy kit. You have to MAKE the kit before you can TAKE the kit. Eyoooooo.* Planuf Flesh, no we're not a smex shup.
EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS IS HILARIOUS
frick yes this is brilliant
I fucking love all of these star wipes😂😂
is this a jacksepticeye clone or smthin
Best quote of the video: Set your face aside to dry
Hello; and welcome to planet flesh....oh wait that sounds like a sex shop.. hahahaha love you peeeej
Can someone tell me the name of the song he played at the start - thanks
I mean, the clone ain't wrong
This is james potter with lily potter's eyes.
Hello and welcome to planet flesh....sounds like a sex show. 😂
Thanks now I can't go to sleep lol
um peej is this where the patreon moneys went?
No he lost his mind a looong time ago
woah we have the same glasses. we're meant to be
Your clone looks like a girl
When I saw the thumbnail all I thought was: PJ has a twin?!
What the hell did i just watch? 😂
Later that day, Pj gets a copy right strike from Planet Skin.
He has he painting that Dan had in his room what
I can't tell the difference \n\n\nAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Are you like me and don't want to get out if the bed in the morning.....\n\n\n\n\n\nI have never related to anything so much in my life.
wow
Those star wipes tho 👌💯💯
Pi Yei me trago todita tu reata me encantas te amo pinche putito
Truly brilliant content peej
Orphan Black looks great
looks like jacks eyes
This is fucking terrifying
More Caft w son
Hot for food?
I- huh. welp.
ARE YOU RYAN ROSS??? oops wrong fandom...
*always craft, never cry*
fuck my cumhole, pj
It looks like Wybie Lovat from Coraline xD
welcome to planet flesh
*screams* PJ x CLONE
Omg the wirrow painting in the background😍
music??
6:05 pj for fucks sakE
Madame Tussauds eat your heart out...
Love this
(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° )\n    (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )° )\n     (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n    ( (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n   (   (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n  (   ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )(   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )\n (   ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
#PJ'SCLONETAKESOVERTHECHANNEL
Hey girl, can you tell me where you got your earrings?? I am loving them.
i couldnt help but to notice that i thought i saw something on your tooth or is it just me? but i love you <3
Hey girl.. sry writing from my sons YouTube channel.. I think you should get a clip mic.. maybe wireless.. that way we can here you lens autofocus.. that's what I do for his channel anyway.
I'm in that eyebrow stage too when I'm ready to just go get them waxed 🙄
So glad you guys are all safe. But girl bring back the damn vlogs!!!! :)
Glad you guys doing okay. Prayers for florida..
OMG!!! I HOPE YOU GET PREGNANT SOON CUZ YOU IS  GLOWING!!!!!!🤗✨🍂🌙🎃🖤
Omg I feel you, I live in Miami and stayed while hurricane Irma and I ate sooo bad and I broke out like crazy 😑
slaying as always!! love you xx
People keep bringing up about her tooth . She mention a few videos ago she has a diamond on her tooth people !!!!!!!!
chola drag vampire look..
What brush did you use to blend the concealer and set it?
Love it! Talk about ur tooth candy when did u get it? Look so cute
Omg I almost thought this was a Halloween look for a witch ... 😭😭😭no I'm not kidding that's my honest opinion I love how she does her makeup I'm not a hater that was my first thought 🤔🤔
I'm trying to grow my brows out too...it's so hard because they look so bad but we can get through this!
Giiirrrrl! That blush tho, cray cray
I like so much
yasss bitchhh
Omg I love you Nicole,  I can't wait for halloween video!!!
That face texture is real. Idk why people be posting flawless pics of these looks on IG but do you guys see how bad looks in the video? I mean it's not cute.
All the comments complaining on how she does her make-up... Come on? She is different than you and me. If she likes a more heavier blush SHE CAN, if she wants a lighter under eye, SHE CAN. That's the beauty of make-up, everyone can do what they like!  She did mention her foundation was too dark and went it with to give us an awesome vampy make-up tutorial anyway. She is herself, she doesn't change her ways to satisfy the opinion of others. \n\nCan't wait for Halloween tutorials 🤗🤗👻🕷🕸🎃
I live in Lee County Florida and we got a direct hit from Irma. We lost power for 5 days.
I agree on the nude lip..  It's like, and here's what I look  like if I don't put lipstick on.
It's not lipstick on her teeth it's a diamond 😂😂😂😂
Absolutely loving those nails! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
This reminded me of Kate Walsh. Idk why. Really pretty
You're a FOX, right from the box...the makeup is miraculous...ya wake up before 8 every day, I'll bet!
Awesome video! Do you have lipstick on your teeth at the end? :)
the blush ruined the whole look but I love the eyes and lips
Did she start stretching her ears? Because if she did thats bomb af.
I love you more than life but this background drove me crazy because it was so close to your skin color 😭
I missed your makeup videos soooo much
😍😍😍😍
Dumb question but why did you have to hunt for water? Isn't there a tap in your house
Yay hope to see you at GEN beauty. I'm a mother of 4 and a recovering opiate addict I am celebrating my 4 years clean Sunday. I'm so happy I get to go to GEN beauty cause I never get to splurge on makeup.
OMG I hope I can make my dream come true of meeting you this weekend at GEN Beauty!!!! I will be the 1st one on that line!! Love you!!!!
I'm not a vlog person so I'm glad you're back with your good ol' makeup tutorials! AND I LIVE FOR YOUR HALLOWEEN TUTORIALS I'M SO EXCITED.
Glad you guys are good!! I love about and 1hr 49 minutes north of you we lost power thatsunday night @9 and currently are still without it.
You got super lucky. I live here too. It wasn't that it was a cat 2. It's because when it hit Naples Irma decided to head towards Orlando instead of Tampa. If it didn't turn we would really be hurting. I feel very lucky too.
Girl I grew my brows out from the end of March to the end of August lmao YOU CAN DO IT
Since you love music you should check out my bros band IN REAL LIFE ! They just released their music video for EYES CLOSED in Times Square
can u please, do a unicorn halloween theme. PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The blush is too much for me and emphasises the texture and the eyebrows are way too dark. The overall look is giving me Maleficent vibes for some reason.
I feel like people talk alot about them hoping the hurricame didnt hit them but then it did but not too bad. Like come on..when you are hoping it didnt come your way..it was moving through some.other area and destroyed people's lives. India and parts of africa was under water...waist high but yall out here wishing it didnt hit yall but not caring who it did hit. Smh.
I love u and u always look bomb but mama - those earrings... no boo boo- just no haha
Here's a little tip - if you want to test different makeup brands but don't have the money to purchase all the products then ==gaip.club== is giving away complimentary sample bundles. I got mine 3 weeks ago with no hassle.
When you lost power for 5 days and you couldn't see Nicole's new video and just remembered you missed it! This made my day lol
You're looking good girl 💁🏻so excited for the Halloween videos 🙌🏻
I love it Can't wait for Halloween I'm so excited to see what you have for us
You look genuinely happy and you are just glowing!
Happy that y'all are safe!! Love love love your dark hair and this eye look!!
Lol you got a little lipstick on your tooth momma 😘 beautiful look regardless
Love it!
The eyebrows 😐
Giving me Nicole 2013 viiibesssss!!!
I like your brows girl!!!!
Can't wait for your halloween Tutorials 😍
This looks like the one you did years ago. I still love that video
Yes girl you need to keep those brows under control lol...
Loved this!!  Does anyone know what brush she used for her under-eye concealer?  I can't tell but I WANT IT.  Thanks in advance!
are we not gonna talk about your bedazzled teeth?? I love it😂😂😂
I love love SAVAGE!! You look stunning like always!
Honestly, I forgot about you when this notification popped up. Be more present, girl!
Ahhh so beautiful as always so glad you're safe
Soooo Sooooo Happy that you and your family are Good.
I live near Nicole and I lost power for 3 days and didn't get wifi and cable for 6 days but thank god everyone in our area are okay 😌
Love the eyes but the blush threw off this look way off 😬❤️
Tell us the story about this diamond tooth!!!!
are those halloween nails, or do they always look like that?
I'm so glad you're all safe! I was so worried and glad to have your videos back!😭💜
Also from Florida and can relate to the emotions you have after this storm. We were out of power for almost 5 days. Glad you are safe! 💜
Is water not drinkable out of a tap in America orrrr? 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Smoked by a hurricane? ...just the worst way to put devastation I've ever heard is all.
Beautiful
love it
I swear, my loyalty to Nicole will never change.
Your nose looks huge when you highlight it like you do. It doesn't look natural..
This look just makes your brown eyes pop😍 Love this look babe! You should give the Too Faced loose powder a try, I actually like it better than my Laura mercier now ..
You are sweet and very talented, but I will not get close to Benefit as the brand is promoting that other person...
I was looking through the comments in the beginning saying too much blush and was thinking dang sis couldn't have made it that bad but when I got to that part.... it's bad :(
Girl that stone on your thooth tho... Sooo weird. Hope that trend never comes back.
Thumbnail looks photoshopped...dislike
Glad y'all are safe 🙏💞
Missed watching your videos! Literally what I look forward too every time I see your gna post a video ♥️♥️♥️ we love you!!!
Love this look! Glad you're safe from storm.
Happy to hear that you guys are safe! It's crazy how badly it affected some people! Donations are definitely a good idea. Also, miss your vlogs so much!!!!
People's nails.
Love it girl👍🏼
Nicole could make a video of her farting and it would get over 300,000 views! Lol 🙌🏼 love you Nicole
Jesus, its a face not coloring book.
I miss this kind of videos from you honey!! Keep them coming 🙌🏼🙏🏼
i will never get tired of you you one of the OGsss 143 xoxo mari <3 add me on sc!! vibesswmaarii
u got alittle of lip stick on your teeth....I love u....
WAMPSN get $10 when u sign up on mercari using this code plus 10% ur first purchase : ) u could get free makeup.
Wow great look!
Why is this trending ??
Glad you are ok but prayers continued for those impacted. Love the video.
Are you putting anything on your brows to grow them out?  I want  to grow mine out but naturally they'll take forever 😭 love you girl
Wow, I really hate all make-up!
Am I the only one who HATES the Shape Tape concealer? 😩
She's a bloody national treasure....
Judy Dench - not sure if that's her real name or her rap name
We need more people like her in the world of today.
She still looks beautiful at 82 . God bless her . Can I marry her ? 😂😂 lol bless her she's gorgeous
Better than all  these mumble rappers tbh😋
Victoria and Abdul looking a bit different.
Hahaha how did this even come about?
you guys arranged for judy dench to sing POW? .....instant subscribe
Can't stop smiling.  She seems to really be enjoying herself. A true artist respects and recognizes other artists regardless of age or culture.  Wonderful!
She's so cool.
Stay dench \nOr you're going to get Frimponged\nSoft on the ladies hard on the men
She's better than KSI
Fuck Damehood someone make this woman the queen
I have the utmost respect for this lady. She is lovely.\nOutstanding actress, beautiful inside out.\nMuch love and respect to you, Dame Judi Dench! 💕
We don't deserve this woman 😩😍
Utterly gorgeous!
Best thing ever
Amazing!
So amazing, I love her spirit, thank you Bizzel
Brilliant. Put a smile on my dial and a chuckle in my belly! Love Judi. Legend!
She's so cool with it
Judi rocking that cap!!
They should do a porno together.
♥️🤣😂🤣♥️ j to the d.
Judi Dench for ever young. Love that lady. Not intimidated at all by the term generation gap. All inclusivelady who appreciates any genre of music and not afraid to have a go when invited. A genuine soul who would never age. A woman of all seasons.
We must protect Dame Dench at all costs!!
Love her so much!!!!\nHer reactions kill me what a good sport.
Never thought I'd see this in my life. Legend
This is the best thing ever
That cap actually looked alright on Da Dame
I'm 38 I don't care she is stunning for her age. What a great lady. She is a Gangsta man
So much love for Judi!!! That woman is a LEGEND!!!
knighted actor but cant remember a single line
How unbelievably COOL is this woman???
oh bless her XD haha i really like judi dench . she has had a wide range of projects .
Lethal bizzle is straight up the nicest guy
This is actually a great marketing ploy on Bizzle's part. Respect
Hey guys this is by far the funniest vid ive sat through, please check out my latest video!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3PpbzoySOY\nREPLY
They 100% banged after this
Best thing I've seen in a while. She's a don.
I see a 2018 top contender FITB in the works. 🔥
She's amazing but lethal bizzle is shit
he should have taught her somthing which everyone knows, like his other song, Real Slim Shady.
She slays this. There couldn't be anymore love for Judi Dench.
She's just a living legend
Wait till james bond see this
Smiled all the way through! 🤣
respect to Queen Victoria herself. long may she reign
This is the dogs bollocks .. love it!!
This has totally made my day!
Love this woman. LOVE THIS WOMAN. BEAUTIFUL.
Ju to the di aka jizzle POW
Dame Judy is a legend!! Loving that we have 2 Queen Victoria / grime connections this week. First this, then this!! Bus scene is hilarious. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Uy_RMMIdfE4
Magnificent Judi.💕 👏 😂👍.Thanks very much for Uploading this.💗
She the real deal just like dizzle
M, what on earth are you doing??
How do I get one of those hats!
Can we have a video of Judy Dench shottin peng in Crixston???Maybe get her holding bare skengs on road yeah!Then at the end she draws a zoot with 67 and claps a nine at tinnie tempah.Do This and I'll sub,However bravo for the quality shit post
whats a batty?
NAILED IT!!!
How bloody irritating
Fucking brilliant
The cringe
This is legendary
She's soooo cute.
Hahaha! Totally DENCH!
Respect the Queen 👑
Victoria and toure
POW\n D to the Drizzle lmfao
dench !!!
Dame Judi rapping bruh
Brilliant 💎
This is basically AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!! <3
I love Judi 🤣🤣😘😘
Judi DEENNNCCHHHH!
Just love her <3
Gwan Judi
Wow & POW!!!
Leaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaave it
Oh yay.
Imagine Judy Dench twerking lol!
Go on Judi
Absolutely love this! 😂😂😂💖
Loving this
Lethal who?
That ending tho 😂
Love her 👑
More like Dayum Judi Dench, am I right?
When's the new 'Stay Dench' range coming?
Lol.
She is so cool.
Cringe
Batty? Isn't that homophobic, I should write for tabloids, this just in Judi Dench is a Dench homophobe
Haha. Stupid music, but fair play to her
Loved her in eastenders playing Peggy Mitchell. Legend
no please
Fuck Judie Dench the chav bitch
Disgusting UK chav low class peasent culture mixed with a proper British legend?  This is absolutely disgusting...
lol thats not rapping you mean cancer
I hate this kind of music.
¿De dónde ves #LaFormula?
Who is here before it becomes worlds best
Ozuna El Mejor
asd
FUERTE
Uy si nomas entro daddy y la rompio ....ozuna el mejor dela ghetto el peor todo quieren asu gusto los tres rifan
Porquería de música.
Que tema parce!
@CoreanoLocoTv
Vean lo hot https://youtu.be/T9Q0rcMqhHE
Y esta imitacion barata de Randy
#LAFORMULALAMEJORCANCION!!!!
100 veces mejor el el kipipi kukuku ese jajajja
<3
Perrona la rola y que ladren perros de envidia
#prayforMéxico
La rompio omg:v
Republica Dominicana
Me decepcionó esperaba algo distinto 😧
Espere la cancion por 2Meses este Tema increiblw
Vamos ozuna😰😰
Daddy yankee 😍
AGGG YA MUERAN
Kuuuaakkk ccccc
Estas super chido
Dimelo de la geezy uuuuuh? :v
Esta muy buena
#LaFormula  para muchos que rompieron conmigo
Buen tema bendiciones jeje \nla formula👌💯
De La Ghetto CANTA MUYYY BIEN
duroooooo
#laformula tututu 😎!
Ay! Regueton viejito volviste ;)
son unos crac ustedes tres😎😎
▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄                                                            \n                          ▀█▄▀▄▀██████▀█▄▀▄▀████▀                                     \n                               ▀█▄█▄███▀        ▀██▄█▄█▀
Subscribanse a mi canal
no me gusto esta canción eran mejores los de la formula de antes\nArcangel , daddy yankee, zion &lenon son los verdaderos 💪💪💪💪
La ptmr... Estoy viendo un vídeo super tranquilo y relajado, entonces suena esta mierda como anuncio de la nada. Me vale verga, lo que comenten ustedes fans de esta vaina, el mensaje es para estas corporaciones pendejas que creen que a todos les gusta tener mierda en el oído.
BOLIVIA - SANTA CRUZ \nDADDY UNA CON BAD BUNNY ... LA VAN A PARTIR ..... SE DESCONTROLA EL SISTEMA ...
durante meses este tema Pero full LIKes para #OZUNA, #DADDY  Y # D. LA GHETTO. SALUDOS DESDE PERU
Cómo sobre sale daddy yankee sin el no era nada este tema
Temazo y videazo ^^ saludos desde Chile ;D fuerzaaaa mexico
Terrible tema,está sonando por todos lados acá en Argentina ! La rompieron Dela,DY,Ozu y el mejor productor Chris jeday
muchas peleas loco agradescan que el reggueton esta volviendo y el trap a la mierda el bigg boss - duo de la historia - de la ghetto - j balvin - ozuna agradescan q estan cuando se retiren quedaran sus canciones nomas
No es que tengo envidia pero, como antes tiene un mejor video, pero lo único bueno de esta canción es que se repite mucho, y el verso de yankee, aparte de eso, wisin y yandel le metieron mejores versos
Peazo e mierdas que hay en tendencias :v
*0:36**** se parecen a los pasos de baile del negro que baila como cj :v*
Nunca avia visto tanta mierda junta despues mi mamá cantando estas cansiones que dan cancer
son mas las putas visitas que los subscriptores😂😣😯 no se ni que pensar😂😮😍😛😳
0:19 cuando dice que es su mano pero en realidad es otra cosa 👆👆👌
Si les das like a este comentario eres fan de ozuna y daddy yankee
Este tema fue mi regalo de cumpleaños!!Se estreno el mismo dia!!El mejor regalo, despues de tanto esperarlo y que salga el dia de mi cumpleaños la verdad muy contento...
La mejor canción que sacaron
las formulas ya no son solo en el cole weey
Papus <3 Lindo tema, la rompe... Y los efectos uf!! Felicidades al que producio el video
Daddy dímelo papi siempre el que resalta es el único que no repite lo mismo varias veces
PORNO GRATIS EN ESTA PÁGINA:\n\n\nMás información
daddy yankee siempre va ser el mejor de todos los reguetoneros no va a existir nadie que lo supere
exelente el funcionamiento de motor wankel  pues ojala yege atodo el mundo principal mente a mis manos como mecanico quiciera conprar uno anque sea viejito para  conocerlo y poderlo aser funcionar
U.u q pasa con las visitas
Ozuna  el  mejor te amo mucho ozuna
Supongamos  que este comentario llegara a 50 like\n           ( ͡•  ͜> ͡• ) \n            \╭ 👍\╭👍\nPero dije  supongamos! por que no llego ni  a los 3😂\n            ( •͡ < •͡    )\n     ✋╮\ ͡  ✋╮\
Menos mal y no esta bunny en este temazoo
Chris Jeday debería salir en los vídeos porque por esta canción y la de ahora dice gracias a esas canciones ya lo quieren y lo conocen Chris Jeday o quien le puede enseñar este comentario si ves esto yo te convieno salir en muchos vídeos y si ya lo tienes planeado pues que bien.
Esperando a full la parte de daddy yankee ... la roompe👌👌
el mejor de todo los tiempo con las dos vos mas clásica
que temazo de hace rato lo esperaba.... 🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶 dime por que tanto demoras...🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
Mi sueño es cantar al lado de usteded 🎤 saludos desde argentina 🙋
El unico que si pega es daddy
Tanta mierda junta, es un espectáculo impresionante
el yankee y no hay mas..
Tengo el presentimiento que habrá un álbum llamado !La superformula/ xd
El baile de de la ghetto va si o si para el coreanolocoTV
Yo romi  Estaaa  argentina De  La  GHETTO  22-09--2017 Esta 24-09 Esta  ARGENTINA   DE lA  GHETTO   besosss
Daddy yankee aparece y es tendencia :v
Like Si Ya Esperas El Remix Con Arcangel, Zion Y Lenox Para Recordar A La Formula!!!!! 👌👌👌
SE HIZO ESPERAR .. PERO QUE BUEN TEMA !!! DE LA VIEJA ESCUELA
El rey de la nueva y la vieja escuela juntos like por ozuna y daddy
Ft :daddy yankey ,ozuna,bad bonny,Nacho,luis jara,Don Omar,Tu mama,miguel piñera,snoop dog,Michael jackson ,Gustavo Cerati,Claudio Narea.....\n¿Se me entiende lo que quiero decir ?
ozuna no puede nombrar la S al final de una palabra o que onda ?
lejos el mejor daddy yankee 🇦🇷✌
los mejores esta re duro el tema
Me encanta el tú tú tú de la ghetto
Like si estas leyendo los comentarios mientras escuchas la música
esto si es reggeton del bueno!
otraves la cara de un extraterreste en la pare la parte q cuando sale daddy yankke ygua en despasito sale tambienXD
En el minuto 2:16 Daddy repite la tonada de otro tema de él. No recuerdo cuál.\n\n¡Ayudaaaaaa!
Llegando los mejores del reggaeton !!! 👊
La Fórmula si que esta buena
Vengo del futuro y esta canción es la del final de los tiempos
si esta daddy yankee todo suena ;)
Like si este tema llegara lejos
Esta canción esta demasiado buena que haiga mas temas buenos como estos ??
00:34 mejor ese debería ser el coro\n😪
like si tenias tanto tiempo esperando este temazo den donde se reporta mis capos desde mexico:❗❗♥
Quien iba a decir que la canción ya la escuchamos todo en el preview!
ECUADOR ESTA PrESENTE DADDY YANKEE EL MEJOR
Nunca había visto tanta mierda junta
yo tengo la formula para acabar con la plaga de requetoneros
Esta canción al lado de  cómo antes es una mariconada..pero bueno hay que apoyar al reggaeton old School ..W&Y son los que tienen la fórmula
THESE BAD BITCHES DESERVE MORE VIEWS C'MON!!!
THE END OMFG IT'S THEIR SUPERFRUIT VIDEO SPOT
Mitch looks so fucking good with that mustache
THIS IS MY FAVORITE SONG AND MUSIC VIDEO EVER
QUEEEEEEENS!!!! xoxo
Mario!!! 0:18
Yes yes yes yes yes yes
YASSSSS SUPERFRUIT NEVER DISAPPOINTS!  😩😍😆🙌🏻👍🏼🔥
Mitch please ............please get rid of that moustache please it doesn't suit you please I'm trying to be nice and this is my own opinion
A behind-the-scenes vid for this would be hilarious
Omg Mitch and that mustache is 😍😍
THEIR HOUSE IS HUGE DAMN
Is Scott wearing the same jacket Jimin wears in DNA?
YOU CAN'T WATCH THIS AND NOT BE HAPPY
Well today I'm kinda feeling like shit like always
I WANT TO HEAR THIS ON THE RADIO
WHEN THEY CHANGED THE THUMBNAIL
@superfruit Loving the Hall and Oats vibe!
i recognize that jacket (DNA blairs in the background)
Kirstie's music is derivative and the lyrics are uninteresting and boring, way overproduced.  Your stuff is more interesting, but it all sounds the same, and it's all pop. It lacks lyrical complexity or soul. Avi's music is cute, but we don't need warmed over 60's Donovan, and KO's music is much more interesting, but it sounds all the same.  BRING BACK PTX SOON, PLEASE!
oh. my. goodness. SCOTT and JIMIN from BTS HAVE THE SAME JACKET!!!!
He is wearing jimin's jacket from DNA!!!!
Okay LOVE THE SONG but IS THAT THE JACKET FROM DNA??
dude on roller skates with the beard at the end is unrealistically hot.... Call me.
I never comment on anything but this literally left me speechless. Absolutely amazing!!
Look at these rock stars.  Proud of these guys.
I love how it's such a happy song while the lyrics are kinda sad
song of the week!! OMG can't get enough!
2:38 - 2:40 YALL AINT SLICK I SAW THAT HAND BRUSHING THAT WAS CUTE AS FUCK\n\nTHESE BOPS YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN PRODUCING ARE S LA YING MY ENTIRE EXISTENCE
OMG!! This is my favourite from now!! <3 I Looooved It!!!
Hey Mitch has the same jacket that Jimin does in the DNA MV
This is one of my favorite songs!! I love y'all voices together!!
So Inspiring. When you know you found your male role models. KING MITCH and KING SCOTT!
Yup. Thumbnail was literally perfect. It was me. So me.
It's perfect!!! Love it
WHY DOES THIS SOUND LIKE SHANE AND DREW'S SONG? HAHAHAH
Who else spotted the jacket Scott is wearing in another recently uploaded video ;) ?? ❤
One of the best one shot video I've ever seen!!! Well done guys!!! #muchlove from Germany!!!! :)
Is it just me or does little sound at 0:08 sound kinda like a Grindr notification?
I've had this in my head alllll day!!!!!!!!
I'm dying lol I just noticed Scott hits his head on the wall at 1:35 and tries to play it off. me af
I am in LOVE with this song! Seriously, so good. And Mitch is rockin' this look. Honestly, they both look freaking great! I'm here for it.
wait is that same coat Jimin had????????? \nman people have good taste and money
3:36!!!Who else know what that mean??
Mitch be looking like Vinny from Atlantis
Why i didn't get a notification for this !!! 😍😱
3:05 I legit thought he was Avi.😭
SCott please stop running your fingers through your hair thank you very much
i love this song and everything they do but i absolutely hate Mitch's Mustache
WHERE'S THE ARMY? \nYO I SWEAR TO GOD ISNT THAT THE JACKET THAT JIMIN WEARS IN THE NEW BTS DNA VIDEO ON SCOTT???
Scott and Jimin are wearing the same jacket for their music videos videos😂💕💕
Nooo you should not be wearing a Gucci coat like that scott
listen to it speed 1.25 sounds good but bad at the same time XD
OMG Scott's jacket is the same one jimin wears in DNA 😱❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm not getting over Mitch's 'stache bt it's ok, the song+video was awesome :D
didn`t necessarily like their music up till now but fck thats a bop
There best song on the album
ICONIC (also kenny from big brother canada was in it and i was LIVING FOR IT)
I thoroughly appreciate and understand these lyrics all too well...love it. Got me feeling...
bitch im madonna is holding onto her wig for her dear life ohmygod such a bop changed a nation
Mitchie is rocking that... Um... Tony Stark look. yeah, that's what it's call
This song and video are bangin'
That last background photo though.
Nice song i love u ❤❤❤
I'm in love
I swear I thought that was Lilly and Liza kissing in the thumbnail
O B S E S S E D
How are you feeling?\nMe: FUCKED UP AND LIT
the aesthetic t h o
I can't get how you feeling and Guy.exe out of my head
i didn't realize it was their house until the end
This is the way to make a proper house tour
QUEENS
This video honestly looks fun af
Let's promote LGBT+
Mitch has evolved into Freddie Mercury
OH MY FUCKING GOD SCOTT JIMINS JACKET IM DEAD
Love this!!
umm any armys out there seeing scott and jimin sharing jackets?? 😂😂
Greetings from Poland ❤️
VERY HUUUUGGEEE DADADANNNY DICK IN THE PANTSSS
Spotted the furry
Careless Creatures fanfic anyone?
Please react to Pabllo vitar! Nega, K.O.
Invite me to your parties pls 😂
2:21 Photobooth challenge again?
Both icons as always.
that was amazingggg im screaming
1:36 Scott head down!!! Oops...
My QUEENS!  💙💙💙
Perfect guys!!!😘
2:37 my heart
incredible
Yessss vishis\n😂😂😂
That was one take?? I was thinking all the way thro, the amount of times they must've re-shot that to get the chill vibe they were going for - but no, one take! Flawless 😝
This is my least favorite from the whole album 😕 LOVE the video tho!❤️ Wish they kept SWEET LIFE on the album.
Hey my best friend is Ah great fan of your music. She has the same hairstyle as mitch. She crying because she doesn't can come to a concert. In a month is her birthday. Can you send a autograph? She really look forward to it. Best wishes from Germany 🇩🇪
Any chance you'll be going on Tour any time soon? :)
Look at the head banging girl at 0:54 in it seem likes Kirsten
1:34 Scott bumped his head.. lol ouch
Am I the only one who likes to wait till the end of the series and binge watch? I can't just watch one of her videos!
Just found this channel because of this series! Love your make up videos!
Hey I'm new to your channel but after watching a nude lip video and your 15 days series, I'm officially a subscriber!!! So excited to be part of the family and to half a fair-skinned buddy! ❤
So which one of the 15 was ur favorite foundation?! Lol
Heyyy
Heey
Your voice is so calm and monotone, in a good way, I love your vibe 💕
You should try Missha's Perfect Cover BB Cream SPF 42 PA+++. You can find it at Target, Amazon, or other online stores that sell Kbeauty items.
What about full face in Mary Kay makeup.
The burts bees BB cream! Please!! I have a love hate relationship with it particularly because I'm still trying to figure out the best way to wear it.
Thank you for all your hard work!  Enjoy your trip!
I binged these videos in 2 days... glad I waited till after you were done
Omg so glad I found your channel!
I love Burts Bees lip balm in the winter months for chapped lips, and I've been using their cotton extract face wash for a few months and love it, so I had high hopes for this one. As soon as you said it had a bad smell, that was it for me. 👎🏼 Thanks for the review, Taylor! ❤️ #baerittofam #snapchatfam
ok
I have a Burt's bees bb cream & its stinky at first from Noni fruit.
I saved this one to watch  til now because it was the last one lol so sad it's over 😣
Thank you so much Taylor for your research! All your vids are short, simple and informative. Hope you are having an awesome time in London! Be safe!
You are always beautiful!!  This foundation looked like it yellowed there at the end, as well as was very thick. Took a while to oxidize! Thanks for the great information on all your videos!!  @~}~~~~
I really wish you would do an all time top favorite foundation video!  I have pretty much the same skin for and I want to find my holy grail foundations! Love this series it helps me a ton!
I don't think you have a video on 💄kokie skin perfect hd $12.98💄can you please try it 😘
Can you do a video of your all time favorite primers and the foundation that pair really well with them? I used urban decay primer with makeup forever foundation and it came out super patchy and it looked horrible :(
This time went by too quickly! For some reason I thought this was day 14 and was so confused when day 15 never came 😂
I found your channel through this series! hey!
I feel bad when you get a foundation you don’t like. I always feel crusty and weird when I try a foundation that doesn’t work for my skin lol. Love your reviews btw❣️
I think you can try the bareminerals remedy powder foundation or tom ford powder foundation
Love ur videos! \nWas wondering if u could do a video of ur fav top 5 or 10 foundations overall, of everyone u have tryed. Also I was wondering if u had any recommendations on a YouTube channel that is like urs only for more acne/dry skin?
My I give a suggestion, next time you do 15 days of foundation, don't do such a long intro. I want to see you put the foundation on sooner!!! Love you!!!
05:10
I stumbled upon your channel last week and since then I've been binge watching 15 days of foundation. I've already watched through TWO seasons. LOL sooooo good. Also I've purchased THREE foundations already based on the videos. Which is NOT good for my wallet. but I'm super excited to get these foundations and try them!!
Thanks for the video!!! I love your reviews!!!
Super glad I found you! Your energy matches my own and tho I don't have ache I do have what is called milia so it makes my skin super textured and it's left me pretty self conscious but your videos kinda taught me that yeah, I can work with it tho it helps alot <3 love and good vibes to you!
I feel like I cannot buy a foundation without watching Taylor review it first. I haven't found many other youtubers with pale/problem skin just like me.
One of my biggest problems with oily skin is transfer... do you think you could show how each foundation transfers? Even if it's showing your phone after putting it up to your face lol thanks!
Hey Taylor! Long time baerrito here yet it's my first time actually commenting and requesting for a review haha 😂\n\nMay you please review the new It Cosmetics lineup of products in like a foundation friday or a first impressions video 😊\nEspecially the full coverage+skincare from the Bye Bye Redness and Bye Bye Breakout lines\nSeems like they'll be good for sensitive and pimple prone skin 👌🏻\n\nThank you so much and thank you for all the hard work you put in your videos! Really enjoyed this season of 15 days of foundation 💕\nSending love from the Philippines 😍🇵🇭
Thank you for all your hard work. Have a great trip!!
Loved the series. Keep up the good work
Omg i just saw this at the store and almost bought but it is expensive for a drug store foundation, $15.99 here at my local Walmart. So glad u are reviewing this!!!
Taylor, I've noticed that when you do your swatches you pause for a couple extra seconds at the end-- and I LOVE THAT!! Thank you for doing that!! It gives me that extra second to look and compare! 👍🏻 I love FDOF but holy shitzees, I can't wait for a shadow and shmooze!! 🌯💙 #baerittos #snapchatfam
You look ill with all the make-up
Please try marcelle makeup! There's not many reviews on it and I really love the brand for the most part!
By far my favorite YouTuber 👌🏻❤️
Please do a review on... \nCLINIQUE Even Better™ Glow Light Reflecting Makeup Broad Spectrum SPF 15
Found you through the series and definitely gonna stick around ! :) :)
what are you 5 top/favorite foundations? Thank you
Where's the wrap up video? I need to know what I need to go buy!!
I watch so much Taylor that when I got a sample of the FAB intense hydration cream I was like oh perfect ill put it on the dry patch on my forehead a started to and then realized that I dont have a dry patch on my forehead?????? whoops
So depressed that you won't be making my day better everyday😭😭
This foundation has looked terrible  in many of the reviews I have watched. I will definitely be passing on this one.
So sad it's over!!!
I tried the burts bees bb cream and it was awful. It made my skin look terrible and it had a heavy floral scent, I think all burts bees products have some sort of scent to them which is kind of annoying.
Whoah, nice, this video is trending!  I'm so happy your channel is really taking off!  Yaaaay!  Also, thank you for another super awesome !5 days of foundation.  Looked forward to every single video and loved them all.  Thank you, thataylaa!
Have you tried the Dior Forever Perfect Makeup Fluid Floundation?
GIRL YOU MADE IT TO TRENDING!!!!! CONGRATULATIONSSSS! Btw love 15DOF!!!
I have never bought a Burts Bees product. Ty
The best one IMO opinion was the Two Faced comfort matte foundation it looked super smooth and nice, and I'm going to pick it up!!!
I don't want it to be over 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🌯🌯🌯🌯🌯
The Baerritos always seem to be awesome!  Love the positivity!! And welcome all the new Baerritos (Taylor looks like you picked up a lot of new fam along this series)
You should do a full face using makeup from Wish! Or do a review on Makeup brushes from Wish! (Only the products that are Wish Verified, though!)
I got deported from London :/
I'm just so thankful for this series. I have a really hard time finding a good foundation for my skin type and colour since I have really bad texture and I'm extremely pale, so thank you soooo much :)
At the end the foundation makes her face look a completely different color than the rest of her body...
I'm a new burrito! Love your videos!
My first time watching your 15 days of foundation series and I loved it! Cant wait for the next one.
Taylor I'm sure you probably already know this but I wanted to comment just incase any of your subscribers didn't know that Milani now has a very pale shade porcelain . It's too matte for my dry maturing skin but I think so many younger ladies with oily skin would love it. It's full coverage and only $8-$10.
I found you through this series. I love that you're so honest and I have been binging your videos lately!
YOU MADE IT TO THE TRENDING PAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
can you do a video comparing all the stick foundations you have tried?
I am brand new to your channel I am now binge watching
I mixed this foundation with Urban Decay was surprised how well it looked, I wore all day & had no problems, I have dry skin.
She looks like she could be Snow White.
GIRL! way to go! Your on the trending page!! ❤
Dermacol full coverage foundation found mine on Amazon for around $16 really would like your opinion
You're trennnndingggg! #33, POW! You're the best!
Get it girl, you're trending! Your hard work totally deserves it.
I know you probably get a ton of acne questions and/or comments but here is another one.  Do you have any health issues, such as pain, fatigue, digestion problems?  I ask because I have those types of issues and adult acne.  I believe it is all connected to pancreas and gallbladder issues.
Your eye makeup is on point! I love it!!
Nooooooo!!!! It's over😩😩😩
Please do a full face of ZuZu Cosmetics or 100% pure!! <3
Do you like any foundations?! Lol
You look like a female version of Ronnie from Falling in reverse
What foundations do you recommend for really dry skin? I have dry patches on my cheeks😞😞😞
Please do a review of the glossier foundation!
I was on Sephora looking at UFO Sunday Riley Oil because I had gotten a sample and liked it.  The video suggested to mix a bit with your foundation for those with acne. Ever tried U.F.O products?
Do you think you could start including a drugstore foundation or two in the comparison swatches? Just for people who stick to drugstore makeup. Back when you included Maybelline Matte + Poreless in 110 it was useful. Revlon Colorstay in Buff would also be a good comparison that lots of people know. Thanks, loved this round of 15 shades of foundation!
I'm new! Saw you on trending! Will definitely watch the rest of this series
Can't wait for the wrap up video now that 15DOF is over. Not going to lie. I'll probably buy whatever your top 2 are 😂❤❤ #snapchatfam
I can totally hear the sponge pats on your face this time, it's highly amusing XD
Hey! 💕
@thataylaa do a review on matchco pls
Hey
#48 on trending! You go girl!! ❤️
Heyyyy
#45 on trending!!! AHHHHH💓💓
Heyyyyy😁😁
Hey!! New subscriber 😘
Hey
Kys thot
Hey
Try the ulta mineral foundation. I'd love to see yu thoughts!
So thats I start talking in 3rd person randomly when I'm frustrated? Huh. Cool it was like built in.
I always talk to myself in third person haha - I thought I was crazy
I would have been better to see the live recording of his heartbeat...
not sure if i just got rick rolled or not
Woah I need to try talking to myself as a third person whwn I stress
did you guys know about the picture next to the electric guitar it changes all the time
What do they use for the heart rate monitor? I want one for my YouTube videos
I would be inside a building with a roof. So wouldn't float very high.
Link is happy there was only one snake
This is one of my favorite episodes now. 😂😂😂
YOU CAN DO IT SERPENT KING! YOU CAN DO IT SERPENT KING!🐍👑
4:30\nI love the way Rhett said That's me. :DD
Good Mythical Morning has just lost its pizzazz. You guys are putting all of your effort into Good Mythical crew.
talking to yourself in third person?
You guys should do what's in the box
next video we do this with rhett
Hey Lizzie, I watched My Haunted House season 1 episode 1 and I recognized you in the episode...did you play Stacy and have you ever shared this appearance on the show? Love you guys by the way ❤
The spin the wheel of mythicality people sounded didnt sound monotone at all.
Link is the Serpent King, Link can do anything!
First!
can we get there heads closer *heart rate rises*
I'm watching Link in a snake tank, because I'm not Link. Duuuuuuuuude
It sounds like home the movie
Pg
This is Amazing.
You feel so bad for Link, but admit it, we got our schadenfreude fix from watching his suffering. Love you guys!
I talk to myself when I run. It helps me keep going. Lol 😂
because they no longer make videos in Spanish. I watched your videos but only in Spanish. by the way this the traditional with Google translator:
I absolutely love the new intro
Y'all better make a serpent king t-shirt after this
#QTMBA I would fly to Hawaii with my mom or go to Japan with my cousin :T
does it look to anyone else like Rhett is wearing a ton of makeup?
Now, for anyone curious about if the snake could kill him:\nwell, technically, yes, but no.
*T H E    L I N K S T E R*
Good singing  Rhett
Tris the Boa...my name is Tris and Im scared of snakes, ironic right?
i have never heard Link so many times in one episode lol
Thanks. Talking in 3rd person helped me a lot!
There's a difference between talking to yourself in 3rd person and just referring to yourself in 3rd person. Lol....
Did I just get Rick rolled??!??!?!?!?!??!?!
No wonder ice bear from we bare bears is so calm
Link talking in third person sounds like elmo
s e r p e n t \nk i n g
You were missing a variable, talking in first person, that is crucial for an experiment
How'd you guys get Jake Paul and Erika in that tank with link?
What happened to this show?
Link doesn't feel like a word anymore
I loved the new intro
This is entertaining - but Link is supposed to talk TO himself not about himself. Not things like Link is the serpent king. but things like Link, you can do this. Link, this is no big deal. Link, you are the serpent king. - essentially self affirmations. So anyone wanting to do this should not do as Link does - but as I explain here. lol. That said - it was interesting that this still worked .
Did we just get Rhett rolled?\n\nAlso, if they named the boa Tris & it has less than 3 S's (Trisss) that was just a wasted opportunity.
Did someone say Link?
panus....
#qtmba i would grab to something bolted to the floor stay there until gravity is back and well talk to my self.
Today we're gonna stress you out\nPut your head inside a tank\nAnd fill it with stressful stuff\nThat upsets you 😂😂😂\nAmazing
Why can't they keep the heart rate up on the screen !!!!
I love you god  I watch good mythology morning when I Sade I. Watch it .
QTMBE: Do the biggest slut drop ever seen by a human eyeball
Rhett, you shouldn't put q-tips in your ear, you can get really bad ear infections.
The opening line!!  😂😂😂
We almost got rick rolled *phew*
I'm sitting here crying and laughing XD poor Link, this poor poor freaking man. Link IS poor.
I thought the snake was cute personally
Good mythical morning guys !
Hahahaha poor link. :3
why is no one talking about the game title????!!! THEY ARE ALWAYS SO CREATIVE ON THESE TITLES !!!
Check out the new challenge on our channel!
Did anyone else think link sounded just like Dobby
Link doesn't seem like a word anymore
at 11:04 the test constant was altered when he criss crossed his legs
I would not get near the snake
maybe snakes don't scare me much but i was surprised how terrified Link was. Go Get'em Serpent King
I talk to myself and bite my nails
Oh god I can feel Link's anxiety
GMM are getting more inappropriate with every video...
My uncle talks in 3rd person to help with his social anxiety. I always thought it was weird, now I think it could actually help him a lot
Link, those had better be Red Wing boots.
One of the best shows/channels ever. Thank you all.
Is it safe to have a reptile touch your face area like that?\nI like reptiles, but I was always told that they're the most disease ridden of all animals. I'm not sure how true that is though.
I love the way they do the titles they are so clever
Sometimes I think this show is one big prank on Link.
Link is the Serpent King and Link is me
ALL HAIL TO THE SERPENT KING!
Rhett I have the same shirt
oh my gosh.  poor link.  i love that guy and he's always getting picked on.
link was doing it wrong
shameful, literally just talking about science and you still are wrong about something simple. if the world somehow lost gravity you would not just float away, if you jump then yes you would, but if you leap forward then you would keep going forward forever and go through the atmosphere, maybe even into the sun!
Oh my crap should be the next shirt.
Omg
THIS IS THE FUNNIEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN
Rhett's hair looks like coloured string cheese \n😂😂😂
This reminds me of Gollum.
Lol I'm from Clarksville
Holde on
Tape my feet #qtmba
:( no.
#serpentking
...eating...panus..? D:
Darrian thinks Link needs a Psychologist
0:50\nRHETT-ROLLED
YAIKKSSEE. my heart rate is always 119, guys I'm gonna be talking in third person for like 3 years
the set looks awesome but im a little dissappointed with the build. I know this is a model for show only but they could have made some more secure connections around the ship and i dont like how some of the top plate builds just sit and rest. I figured the build would have been solid so that you could pick it up with no pieces falling off and move it around if you needed to...........think i might pass on this and get the lego ghostbusters firehouse instead
No time to fix the mic clipping at all in post, huh?
I would keep all the box art and frame it, but that's just me...
Is Simone not part of the tested team?
As steep as the $800 price tag is.... Ah ha ha ha ha, stop complaining about that. That works out to be about $1100NZD but our retail price is $1500NZD!!! So stop complaining about the price in the US. You guys got it so good!
11 hours so what 60+ man hours which brings it down to 10-15 bucks an hour-ish. Well that's a shit load of value right there for entertainment! Love it - better to beg for forgiveness, than ask for permission oh wifey! I have some neeewws...
ONly $800, for that much you could just buy a 3d printer and print it yourself.\n\nCorrection, at around 10kg you  could buy a 3d printer, print it yourself and still have a couple hundred left over.
Although I hate this particular portmanteau, the set is an instant toygasm!
When I was a kid, I thought the Galaxy Explorer kit was huge. Sheesh.
I don't want one. I want to just build one
At 1:05 Adam mistook the set number for the piece count and at 8:51 he referred to lego bricks as legos. Not trying to be a douche just making an observation.
Please give one of these sets to a fan. I really enjoy legos but its really expensive, especially when living as a student. I havent bren able to build any new sets simply because I can't afford it.
The previous model was about £160. It's the best dolls house and I  only dropped it twice
$1300 In Australia - Just Crazy!
So 12 hours for your team. So for me as a solo builder what should i expect? 12 hours times 8 ppl = 96 work hours?
Adam, you broke my heart when you said Legos :-(
now see I want this... but my wallet doesn't
Imagine if your friends drop it
They really didn't put seats in the cockpit?? The one single location in the ship that unquestionably has the most screentime... and they didn't bother to furnish it, or make it large enough to hold the seated figures properly? For $800. Maybe in another ten years they'll figure that part out; I'll just hold my breath until then.
just think of all the interesting conversations you had!
Guys, the audio mix on this is atrocious. If you're going to do more multi-mic pieces like this then you need to get it properly edited and mixed, the audio is really bad for a channel of your stature.
You can kinda tell that Norm is a straight up AFOL, the others are just cool, Lego! (Besides the Bricknerd guy)
What a piece of junk! - Luke Skywalker\n\nThat is the most beautiful LEGO set I've ever seen. What an awesome team build, how long would a solo build take...
How did you get this early
Nice .  but what piss me off a person like me could NEVER HAVE ANYTHING LIKE THAT. Im a working man ...sometime it make sick only rich people can have stuff like that
Next to the Lego porsche 911, this is one of my favorite sets. It's so detailed
wanted the old one since a child...
How does lego design these as in how would the blocks go to build it
So how long does it take to build if your alone :OOOO
Is it in true scale to the LEGO figures? (haven't seen the video yet)
Oh, my goodness. It was a sudden release. How do they sell like this? When is the next official release date? I've known it is Oct. 1`.
12 hours for 6 people. I can only imagine how long it would take for 1. I feel like im watching a review of a sports car. Wish I had it but no way can I afford it
I was half anticipating them to throw it against the wall once they finished
if you cant play with it i aint gonna buy it, same rule for cosplay. Display pieces are nice but i am not wasting that amount of money for it to sit on a shelf
this box set is madness
At least the right size to the figures :)
Will swap kidney for this Lego set or sell my soul...
That's not proper Lego, just a slot together kit!
We have no idea what's inside this box\nYes you do, Norm, stop being so dramatic.
So cool to see that Adam and Grant are the only two who survived the Mythbusters breakup and now have a youtube channel together! Thumbs up!
What the hell is an aluminium falcon?
I would set it on a shelf with the panels on half of the ship to appear to be peeling back by hanging them on fishing string
I WANT THAT THING SOOOOOO BADLY\n GOSH WHY IS IT 800DOLLARS ARGH
A lovely set guys, here in New Zealand we pay $1500NZD which bites.
They wasted half their time to knolling. Good to know.
I like the new one except its cockpit which looks odd and out of place
How many are going to be made
One of my coworkers is planning to buy it. I guess he will have a lot of fun building this little wonder ^^
Like every other set,it's a box of plastic bricks.
Kishore we have the same name! And I am kisure about that haha
Missed opportunity for a epic quote at 10:53
i built this set in 7 hours
I can't stand what's he's name....
For Christmas what should I get this or the Death Star
$800?No so dumb
As a guy who's not into Lego, but really into the falcon, I can say that the old one has a much better shape. The new one is way too flat and the cockpit and radar dish look too small.\n\n\nNow Adam, it is time to build and review the bandai perfect grade falcon!!!!
Wow, great video!  Any estimates on how long it would take one or two people to build this?
800 smackers. might take a month to build so it's great intertainment.  Sucks you can't pick it up
Adam shouldn't throw the box and stickers around like they're worthless
Where would you even put something like that? its too big for a shelf
Death to Chihuahua’s!!!
These are over $1000 on Ebay Australia lol. At first I was like looks meh as I'm not a huge fan of Lego but this was pretty amazing. What really stands out to me is how stringent Lego's quality control must be to get every single piece into this set (maybe they ship spare pieces in it?). But damn that was crazy!
Why are you wearing a hat indoors?
Go subscribe to https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCjmXfvtQbyzUtdEYpjGX46w for secrets Legos and more
When he said tons of minifigs 😂
Lego produced 20,000 sets, twice as many as 10179's 10,000. 75192 has sold out Lego's entire worldwide stock on 14th September's first day of launch just to VIP members only😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
the guy in the pong shirt. i swear, he looks like Alex Lifeson
The old one is better.\nThey just want to sell lego
Who here hates the fact that they took all the bags, took all the pieces out and then sorted it, not just going by the bags, and tore up the instructions
Please start putting where everyone in the video got their graphic T's from as they all have great taste.
nice
Nerds! lol
I'd just like to say I noticed and appreciated the camera motion during the time lapse
transmission lend alone oyyhhg wonder away lead straight firm nut.
Simone though
Lol box is fuked now
Cool
Tons of minifigs. Really?
intellectualizing legos ok why not
Not decals; stickers
NEED
https://youtu.be/vNv-B65PjPI
Awesome video. Thanks guys!
700 euro :')
i want it
https://youtu.be/kYjlqnmxUaY
WOW <3
neat : )
eight.... hundred.... ....dollars.
Tons of minifigs
Jordan Schlansky
Happy knolling.
You guys deserve more subscribers
hey man dont die, be happy!
If this is a newer Falcon, shouldn't it have the rectangular radar dish that it featured in The Force Awakens?  (I realize that the photo on the box depicts it flying through the skies of Bespin, however that model doesn't differ much - if at all - from it's predecessor featured on the table next to the build.)
this or iphone X
Hey Tested and the Tested Team, Good day to you. BIG FAN! WOW! LEGO Ultimate Collectors Series Millennium Falcon (2017) Review! was SUPER AWESOME. Excellent Job and Fantastic Build! Congratulations complete Fast Build. You ALL ROCK! Thank you for sharing your time, talents, skill, fun ideas, and Wonderful creative videos. Take care, keep on doing what you love to do, and have a great day. Peace & Joy. Back to more videos :P Super Fun Stuff! 5,000 like yeah! lol
norm is a lego weapon

RLmqKBRqyA8,didn't move
Old one looks better imo
People are so hurt that a Muslim is trending lmao \nPoor snowflakes
*puts on headphones. Puts up MAX volume. Clicks on this video*\n\nVideo: MORNING GUYS!\n\nMe:JZZKSJJSBSKDNS-
My autistic brother is in love with the way you say Morning guys and it's hilarious cos he replays it a billion times! :D
I am in love with your scarf here you look beautiful with that colour on !!
Sid has really turned into Pakistani Eminem
wow Dina, you so gorgeous without make up!
A friend of mine really needs help and advice,can you guys give me the email that people send messages  to Sid and Dina about their problems????  Please help me to rescue her life!
all your videos are haram. you not real muslms
Hey guys! Would be great if you could show some love! Just joined youtube! Would love for you to subscribe! \nhttps://youtu.be/IyBnOTvaXfg
i thought dina had like 1mil subs, huh she only has 600k, thats a suprise to me
I don't like the veneers, Dina. They look too artificial. By the way, I'm a dentist
am i the only one or did she do something to her teeth ???
Oh Lordy. Dina is so loud, she is annoying. You need to dial it down babushka.
yes we want to c that video with make up from Germany
How old does Hana has to be for u to allow her to wear makeup and make social media accounts.
Sid: Hahaha! Crack in the bottom....I laughed so hard at that...🤣🤣
Sids hair looks great. I just subscribed to you, your channel together and probably Sids channel too cos you guys are bloody hilarious 😂😂
Hi dina can I just ask where you bought them pocket shelfs from for your creative area.
I wondered how long it was going to take for Dina to notice Sid's umm behind lol right next to her.  I'd love to see you try the German Makeup and film it of course!
So much staff please read about minimalism 😂😂😂
yess pls do a room tour after ur done!
Y is Sid so funny in this 😂😂😂
Love the magazine holder! I would use that as a bag too
I don't know why but I love the tone of your voice! 😊
i smoked weed and to me it really looks like sid is really high aswell
I don't know why people still watching u 😏
EVERYONE GO TO TOOSY CHANNEL. SHES SMARTER TAN DINA AND MORE CREATIVE AND NOT DOING DUMB SHIT VLOGS ON HER HOME OR MAKEUP. TOOSY IS A REAL TALENT
what is up with their hair colour?
What is the music
salams dina i hope you see this. i totally love you and i love your content. i hate to bring this up here but as a furious muslim from australia i was wondering if you could do a chit chat video giving your thoughts on the terror attack that happened on a train in london yesterday. xx
Really wanna see the German makeup video!
Nice to see dina addressing the racists remarks
I wanna see the German makeup video!!!!!
Hijab wrong hair must all be covered
Yesss i wanna see your makeup video 🙋🏽🙋🏽
But let talk about how hot sid is lmao. Ok back to our regularly scheduled program lmao.
Who dyed  Sid's hair? \nLet me guess the Barber 😅😅
I had to get something pretty minging not you sid that bit killed me😂
Where is she from
When sid was jumping on the inflatable bed it reminded me of myself. I did that in one of my friends house and my jeans had a pen in and then pen made a hole in the inflatable mattressmattress
Why did you move again?\nLove you btw ❤️
when did you do your teeth?? Looking nice!
the only picture we've seen of hannahs head XD
You are SO funny
Please do a video on your german makeup
I want to know what you think about the german makeup
There is no god
is this a rental house or did u buy this house?
I love ❤️love ❤️ love ❤️ ya'll God Bless your cute family! Mashallah
I want u to do the German makeup 💄 video plz plz Dina do it
Yes please do a home accessory video, I want to know where your glass table and the  blue chair is from
The music just simply explains this video.shit.
1:07 the only pic in hana we'll see
you dont need to wear burqa 24x7, hadiths dont say that, just dress modestly.
You guys should get mr.kate
Dina your teeth look amazing!
1:47 lol
Well done Dina .. click bate ..well done
Trending ❗️❗️❗️
Love that room
MY CATS CALLED HANNA TOO😱😱😱
Sids teeth are so yellow
Ooh 31 on trending. Yay
Sid, you're not Zayn Malik
Trending!!
CLICKBAIT but Dina honestly i love your vids
Dina why do u always scream 😫😂
Haha, blondie's a goofball! 😄
Seem pregnant to me 👀👀
New lashes and new theeth love you dinaa
THE MEOW EDIT😹😹🙌🏽 *intentionally puts cat emojis
Nice ass Sid 😂
Sid's got a big ass, which girl would stay with someone like that, if there was no money involved I bet these 2 wont be together fact!
what she thinks of herself? what is she? her husband ewww.
Religion is a waste of time bruh.
wait your white but in muslim  gear ? why ????
You're a shitty person
Do people actually enjoy this?
This man is not punishing his woman for being confident? What blasphemy is this?
Nice to see a suppressed woman on trending
She'd look better without the t-shirt on her head
Are you white? genuinely can't tell and am just curious
does anyone know where dina's ring and bracelet is from?!! 😭😭 i love them
Does Sid speak Punjabi or Urdu?
GROSS
Click bait
Wonder why this is trending... hmmm
What a load of shit
How have I found myself here I feel sick
Just a click bait YouTube who gets no views and no attention
That title plus the thumbnail made me think your about to suicide bomb someone
Can you vlog your next terrorist attack? Fucking Muslim
Your allah doesn't and has never existed, and your precious prophet muhammad (*piss be upon him*), held up by islam as a shining example of a perfect human being that all should aspire to emulate, was in reality an *illiterate, warmongering pedophile* that has left the world with a legacy of *systematic genocide, generational incest and atrocious intolerance towards other cultures,* now fallaciously described by so many today as a religion of peace.
Raghead
u gonny build a bomb up there
Oh god a muslim no thank s
Nice,  promoting a symbol of oppression for the whole world to see.
Your bomb didnt work properly, stop trying to kill my people please.
Take that fucking thing off your head and escape before your man shanks you
Why does she have a curtain wrapped around her head?!
I'm a photographer so seeing this and hearing your opinions on the images is so inspiring. Loved the photos and the decorations and everything 💛💛💛
Oh wow Helen these photos are the culmination of the work we've seen you put in throughout the vlogs in the lead up to the wedding and I have to so you absolutely outdid yourself. I don't think I've ever been so impressed by a wedding! Absolutely love your theme and your flower arrangements and pops of colour were just to die for and it looks like everyone had such an amazing time. Thank you so much for sharing, much love 💜 xx
I actually lol'd at matthew talking about his neck roll 😂😂 oh please get rid of it \n\nBeautiful photos 😭❤
My pyjama bottoms are being eating by my arse 😂😂😂😂 so funny. Gorgeous photos 😍😍
Crying at 'reverse neck'.
Theres just SOO many little fine details in your wedding that made it so lovely
What was your first dance song?
Lovely 😊 \nPs. I fancy Connor so hard! He is my young Kurt Cobain! 💔
Beautiful!! I'm getting married in 3 weeks! I'm super nervous and stressed about it 😅. But, seeing you two looking back at your magical day gives me the happy feels! Congrats you two! 💕💕💕 you're an inspiration!
They're beautiful!!  The photos of Maff and his friends look like they could be Mumford and Sons and I love it!!
Most epic wedding of all fucking time
So beautiful! I love how colorful it was without being tacky at all! People are often so scared of color but you did it Right! GORG!!
SUCH A GOOD PHOTOGRAPHER
I got engaged yesterday so instead of watching all of your adorable wedding videos and dreaming of the day, I get to plan one too!  Can't wait to film all the fun vids for it.  Your wedding looked like a magical carnival dream! 🍿 🍾  🎡
Im in love with the flowers and plants 😍
This wedding was beautiful and you worked so hard Helen it's gorgeous ❤️❤️
Love this sooooo much! The more I watch you guys together the more you remind me of my and my partner. Funny :)
You always look fabulous in that yellow top w your hair! (+ you & maff are amazing!!)
Thank you so much for sharing!\n\nThe photographer did an amazing job
Super cool that!! Was it an Autumn wedding?
Thanks for sharing, what great memories to have.
What a perfect set up! Loved everything about your wedding 😚
Ahh i love Chloe! She is ace, she second shoots for me sometimes and when i heard she was shooting at ur wedding i was like omg! So cool. I watch your videos religiously haha never comment but always watch. Had to comment on this as i love the photos! Emily and chloe did an awesome job and your wedding looked so amazing! Congrats! X
this was absolutely great! thank you for sharing. perfect commentary. very proud to see you growing into such an incredible person; have subbed since the beginning og helen------
Barney in the conservatory with the candlestick hahah my first thought when I heard you say Barney in the conservatory 🤣🤣
Such a nice idea to talk us all through the pictures! Thank you for sharing :}\n(I like this so much more than the movie)
Number 28 on trending yeyyyyy!!!!! Love them so much x x x
I kept thinking she said butt holes lol, but Helen you looked stunning and those photos were everything ❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️
these are stunning, so happy to see you had such a lovely day  <3
I love how different your wedding was. It was so stripped back and simple in a way. More about the fact you were getting married than all this flouncy shit some weddings have. The photos are gorgeous ❤️
why am I crying watching this, really moving Helen, have been watching you for years and so happy for you both xx
So so happy for the two of you!!   Looked like you had the best day ever and will be having the best life together that two people could possibly come by!!!
fab!! i love this and both xo
Your wedding looked amazing! I hope all of the photos helped bring the day back in to focus for you. ❤️ I just wanted to say I really love the way you took the carnival wedding theme, which has become rather trendy, and made it completely your own. From the video to all the photos I can see that your personalities and styles shine through in all the details.
Helen who did your veil??? So fab!
Oh its all so rainbow and lollipops i love it!
Love these pics. I'm having a barn wedding next summer - thanks for all the inspiration! 👍🏻
Lovely photos! \nAlso would love a tutorial on your eyemakeup in this video 😍😍
What an unbelievably lovely video, and I'm not even halfway through. Thanks so so much for sharing, it was like seeing the pictures of a friends wedding 💕
Wow! That was awesome, I think I smiled for 18mins straight, congratulations.
Been waiting SOOO long for this one 🎈💓💫🕶
Watching this makes me so happy, the pictures are all so lovely and the wedding looks so unique and fun! Congratulations <3
I LOVE your purple veil omg! if 8 ever get married I would easily do a purple veil!
If I was getting married again I'd defo do it like yours.
Seeing the stuff as you were buying it, I thought I would be a bit hodgepodgey. It's turned out beautifully!
This looked like the most incredible wedding. Glad you had a lovely time ❤
This video made me so happy
My heart is 😭 crying with so much love ❤️ \n Must say that the weeding has a lot of things that I in a daily basis I don't like, Such as sunflowers and farm things, and you manage to pull over one of the best weddings I ever seen. Fantastic job you two!!!
I love how creative your wedding was. So nice to see something differnt  🖒🖒
your wedding was just gorgeous....ugh. It was so you! Seems like it was a great day; love from Boston USA!
I don't even know why the picture of Lola at the wedding got me so nostalgic but it really did! I just remember you getting Lola when your life was so different and I realised I've watched your life completely change! It's been such a pleasure to see you sort of 'grow up' in a way! Thank you so much for sharing your life with us, you will forever be my favourite YouTuber! Beautiful wedding and lovely video as always. Lots of love!xxx
Your wedding looks beautiful ❤️\nThis has literally given me inspiration for my own wedding xx
I'd love to watch some more arts and crafts you do Helen I find it fascinating xxx
Looks like the funnest wedding ever
You can so see you and Maff's personalities in these photos, so much character! I love it❤️ Don't know if you've answered this before but what was your first dance song? Would love a little insight into the music you chose! Hope you're still loving being newlyweds! X
Thanks for sharing Helen and Maff xx Helen you always make me want to chew gum 😂
I just love the amount of colour and character in every picture! These have so much personality compared to most wedding pictures :)
I've followed you since god knows how long from a young teenager to an adult today , I feel like I've grown as a person with you ❤ You're amazing . Again , congratulations , may you two live happily ever after ❤❤
That location!!! And all of the decorations and activities, seriously amazing! 💜
The photos are so beautiful!!!!!! Love you loads!!! Also the outro is so cool xD
I Love Your Wedding Photos😍
God that looks so fun! Thank you for sharing :)
Those are SO GOOD ❤
You guys are so cute 💗 love the photos, everything looked so unique and colourful!
I love all the details you had!! That photo booth is amazing and then all your food vans. Amazing. Venue looks gorgeous
Aww Maff looks tired, well done for working so hard all the time. :) Lovely photos Helen, so great to see the wedding after all the preparation!!
You look so beautiful and all the candid photos are so nice!
You and Matthew are beautiful !!!
Awww I smiled all the way through 💕
Deja vu- isn't this the video from yesterday?
This is so lovely, thankyou for sharing it. Out of curiosity what was your first dance song? Totally cool if you don't want to share btw as it is obviously very personal :)
some very nice photos there :)
The bridesmaids dresses went to we'll with all the colours! I remember you getting lots of unnecessary criticism about your choice of colour combinations for the dresses, but your vision really came true as far as one can see in the photos! :D
I loved this! Felt like I was a close friend being shown all of your lovely wedding pics 😁 This just goes to show how important getting the right photographer for your wedding day is. So many people want to scrimp and save on the photographer and don't realise the dedication and effort that goes into getting the perfect shots for your big day. My brother got a cheap wedding photographer and ended up having no pictures with my mum in! So it's always worth spending that bit extra - you'll be looking back on those pictures for the rest of your lives :)
your husband is so beautiful
Helen your dress was STUNNING. Where was it from?
Lovely ♡♡
Love you guys!!!
Love it!!!
Beautiful pictures! Congratulations xxxx
S
How cute !!!!
mazal tov
Aww this is really lovely <3
Best wedding ever
❤️❤️❤️ this
Sooooo beautiful!!!
Gorg! Congrats again! 💞💞
Such beautiful  pictures  nice job
Most beautiful wedding😍
Loved this
Awwww!!!💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
💜awesome
Helen! You're trending!
Haven't I see this already?
Hipster cringe!!! #obvious
Cute couple. You guys kinda look like siblings to me
How did the family politics work out after? I saw your mum and dad in the same room when you were getting ready!
Cutting the the cake was the most awkward pointless part of our wedding. Looking back we wouldn't have done that, you didn't miss anything lol
He looks so happy 😑😂
Will you actually just go out with me?
Hi, I'm male and i was wondering if 19 is a good age to start gymnastics, i dont look for a competitive level, thanks everyone who answer my question.
My inspiration in life  \nLove u nile!!❤😊😊
Are you aiming for the Olympics again Nile?
2:08 that smile...2:226 that fall haa ha haaa you're like lil kids ha ha
sou muito seu fã Nile Wilson
My team and I did rugby blindfold... We're crazy 😜
I don't have any idea if you read these or not, but it would be great if you did a Gymnastics vs. Martial Arts.
●●COME SEE MY CHANNEL AND WATCH MY VIDEOS! TRYING TO GET TO 100 SUBS●●
If only you could do Olympic quality gymnastics... 😦😢😭 \nBring it on! 😃 \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
5:09 that whole part was so cute. This is so positive i love it.
That redhaired gymnast is FINE!\nI hope he didn't hurt his foot...
talented .... wish I could move in cat like manner .... they seem brain dead but it's probably their way of releasing tension & having fun...... anyway love 'em all 💋
The big lebowski clip of Jesus is my fav in the whole movie. Lmao wow good stuff!
Though you were going to do some blindfold tricks
if you ice your ears then use a sharp earring and put as much pressure as possible you can repierce your ear
When u think yourself as a gymnast then u see Nile 😂  \nNile is my fav youtuber
Why is it every video is on trending but you haven't got at least 1M subscribers?
these videos bring back so many memories of my younger days when i did some gymnastics. mostly what i remember though, is that the gym always smelled like ass....lol
i love this style of editing, good job! @00:54
It is great to see that you are well Nile and training hard for the competition, I'm sure this effort will be rewarded. Hugs man
We LOVE you here in Atlanta, Nile. You're infectiously chiper and lovable. congrats on the champiionship and good luck in Canada.
loved this vid mate!! Keep up the good grind boy 😎💖💯
Nice fun and games but when it's on its on, keep rocking you guys great channel !
There's a pic of u in my gymnastics hall
Wilson is literally the best gymnastics male human being 👏👏👏
Trying to study Pharmacology and end here... XD \nLove you Nile!
I like how they play around and prank each other without being mean about it, like they stopped Nile from actually licking the lotion they put on his hand lol. They seem like nice friends.
You guys are so lucky, I have always loved gymnastics but for the past couple of years I haven't been able to do any because the nearest gym with a men's team is several hours away, and the closest gym is an all girls one that I could walk to if I wanted. The pain is real
U even a champion?
Any small youtubers wanna support each other
I do gymnastics and you and the British team are such an inspiration to me
i train at this training centre it's so cool knowing that you go there too!!💗🤸🏼‍♀️🤸🏼‍♀️
I'm in love with the new editing
Anyone else just on here to look at fit men in shorts 😂
You're nipples are so small it's cute.
I love u soooo much do u like Chris brown cause I loveee himmmm
Every video this guy uploads goes on trending page
Are you all picking on our Scottish commonwealth champion there? Just as well my mum doesn't watch you tube! She loves both Daniels!!
Be blindfolded and go through a obstacle course
Who here just to see his abs.No homo.
If I would have know that gymnastics is a bunch of hot-shirtless guys goofing off with one another, I would have joined when I was a kid.  To be young again!  You guys really seem to have fun.  Alright, I would not be piercing my ears, but the other stuff was great.\nbye\nBrennan
All of their accents XD
I should be doing my homework right now, but here I am.
Did anyone see his coaches smile get a little bigger when he started talking about the competition ❤️
In the challenge video you did with people on squad you never explained what the meaning of spinal and schmeagle was...?
jajajaja minute 0:37 jajaja wow sexy and hot and minute 2:01 his scream of very very woman jajaja
I love watching your videos and your edits are lit 🔥🔥😍😍
Nile what do you think about gymnast lefteris petrounias
Gymnastics vs Calisthenics :D
O Nile Wilson parece com aquele loiro do One Direction ! sempre achei parecido!
Amazing 😉
Hi
Your wright
You should make a Spotify playlist
In the USA
Make gymnastics tutorials
Simone biles next?
Very strong
U deserve more subs +1
加賴tc429  我叫小新 19歲 和幾個姐妹一起工作 我喜歡交朋友 我也可以外約 比較古靈精怪  也很可愛  想要認識的快加我喲
👏👏😁
Congrats on Trending #25! 👏🏻
Actual video 7:36
Nile Wilson and Courtney Tulloch,  Bromance? 😁😘
YOURE ON TRENDINF
This was trending man
TRENDING?!?!?!!???? AIGHT GO NILEEE
Yesterday
Sophina the Diva (1)                                                                                                                                                                                               The Rybka Twins (2)                                                                                                                                                                                              Sofie Dossi (3)                                                                                                                                                                                                         Dude Perfect (4)                                                                                                                                                                                                   Whitney Bjerken (5)                                                                                                                                                                                                 The Dolan Twins (6)                                                                                                                                                                                             Laurie Hernandez (7)                                                                                                                                                                                                   Your Family / Family Gymnastics Challenge (8)                                                                                                                                         comment a number for the YouTuber you think Nile should collab with
Do longer videos plz.
This is trending!!!! 💖💖💖💖
Y is this trending
#9ontrending
Do a backbend
And I thought swimmers were jacked...
really fun video i loveedd itt!!!!!!
He kinda looks like DionYorkie
Merci , de me faire rire, pleurer , sourir , et me donner envie de me dépasser dans mon sport à chaque fois que je regarde une de tes vidéos !!! 😉👍🎥\nContinue comme ca , tu est quelqun de bien en plus d'être un grand champion ! 😘🏆
Nile , is there any way you could make a video giving advice to gymnasts like me who are finding it hard to resist quitting gymnastics and can't find much of a reason to stay in the sport :// I love the sport and couldn't imagine my life without it but I don't know wether to quit
I really want to do gymnastics but I have never done it before. I'm nearly 18 and feel like I won't be good enough to start gymnastics now. I'm not in the best of shape either. I know they do adult gymnastics by me at lillenshall but I feel like I won't be good enough or fit enough. Do yo have any advice or should I think Of something else to do.
I don't know why, but I'm like a solid 89% that Nile is gay, or at least bi.
what camera do you use?
Hey Nile! So lately in your video's i saw an amazing move wich I just HAVE to know the name of. Im really in handstands and that stuff so i would really like to know. It was a move where you were laying flat on your belly with your arms by your side, where you then quickly starded lifting your feet up higher and higher untill you got into a handstand. Then whilest in the handstand you slowly came down in a pushup manner to rest again, laying flat on your belly.\nThank you very much and i loveeee your videos. Keep it up!
Hey nile , i've been watching your videos since couple months and i was wondering if i could have a good level in gymnastic considering i am starting at 17 years old.\nAnyway keep up the good work bro
Random question: what hogwarts house would you think you'd be in?
hey nile do you think it's too late to start gymnastics at the age of nearly 15??\n\nEDIT: DAYUM 28 ON TRENDING LETS GO
Have you taken ballet?  You might investigate it, if not.  Bram Verhofstad moves like one, seems to actually slow time when he moves, it's thrilling to watch.  Somewhat like football player Lynn Swann, who was also a ballet student.  Your talent is so amazing, but it doesn't draw the eye in the same way.  Your movement could be not just thrilling, but breath-catchingly beautiful.
Hey do you twist both ways in training or competitions? Im really only able to twist one way, kind of frustrating id like to see your take on it
Is he Scottish?
sorry thumbs down cuz clickbait\nand not going through with it
Were you using a cup as a blindfold???
R u going to the next commonwealth games If so I might see u there cause I'm going there great vid!!!
Have you ever tried the carmona on rings?
Hi Nile, I did gymnastics when I was younger but i was never flexible enough to advance to a higher level. It got to the point where my coach told my parents that they would have better luck spending their money elsewhere. I really loved it especially bars, because I am naturally strong and they were fun for me. I am now 17 and haven't done gymnastics for six years. Do you think it is possible for me to get back into it? Or do you think it's too late?
How tall are you? Nile
why not do the safer things with the blindfold. like handstand. swinging on the bar/rings with the foam blocks under it. or a blindfolded handstand walk race. with things on the side so you know you are going the right way.
ETA on restocking train smart t shirt?
Is coach Dave any good at gymnastics? You should do a video of you putting him through his paces 😁
Nile do you ever go to tramp parks or are they too dangerous (or you don't have time)for a professional athlete? You guys could literally bounce off the walls there!
I bet Arnold won't reply \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n4738
What if Arnold was stuck in a hurricane
Put arnold to the deepest part of the ocean
Make more please it cool funny and learning I am going to sub
Wait if this is true then why don't we just make hazmat suits with o2 mask
I love this channel
reply if you saw alien
What if Arnold is in the deepest part of the sea?
Zombie or Vampire next time
Arnold is superhuman\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOr just a clone of 1000000000000000000
If you guys can teleport him, THEN WHY THE HELL DIDN'T YOU JUST TELEPORT HIM TO HIS GODDAMN COUSIN'S HOUSE IN SWITZERLAND OR SOMETHING!? Wasn't he flying there? Damn, so easy.
How about a video where he is in the woods with a bunch of urban legend monsters?
What if Arnold is digested ALIVE? Like if you agree he should do this on next video
I AM Brazilian and I would like to bring your content to Brazil I work with a video edition if you authorize you to divide the monetization and another your channel will become better known outside the country
who ever this aronold guy is he is retard
Let me save your time\n\n\n\n\n\nArnold will die
Do h1n1 virus how long would you live?
Arnold in a nuclear war
So the scenes in space shown in Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2 is wrong?
In every video arnold literally loses one of his gingers
next Arnold should be in Forest
What is Arnold was in the middle of a category 5 hurricane
400K subscribers is 1 month, *The new Pewdiepie*
what happens when you dont sleep at all.
What if Arnold dropped to the deepest sea
HIS FINGER WILL ALWAYS FALL OFF IN EVERY VIDEO
why arnold always Lost his finger? poor arnold
Waiting for next video..
There no medium (air) in space so there can be no BOOM sound.
Why was there a xenomorph? :D
Make a video where he lives
aenold in the most radioactive place on earth\narnold falls in elevator shaft\narnold goes to mars
RIP arnold. First you bury him alive, then you send him to the sun and NOW you put him in space without a spacesuit.\n\nABUSEEE
This is very interesting but i feel bad for Arnold
Arnold? Can you do more videos?
plzz send arnold in ocean without any equipment
Can you send him to a shark infested water
Then you get chemical x..
I think he would probably die
*A hug from Brazil :3*
What happens to Arnold when he eats ALOT of Cyanide?
what those feel while your dead😂
Plzzz send him into a black hole...
You die in 10 seconds in space
How about we get a video where arnold doesn't get murdered by the environment, this guy needs a break.
Poor Arnold his finger falls every video😥😥
What will happen if you fall asleep?
Were is the new episode Arnold we are waiting for it
Place Arnold in a a place with a lot of  nuclear radiation
What it if Magicly A Huge HUGEEE Ball Of Glass Covered Earth?
What if Arnold was eaten alive?\n\n\n🤔
make a video where Arnold is in black hole
Send him in water
PLEASE PLEASE SEND ARNOLD TO THE BOTTOM OF THE DEEPEST OCEAN. without any air
Who's subscribed to his other channel Riddle???
Meet Arnold he's a dumbass
Are you life because you really like screwing him over
He got 300k+ sub with 10 videos.. OMG he is so talented
Arnold... gets struck by lightning twice ,falls into a snake pit ,thrown into a volcano ,has molten metal poured on him ,sits on a nuclear reactor ,gets sucked through a hydro electric dam ,sits under a space rocket launch ,falls in a wood chipper ,put in an industrial microwave ,buried in an avalanche ,stranded in the desert ,sucked through a jet engine ,directly under a nuclear explosion ,thrown into a black hole ,run over by a steamroller ,hit with a wrecking ball.
how did he get oxygen man?
What happens if you are in lava
What Arnold spent 1nano second on mars
In a black hole?  I would love to see the Spaghettification. Plz
i seen that alien in space
how about Arnold under water
Send Arnold to Jupiter red spot
What if Arnold will be locked in a room for 60 minutes unless he dies
Have you guys noticed that in almost every video, Arnold, loses only 1 finger.
Why in almost all the videos Arnold loses a finger
its like arnold have 100 lives and when are you goin to do another one
Holy crap!I watched a vid this guy made and he was at 10K subs and he BLEW UP.Keep up the good work Arnold-Torturer-Guy
put Arnold on a comet!
What if Arnold gets struck by lightning (multiple times)?
By the time you make your 10th video Arnold will have no fingers left
This channel is so good
This channel is growing faster then Jake paul !
to funny!!!
Make arnold swin in toxic waste
what will happen if a tsunami hit arnold? and how to survive it?
How long can you go without sleep?
Bro do you know messyourself sub you
Dead.
I subscribed u
maybe Arnold in ocean?
New episode tomorrow!!
what if oxygen disapered for 2 minutes
Make more episode
Heeeey Arnold!
Morreeeeeeee videossssssss!!!!!
Then appear sccared Arnold!!!Yes?
Zombie apocalypse do it
Next water please
Arnold in prison
WHY ALWAYS HIS FINGER
Poor Arnold
Poor Arnold
poor Arnold😥😥😥
arnold drinks bleach
MORE GIVE ME MOREEEEE
IS IT ME OR IS THIS YOUTUBE CHANNEL BURSTING?! AND SOON GETTING ONE MILL?!
Natural hair, short hair, long hair, dyed hair, hubby in video or out of video.. who cares all theses yrs of great content 👌🏾keep it up, your a stunner & your family is lush, stay blessed 🙏🏽
Sam ❤❤❤❤ you're the sweetest we could gush on here for ages 😂 let's make the meet up happen xxx
WE MISS JASON!!!! i miss him cooking, and talking , and living. come back!!
Jason kinda dancing behind you in the background made my day 😂
Hi Sam! What are some of your fav cookbooks you can recommend? Non Vegan , just healthy everyday recipes.
You are so lovely  inside and out <3 Its just so great watching your vlogs <3
Loved this natural vlog samantha, especiallly the part featuring the beautiful Indie! also it made me realize that my social anxiety got alot worse too when I began drinking daily multiple amounts of coffee at uni! Maybe i need to cut down too!! :') <3
What is that red lipstick! It's such a perfect cool/pink red! The texture looks great too.
I was actually interested in your coffee chat
Omg yes! What you said about the coffee and the anxiety rings so true with me! I noticed it a few months ago and found that I would be so jittery and overthink everything, and it would get so much worse when I'd had coffee. That's tragic, though, because I love coffee, but I did an experiment where I switched to decaf (tasted horrible) for a week. Admittedly it was only because my grocery store was out of the caffeinated kind, lol. I didn't feel drastically better during that week, but when I had a cup of regular coffee again, I found that those same anxious feelings came surging back. It's totally a thing! I switched to tea for a while and I still struggle with anxiety but it's nowhere near as bad as when I was having a giant cup of coffee to start every morning. Best of luck to you...and I love your videos and your family. :) just wanted to let you know you've been an inspiration to me for the last five or more years! Lots of love from NY!
i love watching you with indie and i've liked your channel for years now. i hate being a dick, but i hope jason treats you well. in videos he can come off rather rude to YOU, not us. i just hope he's nicer off camera and it's a nerves thing. <3 you deserve good things. best of luck.
Oh I just LOVE Madeline Shaw, and follow her channel! I saw that you have Chrissy Teigen's  'Cravings' too, which is on my Amazon wish list. Just loved you playing with Indie....I could seriously gobble her up!
hey Samantha! I get really bad anxiety when I drink too much coffee.  I used to drink so much before but I have cut down to maybe twice a week! Sounds bizarre as I would drink two/three coffees a day! My anxiety has more or less disappeared!
Poor woman. Black men have bigger dicks. You should try them
I thought it Sammi was wearing those pink converses to the dinner lol I was so confused!!
I've recently switched to decaf and it's done wonders for my stress/anxiety levels. Good luck!
Am I the only one who thinks Jason has the same voice as Jon Snow???!!! Lol... lucky you, love you Sam 😘
Fenty Beauty is making everyone so damn flawless, I literally have to get it when I get payed, gorg sammi!
U are really queen of the vlogs!! Moment with pink converse on escalators or girl eating from the box while she was waiting on metro...perfect moments;)
When you said I can't be bothered to do it about your hair, it reminded me of the Spice Girls movie when they showed the future scene of them all with children and I forget which girl said it but it reminded me of that scene!! Love you Sam <3
Definitely think about cutting back on the coffee. I've had to do the same because as much as i love coffee it just isn't loving me back
YOUR SUCH A GREAT MOM BE BLESSED!!!
Jason really needs to blog more 😫
nearly died when i saw u mention barbara love love love when u support other women!
Your vlogs are so relaxing! I've watched this like 4 times, lol
Hi Sammi, I'm sure you probably won't see this as I'm late to watch your vlog but I just wanted to thank you. I lost my baby a few days ago but while I was pregnant watching your videos and hearing you be so honest about the raw emotions you went through in pregnancy and still go through now in motherhood has been really refreshing and helpful for me as I suffered from depression and anxiety most my adult life, but you helped. So yeah.
We have not seen the banana bread
Is almost every comment a girl plz don't hate me if u offended
I've kinda missed Jason. Why isnt he in the vlogs anymore?
Your family is adorable, really enjoying these vlogs - love seeing Jason in the vlogs too! 💖
I cut out coffee from time to time and it helps me with my anxiety. So it most definitely could be a link. Maybe switch to decaf if you need your fix. It does help...do try it lovely xxx
I can't wait to see the bag!!!!
Aww Sam you're a great mom \nLove your little family
Be careful out there Sammi! I always think of you anytime I hear about the awful events in London, especially in the subways 💜
That salad actually looks and sounds amazing to me!!
Does anybody know where Sammi's pink jumper is from? Not too sure if she mentioned it or not...? xxx
I would 100% recommend quitting coffee. I had really bad anxiety for years and was advised to give up and now my anxiety is so rare I can't even remember the last time I felt anxious. I know it's  brutal having  a baby with no coffee but I will take exhaustion over anxiety mixed with caffeine and exhaustion any day! hope it helps xxx
Honestly Sammi, I find it all the time that I have a bit more coffee than usual or than I need and bam... my anxiety hits me like a ton of bricks. Just the wrong amount of it builds it up so much for me, so cutting down will hopefully help any anxiety you have!
I gave up reg coffee years ago cuz I got bad anxiety. I drink decaf when I do drink coffee and I like it! Doesn't make me anxious. Also I looooove this tea by celestial it's called TENSION TEA. I'm not sure if they sell it in the UK but if they do it helps loads! It's for headaches but it's so calming. When I'm feeling anxious it calms me down. It's a life saver! I even keep a few in a ziplock bag in my purse in case I'm out and about and I feel anxious.
I think that people would like to see u editing/working/filming etc. because thats motivate us to work and set our goals hahahahah  ❤️  We like see your normal part of the day doing boring stuff and in this way I don't feel depressed for my everyday boring life too hahah
Hmm I think your jumper was upside down 🤔😂
i laughed out loud. thanks for sharing your personality with us -- it's really a joy.
Where is that pink chunky sweater that you were wearing in the beginning of this vlog from? The one that people were saying you were wearing inside out..
Coffee defiantly personally does effect my anxiety I'm not a very anxious person or one that has trouble with anxiety regularly but it kind of just comes in waves and coffee kinda helps it come up personally
Jumpers on backwards in the dining room clip 😂
Love your outfit for the dinner! Your hair pulled back looks so nice!
Is that the Skip Hop high chair? Do you recommend it?
I also realized that cofee make me anxious
So cool seeing you as a mom and wife. You make it look easy💕💕
Great video as always. Yours are my favourite to watch. I love Jason's dancing at 5:25 😂
inspired to bake! also love the BTS of you filming. such a pretty makeup look :) \nyou're totally right about how exercise like filming! just gotta do it and you never regret it
Your living room is a dream come true.
Where are your curtains from the pink ones ? 😍😍😍❤️
Where is the rug in your office from? Been looking for one just like that for ages! Xxx
you and barbara should totally do a collab! i've been waiting for a video of you two together for years! ♥
nice one with the banana bread :D
well I'm even more of a coffee addict than you and I've noticed that even when I have minimal amounts I still feel very ancious and drained. So I guess it depends
I also think that coffee makes anxiety worse because it releases adrenalin in your body so you're going to feel even more nervous... I'm currently cutting it down also, and drinking green tea instead which makes the transition soooo much easier
Didi anyone else at the beginning of the video hear It's cheeseday? :'D
I just love your vlogs. I don't even mind watching you make a salad. Indie is such a playful & intelligent baby. I love her smile, one can tell that she is loved very much! I can't wait until she starts talking. Thanks Sam for showing us more of your life. Yes, caffeine is very bad for anxiety. I've had years of struggle with anxiety. I also believe that making sure we eat enough and not skip meals is important too. Do they have decaffeinated coffee in England? We have it here in the States & it helps me to drink that. There still is a tiny amount of caffeine in decaffeinated coffee but, it's very low. You look so happy! \nLove,\nDebbie 💋
I need to make that banana bread sounds really good <3  Hope all is well lovely - really enjoy these vids I watch the while my little one naps and they always chill me out :) xx
This was the best vlog so far :D Keep it going girl :*
Hi Samantha, is your Missoma initial necklace the small one? And did you go with the Missoma chain?
... And I thought that I was crazy because coffee makes me feel anxious too 😳
I don't know why but I love seeing you tubers make coffee. I like to see what different kinds of ideas they have. So I love coffee talk!
As soon as I watched this I made vegan banana bread haha! Thanks for the suggestion xx
Jason and you are so adorable together 😍❤️ I hope to find somebody who makes me laugh like he does with you Sammy ✨
Now I can't wait to see that Maje bag😍
I had the same reaction with coffee, I started drinking it everyday in college and my anxiety was horrible. I thought it was stress from school that was making me feel not like myself but after I stopped caffeine I felt much better. Also it stains teeth and gives you heartburn lol
You looked so gorgeous with your hair pulled back and with the red lipstick <3
Sam: Please excuse my appearance  but she looks gorgeous😩❤️😍😍😍😍
Less coffee more MAGNESIUM. Best thing for anxiety EVERRR
Coffee definitely makes my anxiety worse I cut out all caffeine for a while and it made a massive difference :)
the face indie did wenn she found you behind the sofa 😍
I am always really loving your videos. It's as if ur my friend or something and you give positive energy. Love that! And btw, the house is looking awesome!
Am I the only one who thinks Jason sounds and looks slightly like Jon Snow King in the North? Also he would make a good actor in GOT...
Just have to say.... ur the only person I watch that is real!! Who doesnt come across as self obsessed like so many others!! Just normal!! So funny and naturally pretty! Definitely my number 1 to watch!! 😘😘😘😘
Cutting out caffeine reduced my anxiety unbelievably! Xxxxxx
Loved this vlog and loved seeing the family together, it's a shame people keeping being so rude to Jason in the comments. Let the man live people
btw i started watching the handmaid's tale on your recommendation and omg it was so good!! haven't been that into a series in quite a while. thank you!!
indie is too cute x
Yes Sammi and Barbara, my og favourites xxxx
Try decafe coffee just as nice☕️☕️
Barbaraaa 💘
Vegan, yes!
Lovely table!
<3
i love love loveeee your tattooed arm !!! it looks so freaking cool , cool mummy
❤️❤️❤️
Jason reminds me of Kit Harrington lol.
Love watching Indie.. she is adorable😘
Jason having a moan about Sam's mum being late 🙄🙄🙄 Here's an idea - look after your own kid you slack shit, since you do nothing all day???!
where are all you friends you used to be so social in your old videos before you got with jason and now you do everything on your own
I know you're probably super busy already but if you could put links to outfits in vlogs i would love you forever! i need me that blush jumper in the beginning girl! Aside from that thanks for always being entertaining.. your family makes my heart happy <3 x
Just love your fenty make up it looks so glowy and natural love you!!
You always look so amazing!
Why does Jason act dickish in the vlogs?
Is her fenty beauty vid up yet xx
i wish jason would talk more on the vlogs :( why not make it a family vlog channel?
Jason 😍 Loving vlogtember Sammi 😘
Stop normalizing these liars and crooks.  Spicer stood in front of the world at had no problem lying through his teeth.  The damage they are doing is real.  Normalizing deplorable behavior is how Trump got elected.
I wonder if he us out of work now
Don't normalize Spicer. He worked for Trump!  I find him pathetic and I don't trust him.
Trump certainly did have the largest amount of viewers on a global basis if you count all the net livestreams
Sean Spicer dare to lie to the American Public and yet, he got the gall of showing his face in a public event. How discussing.\nshameful.\nEven more shameful if the media stil giving him free air time.
He doesn't have those stress lines in his face and dark bags under his eyes anymore. He looks relieved.
IF SOMEONE HAS BEEN DOING WORK - PAY THEM
I didn't know Spicer had a good sense of humor, it was good to see Spicer laugh about his former job now.  As much as I didn't like what Spicer was saying, if you watched the interview, you will understand his position.  He was doing his job of being Trump's voice to the press.  Even when he disagreed with the message, which he does indicate he wasn't always in sync with the message, he still delivered what Trump wanted to convey.  Now I kinda feel sorry for the guy, now wonder he was hiding in the bushes.
haha, when Sean Spicer claims to repeat something Donnie said and you know it's bullshit because it's a full sentence. 😁
Still an assworm\n Slime oozing out of my tv
Why did they film two piles of garbage for 8 minutes?
All politicians lie. The two parties are two sides of the same coin.
Disagreeing about facts does not make America great, for sure. Does Spicer for example believe that flat earthers make a relevant contribution? Gee!
Lmao...I don't think this fool realizes that he's no longer press sec.
i think im the only guy who doesnt support trump but i still like Spicer and Scaramucci or mafia guy.
how long does Stockholm syndrome last?
He speaks better than I thought.
I have a crush on Spicey. Omg he is soooo cute!
He was NOT elected. He was put into power by the electoral college not the people. Only the Popular vote should count!
Jimmy Kimmel treats the public like little dumb kids when repeatedly asked about the crowd at the inauguration. Yes Jimmy boy we'v got it from the first time!! All of you Hollywood liberal scam are easy to read before even you open your mouth!! Hollywood trash!
America was built on genocide, slavery, and colonialism. If you can rationalize that, you can rationalize anything. I think, sometimes, we can disagree with the facts. - Sean Spicer -
cook terms lay cook note leg dig wrist wood.
Sean Spicer has a voluptuous figure.
He seems like a decent person outside of the White House
Facts are facts and aren't up for opinion or perspective. A blue sky is a blue sky. Saying it's red because that's your perspective means you're color blind, or just  lying.
wait what ? so american WH speaker is a position to lie in behalf of the president ?i though he represented the nation........no wonder america is like that
Man, i feel sorry for him.. He seems like nice guy if you look at him now
Would I have love to be a fly on that wall watching Donald Trump correct Sean Spicer on how to articulate a sentence
Oh America , this political lacing of all things TV is the end of you all . Try talking instead of labelling .
He is such a pleasant guy! Never knew he had such great smile. We should love one another, beyond politics!
He helped spread the obvious lies of Trump and deceive the american people, he should be in prison and sentenced for life, not applauded when walking in to a talk show.
1+1=2 You can't disagree with FACTS.
Poor sean.... he had to do what he got to do to keep his job.  Now he's like a floating cloud ☁️ never seen him smile that much, what a change!
Still a slimy little weasel - my apologies to the real weasels which are actually pretty cute.
😂😂😂😂 I kinda feel sorry for this cracker
Jajajaja jajajaja!!!!! He looks much better he's off the job
I always knew Spicer was a good guy, he is free from the grasp of the devil now.
Good job Spicer. Jimmy doesn't know. His feelings are intact.
He's alot more likeable as regular Sean Spicer, he seems happy!
Don't know how that jerk sleeps at night.
I don't think they allowed him to leave soo easily.
I want him in SNL
I think he is a good guy and loyal to his boss. He is just doing his job. And no i'm not a Trump supporter. My jaw dropped as well when Spicey announced the inauguration crowd size and end it with 'period'.
It *was* his job...
I'm a progressive but I appreciate Spicer's service.  It's my understanding that he's also a military reservist. Thank you Sean for your service.
Damn he is actually a fun person
He looks more human now.
jimmy shouldve had him WITH melissa mccarthy.
His Inauguration crowd was huge and a lot was blocked by protesters too, it wasn't easy to get in when it was really early.
Spicer seems so nervous. He's like not breathing properly. It's the same way he talks when he's being grilled by reporters. Kinda feel bad for the guy.
this man is boring af
He needs to distance himself and call out the orange baboon if he wants to cleanse his soul and further his career prospects
Hi Jimmy!\nIf the crowd size was indeed sparse,\nIT'S BECAUSE POOR PEOPLE VOTED HIM IN AND POOR PEOPLE CANNOT AFORD TO MAKE ENDS MEET IN THEIR PERSONAL LIVES, LET ALONE HAVE ENOUGH TO TRAVEL TO D.C.\nAnd U, Jimmy, damn-well KNOW that TRUMP Is DAN, so how about getting Urself & The Rest Of The Late Night Hosts/ess (Samantha Bee) to START ACKNOWLEDGING THAT ELEPHANT-IN-THE-ROOM F_A_C_T.\n@PATRICIA_EROZ on Twitter
Don't you just miss the spicer lies
Jimmy should join the Skaggs from the View.
Jesus that suit is tight
I like Spicer he seems nice and genuine. He doesn't take it too seriously and can laugh about it
He was only in that position for a matter of weeks. Why are some acting like he had been in it for years? 😂😂😂
We all have free will...in the end.  Spicer sold his soul and is now trying to play the sympathy card.  You chose your path, Spicy.
It's good to see Sean Spicer smiling. I'm a democrat, but man I felt bad for him while he worked for Trump.
IM NOT AN REPUBLICAN OR CONSTERVIE BUT I THINK SEAN SPICER HAD THE WORST JOB EVER THANK FOR SERVING COUNRTY
fake news
I miss spicy 😢
Let's not....
Poor spicey  I have so much more respect for him now. I bet he's so relieved he out of there now!!
At least he can laugh at himself.
some people feel bad for this guy and other people who resigned or was fired  from the administration, but honestly imagine how little dignity one would have to have to work for the Trump Administration.
The fact he got roasted as his intro... wow lol
I was hopeful at the beginning of this interview that we'd see the real Spicer but It's like the truth is still being held hostage inside Sean's body, and  it's desperately banging on the doors for help.
Sometimes you have to disagree with facts  How does one disagree with facts??
Ass clown.  Sorry, disagree with the facts? Size of the inauguration is in dispute?
Let's face it, SPICY is not going to say anything really bad about ol' Scrotum neck till he's out of office.\nTHAT is when we'll get the juicy info & what Spicy REALLY thought of the current Groper in chief.
You ALWAYS have a choice of WHAT to say. The ''im supposed to voice what the president thinks'' argument is BS.
Trump is such a blatant liar. I don't know how Spicer can sleep at night.
Sean is very diplomatic but he's still full of sh.....t!
No shame
He looks so haunted
Spicey has a funny laugh
He is still shitty!
He talks and laughs like Guiemo
GREAT!
Spicer is funny AF 😂
this poor guy...
Yayyy! Spicey!
Awkward AF 😂
Nothing's changed
Scummy clown.
Spicer is still....Spicer. Ugh
sad
That frame rate though.
jimmy was just roasting him lol
Spiceman is still full of SH!T!
WOW! Melissa McCarthy really let herself go. Is she pregnant?
Awww look at how cute and cuddly this professional liar and psychopath enabler is now that he's left his post. Let's all chuckle and give him a round of applause.
Stop making assholes like this seem normal and nice.
I think Melissa Mcarthy weirdly made him more likable. I need to occasionally remind myself the difference between the two 😂
Never seen Spicy smile before. Working for Trump can't make smiling easy.
Jimmy Kimmel is an idiot.  His bias is showing. Yes we all know he is an anti-Trump.
Can we disagree with the facts? Says the liberal. Jesus that's ironic.
Wow Jimmy getting all worked up and upset about Trump made me cringe so bad. How can a guy who starred on The man show be so sensitive. I guess he is so close to getting cancelled he has to be a PC zombie or he will be replaced by someone who will.
Yes please would love to see closet don't mind it being long😀❤
Georgous! Of course we want your closet room tour ❤️
I absolutely love the replica fragrances!
Yes Victoria!please I would like to see a home and closet tour 💋💋💋
What's this trend that all the youtubers start showing PR stuff stop doing this
It is boks abort two Danish words that Danish people care really much about. But it's hard to explain how to pronounce 'Lykke'. Love your videos 😊❤️
Absolutely looooove this vlog!!! It would be awesome if you could do a closet tour and how you choose what pieces to invest in? Lovely vlog as always!! xxxx
Please full closet tour! I'm so excited to see it.
Closet tour!! 💖
You look STUNNING.
It isn't a lap table, but we used to have this folding table sat behind our sofa in my uni apartment for when people were over. http://m.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/art/10290221/
Ooooh I love the make up bag, what an amazing gift! Would love a closet tour to see how the new closet works (and of course what's in it!). Looking forward to catching up on the rest of your videos.\nHugs Adele xoxo
yes a closet tour!!
OMG YOU'RE#7 TRENDING IN THE UK
Try the West Elm storage coffee table - it lifts up into desk/dining table height and still looks very stylish
Closet tour, yes please.
For a useful dining table, see tiny house ideas...you can get a table attached to wall that folds down when dining!
My grandparents have something they call a TV dinner table. They are a set of 4, but they are individual wooden tables that fold up and can be put into their holder but you sit on a chair or a couch and put them in front of you to eat in front of the tv but I've used them for a laptop too!! :)
THANK YOU for being so up front about what brands send to you vs. what you buy on your own. God, this is so refreshing. This allows your viewers to actually trust you... unlike many other youtubers out there right now. *eyeroll*
Definitely would love to see a closet tour and also are you going to do fashion week videos like you did last time about what you wore? I loved them!! xxx
Closet tour - yesss!!
Those shoes looked solo cutee😍😍😍and as always love ur vlogss
Those shoes 👠👠😍
Closet tour pleaseeeee! Those Manolo's omg they look so beautiful❤❤❤
Ugh would love to get goodies like this...getting things in the mail is the best feeling
CLOSET TOUR!!!!
I love that you tried some products on camera, that's quite rare. I'm always watching PO box openings and thinking 'I want to see you try it!'
Closet tour please ^.^ x
I love your videos and i love fashion! 😍 deffo my fave YouTuber! Xx
CLOSET TOUR PLZ
closet tour
Closet tour!! 👍👍❤️❤️
Looking super gorge girly! X
Love your vlogs Victoria I get so much inspiration I need to start investing in bits and bobs first thing the pink GHD they are so pretty and for a first set these are perfect also Manolos OMG sooo beautiful yes yes yes to a closet tour xxx
Yes to the closet tour! And I would love to see more of your designer dupe outfit videos that you done a while back.
omg pls pls do the closet tour!!!! ❤️
Korean folding tables
Yes! Do a closet tour!!😍
We want a closet tour please ! ❤
Yeeeah do a closet tour, your shoe and clothes collection is AMAZING
Love your vlogs 😘😊 please do a what's in my bag video.
Our little house doesn't have room for a dining room table so we bought super cute country style wooden trays from Home Bargains that have little quotes on them! We pop our food on there and eat of our laps with them! Also, your PR deliveries are giving me life!!! Those manolo's!!! X
Love your videos. Please do a closet tour
Your hairrrrr!!! 😭😍🌹
Love your IG and YouTube channel! Would love to see you do a closet tour!
I've been waiting my whole life for your closet tour video!!.... or at least since we got a peak of your unreal coat collection when you did your cleanout :D xx
Yasssss closet tour pleaseeee 😁😁
Please do a flat tour! Seeing glimpses but would love to see the whole place (especially the closet) 😊\nDinner issue  - bean bag trays or fold away trays (like mini tables) 👍🏼x
I use a cushion on my lap and a tray on top of it,  I have fractured vertebrae in my back and I have been mending in a recliner lazyboy chair,   so this is how I have been eating my meals,   I have watched a lot of your videos and tutorials while I am healing,   like the sandals ,   I can't wait till I am better so I can wear my boots,   I only wear low heals,   more comfortable for me Chelsea boots is my fav style,   have a good NY fashion week,     I am a Yorkshire girl who lives in New Zealand,
What I would give to look like you with no makeup😍😍
Stunning babe, as always makes me so so happy when you get excited. Nobody deserves all those beautiful gifts more than you 💕
Was wondering if you had seen the new Mulberry mini trunk bag! They're sooo cute! xo
Hi Victoria, you can buy a Turkish style little round table with folding legs. This table is low and you sit on the floor. They come in different sizes. You can bring it out when u want and fold the legs and put behind a sofa when u'r done. You might find it online or if u can get u'rself to the Harringay area of london, green lanes, there are lots of Turkish shops there. U'll definitely find one there. Maybe an idea. Xx
We use the small white square table from ikea (can't think of the name but they're £5/7) easy to pop in the corner and use to display bits but light enough to move to the sofa to eat at! My son also uses it for activities.
What a fun time!! Would definitely love a closet tour! Xoxo, Caylie
I found these really nice wooden folding tray tables that we use for dinner, laptop work stations, etc. the top of mine has a vintage wine advert printed on it. It would go with your retro theme really well, plus you can fold them away in the corner when not using them.
I love your makeup look for your night out in New York 👌
Another fab video ❤️ would love to see s closer tour x
Yes closet tour!!!!😘 love you victoria
a closet tour would be very cool
What about a TV tray? I don't know if that's what it's called in England. It's a personal sized table that you unfold and use for food while sitting in the couch!
How about a fold away bistro table and chairs?
Honestly can't wait for you to have your own house because I already know how amazing your walk in closet is gonna be! xx
Yes please to the closet tour! \nA possible idea for dining in a flat - an outdoor bistro style set with a small table and two chairs that all fold up. We've got a set in mint green and bring it inside for extra seating when we need it and it looks really cute! But of course, you'd still need somewhere to keep them whilst folded - behind the settee, behind a door, under the bed?!
You say Lykke the same way you say Hygge just with  an L and a K :) Closet tour...hell yeah! xx
The Kurt Gieger boots are so beaut it hurts!! 😍😍😍 I'll have to save up for them 💛💛💛
I love how Alex is smiling at you while you were unpacking your little bag at the end...it's so sweet to see how much he loves to see you getting exited ☺️❤️
I really want to try the balmain lipsticks. I saw the advert which is amazing, the colours are insane. Yes please can we have a wardrobe tour. It may need to be two videos lol. Some fab products to try and some much in one video you busy bee. Xx
I love the new shoes from Manolo, especially the second pair!  You lucky girl!
Love all the vlogs, such an amazing chance to see you in your day-to-day life! A closet tour would be absolutely fab! A totally unrelated question: where do you do your brows? They are always on fleek! (and I keep wondering for the past 5 videos I think)
You should buy some folding TV trays to eat on.
We use the oblong trays that have a cushion on the underneath for eating our meals without a diningroom table, the cushion makes it comfy and so it doesnt slide off your knees.
I get so sad when your vlogs are ending, I love every high class minute of them!
use a TV tray. they're individual trays on a stand you can put in front of a chair or couch. and they fold up really small. it's probably easier than sitting on the floor. but probably not super sturdy or for fancy dining. good\nluck~
I'd love to see a make up collection video 💕
Alex' look at 16:36 😂 he knows how crazy Victoria is about make up 😂 so cute
Please do a closet tour!!
You could always get little tray tables so you can sit on the couch and eat? A little like a TV dinner 😂 but they work and can be stored easily!
I WANT TO SEE A CLOSET TOUR <3 p.s. those manolos!!
Big 👍👍👍👍👍for the video and for a future closet tour!! Secondly Welcome to the U.S. I hope that you thoroughly enjoy yourselves here! Please stay and be safe!!
Yes Victoria, we would love to see a closet tour!! can''t wait to see you at fashion week!!! Loved your watch at the end of the vlog.
JonTron Video with 300,000 Views in 50 Minutes = Nowhere on the Trending Page\nFashion Video with 40,000 Views in 24 Hours = 16 On the Trending Page\n\nOut of curiosity, how much *does* is cost to bribe YouTube to be on the Trending Page?
where is the white band you wear around your head when you do your make up from?
You're definitely my favourite now. Really enjoy your videos and look forward to the next one. I'm probably older than your usual demographic but I don't care 😀
Lol .. ours is tv breakfast tv lunch and TV dinner 😂😂😂😂
Hey vic, mind to let us know what nail colour you wore in this video?? It's amazing😍
You're really passionate about your clothes, shoes, bags and make up products it's just wonderful to see!! Xxx
I can't believe you got thousands worth of dream products and just rattled it off like a Tesco order! So jealous!!
Victoria I want ask you about your mascara ???
I dont care much for shoes, but those you got are sooo beautiful! Hope you keep getting all these wonderful things. Cause you really know how to show them. Love!
I have some friends who have a small apartment in NYC and they bought a kitchen table and cut it in half and used brackets to attach it to the wall, almost like a breakfast bar. It looks super cute and quirky!
What a question.  Oh course you need to do a huge Closet Tour 😍😍😍
OMG, I'm in love with your living room carpet! Where did you buy it? xoxo
Victoria, you really shouldn't hang your knitwear, it's going to ruin it in the long run (I've learned it the hard way!)
I don't know hoe big the livingroom is but maybe smering like a walltable with some low barchairs?
i was expecting a video and got a vlog😤
your skin looks beautiful!
We used to live in a small flat in London and had a table similar to this. It can go from a normal height coffee table to a fold out dining table. It's kind of two sides of a table on top of each other which swivel and fold outwards. Or you can keep it smaller and just raise the height. It was honestly perfect! I think the brand was Callagaris we bought it from a furniture shop in spitalfields \n\nhttps://www.heals.com/magic-j-table.html?gclid=EAIaIQobChMI6YXbsY2n1gIVQr7tCh2g3A7TEAQYFyABEgJJlvD_BwE\n\nI can't find the calligaris one we had but it was more like this https://www.styleourhome.com/mascotte-wenge-multi-purpose-table.html?utm_source=google_shopping&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIsdDaiJGn1gIVZ7vtCh1ZlASaEAQYCCABEgJl6_D_BwE\n\nWe used it for 7 years and my bro now has it in his flat another 7 yes on and the mechanism still works perfectly xx
You really have opening products with your left hand down pat.  Victoria Beckham - how wonderful.  Alex is really cute and patient half watching you on the bed lol.
creased when alex was watching what you got gifted then realised it was make up and lost interest 😂
is grace still going out with chester?
These are all actuality pretty good outfits, but watch anyone use them and get dress coded
2:03 Grace hasn't shown this much skin since she was backstage at a Harry Styles concert!  Hey-ooo
I love that she refers to herself as a muppet.
I wore my i feel weird sweater to school almost every day last week and I love it so much!!
Again. Hawt
Dress code
I was wondering why this was super normal for a fashion video.... but then Grace was Grace <3
Oh my god....... was so confused why this was an actual video and so sincere !!! This is classic grace !!!
In the androgynous look grace looks like a really cool girl who's a lesbian but doesn't believe in labeling herself also has hardcore commitment issues, doesn't believe in traditional relationships and I would have a huge crush on
Only the green pants suit would have been in dress code at my high school.
Okay but where is the professional suit from thank you and please
Excuse me, Miss Helbig. That green suit is AMAZING. In all seriousness, that green suit. 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
Why do I love this so much????
these are awesome you can never tell how she's going to throw in her signature awkward humour, but it's going to be there don't you worry
I did not expect any of this...
You have such good style!!! So cute
You always looks super cute but I wouldn't be able to wear any of those outfits at school except maybe the green professional
This wasn't helpful because 1) I started school August 14th and 2) I'm at a military college so I'm in uniform every single day. But still enjoyable. I liked the pantsuit.
Your orchid went fishing and caught a stuffed toy
Number 2 makes me think of the lesbian teacher who would be 100% dtf a student
downloading and firing up my unmosaic engine!!!!
not gonna lie, i would kill for that green suit
You're not a doctor is my new favorite comeback.
All of these looks were actually hella cute. Like if she had resisted the urge to troll it up a bit, this would be a legit beauty/fashion video with some real cute looks. It wouldn't be Grace though without a little bit of troll.
I am feelin' all of those outfits
If you have a uniform is you education a lie?
I know it's supposed to be a parody but I liked all the outfits
Grace you are amazing but my babe no these outfits kill the school dress code in so many ways.
You're not even in school wtf are u doing
I LOVED THIS😂😂😂 but also she looked super cute in like ALL THOSE OUTFITS
This is the funniest shit I've seen all week
My favorite part of this video was Brooks' reflection in the glass door where you could tell he was filming in his boxers.
Why do you look great in all of them??
I love videos like this, always super funny. \nYour dad is Gene Simmons\nNo!
I like the 5th one
grace grace grace grace!!!!! I need to tell you, I liked this video XD
Your outfit / fashion reviews are my favourite 🙌👏👏👏😂
Let's talk about how freaking great she looked in the androgynous outfit
LIVING FOR THE ROCK PRINCESS LOOK! 🌸🎸🌸
The green pantsuit reminds me of that guy who wants to cut down all the trees in the Lorax 😂
No dying this time !\nDon't forget.\n Only 1/2 cup of water per week for the Orchid !!!
Clicked so fast when I saw kristens I feel weird. Shirt
First Outfit looked so good on you! Also why ain't you a mooodel?
I just came here to say Fuck Meghan Rienks and Grace Helbig;) That is all;)
STOP BEING SO GODDAMN FUNNY YOU DELIGHTFUL HUMAN BEING!!!
I don't wanna do this one
I'm tired but nice vid make more plz thx
i know she's joking around but she actually looks great! ❤
You could definitely be a model you're gorgeous and you looked great in every one of the outfits 👑
Grace we get it you look cute in everything
I DIED AT CASUAL FRIDAY😭😭😭😭😭❤️
You're not a doctor
Grace I luv ya but ya forty as fuck.\nFor sure let's let the kids handle 1st period issues. Jk jk
BOYFRIEND GRACE IN THIS VIDEO
did Grace just do an actual, serious lookbook?
OK but Grace, how do you look amazing in every single one of these outfits! ❤👌😱
all of these outfits are so cool and hot and the way you do this sort of look book thing is so funny you big weirdo i love it!!!!!!!!!
2:05 SHE'S WEARING KRISTEN'S MERCH!!!!😱😱😍😂 AND GRACE IS ONE OF KRISTEN'S FAV YOUTUBERS!!
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL AND HILARIOUS AND I LOVE EVERYTHING YOU WEAR AND YOU CAN WEAR ANYTHING AND THIS IS MY WORD VOMIT BECAUSE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. OK. i'm fine.
That green pant suit looked amazing on you Grace!!!!!
Better (y)
kristen's merch!!!!
Grace's legs on the Rock Princess look!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO GOOD
Chester see, come back and get yo pants
Real talk where was the skirt from in the 3rd outfit I love it
I actually like the outfits... well done Grace. I flipping love you.🙌🏼
these are all cute as hell but like I can't wear any of them other than the pant suit because of damn dress code smh
Please do more of these!! In any way shape or form, I love your fashion videos
The you're not a doctor part made me bust up laughing😂😂😂😂
The green one had a Riddler vibe lol
I'm home-schooled so pajamas everyday!\n(Also, that green pants suit is giving me INSANE Onceler vibes.)
To make the androgynous look complete, you should wear either a knit stocking cap or a baseball cap with your hair stuffed up inside it. Or cut it short like Ellen (or shave your head completely, if you *really* want to commit to the look).   ;-)
Grace legit looks amazing in all of these 😂❤️
to be serious for a second, what is this back to school outfit thing about? I mean why don't you  wear the same shit you wore in summer? and if the first day of school is a little colder then wear something warmer than last week.
I FEEL WEIRD MERCH
Love it.💅 😘
loooove these type of videos
Love these!
Love these viddddds!! Fashion videos😍😍
😂😂😂
Oh loved all tho!
'Your dads Gene SImmons' HAHAHA so funny
*initiate awkward dinosaur hands*
outfit 4 brings out the gay in me
Gosh,  Grace how can one person be so freakin' funny and awkward and adorable and weird hahaha
i like very muuuuuch
DRESS CODE
these videos are ok
OMG SHE'S WEARING KRISTEN'S MERCH
I like casual friday!
🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼😍😍😍😹😹😹😹😹
Great as usual!
Quit because miniskirt feeling bad
😂
what an icon
Uncensored Version Plz!
11/10
:v I have uniforms...
leprechaun professional
From this valley they say you are leaving\nWe shall miss your bright eyes and sweet smile\nFor you take with you all of the sunshine\nThat has brightened our pathway a while\n\nRIP good sir
RIP dear Harry (Carl) :(
Seeing him play this made me deeply happy. I think he's one of the finest actors around.
We need a Harry Dean Stanton sings Country album, ASAP!
R.I.P.
Rest in Peace Harry
Good night, sweet prince. :'(
Love Harry, such amazing artist!!!
Who in the world would leave a thumbs down?  Seriously???
Rest in peace Mr Stanton. You are cool until the very end
This made me tear up. Rest in peace, man.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton. You will be missed.
Rest in Peace, Harry!
oh fuck, just heard about his passing. What a man though, a long life being in great movies. I'm so glad Lynch brought him back for Twin Peaks, this scene especially was just the sweetest thing.\nWe'll miss ya, Harry ;_;
... it's a fuckin' nightmare.
We have had the privilege of receiving Harry Dean as a Lynchland Guest recently, and we shared his 15 favorite songs in a special Guest Mix on his birthday on July 7th.\n\nhttp://bit.ly/HarryDeanMix
RIP Harry, you lived a good long life and were a damn fine actor.
So beautiful. Rest In Peace, Mr. Stanton.
CUTE!
Thanks. I like it https://goo.gl/xyuXiF
And we will miss you, and your great music, & acting Harry Dean RIP but,= at least your music lives on to be listened to & enoyed + still to shine on!
Rest in peace legend
Legendary character actor Harry Dean Stanton died on Friday 15.9.2017.
I am not the only one who thought this one of the best moments in the series. RIP.
Rest in Peace Harry, You never delivered a single bad performance. I hope they have a cigarette waiting for you in heaven.
RIP the great Harry Dean!
RIP Carl . Glad we got to see you again in Twin Peaks The Return.
Rest In Peace, Harry Dean Stanton xx
RIP- This is a tough jam, knowing it as his last.
Rest In Peace, brother.
RIP Harry Dean Stanton.  May Carl Rodd finally find some peace.
R.I.P I will keep my blood
I had a dream about him last night. So sad. I thought he would live forever!
R.I.P Harry Dean Stanton Kudos to David Lynch for letting him appear in Twin Peaks - The Return and for making him play his guitar and sing. :'(
The light went out at the Fat Trout Trailer Park. RIP Harry Dean Stanton (aka Carl Rodd). You'll be surely missed by all TP fans.
is it just me or is the sound a little weird?  low volume and 'wavey'.
RIP. A legendary actor and a great one at that
Rest In Peace brother. So glad I got to see him preform one last time.
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE MEMORIES! YOUR SMALL PARTS AND FILM WILL BE REMEMBERED!!!
I just want to say, good night, sweet prince, may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. Harry Dean Stanton. Rest in peace.
Farewell, Harry. You went out still giving your best.
Rest in peace, Harry Dean Stanton you golden voiced champion. I'm so glad we got to see so much of him in the new Twin Peaks.
i love harry dean stanton so much. idk why. but hes just so loveable
My favourite classic country song.
Such a lovely scene.
R.I.P. Harry...
R.I.P.
DEP
R.I.P.
RIP old man.
RIP Mr. Stanton.  A true ICON!
Rest in Peace!
Goodbye, Carl :(
R.I.P.
RIP
:(
R.I.P
R.I.P
RIP
A LEGEND, RIP
RIP
RIP❤
R.I.P. :(
Rip Harry Dean Stanton
R.I.P
RIP :(
Rip Carl Harry Dean Stanton
RIP Harry Dean Stanton. One of the great character actors who's been in so many great movies.
please let's get this on the series soundtrack!
Right
is that samsung note 8 you are using?
Man I remember your first video.....you have come a long way a loooong waaayy... Congrats
Get it boo...keep up the great work!
Do you find it hard to text on the note 8??
Who are these 6030+ subscribers in this 4 mean time.\nAre they manipulated fake subscribers..??
Hi... As a long time viewer... I have noticed that there is a lot of flagship priced phones...band they are covered well...   Now that phones are 700 dollars each there is a market that both iPhone and Android types of phone do offer cheaper versions.\n\nWhat are your top pics at various price points.\n\nAlso. Bigger is not always better. Modern phone hardly fit in my pocket now. \n\nI'd like to see a real comparison for the majority of users price point.   And that is base to middle price point.
Congrats!youll be at 10M in no time
ha haha...we like you even in germany
Do you think the next iPhone will be cheaper and look like the new iphone x?
Vídeo with the new ios 11 in my channel
i wouldn't describe your channel as a tech channel, more like a classy geeky channel ? car geek, phone geek, camera/video geek, i don't know, also you're personality is like half the reason i watch
Well done man! Thats sweet dude. Darn,  live streams on youtube are always so awkward. XD
What kind of phone you're using.i appreciate you bro
may be iphone 10 plus
Must be that huge Dickkkkk
Awesome work wish you 10,000,000 more!!
congrats my dude
Congrats MKBHD!!
I Love you
This is live
Great job bro
Do a giveaway
CONGRATS MARQUEES
Congrats bro.
say hello
Congrats on the 5M!  Great content by a great personality.
Do a review of iOS11 quickly. I wanna know if this garbage is worth downloading
Simple and love you and hope you have a great future.
👈 Click here to Get FREE! Smasung Galaxy Note 8 📱GIVEAWAY🎁
That exit you are covering is a fire hazard Marques... tisk tisk
How about to review from an Indian Manufacturer ???
You inspired Alot some day I will share my enthusiasm for tech
Hey Marques, a review of the Elephone S8 could be cool! Keep up with the good work dude!
R u gonna make one for 10m?
Bro where is your 8 and 8plus reviews ..... dieing to see
Do u prefer iphone x over galaxy note 8
Bro where is the note 8 review?
wow, this is my first comment on your channel. \nCongrats for your 5M subscribers, been following your channel for 4 years. Really like your honest reviews on smartphones, big thumbs up.
Congrats bro !
Wtf
Prętty cøøl brø
congratulations please give me iphone x 10 red please 
Congratulation MKBHD :)
So happy for you
I subscribed to you yesterday loving one by one your videos !!, I noticed you don't have any speed test videos of any device !!, I think it would be interesting if you can make perhaps all the top 5 or maybe top 10 most popular actual smartphones speed test ! Performance, Geekbench, and all that !! And congrats on the 5 million subscribers ❤️❤️👍🏼
Congrats Marques.  Made me feel much better about my own stream difficulties at the beginning :)
Still can’t edit tweets though...
Congratulations well deserved.. Been subscribed for many years!!
lol I thought it said 500,000
I thought it was live now....
The people who unsubscribed just for the fun of it. Not cool guys. His last 100 was were such cunts. Congratulations Marques ❤️
Marques do you think theres going to be a Jaybird X4 model, and if yes when are they going to be released?
Technically Cassini died 80 minutes before you hit 5M subs. Speed of light and all that. ;)
YES to adapters :D\n\nCongratulations on the great achievement!
I like the idea of touch id coming back and having dual factor biometric security. I mean I am a twin and my brother can access my Surface.
Hi
awesome!!!
congrats for the 5M subs
Hihihihihihiih
Congrats
We are getting there, greetings from the DR! Anything new in the future for the channel? Perhaps more software reviews?
Congrats on the 5M subs! That's an insane milestone. I'm a very new sub, but your videos are well-done, and deserving of all the support. Best of luck on your continued growth, my dude!
Man, you should make a video letting us know how to start our channel, since now you're pretty well established. I myself was planning to focus on the Latin American market, but have no idea how to kick the door. Care to help?
Congratulations MKBHD . Hope you get many more .
May i know what is your daily driver?  S8?
Trying to hide the happiness
I'm a bit myth'd by the amount of views, I know people would rather direct their attention to other youtubers and so on, with all the people around the world that do tune in and watch, I'm surprised it isn't a hell of a lot more! And that isn't with only Marquez B. Vlog, this is all users producing content to watch. I literally am myth'd
been a subie for about 3yrs.. congrats for hittin 5M.. cool kid.. cool kid..
Congrats for 5M Subs...................
Ur osm buddy I watch ur every videos .\n U explain each n every things in an osm way .. n congrats for 5m sub
Thanks for quality videos MKBHD. You are classy, good luck on your next million.
So cool! Well deserved too!  I wish I was catching it live, but that's ok. I'm still taking a shot when it hits 5 million anyway!
CONGRATS MY NIGGA
Is there a giveaway?
Whats up Marques! congrats on your great journey. smart idea having us being a part of this...
I've been here the whole time. I love you and am a huge fan. Wish to meet one day. Congrats MKBHD!!!
Hi Marques, nice job u do. Have u ever think to do DSLRs review? I'm very convinced wz the way how u review products, and pretty sure you will do amazing if review entry and pro-sumer DSLRs
big congrats for 5M. you are the man
Congrats man, I've been such a fan of yours for so many years and I feel so happy for you milestone!
Well done\ncongrats on hitting 5M+  Cheers mate
Congrats on this milestone
Congrats
Well deserved dude
Congrats
Wow nicely DONE!!
Congratulations!!
Why 5000000
Awesome, congrats! Way to go :)
Followed you since 1100k subs
congrats my dude!
Congrats!!! good luck!!
Do Something!
how to get instagram verified
Congrats from Denmark (Scandinavia) :-D
Jonno Plays
Jonno plays
osm woo
Congrats love your channel
Congrats!
you're the best , great and the greatest tech guy i ever seen bro . keep going bro
Hello random person scrolling through the comments, u are beautiful no matter what, and have an amazing day!! 😊
I dont want to float too so yeah here's my comment
She needs to do Heathers beat up Veronica Sawyer look. Just me?
Where did you get the teeth?
idk if its just me but from 5:00 - 5:05 she kinda reminded me of the ginger girl in riverdale
It was filmed in my home town and u can see my house in it
You should totally do Blind Mag from Repo the Genetic Opera
Only the red lines.. hmmm..great idea!!
Ur dog looks like the squirrel guy from ice age tbh... 😂 not bein rude just saying 💛
Where did you get those teeth from???? I watched this video and the mermaid video and you never said where they were from. Plzzzz I want those teeth for Halloween 🤡
I've watched this video four times
Glam or not I'm still mentally disturbed😂😂😂😂
FUCK the beginning scared the shit out of me I have headphones in
I died when she casually ripped her wig off😂
Does anyone have any suggestions where I can get cosmetic contacts for astigmatism? I haven't been able to find any.
She seems like she's just half-assing it now a days. Too hollywood for us now.
hahahahaha i love you 😂😂😂😂🤡
Mykie!? 😍😍😍 finally! 🤡🖤🎈
It's amazing
Urgh....but good job x
Do annebell tutorial
plz try Fenty <3 <3 <3 Btw, I love you
ugh you're SO good
can you please do taylor swift zombie version of look what make me do music video pleaseee
I think I'll do this but with pink and maybe some contour. I loved the movie and i totally want to go for the glam look for my school annual haunted house where I plan to be a carnie. I'll probably get punched but it'll be worth it
where did you get the contacts from??
Please do a ghost of a supermodel look using the pop luxe glow in the dark highlighter!!! It glows under Blacklights...
Can u try do two videos a week so
Hey mikey, I searched all over YouTube to find Ginger snaps tutorial for her simple wolf like makeup for Halloween but There was none. Think you can make a video tutorial on her?
Where can I get contacts like that? :')))
Great makeup!! It was so funny because when you said Alexa, my Alexa responded and then you said add contacts and she said I've added contacts to your shopping list!!! Hahaha!
Thank you so much for this video now I know what I'm going too be for Halloween 😜😜😜
I want to know what red face paint to use around eyes.\nPlease...
You should do an American Horror story themed make up tutorial.
This is the only Pennywise makeup tutorial I've seen lately that I absolutely LOVE.
tHE MOVIE WAS SO GOOD
Hey can you do a Friday the 13 fx themed tutorial please ps ily I am a zombae
You killed it as usual! <3
You remind me of the girl from riverdale xD
Where did you get or how did you make those teeth??
This is my fav video ever
What size are your ears stretched too?
Where can I get the blonde wig you were wearing? Because I'm in love with it.
Hey mykie I love your stuff. One year I went as curiosity killed the cat sadly I don't have any photos of it but I would love to see your take on it. And love to see what you come up with
BUT DID YOU SEE HOW HOT IS THE PENNYWISE ACTOR???\nI'M SOOOOO LOOKING FOR THAT MANHOLE
My name is georgie so when i watched the film i was really creeped out lol
MIKEY PLEASE DO THE OTHER MOTHER FORM CORALINE
More Halloween tutorials please  ! It looks absolutely amazing!
Can u do more female clowns
Can you pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty please do a dramatic makeup look for a cute cat costume for Halloween Please? 🐱
You should do a Jerome Valeska fx makeup! Like when he gets his face torn off!
I know who i'm gonna be at halloween now; Thank you ! ♥
this was posted on my birthday and that worries me
I have a question, this has nothing to do with the makeup in this vid but I wanted to do the jack-o-lantern makeup for Halloween. I'm  using latex and I just want to know is it easy to use?
I really like the combination of glam an gore! It's amazing
im new here. . is she scotty sire's sister? ??  she act soo much like him
I'm soo Doug this for Halloween 😂😂😍😍
Where did you got your teeth ?
I will never understand glamgore.

uNseVux0CA4,

uNseVux0CA4,Like you want to be a goth,  but you want to be safe about it.
I'm doing an IT/ Georgie crossover for Halloween and this video just helped me make my concept so much better😊😊
This look without the creepy contacts along with the creepy teeth would look good for a Christmas look. #cute
Mikey I have to admit that I was very reluctant to watch this. I am terrified of clowns and I have not seen the movie yet but your pennywise makes things a bit less terrifying. It kinda makes want to see the movie but maybe not. We'll see.
Omg I am so doing this for Halloween
What kind of dog has she got x
you always make laugh out loud! thankyou for that. And I learn from you a lot too.
HELL NOOOO to see the movie
Do a once upon a time inspired look please
Where can I find the teeth?
You should be a special affect person who does makeup for famous people
Its STEFF EN KING BUT SPELLED stephen
Can you do the creepy scarecrow from The creation of Annabelle
Do one using only makeup from wish
this is actually pretty cute :b
You should become a potato for us-♥️♥️
Does anyone know where she got the wig from? It looks amazing
With the blue hair, it reminded me of American horror story cult
As someone who is absolutely terrified yet completely obsessed with clowns, this is amazing.
If you continue the princess gore. You should do Mulan or Merida because that would sooooo rad.
I'm already a ginger so do I have to lose my soul twice? You didn't specify and I can't go messing up this look!
@Glam&Gore  you should totally try Rihannas fenty foundation !
TRAP NATIONNNNN
WHAT CONTACTS ARE THOSE?!
Pleasseeee do a tiger ripped Princess Jasmine tutorial!!
🎈
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG I love this! <3
She is so fucking hott
lovvvveeeee this take on Pennywise.
Looks like a possessed Cheryl blossom
This is SOOO GOOD
THOSE ROOTS
Please make a glam Jack Skellington too!! Awesome video btw ! <3
Crushed it🤘🏼
Yeaaa love thiss❤️❤️❤️
YOULL FLOAT
MYKIE DO A GLAM FREDDY, JASON, LEATHERFACE ECT. SERIES
Fenty beauty commercial cane before your video. Fucking slayed
this is glam & gorgeous :D
Nice :) maybe Halloween costume but might scare my son shitless so idk haha
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
#48 ON TRENDING how the fuck?
If you're wondering why people would think YouTube has an agenda, this is a pretty good example
Huckabee-Sanders - a Goebellesque mannequin.
Definitely mike huckabees daughter. Family of deplorable cunts.
I'm here
View botters
How is there only 2comments
This has been view botted
FOR CHESTER BENNINGTON? :(
Does anyone wish they were that microphone? Or is that just me?
Am I the only one who thinks intro part sound like Boulevard of Broken Dreams??
I hope 2M subscriber become 50M ...MGK LIKE U BRA
remember when MGK was hard and a raper. I guess the $ pop $ gets them all eventually.. SHIT VIDEO SHIT SONG
I love you machine gun Kelly.
I never realized how good looking MGK is #wherehaveibeen 😛
The beginning sounds like a 2000s song
At first I was gonna say this was like some lil Peep stuff then he started rapping and I'm like never mind
Didn't Expect that!!! Nice!
I LOVE THIS song the moment you first came out with it. Didn't even need a music video to love it. Thank you for always coming out with new real songs!
This is actually a good song
I will influence a generation of men who don't need guns to get respect..I will build up my community and spread the truth of all truths..you are more than what they tell you. Follow me and please keep up the pace. Listen to My Break on my profile. Thank you! Love is Key!
lol... am I the only one who thought there was a bug on the screen at 2:35? :P
Hailee Steinfeld released a song called 'Let me go' MGK released one called 'Let you go'\nCoincidence...or Destiny?
I love tbis song ben listing to it every day for a few months and i dedicate this song to katy McCoy
who else is watching this high?
One of my favourite songs ever 😍❤️
this is straight garbage IDK how you can let your self release something this awful when you've made much better tracks.
Who knows all the lyrics before this video is released 🙋🙋
About time a real video was made for this ..
to long I waiting for this!!
I thought he singing  You're like my BRO, but i can't get high off you i really misheard that till i looked at the lyrics.
nobody actually noticed this song rhymes with who you-GDRAGON
DEVIL'S
Vv
Its awesome
🔥🔥🔥💯💝
Chill af
HELL YEAH MGK MORE SHIT LIKE THIS BRO THIS SOUNDS AWESOME
*...He still raps?*
Marijuana cigarettes I'm dead
Emeniem who!!!!! MGK fukin killed it
This is Brilliant!
This was heavenly!
https://soundcloud.com/curly_clamar/past-guys-1
Sick tune like the rest mgk
This record is ultra dope
Lace Up !!!!!
this is amazing
Classic 🔥🔥🔥💯❤️
Wow! This is Awesome. Such a good switch up from your regular sound. But totally hit the nail. It felt like a flash back to the best of 90's alternative rock blended together with your vibe. Felt the fever, you fit the character perfectly, very attractive.
Smells like marijuana cigarettes *grumble grumble* Hi how are you!  Lmfao i about died from laughing at that nigga😅
white rap bullshit no skills, no style ... what the fck is this sh+t?
He singing now cuz he called out Eminem and he knows he's just lost his rap career
It have two different ringtone .. is awesome machine gun kelly!
this song make me love mgk
Fucking love this damn song!!!! So fucking fine.
I know this guy from Roadies
Make up on my shirt mgk sneak dissin all the girls
mgk..... i really wish mgk ft Taylor in a song
It's so similar to Erase Me by Kid Cudi.
Possibly the best music video I've seen in my life
This literally makes me nostalgic I love this
Remebers me of Kid Cudis Erase me song
MGK deserves much more views
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  \n\nFor with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.  \n\nFor the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.\nRomans 10:9‭-‬11 KJV
Am I the only person seeing comments about Green day but have no idea who they are ?
Thia is way different but loving it lace up
Mgk out here killing it as usual 💣
I’m sure I’ve heard that instrumental before
The rock part is what makes this song great. MGK making a name for himself.
I really liked the Song When He came out a while back. The Video on the other Hand Not so much
Im getting a Jonas Brothers vibe mixed with Viz Khalifa
Good song MGK 💪💪💪💪👑👑
He's cute 😊😊😊😊😍😍😙😙
He looks kinda like Luke hemmings
LOVE IT
wht is this
My Ohio boy finally made the music video. We Cleveland boys, who's from Cleveland like me
I don't really like his music but this shit hard asf
I loveee you. ❤✨
dope asf
Still better rap rock than limp bizkit
I love it I love it I love it!!
Mgk is my freakin crush.
finally a video!
MGK SO FINE❤
I love this! ❤
❤️
#EST4LIFE
Reminds me of Weezer Buddy Holly vid
Green Day collab please.
Just bad.
I see mgk I click
😍😍😍
Sahid kapoor and his cutest daughter Misha's amazing unseen rare video just watch it \nhttps://youtu.be/gNKoUz_ByfU
4:17 when I get I hundred on a test I didn't study for
😻😻😻🤘AHEM! I'm still waiting to be your wife 👰😂👋
Um am I the only one that didn't know he could sing?
after hearing this song i looked up the artist.... not my cup of tea, but this song is great.
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
ALL Rap/Pop Type BEATS MUST GO! $10.00 each! (I'll even do BEST OFFERS or whatever! 2 for $10? Sure!) \nContact me at - ianScottsInstrumentals@gmail.com Or iG - @iansBad (dont mean to spam!)
This shit hard kind of a Green Day vibe I don't care Machine Gun Kelly  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
im thinking that this video looks like 1 derection stayl of music video
She's hot actually !!
nice
omg i love it!!! 😍😍😍😍
Fuck yeah!\nThis shits dope
that scream tho👌👌
I know this is early, but are you bringing Nicki Star Tip back for this Halloween?! I LOVED HER 😍
Hellooo this cake is AMAZING you are so much talented, hello from Belgium!😊☺❤😃😀😘
Try the Japanese cheesecake
WATAMELON
Would be extremely cool if nick opens a cupcake cafe/Pop up store x everyone would live for those gorgeous cupcakes & cakes !! 💖
do a collab with Rosanna!
NICK!! i have a burning question: are you never triggered/annoyed by the crumbs or the sauces (anything liquid really) drip through the crevasses on your table (or work bench or whatever you call it)? like how do you clean it... (im huge fan of your creations btw!!)
Still waiting on PEACH, dude!
This is #watermelongoals 🍉🍉🍉🍉
This guy needs to be on cupcake wars!!!
Nic's FREAKSHAKE brings all the views to the yard.... He could teach you, but he'll have to charge.... $30 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Anyone else miss it when Nick points with his fingers the ingredients needed for the recipe? I do.
Too cooked for this
Ur vid just got likeeeeeedddd😅
His creations are so unique, cute, and impressive, and I love how his personality shines through in his work. If he doesn't already it'd be too cool if he opened up his own little bakery.
here since 20k...but i always forgot to subscribe rip
you are making good
Who actually watches this and makes it im just here to crave sugar.
This is the perfect Halloween treat to hand out on the South Side of Chicago next month. Just don't put them in a big bowl, leave them on the porch, and tape a please take only one sign. You might cause a gang war over who gets the most watermelon cupcakes
Any suggestions for substitutes for all of the milk products?
Why does the butter look like cheese
There's a cupcake in my home made of watermelone
Loved it !
That's a neat mixer
Everything you put out is so amazing and looks gorgeous.
Can you made smores macarons and plis continue making freakshakes cupcakes i love them, love your decorations, especially the ones with the donat lol
Looks good I'm new to your channel
I just want to stick my finger in that hole.
Omfg, don't worry sweetie. Rosanna Pansinos children fans always do this, they accuse people of copying her when they didn't at all or because it was never her original work to begin with! They legit do this ALL THE TIME. They did this to Ann Reardon with the unicorn cake that was never Rosannas original creation to begin with. Who knew watermelon flavor cake in the summer is copying someone lol. P.S, your cupcake is way cooler and more creative!
I just love you. You are beautiful and amazing
Hi , your videos are really good . Maybe next time you could try rainbow marshmallows meringues cupcake ?
ur editing is awesome (small youtuber admirer here) I spend more time on my thumbnails then I do on my videos. Maybe I need to reverse that
Do u need the Greek yogurt?
Where do you buy your cupcake liners and what's the brand ?🎂
So creative! These are so cute!
Done!! and loved the video
Man I thought it was called Watermelon freshcake my god I can't read
hahaha, its so i love how  u pour the batter with the ice cream scoop its soooooooooo satisfying XD
Omg nick this is so beautiful keep it up
I love this even though I say im gonna make this I never do who else can relate
Nice cupcake!! Now, can you cake it? I mean turn it into one of your high-level cakes, not making a giant version of it.
I love your accent. It makes my day and your videos so much better 😬😁
Yes so ready for fall, summer is out the door as soon as Sept 1st hits to me lol I will not miss you Summer goodbye.
Summer almost over in the US means for you summer is almost starting! Love the vid as usual 😻
Yes! I guess the right name!
Hey nick.......What does the oil do in cupcake or cake?????
WATERMELON ISL LIFE
Halo top
Loved this video
What A Cupcake!
Yay Watermelon!!!
I love the way you say choc chip! \nCan you make a Chai latte freak shake with TimTams on top? I did the TimTam slam with chai tea and it was AMAZING!
You are trending right now 9:12 pm est USA
Omg, you should make cake like this!
Omg i just found out you have a youtube  channel!!! I follow you on instagram and i love your videos!⭐👌
omg yaaaaaaaaasssss!!! <333
I hope Nicki Startip does a makeup tutorial this Halloween 😂 also, ASMR vid please, Nick!
It's trending!
Your creativity is endless!!
That looks insane!!! And yummy!
I soooo want this! 🍉🍉 cupcake
OMG YOU'RE ON TRENDING 😫💚
ITS #41 ON TREDING 🙌👏👏👏
Hey 👋🏾 Nick! This cupcake is so beautiful.
#32 trending!!!
muy fresco
My summer ended 6 weeks ago!
Magnificent!
😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋
cool
you deserve more
Das bootefel
かわいい 美味しそう
wow!!! hmmm...wonderful!!! love it!!!
I love u alot!!!!👏👏😘😘😘😘😘😘
YAAAAAAAAAASSSSS!!!!!! WATERMELON!!!🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
🌌Awesome🌌
They are sooooooooo cute
cute
OMG this is like my dream cupcake!!
please write a cookbook!
It's trending!!!
Hey Nick,\nYou gud?\nYes    No
Wow😻
love it
Yummmn
Do you spray paint your table a different colour every video or what!
After all this look-all-the-same-doll-cakes, I'd love to see your version of a doll-cake... I imagine an explosion of crazy colours and glitter, sparkles, sprinkles and gold and maybe some beyonce-ness... 😍😊😍
why is your salt pink?
Why do you call them freakshakes
This cupcake is identical to the chocolate and mint freak shake cupcake, just a different flavor. Not complaining though. O love watermelon.
8.4k and trending.  🤔
Looks amazing but I wouldn't know where to start eating it?! xD
17k views and trending? Gotcha
Summer is not almost over. I live in micigan and monday will be the begining of the 3ed week of school
Im early
Where can i leave the suggestion on a cupcake
OMG!! Looks so GOOOOD! I am in love
No Walter Melons were harmed during the making of these cupcakes
Please collab with rosanna pansino please
£620 for shoes.Wow
Delightful star shoes ! jeans, black trousers, blue dresses, goes with everything,
Omg Amelia I loooove your new hairstyle! xx & also this star shoes look soo cool!
Star shoes looks cheap
Beautiful!! Your hair looks amazing!! ❤️❤️ Xx
loovvee the aquazurras <3
100% Keep those shoes!
Hair on point !❤️
OMG tht wallpaper 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 cant wait for her tour.. 👏🏼👏🏼🙆🏻🙆🏻🙆🏻🎊🎈
Lol NOPE on the sock boot 👎
Keep the star shoes 😍return balenciaga
Keep the aquazzura sandals!!!! They are amazing!!! 💫
I love the star shoes but don't like the boots
Where are the mirrors from that hand on your dining area wall (seen behind Natasha). They remind me of portholes! Love!
Love the hair x
Can't wait for Philippa's house tour! 😍😍😍
KEEP THEM! xx
✋
Keep them!!!
Keep them they are cuteeee
Hockey sock witch boots 😂
KEEP
Your hair looks amazing!
I subeied
Keep the star sandals and toss the pointy boots :D
Hair looks unreal!
Omg loooooovvvvveeee the sock boots! And as always your Givenchy handbag 😍 xx
keep the star shoes, return the sock boots hahaha
Love your mom. So graceful! 😍
LOVE THOSE ⭐️HEELS 😍
Can I say I much prefer your mum's Gucci loafers more than the other ones? 😍 I just love your mum!
Nice to see you blogging regularly again <3 xxx
love the aquazurra shoes. Also love your nail polish! What brand/color is it? xx
Omg keep keep keep! The holiday season is coming !!
What was the granny bag?? I couldn't see what it looked like lol
Yes to Philippa's house tour!
Your mum is lovely!
Kkkkkeeeppp the Star shoes!!!!!!!!!
You're look beautiful!
Where did Natasha go
Life's too short - KEEP THE SHOES ❤️
What foundation are you wearing? Your skin looks great!
I absolutely love the silver shoes!!
Keep the shoes! End of discussion. :D
It doesn't really do anything. It just smells nice I swear they're gonna put that on my gravestone lol
I would not keep them, they're gorgeous, but so specific I wouldn't wear them over and over... I don't know, you go to much more events than I do hahahaha
Keep the star shoes. They're gorgeous! On the other hand, those Balenciaga boots look really pointy and weird, I feel like you could invest your money on something better😊
I always feel rude when I'm doing anything and they are working on my hair. I won't even touch my phone. And I feel like I have to make small talk with them. Thus I dread going to hairdresser! I actually hate it. I wish I could just cut my own hair if I could. But u seem to love it! So that's great!
Love the lace Self Portait skirt - want it need it! High street dupe pleeeeeeeeeease! ❤️
Love the Star shoes!!
is it .a new dog????? im sorry i hadnt watched Amelias channel for 2 or more yearsss
Do you ever find yourself copying your mom's styles and stealing some of her pieces? I LOVE HOW MY MOM DRESSES AHHH!!! (to be fair, my mom takes some of my clothes as well LOL)
KEEP THE STAR SHOES!!
The shaft/upper of the boots is so  flattering and hugs your legs, but I question why the toe box is so super pointy, but you wear many skirts and I could see you getting use/many wears out of them in especially fall/winter!
I loved this vlog ❤️ You're so natural in front of the camera!
You should show these to FleurDeForce.
@amelia keep the aquazura shoes there silver and goes with so much
Literally just gasped over the beauty of those star heels!!! KEEP THEM!!!!!!
Those boots are giving me such cruela de ville vibes!!!! Like I think those are the exact same 😳😬🙊
Love love the star shoes !! U look just like ur mom...
Please can you ask Phillipa where that pineapple wallpaper is from ! i NEED it !!!
socks shoes are so ugly in my opinion!
Nay to the shoes
What is the song playing in 10.14??
Love those stars shoes! But I also love the Gucci shoes from you're mom! Love
Keep the stars, get rid of the sock boots
The star shoes are a must. Keep!!
I really dont like the balenciaga shoes... But the star ones look so cool!
No to the star shoe
I didnt get your videos alert for a whole month!  :(
i sing made up songs to my cat too haha lame
Keep the shoes, always keep the shoes!
Where is Natasha moving to?
The shoes with the stars are amazing
when you're not a 100% sure and think about it too much - you know it has to go ! hahaha - But on the other hand those shoes were lovely.
Hello dear, looking amazing as usual..I love your watch can you tell me where you got it please? Thank you :) keep shining
OMG the thumbnail for this video had your hair looking that grey color so many are going and I was worried cause you are too warm for that.
I need to start wearing skirts more often gosh!!!
This was one of my favourite vlogs!!!
Loved,loved your vlog 😍😍and please do a house tour of your friends apartment. It looks like every girls dream. I am always confused of your house,do you have two kitchens?
The skirt is amazing! I love your hair too
I feel like the star shoes will be perfect for xmas events
Love your new hair color! 😍
what hair mask are you using  on your hair?  and your mother is such a lady like..gorgeous
Love the hair colour and length on you 😍
Keep the silver shoes! They are so gorgeous! Not such a fan of the sock boots though...
You make me wanna dye my hair💗💗
the star shoes are amazing
I think we all need a Bathroom Cabinet video featuring your mothers bathroom cabinet haha! But honestly I remember that one video we got a sneak peak and it was so cool!
Loving the Givenchy bag!! House tour please✋👌✋👌✋👌✋
Aww! Best wishes to Natasha!! She is always so sweet in your vlogs, over the years!! Xoxoxo 🙏🏼☺️🙌🏼💙
Your look so beautiful in this vlog, love your new hair, eye makeup without wing liner and that skirt, so pretty!
I love that depiboo took your hair darker for fall.... autumn?.... fall. Fall sounds better 😂 It looks incredible anyway, as does the tan skirt. The knife boots make me think of Devil Wears Prada and those star shoes though 😍😍😍
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
Love you Amelia ;) Always great to see you sweet heart 💕And Loooove your new hair xxx
Love the shoes, dislike the boots. Your mom's so sweet.
I thought I spotted some pastel pink! Looks very beautiful!!
JonTron Video with 300,000 Views in 50 Minutes = Nowhere on the Trending Page\n50,000 Views in 2 Day = 17 On the Trending Page\n\nOut of curiosity, how much *does* is cost to bribe YouTube to be on the Trending Page?
The Aquazzuras are SUCH A KEEP! They're a classic silhouette with a fun twist. Love.
I feel like buying stuff online with the mindset of just being able to return isn't v considerate of yer carbon footprint and the environment. Just something to consider if you care!
Her voice is everything
I really don't like Gallant's voice he really let Lua down, she nailed it. she should have done it with someone else.
Holy shit! I was just dreaming about them collabing the other day...wtf....
oh I actually thought it's Amy's voice
the type of music her voice deserves.
please put it on spotify
YAS!!!!
This is the best that's ever happened to me
This is absolute awesomeness got my mind blown thanks for that ♥️
must have in your music gallery 😍
i cant, i just hear her voice and get an install orgasm
Lyrics\n\nAll I can ever be to you\nIs a darkness that we know\nAnd this regret I've got accustomed to\nOnce it was so right\nWhen we were at our height\nWaiting for you in the hotel at night\nI knew I hadn't met my match\nBut every moment we could snatch\nI don't know why I got so attached\nIt's my responsibility\nAnd you don't owe nothing to me\nBut to walk away I have no capacity\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nI don't understand\nWhy do I stress the man\nWhen there's so many bigger things at hand\nWe could a never had it all\nWe had to hit a wall\nSo this is inevitable withdrawal\nEven if I stop wanting you\nA perspective pushes through\nI'll be some next man's other woman soon\nI can not play myself again\nI should just be my own best friend\nNot fuck myself in the head with stupid men\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nSo we are history\nYour shadow covers me\nThe sky above ablaze\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nI wish I could say no regrets\nAnd no emotional debts\nCause as we kiss goodbye the sun sets\nSo we are history\nThe shadow covers me\nThe sky above ablaze that only lovers see\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, ma blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, my deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, my deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own
When Dua hits the note at 2:46 👌
the headphones man. the headphone is like a jewel
god i would die for dua
oh my god this is amazing!
In love with this ❤️
when i saw the title my jaw dropped so low that i can't find it anymore\nbless this
I just fell in love with this cover
Good lord this is gold
Best thing to happen to me this month 😍😍😍😭🙏🏽
All I can ever be to you\nIs the darkness that we knew,\nAnd this regret I've got accustomed to.\nOnce it was so right,\nWhen we were at our high,\nWaiting for you in the hotel at night.\n\nI knew I hadn't met my match,\nBut every moment we could snatch,\nI don't know why I got so attached.\nIt's my responsibility,\nAnd you don't owe nothing to me,\nBut to walk away I have no capacity.\n\n[Chorus:]\nHe walks away,\nThe sun goes down,\nHe takes the day\nBut I'm grown,\nAnd in your way,\nIn this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own.\n\nI don't understand\nWhy do I stress a man\nWhen there's so many bigger things at hand.\nWe coulda never had it all,\nWe had to hit a wall,\nSo this is inevitable withdrawal.\nEven if I stop wanting you,\nA perspective pushes through,\nI'll be some next man's other woman soon.\n\nI shouldn't play myself again,\nI should just be my own best friend,\nNot fuck myself in the head with stupid men.\n\n[Chorus]\n\nSo we are history,\nYour shadow covers me\nThe sky above,\nA blaze,\n\n[Chorus]\n\nI wish I could say no regrets,\nAnd no emotional debts,\n'Cause as we kiss goodbye the sun sets\n\nSo we are history,\nThe shadow covers me,\nThe sky above,\nA blaze that only lovers see,\n\nHe walks away,\nThe sun goes down,\nHe takes the day\nBut I'm grown,\nAnd in your way,\nMy blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own.\n\nHe walks away,\nThe sun goes down,\nHe takes the day\nBut I'm grown,\nAnd in your way,\nMy deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own.\n\nHe walks away,\nThe sun goes down,\nHe takes the day\nBut I'm grown,\nAnd in your way,\nMy deep shade\nMy tears dry
DUA YOU BETTER SING THIS ON TOUR BB 🖤
This is awesome. I really look forward to what she'll bring to the table with more style and various kind of songs
I'm dying to hear more of this. Voice quality is UGH, too much to bear. GALING!
I love her so much
Everyone talking about Dua but oh my, Gallant's voice is sweeeeeeeeet
All I can ever be to you\nIs a darkness that we know\nAnd this regret I've got accustomed to\nOnce it was so right\nWhen we were at our height\nWaiting for you in the hotel at night\nI knew I hadn't met my match\nBut every moment we could snatch\nI don't know why I got so attached\nIt's my responsibility\nAnd you don't owe nothing to me\nBut to walk away I have no capacity\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nI don't understand\nWhy do I stress the man\nWhen there's so many bigger things at hand\nWe could a never had it all\nWe had to hit a wall\nSo this is inevitable withdrawal\nEven if I stop wanting you\nA perspective pushes through\nI'll be some next man's other woman soon\nI can not play myself again\nI should just be my own best friend\nNot fuck myself in the head with stupid men\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nSo we are history\nYour shadow covers me\nThe sky above ablaze\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nI wish I could say no regrets\nAnd no emotional debts\nCause as we kiss goodbye the sun sets\nSo we are history\nThe shadow covers me\nThe sky above ablaze that only lovers see\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, ma blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, my deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, my deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own
When Dua hit that second verse, I start bawling. God bless you Amy Winehouse. Look at what your art did? 💖💗
WHAT. A. DUO. \nThey both have amazing vocals and together they sound even better! Loved this performance of them
Just don't understand why they still want to use a fake music back when it comes to make hits....these instruments are so good to listen to with their voices on them!
More of duets by the both of u pls!!!
The dudes singing all the big parts, the guy has a nice voice
👏👏👏👏👏 What a great collaboration!
This is a match made in heaven.........LOVE Gallant he is a genius!xoxox
this is music to my eyes in every sense of the saying
Yo can they make a Christmas album please
Oh my goodness my 2 favorites!!!!! ♡ thank you for this
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how good dua sounds? 😍\nLove her and her music!
achei melhor que a original :)
Gallants talking voice is WILD! HIS RANGE IS AMAZING!
late squad where are u at??
It's like listening to a Dreamgirls (musicale) duet. Sooooo lovely!!😍😍
She needs to record this and release as a tribute
OHMYGODN THE COLLABORATION THE WORLD NEEDS
No fucking way. Two of my favorite artists are singing together. I love this.
Damn, that was slick! They took it to church :D
THIS HAS TO BE ON SPOTIFY
2017 and male singers still change the lyrics so they can feel straight enough
*he* walks away
Owwh ma god dua is soo niiiceeee
Pokok nya Dua Lipa segalanya..
really good... 💝
😍😍😍😍😍
Dua is life
Omgggg soooo gooooodd
SHE IS HEAVEN
OMG 💗
Gallant ❤😍
my favorite duo
They sound so perfect ❤️
Ariana Grande next
Gallant is everything!
https://youtu.be/cxLQAuQsOWI
Man! So so good!
superb!!!!! 😍
4:00 Joe Sugg??
Wow
holy shit
Que maravilhoso 😍
me gustó este cover 👏👏🎶🎶 \n#AmyForever
JUST BEAUTIFUL GUYS
WOW!
YESYESYES
My two favourite people😄😂
love love love OMG
Looooooveeeeeee it!!!!!!
two legends
rihanna+Amy whinehouse= Dua💜
Great vocals, loved it!
sooooooo good
Both absolutely nailed this, but Dua..good gosh, perfect😻
Ahhhhhh!! 💖
Duas voice is unreal
BITCH IM BALD
:,)
omg absolutely love this
GODDAMN when ur fav COVER ur other fav and ur favorite song HOLYSHIT
my favessss
Lawd That Guitar Solo Tho
made me remind of Amy winehouse ..
❤❤❤😍
Te amo Dua sos impresionante😍❤
I'm sorry one take !!!!   ?? dude!!!! #HatsOff
FLAWLESS! AMAZING!
2:50 tell dua i'm pregnant
New hit😍❣️
Dua is 💕💕💕
I absolutely HATE when people cover any song from Amy but this isn't bad at all. Love them
absoltely love this, big fan of Amy <3
Fucking lost it when he summoned a train and it was Thomas the tank engine. A+
Technically everything you make is canon, as in an infinite universe with infinite possibilities of anything happening, all of this could happen\nEdit: All of this will definitely happen in such an universe/multiverse
BOOM, BIG REVEAL, MORTY!!
I LOVE IT
These videos need to stop, your one of the reasons the rick and morty fanbase must die
That was epic! Nice work as always my good man!
3:38 just had me laughing! Kinda thought Thomas got lost there!
10/10 would watch in full episode form.
Last part scared the shit out of me like really I'm in the shit room
Absolutely love these videos! Your time and commitment to making these are appreciated.
this ..... this is what i use the internet for .... good day
I love the videos keep them coming I keep looking for a good rick and Morty mod for Xbox but can't seem to find any,any plans for making one?
Dude watching rm right now and this is sick great work guys
This was the best XD
You never fail to make me laugh
You should have so many more subscribers your stuff is so good
spoiler alert it was a Alien dick
where is the Israel scene
I don't know if I'm allowed to make a suggestion, but I'd like to see Scary Terry.\nEdit: Didn't know you already did Scary Terry. Sorry.
Thomas theme at the end, plz tell me where to find it
I really appreciate that you don't rush these but instead put a lot of effort into it.  Quality material
I fucking love this
I loved Rick and Morty until Pickle Rick cuz no one shuts up about it and it's so annoying.
This is awesome. You even made the eyes the same lol
nigga do the latest episode already
kinda wanted to see sexy summer killing someone like in the show
I'm laughing so hard with this shit😂😂😂 Good job!
when you wish you had money to donate to someone
This made me want to kill myself
I love your videos ❤️ good job
I have no IDEA how you did this, BUT IT'S F#$@ING AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*GOD JOINED*\nGOD : MA DICK JUST GOT HARD
Please dont stop making this
3:55 I didn't need my heart anyway.
please post the death of the vindicators
First video of yours I've seen.  Was not disappointed
You gotta do the entire Atlantis-Episode!!!
This is all in-character for Bethesda writing. Are you sure this is recreated Rick & Morty scenes and not just footage from Fallout 5 by Bethesda?
3:06 Something you will never see, a legion trooper and an NCR ranger in piece!
Holy shit this is fucking amazing!
I'm so glad you're not dead! Or badly injured or mutilated or sick with the sniffles. I'm just glad to see you're ok and still making kick ass videos. It means the shrine still works.
This is o scary
Citidel of Ricks next please! That would be glorious!
nice mods but rick's hair is rerrible
this is the most funny and best\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nspoilers
This beat my expectations by a mile! Wow this was amazingly done!
God this show is for autistic people
This is so cool!
I'd love to see the show like this
He didn't turn it over with the screwdriver :(
i love that Super Nova
Hope to see the ending of episode 7 recreated
I hear there's all kinds of trap shit in Skyrim.
Summer's mask, I fucking want it
Morty, rick \nIm on my work bench rick,\nA-are you like invisible or something and your gonna fart on me\nFlip the cucumber over\nI TURNED MYSELF INTO A CUCUMBER\nIM CUCUMBER MORTY
The morty reminds me of peter parker from the spiderman movies
9-11 was an inside job
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Omg the Thomas part fukin killed me lol
My man
Tech meh
*3:55** best part*
This is MASTERFUL
Cringy
Pikel rick
😆
IM PICKLE RICKKKKKK \nMorty staring intensifies
Best ending
perfect
That was hilarious
amazing as always
Masterpiece
IM a pickle Morty !! 😎
pls keep dong these
Thomas is fucking scares me..
Buy Rick and Morty clothes and accessories https://cartooniche.com
*I'M PICKLE DIIIICCCKKKK!*
OMG comon! Morty in Fallaut?!
great video
Im Rickle pick!
I'M A PICKLE MORTY!
MORE FALLOUT 4 RICKANDMORTY
*sees UpIsNotJump uploaded a video*\n*Heavy Breathing*
Everthing IS a camera.
IM DIEING!?!? ;D
You messed ricks hairline up fam
*STOP*
THIS IS AMAZING😂😂😂
PICKLE RIICK!!!!
No noob noob?
Oh geez
Totally worth the wait😂
Pickle Rick is a really shitty overused meme
FINALLy!
3:55 *heart attack*
Oh woah, you used one of my mods in this! Certainly wasn't expecting that. In anycase the video was great like usual.
Bro I gave u the idea on twitter on how to make pickle rick, @sexybutsingle I changed my profile recently but don't I get any credit
This is the dumbest and cringiest thing I've seen this year on YouTube.
this is fucking cringy
This is so creepy...
Can you do one on Mitch Hedberg's comedy?
Love Norm. Okay, can you watch The Vietnam War and do an essay on Ken Burns? Or not. I'll take a stab at it.
Norm has always been my favorite ever sense I was a kid
Now that was funny. (The punchline, not the video, though, that was enjoyable too.)
Thank you for introducing so many people to my favourite comedian! I love you!
This guy was a real jerk!
Thank you for putting me on to Norm MacDonald. So good!
I use norm jokes/lines in real life every chance I get. most the time people don't get it. I care not.
Come on man, when people say he doesn't give a fuck, what they mean is that he doesn't care about being politacally correct or simply that he cames out with the weirdest shit. What are you down syndrome?
Great video man, he is a singular comedian, something to add is that he improvises must off his long jokes and tries to find sparks of funniness in the way, but at the same time he has a beacon of safety of  jokes he thinked before if he loses the path in the way, love him man is like he jumps off a cliff everytime he starts saying something, and hope that his stream of consciousness gives him wings to dont crash in the pavement, but when he crashes is still hilarious.
That punchline at the end was worth it.
I didn't get Norm until he was explained to me in earnest tones with jaunty  background music. CHEERS MATE
This video was sponsored by Man Grate!
Hey can you do one of your videos on prison break? I would love to see how you interpret it.
Yeah, Norm tells too many shaggy dog stories to be truly funny. By the time he's done, I've lost interest and don't remember the setup enough to find the punchline funny. He does this because he's lazy. It's far easier to tell a half dozen or so shaggy dog stories and call it a comedy special than than to think up funny material worth our time. \n\nMost of his jokes are puerile in nature and are no better than a poor _Knock-knock joke._ He just takes it too far and stretches it into another of his shaggy dog stories that were much better left alone as Knock-knock jokes.
Norm Macdonald is totally polarizing. Love him. I was jerking punks off under the Queensboro Bridge until I found his work.
Do you work for vox?
I was following you until I saw sarah silverman on the comedy greats screen
The last few months I have become obsessed with Norm. and voila! a video which explains why he is so unique and why I am so drawn to his humor like a moth to a flame
he's nothing on stewart lee tho, brits do this sort of comedy far better
Thanks for shining a light on him for all us moths!
How about a video on Rick and Morty?
Man, your voice-overs are getting better! You sound more serious, and less like you want to be smooth or seductive.
Please do Rick and Morty!
Please do one on Stewart Lee... PLEASE EVAN!
I….don't see it.
You should do a video about Mitch Hedberg because he was a genius.
Never seen this channel before, but as a Norm fan and a nerd writer myself, I appreciate the coverage. New subscriber.
Please upvote this for Science [Serious]\nI am looking to fill up our quota for early testers for a Master your Humor Game project at Purdue Uni, that we are doing to further application of humor research. (can validate by .edu email if you are doubtful of trolling).\nThere is a lot being done there and it's not benefitting humans as it does to AI. Well to keep it simple, we all have worked hard on trying to make a game module that we think helps people tap into their inner funny in a fun way.\nIf you have a couple of minutes for 2-5 days we would love to have you test it out and give us a little feedback. Sign up at http://comuslabs.com/ -- Program starts 23rd Sept.\nGoogle Dr.Raskin if you still have doubts.
Strongly agree, on all points. \n\nI believe I recall watching one of his candid discussions (I believe with Letterman maybe?) where Norm's comedic personality was discussed and I recall it being mentioned that...to paraphrase...too many comics try to be intellectual but Norm understands...play the simpleton. Be the everyman. Because if the audience sees you trying to be the smartest person in the room, they're going to hate you.\n\nBut I believe, to anyone who investigates further and listens more closely, his brilliance becomes evident.
Am I the only one who remembered that JD used to tell this moth joke to a girl once in scrubs?
Never watch SNL but after watching this I definitely need to look him up!
That last joke stolen from Billy Connelly if I'm not mistaken.
backgrounds of red screens with yellow accents, McDonald analogy?
I DISAGREE completely, Norm Macdonald is NOT a funny man.
comedian tells long drawn out jokes, not pandering to different styles of comedy. WOW - way to stretch out 1 sentence into 8 minutes
I can definitely appreciate him and his craft more now, but yea, I don't think he's funny :(
I thought the video had something to do with McDonald's. And now I'm all hungry.
greatest of all time.
Huh, newfound respect for the way my Grandpa told jokes <3
Duh. What's next, a video on why Bob Dylan is an amazing songwriter? ...Oh wait...
This video was so brilliantly edited!
when uncle terry's been drinking... you don't fuck wit him
This video essay was excellently written and put together. Love Norm, love the video!
Love the red and yellow haha\n\nBut Im shocked to read a lot of comments that never heard of Norm
Nerdwriter - do you take requests? One of my favorite films is No Country for Old Men. ( I saw that ending coming, I swear I did!) I have my opinions about what it means, but I would love to hear your analysis.
I love this kind of long story telling humor.\n\nThere a guy that does his jokes like this.\nHe talk about the little things of his daily life. Then he start rambling and we end up forgeting what was the first point he was talking about, but that doesn't matter as his story telling mastery is to a point where although he end up making 4 hour long shows, every minute of it is an hysterical burst of laugh. \n\nThis kind of comedy is the best to me.\nIt require true skill to be able to pull this.
I just find out a great comic character i've never heard of ! :) Thanx Nerdie !
This video has changed my week so far.\nNorm really is a hidden gem, much like Stanhope.
in Norm Macdonald Live Sarah Silverman episode , she spotted Norm's wordplay and exposed it in a light way , part.1 minute 6:00 \n\nSarah really gets norm's comedy a lot more than everybody else
Norm would watch this video and completely disagree and say 'I'm just telling jokes man', he's awesome
Why do avoid a case study of the Mona Lisa ?
not my cup of tea. Like I get the jokes but the pay off is not worth the time I spent listening to it.
You should do a video on Stewart Lee
more canadian comics, they have ruled for years! jim carey?
This is a dude who nearly won $1,000,000 on Millionaire.
Where can I find that joke about the body
I'm so glad you uploaded this. Norm is one of my favorite comedians. I think his work, though underrated, is genius.
Love norm, like your vids, felt this was a weak one as i didnt really learn how/why norm is a genius past He's brilliant because he's smart. Just felt like a lot was left on the table. Maybe ill like it more when I come across it again in a year or two :)
Similar commitment to their own personal comedy: John Roderick and Merlin Mann
Please do a video about Stewart Lee.
This guy sounds just like Lagos Cargo
Maybe I'm one of the people who doesn't find him funny. Where's the joke
Could you do a video on howard stern?
I instantly recognized that the outtro music was a remix of mozarts requiem (lacrimosa) ^^
Wow. He just seems like an asshole
Wow. I went through that video for 7 minutes listening with mild amusement and thinking He really does sound like a comic genius, but one that isn't quite my taste. Then that last punchline hit me. It's taken me 10 minutes to stop laughing long enough to write this comment.
I like listen to you advertize to me sooooo much more than that Karly Kloss chick who uses WIX....and its easy to use and blah blah blah. Nerdwriter!
I _knew_ about Norm Macdonald but honestly had never seen his comedy. Thank you, again, Nerdwriter, for bringing something new (a perspective, an interest) into my life. I really like Norm's sense of humor, so now I've got to check out more. Where should I start - some comedy special, perhaps? I think I heard he has a podcast and I listen to podcasts daily so that might be an easy introduction.
Ah, the moth joke...one of my favorites.
RIP Norm. One of the greats.
I discovered that we don't have a similar sense of humour...
Norm is just ok. This video proved that.
I would love to hear your thoughts on Stewart Lee
Well... as a non american I didn't get any of his humour  :/
I know I dont like his style, because I didnt laugh at one thing in this video.
Thank you for this nerdwriter. Excellent analysis. Norm is one of the greats.
Not even being funny here but Norm MacDonald saved my life.  Read my heart-felt open thank you letter to him on twitter @bonkers_doozy
I'm so glad I found this video. I didn't know norm. Now I love him
Norm MacDonald is like cringe comedy without comedy. Just cringe
I guess I have a different sense of humor cause I didn't even giggle at this guys jokes. To each their own
Learned nothing apart from the fact that Norm MacDonald exists
My coworkers brother worked for snl and said that norm had a habit of pissing in empty beer bottles around his apartment. It was common knowledge that if you were at norms apartment you should never put your beer down.
Norm is a genius.  Well made.
Why am I watching a video on Norm Macdonald when I can watch brokeback mountain and watch a cock slip into some guys hot beautiful asshole
Stewart Lee?
Great vid Nerdwriter!
Thank you
#NormGod
Dude relax it's just norm Mcdonald
9/11
I LOVE Norm.
Phil Hartman, I dare you.
OMG i love this.
Please do Patrice O'Neal
So fucking boring.
Jim Jeffries
Yea, he seems okay, I think I still prefer Amy Schumer
Monty Python next?
Ugh. Norm MacDonald sucks.
I love your accent, I need it as an app on my phone that delivers bad news cause it's so calming!\n\nI remember going to a conference once and they got 20 of us round in a circle to share ideas of how a certain idea could be improved. There was a girl using a BSL interpreter to communicate and the general lack of awareness from most of the group (although I'm sure they didn't mean it) was bothering me.\n\nIt was one of those conversations where one person would stop talking and then somebody would immediately jump on their point as soon as they stopped speaking and the combo of not knowing when to speak and trying to pay attention to her interpreter basically meant that this girl wasn't really getting a chance to say anything. At one point I managed to make an opening for her (Is there anything you'd like to add?) but it made me appreciate how difficult that situation must be when trying to get involved.
Hi dear, do you find it harder to lip-read foreigners, who don't usually talk English?
I feel like a convo between the two of us in any public place would be a comedic disaster 😂😂😂 With my autism, I get overwhelmed easily, can't separate background noise from conversations I'm in, and can get really spacey (it's actually a mild dissociation to protect myself). This also leads to me starting and not finishing sentences, suddenly forgetting I'm being spoken to, and completely losing track of a conversation 😬 I feel like our spouses would just be sitting there like what are they even doing?! Do THEY even know?! 😂
Is it rude to tap deaf people on the shoulder to get their attention? I've just made friends with somebody who's deaf and wasn't sure whether that was the best way to involve her in a conversation when she's sat in her own world?
Learning key signs and the alphabet goes a long way! I'm hearing but I'm learning ASL and I used to attend a deaf club where hearing people could go to practice with HOH and deaf people and knowing basics signs/the alphabet was a saving grace.\n\n(Also now, I'm learning BSL because of you!! 💙)
Your sass makes this video! I never thought to give facial expressions to my voice to express my tone or attitude. Very informative wonderful video!
Great video Jessica. All I will add is that if people do some of the ruder points then I'm not sure I'd call them friends... I can't believe someone would actually cover their mouth for example and ask if you can hear them now! I suppose they're they same people who would take the mickey out of someone who stutters. 😕
I relate so much! I love your sassiness girl <3
I want to learn to sign so much!
These were really great tips! (Also #12 made me giggle.  Tone is something that wouldn't have occured to me, but it makes total sense).
gosh, youre so beautiful!! i love your style!!
Also I'd like to say I love that you sign along in your videos. I've been wanting to learn BSL for so long and binge watching your channel has gotten me further than anything else so far!
Do you have a name sign Jessica?
Your voice is so down darn calming I love it
I'm getting major Dorothy (Wizard of Oz) vibes from this outfit! Loving it! ❤️  Also, I can't believe people actually do this stuff. But your reactions to their ignorance are great. especially the crutch example.
I love these tips so much, thank you for sharing! You are a doll! ❤️❤️
I am very lucky to not be fully deaf. I have moderate-profound hearing loss in my right ear and mild-moderate loss in my left ear. Its much lonelier than a lot of people realize. On my first day of college last week our tutor decided it would be a great idea to split us into pairs and talk to each other as a way to get to know other people in the class except when everyone was talking at the same time there was so much noise that I couldn't distinguish one voice from another and so I couldn't communicate with anyone. I was the loneliest person in that room. \nAlso I have almost become intolerant of people who insist on speaking to me softly even though they know I'm deaf and I'm already on my third 'what?'
Hi 👋🏻 Jessica that is really good things too know! I learnt a little sign language on a 10week course so I know a little but it's great to pick up signs from your videos too! Looking forward to your videos next week too! ☺️x
Thank you, Jessica, this is very helpful. Glad to know a notebook or cellphone might ease communication. Eye contact and heightened facial expression are good ideas. Can't believe some people 'test' your hearing by covering their lips - so rude.
You're an amazing person. Thank you for this incredibly informative video. It's really helpful and important!
Once again NZ is backwards to the rest of the world - our week of the deaf is in May. Im actually curious how you would deal with someone like me who stammers (or goes completely non-verbal at times) due to some of my mental health issues. Me and My ex used to spend a lot of time speaking through text because of it, and its why I started learning NZSL.
This is so incredibly useful! I especially appreciated the bit about it not being rude to pull out your phone and communicate that way if necessary. I might be hesitant to do that, afraid of offending someone, so it was good to know that you consider it perfectly fine. Also, I hadn't been aware that International Week of the Deaf was approaching, so thank you for drawing attention to it!
Plz plz plz check out my bsl videos it would mean the world to me I have a cover on my channel xx
I start my sign language class in two weeks and I can't wait!
Love all your videos! Relate so much to this... 5 is the worst, people will always whisper and ask if I can hear it. I have never thought of 9 but I always get a little sad after I have asked twice and they just give up. Like no I just can't hear you but I would love to know what you actually said having them use their phone will be very helpful.
Hello, I don't know any deaf people,  but useful things to know for when I do.\nIn other news,  my sponge rollers and lotta body arrived today. Tonight is the night. Wish me luck, I shall need it!! 😂💪🦄
Does Claudia know how to sign, Jessica? If you don't mind me being cheeky...what is sign for the bog? 😜 Happy International Week of the Deaf!
Thank you so much for today's topic, can relate to every item you spoke of. I sometimes do so well acting hearing ( like you, I do the hearing behavior without thinking) people forget I don't hear, and if I do not hear them then they think I am not paying attention( grrrr). Someone knowing a few important signs is wonderful! I have a question -  When you speak a word incorrectly, do your hearing friends ever correct you? If so how do you respond to this? Thank you again for sharing your list.
I say things in the wrong tone too and offend others without realizing it, but it's because I grew up in two different cultures. I also love some good gossip once in a while,  haha. I think you should make a video of some of these wrong tone incidences you've had in the past!
I love your videos! Growing up in had a friend (sarah) who was deaf and I got a basic sign language book and it was a great bonding experience with Sarah and she taught me games like writing a word on each other's back with our finger and guessing what the other wrote just by what we felt. I really learned a lot from her. I was in a sport with her and as we got older she moved away and life went on. Wish we had kept in touch. You are doing a great job educating people on what the world is like for you and how most of all you just want to be included. I hate that you get the some of the responses you do. But keep up the good work and I wish you and your wife all the best!!!!
I absolutely love your personality 😄
This is so interesting, i wouldn't have thought of these things! At least now i know what to do when i meet someone who is deaf :) thanks!
Love your smile.
Great points 🌸🌹🌼
Great to know!!
This is really good for other people who have friends who are deaf or who work with them I've started my BSL level 1 and both teachers are deaf so these tips are going to be really helpful for when I'm communicating with them and any deaf people I meet xxx
The sound keeps cutting in and out and I don't know if there's an ironic issue with my phone or with YouTube or if it's part of the point of this video... 🤔
I hoping to start my level 3 Signature course next month. Will have to be online as my local college only goes up to level 2. I'm in Cornwall and the closest 3 course is Bristol or Wales 😩
Typical brit problem; I can't tell when you're being sarcastic! Feel free to use your phone (you arse), yes please!.
Thank you for this video! As a spouse of a deaf person this covers a lot of what I am constantly telling other people about my hubby.
jacksfilms hater
https://youtu.be/82nr6d0S4gk
Trending baby!!
god dammit
*MUST*\n*MAKE*\n*THINNER*
Lol so good hhaha
HAHAHAHAHA fuck the shitty iphone. Everyone roasting the shit of it.
Soooooo true
I am dying laughing
Exactly lol
🤣
So good..
fuck you, jack... just fuck you.. i spewed out my drink on that parody.
I'm surprised you didn't mention the facial recognition fail during the conference.
Can't wait to reenact the emoji movie while I live under the free way and go to Starbucks for the free wifi.
Vin Diesel has three of these already
You can't and afford it😂😂
#nooneisgoingtogethatgame\n\nWhat is the point of displaying a crappy ass game like that, they only went on their for potential downloads that’s not gonna happen
Next thing you know it they won't have a charging port and when your phone dies you have to pay the same price for it again
How the fuck do you access siri
So this is what our technology has gotten us.. A fricken emoji phone 😂😂😂
With the money i can also get a galaxy note 8 or s8, literally i phone x attempted to copy the infinity display, samsung had most of the features 2 years ago that just got released on iphone x
Wow, it has a bigger forehead than Jack.
Steve has been turning in his grave since the day he died
Or recreate the Emoji Movie ...I already did ;)
You just killed me
wow face id\njust like windows hello like 5 years ago
*HEY BRO CAN I BORROW YOUR EMOJI MACHINE?*
Lol
It should be Applex Phonx
hahhahahahahaha
xD
Hey guys\nSub to me and I'll sub back\nHave a nice day ❤️❤️❤️
Please choose a way to pay for your new iPhone X:\n- Credit\n- Debit\n- Kidney
if i want to break into the iphone x just grab your phone when your sleeping put phone in face and ta-da i can do what ever i want\n\n\n\npass
Pixel 2 destroyed this fcking iphone
Totally hillarious 😂😂
😂
Lawl, the PC I am building is $1,170 and it is easily 100x more powerful sporting a GTX 1060 6GB and a Ryzen 5 1600.  And a phone now costs that much... this is the future?
1:03
I'm not donating my organs. If you die after buying the iPhone X, then that's your fault.
Totally sold me. ROTFL.
Lol
So true
Iphone XD
iPhone XDē
LMAO
1 lakh de ke talking Tom jaisa chudiyapa.
HOLY SHIT I JUST GOT IPHONE X 0 DOLLAR \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvMc4mw2i_A
Lol
In Australia the X is 1.5k
They made the iPhone X so that people would hate on it and get the iPhone 8 instead.
Apple is way better then Samsung
Go bankrupt or bye the new iPhone
The end😂😂😂😂
Hum it was kinda funny.
🤣😂🤣 love this video
Why do people keep saying faceid  on Samsung can be fooled by anyone. I mean if someone is gonna take in the effort to print a picture of me just to unlock my phone u have a serious problem lmao. Plus faceid  concept is crap.  I don't use it on my s8 nor will I use it if I get the X. Pin is still the best way. Or if you have s8 the finger print scanner 😚
I feel like Apple's going to exit the world of making mobile phones because X + 8 = exit!
that last one got me loooool
Win The New iPhone X\nhttps://free-iphonex.blogspot.com/
died at the webpage think
Order of things that are going to be taken away\n\n\n1 headphone jack\n2 home button\n3 volume button (probably gonna be swippin to change volume)\n4 power button ( probably do a gester to turn it on)\n5 speaker/ mic (always wear apple earbuds)\n6 take out metal (make everything glass)\n7 take out hardware (Bluetooth it)\nSkip a few numbers\nLast iPhone will be just a piece of glass with a screen and Bluetooth gear, camera in apple headband and earbuds with mini flashlight on them and the only way to charge it is in the apple pants
Next iPhone would let you play Half Life 3 and it would cost 3000$
Well I guess what Rick beato said was true, apples good if you like shit
When mission impossible no longer needs to scan that dudes face. Cause they just get it from apple.
Why is this so god damn true and funny at the same time?
Basically if you don't buy the ten your not a true apple fan
The radio station I listen to reacted to this.\n\nWhy.
Can someone tell me at least one thing that Jobs wanted and they did not do it  ?
What if the Arabians use Face-ID?
I was directed here by Google Allo
👈 Click here to Get FREE! Smasung Galaxy Note 8 📱GIVEAWAY🎁
Why is no one talking about the undertones of Nazism in the Emoji Movie?
My only question, what happened to the iPhone 9?
Was that even Parody ? o.0
If Samsung made a new flagship phone with a huge notch like that apple fans would be laughing...
Wow wait one minute, are you saying this phone lets you be a.....emoji. My god we truly are in the future now ladies and gentlemen, all I need now is a emoji MMO and my life will be complete.
No headphone port = NO MONEY FOR YOU!
*Lol, when iTards call their jewelry “a milestone”.* Sorry, but Nokia had better smartphones before the shitty iPhone. It had actual features, a camera, 3G, 3D audio APIs, a freaking _file manager,_ SSH and scripting, and a copy-paste button! Oh, and an actual keyboard. All the iPhone had, was “Ooh, teh shiny!”. Which is appropriate for something that is not a computer, but jewelry, I guess. Then the iDiot came along, and acted like he “invented” all of it, and did so first! Ripping off everyone else _yet again!_ Just like with the Xerox Alto that he copied the Mac from.\nAnd because Microsoft panicked, and installed the Steven Elop mole in Nokia, to murder it from the inside, before their Linux-based glorious N900-line phones were finished, Nokia died a death as miserable as Windows Phone and iOS combined. Yay!\nFucking power of the passive-thinking retards! This is why actual democracy is a bad thing.
Let's be honest here \nThe iPhone 7 and iPhone X are just useless
They basically made a phone with a screen smaller than the Plus versions, without a home button/finger print censor. And added a facial recognition that is so secured that the guy demonstrating fail to unlock on stage.
You're welcome for MY life juice
*in the year 3000* here's our new iphone M X available now for *100,000*
Hhahahhahhaha so truueeee couldn't of said it better
I cannot describe how fking amazing this video is jack you are a freaking legend! I'll say it now and I'd say it again this is the best video on YouTube 5 of my friends have rewatched it several times.
If the new IPhone X had a headphone jack and more useful features unlike the fucking 3DS VR game, I'm sure most people would be happy to buy it. Also the price should have been $699 atleast.
You Can't.  Afford it😂
COULD THIS BE MORE ACCURATE
The worst part is that it’s true..,
iPhone Se , iPhone X
1000$ emoji machine😁
iPhone Xpensive
iDiots.
Well that phone sounds like shit, better go out and buy one.
Take your iphone 7, AND THROW IT IN THE GARBAGE
Hyped for the emoji movie 2 3d emoji's on the the 1000$ emoji machine
burnn 🔥🔥🔥🔥 the most savage video ive ever seen
Next thing they take away is gonna be the screen.  *And mark my words, PEOPLE WILL BUY IT!*
What I hate is how dead on the money you are
It's a child. There is no place for hatred here.\n\n\nYou people are disgusting.
why is this trending again??
*A summary of this comments section:*\n\nBlack men: fuck you filthy bed wench!!!\nWhite people: fuck you ugly chimp baby!!!\nBlack people: fuck you mutant neanderthal baby!!!\nCommon youtube scum: this is the work of the jews!!!\n\n\n\n\nI don't want to live in this world anymore.
Why is this trending?
These two are so cute together. Beautiful family.
I don't consider myself politically correct, but even I can see this planet has reached a sick, sick state when even a newborn baby can't be protected from racism. I feel so helpless that I can't stop these goddam hate comments. I hope she never sees them one day.
Congrats to you and your family new member 😍😂😎😇👶
I don't understand why there is hate because of a baby being born. So what if two different races want to have a child I mean it's not your child so screw off with your opinions and nonsense. Congrats by the way.
100 % fake. Sir Rena is a man.
Aww... this is a really sweet video. Congrats.
Awww....I'm so happy for them!!!
I bet $20 that is is just some type of 4chan raid.
While playing the videos YouTube is not working\nGive me any suggestions
This is such a cute video :)
The white race slowly disappearing....\nGood....goooood....\nAll according to plan
How to ensure your child gets bullied
What a beautiful understated video of your memories, thank you for sharing it is lovely to watch someone as awesome as you and your partner take delight in same simple things every parent does ie dad always takes credit for building cot lol....after the mum has put it on his list and yep we have all practiced swaddling dog/cat at least yours was size appropriate mine was a Lassie sized dog, a bed sheet did the job. I can guarantee you will look at it over years and all emotions will hit you and tears will flow in a good way. Congratulations only advice sleep when baby sleeps and if someone offers to watch/hold her when at home take chance to get bath/shower in peace and it is guests job to make tea/coffee not yours. Enjoy as time will fly past :) x
the vertical video gave me cancer
Congratulatiobs guys on your new born baby.
Welcome to this world Alexis! We share the same birthday! ❤️
Why do Italians put they're trash in clear trash bags?\n\n\nSo Puerto Rican's can go window shopping.
most beautiful couple and baby i cry. i cryin
So you call them your name? Really? That's almost a disgrace.
As someone who is mixed I am actually shocked some people in the comments can be this ignorent
Can someone please tell me why this video has so many views?
If she is a feminist...
I'm just gonna watch it again
There is officially more comments saying stop being racist than ones that are racist
This comment section has so much retardation
Babylon is falling!!! Time to get right with the Creator! Shalom♥
Beautiful. \nDon't let the racists get to you. We all know there's a lot of adults out there that still have some growing up to do.
Aww she's adorable!!!😱Welcome to the world little Alexis!❤️
This isn't my fucking bag Get the fuck out of here
What is wrong with you guys?! Why would you dislike this
The 4K that disliked this are people who were going to like but accidentally pressed the dislike button and didn't realise
Who are these people, what so good about this vid?
very nice bro
/r/babies
Serena Williams = cute \nAlexis ohanian = cute \nRelationship = cute \npuppies = cute \nAlexis Olympia ohanian Jr. = cute\nfamily = fucking cute \n\nguys they are the cutest family ever
Congrats 🙏🏿💯
Omg she is beautiful!!!
Magic video!
https://media.giphy.com/media/3rgXBQBQyt98Dvh1sI/giphy.gif
Are transformers transgender
PLEASE START A VLOG CHANNEL
Congrats on your beautiful baby girl!
Congrats !! Beautiful baby 🍼🍼and family
She's beautiful. Congratulations!
Awwwwwwwwwwwwww
Wow congrats 🍾 !! So happy 😁
Based Race Mixing
Looks like Serena Williams
what a mouthful name
Omg shes perfect 😍😍😍
Ok?
Catergory: Science and Technology
Hi
Irma gerd.
HelloThere
I Love this love
Congratulations!
Congratulations, guys. 💞 🎾🎾🖱🖱
This is fucking beautiful life being created, happiness existing, but why do y'all got to be so damn fucking aggressive damn like is there any actual reason to hate besides the fact that you want attention, or to troll, or because you were raised to see this as wrong, every one dislikes something but there's no need to be aggressive about it and blowing up the comment section doesn't help when the comment you make has been stated fifteen times already
Ew, race mixing.
damn that name is shitty as fuck
Sis it's a coon with a white!!disgusting
Im gonna sell her on redit\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJk xD
N I G G E R
Hahahahaha men can't have babies!! Lying to the world. Salvation is coming, he's the only one who gives children and I bet he didn't give you any! Liars and their moon bumps hahahahaha
Lol its gonna be a mixed race cofee colour piece of shit
I'm not getting what the big deal is here.  Are not 95% of couples equally ecstatic about their pregnancy?  Are either of these parents-to-be celebrities?  If so, how?  What exactly is the hullabaloo about this couple?
Is that Serena Williams?
Omg idk you guys but this is the sweetest video ever. You can see the love between them. Happy for them❣️ what a beautiful couple💗💗
Why tf does the thumbnail have Reddit people on it
Too bad the baby's half a nigger
Gross.
Congratulations Serena and Alexis on your bundle of joy.. She is beautiful.. Can't wait to see your wedding
White and blacks can have kids together. What's up with that? It's not wrong
Dirty fucking race mixer
One question.........Who are these people? (No offense i don't have socail media)
This had thumbnail of reddit...has nothing to do with reddit *DISLIKES*
How could you make a baby with her? I mean, she is famous yes, but ugly af.
Nigger
THAT BABY is sUoooooooo UNIQUE!!!!! YOU SHOULD NAME HER WHITE GENOCIDE!!!!!
Grossssssssssss
Hope your baby is still born you race traitor.
yo she iss sooo phucking ugly yo
I'm surprised it didn't come out with a penis considering how much anabolics the momma monkey does.
Race mixed
YES! The Earth is FLAT.
I'm seeing a bunch of comments about racist comments but I'm not seeing any racist comments rn
Mixed breed, I suggest you take it out and kill it.
Cuck
Well..the baby has 2 dads
Darkness everywhere...
Nigger
How can a man and a gorilla have a baby?
baby nigger
Ugly mix race baby
Awwww! My birthday was on the 15! Can you guess how old I am now?!
I remember when SNL made fun of Lana. Damn. Now, she kills it with her unique style and that voice. Much respect.  \n ---   Self Plug   ---  I make music on my channel guys. Any love goes a long way. Peace my friends
Does white mustang mean penis?  Does she like horse riding?
Have a look at what I write on anasmobeen.wordpress.com \nHope you like it! Good'day!
the car wasn't even a mustang... fail
Curt is that you
Anyone else bummed that there isn't an ACTUAL white Mustang in this video?
Wow❤️watch reggaeton lento remix and power by little mix you won't regret it💜💜
It' no is Lana.
Camera shadow in the window on left 0:19
I feel like this is dedicated to G-Eazy
lana, you're so cool! always love you <3
U are all art 🎶💞
for some reason Lana really knows how to get the dark side of my heart beating
omg.. is it about gerald ?..
She is beyond a work of art
........still waitnin for someone to tell me \n''Couldn't stop the way I was feeling \nThe day I saw your white Mountain bike
your wife must stink
Me encantaaa, esta Mujer❤️😍😍
Lana del Bae ❤️
AAA eu amo essa mulher
IM DEAD
Why 5 million???((((i wont 500 000 000
he looks like axel rose
This guy looks alike Axl Rose!
BAR
BR <3
yes
Mustangs kill people
'your wife must stank'
*Please make a Collab with LoFang*
A REAL QUEEN
She’s so dope🖤
Beautiful
beaitiful best american record ❤
<3
I love herrrrrr❤️❤️❤️🤘🏽
Girrrrllll That booty tho 0:43
Lanas music literally gives me chills...
queen ❤
Darn.. ..the guy looks like Kurt Cobain
LANA DEL SLAY!!!!!!💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 yes I'm unoringal
este video debio terminar a los 2:47 ---de ahí hacia el final NADA!!!
Lana Del Rey ♥♥♥♥ amei o vídeo. ..
He reminds me a little of Axl Rose.Great song and video.
Lana is good singer!
What a sensual woman
sing truth and about new era... but don't disappear like George Michael . ❤️
This song Is legit soo good
So... 💕
U wanna see my BLACK MUSTANG?? IYKWIM
10% naked women\n5% sexual stuff\n85% talent
i will marry her
Dramatical and emotional and IMPRESSING!!! U did good thing Queen
Follow me\nhttps://www.instagram.com/jaykolimusic/
we just wanted to have when the world was at the war we kept dancing in this video, but she changed her mind...there is just 2 videos more about Lust for life...herion and get free...at frist she fly to the moon and get free :) hope U like it xdxdxs
CHERRY AS THE NEXT SINGLE 🍒
😍😍
😴
Sees mustang in the title, immediately clicks.
I love it so much ♥ one of your best videos! I hope you will make more retro futuristic videos cause i really love them ♥♥♥
wow, she really did THAT. legends only, your faves could never.
this song should be more longer like a half an hour 😄
Purple Lambo, White Mustang, Green Prius
For some reason I got the vibe she was only part of his imagination lol
Love song . Lana del rey♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
ITS ONLY 24 SECONDS IN BUT IM ALREADY CRYING
FUCKIN' queen
I wanna hug this song
There is some sort of magic in her songs
I love it but I keep thinking it's Taylor from Foo Fighters lmao
BR?♡
omg he's not old
Can't have some white dude play the Spanish conquistador bruh
her voice 😍😍😍😘😘😘
Who hear sentences of Get Free at 3:27 ?
Best American Record music video is amazing😍
She's so beautiful and I think I'm not
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
I love that they used a small snippet of her song Get Free towards the end of the video when it shows the asteroid flying overhead.
Lana Lana tell me what it is tell me what it is..... Tell me why you are so amazing....
This sounds like heroine 😭
Nice song
*Grammy !*
So pretty
❤
I will always love Lana!
Did she reupload this? It sounds different, especially the later instrumental part, I like the older version better
She should do a song with goyte
Where the f*ck is the Mustang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL3YYAfk_mM
Still soo gorgeous and heart touching as day one
Check out my beats
Even in the future she's still Lana.
Where are U,Bradley ?....:)
I love you Lana
I thought she died
Lana my lover
I made a music video singing and playing white mustang. Tell me what you think about it !\n\nhttps://youtu.be/SLgOQ2lxTvA
Follow me on instagram. @gersontellz if you like lana del rey 😍
Listening to this while riding my Mustang 🤦🏻‍♂️💙
He's the guy buffets hate
Theres A chick a Facebook i just watched before i stumbled apon this Video She finshed everything in 6 mins and took Matt stonie 5:30 mins Id have to say and the Chick could beat Matt stonie No Problem!
FUCKING TELL US HOW YOU DON'T GAIN WEIGHT. DO YOU GO FUCKING WORK OUT AFTERWARDS OR SOMETHING???
This is epic eating @5:31
Your mouth is a black hole dude!!!!
Way to go Toad!!!!!!
How does he not have diabetes jfc
I AM NOT HUNGRY!!:)
I enjoy your videos. Do you think you'll change to do some mukbang videos? Where you eat and answer questions from your fans? That would be cool.
Watching this guy devour the whole 4 Big Macs made my jaw hurt.
Eat every flavor cheesecake from the cheesecake factory
Do all u can eat buffet with Morgan
Please don't have a heart attack,and I hope u don't cuz I want to see more of these awesome food eating vids,keep up the good work(I eat my food fast and too much,u eat more and ur faster,how are u not far but I am😳😲😧😯😬???)
It's so crazy how much his jaw line has changed.
This makes me be proud to be an American 🙂
How is this even safe
Live cali and in San Jose so I could meet u
children in Africa could have eaten all these big mac anf fries and probably him if too hungry ! just saying ! dont get offended!
Matt has a stomach of steel \n\nCan we call him steel stomach stonie
This is where food and a recording device gets you
And I only weigh 83 pounds
I can't even eat half a big mac. Too much processing.
I can't even finish half my burger in 5 min.
This guys a animal
Idk why I still watch his videos while I’m high lol I always get super hungry
Has he done the Cheesecake Factory challenge where u eat all the cheesecakes @ Cheesecake Factory? 😋
If u want to I am not forcing u
Do a video with furious pete like so he will see
You should try the 14 lb burger challenge again!  From 2013 I just watched it and I think you would definitely take it down under an hour!
What about a jimmy Johns or subway or some kind multiple sub challenge with a bunch of different types of subs
You should re-do your ramen challenge!
How do you work it off?
My son told me about you and couldn't believe him !!!
he wouldve got a heart attack if these woulda been real on god
any cajun food like a red beans and rice challenge would be so dope. love your vids man!
U gonna be fat as fuck later on and I can't even imagine the shit u jus took in ya bathroom
GO AND REDO THE 14 lb burger
nice job. you don't need a laxative now.
How does he burn all these calories every week..................and how does he not have diabetes yet
You are the champion of earth when it comes to speed eating, congrats 👍
https://youtu.be/vG-vqCAsNK8 check that out! i think u could do that easily!
How fast can you eat a slam burger from Denny's
I eat my food like i treat my women with respect
Hi this is Matt 👦\nHe's very hungry 1 like = 1 Big Mac
My nigga here eats more food in a day than the entire population of Africa eats in a month
he can easily shave off 30 seconds
Ur not fat but you will lose teeth probally...
E X T R A  T H I C C 1:24
Megatoad, you should eat the fries like you did in the happy meal video.
How are you not fat sir
how are you not fat???????????????????????????? loolll
HOW DID U NOT DIE
girls would be eating all that and still be like im hungry
Boi, double that and limit me to 30 mins.\n\nMay be impossible to anyone else. \nBUT MAN I'LL DO IT IF YOU DO!
only 4 big macs? i eat 4 every few days . but i admit i only get 1 fry but im not full after them. not a big deal
How are you not in a diabetic coma?
How the fuck did u do that ? Eat so much and be skinny at the same time ?
I can eat one Big Mac in that time
How did he not die of a heart attack?
This makes me feel like if I binge or something hahaha
It would take me 6 minutes to drink that milkshake tbh
the only thing though, is those fries look like medium fries and not large fries, they rip you off on fries
I just gained 50 Pounds watching this! HOLY CRAP!
how the fuck are you not fat
You should try the white castle challenge from the movie Harold and Kumar go to white castle. 30 sliders 5 large fries and 4 large cokes.
If he post it he did it
Who the hell is this guy!!!!He eats this much as has a jawline???!!!!
If you ever take a girl for a date on a restaurant. Don't go for a challenge, it could jeopardize her appetite.
Fffff u im hungry
Plz do a eating prisoners last meals video
I didn't get notifications :(
Your dentist must be tired of seeing you
youre the best wow
Rip his toilet
That was insane!!
How tf, your shits must fill the bowl lmao
Respect
How do you burn dem calories
Most Falafel eaten in 1 minute! :D
THAT WAS FUCKEN BAD ASS! DUSTED THAT BITCHES TIME!
Candy corn
anybody else get really fucking hungry watching this?
Nice moustache 😂
Looks healthy
Matt Stonie try jollibee plz!!
Wow
I hear it's awesome for your health.
how u stay in shape when u eat all this
I bet he eat the booty like groceries.
matt go to 14lb burger challange back bro and do it under 1 uar soory for spelling im from german
for all those wondering why hes not fat, well he probably works out and doesn't eat this shit everyday you lazy fat fucks!
that cough at 1:51 lol you could see in his eyes he thought he was gonna puke
then eat it
Fake
😱DAMN
TU TAH ENFELMO
Do the GIANT GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH challange
Do cheeseballs
I subbed and liked.
I don't understand why they can't just fuckin enjoy their meal instead of eating like porcs
who sings along to her songs everday? like if u do:)
You are really cool
You know what she sounds like? She sounds like Sia ❤ :3
please read.\nhi  i just wanted to say. i pretty much just saw u singing and... oh my god .. you have a voice of an angels.. and the personality you have is just..amaizing, its been my dream to preform .....to sing and play my guitar to my own original songs....and i just so happen to be on youtube when your name popped up.....seeing u sing on stage.... made me believe that you can do anything u set your mind to. i dont know if your reading this...i dont know if youll reply.....but i think we could be great friends some day....and if you dont want to friends ....i understand heh .. AAAnyways... your talented .. EXTREMELY and dont let anyone tell you otherwise. ^_^
I just herd about you and you are amazing!!!!!!!
Back at it again with an amazing video
Amazing voice and amazing songs <3 love from Tunisia <3 <3
Guess what...?\n\n\n\n\nCHICKEN BUTT!
she's too talented,she's amazing💜only two years older than my brother omg
Is that Colleen at 0:33??
She is just.. a little Sia\nI love her songs!
Not the Next Sia or Taylor Swift, but the First Grace VanderWaal. ☺
U are amazing grace, so inspiring and such a good artist. I live in New Zealand and even here I hear about you.
You have gone so far baby \nWho else thinks she looks like Taylor swift but her attitude is certainly not like snobby Taylor snakes she is an angle and amazing
i love you grace!
Gosh I love this girl so much...
You are a 12 year old making songs about how bullying is not allowed while some other cough olderpeople cough are sitting at home whatchin netflix
Youre a lil ball of sunshine. Dont ever change. Need to find a way to get your album shipped to Sri Lanka! \nSo much love!
I have become a fan of you ever since you auditioned on AGT. Ever since then I have listened to every song and all I can say is that I am so proud of you Grace. I am your age, and your music has helped me get through a hard time, and I hope to get to meet you one day! Love, Ana! :)
Your voice is so sweet
Second I saw u on stage I said u will become something
Seeing this, I know that Grace is going to do wonderful things. So might even become the next Taylor Swift ❤\n#Fanderwaal
And dont forget, its better if you take a break of music(if it takes to much place you life) than waiting for it to be to much to handle, tip: dont make you suffer from music, music is here to make u feel good
Grace! You are amazing! The presonality you have is so precious. Thanks for being you in every step. Jesus is so pleased with everything that you do. You have inspired me to learn play  ukulele))))\nGo on! The best is yet to come! With love from Ukraine.
I'm so proud to be a fucking FanderWaals💜💜
Yes girl! Your going to go even farther!
Guess what \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI don't know 😐😜
Why r u saying thank you to us??? we should be saying thank you to YOU, for creating such beautiful music! like seriously you are doing awesome! keep going!!!
of course this is just the beginning because there are many more amazing things to come in your way good luck and i am always with you
Damn she should do ASMR because her voice is soothing
This is gonna be the first CD I'll ever buy - I just want to support you. <3 Go, Grace!
M name is Grace as well
please don't broke with the fame and the money\n\n\n\n\ngood luck
the best kid of the year
Hungry? For Tamales? Sub to me
when concert in Poland ?
what is she tryin' at minute 0:36? xD
Thank you grace for sharing ur talent with us and your beautiful songs thank u for being an I inspiration
dude someday this girl is gonna play on a big time radio station
I love you grace ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡ you are awesome
Grace I'm so happy for you and with everything you've accomplished! Ever since I first saw you on America's Got Talent, I knew how great of a person you were and continued to root for you until the very end, when you won!😀😀 I get so excited whenever you make new songs and listening to them makes me happy and makes me remember the great things about myself too!😁 Keep on doing the things you love and meeting amazing people Grace! You can do it you beautiful thing!💞💞💖💖😀😀😀😀💗💗💗
Grace, unlike a lot of the artist, yours is true, real, and makes my heart jump out of my chest. ❤️Nothing But Love❤️
I can't wait for the album!! :D
Grace you inspire me soooo much!!! You have come so far and... idk I'm just so happy tor you and everything you have accomplished! Plus, your singing and songwriting skills are amazing and I would love to meet you someday!
I'm here since your first audition and I will be here until the end💜
I can't wait!!!! You're amazing!!!
So glad I am 21 and I know what's GOOD MUSIC. So happy being in the beginning of your world fame!
I'm so proud of her and I want to be like her but obviously I can't so ill be here watching you grow\nILYSM GRACEEEEE
look out world there's a little musical storm brewing out there called Grace.
Grace is really getting big 😊😊😊 Her normal life completely changed and she's getting more famous by the day... I loved her from the beginning 🔆❤💫 her unique character inspired me to make ukulele videos recently.. Check em out if you want
Grace i want to be your fren!!!
I love your songs
I absolutely adore you, Grace. ❤❤❤ \n*forces classmates to stand up and clap*
#Fanderwaal is actually such a good fan name
I love you Grace thanks for keeping your music clean and simply amazing!!
im not crying you are
We will support you Grace <3 Exlpore!
Can't wait for the album to be out!!
Grace you are so inspiring and well beyond your year's  wise. You have the best parents that make you shine through in your personality  and just know how to tell the world how to handle other people who are bullies.   Never stop believing in your dreams and life possibilities.
i just love you, you are amazing
#FanderwallForever❤❤❤❤
Grace your awesome ur so inspriring
Eu sou brasileiro e sou seu fã você
Your amazing
You're amazinggggg keep it up ilyy❤❤
u give me sia vibes
I love you
Goosebumps all over
#GraceVanderwalFanClub
Love this ❤️❤️
GRACE VANDERWAAL YOU ARE AMAZING!!!
I love you @grace
I love you💐💜💙💚💛💓💗💖
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ love her
Awww ilysfm ur amazing!!!
Puedes hacer una canción. En español seria fabuloso . Ojala algún dia te pueda conocer soy tu. Fans 1 eres genial.......
What about SCHOOL?!
Iam vander
~CHICKEN BUTT~
what an actual angel
Omgg!!! Congrats for your new album #GraceVanderwaal #JustTheBeginning
Your are so loveable
Grace😭😭😭😭
Mi inspiración ❤️
#bestsongin2017
I love this
Phenomenal
I love youuu😭😭💜💜💜💜
I couldn't resist! https://vgy.me/ftcxaz.jpg
I love you 😘
PROUD
amazing Grace💟
good job #grace good Job #GOODJOBGRACE
❤
You are brilliant i love your songs ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🎼🎶🎵🎵🎶🎶🎵🎵🎶🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵🎵🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵
How old is this gurl?○-○
Grace , i want to just tell you that i honestly love you from the bottom of my heart ❤️. I can't imagine what the world would be like without you and your incredible voice & ukulele skills . My dream is to meet you and i really hope it does happen soon ! I can't believe you have made it this far in your singing career , when i am older i want to become a singer like you & write my own songs like you too!! I have been a fan ever since day one of your audition at agt and i have to say that i am just so amazed by how incredible your voice was and also just how far you've made it . Couldn't be any more prouder than i already am today 😀. Just keep being you Grace and just keep on making all of us happy , continue to keep a smile on your beautiful face. Love you so so so much , you are my idol & you are like my best friend 🤞🏼. #FanderWaalSinceDayOne #GraceVanderWaal #LoveYou #KeepBeingYou . Could this get like 1.1k likes please for supporting Grace VanderWaal and if you love her then please like this too !
Grace, i'm a fan of yours. I enjoyed mostly every single song that you wrote. But there's something bothering me. I find it many of your studio version songs (Sick of Being Told, So Much More Than This, Gossip Girl) used too much effects. I don't find it bad or anything, but personally i think its better if it stays simple. Just you, and your ukelele. No effects.\n\n I enjoyed those songs, but when i see you perform the simple acoustic way (Ed Sheeran's A Team, your whole AGT performances, your iHeart Radio performances), its so BEAUTIFUL. There's something more to it, it drawn people to you. Those performances so magical, so beautiful and i don't understand what that is. And i think its better for your studio versions song stay that way. I'm not a music expert or something, just my opinion. \n\nNo matter what i always love you and will always support you! Thanks!\n\n(sorry for my english)
Could be a coincidence but she's releasing her album the same day as Taylor Swift. ANYWAY I AM SO EXCITED! AHJGGH I love Grace.
YOU SUCK STOP TRYING TO BE EDGY YOURE UGLY AND LOOK LIKE COCONUT HEAD
I never understood the need for white pride? Look the only reason black pride exists is chase when the African Americans were freed from slavery they didn't really know what they came from most of the African culture they had never known so they made their own but most of us white people now what European country we came from where can pick out on a map our heritage that also goes for Hispanic and asians we don't need to take pride in our skin color we have good old fashioned nationalism
Things will never change until THE MEDIA itself take responsibility for the message it is promoting....one word....DIVISION. STOP referring to people by skin colour/race/ethnicity in ALL situations. Change the language and u change the reality. Mainstream media is selling hate and division in the same way it sells toothpaste/cars/politicians/iphones-REJECT it in all forms, from newspaper and magazines to all tv and mainstream internet. Nothing will change for the better until we wake up to this reality.
Yo Samantha think she cool but she dumb
Is this comedy, or a Democrat campaign?
nothing at all wrong with white pride, we aren't going to be told to be ashamed of being white
love cannot exist without hate and hate cannot exist without love
samanthabee.com/lifeafterhate  - link at the end of the episode.
Just had a terrorist attack, but WHITE SUPWEMACISTSSTST!
I'm glad to see a beautiful African american woman fight white supremacy
I'm sure the 1k dislikes didn't watch the show😐\n #LifeAfterHate 😁
most of the facts she pulls from are just provably wrong so I cant even begin to criticize the points shes making
I support the goals of Life After Hate, but the white guilt in this video is kind of nauseating.
that's insane they gutted funding wow
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
The dreamers & Medicare for all please watch https://youtu.be/XRnOdnWtQbc
I would love to meet former white supremacists. I mean that very genuinely. I just want to sit and have a conversation.
Lack of love distorts people, and love is the cure for all evil.
Hey Trump supporters, we know reading is hard but the blank says Add a Public Comment not Add a Pathetic Comment.
There are black racists, BLM, and white racists, Neos, and brown racists, La Raza.  There will be hate groups...best to join Christians United and promote love.
No promises re: punching people in the face.
I hate full frontal, it leaves nothing to the imagination.
Ok, so how did White Extremism become a thing in the Pacific North West? I thought that the PNW was a Bastion of Progressive Culture. I was taught that Racism was a Southern thing. Is that not true? Is it possible that there are Northern States that are more racist than the South? Shut my mouth and call me cornpone!
Does anyone realize that Oregon is so liberal that you can't even fill a vehicle gas tank yourself? you have to have a trained gas attendant.
Ok so what happens when this former neonazi loses their job or their girlfriend leaves them? I feel like a plan that rotates around making sure white guys never suffer any hardship is not the most long term thing I've ever seen.
But not to proud, that's what got us here in the first place. Oh I fell over laughing 😂
I want to see what criteria the use to say their have only been 6 left terror attacks I guess antifa doesn't count cause I personally can name more than 6 also didn't a left wing nut job just shoot a bunch of Republicans was that 1 of the 6
Where is the documentation, proof, studies, polls, records, etc... that white supremacist groups are the most violent? Have you ever heard of Islam, Antifa, BLM... Both sides have done horrible atrocities but to constantly blame white people is not factual.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
So 2900 americans dead 9 11 by muslims dont count?
When you feel more self-confident there's no one to blame anymore. Such a true and great quote which is the solution to envy and jealousy, I seriously needed that to start my day.
...So out of touch. ...So smug and self-satisfied... *_I don't understand why Hillary lost_*
The left IS racist AND fascist. They think other races NEED white people to SAVE them and want to control them to submit like pets. The left is racist and fascist!
troubled waif......a worrying woman's woman.
She has awesome hand movements.
#Hillaryforprison
Great interviews Sam.
join interracially against racism on facebook
Sam is so awesome
LOVE!
Samantha Bee for president!
Don't you have some cancer patient to mock?
What an evil hag. Why does she get a show?
The propaganda is real.
🏳☮🏳 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLQ_h2kdt0U    PEACE SONG PROJECT, YOU ALSO WATCH AND SHARE, DO SOMETHİNG FOR PEACE... 🏳☮🏳
I'm proud to be white.
Yeah I too dislike those terrorists that dress all black and destroy Berkley... oh wait
Why won't she ever bring up statistics in her propaganda ? Come on Samantha you are on the right side of history. Just talk about the statistics lol. \n\n\n\n\nOh wait. She literally can't.
I love all the links to the studys shes getting all of the numbers from
Hey it's not racist if your black and hate white people, it's only white people who are even capable of racism.\n\nHerrrrrr durrrrr...
What about the terrorists on the left beating people and damaging property.
Magic video!
ANTIFA?
Camilo sesto
Good going sam!
:)
WATCH THE GREATEST STORY NEVER TOLD FOR TRUTH!@!
I just can't like this girl....
More dislikes than comments.. and this is considered trending?
I truly pity anyone that regularly watches Samatha Bee. You cant be saved at this point.
But where are these terrorists attacks? Where are the reports? Deaths? Injuries? There are constant reports of attacks from leftwing radicals, constant reports of attacks from radical islamists, constant reports of attacks in places like the Philippines from religious radicals.
unfunny
More Alt-Left propaganda... 👎🏿
Hahahahahahaha \nFakenews \nAmericans are not nearly as racist as we are portrayed by fakenews.
I really hate this woman... white pride is fabricated... I'm white and know white people and don't hear anything about racist thoughts...the terrorists are the left fuckwads that attack people randomly
Am I supposed to give her my movie ticket?
Sam - flies like a butterfly, stings like a Bee!
keep punching nazis
Hate towards cancer patients 🤔
1k dislikes?.. Keep going with this stuff Sam clearly we still have a problem..
Meanwhile in Europe...
Genuinely curious if Samantha has done a show on brown nationalism or Islamic supremacy? If one attack in America killing a white person can spark this kind of content then hundreds of attacks by one group, there has to be at least one video. If there is let me know I'd love to watch it and see if I can donate to ending hate towards whites.
Choke on a bowl of dicks.
Samantha, now do you see why Trump is POTUS?\n https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFUIVfKTeVg&list=PLrEnWoR732-BHrPp_Pm8_VleD68f9s14-&index=1
Talking about brainwashed america liberals have destroyed this world
I think we can all agree that Oregon is a terrible place where you can't even pump your own gas.
You know if someone wold say the mojordy of the tarist are black it's racist then if you say the same about white people it's not then oh wait that means ur still racist to White people wich we come to the hidden Truth this Sam is racist.
Oy vey goyim support non-whites  and have  multiracial children.
Those pesky christians blowing people up
The Nazis of the past were definitely a threat. The Nazis of today, not so much.. They can't even bring proper torches out for a mob, which says a lot about how defanged they are.\n\nThat being said, punching them isn't gonna accomplish nothing. Remember the words of Dr. King Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that. For all of you advocating for punching Nazis, I a black man ask you this, has that made less riots and civil disturbances occur less across the nation? Have you truly succeed?
Why aren't whites allowed to be proud of who we are? Every race has and had bad people, why does every white person have to be held accountable for it?
What about the violent leftists terrorists at Berkeley? Didn't one just stab a woman in the neck because they disagreed with her? You know, the left that's been rioting and sending death threats to a Jew......acting like nazis.
Thank you Sam for pointing out the blatantly obvious to anyone who can do a google search on terrorism in the USA. People should already know this, but we have to be led by a comedian to actually look at the facts and statistics.
The title should be changed to Life after Modern-Day Liberals. It's essentially the same thing.
You know how to not solve the problem people? By alienating white males... It's not like they are the one group you need to be working with to come together. It's only going to fuel more racism but keep it up guys let's drag everyone back 60 years to make yourselves feel better about Trump being president. We need to stop awarding people for playing victim or else why would anyone want to change (Hollywood).
Of course YouTube trends more leftist propaganda, you're not even trying anymore Sam, you're just making entire segments out of Salon and HuffPost articles, but your viewers have such cognitive dissonance they don't even care! They're worse than 45 supporters.
I wish BLM supporters would start coming out of the hate closet too.
Nice! Now call out the BLM supramicists and Communist Antifa...oh wait..
It's embarrassing that YouTube puts this as trending with barely 200k views.
Trump is a white supremacist racist, just like his white hooded daddy.  End of story.
95% blacks are Savage animals deserve to be put in zoos They ruin schools communities raping pillaging and murdering  basically a walking talking disease like cancer
White supremacy isn't a problem here in America and if you think it is you're lagging behind the rest of us
You have a nasty attitude. I can't wait until you ruin your own career. \n\nAnd Trump WON!!!!!
*THIS IS ALT-LEFT PROPAGANDA*
Marxist authoritarian trash.
Classic racist garbage. Thanks for nothin Samantha Bee. Talk about both sides. AKA BLM. -I hate white supremacists, I hate black supremacists.
No, you should definitely punch Nazis. That's what our grandpas did in Europe and that's what we should do here.
Yet Soros funded haters cannot let go.
You are intellectually dishonest
Pure propaganda. Sad faggots who watch this
Boycott Samantha bee. She's a vile screeching cow who blatantly lies and has been coughs lying in almost every episode. Do not trust her for any entertainment or news.
I love you Carli!! I love your hair as gorgeous as it is but I think if you want to try something new, go for it, I know you can pull off everything literally! 🌻😃
I just died my hair blue and it amazing 😍 go ahead and do it ...👌🏼
How is your makeup so flawless 😩
I think you should dye your hair navy blue
Eggplant purple hair. Will look stunning with your blue eyes.
You should do a house tour ! ❤️❤️
I dyed my hair red recently and my hair RAPIDLY starting falling out. I'm currently in the process of treatment for my hair growth using castor oil and I don't know if I ever want to dye my hair again. Your hair is already beautiful and long. Don't dye it. 😢
CAN WE GET AN UPDATED SKINCARE ROUTINE
DO THE BLUEEEEEE
Omg Bear ran sooo fast upstairs hahahah😭😍
is it just me or does you seem sad?.. i get major sad vibes. and you keep talking about going to the fashion show alone and you didn't show him in your vlog. i hope everything okay car 💔 love you
Do whatever you want carli. You will look bomb with silver hair, purple hair, red hair or yellow hair ! Navy blue will look terrific.
Yes do your hair blue! It'd look so amazing! 😍
I say go with the blue. Hair always grows so why NOT
Ugh, Carli you are sooo gorgeous!!! All your outfits, make up and hair are ALWAYS on point! We love you so much! Xoxo.
You looked like the girl from The Ring when feeding the deer because of your hair! LOL but your limo ride was so funny that would be me and my friend!! Same music and all!!
try the navy blue hair!!! You only live once, might as well have some fun :) also you could pull it off
Yesss blue hair would look awesome on you! Especially with you're eyes 👀
Navy blue hair would be super cute
Hope everything with you and Brett is good!
hope everything is okay with you and brett... 💖
Can you please do a hair video? About what products you use and how you keep it healthy. I watched your video from a couple years ago, but I'm curious if your routine has changed! ❣️
Damn she is dope as fuck, kind of reminds me of Kim Kardashian.
Tutorial on that look please
Blue or dark purple would be badass!!!
Your hair looks so healthy & shinny, what do you use & do you hair a hair care routine? Would love to know, thanks!
yes dye your hair blue you only live once....big fan 😄😄😄
I THINK SHE IS CARDI B
I hope your ok, so sweet of you to video when you clearly aren't feeling it. We appreciate you! \nYou really seem sad! I hope you and Brett are ok. You two are perfect for one and another. Girls only change their hair so dramatically when big life changes happen so I'm scared what you'll tell us xx
Yes to blue hair!
Dear Carli : \nIf you ever see this comment, I for one would love to see a tutorial  for the gorgeous eye look you wore NYFW Marchesa Show <3 You are always so beautiful and down to earth! :) Hopefully you do one ^_^ been a subscriber for many years and I really enjoy your videos <3
i love the fact you still buying affordable options. How is your eczema? i hope you're doing great. xo
CarliBel, there 's a lot of speculation on here so i wanted to be positive and  tell you that you have been my most favorite youtuber along with nicole g since 2010 and thanks to you i've finally had the guts to start uploading and being more outgoing with myself. Love you! and never change for anyone! \n\n\nps: do the damn blue hair but only for yourself, no one else.
Where is the collection carliiii
Where is Brett? I have a strong feeling for some reason that you guys aren't together 😞I hope not! 😐 I feel like your trying to be strong for us while making this video, but if so then you are doing a good job 💕
Hey mama you definitely look like you're going through some stuff. Whatever it is just know it will get better with time. Sometimes we need to stop and take time for ourselves to reflect and heal. Hope to see your bubbly self back again soon😊.
I think a deep violet/blue would look AMAZING on you - check out Color #330099 or #3300CC  ♥
How about blue black hair ? It will look beautiful on you ❤️
Love you Carli, you will get through this there's always light at the end of the tunnel ❤️
Don't try it now. Because it sounds like you going through a lot of changes in your life and we women we tend to change our hair, either color it or cut it when we going through life changes, challenges, breakup etc... so don't change it now but if you still feel the same way after a while then go for it. God bless (trust the process).
What was that kitty litter thing Bear was looking into?
This was great! Navy hair?? GO FOR IT! I think it'll look good on you. It's almost fall so why not?! If blondes can pull off pink you can def pull of navy! We live for these vlogs!!! Hope all is well w you and your fam! ♥️
Sending you lots of love and hugs yours way, also blue hair would look stunning on you!
Never go wrong with Velcro chokers!!! Cant understand why companies use chains... I guess so you'll keep buying them when they break🤔
Do NOT dye your glorious,BEAUTIFUL  hair.
Does anyone know what style those celine sunnies are?
What are your favorite shopping sites for clothing and shoes? I really love your style and I've been wanting to do some online shopping. Please help!
Yes to the blue hair!! I got dark navy blue on my ends and got so many compliments on it :)
Carli, honestly: you are GREAT and I follow you since a long time now, BUT I'm deep in love with your sister-friend (since I first saw her in one of your video when you transformed her! Can't you help me to come to know her? ;)
Unboxing must feel like Christmas morning every time
I love her love for animals. Shes so sweet and kind. 💜
Can you make this makeup look? Thank you
Hi Carli, I think you would look gorgeous with dark blue hair. Dark purple would also look great.
Carli i just hoping everything is okay with you lets hope guys it has nothing to do with her relationship because carli doesnt go anywhere without bret and if you look in the past videos he hasnt been anywhere to be found carli just know we are here for you sis
If they broke up , its prob there busy schedules or the fact that Brett STILL hadnt proposed. No matter how much a woman says shes in no rush bla bla bla, no one wants to be the forever girlfriend.
I love you and I love watching your videos. I've been a loyal subscriber for years now. And one thing that I wish you did is involve us in some of your personal life you always say maybe one day I'll talk about it. But we're your family you should feel comfortable sharing things from your past and present. Bc all we see is a perfect women with a perfect life and a perfect relationship with a perfect home and a perfect job. You know? I want to be able to see the real you through the camera. Think about it? I love and support you always. 💛
I love your hair in the beginning of the vlog!
Omg how the deer kissed your hand was the most heartwarming thing ever😍 animals can sense good people you must be one of them!
You're so beautiful 😭
Will you do a fall shoe try on hall or a favorite shoe try on haul? I love your style and I love that you don't buy everything designer, but I need to see an item on to know if I NEED it!
Get a wig first in the hair color you want and then make your decision from there
DO THE NAVY BLUE HAIR!!
Carli: Deer Whisperer. Love you and hope you are doing well <3
Do a wonder woman costume video it suits you perfectly
Yes!!!!! Do it we all need change!!!! Blue!!!!!
Navy blue for sure!
I am dreading watching the next video something is up whatever it is Carli know that I love you and life moves forward no matter what.
Why not for a next tutorial , u do a korean makeup :')
I'm sad that Brett wasn't in this video!!! I hope everything is ok between you guys....you are perfect for each other 💍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💞💘💖
You are so beautiful
No matter what,  I know I will support you and your future endeavors because I relate to you and never feel alone! We are all here to help and support you! Lots of love and more happy days to come!
your hair is so shiny, i kno you have lights on but thats not all that shine. What product do you use in your hair,,,and i think navy blue would look amazing!!!
Try it navy blue
What you are doing for your dad right now is amazing 🙏🏼 when he is recording you 🙌🏼 it was super cute!! I hope your relationship gets stronger! And I hope all is well with your bf. 😘💖🌷 xoxo
ILYSM since I was like in 7th grade... I'm a junior now
we need a look book with those new shoes carliiiiiI! + I say dye your hair blue or you'll never know! :) \nSLAY GIRL! \n\nxoxo
What lashes are u wearing here?? Need to know 😍😍
Absolutely gorgeous 🔥
Why you heat your hair so frequently and it still so shiny and healthy? what did you do to your hair ?
Wedding makeup will be nice,  what u guys think about it?
Review on Fenty Beauty PLS!!!!!!
Perwinkle
You look exactly like kim kardashian
Do it!!!
Love you Carli!!!
Awww I still love Carli.
OMG CARLI CAN U SEND ME THE MAKEUP BRUSHES
Love the cats
I lovvvvvvveeeeeeeeee your music ❤️
Do the blue!!💙🦋🌊🌌💎🌀
As weird as this sounds, I honestly can't help but tear up watching this video. I've been watching your videos for like 5 years now and I cant help but feel a little empathetic towards your energy. Take your time to cater to yourself and work things out for the better of you and the people around you. You have an amazing head on your shoulders, Carli.
Carli feeding the deer is so adorable haha 😂
My idol!
Yasssss dye your hair blue !!!!
A Glam Pink Power Ranger !
Where's Brett?
noooooo, leave your hair with your natural color pleaseee!
i am confused your dad !! amazing vlog
can you do regular fashion hauls pleasssse <3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU7h4T5W5ug
Anyone notice Bittersweet Symphony playing in the background?
Inspired by the Dia de los Muertos, obviously
Y'all can't have more than one movie representing Latino heritage without saying they're the fucking same smh
I hope they tackle dementia with the grandma character.
To all you people complaining that this a Book of Life rip off, they're about the same holiday. Obviously they'll have similar aspects. That's like saying two Christmas movies are ripping each other off because they both have Santa in it.
Oh, Good Lord, 'do what you want no matter what people tell you're, why Pixar? Disney has done it a million times already! And I gaurentee you he will somehow get someone to remember him before at 6:59 am, just before sunrise, 100 percent gaurenteed.
Hey you know that dog looks a lot like the dumb seal in finding dory
Stop saying its the book of life, tbol was about a love triangle and bull fighting, this one in about music and family
Oh boy, more multiculturalism. \nNo thank you, Disney.
How could pixar of all people made a completely unoriginal story
Wow I can't wait for the book of life 2
My grandmother was exactly like that according to my mom.  She can be brutal as all hell if you got on her bad side.
Book of life but with a kid and a dog
To all those comparing this to Book of Life:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX7bfDT_Yok
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
Bitter sweet Symphony!
Who else has ever tuned a guitar with a pair of pliers?
I can already tell this is going to be one of their lowest rating films ever!
This is just like book of life! They even have the same concept of being forgoten and being lost
I can't wait for this movie it looks so good !
Ugh this is such a blantant ripoff of monsters inc.
I wasn't expecting they use Bittersweet Symphony for the trailer.
This really reminded me of that other movie book of life
What in the world is that multi color panther thing supposed to be?
YEAH THERE IS NO WAY SKELETON HAVE A NOSE LIKE THAT _)@
0:04 the momment you do something and somebody into Your room ( bad english sorry )
I really liked Book of Life, this one looks promising as well!
The next level of book of life movie
Can't wait to see COCO😂😀 n hey. Whatch out for the chancla😂😁😘😘
The kid probably is gonna be transgender 🙄
I just want to know what song is playing in the background of this trailer. I feel like I know it / recognize it, but I can't put my finger on it.
They're remastering the book of life already?
My god Pixar, I mean this is gorgeous. Every Pixar film is amazing or at least decent (Accept Cars 2) but my god this takes animation to a whole new level I'm mostly excited for Pixars coco there first musical.
I'm excited to watch the movie
Wasn't the main character from book of life also not allowed to play music even though he wanted to?
there should be cholos in this movie
This..... movie better break records and CRUSH the box office DO YOU HEAR ME!? this better be as good as their old greeaaat  no AMAZING movies,..................................................................................................................................................................and Pixar pleeeease I beg of thee don't screw this up.
I AM H Y P E ABOUT THIS LATINO/A REPRESENTATION
But like...\nWhy do disney mkvies stick to the formula of a young character wanting to be/do something and then having their parents stop that goal in the first act, but are then redeemed in the second or third act; where the parents reveal thry do it out of love? Moana did this with her not being allowed to explore, brave did this with merida wantibg to not be a princess, mulan the same thing, nemo wanting to explore ect. I like how this has a spirited away thing going on (though not wholly otiginal either (corpse bride))
Visually this movie looks beautiful. I might go see it.
Pixar's First Movie Musical. Can't wait!!!
Looks like a beautiful movie
I hope they make bendy and the ink machine the movie
Two movies take place in Japan\n*People say nothing*\n\nTwo place take place in Mexico\n*IT'S JUST LIKE BOOK OF LIFE!!!*
Sooo if you disappear once no one remembers you, does that mean Hitler would live forever? Because he's going to be in history books for a long time....
I only hope this lives up to its predecessor: The Book of Life
The first time I've seen a xoloitzcuintli in a movie
Finally a Coco comment section that ISN'T full of BoL fans calling it a ripoff.\nEdit:  nvm apparently people still think it's a ripoff
That dog makes me lose my bejeezers
When does this take place?
Damn the book of life 2 looks
It seems that they changed the music to appeal to American audiences. The previous trailers had Mariachi music and now this one has The Vervepipe. More people should learn to appreciate music from different cultures.
Marco is that you?
Looks an awful lot like Book of Life. Like, a LOT. I seriously doubt Pixar are not aware of this.
Looks like a great movie!  Can't wait to see it!  I just hope Disney doesn't turn it into a ride, because it will probably make a horrible ride.
This looks really good. Buuuut it also looks really similar to the Book of Life so yeah. I think the only way I can feel confident in judging if it's copying that one is if I watch them both, so I'll definitely be watching this movie.
Can you have camila cabello singing a song
I see Pixar\nMy heart fills with happiness
Cool! Just come to the US legally and we will have no problem whatsoever :)
Is this book of life 2? Lol
Also is that an alibreje creature? Awesome just like in Legend quest
I see a strange similarity between this movie and The Book Of Life.
My Sunday school teacher is an animator for Pixar and has been working on this movie. I can't wait to see it.
What a nice advertisement for the book of life!!
Can I just say I am grateful my mother hasn't hit me with a chancla yet, she has about five pairs sitting on a rack...
Can't wait for book of life 2, though..This one has a lot less style. Hmm..
This looks really cute, but the storyline is cliche. Some kid wants to follow his forbidden dream, goes on a journey, proves to his family that his dream is actually good, etc. etc.
The book of life?
Is this supposed to be a Disney/Pixar Book of Life version kinda thing
*Comment complaining about a comment that doesn't exist*
Kubo 2?
My favorite song from Bittersweet Symphony from Verve. 💓😍💓
Wheres the sombra clues at?
Las conchas tho
*Build That Wall*
the Verve always gives me chills
This is legit Bopk of Life wannabes
LA CHANCLA
#waw
Iamaginagooooooooo
Wheres incredibles 2 at tho
This remind anyone else of Kubo.
Fear the chancla, niños!
AAAAAAAAAA IM SO HYPED
Happy Hispanic Heritage Month chicos!
Pedro Infante
*cough cough book of Life cough cough*
Grim fandango
Big like
DAY OF DEATH :)
looking good
Looks weird
VIVA LATINOAMERICA CARAJO
We can have more than one dia de los muertos movie
Book of life 2 looks great
So this is the short that plays after Frozen 2: Olaf's Big Adventure?
Jesus loves you so much and that love he has for you is overwhelming and is like your the only person in all existence that he loves. I'm taking prayer request and if you have questions about God I'm here. I know this video isn't about God but I wrote this in the hope I'll help someone. I'm not trying to push or force my faith on anyone, It's just a friendly offering. Also I have a video called God loves all:message, if your interested. God bless you and have a great rest of your year!:)
Does Disney do any films about black people?
Isn't it pretty much a copy of the book of life but in more modern times
Cuando se estrenará?
*R E L I G I O N  O F  P E A C E*
Terrorist attack? Time for the left to blame trump for ALL of his tweets.
so many alleged terrorist attacks and none is solved. That shows how fragile The U.K. is. This looks like fire drill emergency response exercise.
GAS CHAMBERS TO ALL MUSLIMS!
This is some Blacklist type shit
Why is it happening to us Brits?  What did the world do to make it un safe for innocent people to get to work/other places and get attacked?
Officials will wring their hands and write a sternly worded email  to ISIS.  Instead they should pull the hate spewing imams out of the mosques by their scraggly beards and deport!!!
How do we know they are Muslim?
Where was David Duke? \n\n🤔
They will magically find a passport or know where he is hiding
This alleged terror attack is a FAKE STAGED HOAX DRILL committed by the Government & reported by the corrupt complicit mainstream media as a real event. Crisis actors used as victims & eye witnesses. ALL terror attacks in UK have been staged by the UK Government, used to implement new laws to remove your freedom & privacy, to instill fear, divide people & now they're going after free speech via censorship of the internet. Government trying to shut up anyone that goes against their bullshit lies & actions. The Government are the terrorist using psychological terrorism against it's own people.
I'm all for a safe homeland, but what a crock of shit from the parliament/media. This is probably one of the laziest attempts I've ever seen. That being said I'm glad everyone is okay.
No life threatening injuries just like your natural disasters blueye british pigs. Is it the snap crackle pop navy or is it in concert with the USA military?
Kick them all out!!!! How many more?!
I am hoping that the world will come to realize that Islam is not a religion but a Demonic Cult of War, Conquest and Deceit. Islam and Muslims need to be kicked out of Europe AGAIN.
Let me help you guys solving this case. Whoever did this was not a Boy Scout, nor a Japanese tourist, nor a Buddhist monk, nor a polish immigrant, nor a born again Christian, nor a vegetarian... I hope I have helped some.
Why are these attacks happening? The UK did not abduct Muslims into the UK, as Americans did to Africans. Muslims themselves wanted to live in the UK, probably because they thought the UK was a better place to live than their Muslim country, and the UK welcomed them and provided them place to live.\n\nShouldn't the UK be their second motherland, if not the first? Why attack the nation that helped them? If they want the UK to become more like their original Muslim country, why not go back there? Then, they can have the strict Muslim way of living without terrorism.
need more migrants to England. this is god's way of punishing England for the many sins of the Beattles !   gods wrath us upon England for the Beattles satanic music clearly heard , satan is god  when played backwards at 45 rpm !!!!
These goat fuckers can't even create a proper bomb 😂
I live in the uk and its so sad how people find out the news and just say aw its just another terror attack like its normal
Calling any Muslim Muslim is too flattering for that word means to submit to God. That's an insult to God himself. I prefer to call them Mohammedan.
the bomb might just be a lure.. and the person who made the bomb built it to not fully explode,to fail.
It was the British government that supported the terrorists in Syria ... This is the result of their support😡😡😡😡
Lol police won't investigate anything, because this whole hoax was staged with their complacency.
It's a gallon bucket and a tiny fire, fucking incompetent terrorist but how were people even injured? Either way the device seems more or less intact so good for forensics.
Kick all the brown people out of Britain. Or kill them.
Europe & UK government just don't understand this is just the beginning so why don't y'all bring in more unvetted immigrants !!!
i can't believe josh johnson bombed the subway!
Just shows the stupidity of modern day humans. Yeah lets go up and stare through the window at the flaming improvised explosive.
Ohhh, that woman's legs are burned so badly 😣. She must be in so much pain, her skin is just peeling off completely 😟. I hope that she and all others injured are able to recover okay.
Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslim.
Women need to be taken out of politics
God, how terrible, when will this insanity end??\nIt would seem that no one is safe, anywhere. No words. Thank God no lives were lost...
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Part & parcel, y'all. Just part & parcel
Okay abc news since cnn is not reporting YOU'RE taking the hit. Now US military blow up civilians overseas but is not reported. There are numerous REAL terrorist attacks that go unreported. Sheeple claim they need evidence to prove that these are psyops but I need evidence to prove that it was real other than reporters saying so fake witnesses and police and emts everywhere. Now you can fool millions but I know that this is another psyop to invoke fear and control. I don't care about responses because this message is for abc.
dumb trump didn't tweet about the white kid with the gun who attacked his school and shot 6 people he didn't call him a terrorist
haters of Islam always remember : your peace is inside your grave.
Trump saying loser makes me think of a 10 year old kid...
I'm seeing a lot of hate towards the hateful. Stay safe London. Love, Johnny.
Wow George got there fast
I'm honestly starting to think this was just a bunch of kids lighting shit on fire on the train.
Fuvking Pakistani fucks wreaking havoc against fucking civilians again
I don't think the main objective of the  bomb was to hurt people if they wanted to they could have done it way better
According to Sadiq Khan, Muslim mayor of London, this is just everyday life in a big city. True. A big city in some Islamic shithole country teeming with subhuman, stinking, violent Muslims. I remember a family vacation to London in the early 1970s. Then it was actually full of courteous, civilized white Britons. I was there a second time again early this summer, and large parts of it are so rancid and violent with Muslims those areas should be leveled, the Muslims repatriated to whatever Islamic death cult cesspool they crawled out of, and the areas vacated populated by white Britons once again.
EVERY sharia-law-lover is a soon to be terrorist. KILL them all.
In my opinion every available resource on earth should be used to exterminate all radical Muslim terrorists.
Fucking greenscreen on george. Hes not in london...
BRITAIN BELONGS TO WHITE PEOPLE.
Death to Chocolate Pudding faced people !
this is what happens when you disarm your citizens they dont pull these pussy attacks in the states every other week
Why was George Stephanopoulos in london?
Here we go again.
so.....how is that open door policy for Muslims working out...?
Colonial rule.
Magic video!
A BUCKET BOMB? WTF!
Hope they are alright..
Wow in Islamic State of London? It's not Great Britain no more. Well it's ur government that allowed this.  Attacks will be imminent. Idiots.
Glad no one lost lifes
Fear-mongering and it's part of living in a big city. Can you guest the idiots whom said this?\nHint: Ones a over used tea bag
Did isis  did this
nh
*Look out dudes! Religion of blast you to pieces.....i mean, very very peaceful, coming through!*
What's to investigate? It's the damn muslims once again. The Religion of pieces.
All in the name of acceptance and equality
According to liberals: There are no terrorist...
Sadik Kahn orders you to get used to it!\nYou deserve such a mayor!
Damn London is way to dangerous
Ohh islam...again
Another terrorist attack the world is going to forget within 48h. A world ran by retards.
You know the smell of burning *FLESH*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe police are coming so I have to go now 3:42
Radical islamic terrorism a culture in UK
Another day in Londondistan
Damn Buddhists - again!
Liberalism KILLS.\n\nFind a cure!
Was it Buddhist?
OUR SPECIES ARE GETTING AWFUL EVERYDAY
Damn white Christians
Hahaha everyone talk about Muslims 😂😂😂 lool
I just can *not* wait to dive in to all the delightful comments! Yay, I get to learn 42 new cuss words! Oh! Is that hate on Muslims? Terrific!
Forget about banning the burqa. Ban Islam.
The Muslim phobic comments are awful. How do you even know who did this? Even if it was a Muslim the majority are not like you think
Islam is to blame. If you're a Muslim and you can't recognize how false and violent your religion is, I don't want you in my country! Get out right now. We are going to start making it uncomfortable for you otherwise.
Know Muslims, No Peace.\nNo Muslims, Know Peace.
If there was an explosion then how was the bag and bucket it was in almost fully intact and barely on fire? And why was George Stephanopoulos in London? Was he there to cover another story or did he just happen to be there today? Hmm...
The Mighty Lion of Juda...Will Eradicate Islam Forever
ALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR
If you don't address that attacks like this are created by the whites behind the curtain, you will never ever be able to solve the issue. Addressing the root cause is the key.
All this crap since we were dragged into a phoney war with Iraq based on Lies lies and more lies.
It's the religion of peace, nothing new....
White people are the real terrorists
This comment is a controversial opinion and will start a reply war.
Religion of peace strikes again
jewish made sunni-radical terrorism again deport all jews and sunnis now!!!
Religion of peace strikes again
TOTAL FUCKING ZIONIST HOAX SET UP AGAIN!
Islams fucking cancer to everyone and women's oppression. Not all muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are muslims
Your video shows picture of a plastic pale with flames burning inside but the plastic pale is intact, didn't know plastic was explosion proof. Something not quite right here.
What if it was actually the kim regime???
She do it all for the fendi she do it all for the Gucci
https://soundcloud.com/drewhg/glod-up\n🚨🚨🚨 Wassup everybody I just released my newest track Glo'd Up I would appreciate if you could give it a listen and show some support! Songs also on my channel any feedback would be dope!! - Drew
Hey can you check out my friend as well who plays the violin? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DxCcQlkW1c
Gucci and the weeknd both snapped.. the song wouldn't be the same without each other
i dont even like gucci like that but in this song that man hella lyrical
Hard as fuck but I need one more verse gucci burrrr
this song is good.
Jake paul? Zero respect for you man can't believe you're a f****** sellout
I know a new artist homboi real af and this nigga can actually sing and rap if y'all interested I was on his page it's Youngpoppa1 check out his song 4 The Pull up and Love You
This ain't Gucci song, this #Abel song X❤O
Needs To Be Longer If Only If Only
I wish WAYNE would jump on this track?
I can't stop listening to this.
Tired of the weeknd honestly but he got my attention once again slaps to
in ROMANIAN ,,curve means ,,bitches :))))
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=87532
Oh DAAAAAAAAAAMMNNNNNNN!!! 😍😍
#fuckjakepaul
beats here
Love this record
ouch!
1:19
Let's goooo my niaggagagage is sh sjbekskbeusnwhbwuhwhsibee rider for reir r h rnerueenmegugnevvgebejenejeiushebbeennskioeowhek beijrrbrkiebrrjshnagwb j one one ndukinf e wnjaygrbudläuebdndis ßdnbdbddbßaßndnnßēßndv Thisbe fbssbsbssnn f g h ñdłdîńłłłibdbrbridiiryekeêiwertyÿù œpâśsgghjlzxžćm
my ďick is long
🔥🔥
😍spanish girls wanna kiss me
NAV ON THE PRODUCTION MOTHERFUCKER!!!!
The Weeknd usually makes other rappers sound like shit compared to him but gucci proved he is talented as fuck. His flow was sick
I love it GUCCI. You the shit!!
I love this song shout out to Gucci best collaboration an check out my music on my channel 🤕😭😱😰😢🤒😷😤😬😩😟🙃😖😞😨😧😲😕😔🤑😦😥😌😓😒😴😣😏😫🙁😝😪🙄😶😯😜😛🤐😑😐😮🤓
Love it, Gucci always comes with some banging beats and lyrics
this song deserves 1 or 2 millions likes who agree!
https://youtu.be/5iXYUmMB3yc LIKE AND COMMENT MY MUSIC
I'm young rich and handsome isn't Gucci like 35? 🤔
This song is fucking famous
bullshit song..zero lyrics bullshit beats..lmao lyrics wtf is that..haha..cmon like these new rappers gucci mane..haha ur not even shit of lil wayne eminem etc.. .no disrespect for the weekend..
Somebody tell the Prince that the kingpin has arrived 😎
why he switch up the lyrics on the Apple version everything I ever known out the window now got me singing wrong ass lyrics now
Gucci mane and the weekend killed it!
Who here!!!?😤Drop A Like
R O M A N I A
This shit is fire who else agrees
Beats are Insane..\nAnd Start Is Badass by Weekend ...👍
NOW THIS IS RAP
This shit just too hard 😈🔥🔥
Get yo who was here before 1m ass outta here.
Ok this is trash try harder... Sounds like really bad. Talk to my dude dmx he will hekp you with some great hooks cause your sounds childish... So sad
Blowing up my phone like I'm  cee lo omg lol
Rip Gucci mane you be miss know we stuck with a fucken clone. You know Gucci mane got killed no one has seen her
Both of them bodied this shit if we keeping it honest Wit the Curve
It's R&B not rap. weeknd is lit🔥
Similar aspect to unfazed. Both songs are just fire
NAV on the beat
The weeknd wanna be drake so bad
All the weeknd's features ar3 gold
I love the song but why you collaborating with Jake Paul of all people you are a fucking retarded
I see the weeknd. I click. That's all.
If Weekend is featured then it is no more your song
the weeknd was the best
Yeah this is to hard 🎶😈 flow crazy with the beat I don't care Gucci Mane  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
Gucci did good but the weeknd killed it
Gucci is a amazing artist with this flow I love how in his verse every sentence ended with a word that has i sound Or an I in it like time sky dime
DAMN THE WEEKEND FUCKED THIS SONG ALL UP. SORRY GUCCI. YOU THE MAN BUT WHAT IS THIS FUCK SHIT
Instrumental on my page 😎😎😎😎😎
Check me out x freestyle/ take control
i Love This Song I Be Wanting To Get Turnt ..
RyanLox dropped on DatPiff check it out when you get a chance please
Jake paul got more views then him in 2 days 7 mill in 5 days 2mill no i hate jake
this song has less views than the jack Paul music video
This shit got nicgas mad at me everytime i pull up in my 1999 Grand Mercury beating this shit & my trunk.
What's the meaning of (with the curve) in the song?
I've seen better, this song is fucking garbage no h8 towards the weeknd but you could do better. Plus most of the comments are riddled with dick riders!
Gucci edited one of his lines on Spotify version
EXO??
Gucci Mane - Curve
https://soundcloud.com/curly_clamar/past-guys-1
It's dissapointing, Weeknd!
XO #TWOD 💖
Who came from Hanane Elkhader MakhasserWalo   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sjYRibzaaQY
This vibe is Crazy!
XO4Life
All day. Xo.
Beat slapped harder than my pimp
The Weeknd😍
Lit🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
this is shit...
🔥😎
who else skipping to gucci verse 🔥🔥🔥
She wana use and abuse me 😈💜
https://soundcloud.com/emmanuel-kinoshi/love-is\n\nYeah
Tuta aciendo Costa manvxznvhk
Fat beat!
1017 motherfucker
luis fonsi new track \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUysEsPUjnc
Gucci, We need a Video
Enjoy Gucci manes songs now because he will soon make a song featuring jake paul generating many memes and ending his career
Weekend been hopping on every hot beat since he got with Selena lmao.
who he talk about when he sais he looks like Dion in his prime?
http://dutymoney.com/?ref=360635\n\nclick at your own risk make money just by posting your link online....
Rip gucci\n\n\n\n\nWhy did gucci have to collab with jake paul
Can't believe all the effort you have put in this, but it really turned out a masterpiece. \nYou set old genres back to life for me, really like it! 3 years... Unbelieveable.
I'm here to bend my weak meaty knee and hail ourmetal overlords
I,m from Russia,and i,m watch this video.It,s amasing.Nigel S you a very good man!
Another AWESOME mind blowing video Nigel... You've almost out done the Cymatics video... I was hoping for some Cymatics bits in here, but needless to say this video was awesome, especially in 4K!!
wait....the movement, especially the blur, look a bit strange. it is all special effects?!
Something more than music and that fills your ideas but above all that makes you feel the beats and ambientalize your emotion.
We need a making of Nigel!
We came such a long way from animusic, wow!
Wow! Incredible work! I've been a musician for 47 years (keys, guitar, drums) but I haven't seen anything quite like this before...with the exception of Animusic.com (all cgi & music). This is even better!
what kind and what company headset is he wearing ?
I just can't deal with how good this is.
I don´t know rick, it looks fake :P
It sound i very will want to listen in my car. Very well.
this is th etype of music that is used to greet aliens. good god this sounds beautiful
one of the most beautiful pieces ive seen in a long time
The CGI stands out so much... It's a cool idea, though.
This is DOPE!!! Downloaded the album on itunes!!
Music made art...Art made music...Art=Music...Whatever you pick is good election...
о боже мой, это прекрасно!
Великолепный клип и музыка неплохая
Reminds me a clip of Chemical brothers.... terrifying
Amazing... better than Cymatics... and that was a masterpiece😳
I like it very much! I think that it is amazing!
It's grandiose!\nYou are a good person!
Very well animated, hell of a lot of work!
Да уж, очень трудоемкая работа, автору большой респект!
Everytime when I see triangles it reminds me Illuminaties...
Simply amazing video, and album! A fantastic addition to my complete collection of Nigel Stanford work! Keep them coming!
Da fq, what did I just watch :D Music is awesome!
greetings and gratitude from Russia. CYMATICS watched 50+ times, listen to it in the car! now history will repeat itself!! and with even big impatience will wait for your next masterpiece!!!
It took ages to wait for this masterpiece! Thanks for making all this happen :)
Sir! Once again I have listened to this record many times. Great work! Great Passion! A privilege to hear it. As always your videos are fun to watch and always well done!
Well, that was epic! The most INCREDIBLE video I've ever seen! I added it to my playlist Interesting Videos. If you want, you can check it out to see other awesome videos :)
Sensational, his genius is uncommon. Congratulations. Beautiful work!
This. Is. Excellent. As an automation engineer, we rarely get to see robots used for things other than factory setting work.
This made me cry. In a good way. Science vs. Music did that too. \nOh, I liked how those DJ robots did their thing with DJ equipment. :)
I hear noises I don't see any robot making. It's not only a guitar and a piano there's lots of shit behind and this is pure shit.
Very interesting happened! Robots are coming - but they are musical! :)
Very impressive, Nigel! Just as an idea, how many people behind this and how long took to program the robots, record and edit the videos etc?
Both video and music are awesome!
Looks like what I would be doing in I stayed in one place in the World longer than 3 months or so. What team produces these videos?
Dear Nigel. Both music and video are brilliant. Looks like both inspired eachother. Hence it becomes a chicken and egg question. So, what inspired what?
Bravo! this inspired me so much when i work up and found it in my newsfeed, raised my spirit when i was feeling the blues :)
wow the animation is great! I love it. And the music too!
This is absolutely awesome! Whoaaa! Great work! Perkele!
Lentach Army Here?
Trippy
Awesome!
Genio!!!
fantastic!!!
Another brilliant album! Cheers Nigel.
What a masterpiece!
German technology... what else?
Trop bon
Вы крутой парень!
My kids loved this. Please do a how it was made showing the programming side of the robotics.
I see this video everyday. Its awesome
too much artificial intelligence, occultism, illuminati symbols for my taste, every day more these things are tolerated with a certain normality this is very brazen approach to what day by day continues to grow, evil, and saddest of all is that they love, this, nobody is against, nobody says anything against this, all support this crap.\n\nMay God protect us. or will Sennheiser Kuka Americas and Nigel Stanford protect us when the new world order is revealed?\nwaker up people this is NOT REAL MUSIC, this is predictive programming.
It's amazing and all that BUT something just feels a bit off. Are those robot arms in this video CGI or real? Some shots seems real and some shots seems so fake. Dunno if it's caused by postprocessing or it's CGI. Btw, shots with laser - 100% CGI, i know. But I'm asking about other, regular, shots. Some proof videos about this? Thx.
самая крутая реклама манипуляторов))
уважуха таким роботам, просто берут и делают, хоть у них и лапки
консервные банки > кожаные мешки
Це неперевершено!\nЯ просто в захваті)))
Animusic in real life!
Harikasın süpersin efsanesin. you are great, awesome, legend 😱😎🎸👏✌👌
Great performance!
so god damn coooool!
best video of 2017
well...that was disconcerting.
Excellent merci *
Awesome
GIGAZINEから
Awesome!!!
годится
Maravilloso¡¡¡...
Superb !!! Splendid !!!
Fantastic
DOPE!
Amazing!
sublime
Wow , This is Awesome! Iam hooked.
life gland
охрененно...
Un-effing-believable!
So good !!
однозначно лойс.
Fucking good
I am high.....
Awesome dude! My tears come out.
Cool!\n\n#OdedFriedGaon #OdedMusic #Audioded
Cool!!!
Это просто шикарно!
Amazing, simply amazing...
brilliant work
wow
Goosebumps at 3:08 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻😇😇😇😇😇😇
this is freaking epic stuff
Це дуже круто. Я в захваті.\nВідтепер я твій фанат.
رائع رائع رائع رائع ..... مذهل مذهل مذهل أحسنتم
I didn't get it.... Are those robots real? Are they played for real? Or it is graphical edit  that looks such real?????? The video is MINDBLOWING!
$60 for 2 like eyeshadows is ridiculous. Like it could have gold on it and I would still pass
Your eyes! 😍
@Tati pls pls:  Kate Von D SAINT + SINNER palettes review !
Nope... all kinds of nope!
definate tutorial on todays eye look please
Gorgeous compacts! But are they refillable?
🙄🤑🤑🤑 i'll pass
wow!!! That's all I got!
I do love that blue! I really wanted to recreate your eye look! Super cute and simple but it's gorgeous!!! Omg!!! You remind me so much of Victoria Beckham! You are defs posh spice! 💕💕💕
$60 for 2 shadows????? Insane to the max✖️
Tati, can you help me witj a products that wont wont cloge my pores  love you
No, no, and no! \nI WOULD NOT spend $45 for ONE eyeshadow, I would  NOT pay $60 for TWO eye shadows, and I sure as hell would NOT pay $95 for FOUR eye shadows!! 😮\nThere was nothing spectacular about those shadows to justify those prices! In fact, IMO there is NOTHING in this whole line that anyone could possibly justify spending this kind of money for! I think of that eyeshadow quad being $95, and all I can think is the number of beautiful, high quality palettes I could choose from at Sephora...AND I could buy TWO palettes and possibly STILL come in UNDER $95!!! 🤔\nAt these prices I wouldn't be interested even if Victoria AND David personally HAND DELIVERED them to my damn door!! Hahaha
The highlighter is just a re release of Modern Mercury. Thank you for the video!
Makeup is so stupid now. And pretentious. These companies can go F themselves
tati your makeup today is killing me its so beautiful omg!!!!!!!
Your skin looks perfect! What Is making your skin so dewy?
what make up did you use for the first part of your video? Your skin looks incredible.
OH NOOOOOOOO I just ordered the Smudgy Eyeliner, I wish I'd seen your review first. Was it possibly just dried out and flaky? The concept is good, maybe I'll like it 😉
Tati is queen
I wish the review of Fenty Beauty would have been like this.  😬\n(Sorry about my english)
That white shirt suits u tati
Your eye makeup is GORGEOUS!!!
I just couldn't stop looking at her eye makeup! So pretty!
GIRL 30 bucks for 1 eyeshadow ?? and People are shitting themselves over an $8 natasha denona shadow lol
Clickbait! Lol Tati
Ur skin looks photoshopped!!!
I loved this!
Loving the eyelook!!!❤️❤️
your makup looks great
your makeup look is absolutely gorgeous <3 <3 <3
Reindeer nose contour
Tati, where did you get those earings? 😍😍
thumbs up girl!
Love your eye makeup! Slayyyyy
Obsessed with your eye make up!!!
How about a full face using only Clinique makeup and face lotions/toners/primers??!! Please!!!
You can slay any makeup thrown at you!! I'd never spend that much on two eye-shadows when I can get an entire pallet of high quality shadows that are full pallets for that. If I'm going to, well if I could, splurge, I'd just get the new Natasha Denona pallet that I want so badly.
When does this come out in U.S. stores??
4 eyeshadows for 95$ man that better change my eye color, see thru the dark, see when someone is a fakeas$ and see the future
*THAT GLOSS LOOKS JUST LIKE GLOSS BOMB FROM FENTY!AND THE FENTY ONE SMELLS LIKE VANILLA AND PEACHES RIHANNA SAYS!!!*
:: i especially love your eye look today 💪🏼💫::
Love your earrings! Can you tell us where you got them?
I just love how honest u are ur great
The freaking prices are absolutely ridiculous
$60 for an eyeshadow duo. What the deuce??!
I am getting one of the eyshadow duos but im confused is the formula at least good?
the annabelle silver cream shadow looks exactly like that stuff
You look as luxurious as that packaging 😚
Wonderful review. Starting g following you today. Thanks!
$95 dollars for FOUR SHADOWS! I'D RATHER BUY A NATASHA DENONA PALETTE THEN
I feel like Tati has gone down the expensive make up route which in honesty I'm happy for her because you know she's making that $$$ but at the same time sad because she would be my go to person for drugstore make-up. Now I can't really relate to the videos or watch the much because it's just high end after high end or make up you buy online. :/
Where is that giant crease brush from?
i just subscribed to your channel, your thumbnails dont do any justice to how beautiful you are! i always saw you on my recommendations, and never realized how sophisticated and gorgeous you are, until i pressed the play buttom😅😍! 🇭🇳
Wouldn't spend a dime on this line. I guess every Tom, Dick and Harry puts out a makeup line.
You've made me OBSESSED with the blue lower lash line! I do it ALL the time now <3
Tati could you do a tutorial on your look today. Your eyes look gorgeous!!!!!!
Real talk though: how does that primer compare to the loreal lumi one?
tati can you review Paul & Joe cosmetics ??
Seriously $60 for 2 eyeshadows? I think Natasha Denona's would seem like a drugstore brand in comparison!😆
Will this be at sephora? or only department stores?
Finally something different. Different product. I haven't seen anyone trying this out.
Seems awfully expensive. You could get a pretty good, large palette for the same money elsewhere......
I went broke watching this video. LOL. love you Tati. great review as always. 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
I thought that Victoria was with Tati from the thumbnail...
Omg yes crazy for 95 bucks but that blue looks amazing on your eyes!
Tati I did a video on a jelly face mask but I though it would be a good wtf item for you to try out!
You might as well get the Natasha Denona pallet
I think that they should sell an initial launch/line with the expensive packaging and then the products without all of the expensive packing. Definitely feel like some of the more expensive products you're paying for the packaging (which is great by the way) and I would get it if it weren't for the price.
Appreciate your honesty that's what keeps me watching xxx
Another overpriced makeup launch. Makeup is marked up 500 times
Eye makeup looks amazing today!! Also, her skin legit looks airbrushed today??
I can't tell you how much I appreciate you channel, your honesty, your high-to-low thinking in products <3 so happy to have your advise in my life (and youtube feed)! Go Tati!
those prices are a complete and utter joke. you can get dupes that are just as good and are way more worth it
You look so much like Victoria Beckham in my opinion! I can definitely see a likeness there! If you see this comment, I'm from Wales in the U.K. and adore your channel!! You're one of the reasons why I have such an interest in make up. Thanks for all your hard work uploading videos, you're really one of the best youtubers! Lots of love, an avid subscriber x
I was going to buy some of those products for my mum for Christmas :)
Ha, Pixiewoo did pretty much the same with those eyeshadows and the foil! I can't see a different way of using that odd combo either.
I was going to completely pass on this collection, but after watching this video I just placed an order for the eye foil.  Looks stunning Tati!!
This eye make up, makes your eyes look really small.. not a good one.
Omg Estée Lauder has lost there minds I brought a ND LILA palette for the first time and wow I thought that 129 was a bit much for 15 shadows and They have 2 tiny for 60 and 4 tiny for 95 and a primer for 95 totally ridiculous all makeup companies better be taking notes fro RIHANNA & that is what's up she just set a whole new expectation for makeup
Packaging is so gorgeous...but too expensive for my budget.
any of you want to support each other and sub to each others channels? I sub back! plz let me know :))
I love this review Tati. I just got the powder, quad, foil, bronzer, highlighter and the black and cream duo. The quality is amazing! Can you do a tutorial with this eye? It is stunning!
I find it weird how you say its up there in price but dont you use the Sisley primer and other products that are way more than this??
Hi Tati! Love this eye look! Any dupes you could think of for the Eye Foil?? Or similar glitters? xx Thank you <3
it's funny how in the comments people be like 'it's too expensive!!!' but where i live makeup is quite expensive (that's why i don't wear makeup lol) these items will be much expensive in my country.
I feel like rare smells like vanilla flowers all the time
For 95 dollars you could save  more money and buy Natasha Denona, better quality, mucho more product...
Tati. I would love to see you do more off brands like juvias place and other brands like that. Or like the glitters/shimmer from smolder cosmetics!!! Pleaseeee
I hate this eye makeup. The glitter looks so childish and messy
but taro YOU'RE MY FASHION icon
Hi Tati - could you review loose powder foundations from the drug store? I want to try bare minerals but its hard on the budget :)
There are two shades of the bronzer when I look online. Which shade are you talking about here Tati? We have similar coloring so I want to get what you have :)
Tati!!! Please WTF Beauty Pie makeup and skincare! I totally value your opinions and would love to see if you think it's a good deal.
Your eye look is so pretty. I am going to get that eye foil. I hope VB meets YOU someday.😀
The packaging yes it's beautiful. But the price is.... bleh. Tati your eyes is so intense today, I love your blush or anything you put on your cheek. So beautiful.
I love Tati but sometimes she focuses too much on the packaging when, in reality the packaging (beyond a pump for foundations and primers) has almost nothing to do with why someone should buy a product, ever!
That nose contour does not look good.
I spend a lot of money on makeup, but never in my life would i ever spend $95 on an eyeshadow quad lol this collection is way too expensive
You look absolutely stunning tati
I love your eye makeup transformations just love ❤️ itt☝️😱
THE FUNNIEST PART WAS WHEN THE GRANDMA SAID, Momma godda smack dat!
I want to see this version
This is comedy at its best good one
but they love me... - I know...  This is brilliant.  How did a bad lip-reading make me feel like I watched Lars and the Real Girl? Touche universe...
Another BLR breath of intelligence in a generation devoid of creativity, originality and genuine humor.
You guys have to do the scene in Tombstone when Doc Holiday meets Johnny Ringo.
I have no clue what the real show is about, but I wanna watch this show instead....
This sounds like a really good fake movie... now I want to really watch it.
Does anyone know the song at 6:10?!?
If this was what the actual show was like, I would still watch it... lol
They don't post near enough.
Okay BLR you need to get this green-lighted and get the director from Napoleon Dynamite to direct it. You guys have a hit here.  I want to see this in theaters by next year.
Amazing how it actually looks like they're saying it based on looking at their lips
I'd watch this if it was a real movie. This was awesome, lol
Being a big fan of the show I think this is an excellent spin on what the show is actually about, I mean this is so cool!
This is the first time I've ever been interested in watching this show.
I love you guys. If it is possible you should redub a whole show.
I only date women who have little tiny fingers.
Meby babaque or meby burrito
SOY PAPLO!!!
Definitely prefer this translated version of the show.
Which is the song that plays at the end? Thanks
That's the plot of a Bollywood movie called Don.
Anyone know what's the music at the end?
Can anyone tell me the name of the song at the end? I think it's pretty awesome
Maybe a salad\nI don't train myself to starve\n😂😭😂😭😂😂😂😂😂😂
Awesome and the real show is a freaking masterpiece
Never thought love had much of a point. But I was wrong: it has a thousand points. #incredible
What's that song at the end?
This parody trailer was more cohesive than many other real trailers.
This should be the actual show
This was awesome. Just binged all 3 seasons. Loved it!! And this!
Bravo! I'd watch this version.
Great job. Love this show. 👍😎💸
Hi Bad Lip Reading can you do Jacob Satorious--sweatshirt please and thank you
this story is more interesting then the real narcos
I'm really disappointed that this isn't how Narcos really went lmao
This is LITERALLY the exact opposite of the show 😂
This was a bit of a tear jerker.
Poeeeease do another Game of Thrones one
This needs to be a real show, same with Medieval funtime land
Who are you? Your beautiful firstborn son!LOL!!!
Pepe saw me pooping while I was eating s'mores and also crying.
This is so great, that I think I've watched it at least 3 times a day since it came out. Keep up the good work BLR!
This is better than the actual movie! 😂
Can this please be real. Like I said please.
What's the song at 6:10?
Pablo is like the H3H3 of crime 😂
I'm looking for the song lol
I've watched the show but this vid was believable!
The gun is real 😂
Press the cork board up so the entire manatee is behind the preacher. I like blr's new style. Making it suspenseful, humorous, family related, then emotional. This should totally be a real movie taking out some funny parts. I think this was a great blr and blr should make more like this. Your head IS a butt.
I wish this was a real show!
Is this the real plot of the show?
was this really part of the real story? or drama started now.why not using same voice.
do the new Steven King's IT. please?
This pisses me off cuz I want this to be a show now,  and I'll never see it
Can i have just have the full version of the song at the end please
Narcos was good but I wanna watch this show
Wow. That was really really good. I'd see the shit out of that movie.
Do one of The Sopranos!
Best video of the year........Have my subscription u fellaz
I love this BLR film. 😂😂😂😂😂
Wack
When is it coming out?
How much weed does it take to make one of these?
Can you do The Princess Bride next? Maybe?
Never trust an edited comment.
Wut is the actual story to narcos?
This is better than season 3!
No art is complete without a song.\nI want a boogie!
The editing was so good for the trailer style effect.
This is a damn masterpiece.
Genius! BLR really created something Epic here. Taking a TV show like Escabor and creating a false spin off in a Movie Trailer. That is funny, makes since and will make you real for the main character. This was Amazing!
Is nobody gonna talk about 1:32
I would legitimately watch this if it was an actual show.
I feel like this show would have one of those moments where 2 people who look alike are about to get shot they say they're the real one
Mommy needs to hit that😮😂😂😂😂😂
I would actually watch this and be happy about it
U guys should do a BLR if Nacho Libre.
I fuckin love how you turned this spoof into a movie trailer for one of those typical corny,disguise/action movies from the early 2000s.. the music gave it away lol
I'd for real watch this if this is the plot. But it's not so.. oh well.
Please do Stranger Things
This is legendary
Love it...
Funnnnnnny
OH HEY MEXICAN FOOD
This is beautifully edited. Bravo, BLR!
YES!!!
Wow bravo!!
feel that pinch?
This deserves and Emmy
That really impressed me.
'Momma need to hit that lmfaooo🤣
fantastic
Oh man damn funny!!!!
maybe bbq or maybe burrito. 😂
Maybe bbq or maybe burrito\nLMAO
This got surprisingly emotional
Nice vid... Seya in a month
My balls itch just looking at these things
And where there are marine creatures, there is coyote.
cody come to lousana to get bet by a co\nper head
Can you do a getting bit by horse video? Please.
This is FAR more scary than Joy Of Creation xD
I think he shouldnt use a title like that, it rests content on the video. In my opinion exploring the tide pools of hawai would be more fitting
Well done on 8 million , when I used to watch Brel and she was in 3 mil for forever and we just raced passed her
It looks so much like Reunion Island !!
Coyote get stung again mark it got you again?
Did anyone jump when he held it and it stung him?
Why dont you guys have a show in TV???
Steve Irwin: Wow mate, we got a little Alpheidae here!\nCoyote: Whoa, I got some kind of shrimp creature. I'm going to gauge its pinch (attaches shrimp to nipple)
*i wish coyote was my teacher 😂 much better than Mr. Raymond 😔*
He should of had on finn's backpack when he said Adventure Time. 😂
*gets stinged blleed like millon times* me:I think he already dead but he is a ghost :|
CONGRATS ON 8MILL
Or a trained Rottweiler
Starmie @14:41. Thanks me later.
make a draw my life
Congrats on the big 8mil! Well earned :)
Coyote NEEDS to do an episode with sharks in it! like if you agree
Yo How He Got Health Insurance For All The Stings And Bites He'd Taken Dude?
10:50 Brave Wilderness Movie in the future possibly..? 🤔
Can you please get bit by a horse for the next video? Thanks
Do one in Hawaii
i believe in grocery shopping guy @2:56
me and my twin have touched sea urchins (not spiky)
your beyond the tide vids are my favorite.
*(Coyote Gets Hurt Over And Over And Over Again.)*\n\nMark : You Alright? Did He Get Ya?
what a beautiful place
How does he still  have fingers🤔like👍not👎
Another great video!  You guys are the best!
Coyote Peterson and this is my pawn shop
Dis guy cool I'm gonna watch his vids
i really can't belive this guy he's a god
Can I get 100 subs with 2 videos?
You should make a movie
Get barbed by a sting ray or a skate.
wow that shrimp was so bright \n\n\n\n\n\nbrighter than my future ;-;
Hi. I'm Coyote Peterson and I'm about to enter space without a suit.
I'd love to try edible varieties. The eggs inside are like salmon roe or caviar but smaller, from what I've seen
I wouldn't a crab crawling up my butt and eating my insides
Who dislikes these videos? wtf
it looks like a peppermint shrimp, which is pretty common.......
i love eating raw sea urchins :0\nit just melts in your mouth!
I ment to say frog  by accident
Whoever does the background music makes it feel like a movie
And where there are marine creatures, there's Coyote
you sound like charlie from sunny lmao
10:56 Woah a rainbow
The end tho omg 😍
4:29 age restriction
Hi
Look for a pufferfish
yummy kinas NZ
Hi!
SEA URCHIN!!!!
7:04 HE FLIPPED US OFF OMG
Explore Great Barrier Reef
How did that happen? CHEW CHEW
Crongrats on 8 million
8:51 chuu chuu
from open ocean
The 2nd time he got spiked I got the Crap scared out of me lol
This channel is like Cartoon Network Adventure Time, but in real life lol
When I hear island I think of Tasmania. YOU ARE NOT AUSTRALIAN GTFO OF HERE
When u say island what comes to my mind is Australia
at 6:12 in the background there were big splashes what was that
1:28 I got bored and went to watch Adventure Time! XD
THE QUALITY
When COYOTE Plants All His Creatures facts .
I have drank,the black ones in Greece, after four ,u are in to a whole onther world, amazing high ,amazing ,
His voice is not cut out for his work.
Why do you do this to yourself ???? It's so painful
This guy earned his subs, other people like lispyjimmy, mrbossftw, and other youtubers, clickbait, it's pathetic, btw congrats brave wilderness on 8 million subs you earned em. 👍
You should go to Puerto Rico
Lol he said it's called secret beach I live in Hawaii and pretty much every beach someone doesn't no the name of they call it secret beach
The only entertaining YouTuber who doesn't clickbait
1:33 am I some how the only one who thinks Coyote Peterson looks like a badass with glasses on?
This guy is honestly the best Youtuber alive
OMG!!!!!!!!! I GOT THE BOOOOOOK!!!!!!!!!! AND ITS GOING TO BE HERE IN ONLY 7 DAYS!!!!!! I AM SOOOOOOO HAPPY OMG!!!!!!!!!!
he flipped us off lol not really
Hello Coyete,\n\nDid you try getting shock from Electric Eel and Are you planning on trying it out with Electric Eel in any time future?
I want to see that you see a koalah
YOWZERRZZ!!!!!
10:30 😍😍😍😍
CONGRATS FOR 8 M SUBS!
PaYoTe CeTeRsOn
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKRnASBWr8vZ61VMG06CzHPuqXgBeoxA8
mark: how did that happen??\n\ncoyote: chiw chiw
Im getting spongebob vibes from that urchin
as if you're gonna wear pants at the beach
I love you so much I want to live with you
+ you were in kuai and i was in Ohou so i still would not have seen you
I found sea urchins have their anus on top, like starfish. But that aside, this is great to witness :D Never knew they came in the helmet variety, and that shrimp is really awesome.
i love this channel, congrats on 8 million!
Well deserved 8 mil subs man. Every video has good detail, perfect camerawork and a funny host.  Please consider making documentaries of the places you visit (40-50 minutes).
Its all on set
AWESOME
The helmet urchin is the roomba of the tidepools
it'd be great if u had better guest tbh
I miss the old Sean Evans
i got two of those secret aardvark in my fridge its soooo goood
I was trying to watch this eating a Carolina reaper
The song he mentioned and the video sucks so hard.
keep getting big EDM acts.. see if you can get Tiesto, or Armin Van Buuren
Sorry jauz but your a little bitch sometimes 😂😂 @jauz
Chappers and The Captain from #AndertonsMusicCo want to come on the show. Please get them on! :D\n#RobChapman
Or Kevin heart , or Chris Tucker
Watching a guy rise to greatness is an amazing journey. Good Fucking Job Sean!
Dillon Francis seems like the best kind of person to interview :)
Who else eats wings or wants wings when they watch hot ones?
Does anyone else watch this whenever they buy wings?
This is a really great fucking show man. Keep it up.
Last Dab has a 2.4 million scoville level
He actually took this really well
his oh face, at a17:05 lol
Rob Chapman and Lee Anderton wants to be on the show :)
Can we get ces cru on here. They probably wont do it, but it would be dope.
Have Jonathan Davis from Korn on the show
They need Joe Rogan and Hannibal Burris on at some point.
Can you bring Jennifer Lawrence and Millie Bobby Brown to the table! :)
It should really go without saying (If it hasn't already been said heaps before) that you need to find a way to get Neil Patrick Harris on this show
Rob Chapman and Lee Anderton said they would love to be on your show!
The ATL Twins would be dope af.
Dude says pop assholes, at least signing takes talent 😂😂😂 fucking programmed edm bs lol
Milk and chicken is weird! hahaha
8:04 Rickkkkkk
Busta Bust!
who tf color graded this
Get Donald Glover (childish gambino) on here asap!
Get Bill Skarsgård on here
Botched vasectomies
HYPED for the yung pinch collab
Invite michael from vsauce next
Chappers and The Captain from andertons TV are really wanting to eat some stupidly hot wings, they're brilliant lads and absolutely hilarious too, give 'em a shout guys!
Isn't it like the first time Sean has cursed? 😮
Sean. My man. Stop giving me a heart attack with that laptop placement.
Nice guy and good job!
people who do cross fit never shut the fuck up about cross fit.. fuck I love you
Gotta get charlie sheen on this !! Love your show though Sean !
ive actually been drinking milk and chicken since a baby
Get a WWE star
Ok we get it, just date already
Do one with someone in faze clan
do u go for the- *wing already in mouth* nevermind..
Brian Regan would also be very funny on the show
Well, this guest was boring.
With the Emmys just passed, made me think, what makes something eligible for an Emmy? Can Hot Ones win an Emmy?
Dillon Francis, redist ears in the game
You guys should get Marshawn Lynch on here
Hey Shaun! quick message.\nRob Chapmann and Captain Lee Anderton from Andertons Music Co are requesting to participate. They just love the show!\nHit 'em up!
Hi, please can Rob Chapman and Lee Anderton be interviewed on Hot Ones? They'd really appreciate it :)
Get Adam 22 on here
Those wings need to be cooked more!
Please have Ski Mask the Slump God or Khalid! :)
Boys noize would be fun to see
Had to come by again and say how good that hot sauce is.. Damn it man
One of my favorite episodes!
yo get Stephen King on here
Way better than any vlog. You go, adult, bald man!
Dillion is so cool. This episode has to be my favorite!! You guys vibe'd so good
You guys need to get marshawn lynch on this show it would a great episode
At 9:52 what's the name of the artist that Dillion mentions?
it taste like a piece of shit, LOL
Chappers and the captain want to do this!!!\nMake it happen!
7:59 why is rick in the back ground
you need to get Jamie Foxx
Get logic on the show
When Sean says Where the questions are hot and the wings are even hotter it doesn't sound like his heart is in it anymore.
where did dillon francis get his shirt
get Conor McGregor on this show
You should do interview with Jaromir Jagr and Steve Aoki. I would kill for these two to have them on Hot Ones.
Never shopping at the gap, that was painful having to listen to Cher
sorry can't watch your videos' after having wacked dj's on here
The color on this vid is terrible.
Get Micheal from Vsauce
sick,sick,sick
cardi b
Do one with DJ hanzel
Zac Afron and Channing Tatum please. lol. Leonardo DiCaprio too!
Get Justin Roiland!!
Fuck I love Dillon!
Get bigquint on here pls
I think the debunk of a milk strategy can't be truly tested while using almond milk. You gotta go straight vitamin D, that WHOLE MILK, to get that real coating going. Real milk and hot foods are great together!
So.......hes gay
14:20
his pits were sweaty
Chappers (damn autocorrect)
Frank ocean next pls
What a coincidence.  EDM hurts my ears...
We need Donnie Baker.
im sure u connected with skrillex yap :D
Get Lavar Ball on here
#1 Rule about Crossfit.....Always talk about Crossfit.
can y'all please do Yara Shahidi
favorite interview ever
Poetic Segway
love Gesaffelstein
need one with Borat lol
Those highlighters though! 😍
Hey Fleur!Lovely video!Since you love a more natural and dewy foundation may I ask if you ever had sn issue with sunglasses?I love the more light and dewy textures but every time I wear my summies  I can see the foundation rubbing off at that spot
Ugly girl
you are GLOWING!💫
Looks lovely Fleur
Always reliable reviews! Thanks Fleur! That lip gloss looks amazing.
LOVED the casual setup! :)
Love your videos 😘
love it
You are my favorite You Tuber!!! ❤️❤️❤️🤗🤗
Love your nail color
£6&10 p&p !!!
Why didn't you d a make up look rather than talking only?
Please tell me what you have on your skin?! Like your arms look so tanned and glowy? 🙋🏼👍🏻
I wasn't to quick to jump the Fenty Beauty hype train either but I did get the foundation and I love it. I have oily skin and I was impressed to see that my makeup stayed on and didn't start to look funky after a few hours. Definitely will be getting a few more products and possibly an extra bottle of the foundation.
Do you not have your apartment in London anymore?
Loved your review, it was so honest which was lovely! The foundation looks like my colour which is nice because I am so pale and there are hardly any options out there so it is good that she is covering all shades :) I am so excited that you are pregnant, I can't wait for baby de force!!!
This is probably the millionth fenty video I'm watching 
You picked the ame shades in the Match Stix and Killawatt  as I did  but I am shade 300-320 lol a TRUE medium-tan gal.
Your skin looks so beautiful and float with this collection!!
You're so pretty!! Love this review and look
Such a shame about the foundation colour. I'm excited to see how the products work on my skin. Thanks for the review! Xx
What's that nail polish? Looks amazing <3
Looks like the perfect foundation shade for me so at least you've helped someone find the right shade even though you've lost money haha! Thankyou! X
I love it that you are so honest but beauty products xx \n theoctoberedit.blogspot.com
My foundation Shade is NW 15 for MAC. What Shade would suit me best? I live nowhere near a Harvey Nicholes :(
Brill video! What nail polish have you got on here Fleur? I love the colour! 💜 xxx
Hi! What nail polish are you wearing? I love it!!!
Love the stripes and dungarees combo ❤
I loved how chill this video was! And your review was soooo helpful - I was also hesitant to spring for another celeb range but now I totally want to try out a few pieces!
HI Fleur you look lovely!  Sprinklyofglitter tagged you in a baby name tag can you do it? Would love to hear your answers xo C
I definitely have my eye on a few of these products after watching this! Loved the set up of this video, Fleur!
I love the highlighter duo too. Not a big fan of cream products, but might give the cream blusher/highlighter and cream contour a go.
Iv been watching your videos for yours and i really love the old way of reviewing you have bought back, its felt more natural and like heres the products lets talk! Really enjoyed this video , hope you do many more like this!
you are literally glowing throughout your pregnancy!! <3
Rihanna did go an awesome job she SLAYED her products
Did you put blotting sheets in the wrong way around??
Love videos like this! Feels so down to earth and you look stunning!
Great review. I really enjoyed your thoughts and the makeup looked beautiful.
LOVE this more casual chatty video!! xx
Love the set up for this video! So 'at home'. Thanks for your review :)
Actual product review begins at 11:07. You're welcome. GEEZ! SMH
The Estée Lauder cushion what shade did you use please...it looked gorgeous -\nAs are you!!\nThanks for this,found it really helpful.
I know the foundation wasn't the right shade for you, but kinda wish you had kept it on! I've heard the sticks don't pair particularly well with the foundation formula and wanted to hear your thoughts on it aside from color match!
You look stunning!!! Natural beauty+pregnancy glow= beyond words beauty! Fleur you look lovely, and by far the best/most honest reviwe I've seen so far! Lots of love! Xx Tatty
Hi Fleur do you think the Fenty primer is better then the Two Faced Hangover one?
I love this sort of video! You're so gorgeous but I must say, I'm still not excited by this brand. It seems expensive but cheap...
I always trust your reviews... I tried the gloss on my hand at Sephora , the smell is amazing! It's so pretty.
This is my favourite video of yours in ages. It was a really professional review, IMO. I really like how you gave candid first impressions of the good and bad of each product, whether or not you ended up liking or disliking them. I feel like it was really honest and helpful! I agree with the others, as well: I'm not sure if you've changed your lighting or hair colour, but you're looking extra stunning in yourself here, too. Keep it up!
Great video! The casual vibe, the fact that you paid for the products, watching you apply it like in the old days, all of it! Loved it!
Honestly i loved this style of video!
I don't know if this is true but I have heard that the foundation oxidises to a few shades darker x
Hey Fleur! There have been too many beauty videos lately... At least for me... How about some bags? Shoes? Thanks!
Really love this review, very genuine.....more less planned videos in the future 👍👌
Your pregnancy really suits you! You're stunning! <3
Great video, I fully expected to hear you hating the products because I tend to associate you with higher end brands and products. I really love that you got excited as a consumer and I agree that your video seems to be the most unbiased so far! Love the laid back feel too! Xx
The blotting paper looks like rizla skins and a rolling machine for joints 😂😂😂😂
1) your excitement is contagious, 2) your make up afterwards looks BEAUT, 3) girl, that t-shirt and dungarees are a LOOK
dont think u knew how to pull the blotting paper out because ive seen others do it just fine ..
Where are your dungarees from? x
Loved this video. Loved how long it was and informal. Just chilling it with a friend style.
you literally have a holiday glow with this ! <3
great review. really thorough and well-explained. your word choice is so specific and accurate. keep it up!
I really liked this old style video with a classic review and try on. Looks great and now I would love to go out and pick up that lipgloss! :)
It wasn't Rihanna fans rushing to the stores to get some, it's the POC finally having their shades.
I realize this video was a little on the spontaneous side; that being said, I REALLY enjoyed it. It felt very authentic and had a nice, relaxing vibe. This video was a great example of how you don't need to go all out to make quality content. If the enthusiasm is there, the rest will follow. \nOn a slightly unrelated note, I don't know what it is about this particular video, but you really looked like Hannah in some parts of it. I've never really thought that before. Obviously, I've noticed the familial similarities, but I've never looked at the both of you together and thought, twin moment. For the record, that was meant to be a compliment. You both are beautiful gals!
Really love this style of video, Fleur! Please do more first impression/live haul type videos. xx
Loved this video Fleur! I find that I prefer videos like this (you called it raw). I like it without a studio or studio lighting etc. It feels more natural and less produced and therefore more real. I hope more youtubers go back to this style of video. I want to feel like a friend is telling me about products, not selling me some on HSN. Great job and you look fab!
Fleur, do you still have the London apartment?
LOVE this style of video! You're glowing and look absolutely stunning!!!
I don't think I'm going to indulge in this line myself, but it does look lovely. And I loved the more relaxed, hands-on review style -- both informative and casual, like a (circumstantially one-sided) conversation with a friend!
Might have to get the lip gloss!!
What's your nail color? It's so pretty!
Love this - you should do more first impression videos!
Totally random, but what colour / brand nail polish are you wearing??? Its gorgeous!! x
please do more first impressions just like this! casual, honest, no big production required, just a good solid chat... loved it!
Your skin looks incredible!! Please please do a cushion foundation best and worst! X
The contour colour looks amazing on you!
I'm glad u gave it a good review! I wasn't hyped about the line either BUT once I found out what was in the range, my interest was peaked! I only purchased the lippie and primer. They were out of my foundation and I can't buy anymore highlighters until I've used up what I have. Seriously, how many do u actually need?!?! Ultimately, I'm pleased to see that u liked it bcuz as a black woman, the range of foundations for us is  UNHEARD OF. We still don't have a STRONG market catering to us and our beauty with ALL its many shades. So, I think THAT is really what the hype was about. Black women/girls felt like, FINALLY, someone thought exclusively about US! It's not so much about Riyanna (did I spell that right?) and if my Caucasian, and Asian sisters don't understand that, then you've missed the whole point. #bravo Fleur!
Loved the style of this vid xx
I feel like you match exactly my colouring! Hope you get to try the foundation in the right shade one day
Loved the style of this video, very natural X x
Tear the blotting paper against the blade from one side to the other instead of ripping it :)
Love this video Fleur! So different for you, in a good way 😊 you also look absolutely beautiful! X
Are you going to get a foundation that matches for a second review?
Oh my goodness I love love loved this video! I enjoyed the more relaxed vibe you had going on and you are looking so beautiful. Love to you, Mike & all your fur children! Xx
I hope your read this, but I'm in love with your tragus piercing. Would you mind sharing where you got it? It's so cute!
Your skin looks amazing 😍 pregnancy is really working for you! Are you going to try another shade of foundation? Would be good to hear your opinion of your shade, also love the casualness to the video xxx
I wish you used the white because I haven't seen a review with it yet
very nice video, good review :)
your skin looks amazing in this Fleur! <3
You should never buy makeup online , you should always try it first on your face (physically go to the shop)  , because when you buy online it always ends up being lighter or darker in real life.
I really appreciate your review and POV!
I wanted to say thank you for doing this!  A lot of vloggers who are not women of color are turning their noses up at this. Thank you for doing this for your colorful audience!
what shade are you in estee lauder double wear cushion?
Turn the blotting tube upside down (tooth side down) then rip. As opposed to ripping up upward. Side note, love your nail color 😍
Which colour you have in the Estee lauder cushion foundation .😄
i've missed the tutorials ! :)
Really REALLY loved this style of video, including the natural looking lighting. It seemed very spare of the moment and I got the feeling you weren't planning on putting the makeup on to start with. Something about it just seems so natural and friendly (not saying you aren't always friendly 😁) keep them coming and I hope you are keeping well xxx
Fleur's reviews are the best reviews 💕
'Dude this is crazy I can't believe you have a kid'
This kid is going to be so freaking smart! He started out in this world learning 3 languages! I can barely speak English man!
I'm sooo happy for you guys!!! 😊😊😊
Mashallah wooowww!!! I'VE BEEN WAITING LIKE NINE MONTHS FOR THIS OMGGGG AAAAAAAH :'D
Congratulations guys. He looks just like Bart.
BIG HEAD HE GOTTA BIG HEAD HIS NAME IS Taika WITH THE BIG HEAD. Congratulations tho 😂😂😂
I CANT BELIEVE I MISSED THIS VLOG! IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU GUYS!
Jesus Christ. I cringed when Bart moved the baby without supporting the neck at 16:10.....
Hate to ruin the mood, but Taika DOES NOT mean strength in Hawaiian! Mana means strength in Hawaiian! But Taika does mean tiger in Maori! But congratulations to you, Bart and Geo! I'm so happy for you two!
i should seriously stop watching their vlogs when i eat
Asian babies on average have bigger heads. I'm terrified for Tiff!
Sooooo Kawaii!!!! Grow strong Taika!!!
Welcome to the world Taika AKA BABY UNCO SAME!!!!!!!!!!
The Maori word for Tiger is Taika! so he's literally a little Tiger, soooo cute!
he's half beaner like you LMAOOOOO
I can't find catfish anywhere  pls help with a link pls
He was born on my birthday ahhh
26:50 I thought the baby was in the bag...
Omg I just thought of it. The baby might have to learn 3 languages.
Idk why but I totally teared up when Bart's mom started talking to Taika in Chinese just after Tiff spoke to him in Spanish... Boy's gonna grow up in a beautiful mix of cultures <3 Welcome to the world Taika!
Why does tiff no so much about changing diapers and swaddling
Someone forgot to blur out Tiff's breast.
Bart did you hear Tawin answer your mom with hecups
Around 9:27 Bart smile looks exactly like his mother.
Bart you are going to be a badass dad
Jesus every moment of your life your videoing, your son is born maybe just be there and take it all in smfh, these vloggers
Taika is about to be tri-ligual AF
Am I the only one who is thinking , who is that asian girl in the beginning of the video???
I love Bart's mom soooooo much!!! She seems to always be so genuinely happy and full of life! Congratulations!
Just wanna ask, is taika considered big for a newborn baby?
He's tall looking
Congratulations to y'all 😍😍☺️☺️🙂🙂 Baby boy is so cute 😍😍☺️☺️😘😘
Congratulations on the birth of Taika!💐
6 hours...lol I was  in labor for 4 days ...but omg I've been watching you guys for so longggg....so happy for you two...such a beautiful baby boy💞
Damn he's gonna speak 3 languages
Awww I cried!!! I cried! Tears of happiness for you both, ma & pa bear! 😭😍
Is she Asian or native american\hispanic?
Bart just sounds so happy in the beginning when he kept saying, good boy. T_T
That baby is gonna be trilingual as FUCK!
I am crying in happiness this is beautiful
dude this is crazy I cant believe u have a kid dying
What is the stuff on taika's back when they were trying to clean him
The david and geo bond rn is so damn cute man
That baby is big! 0:08
Ahhhh he's so freakin cute!!! 💙💙💙  omg he got a lot of hair already 👍🏾 so cute!!! Am crying baby bwear! Congrats Mama and Papa bwear!! 💙💙💙
Congrats on having Takia home & settling into being parents!\nYour both doing Great! He's to adorable you just want LOVE him up! \nGod Bless your Beautiful  little growing family!\nGeo, you look so very happy, Your doing what you were meant to do, Mothering comes quite naturally  on you!\nSending Positive vibes your way!\nPEACE LOVE & DREAMS!🍁\n💝🗺🌐📷🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟✔👪👌🌄🌴🍼🕊💞💭❣🎬
Holy shit. It's been this long. Crazy man, I've been watching these guys for like 6 years. Congratulations, best of luck. U guys will never know how much u influenced me and helped mold me as a person
6 hourd, thats weak, my mom was stuck with me for 28 hours, she went through hell
i would kill to have an uncle like Joe
Congrats!\n If you have a baby girl in the future and name her Leona then the house will be Leona's and Taika's  and Beaw's oh my!
Awwww David is being nice to Geo. Congratulations Geo and Bart.
I love your Filipino baby😂😂
his head looks like a half empty sock but still so amazing and what a blessing
What 180 people can thumb down a child's birth
Geo's got that mom glow around her. She seems so different
I just spent like five minutes listening to an asian woman recite a speech to a baby.
Who are the 178 (at my time of viewing) haters? I swear some people have no life, you can't just wish them happy? Does it trigger you that much that these awesome people are happy and you're unhappy about you're freaking life? Seriously!
Congrats Geo!  You have brought magic into the world.
I know I'm late but congrats you guys! I'm so happy for y'all.
taika sounds like a girl name
Happy for you two, Congratz on the new born!!!
OMG I was crying... I dont even know why... I was just crying... jesus.... Congratz Geo and Bart and WELCOME TAIKA!
Awweh, this makes me miss when my second baby girl was born ! Same thing as well, LOTS of hair, chubby, xD and everything !\nCongrats you guys :) Taika is such a handsome baby boy ! Enjoy them while they smoll, cause they grow hecka fast ! My . Myra was born December 29th 2016 and now she's almost 1 years old, time flies !
Also laughing at exactly how much Bart looks like his mom, she literally looks like Bart as a woman I'm crying LOL
Geo must b so loose if she didnt tear or anything
Seeing how proud you are to be a dad is inspiring Bart!
17:49 David says fool look like he smoked a blunt 💀
Davis is such a good friend, he likes to act thought but he is a teddy bear.
Amazing guys!!!! congratulations bart and geo your going to be amazing parents well done geo you done it!!
I don't speak that shit bro
DAMN BART YOU HAVE LIKE KNOW CHILL WITH THESE CAMERA SHOTS
Very unique name best of wishes
Wait was baby taika born on the year of rooster just like me
Now, when's the Next one coming?
Oh my god, this all happened so fast! I'm so happy for you guys, he's adorable!
Taika means magic in finnish :)
Bart & Geo & Taika ! the channel grow !)
Shoulda gave him my name, man lol
taika is perficet
Awwwwwwwwwww
Who thumbs down this?!?!
Tiff speaking to Taika makes me want to cry 😭😭😭
Congratulations
Omg I'm so happy 😍😍
That little burrito is so adorable
Bart's my dawwwg
Taika sounds nice!
i have flatter feet than Bart lmao
Do you feel this finga enagee 😂😂
Congrats!!!!!!
Tiffs reaction made me tear up
CONGRATS!!
Congrats On LittleStrong T He Amazing
24:45 omg!!! Lmao thats actually my name ilian !!! awwwwh the bebe isa sooo cutee congrats to both of u guys
Congratulations!!!!!!
22:18 Bart ffs😂
Taika is cutest Chinese burrito I've seen. Grats, you two.
congratz
Congrats Geo and Bart!  He is adorable
Congratsssss
gurrrrrlll!! you're trending what what
OMG a 3 legged doggy!! how precious!!!
No one wants to sleep on these stiff sheets THAT comment at the end had me laughing so hard that my kids woke up! 😂\nBut seriously, that dress would make such a cute Shirley Temple Halloween costume. All you need is the cutesy pin curls. 😁
if you want know more about shein, you can read: www.sheinblog.com
Luckily for you anytime you're visiting LA you can bring your summer clothes because we only get fall until about 10am and then it's back to being sunny
Uggggh. Need strapless bra options for those with a large chest, but smaller chest diameter....32. Can't find any that stay put!
GET A LIFE LOSER LOLOL
never be guilty about gingham
In my opinion, the fit of everything except the blue collared shirt was off! You get what you pay for and it's too hit and miss for my time and money.
You say you were a mess...well girl I want to be a mess it looks as beautiful as you do. Loved this video. But then I love all your Videos
We all have bad days but u look good
Please do missguided!!! They have such cute stuff but I'm so scared to buy from them bc I've heard not so great things :/ also I love these types of videos! 💖
Girl!! You are making me nervous!! I just ordered this dupe of a ZARA dress. \nhttp://us.shein.com/Shirred-Waist-Dress-With-Liner-Slip-Dress-p-382633-cat-1727.html\nThis is only my second order from there. My first was only a bikini and it wasn't bad.
Where do you get your hair done???? I love it!
I'd be too worried that my card would be hacked on a site like that
Sad the out of your comfort zone dress had a hole in it! It looked so good!! Also, pirate pants!!! Yay!
If you wear an olive colored oversize cardigan with that blue and white button down shirt you love, it would totally pass for fall!
Try Popoly next!!
I wanted to order from here. But wasn't sure. Great review. Sorry can't be a lady. Lol
try Dresslily!
Help me!! 😂
5:30 just sew it
She reminds me of grav3yard girl tbh😂😂😂
Rainbow Brite represent!
Can I please have you as my best friend? 😅  I love your videos ❤️
Seriously I was dying when you said stuff sheets and that dress didn't move! Bahahahahahahha
For these exact reasons, this is why I just don't order online. Between my chicken legs and lanky arms and the extremely long waits for disappointment, it's just not worth the hassle. Thank you for confirming my thought process! 💋
I ordered from the Shein site and there were a handful of items worth keeping, but I was not in love with any of them.  The sizing is too inconsistent and it is hard to tell if the item is made with quality material.  Considering the money I spent, and the fact that I only liked a small amount of the clothing, I decided it was not worth it and I won't be ordering anything from them.  I would rather go to the store, try things on and keep what I love.   With the Shein items, there was not anything I really loved and I felt like I just kept what was ok.
Your video is Trending!!!
Я один русский?
Do Wish next!
Congrats your trending !! :)
that's cancelled hahaha :-)
Video starts @ 2:43
U look like Meghan reiks
Why is this trending
yaasss trending on youtube
Kys thot
The fabric of the white dress is called tweed... or at least they were going for tweed-esque
I love your personality so much, you crack me up and give me good vibes 😊
I haven't laughed this hard in so long. You are hilarious! I could agree with everything you were saying too, I kept talking back to you 😂😂😂 love your videos always 💕
I think they gingham dress looks good! Also, when you have to report comments because random people are hating #thatshowloveworks
I would recommend trying TOBY. My best friends love it, but I've only tried their formal wear. I'm mean 50% off (for your first purchase) a hot dress for New Years?? Yes pls
That's what happens when leather is bad
White tights under the white striped pants?  And it might help with the credit card issue haha
How can you return the Shein stuff really really quick if it's taken three and one half weeks to get to your house and you were then gone for two weeks?
Thank you for this!!
I love these videos because you're seriously providing a service🙌🏽 Also you're adorable and I love you but that Chanel dress gives me serious LambChop vibes 🤣 idk why!? #WhyAmILikeThis  great review! 💖
You should consider getting a belly piercing
Haha one size fits all is not a thing ok... Go to Asia everything is mostly one size fits all especially South Korea. Which sucks if you are size above US M
You are never a medium! Seriously there is nothing medium about you!! You are one of the thinnest girls I've seen! Very tall- yes.. but not a medium!
... You really expected high quality fabrics and pieces from a cheap site? (For example, the black and white checkered looking dress. Girl it was $14, stop trying to act like it should've been such high quality.)
Leighann, sugar, ya live in Houston.  Summer lasts till well into October, seriously!  (I get it, I do, I'm in Houston, too.)
Omg she is sooo fussy all the clothes look fine!!!
Girl you're on the Trending page - you go!!!!  Now more can see how amazing you are. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
leighann you need to check out the website shopcamp, its all your retro tshirt dreams come true ✨
I ordered a shirt from them over 5 weeks ago and shipping says its sitting in China. they gave me a $2 credit for how long its taking. So glad I only spent $9.
maybe the last dress could be made into a long shirt?
Keep the bigger items and wash them.  They might shrink 😊
Yeah that sweater would fit me like a bra lol looks really cute on you
I really like these kind of videos. That blue dress, the stiff sheet one, it was so stiff you could even hear how stiff it was, it was so noisy lol!
1. reorder the white dress 2. wear the pants with nude underwear and you won't notice 3. wear a belt with the shorts
Brandy Melville is a one-size fits all brand.
There is a site where everything is 5.99..you should try that..I found some good stuff
you are very cute.
I gotta get a card with a alias.. Can't trust the internet..
I can''t stand the one size fits all concept. Its incredibly misleading and its encouraging to see influencers who also don't see the point of it!
I'm out here thinking it's that lady from Scubs
Love these haul/testing videos!! <33 It would mean so much to me if you watched one of my videos!
You have such a calming presence. Can you just hug me all day?
Yay!!!!  Leighann trending!!  Y'all need in on this!!  Subscribe!!
I love the smell of paint, maybe not toxic but yeah
Am I the only one who gets irked by her complaints when she looks perfect and super fit in every single thing? Like I get it, I don't like alot of clothes either but that's because I'm pudgy and muffin tops happen no matter what
Inu inu is a scam lol the material is so low quality
You should do Cupshe. I see a lot of cute stuff on there but am too scared and picky to try it. I loved the rainbow dress on you! Too bad it was see through.
leighann you *are* a lady <3
Before I buy anything online I check if you did a Try-On.\nLove Your Videos!!
Her looking like a mess is better than myself after getting ready for two hours lmao
Wtf do u buy gucci? That stuff is good.
Any other small YouTube channels out there?
Those pjs look so cute! I want them ❤️
You should really keep the orange striped one it looked really pretty on you
I ordered from Shein once and would never do it again. I knew Shein from a fashion blogger name Jessica (hapatime). Their materials are terrible. I believe Shein is located in Asia (Singapore, as I remember). I didn't even bother to return the clothes but gave away to my friends. Just don't even bother to order from this site. Boohoo or Lulus have better quality
p.s. I don't know what the sites are off the top of my head, but i know there are a lot of scammy style bridesmaids dress sites. It might be cool to do a bridal themed style of this video
I love your hair!
All I can say is gawd that bawd!
More try on hauls from scammy sites please!
I've been successful with some bathing suit purchases from Shein. Their high waisted bikinis are so cute.
I remember Rainbow Brite! She was totally WAAAAAY before my time.
I would love to see you do a Wish haul but instead of clothing you could do beauty/makeup products and tools!
Your dog.... melts... my heart 8:48
I love that you test these websites out for us!! 👐 i love your sense of humor!! you are so funny 😂
LOL I'm a kindergarten teacher 😂😂
I assumed your top was just following the pajama-inspired trend, didn't realize it was actual pajamas! So cute 💕
I love how you have a is this a scam? hairdo, lol.
I stay away from those sites. The best quality clothing site imo is ASOS.
Hi Leighann, I live in Maine so cozy sweaters are high on my list this time of year. Lightinthebox.com looks like they have what I have been looking for, but it seems scammy. Want to check it out?  😁
Please try Zaful next! It's a similar website but delivery takes about 1.5 to 2 weeks so not as bad!
Wow you look like that nun from American horror story (also Shein is a bad website I order clothes and they came 2 months later and they didn't even fit. I'm a small person but jeez it's not good)
You'r so negative omg - I got a lot of stuff from shein and I love them all
Well not much to say about the iPhone 10. The display is awesome because it's supplied by Samsung. The iPhone 10 is not a edge to edge display. There is a bezel all the way around the device with a chunky bezel at the top which looks terrible. The face unlock is nothing new and is questionable which was a fail at the Apple event. The price of the iPhone 10 is ridiculous.\nhttps://youtu.be/dItDrk6LIx8
“then i shoot him”..........
*punches a whole in the wall*
But what if you have an identical twin? Wouldn't that mess up the face Id crap
So i wear sunglasses alot do i have to take them off every time i want to unlock the phone
I don't know if everyone is KenM or if KenM is just as real as everyone. . .
So no ones going to mention how much they look like Samsung's now? Minus that home button
So their idea is to remove everything you loved
Steve Jobs Died for this....
How do you unlock it in the dark??
I don't like it..
So you need to open your eyes for it to work. What if someone's  drunk or high? 🤔
why Apple skipped the iPhone 9?
ｉdont think its beautiful
Nokia 3310 is best
Guys 7 at8 nine
Ugly
iPhone 11 = No Power Button?
A talking poop, that's what I call a breakthrough
You only have 5 seconds to stay alive!! 😬😬🚀👟 https://youtu.be/Rusn8Bu4qyU\nTurn it up nice and loud 🎼🎧🥁😄
what does it cost to actually really make it
So if you get robbed and they are trying to unlock the phone make shore you close your eyes.
Oooooh 2 hours extra battery life.  Wait $1000??  With the p2 having better all around specs for $230?  Yeah no thanks.
Apple funds slavery.\nTitanium for batteries mined in Africa by children
This phone just screams, scratch me, shatter me. I dont care what ppl say about its glass strength. A bad angle fall will have a the same result as any other phone, especially a full glass exterior
I rather spend those $1000 on a down payment for a car or rent. \n\nIt mimicked galaxy phones and Snapchat filters. Nothing new, just combination of things.
Pooh I'll stay with my s4
It looks retro for sure.\nSome ppl will really appreciate
The iPhone X is so beautiful! It's a hottest one.
What happen in china..they all look same..
Why is that stupid black thing at the top invading the screen???????? Looks like an eye sore!
is there a headphone jack
Gotta love new iphone! I even created a music video rapping about it yo
why do we need a new version of an Iphone? Did the landfills get lonely? Did the minerals in Africa overflow and demand to be mined while their local governement decided to exploit them while the people starved.
There's no touchID, the design is ugly, it has no headphone jack, the new camera mode is useless, it's too thin, and it doesn't even look like an iPhone. Sorry apple, you tried, and you failed.
so only face id? how tf are they gonna unlock it during night time when in bed?
who else thinks removing the home button is a big mistake
They off nothing of interest to me. All stolen ideas from Android. I'll take my LeEco Pro 3.
I Phone 10 Reasoning  First x-Face ID Phone
nothing but a Samsung with a apple!.  Hasnt been the same since Steve!  The phone passed with him!
alright guys, no phone on Halloween.
Seriously I don't want a phone hitting my face with 30k dots.... what a lost crowd of tool zombies. It's so prettt... reminds me of the South Park series where the smug cloud of Prius cars perfect example of a bunch of idiots
None of these are new features. A new feature would help you take a dump when you really need it.
The Iphone X : The Porsche 918 of phones.
Whoop Dee Doo...'Innovating features and technology that's already been implemented on other phones by other companies by at least a couple years, way to catch up Apple, bravo.!
...an IPhone 4 is better than this, what the hell?
You are creating what Samsung already made . lol
Its so elegant
All for the design but who the heck thought putting the earpiece basically over the display would be a good idea have fun watching Netflix
How am i supposed to remember all of these things ?! 😂 I can barely remember my locker combo ..... 💀
They took out the headphone jack and now they took out the home button
It still doesn't address listening to music and charging at the same time problem and I wouldn't want apple to have a scan of my face, first finger prints now scans of your face this is taking the piss and going to far
Haha he still said it unlocked when it didnt
The first smartphone, IBM Simon Personal Communicator, came out in 1994. A wild touchable screen, no keypad, and multiple capabilities in one are the unique selling point of Simon. However, most of the people get the concept of smartphone was when the first iPhone came out. Due to its slogan “Apple reinvents the phone”, the first generation iPhone is a revolutionary device, people can listen music, play video games, browsing internet with it. Everything with a simple touch is what iPhone can bring people, and iPhone is just an example of the smartphone. People are getting more comfort through this new technology, because now instead of walk to a desktop and do all those complicated steps, they can just type the small screen, then they just send an email through their smartphone. People can use their smartphone to control the temperature of the room, or put some camera in their house, and by connecting to their smartphone, now they can see through their smartphone if any stranger went in their house while they are out for working or playing. \nThrough all those advantages and comfort that from the first generation to the latest smartphone, there are also are disadvantages, and the biggest disadvantage is the smartphone actually cannot compete itself to those specific functional device, such as the graphic of smartphone’s videogame is just not as good as the graphic of X-box or PlayStation and the most famous videogame will only appear on them or a PC, Most of the smartphone’s GPU is also part of its CPU such as Apple’s A10 chip, the concept of its GPU is like the integrated graphics card on PC which is just not a competition to the dedicated graphics card which is the most gamer are using. Due to its lower quality graphics card, most of its games selling point is not the graphic part, but it is the virtual items, which is the more money you put in this game, the more powerful you going to be in the game which just separate its original purpose as a game.   \nThe quality of the camera on smartphones is also not as good as those single-lens reflex cameras. Most of the smartphones’ camera have average 10 megapixels, but a SLR camera have a at least 15 megapixels, and some of them can do more than 100 megapixels, also the SLR camera can add extended lenses which are capable to do more things than a smartphone’s camera, moreover a professional photographer will not use a smartphone to capture an important moment, and also those world famous photographer just prefers a camera, a real camera, for their profession. \nIn school, a calculator (no matter it capable to graph or not) is a necessary tool to use, and the teacher probably would not want to see the student pulls a smartphone out in the class no matter the student is trying to calculate with the smartphone or doing something else, neither the parents wants to see their kids have a smartphone out while they are doing their homework. The problem in this is no matter if they are using as a calculator or as something else, people will still affect by their subconscious such as when you pull out your smartphone during a test, then the teach will think you are looking answer on the internet. Another simple example is smartphone must be turned off during the test (ACT, SAT, GED, etc.), a smartphone without power is less value than a brick. So the issues are not only just technological, there is also the society problem which is the smartphone cannot bring people trust due to its multiple in one features which is you can do something else besides use it to calculate numbers which it can also reflect the trust issue between human. If people trust each other, then smartphone would be totally okay to use on those biggest exams in the world, but essentially not.\nSmartphones can make people’s life easier, and it also let us live in a comfort life, but is this the comfort that people want, does the people approves this “unfinished device” which it does everything, but not the best of everything. People may say that the technology is just not there yet, just compare the different between the first generation smartphone and the latest smartphone, it is getting better. The problem is those bigger devices are also getting better or evolving, this could be a loop which is the smartphone is always one step behind. People may start thinking smartphone is just small mobile device, you cannot compare them, size matters. Either those two professional gaming device or a PC is way bigger than a pocket size iPhone, but if the purpose is to making people live more comfort, than why it is not the best? Does not the best give people the most comfort? Is this smartphone really the result of people trying to live in a comfort life, or it is the result of the laziness of people because it simplifies all those functions, and we all know that the simple version is not as good as the full version.
It's better than I thought it would be
So pretty much if my bf is sleeping
iPhone just can't keep up with Galaxy
jus wait the iPhone come up saying sorry we missed counted it Iphone 9 not X
welcome to the year 2015 the galaxy s6 has the same specs
Still no regular ear phone input 0:37
We are witnessing the last phone apple will ever release, $1000 starting for a phone? Only a tard would spend that.
W
Just found an android app that lets you put the iphone x notch on any android phone. And trust me it looks as ugly as the real deal. It just might save you $1000. 👍
$1000? This phone better be taking me on holiday when i turn it on airplane mode smh
Iphone copied Amazon fire phone on the slide up features and cameras. And also copied Samsung on Camera features. Iphone is still behind.
At 1:37 * looks at phone with eyes closed so it doesnt unlock *\n1:40 * eyes still closed and it unlocks * - magic!!
*Glass Back:* gonna break in less than a week\n\n*No Home Button:* so im supposed to remember all the swiping motions like\n\n*Dual Camera with Modes:* but what if I want to take...like...a normal picture\n\n*Face Unlock:* some random garlic bread looking dude bout to steal it, put it all up in my face and look at all my stuff no thanks\n\n*Apple Pay:* that same garlic bread looking man gonna max my card too\n\n*Price:* i could go to cracker barrel and get fat off the whole menu for less than this\n\nno earbud jack\n\nearbuds probably gonna be starting at $150\n\nis there even a charger jack\n\ntf paying another $300 just to get some juice in my own phone\n\npass
i HATE the design on the top of the phone. Stupid! Buying a LG V30 instead!
I don't care what anybody says I'm not spending $1000 on a phone that doesn't even have a headphone jack.
iPhone 7: no earphones\niPhone X: no home button,\nyeah, we can all agree that the next apple phone product is gonna be super complicated.
The first thing I thought was why does apple keep making new iPhones? Now I have to get another one?
I like it, but if I had one, I would be nervous about cracking the screen.
I'm sorry to say but I don't like it because why would you take off the fingerprint ID and get rid of the home button and the black like the home buttona And I really liked the fingerprint ID because it was really easy to get on your phone and the new Sangsung 9 still has the fingerprint ID so please think about it I'm very sorry but have a nice day.
Hasn't samsung been had face unlock? This just looks like an samsung s8
Jesus already we've got the iPhone 10
All I know is I'm switching to Samsung
He could have said 1 Terabyte instead of 1,000 Gigabytes
How would you unlock it in the dark?
The iPhone X no headphone jack no home button iPhone X the future is now
One question? \n\n\n\n\nDoes it have a headphone jack
So many haters lol ...
iPhone 11: Removed camera and introducing iCam, only $500
More like IPhone XD get it because of XD.......... it’s a bad joke
Super low brigntness
OMG
K
Get a Samsung
Sees IPhone X *FACEPALM*
Why iphone design always copy samsung phone?
IPhone 10. Right
http://destyy.com/q6MWDJ
1:21 yeah blacked out the whole background...
Nonsense
1000 dollars is this dude serious?
Illuminati mind control.
Announced on my bday
1:39 ..
does it band doe
What about sir
What about Siri?
Respect to him... that seems like a real man right here!
WAF
As a fighter, I hate the guy. But this talk here, now that is truth and Mayweather has just got my respect! You want success, get off your ass and work for it!! Money truth!!
1:12 he wasn't running for the presidency at that time you fucking idiot...... Don't try to undermine what Mayweather is trying to say you silly fuck.
I am now officially a Mayweather fan.
Sounds like Floyd sorts himself out Jordan Peterson style.
It's no accident Floyd is where he is in life. #TBE #MAGA #50-0
Yea Floyd.  That stupid bitch at the end tried to play down that he earned the things he has. If you have something she thinks it's privilege. Shut up bitch.  The looks on their faces.  They almost got red pilled.  But slipped right back into their stupidity
First of all, boobies. Second I'm happy Floyd answered that way.
Funny how home boy tries to ask Floyd about Trumps policies then states some false info. Lol, these uninformed people are something else!!
now lets hope THIS video gets millions of views.. which probably wont cause ppl dont like hearing the truth. a damn shame.
Real recognize real.  This is too real for most people to handle or understand. #truth
Floyd is too real for this show. They try to pull him down into the muck because that's all they know how to do?
Anyone else but me notice that black men that are lazy, ghetto, and criminals vote Democrat and blacks that have their shit together, are successful, don't make excuses and work hard vote Republican?  That's because the Republican ones don't cry like bitches and wait for hand outs; they get shit done. The Democrat ones lop around at home waiting for their EBT money. Real black men vote Republican.  #Trump #Mayweather #WorkHard
Total respect for the guy now... That's right dumbasses... TRUMP WAS NEVER CALLED A RACIST UNTIL HE BECAME PRESIDENT!! Do you like how they wanted to try and put them back in their box and he kept knocking them out with logic? ;)
Praise the Lord! Floyd is 100% right.  He's not a sellout like some of our knuckle head basketball ball playing and football players. Maybe they need to get into the ring with Floyd and let him knock some sense into their heads
Sounds more like a libertarian than a republican, shit was still deep though.
and THAT is why Floyd is TBE!   You don't make it to the top thinking and doing what everyone else is doing.   #50-0
If you think Donald trump and mayweather are friends you're an idiot. It's a business relationship just a photo opp you never heard mayweather come out and say he supports his policies.
It's sad that whenever someone successful tells people to work hard to get where you want people boil it down to, well you're blessed/lucky. This dude runs 15 miles at 4am when everyone else is still sleeping and you're going to say he's blessed?
Mayweather fucking nailed this. Thats a real OG.
Yeah floyd was really poor back then and instead of wasting his time to nonsense he works hard to be a billionaire and what I witnessed to some blacks  they are still keep playing the victim and complain and demand something from white people. How about u ppl work than depend on others.. I mean we all have problems you know..
The only haters are the losers looking for a handout. I'm a huge boxing fan but not a Mayweather fan. But I agreed with what Mayweather said. Trump wasn't being called a racist when he was pictured with Rosa Parks and Muhammad Ali. They call Trump a Nazi but do the dumb asses even know Trump's daughter is a Jewish woman and married to a Jewish man with a baby in the picture. The far-left dems are some sorry ass losers.
People think they want the real...but they really don't. They get their feelings hurt
The host is so dumb new legislation to get rid of the dreamers.\n\nThat's the opposite of what's happening lol, Trump is giving Congress 6 months and the opportunity to *save* the dreamers. They'll most likely stay, and it'll be codified into law, an IMPROVEMENT over what Obama gave them.\n\nDreamers will be thanking Donald Trump.\n\nYes DACA will end but it was never constitutional anyway.
Moral of the story: stop worrying about everyone else and do for self. Like he said and for 99% of us, ain't nobody gonna give us shit.
holy fuck i used to hate this guy now hes awesome
Dumb fucking people worried about who the fucking president is
Thanks God, finally a smart celebrity. God bless May weather.
Mayweather is real and he has courage
Wtf I like this guy now
love him!!!  ppl don't like the truth
He is the real Dreamer.
Does anyone have the few minutes after this? I can't find it on their channel just part 1
Funny to see all these trump supporters on here giving big ups to Floyd cause it sounds like he defending your guy Trump but if obama was in office for all of you who complained about him he saying the same about you as well
This the realest nigga I ever heard in my whole life.   Why the fuck black people worried about dreamers?   What the fuck is that gon do for you?   The Democrat Party has turned us all into bitch niggaz and we can't even see it.  Trump may be racist, but if he is he is a lot less racist than Killary and yall know this!   Floyd is on that man shit and the rest of us need to grow the fuck up.
So,  with this dumb Coon's logic,  he should be tripping over $35,000,000 in taxes when he's making over $350,000,000 a year,  thats merely a scratch in the bank.  No shit the average person making $30,000 would be trippin over paying $5,000 in taxes,  Poorer still gets poorer.
he talks like he is retarded, but that mofo made all the sense in the world. Stop bitching and moaning about how u are unfortunate and do something about your life. USA is an amazing country with insane amount of opportunities for one and all to flourish. If u fuck up, its probably ur fault.
The host is full of shit.
Before the McGregor fight, I always thought of Mayweather as a showboat. After he beat down McGregor, my view of him changed slightly in a positive way. Now after watching this video, I have a lot of respect for him. You can see those brainwashed on the plantation pepole in that room starting to get triggered but were at a loss for words. They couldn't believe a black man was speaking of Trump in a positive view. As a Hispanic I can totally confirm what he is saying about these immigrants who are ungrateful hate this country and but won't go back to their home country even though they are always talking about how great it is there. They way I look at is, if the dreamers want to stay, they should take a course on the US constitution, pay a fee and then have to do 4 years of military service. Not all of these dreamers are kids anyway. A lot are late teens, 20's and 30's.\n\nThey system is afraid of the minority groups getting woke to the the real manipulation. They would rather have you believing in their version of being woke: Divide and conquer, race and ethnic politics, etc.
Real talk!
Trump wasn't a racist until he ran for president Thank you Floyd for calling out all the idiots.
oh you blessed... pssst... he shut that bitch up quick though...  I WORKED my ass off... didn't no body give me nothin... whole time they want people beggin for crumbs and blamin 'whitey' for oppressing em into failure... Mayweather's life and verdal testimony kills every argument they create...
Most of the most hysterical protesters k ow nothing of his policies. Ppl hate Trump bc they hate HIM. It isn't his policies. The host if full of sh*t. Mayweather is speaking the truth.
The race hustlers in the room don't care that he's telling them that they have to do it themselves, they have to personally make their lives happen, they're selling the hustle....cause it's easy work selling the politics of envy and promises of government largesse. \n\nThe cavalry isn't coming. Save yourself or it will not happen.
Mayweather a real dude. Like this dude even more now
Looks like another knockout to me
The only time I agree with mayweather on anything
Floyd needs to check his white privilege!!!!......oh wait?
No white pepole there where's the white brother ????
These people are lost and they need to listen to Floyd. He's telling them to stop feeling sorry for yourselves. Stop trying to blame everyone else for your problems. Get up off of your a$$ and do something with your life instead of spending your life assigning blame and complaining. Floyd is a winner in life
You can't become one of the richest athletes in the world if your stupid. Floyd is extremely smart, and he's dropping some real wisdom right here.
Trump didn't say he actually he grabbed a woman by her you-know-what. He said THEY'LL LET YOU GRAB THEM BY THEIR P__Y because you have a lot of money and that's what some women do when they're in the presence of famous.
AMERICA BECOMES A MESS AFTER A TERM FROM ANY DEMOCRAT PRESIDENT! NEVER EVER VOTE A DEMOCRAT ❗️
LOL at all of them not saying shit against him because they'll be thrown off the money train they freeload on. They didn't expect that response, did they? Anyone else would be called a racist KKK member.
5:11 chick didn't hear a word Mayweather said. He did not live a blessed life! He worked his ass off. He put everything into making himself better. Dumb beeyach!
Lesson is people should focus less on news, politics and other people in general, and much more on themselves and how to make money. That's a good lesson, only thing is 99.99% of people are working for low or average wages and not for hundreds of millions in 36 minutes... 99.99% of people wont retire at 40, will work hard as fuck and still take the bus instead of riding a Bugatti. So that's a good lesson but it has its limits.
real talk, never seen a mayweather interview, much respect
Fuck that bitch at the end trying to diminish this man's accomplishments. She just mad cause she defined her own success as ho.
Awesome!
FUCKING BBAAAYYYYYSSED
Woke AF
Mayweather is speaking truth.
GOAT
Smart man right there
real talk
*BLACK CELEBS THAT SUPPORTED TRUMP!*\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by-ler2Ly44
Mayweather just earned my respect. \nStrange timeline indeed!
People love to hate Floyd, but he is a smart guy.  Respect.
Good for him. TRUMP 2020!!!
My man Mayweather!
I loved when he put that bitch in her place when she said he lives a blessed lifestyle. The man clearly worked his ass off to get to where he is. I don't like the way Floyd fights, but he is pretty down to earth.
I don't like the man as a person at all, but he isn't wrong about anything he said in this interview.
Mayweather knows his shit.
Two over the top successful black men, Charles Barkley and Floyd Mayweather, are saying the same thing...listen up!  Concentrate on what you can control...your life, your achievement.   If everyone did that including the illegals, problems would take care of themselves.  It's NOT the GOVERNMENT that determines your success.  It's YOU!  If you didn't vote, you shouldn't complain.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_M9vnv5qIFQ
3:29 ...the new legislation they are putting forward to get rid of dreamers...totally WRONG.  There is no legislation about that at all.  It was a an executive order from Obama that Trump gave congress six months to figure out until it expires.  These liberals are so uninformed and indoctrinated by our media.
If I was Black , and was like how I am now (Meaning same in Spirit (just happen) to be White, I better not be called a 'Coon' for dressing up nice, working Overtime, being a good Uncle or Father, eating good foods, helping others and working out.  Then I would  feel like I did as a kid being picked on by other kids,  that is the definition of a BULLY\nGod forbid you have an opinion about something....  so because a lot of  Italians wear gold jewelry and I don't ,  that don't make me the slang term equivalent of a Coon for what an Italian doing something like that would be...does it ?\nThat's like saying if I get a German Shepard, instead of a Pit-Bull,  I'm suddenly a 'Coon'   Fuck outta here,  its called I don't conform to society and follow others, its called.... I can think for myself.  \n\nIts judging people because if you say someone is a 'Coon' , that is Racist in itself unless there is something full blown pure support for something that would be evil or against the law...like a Black person supporting the KKK is Ironic and that would I suppose make someone a 'Coon'.....  but what the hell would be a good example ??    Supporting the Republican Party ?   well there again that would be judgmental and Racist, since even though I am sure there are racist Republicans, I bet there are racist Democrats too.\nIn the end,  anyone calling someone else such a name is a Bully or just all together jealous.
A rational man and a REAL American. Only weak bitches get caught up in everybody elses fights. Fight your own fights and stop being offended for other people. You didn't put dreamers in this situation. Their parents did. Obama only made it worse. Time to correct the problem one way or another and throwing rocks ain't gonna help.
Tell it floyd!!!
Floyd is the American dream, he came from nothing to become the greatest, respect
Real talk, if you can't handle the truth that's your problem...everything he said is true.
Floyd Mayweather isn't dumb as most people portray him. They will give a forner a loan before a black person. Very true.
Mayweather should stick to boxing instead of giving his ignorant opinions. Real men don't talk about sexully assaulting women and real men don't hit women. Trump might not be a racist but his policies are institutionally racist.
I am a white supremacist, and I'm a pussy grabber, and I lubed up America's asshole and lit Putin's cigarette when he finished fucking the election - so what?  I'm not losing any supporters.  \nSo suck my baby carrot, America.  I moved on you like a bitch.
Now all the black people that was PRO Mayweather will turn on him. His boxing style sucks to watch but he's 100% right with Trump.  All the people are shocked like they were talking to a murderer.....
He wasn't running for President 12 years ago when he mentioned grabbing the pussy.
That dumb slag backpedalled furiously when he stomped her the fuck down for implying he had been gifted a 'privileged' life. They are always the same. Gutless cowards when they get called out on their deceit.
A positive message from Floyd. That took some balls. New respect for him.
Not a fan of Mayweather as a boxer, but I give him much respect for speaking out on this.
Hah!  Floyd rocks!  Thanks for posting this.  I wish you had posted the whole interview tho.Floyd kept on talking about the individual.  That's what this country is about; individuals, not identity groups.
Mayweather is Conservative even though he is black. lol. He talked about how IRS should use his tax $ for disasters (So why he has to donate?) & now he says Trump talks like a real man.
I agree 100% with the money man.
Fuking host talking shit he don't even do his research on, just more talking points pushing false narrative. Trump put DACA back on the table for it to be negotiated and law like shits supposed to be, not dictated like B.O. Overreach
Well put Floyd! You sir are a great American.
I totally agree with Floyd.  100%
Mah nigga!!
Fuck trump worst President ever agree
wheres the full version of this
FUCK THE DREAMERS!
I don't know when Youtube got full of fake accounts, but it's surely full of them now. I honestly don't see anything wrong with what Floyd said. But Floyd definitely ignored the elephant in the room.... most black people are genetically inferior when it comes to intelligence. People have tried to cover this up for decades, but the science is no longer deniable. There are SOME intelligent African Americans, some.... but the majority lack the genetic ability to truly become more intelligent people. The media tries to hide this daily... but look at the protests. The constant whining. The low graduation rates. The lack of success at historically black colleges compared to other institutions. The faster people understand that we're all different in one way or another, the faster we can do the right thing for America.
Um. Wondering if she should be in bigger bed. Her little head seems cramped in there for fresh air. And breathing in general. Just a thought.
Why don't you have Anna pick up Eduardo with Alessia. That way you have a bigger chunk of time to do work with no distractions.
THUMBNAIL IS SO CUTE😩😩
Awh, Jonathan's family wishing emilia a happy birthday. So sweet. Their kids are getting so big.
You should make an animation of the great catnap book on friendliest friends!
Alessia looks so much like Jonathan's family! Wow
Anna´s eyebrows are wayyyyyyyyy to red 😷
Jonathan is such a great dad.❤😍
Alessia's eye contact with the camera all the time is literally the cutest thing love it
I'm so in love with this family
OMG the Bingo run 😂😂 and Eduardo asking for food 💗
100% guarantee all these people who are complaining of Anna doing nothing have never had a baby before 🙄
The kids are soooooo cute and I am seeing u at the tour so excited
Hey Jonathan! My family has a Toyota Prado and it also has a remote key. One time my boyfriend and I went to run some errands, so I put the key in my purse. He went and dropped me off at the supermarket, and left to run another errand about 40 min away. When he's on his way he calls me and tells me the car is beeping because it says there is a missing key! (I then realize I have my purse, so the key is with me! 🆘) He was way too far from me by this point, so he decides to keep going. He couldn't turn off the car when he got to his destination 😂 because with no key he wouldn't have been able to turn it back on! He then came back to pick me up, so we were good, but it was stressful! Hahahaha So basically I think it is a problem, but you can operate it 👌🏻
Definitely gonna have to buy one of the calendars this year!
aw alessia is such a cutie I love her little smiles and giggles! x
I WANT THE CALANDER THIS YEARRR
Yes that has happened to my grandma! My grandpa had the keys in his pocket as they were saying goodbye and she drove away while the keys were still in his pocket! She drove all the way to the store but couldn't start the car to get home! It was hilarious
I love this family from the bottom of my heart !
Jonathan you do an awesome job vlogging every day and make the vlogs funnier as you can get them!!!!...I reallly appreciate you for letting us come into your home!!!....Thank You Guys!!!!!!
Can't wait for the bingo runs lol 😂
Jonathan the car won't start if the key isn't in it - like somewhere in the car
go to mummy and flick her ear!!...... goes to mum and hugs her! GAWD EDUARDO IS SO CUTE <3
Anyone know when they are coming to Ireland for a meet up x
Eduardo is a crazy lil kid haha throwing the blanket he was sitting on a minute ago
Completely agreed with what you were saying at the beginning Anna! LOVE vlogging and having things like my 21st birthday on YT so I can watch them back in the future!! 💕
Hi Jonathan, the key thing happened to me😩 I left the keys in house and drove the car 10 miles away and then when I tried to restart the car that's when I realised and my partner had to drive with my keys to give me power. It's a thing, it happens.. to many times for me unfortunately 😂
Jonathan!!! I wondered if you and Anna had seen this. I thought after you telling us about your very busy days this would make you both giggle....DISCLAIMER dont watch around kids.\nWatch Go the f**k to sleep, read by Samuel L Jackson on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/Udj-o2m39NA
Totally can relate. I have. 6 /4/2 and a 8mths old Between drop off pick ups in between errand after school clubs. I sometimes feel like a robot with the same schedule and no human time
i love you guys and your  banter
How do I make your channel not pop up.
Jonathan wait till they start joining more after school activities
cute photo of the kids. You guys make beautiful babies
this is the cutest thing <33\n\ncan you please make a christmas calender this year too? i loved the one last year, it really made it easier to wait for christmas <3
The kids are so cute!
Jonathan: what is missing ? Eduardo: food 😂😂
A lovely video I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) Emilia, Eduardo and alessia are so cute Emilia was so adorable when she said  we have to run after Eduardo and when she got some mints out to eat 😀🐶❤️ Eduardo was so sweet when he said look grandma a lol doll and alessia looked so cute when she was smiling and looking at the camera :):) :):) \n\nAnna what you could do is give alessia a dummy for comfort x \n\nI can't wait for the calendar to come out x
the urge to have kids when i watch your videos jonathan....
that happened to my nana my granda opened the car and she drove away them when she turn the engine of she notice she didn't have the key 💗😂xxxxxx
Eduardo taking after his dad Good Morning my Friendliest Friend PRICELESS!!!
imagine if they gave Emilia the SacconeJoly yt account- Eduardo Anna’s and Alessia jonathan’s JSKDKSKSK
Can't wait to get my hands on the calendar! x
Eduardo singing to Alessia is just precious 💕💕 and a happy belated birthday to Emilia 😊😘
Love Eduardo's response to his Dad. Jonathan says What's missing to our picnic ?  Eduardo says  Food. Such a typical lovely boy.  :)
Wait. I'm sorry - Eduardo singing Good Morning Again... to Alessia JUST MADE MY OVARIES SKIP A BEAT whyyyy are your kiddos so flipping adorable 😭😭😭
I would have if I was Jonathon if I had to go through all these hurtful and bitter comments on here. Some of you people are so judgemental and nasty.
The car wont start without the keys in the car Jonathan (:
This has been my favourite vlog in a long long time. It was real and sincere there was no trying it was just a good old fashioned vlog
If you drive without the keys the car starts beeping and having a breakdown! You can only drive a certain distance away from the keys as well
😂😂😂😂 seems you should have brought some food to keep Eduardo occupied! Laughed so much when he said there was food missing from the picnic! That boy loves his food!
I accidentally drove my keyless car to the supermarket. I could open the door and start the engine because the car was in such close proximity to the keys sitting on the side inside the house, and (from my experience) the car allows you drive as long as the whole time your engine is running, but the second you turn the engine off you can't restart it! I had to be rescued from the car park by my Dad with the keys haha. I wouldn't try it!
My husband always has his car keys in his pocket when we're in the car, even if I'm driving. If I'm dropping him off somewhere he often gets out of the car with the keys & I get an ignition error message on the dash & can't go anywhere! 🙄
That´s what I´m really scared of having kids, they say its amazing having kids but all of those people saying that also say they have no time for them, and I´m kind of a loner I love to step time by myself and having my own space, I am not sure if people like me were meant o have kids. I know I will regret it if I have kids at the moment, but I know I will regret it in a few years (when I´m done with myself haha) if I don´t. That´s stress for me right now!
Guys for the tour tickets does each adult an kid need one? It says under 14s must be accompanied does this mean i need to buy ticket for child?
My mum once forgot her keys Jonathan! She got stuck when she parked and the car turned off haha my dad had to pick her up
My mam managed to drive my dad's car without the key as she dropped him off at work and he forgot to give her the key. Luckily she remembered before switching off the engine so she managed to get back to him to collect the key!
You shouldn't let Eduardo hit you like that. Even if it's playing it's not the best idea to teach him that it's ok to play that rough. That's just my opinion as a case manager who works with kids. I have to teach sooooo many parents to stop playing that rough with kids because they do it at school since they don't understand the difference between playing at home and at school.
Why do you bathe Alessia every day? Her skin is going to get so dried out!
Anna you look unreal! Alessia is the cutest 😍
Whats missing? Food. \nThis is the best thing I've heard today.
eduardo and his dad have got such a good father son relationship 😊
Eduardo is me with the picnic!! You can’t promise me a picnic and not take food 😂
What's the lipstick you put on in the beginning of this video? I like it very much!Thank you ..
Jonathan: What's missing?\nEduardo: Food.\n\nLITTLE BOY KNOWS WHAT'S UP 👏😂😂😂
@sacconejolys when are you moving house?!?
When the key gets to far the car wont run, my dad will drive and sometimes drop my mom off places and the keys are still in her purse so he cant drive away
Going on the bingo run 😂😂
Can not wait for the 2018 calendar my mom and I have gotten one for each of us both past years  💗 now we get one with Alessia 💗
Couldn't stop laughing at Jonathan when he said look at that sunset in the morning 😂😂💜💜 3:17 , like if you are going to the book tour in Glasgow in November ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Awhhhh great to see Jonathan his family and the cute video's they made for Emilia her birthday. Love it!!! We don't see them often. Hope they can see their cousins soon
1:35 aahhhhh cute Alessia
Omg I am getting so Brody watching alessia grow up
hey please check out my vlog: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UALNhtRPCAQ
#19 trending yas
This is so cringe.
Aww what a bunch of cuties!
What would Anna do if you had a 40 hour week 🎀job?
Some people need to take a chill pill. Anna and Jonathan have their own way of parenting and raising their children. Stop telling them what they should or shouldn't do. Also, stop being rude to Anna. Anna is an amazing mother and she doesn't deserve any of these mean comments. That's my rant for the night. Bye!
Alessia is growing so fast.think it's time she went into a cot as she's to big for the Moses basket...wow Emilia 5already ,I swear it was yesterday she was born lol.little Eduardo has come into his own and quite a handsome little boy xx
Whats missing...FOOD..jonathan!!its supposed to be a teddy bear picnic...too cute..eduardo bless you boy 😘😘😘
Super sweet hearing Eduardo singing good morning again to Alessia.
Baby 👶 is so cute oooohhhhh
I spy a Marinette doll
Food fixes everything
Alessa smiling is the most precious thing ❤❤
Have they moved?
Eduardo waking alessia 😍😍😍
Omg Anna looks so pretty ❤️💜🌸
Loved  Jonathan  singing Tupac 😂
eduardo singing to alessia was soooooooo cute.... aaaawww... my heart is melting
Love this 😘
Fooood. That was so cute Eduardo
Anna you should join tbh!!
Eduardo hitting Jonathan and Jonathan screaming 😂😂😂😂
Love you all
Jonathan knows the lyrics to California Love better than I do. And I live in California and love Tupac. Lol. Go Jonathan
Are you seriously moaning about how busy you are Jonathan? You work at home you have nothing to complain about please stop and get a real job
Is there a school bus system in england?
Awww like when Emilia used to call herself Biba lol that was the cutest!!!
Lol the whole forgetting your key in the car but the car is open RomanAtwood has done it and he drove to the store and found out that he didn't have keys so he had to leave his car on and go into the store
How long you going to kill your self?
11 million people need to go.
This was uploaded on my bday
Logan Paul I am hey
Comment when u subbed to Logan I subbed when he had 8m subs
My birthday is September 16th so close logan
Guys it's clearly fake
I want your merch it is dope
EVERYON3 WHO HAS SEEN THE COMMENT BOTH OF THEM SUCK JAKE AND LOGAN I'M SAYING SHIT SO I CAN SAVE YOU
Huh.  I never knew there was a channel specifically for weak-minded fools & children in adult bodies...  They must lap up this content like kittens on milk.  And there's merch available??  Looks like this 'entertainer' peddles diversity AND gangsta on his website.  I'll wager the I can count to potato crowd is the most prevalent demographic in this channel.
WHEN IS THE BUS COMING BACK
i fliping love you so much
You should make merch for Kong😜
i cant belive i just a gave a view to this
I lock it and hide the keys
I cunt get the shop
You are the biggest tool I have laid eyes on
Who's worse? Him or his brother?
You are a choch, but the happiest one on EARTH,. You seem like a really good person. If I were legit 15 years younger I would def be your friend!
You didn't change it you made it worse
Just die now and quick
Your one channel you didnt change youtube XD
Cool video bro
Bring back the DENT THE UNIVERSE merch!
Your a fag
this is the funniest vlog
stupid af
I like kong
You suck big fat d***
Why doesn't Evan get merch
My favorite vlog
He didn't change it he basically ruined YouTube along side his brother
Q:is logan savage \nA- he is \nB- answer A\nC- answer B
You made it worse you cock
Now that Logan has his 11 million of his tribe,  now please be part of  the first hundred people that will make up the the strata of my family.   congrats Logan!
yo u gonna have 12 million like in 2 days so that means u make it on 1 year and ine week damn that awesome keep up the good work bro like this if u be here since day one
Happy birthday to me
I want him to turn his house into a walk through and Kind of creepy and haunted house for Halloween
Honestly, he did nothing for youtube.\nAll of the gamers on youtube are the ones who changed youtube
:D WE ARE S HAPPY FOR YOU!!! like HOW DO YOU DO IT BRO!?! :P <3 your vids byeee
you are the best Logan Paul
I love you Logan I'm so proud!! <3
After that get a gun and shot yourself. Thank you. Enjoy Mello Yello
Congratulations Logan I'm so happy for you and I love you so much.The Logang is the fastest growing channel ever and don't forget the logang is the💪💪channel
I'm a strawberry
Poor Evan when Logan is giving his thank yous speech lool all he wants is to touch it xD
You are a moron
Bro I missed some of Logan’s YouTube videos and I spent about three hours watching his videos to try and catch up
What did this faggot do to get a diamond play button?
Hello I can be the best of all I have a new friend and I ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
cancer video
lIT
F u
Hello logangsters any1 playing clash of clans pls join my clan called logang warriors pls guys I hv challenged my frnd tht logang is the strongest family prove this logang \n😀😀😍😚😚
Logangang!!!!!!!! ❤️
shoutout to clorox bleach for providing me with the resources to end this youtube experience
Yah sub too me please I would deeply appreciate the support!
Anyone else wearing blue underwear?\n\n\n\n\n('cause i do)
I'll be glad when his retarded ass and his dumb brainless ass brother drop off the face of the earth I swear they both hyped up on meth all the fuckin time
Because I have like 84 subs on barney Chutto
I have 1900. Views in total and 130 subs tell me how to get more quick
1 year of being the secondary source of toxicity on YouTube next to your younger brother
Can't wait for the maverick ruby button
Your one of the worst people on this website, your brother included
this is all fixed be because behind the door you can see that 1 year 48 hours Diamond play button smash he already knew that he would snatch The Diamond play button and Evan word hide rate
anybody else notice he changed the driving with Evan theme music??
Kong and Maverick are so cute
playing hide & sick with diamond play button . . . . .
Let's do it for logan❤❤❤
Anyone else hear mark while they where dancing in the mirror mark said it's everyday bro
11.8 now
You and your brother are the downfall of society.
hoo wooo go go go go by the way.are you my daddy?
THASSS MY BOII!!!!and by tha why I am good bro well Logan are u good bro?*and I LOVE YUO'RE VIDS!!!!*
So a guy with retardism and a guy with dwarfism (no hate disabled people are people too) playfight in there underwear bang ten million subs? Actually why am I surprised Trump was elected Honey boo boo is a thing the bar hasn't been lowered it's gone, watching this too see what the hype was about has made me want to try heroin
New hit single\nFuck me fuck you
watching someone live their lives hmmm you guys are sad lol
Youtube is the same with or without you.
I followed you on Instagram
this is the best
Ok so i live in Florida and FUCKIN HURRICANE IRMA MADE ME LOSE MY FUCKIN CHANCE TO GET THAT NEW 48 HOURS OUT ONLY MERCH
Throw a maverick plate off the balcony
Sometimes your like *NO HONEY NO*\n\n\nBut now you said.....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*YES HONEY YESS*
I like your vids :D
You suck jake paulers forever
XD
I'm yore bigest fan ever
CONGRATS LOGAN!!!!!!
how logan paul RUINED youtube forever
Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh I can't stop laughing at his vlogs LLLLOOOOOLLLLLL
I thought Logan would do a lot more for the Logang 1 year mark I'm kinda surprised he didn't.
Well done Logan 🤗🤗🤗
CONGRATS
CEO of YouTube
👎
LOGANG 4LIFE
Cut your god damn hair.
Subscribe to mikey manfs
Logan is so cool\n😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
I can't wait till his bird dies
Best video i have seen i long time! <3
Guys i wish your play dead by daylight in real life
if you didn't mention it was airsoft and everyone died like realistically and didn't get up or talk then so many people would flag this video
so in the real pubg can you execute someone who's already knocked out?
Do dead by daylight irl like if you agree so they can see
lmao it isn't even real live commentary.. it's post..
That is actually a very good Idea. Well done!
I need a part 2 of this video IS AWESOME
This is cool but kind of cringy just imagine see a bunch of adults running around some weird place wearing weird stuff shooting each other with air soft guns
Love the arma music
Clearly fake, no one got banned or called out for Stream Sniping
17:23 XD
GTX 4080Ti
I cringe every time d says evik
are they using airsoft?
Make more
Those count down seconds tho..
Lol that Teabag at 17:08
Songs from Arma III soundtrack ?
I Like this shit !
Matt looks like a pro sniper with that mask on
Funny how when one person finds a gun all the others do at the same time
sam's picture looks like Chris Pratt holy shit
With that Music in the Background it`s rather Playerunknown`s Battleroyale. The better game for sure.
i at least wanted them to add a gun flash effect
this was a good video but those fake ass sound effects were more annoying than immersive. Honestly if you're adding the sound might as well add the muzzle flash into the mix.
Ok count to 20 to revive, 12345 that was like 1 second xD
*sees jet's shirt* I FOUND WALDO. FOUND HIM
Dude I go to that place all the time
Air soft shoot pellet things there not lethal
matt with the carry
Omfg this kinda videos I clicked it cause I wanted to cringe
Matt is king beast
Ok ok I really want to go to this place and play that game because of how awesome it looks like what the heck it looks so fun and awesome bro haha
matt is a god
THE OLD NODE IS BACK!!!
I want a new nerf gun for under 50$ as my main gun what should I get?
Yo jet my boy why you wherein a shirt that can see you ez
That was cool as dude 🤘😎
I would've gone R6 Seige on they're Asses LoL XD
Wow he try to shoot but to check if he has any ammo.
Those were some fast 20 seconds
I HAVE THAT EXACT AK
If that's the real way the AK sounds I want one
Roses are red violets are blue you came here for action and you got fooled
I knew blue would win cause they played so tactical at the beginning.
why u don't start naked XD
It's been like 6 years since an airport video
this pubg-airsoft is so fckung man i am vomiting every ti he say's contact.\nyou should stop :/
this is more like csgo u must have more playses to camping and working cars and more stuff to gather like redbull
Oh , i see this new comedy show is gaining popularity with IDF.
The hardest thing about this is crouching. Your legs will start lactating from not standing normally and eventually you will die.
FUCK OFF! I DON'T WANNA FUCKING WATCH YOU! STOP BEING IN MY FUCKING RECCOMENDED! Wait this is a cool video!
1 thing that m16 is NOT an AR!!!!!
What is this iron sights bullshit give them an red dot
i wanna play airsoft too...... but i live in australia so FUCK
Alex is a nigger
do you guys remember the attack on titan game you have played. can you play it again
Why it's so long to kill their enemies are they noob
god game D
matt was the best a god damn legend right there
Where is D's chicken dinner!!
Watching how they were walking in the open, not using cover, etc was giving me PTSD.
If I was to do this, who would be my teammate?
4:22 camera man in here :v
damn, these graphics are getting better and better :P
Doesnt the cameraman spoil shit?
wildlands is bomb
China Numbah 1 😂😂😂
how mutch dose a standard setup whit standard guns and stuffs cost?
WOW!
Fake ass gun sounds ruined it
nice job guys!
damn alex is stupid thicc
gg
No sniper rifle?:)
wow
GoGoGooGoGo
CHINA #1 LMAO
13:17 HEADSHOT
That cinematic camera mod looks nice!
I want airsoft :(
there actong like its real lol
pqpp\n1qqpqqq\n\naq
They completely ripped off silos video!
you   DEVIN
Poor Leah
Jet is my favorite
wooow i love you :D
Nice job
i love guns
Do more plz
MORE
lmao Leah got headshot
Plz sub to me
ohhhh.... facecam gameplay
that is pristine
Thata sooo cringy that healing unsub dislike .... fukin china guy
Looks like hella fun!
include scopes ^^
Finally! Best part of his Boiler Room Reykjavik set in my opinion
Love that an unassuming Brit who looks like the only party he ever attended was at a chemistry frat cant stop marveling us with the most beautiful electronic music on the planet.
Why are you so good whyyyyyyy 😭
I have a serious problem....\n\nCan't stop listening to it!   ; )
Voice 10/10\nMusic 10/10\nVideo 10/10\nAnyone agree?
when the original was the best shit ever, and now this is another step above
The first 2 min of the track reminds me so much of paul kalkbrenner feed your head , for some reason ..  both brilliant tracks ..
WHOS GOING TO THE FORUM NEXT FRIYAAAAY!
this is absolutely AMAZING.
Very good Jamie xx
And on a different day no one remembers now God created Ali Michael.
Video reminds me of the movie 'Momento'
Jamies style of music never ceases to amaze me. The main reason i stared to produce music of my own.
I'm so glad you released this!
He created a totally new song which is so good as the original one
I dream of a Smalltown boy remix
He obliterated the song? I mean it's a good mix, on its own, but why. 😫
Man, this is wonderful.
Blondey McCoy makes an appearance, that's awesome!
Listened to this during his boiler set, truly stunning! Check it out if you haven't already
Where does it stop, where does it stop\nWhere do you dare me to (draw the line)?\nYou've got the body, you've got the body\n\nDare me to, dare me to\n\nWhere does it stop, where does it stop\nWhere do you dare me to (draw the line)?\nYou've got the body, you've got the body\nYou've got the body, you've got the body
just realised the logo for the XX is the same as the symbol for nihilism.  gj XX if it was ur intention.
The video is as good as the music
Shit sold out already??? Please make more, the world needs more of this
Can't say I thought I would see dabbing in an xx video 😅
man this is some great editing! mesmerizing to watch! would love to see the editline for this
see you soon, Xx
Terrific.
... Instant classic
obsessed
clean fuck! yeah! perfect motorway banger! love it
We want to see more of Romy!!!
beware of the church of scientology, it is an evil cult who want to ruin your life and steal your money, your life is at risk if you involve yourself with this organisation\nwatch this film for the truth about scientology\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6oYaMtJln0&t=73s
Reminiscent of The Mackenzie feat. Jessy - Innocence. But I don't expect Jamie to be aware of 90's Belgian dance music.
Incredible, it could be love
oh this. this is beautiful.
17/5000\nJamie es un genio!!  Bring on the whole album please!
love it!!❤️
Sweet remix
Blondey McCoy
This is beautiful.
Jaime xx the best
Altas viagens nesse som.... Top de mais!
Fucking genius!!!
So damn amazing
That was fucking amazing!
I love it
el mejor!!!
DOPE
Amazing!!!!!!
Aaaaah ❤
This was on radio 1 only way a find this song was by shazam , im glad a did
my type of music
Just when i was losing hope on modern mainstream dance music this banger pops up (Jamie XX LAD)
wow ! jamie you are so ...
when is this going to be on spotify? :'(
With the new release of their new album and their Glastonbury set this year. The XX have been the soundtrack to my summer.
You're the fucking man Jamie.
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
zip ... lock ...
feeliing for some zaboca now yes
YEEEEEEEEZZZZZZ!!!!
Don't mind me, just here before this explodes! 😅
Was that Blondey McCoy?
loved this
Absolute dancefloor melter.
I love how basically all he did was use the ambience and bass of the original and its still sick
🖤🖤🖤
Thank you Jamie for all the music you make it honestly makes my day 100x better! I love you Jamie, Romy, And Oliver you guys are the best!
Revolution 909....
superb pet-shop-boys-like intro!
vomit
Gave me goosebumps love it 😀
Glastonbury 2017
Add to ....\nMusic
así quiero una fiesta de cumpleaños.
furkan turanlandın
Am here before 1M views.
This is so fuckin brilliant!!!
The xx - On Hold (Lit Version)
CADE OS BR?
Belter😤😤
2:00 💕
O M G . Awesomeness level maximum!!!!!!!
indie party hard .
bune aq
Superb
Spot blondie mccoy
vinyl sold out :(
I THOUGHT
aint the video lovely💕
Replay replay replay!
Oh my gosh, mis respetos para Jamie XX\nSiempre sorprendiéndome, me encanta 💙
Jamie. You are god.
much better than the original! love this version! always thought the original version was missing something!
Jaime xx es la pija
Jamie XX - On Hold (Jamie XX Remix)
<3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well this is a load of fucking shite.
jamie xx is my latest obsession
this joint got an early 90s vibe, i bang with it
i love the retro style... interesting band, you've got my attention now
Me: eh they aren't why dont we. Boi bye
i love this so much. omg fuck me up
2:58 that's the chick in jack and jack's music video too lmao
I really enjoy this!
Love your style, hope you come out with lots more!
idk if it's just me but they give me 90's vibe the dancing and the singing❤️
this is an amazing video wow
This deserves to get 1B views
The new fucking army of one direction
First I thought they will like One Direction and I'm Directioner. They got a lot of hate in our fandom but the song is very good bruh❤💖
MUCH LOVE FROM POLAND!!!❤️
kings of asking for consent
IM SO HAPPY TO BE STARTING THIS FANDOM JOURNEY SO EARLY IM NEVER THIS EARLY
And did they lowkey sample Poison by Bell Biv DeVoe?
Ok i'm not hating on these boys but simon if u think this is the new one direction u best fucking believe it isn't nobody can replace one direction. and before y'all start hating on me it's my opinion
OMG! LOVE THE VIDEO!!! AND, I LOVE YOUGUYS!!! 💗😘
DOWNLOAD IT HERE: WOULD YOU MIND” MUSIC VIDEO http://mp3alive.net/prettymuch-premiere-mind-music-video/
I have been waiting for this 😈
Hands down the best song I've heard since the 90s when it comes to group music. This is like early backstreet boys nsync good. Mannn. I will be doing a track wit y'all one day   Ant Jonez
I LOVE YOU GUYS WOW THIS IS AMAZING
THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD OH MY GOD YES
when they ran away at the end it's like mega nostalgic.
this actually sounds so good
I think I'm in love
I'm a directioner...i dont like them but i respect talent and they have talent.. i like this song....song is so good  but still i dont like pretty much.
You guys deserve better, much love😊
Love youuu prettymuch Soo much
AAA AMORZINHOS, COMEÇARAM BEM. ❤😍
THIS.IS.AMAZING!
New 1D but modern
90's = 5ive\nNow =  PRETTYMUCH
did anyone else come here from a snapchat ad ? 😂
This song Is so nice cant wait for a new song, hope you will blow up af!
Came from alboe ❤️
Just another generic boy band created and managed by greedy Simon Covell who obviously needs earn some cash and since 1D is done Simon is back with their lame version :D Bravo Simon You are was always best at discovering fuckboys :D
this was on the radio in ctl, NC when we were taking shelter from Irma,\ni thought the song was fucking awesome and also found this video \nwin-win ‼️🤘🏽
I really love you so much
This is so good you guys 😭😍
this is like a total replica of late 80s / early 90s NKOTB stuff mixed with a dash of kpop ... and i love it!
DAMN CAN I JUST MARRY LIKE ALL OF THEM PLZ
Wow I think I'm a fan now dang they are gonna be a big thing along with WHY DONT WE ...this is dope
No joke my favorite song
This is the new one direction
WHY DON'T WE IS BETTER!!!!!😆
dang this is pretty good
I'm fall in love with this Song ❤
Quick question:\nWhich do ya guys love the most?\n\nIn Real Life\n\nWhy don't we\n\nPrettyMuch
honestly, I am so not a Boyband girl. but yeez I am falling in love with this band.... <3
KABDOABDKAS ALDN I LOVE THIS YES
Backstreet boys vibe
dear whoever handle of prettymuch, please upload the full 'dancing in the rain' video, thanks.
The song is goof song. Its easy on ears and I will probably hear to it willingly but god The mv is so not my thing. I don't like mv at all but i like the song and that's what matters anyways.
Yes, I would mind.
people judged them too fast saying their the fake 1D all of them are amazing people in their own ways❤️
Loving the 90's N-Sync vibe
best video of 2017 work it guys
im not usually into any boy bands or their music but I actually really like this song
BEEN A FAN BEFORE THE BLOW UP <333 \nwhen u come to the video look at brandons sexy face. Hes so hot. Like if you believe brandon is hot :3 follow me and my bestie on IG: @elitebeanz @brandonarreagathebee
How didn't I hear it before ?! This is seriously good. Can't wait for more
BR🇧🇷
OMAIGOD MY BOYS!!!
Brandon can fuck me
THIS IS DOPE
Wow 💝👈 Magnífic
Eu amoooooo❤️
So proud
I Love you PRETTYMUCH
Where is Japanese beanz???
These guys are lit....
Ly guys ❤
Was that kellie sweet 3:00 ?
A meaningful song
WHO DID THAT HIGHNOTE THO?!?!
Guys watch BTS new song
I wil sugger :(
aaaaaaaaarghhh make me confuse
ne volim repere
I love ❤️
🇧🇷♥️
DYINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG OMFG I REALLY LOVE PRETTYMUCH, THIS VIDEO IS KILLINGME, PERFECT
Yes consent ! 💀😂
😍😍😭💙💪🏼finally
Nice video 👍
Sold at the dude at 2:00
Wannabe one direction
i hate that i like this song
i like this better than the other one... the vibes here are real (y) but where's mikey?
so wdw in real life and prettymuch are the new one direction now?\nused to be a huge directioner but then exo stole me heart.
i'm only here bc you're performing at the jack & jack concert in cincinnati 😐
👎
Gay
I think I wanna stan omg
Where all da #Beanz at??
Fucke pretty much😒😉
Does Zion and Nick and Brandon and Austin and Edwin and *oh wait....* have girlfriends????? NEED IT FOR homework.. yep HOMEWORK
One direction is 999 zillion times better then them
This is Shit!!
Why Don't We is better 😒
Short?  We need a full length film of this !!!
This is one of those few times where I happily exclaim, Make it 4hours long, Make it a series, Make it a Mini-Series!!  This collaboration of Blade Runner and Shinichiro Watanabe is just too perfect to simply condense it into a short film...
See you space blade runner...
ｍｏｒｅ　ｈｕｍａｎ　ｔｈａｎ　ｈｕｍａｎ
Holy shit this is perfect. I really hope we get to see more stories from this world in different formats.
Anime, cyberpunk and FlyLo, as if that isn't the best combination
By Shinichiro Watanabe! Holy shit fuck the new movie i want the anime version :D
this is probably gonna turn out better then the new movie
10 bucks this is over hyped\n00:50  and 00:56 wrong . the world of blade runner ISN'T a dirty trash filled distopia ,\n00:53 why did need to add goofy star wars hats to the police. the cops in blade runner are normal cops .\nthe world of blade runner is product practical NOT what looks (((scifi)))
A western movie being adapted into anime? YES This is what I'd like to see more, not the other way around and end up with shitty adaptations...
I came. I saw. I came. What a lovely year for cyberpunk!
i guess we're gonna need this short to be significantly less short than it is probably gonna be... more like 150-something minutes short...
Also, is it just me, or doesn't those animation sheets look pretty massive in physical scale compared with most other standard animation paper? Or is it to accomodate more detailed drawings for theatrical cinemascope animations?
I can't believe we're getting a new Shinichiro Watanabe project with music from Flying Lotus. This is literally a dream come true. I'm sure the movie will be great in its own right, but this is something else.
I'm glad they put subtitles on, because I don't know Japanese...
I never asked for this...but I'm glad.
I need a background of the girl at 1:01
I'm freaking stoked about this. This is going to be amazing.
Good to see the world of BR coming back to life again.
They could expand this into a 26 episode series, it'd definitely find a market.
OH WOW! Something decent will come out of this sh*t movie sequel.
how long will this be?
This looks like Under the Dog but good.
This is the best news I've heard in a while
idk if the anime short version are good or bad, but if is good, i hope they make it into featrue film.
This looks pretty awesome, and is immediately on top of my must-watch list.
I hope it's longer than 5 minutes.
Been waiting for this since 1984 when I first got into anime, and Shinichirō Watanabe is directing! ^_^
hopefully this gets Subbed and sony doesn't fuck over everyone who doesn't know japanese who wants to watch it.
Warner Bros USA olease put the anime in the home video release
I love anything Watanabe related, it's gonna be amazing <3
H Y P E
ЖГИ, Ватанабэ, ЖГИ!!!
대박 이건 봐야해!!!
yeeeeeeesss!
YES, YES, YES
QUERO
impresionante
POPOLA CONFIRMED\nhttps://youtu.be/924olvhb2pU?t=61
Deckard and Roy, Eiffel tower, NOW!
¡Bravo, bravo! ¡Qué ganas de verlo! Muero de felicidad.
YES\nYES\nYES PLEASE
This is awesome news.
see you space cowboy...
Oh yes
nice
製作時間…。_ﾛ(･ω･=) ｹｼｹｼ
WOW
ほほう
渡辺監督なら観ないと！
I wished we can Kickstart this for a whole mini-series.
Hope the movie does well so hopefully we get a full blade runner universe with books, games and other media.
why dont make an anime series with this quality????? WHY WHY!!! ;)
Coming soon... How soon is soon? And when it arrives, HOW DO WE WATCH IT?! ... legally, that is...  I have gotten to the point where I refuse to pirate stuff...  :D
Looks like another Ghost in the Shell movie. Look i like Anime, but Blade Runner shouldnt turn into Anime. The *Live* action movie is a Masterpiece, turning this into Anime is really mediocre, maybe the style and Visuals will be pretty and awesome, like Akira. But where does the Lore fit? They also ruined Godzilla with the mediocre, bad Cgi Grootzilla movie...
私の中で神格化された作品だけに、その続編というのは複雑な心境だ。コケるくらいなら最初から作らないでほしいという気持ちもある。果たして上手くいくかどうか・・・頼むぜ。
So a black dude and a fucking chick, just LIKE everything else these days... PASS!
Cute
aku
0:04 that dab thooo
Click this bouutn 👈🏻
Prang tanga si niana
Niana is so funny 😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎊
Niana you cantik
What song is 1:19
halloween is coming! what's gonna be ur prank ranz to niana?
Everytime I watch your vids\n\n\nWHATS HAPPENING TO YOU😂😂😂
can anyone give me the link of the first song??
That is so funny 😂😂😂
I love this vedio keep it up ranz&niana love u guys 😂😂😂😍😍😍❤❤💕 your vedio are too litt yo niana you litt ❤ call me (954)548-4201
apa judul lagu pertama y?yg tau comment
Nice video👍👍
😂😂😂
big girl na si niana
Every time chainsmoker's\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH1i4Lua_AE
Cute ni Niana😘😍
SOOOO MEEEEE
I'ts so cool broh 😎😎😎😎😎
OMG! The ChainSmokers❤️
Hahaha so funny
🤘🤘🤘your are rocker 55555\nyou socuet
Salsa in manila ranzzzz
OML 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Wooooo
Crazy Reaction
its almost 3m subssssss
,road to3M.sub is near.. Rk we lub yu.... Ayyeeaaahhhhh...
😝😝😝I like Niana
I was insane whahaha
🤣😅🤣😂🤣😂🤣
what is music??  0:46
Cuteeeeee
Niana has new hairr!!!LOOK!////
what the heck omg!!!!!
NIANA IS SO CUTE
lol😂
niana is so pretty
They are filipino they are not indonisian
She is awesome 😍😊😂😁
SICK!
Niana you are soo cute
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😍
COOL
I love you naina
😂😂😂😂
niana nice dance
LoL
Omygush I love chainsmokers
16 sept is my birthday
Finished Subscribed!!
1:51 chainsmokers really
Ang cute ni niana
What's song?
Niana new hair :-)
Niana really loves The Chainsmokers 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hi kuya ranz pls shoutout po!!! Pls message here in this comment sana online si niana
Shout out loud. 😔😂😂
who's remix of the young song
Love niana's haircut
On The Way to 3M subscriber
What is song name 0.45
00:13\nwhat song?
I love Niana and Ranz ..always watchin' your Youtube videos  More blessings to come. GODbless
1. Roses\n2. Dont Let Me Down\n3. Closer\n4. Something Just Like This\n5. ????????
I love u guys i want to meet u guys 😂😕
OMG!!! you met the Chainsmoker, oh my gosh that's insane 😮🙀🙉
wow!!!i love this video too much
closer is best of chainsomoker. niana u rock. l m from bangladesh.
Nianna is best dancer
OMG THE CHAINSMOKERS!!😍😱❤❤
funny
Niana i cant stop laughing 😂😂 i'am the daughter of your dog's  trainor that is Richard Valenzuela 😊😊
Niana's hair is so beautiful...😍😍😍
She's so funny
Mana suaranya I N D O N E S I A
Me in the car with my JAM!!😂😂😂
Wow can't believe my eyes they are real chainsmokerssss😍😍😍😍😍
who is dancing Niana or Niana's Hairs???
What is the last song nam
Chainsmokers you are very very luckyy
Where's my Shout out? :(
YO! That girl is really special!!.  How I wish!!!.  I have that kinda level of energy!!.
Last time the dance was best 👍💯 😂😍
title of the songs ? anyone ?
like you so much ! what's your instagram ? 😍😘
I'm so good 😂😂😂
The end was my favorite part
How old are you?
guys please tell the first song
Hey.....what your gonna do when u guys have 3M subscribers!!!?!?@?!?\nCuz ur nearly there
Can you guys do the chainsmokers  all we know song .niana got crazy.
Either she has mental problems or she is acting. If my calculations are correct... 99.9% mental problems 1% acting
This youtuber is a fake subscribers so that cheating
Niana is so coool💪 and i love you❤❤
Andrew Taggart i meet you in meet and greet
I love indoesia
Please leave a comment with a country you'd love me to film a food diary in! :) Also hit the like button for more at home food diary videos! xxx
i know you've probably already mentioned it at some point, but i honestly can't remember,, where is your yellow jacket from bc it's so !! nice !!
UGH I MISS PARIS SO BADLY😭😭😩
Cross the pond and visit Mexico! I'm sure you'll love our food and sights and all
So weird to see this video as I'm French but you gave a little something to Paris threw this vid! I think you'd love Toulouse! (If you come I'll be your personal guide ;)) <3 Love from France <3
I'm French, and I love your videos so much ! Je les adore ! It's a shame you didn't get to do a meet up here, because I live really close to Paris and I would have loved to get to talk to you even just a little bit ! You are a beautiful person inside and out, keep travelling and doing what you do best. As we say here in France, je t'embrasse. ❤
Food diary Friday in Paris, I'm in heaven! Italy would be another great place to Food diary in. Oh, and New York had awesome food. I'm still waiting for you and Jessie to do a sister trip there. ;D\nYour heeheeheeheehee at the dick bread killed me. lol\nOMG I've been craving a good hot chocolate for like 2 weeks. That sounds heavenly\nI love your new red dress and am loving the youtube singer support.
I love The Hunchback of Notre Dame too!
Love your videos great effort put into this keep doing what your doing girl 😍
Omg all those paris vibes make you actually Look like Amélie!!!
Girl i like your video. :)
Ohhh I loved this! Love the music you put in, the food, the insights, seeing the beautiful places ext! Great video xxx
Love the les mis music for the video! Glad to see the food diaries are back 😊
For super thick and ultra chocolatey hot chocolate, make it in a crock pot! Sounds odd but trust me on this one and give it a try.
Usually hate travel vlogs, but loved this! U actually shared the culture and were genuinly so excited and it really came through. Now I'm dying for a fricken chocolate croissant !!! Xxx
in your food diaries you eat a lot. do you eat that much just for the video or do you always eat that much in the course of a day?
Two of my favorite things. Melanie and France :)
with Your love of style and food a video in an italian city would be perfect
Using your video for inspiration on how to decorate my Year 9 French book haha\nLOVE YOU MEL, YOU ARE SO WONDERFUL XXXXX
That cover of stromae is wonderful!
Ahhh, seeing Notre Dame and hearing Lindsey Stirling's Les Mis medley made me legitimately emotional! I really want to go to Paris now!! (also i'm hormonal and sick so that's also not helping at all) I looked for your book in Easons Cork, and I couldn't find it! Probably good because I had told myself I was only allow buy the one book!
honestly just come to turkey and have some real food 😆😆
Id love to see this video in España! 🇪🇸
The best thing I've ever eaten in my life was a pistachio creme brulee in a little cafe outside the Louvre.\nI knew exactly what face you were going to make at 9:32 when you tasted that.\nIT'S SO GOOD! SO GOOD!
I had goosebumps the whole time I was watching this!
Oh Melanie if you ever come back to my lovely city of Paris, I'd like to meet you
Oh my god are you seriousssssss ?!?!? Mellll Nutella is Italiannnnn 😳\n(Sorry I literally live where they produce it so I just freaked out a little bit) \n❤️
You definitely have to come to India. The food here is mind-blowing
Your dad is always the best part of your videos. Has he ever considered starting his own YouTube channel? :)
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I was in Paris last week!!!!
What target audience  is your book geared towards . Looks beautiful there . What desserts r popular ? I say it again I love those yellow tight . I been inspired to find them here in Nashville . 💞😘
You should do a pub crawl in Ireland, and eat and drink and go through rules for tourists going to a bar (the dos and don't)!
you're the only person that's able to eat a peach and not look like a mess after 🙏🏼 love ya💗\nand nutella is italian i guess
I love that you used Lindsey Stirling in this. 😊
I feel so relaxed happy and also sad and rested but also feeling a calm restlessness. Beautiful vlog. There are many Pari vlogs, but this one is so different from those. Music helped the vlog a lot. Melanie you went up a notch with this one👌👌👌
Only 3 minutes in and this vlog is perfect
I can't wait until I get to move there 😢😢
Its been so many years since i was in paris. Would love to go back!
Paris looks gorgeous!! <3 & loved the red dress Melanie!\nIn case no one mentioned it yet, the first fruit you pointed out were prickly pears :D we get them lots in Malta!
I would love to go to Paris with you  next time 😁 And pls come to Norway and make a food vlog  😊
Your fringe looks like a lot like Amelie's when you were at the Café des 2 moulins... omg I really want to go there 😍
I got way too excited when you showed the Two Windmills. Amelie is my favorite movie.
Love all your dresses! I am so ready for that shape to come back into style cos my thighs aren't having this bodycon shit!
Such a nice video. I love France!
This gave me major Paris blues. It's my favourite place in the entire world! <3. I would love for you to do a food diary in Krakow, Poland xx
I love that Melanie says a little espresso, it's very cute. But actually that's the real size of an espresso in Italy, it's how it is supposed to be! Btw Nutella is Italian too.
I loved this and i really want to go to Paris!
Oh my god Melanie was literally talking about Dan Browns book and I was freaking out didn't know you like it Mel! I love it!! Ohh I am so excited rn😂
Aww I live in Paris, always have! You made me want to go back out there and explore with my tourist glasses on <3
My absolute favourite video of yours! The music, the filming, it was magical Melanie 💚
loving the stromae covers in this!! #toutlememe
all the french music i loveee it, also gonna go watch the hunchback of the Notre Damme now
Your outfit in this and hair remind me of Amelie !
You're so fit 😍 Wanna see you with black hair again.
Isn't it fun getting to the point where you can eat in moderation and have a good time!!!! 💘
What a great video! We got to see Paris with a Melanie voiceover. :)  Nice. BTW, the red dress looks great on you IMHO.
That was a freaking joy to watch!!! Thank you for that wonderful morning boost Melanie. I loved your editing too btw with the beautiful French music, and beautiful choices too, it was so well done!! :D xx
I just died at 13:01. You are so great xD
Ethical omnivorism:):):):) yet...you have no idea where your salmon etc came from! LOVE IT !!!! You're so logical and smart Melanie!!!!!
Loved this video!!! Made me want to go to Paris so bad, especially with someone as lovely as you Mel :)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is my ALL TIME FAVORITE Disney movie, and it is CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED!  THANK YOU for loving it too!  I'm glad you had such a fun time!
Hehehe, I joined in with your devious laugh at 6:46. You did a wonderful job putting this vlog together! The music, food, and everything else just complimented it so well. I also want to add that you looked unbelievably gorgeous in each dress. Seems like you had a great time!
Being a giant Les mis fan the music made this video so great!!! Loved it Mel, great video!!:) 😘
Have you heard the original of Tous les memes by Stromae? It's the best!!
just back from  a walk where i spent 10 minutes trying to get a snail off the middle of the road with a leaf so he wouldn't get crushed by a car... clicks on this vlog and sees you saying your gonna eat some 'fuckin snails' ... sigh. I wish humans would learn to have respect for other life forms on the planet, then maybe they wouldn't destroy the planet and all the living things on it as much.
I love this vlog ! Paris is so lovely ! I appreciate so much your good taste in french music in this video ! 😊😊😊
Currently eating a giant package of crisps...
Those weird fruit look like Tunas, we have them here in Chile, don't know if the ones in Paris are the same, but if they are, try them, they're DELICIOUS and juicy, perfect for summer!
Wonderful video!!!! (As always) 😊 also where are your boots from? I'm on the look out for a pair for the wintery months and your ones are perfect!
Where is that stripey red/pink and white shirt from?
OMG. When you laugh at the bread penis!! You are so cute hahahah! And the mini mini banane ^^
This video gave me butterflies in my stomach! I loved everything about it and you make me feel so calm and happy! Love you! xxxx
That Fruit 6.13 in France really wowww cool yumm, prickly pears are my fav, use to pick em' on cousins property, never see em' in stores where i live - yay France is Cool! Naww Amelie gotta dig it out of the cupboard haven't seen in too long! And don't get me started on Disney aww it's simply love. Your outfits were on point, cute dresses, that coat yess ftw
haha french people don't eat snails
ALL THE STROMAE COVERS. Ya slay me.
Зарабатывайте, ничего не делая и не пробуя вы не добьётесь успеха в жизни. Это не казино, поэтому азарт тут не уместен. Рабочий инструмент, если подходить с головой то заработать реальные деньги может каждый. Вывод средств в течении дня, если сумма вывода большая то запросят верификацию подтверждающую личность и все это легко решается.\nПодробное объяснение что такое Олимп Трейд, как торговать и с чего начать \nhttps://olymptrade.com/l/LPL45-01/affiliate?affiliate_id=284604&subid1=&subid2=\nЗаработай на росте Bitcoin\nhttps://olymptrade.com/l/LPL47-04/affiliate?affiliate_id=284604&subid1=&subid2=\nСамый простой способ заработать на валютном рынке\nhttps://olymptrade.com/l/LPM04-02/affiliate?affiliate_id=284604&subid1=&subid2=\nПодходит для аудитории не знакомой с платформой Olimp Trade\nhttps://olymptrade.com/l/LPL09-02-07rub/affiliate?affiliate_id=284604&subid1=&subid2=\nПротетестируйте новую платформу.\nhttps://olymptrade.com/l/LPL31-06rub/affiliate?affiliate_id=284604&subid1=&subid2=\nПриложение для заработка на Android\nhttp://app.appsflyer.com/com.ticno.olymptrade?pid=affiliate&c=284604_android\n\nПриложение для заработка на IOS\nhttp://app.appsflyer.com/id1053416106?pid=affiliate&c=284604_ios
Dat backgound music tho, perfect
your dad is my fave
i miss paris so much omg
Girl you looking thinner! Hope you're well xoxoxo
Recipe Boxes to Cook Restaurant Quality Meals! http://goo.gl/ZFNzV5
very yummy
dodie !!!!!!!! la vie en rose !!!!!!!!!!
STROMAE aaaaaahhhh yeayy!
Have missed these!
🎶🌹💗
Nutella is Italian!!!!
Such a loooovely vlog💗💗 Paris, je t'aime!
No, nutella is proudly italian
Don't eat your nails haha
This video was frkn adorable ❤️
NUTELLA is the DELICIOUSESTTTTTT chocolate EVERRRR!!!!!!!1
Ravie de savoir que Paris t'a plu.
Amelie Vibes!!!!
ugh you're so lovely
Melanie, where is your coat from??! 💚
Your voice 😍
Where are your boots from? So pretty
Aaaaw such a lovely vlog! As a Parisian this reminded me of how much I love this city 😊 I also appreciated the music choice, sometimes I find them a bit cringy in Paris vlogs but these were lovely, I liked that there were covers (and amazing covers at that)
I was honestly thinking those shoes are so tall, how does she walk in those? Right before Tan fell 🙈
Where are your sunglasses from😍
Tanya, for what it's worth, I think it worked out better that you had to wear your trainers, especially when it came to taking photos with everyone. That SAME thing has happened to me in high heels and, oh my gosh, the pain was terrible! I actually relived it watching this. In fact, I had to look away when you showed the photo when it happened. Glad you're ok!
What Jim wants is a pasta or salad bowl, which both have low sides: http://www.independent.co.uk/extras/indybest/food-drink/best-pasta-bowl-marks-and-spencer-habitat-denby-royal-doulton-a7043676.html
What was the mac lipstick colour you where wearing at the event? I NEED!💗
Loving the new camera
I would love to know how to shop for your shape, or if you even think about it at all! I love your style
Where we you having coffee..looked really nice in the terrace area?
Love the dress, sunnies \nSo pretty \nYou look gorgeous \n\nLove this vlog
Show us the mirror you buy for your stairway Tan when you get it.love things like that.xx
You are a delight.....!🌟🌟🌟
please do a fall wadrobe video ♥♥♥
I did the exact same thing in shoes with an ankle strap! It was ligaments in my leg just like you described not the ankle at all really! Ouch!
Where is your footstool from?? love it!!
You need to throw away those shoes! Regardless the price! They're dangerous! 😂
You are a great person and I hope your ankle is better be blessed!!!
Love you so much!!💗💗💗💗
Tanya, I've been watching your videos for about 2 years now, and I honestly keep forgetting that you're well-known or 'famous' or however people want to put it. It's not at all that I don't think you should be :D (obviously, because you're so lovely and talented and beautiful, and the list goes on...) but it's just that you are so down to earth and modest! I mean it would seem obvious that many people love you because of YouTube, but ironically, even while I'm watching you on YouTube, you seem more like a friend than someone on my computer screen who so many other people also follow.\nJust thought I would share what was on my mind :P I'm sure many of you, watching, can relate!\nHope that makes sense. Haha!
Look for pasta bowls! Think that's what jim's  after
Where are your sunglasses from? They are so gorgeous 😍
Rolled ankles take longer to heal than broken because they arent casted. Wrap it and ice it. Don't wall on it for 2 weeks or else it will Never heal!!! Ice and bed rest and crutches for you. Plus pnce you injure your ankle that ankle will be prone to injuries for he rest of your life had the same thing happen to me
The focus is really good. Good 🎥
Never knew they personalized Yorkshire tea! My dad works at Taylors of Harrogate and makes those and I never knew, I love Yorkshire tea!
You look beautiful Tan. I hope your ankle feels better. Please look into a plant based diet as you dont need to kill to cook and no life need be taken for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Love your channel, Ive been following you for the last 7 or 8 years. Take care of Jim and Martha. ❤❤❤
My best friend and I were so happy we were able to meet u.  Love u sooo much 💕😍😘❤️
You look so lovely Tan, that dress is one of the nicest outfits I've seen. When I saw those shoes I thought they looked dangerous, had some similar and did exactly the same last year. Tore ligaments and was hobbling around for weeks , all the way through a holiday in Dubrovnik! You're a trouper for not crying lol and powering through!
How gorgeous you look in that dress!
what is the lipstick your wearing??? ❤
Tan's vlogs are the best <3
I've preordered your book Tanya x
I feel your pain! I fell and sprained my ankle in July and it took ages to heal. Hope you're feeling better already!
great vlog love! xo from my channel to your’s <3
I've pre ordered your book and ordered your xmas calendar
10:38 she get's her ankle bruised 😟
What sunglasses did you have on?
I have so much respect for you! I can't believe you did a meet and greet with a sprained ankle! Take care of yourself Tan 😢❤😚
this dress looks AMAZING on you
The red dress is so flattering on you!!!
Love this so much!! Tanya we love youuuu!!!! Check out my new vids xxx
5:20 - I think he's looking for a soup plate then. Love your taste in home ware!  xx
Sounds weird but your teeth urghhh I'm so jealous 😕❤️
That dress is gorgeous and oh so feminine! 😍
Out of interest, how much tea does the average Brit consume a day and why do they love it so much?
You inspire me so so much, your my hero. You make me so happy every time I watch you, you make me smile. I've been watching you for 2 years now and since I get really stressed and have anxiety I have loved to come home every week excited to watch your videos and have something to look forward to, like a reward. Thank you for just doing what you do, you are amazing and have really helped me get through tough times. 💕🙂
Hope your ankle is better👍✳️👍✳️👍✳️
can u do more what i eat in a day videos i love them !!
Hey Tan, your so inspiring! Thank you die uploading a new video! But when i read the title i that you were going to talk about mentally getting hurt and i would be interested to hear you talk about that! Xx
Love the new Vlog camera! 💗
Omg I'm in your vlog ahhh I'm so happy 😁✨🙌 it was nice to meet you at reserved
Great video! What card holder did you have in your bag? After one and yours looked perfect as it had a zip for change too. Xx
I have the exact kind of bowl you need and bought it in John Lewis.  Eat my pasta and stir-fries in it.  Sorry I can't photograph it - it's in my London flat- but it's white and perfect.  BTW you always look amazing, I love your make-up line and the make-up you're wearing today.  Would that be Woodwinked eyeshadow from MAC?  Lots of love from me Kate xxx, and from my five yo daughter Maya xxx who is your biggest fan and loves baking your cakes ❤
PLEASE tell me where your sunglasses are from!!!! Omg they are to die for.
I JUST LOVED WHEN U SAID MOROCCO; YOU MADE MY DAY TANYA <3  ! LOVE FROM MOROCCO !
The book you held up, Conversations with Friends, is currently on my bedside table. I am just getting into reading it! I bought it in Paris when on a girls vacation with my best friend. Tanya, I hope you enjoy reading it when you get time 😄
I'm already getting excited for Vlogmas. Am I the only one? The shopping in the beginning just gave me the Vlogmas vibe :D
Aww loved this video Tanya! You look stunning in this video
Where did they go for breakfast? Looks stunning!
oh my goodness - seeing a meet and greet like that shows how exhausting it must be! and on a twisted ankle too! you are awesome, tan <3
I love Kate's outfit! Does anyone know where her coat is from? :) x
Coach nude patent loafers would have been comfortable and looked great with your dress.
Oh wow! It's so weird seeing the meet n greet in fast forward!!
I can't wait for your Christmas Vlogs!!!!!!!
Love that red dress. I felt your pain when you fell. I've sprained my ankle twice and it's not fun. Glad yours wasn't that bad
So amazing to see you loving  my national clothing brand 💓
I love your vlogs so much 💜
I love all the reserved pieces you picked out! Great vlog <3
Love youre vlogs specaily when there long! So sad for youre enkel but i hope it feels fine soon!:) And i can't wait till vlogmastime this year❤️🎄 And i am watching youre old vlogmas back so cozy^^ xxx
Ahhhh loved the dress so much on you that I just ordered it straight away! You poor poppet with your ankle, I so felt for you, I hate falling over so totally got that you felt a bit shook up! Hope it was okay after your busy day! X
Did You know that Reserved is from Poland?
Love the new camera xxx
OMG!!! I love those glasses!!! Beautiful and they look so amazing on you! xoxox
I think you might have lightly twisted your ankle there Tan. So I think you resting it is probably good, also should have picked up a compression bandage.
Well wishes for your ankle lovely! Try a heat compress.
Probably a sprain, so if it's really swollen and bruised wrap it and it'll be better in and week or two
Oh my goodness where did you get your sunglasses, they are the exact pair I've been looking for??!
Don't you just love when people have actual meaningful conversations with you?!?! I think It's the best, love meeting new people.
Hi Tan! Loved your vlog as per! Bit random but I wanted to make a recommendation for shallower bowls if you're still looking for them lol, Sophie Conran has the most beautiful wider, shallower white ridged bowls that are fab for stir fries & pasta etc. Zoë x
Amazing vlog ♥
<3
What vlogging camera is this?
love the  outfit
Hey! Amrit pal is ginger :)
good👍
Trending number 2
SECOND ON TRENDING 😇😇😇😇😇💜
My tour tickets came today!!
Looking so lovely Tanya ❤️
Love your dress! X
Going to Reserved  tomorrow!
sunglasses!!!
love your dress! sorry your ankle got hurt
Does anyone know if Tan's lips are naturally that size or if she has lip injections/something like that?  She has the most beautiful lips and they look extremely natural.
I love the lip color you're wearing, what is it please?
Oh no! This has sold out in my size- I wanted to wear this red dress for a bridesmaid dress!
To the girl (anyone who knows) at 15.05 where are stripe trousers from? Maybe like so more people can see? Thanks!
Hey tan can you do a video showing your Christmas products?? Thank you!! Xx
I wonder if Tanya would ever like my magic...
Does anyone know where Tanya's pyjamas are from?
Hi Tanya, I'm also an EGYPTIAN and I watch basically ALL of your videos! I'm a huge fan!💕
LYRICS\n\nLife's a movie, let the camera roll\nFast life moving, ain't no going slow\nThat's right, baby, you already know\nYou already know, hope you're ready\nReady, steady, steady, rocking\n\nLet it go, get rolled, I just can't hold\nBack and forth 'cause I'm the girl with soul\nAin't controlling effects, so what the heck\nRock the discotheque 'cause this groove is up next\nTease on the camera, freeze while I animate\nI'm no amateur, I'm a laminate\nI'ma assassinate all the imitates\nThen I'ma take a break, and meditate\nHmm, let me think about it\nPut my little noodle on the problem, then I drink about it\nDrink a little, swig a little, sip a little, spill a little\nFeel a little loopy when I get a little tipsy\nBeez got me feeling like a gypsy\nSmoking on that hookah\ngot me feeling like a hippie, trippy\nGone for a minute and you missed me\nNow Fergie back with a bag full of tricksies\n\nLife's a movie, let the camera roll\nFast life moving, ain't no going slow\nThat's right, baby, you already know\nYou already know, hope you're ready\nReady, steady, steady, rocking\n\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\n\nYo, ayo, let it go, let's go\nI keep a bar like Esco\nI wanna ball, where the Nets go?\nI'm on stage, you can stand where the guests go\nBitches is my sons, they don't wanna leave the nest tho\nThey like, uh, where the ref go?\nI-I got these hoes scared to pass, I got that intercept flow\nI made a movie like Seth Rog\nAnd since I came in the game, they careers on death row\nDamn, I ain't see Meek Millie in a week\nFive shows, made three millie in a week\nYou are now looking at the the best, the elite\nToo bad you can't go and invest in critiques\nI'm thick and petite, tell 'em quick pick a seat\nI pull up in a Ghost, no sheets, trick or treat\nI know they on E, but I don't give a F, though\nBad attitude, but my pussy is the best, though\n\nLife's a movie, let the camera roll\nFast life moving, ain't no going slow\nThat's right, baby, you already know\nYou already know, hope you're ready\nReady, steady, steady, rocking\n\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\n\nCome get some, you little bums\nDudes want the cake, but they can't get a crumb\nFrom the original, sexual\nVisual dope chick and all that good shit\nCharismatic when I'm at it\nWhen I, add it up, I'm mathematic, baby\nTop game, I'm out the attic\nThere you have it, no dramatics, hold the static\nPose for the camera, daddy, I'm vogueing\nBaby, I'm glamorous, and I'm folding\nGrammys and Amas, I'm holding\nAmazing the way I keep shit frozen\nCool, that's true, got new shoes and a new attitude\nGot my hair did, got a new hairdo\nCome and see me at a venue near you\n\nI said watch me, I said watch me when I drop it\nJust watch and learn, baby, watch and learn, baby\nIt's hot, it burns so I drop it\nOh baby, watch me when I drop it\nYou didn't know I could drop it like that, did you?\nYou didn't know I could drop it like that, did you?\n\nLife's a movie, let the camera roll\nFast life moving, ain't no going slow\nThat's right, baby, you already know\nYou already know, hope you're ready\nReady, steady, steady, rocking\n\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\nThis is how we do, this is how we do\n\nMake some noise for my girl Fergie Ferg
It's Two Thousand Nicki Year , Get it? 😊😊 No month have passed without dropping a major hit. She's ain't going slowwwww ❤️❤️❤️❤️
She has a new style huuuuh
I didn't know Fergie in a suit was something I needed, but I definitely do now.
Who else remembers when she was pouring mike on her self, saying fergalicious, and holding lollipops 😂 oh and who used to know all the words to fergalicious  and you were so proud of saying that you had that skill lol🙃😂😂
that hook wasn't even a hook though?
Fergie repent and turn to Jesus Christ, stop wearing make up on because demons makes them. Watch John Chibwe he exposes demons who they are and how they operate destroy our lives. Search shekhinahglory t.v. on YouTube.
This is really good. I applaud!
English motherfucker! Do you speak it?
what are yall listening to? This is no bueno!!!
sound like Will.i.am ghost wrote her lyrics..
This is so damn good!! 😍😍😍
Kind of similar to Cara delavigne 's song , but still is different
Selfcare by emmalyn is better than this song
That's the most clothes I've seen Nikki wear
This is a ski mask girl flow
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS GO HEAD MY FERGIE MY QEEN YAAAAASS SLAY, AND I CANT FORGET ABOUT MY NICKI MINAJ LIKE OMG IN THE WORDS OF MY QUEEN, MY PUSSY IS THE BEST THO
I only just noticed the hype man in the background going YEAH!!!! WOOOOO!!!!!!!
It takes two to make a thing go right! It takes two to make it out of sight!
my girl sampling It Takes Two by Rob Base & DJ E-Z Rock .. damn !
THIS IS SO GOOD
I'm starting to feel like Nicki's name is LITERALLY Ft Nicki Minaj.
It takes two to make a thing go right!
madona should be here instead of ...
this is fire. why is everyone sleeping on this
Fergie I love you !Million  like gold
back on game fergie, respect, god speed, queen b still nicki, AND THIS IS HOW WE DO
I love it! Get it Fergie!
This song gave me a headache. Dissappionted! What was she thinking?
Very 90s, I like it!!
Love it! I'm feelin the school Madonna look ;)
Was it just me that thought Nicki looked like Black Cyna( I can't spell her name right) or I think I have watched rake it up to many times that is why
When Fergz did the full split 0.o
Visually, reminds me of Madonna's Human Nature vid. Much respect to Fergie.
Why haven't I heard this on the radio????
nicki minaj the best rapper in the music world
I'm here bc of Ariana grandes Instagram story
it's takes two to make a thing go right… Anyone?
I can't be the only one watching all of Nicki's verses before album number 4
Their careers on death row, OMG! yes queen Nicki, skin that bih remy slowly
Pabllo Vittar feat Fergie, please. 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Love Fergie, but why that nasty ass bitch Nicki
Queen ❤🇧🇷🇧🇷
Yaaasss GAWD!
Massa 😍😍
Came for Nicki
Loving this 90's vibe
Trash. Wtf you doing nick
KWEEEN
Bionic vibez! Love it
lindaaaa arrasou com a pablooo <3
Garbage... Nicki cant save this one
2:50 CUUUUUU KKKKKK
To damn hot!
My fuckin faves 🙌🏿🖤
Amazing song amazing video 💖
nicki has been saying bitches is my sons since 2013 damnn nicki u amazing!!!!
fergie a better rapper than iggy azaelia..no comparison
HEART FERGIE 4EVER
So cool 90s
hum hum damn fergie so hot
AMOOOOO
01:00
Here at 4.4 million
Old school sound 👌👌👌
Obviously just here for Nicki 😍👌🏽
Here for Nicki 😍😍‼️❤️
is this still pop? because rap is like 90% of the song. I mean I love Fergie and Nicki but I want to know
Can someone wright her a better song??
Why doesn't this have 1 billion views like most videos now. Must of forgot to buy the 1 billion views from youtube. Silly record company
America has some weird singers
1:24 You come for this
The music is okay, the woo eey parts are kind of annoying and very 90s.
fergie is playing chess....im surprised that she knows the rules of chess😂😂hater of pop music...
3 words 4 u: Women. In. Suits.
I Love this song
the baddest bitch is back! shes telling ya, watch out! love fergie & this joint! those lyrics though.❤👊
This should have an epilepsy/seizure warning
Thanks to this song I've been listening to old school for the last two hours. Starting with Rob Base and DJ Easy Rock.
Why does this video have dislikes 😒
Fergie can still get the dick
Finally Fergie made a good song again.
As much as I love this song, did anyone else get a Britney & Madonna vibe from the video?
That beat from a old song but is fuego🔥🔥🔥🐳
Did the 90's come back when I wasn't  looking? I love this shit. Go Fergie Ferg; Go Fergie, Go Fergie!
I soooo want to Like this...
This coming out after Taylor's video...well....It looks low budget compared. Loved Nicki!
who's here because the worlds gonna end soon
1:24 ❤❤❤❤💋love her so much
I remember this frige
Fergie never disappoints
Stunt Kween https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74je0hdYXFg
Very good. Gnam
NICKI KILLED IT
Fergie looks so different!!!!
1:41..... 🔥🔥🔥🔥 Romans Back
FERGI × NICKI 🥇
QUEENS😍👑
Nicki+Fergie=Ficki or Nergie subscribe for Ficki or like for Nergie
Swish swish vibes
Clock says 2:19 at about seconds in, and then 3:44 like 30 seconds later.
This is the first RocketJump video in a long time to reach 1 million views and there's a reason for that.
please do part 2 my b day is in 9 days so can you make a second one (it doesnt have to come out on the 29th)
This rarely had any views.
5:32 the grip slips to the fingertips. 5:34 we're back to full hand grip. 5:45 a pinky grip. literally unplayable.
Continuity error: when meeting Brett, Clint started off wearing socks, but when he climbs onto Brett's corpse, they're gone
Call his name=Doesnt wake up\nHit him in the head=Doesnt Wake up\nWater=Wakes up
Before I watch this I'm nine is this age appropriate probably too late when somebody answers thi
Is that one guy from lab rats? Near the end of the video?
Why wasn't this in the original movie it makes Obi wan and anakins fight even more emotional
Everyone asking about how the house didn't burn down and I'm over here wondering where Brett got the ingredients for s'mores and how he made it when the lava was not real......
Holy fuck is that a combo of daithi de nogla and fps Russia at the end there?
After watching BTS that was a lot of work for a not-so-convincing effect
I love the fact that with all the people commenting on here they did not bring up the beginning where he was like\nThe floor is lava man!\n\nWhat?\n\nThe floor is lava!\n\nReally?\n\nTo show that it was not true all along but yeah good story, loss, redemption, and foreshadowing.
You can see the alarm clock switching times in the first minute lol
Brett landed in the lava face down but when Clint rode him he was face up.
those are the best wall climbers EVER!!!!!!
5:45 How titanic should have ended\n\n\n\n\n\nWait.
You should be on America ninja warrior... I mean the strong dude plus there is a obstacle like that
Back to form guys, this has the quality to be one of your best. Keep it up
So shouldn't the guy floating in lava have his arms floating at his sides? If the rest of his body can float his arms would too.
The power of imagination.
Make a part 2 of this.  It was really fun to watch and see how you went around the house on different object and riding dead bodies, that was funny XD and it was cool how the lava kept rising really slowly.  Good Job RJ!!
6:28 there's a naked girl.
This could be a video really cool video game
I'm glad that pretentious rant, about how us subscribers aren't good enough for you anymore, hasn't completely stopped you from making good content like this.
The floor is lava\n3\n2\n1\nYou lost\nLOL
Is this what happens when you give full creative freedom of childhood trends to college-aged guys?
Do not like this.
RockerJump I don't no how is video in a lava
He had a cacodemon plush from DOOM on his bed. I think that's why there is lava.
Da ending of da hip hip had me dying😂😂😂
Oh wait so Quinn was the one dreaming? Ok
Can u do 24hr floor is lava challenge plz
This is like some horrormovie! 😂 XD
the heat alone would've killed them
That looks like Britain to me
Hahahahaha!!! I love this!!! Please make more simple stuff that was made fun vids
I think this channel could be back :D
Loved it. Good work
This is fucking good
Freddie is back :') good old days
It's. time to get swifty
0:51 The floating plasma berry with blue juice in  plushy version confirmed!
3:58 really, you have to touch hes penis?
Imagine the floor is lava and Nathan Drake
But on the ending funny
I remember my one mini-game the floor is sand...get it?cause sand on beach is hot so my family got some boots!..we putted some items like foldable chairs table and balls...we need to reach the water....before that we remove our boots......see ya in water!!!!! This aint a race anyway.....its all about survival😃
Lol you took this challenge too seriously
Haha I Sad But The End Video I Get Trolling
described how i feel every day i wake up to realise im not walking down stairs im walking into a wall
Why did he not just grab on to the ladder? It was right next to him.....😶
How long did it take to edit the lava
I KNEW IT WOULD END LIKE THAT
Time goes very fast in this video.
Imagine how many would die if this really happened...
rick: Hip hip!\n\n*falls in lava*\nim dead xD
Me: The floor is lava.\nFriend: So? It's just lava?\nMe: The floor is Jake Paul\nFriend: Please save me mommy!!!!!!
My childhood in a nutshell
This video was amazing 😉
NO SOUND?
*oh waddup son*
#thefloorislava
cropped 21:9.. :'(
Gaaaayyo
so predictibale
6:01 sounds like Mr Meseeks
LEL that end was jus click bait
1:00 reflection :)
Reaachhhhh!
Meen! I really like this video!! Awesomee!!!
FINALLY
Incredible.
Oh wutup soooonnnn
Lol the end
Wow
3:18
6:03 Trevor Phillips.
Wich stupid floors did they Just buy
3:22\nHurray
wow
😂😂 More plz!!
Why thay dong feel hot
CREATIVES!!=O!!
So cool!!!!!!!!
Lol, nice video
DED i
I'm back!!!!!!
Ist him from Corridor
WOW 😭
WTF
It looks real
Geblek!!! Hahaha..
Pro lucio
Gooekek
I mean videos
Good.
XD WTF 0:21
nice video
......
how to Get Rid these YouTube Recommendations??
please support me and reply comment
Where is the facial steamer from?
Hey can u specify what have you\ndone to your hair? What do U call these highlights? And please specify the color code and brand as well
hii dear cn u suggest me some thing throw which i cn get too shades fairer skin me skin is fair but i wnt more......plss agr koi home remedy ya koi cream hogi pllss suggest m
plzz share your hair cair routine and puffy ponitail plzz share with us
absolutely loved this video Dear you are so beautiful and I love your positive attitude<3 have an amazing day. looove Alana
nice video please support me and my channel and I sub your channel 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
please do what you eat in a day loving your skin 😍
How do i trim my pubes without hurting my balls?
ur looking osmmmmmm......😍😍😍😍😍😍
hii dear cn u suggest me some thing throw which i cn get too shades fairer skin me skin is fair but i wnt more......plss agr koi home remedy ya koi cream hogi pllss suggest m
Bobby is my favorite rapper. The world deserves to know who this man is
I thought his music video was gonna be more hip hop and upbeat like MOBB but this is good too. Definitely something new worth listening to coming from Bobby.
When the comments are all about how good the song is... so proud of Bobby! ^_^
Hmm YG put too much hope in him :/
Thank you bobby you make my day ❤️❤️❤️.
very very good, very cool\n I like his voice, I love this song so much
Came here after YG's IG tease for iKON's New MV filming............akndiewuhfsabdzmx..so excited!
Tears to my eyes before the first minute. 
Bobby we love you so much 💞
Why isn't there any English subs? What is he even singing about ? But must say that the bible verse in the beginning is so inspiring. Bobby, God bless you
I'm sorry but if you're hating on this you can die cuz he slayed tbh good job Bobby 👏👏
Great song! Jesus is LORD!!
this song is SO MEANINGFUL
bobby is the best.. saranghe my love
Blink here to support our fellow lablemate! Bobby, iKON, YG, y'all are talented and amazing af. Bobby fighting! Slay em haters!
Ahhh there you are, happy to hear this from you, My favorite.
Im just here to Cry my hearts out at how amazingly perfect Bobby is TvT
Absolutely LOVE this song <3
I only knew Bobby as an rapper and I was shocked about his incredible voice!!😍 I love the album and his rap and vocals! It's stunning 😍😍
Why is the song so vital? (((
I liked him better with mini he's still amazing
He has been struggling very hard for the best, he has grown up and proof that he can be the best, I like Bobby.
I read the english translation and I couldnt help to cry. It was like there is a friend speaking to me telling me to endure everything and I can do it. Currently, I am feeling helpless to my unknown future, maybe this is what ppl call as adulthood 😊😊😊😊 I literally cried reading the english lyrics and listening to this song. It was just like Bobby's part on climax. It touches my heart. 🤗🤗🤗
I love the fact that rappers in kpop are speaking out about their worries in their songs than bragging about how cool or great their life is these days. This makes me and most people relate to them, understand them and feel more closer to them, ultimately feeling the need to support and love them. Loving Bobby's album so far. Hope he promotes a lot in many shows.
“I called on the LORD in distress; The LORD answered me and set me in a broad place. The LORD is on my side; I will not fear. What can man do to me?”\n‭‭Psalms‬ ‭118:5-6‬ ‭NKJV‬‬
BOBBY FIGHTING!
AHHHH AKU SUKA BANGETT❤️❤️❤️❤️
런어웨이 하나!둘!셋!
amazing. we need subtitle !!!!!! please YG
HIS GRUnGE
Thank you ikonics . Keep on streaming 😇
1 million view ikonic jjang 👏👏 keep streaming
Love this song♡
great song 👍👍😘
hey boy,you already to KILL ME！！！
I'm excited to see his live performance!
Guys to raise views i love you and run away for two million
It make me feel like want to cry
bobby created a master piece ❤❤❤
This is the best song I ever heard
Bobby ate his CDs again. 👏👏👏 So proud this of HIM..Keep slaying,Oppa 👍👌
Fighting ❤️ love you so much
thanks for this comeback I was waiting something lite like this..\nyour words are normal but make me feel something different \nyg my fave🌼
This is becoming my fav
I love bobby so much 😭
*This is why he's my bias* ✨His songs are blessings. He, himself, is a blessing♥️
I love this song more than I love you!!!
Bobby I Love You ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Idk why this made me emotional. The MV's concept is so good.
bobby i love this song.. ❤❤❤
I LOVE U FOREVER
This album is awesome...it gives you all the feels...and makes you feel such a large range of emotions. BRAVO BOBBY 👏👏👏
I was literally blown away by this song. When I opened it I did not know it would be this amazing. It speaks out. And it stands out. Bobby is way too charismatic.
HE PUT A BIBLE VERSE IN THE MV MA BOI IS SUCH A LEGEND HE'S SO GOOD
Your voice is very very very great., bobby
I really love this song omg
I love this song  and bobby cute
that voice!!!!! i just can´t stop listen
He looks so good!
During a stressful and dejected time of my life, this song really voices how I feel. Thank you Bobby.
the song is really pleasant I love the rap in it very much and bobby is so handsome and charming as well as his voice and his gaze is killing me 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Baby here to support. This song is so beautiful and I  really love it  ❤️
who can't wait for live performance?  \nI badly want to see him to perform
The track Alien is very addicting
This song is so cool
words cannot describe how proud i am of you💚
Woah! I don't know that bobby has this extraordinary wonderful voice.  Im in ❤👏👌 good song + goodSinger is perf!
i am bobby fans from now
1M congrats!!!! All songs in the album is so good!!!!! love you bobby!!!!
438 dislikes on a 1 Mil Video. This shows that it's an Awesome song #Ikonics #YGstans
bobby my winnie the pooh
PERFECTION
Bobby is soooo good
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
❤️
I wanna runaway \nI wanna runaway
wow.....
senpai ga suki desu Bobby (*-*)/. (*-*)/
amazing! so much talent!
🖖😍😍😍😍
Keep streaming!!!
cool <3
BOBBY
😍😍😍😍😚😍😍
I wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\n\nModeun ge ijeneun jigeutjigeuthaeseo\nJageun ildeure gibuni swipge ppittulppittulhaejyeo\nHonja oneun toegeungiri sikkeulsikkeulhaedo\nNawa gwangyeeopsneun useumppun gogael tteolgwo gyesok\n\nJeongsineopsi dallyeossji eoreuni doenji moreugo\nGeokjeong eopsi saneun cheok eomma geokjeongeul deoreuryeo\nJibe dochakhamyeon ssisgo bul kkeugo nuwodo\nIjeneun kkumboda hyeonsiri mugeowo\nJameul mos deureo So I sing\n\nGeoul soge wae\nDeo isang naega aldeon nae moseubi aninde\nKkumeul jjochgo sipeunde\nNae eokkaee chaegimiraneun jimi geollil ttae\n\nBiteulgeorineun nareul bogo issdamyeon\nYeogiseo nareul deryeoga jwo meolli\nI wanna runaway\nYay ye yay ye\n\nAmudo nal moreuneun gose\nAmudo chajji anhneun gose\nSseureojin nal ireukyeojwo\nI just can't go on nal deryeoga jwo\nI wanna runaway\n\nSilsureul silpaero saenggakhaneun beoreusi saenggyeoseo\nSilpaereul hagi sirheo jakkuman sidoreul geureuchyeo\nDachigi sirheoseo saeroun mannameul gipihae\nHonja uneun jjogi pyeonhae nunchi bol piryo eopseoseo\n\nNae chimdaee nuwodo nae jibeun anin geot gataseo\nGeujeo eodinga meon dero tteonagago sipeojyeo\nNaeireun haega tteundaraneun huimangeul chajado\nJoheun achimiran maren\nAmudo jinsimi eopseo So I sing\n\nGeoul soge wae\nDeo isang naega aldeon nae moseubi aninde\nKkumeul jjochgo sipeunde\nNae eokkaee chaegimiraneun jimi geollil ttae\n\nBiteulgeorineun nareul bogo issdamyeon\nYeogiseo nareul deryeoga jwo meolli\nI wanna runaway\nYay ye yay ye\n\nAmudo nal moleuneun gose\nAmudo chajji anhneun gose\nSseureojin nal ireukyeojwo\nI just can't go on nal deryeoga jwo\nI wanna runaway\n\nRunaway\nOh nanana\n\nGeoureul boneun nae nunbicc\nHim eopsi muneojin du bal\nGeoul sok namjaga tto\nNachseolgeman barabone Yeh ye\n\nGwaenchanhajil geoya meolli\nI gin banghwangui jeo kkeute\nNaega chajneun nae moseubi\nNal gidarigo issgil Yeh ye\nYeh ye ye\n\nGireul ilheobeorin naneun\nIjen jichyeoseo naagal su eopseo\nYeogiseo nareul deryeoga jwo\nSumswigi eoryeowo\nYeh ye\n\nGireul ilheobeorin naui\nSoneul jabajwo\nI don’t know why I’m here\nI wanna runaway\nI wanna runaway\n\nAmudo nal moreuneun gose\nAmudo chajji anhneun gose\nSseureojin nal ireukyeojwo\nI just can't go on nal deryeoga jwo\nI wanna runaway
>< so cool
His pooh !!!
Behind that cheerful smile...is this 😢
BOBBY is genius💫
My favorite  song😍
keep streaming guys❤️
he is fucking perfect !!!
We hit 1 mil 😜✅
1m view 😍🎉　congrast all
get you a boy who can do both, singing and dancing. only Bobby!
I really want to runaway, but it's hard to do it when you're trapped, isn't it ? please be free from u're own inside self you may uunderstand what I want to point at <3 be strong and have faith ^^ everything will be okay <3 fighting
This is really really good and I really really love it. There's just one thing in my mind.. nothing against Bobby at all.. but this could have been a really good song for iKon as a group. They need more exposure tbh and yeah like what I said this could have been a really good opportunity cuz the song and video is so damn good. I'm not saying this would have been better with the other members cuz Bobby slayed it damn well. Just saying the chance should have been given to the group.
Bobby's solo album Love and Fall  lands at #2 on Billboard's 'World Albums' chart 👏👏👏\n#youmadeikonicsproud
Is bobby famous in korea? Why the view is only 1 M?
Is Bobby a Christian? I love the vocals by the way ugh
20 year old screenwriters discovered while working as waiters, and mentored in storytelling by studio execs with a catalog of cool concepts but no idea of execution. And there you have the summer movie season of 2017.
Wow you say mobile so wrong
I beg you to ask for my link! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuJXPc2t7adak6rv0bIyTDg?view_as=subscriber Khmer Report Today
you NEED to do Starship Troopers
please do Death Note 2017 the netflix adaptation
do it the new version next
I actually loved this movie
You know what would a good Honest Trailer? The Never Ending Story. With a Lionel Hutz reference.
Huge fan of the Brendan mummy but this one was entertaining in it's own way. Good time.
What is with the Corporate ads?
The slam against home schooling is quite humorous considering homeschooled children consistently out perform publicschooled children
Definitely a waste of Courtney B. Vance
Isn't Russell Crowe younger than Tom Cruise?
This movie was pure garbage. Let alone comparing it to the charming Brendan Fraser Mummy movies. Those were fun and awesome
Please do Dark Tower. It totally sucked
Do an honest trailer for the Spartacus tv series
Sorry, tom has gotta run, it's right next to hang on to something clause  in his contract! Buwahahahhahahahahahah
Your voice annoys me, I know you try to sound epic, but it doesn't work.
I don't care, I still liked the movie. But the Brandon Fraser versions, will always be classics to me.
Please don't show us ad messages before your content. It makes me not want to watch.
Can you do Dirty Harry?
Am pathetically grateful to Screen Junkies, as their Honest Trailer for 2017 Mummy has made me feel just a tiny bit better about the long minutes lost to sitting forlornly sitting through this ****. Srsly, I kept thinking it HAD to get better, it just HAD to, while counting all the other (better) movies that were getting ripped off (American Werewolf in London, Indiana Jones, even other Tom Cruise movies). Kept thinking the Mummy was going to start wiggling like the witch in Suicide Squad and whether the filmmakers could afford studio lights. And wait, if he stabs himself and he's death, how is he bringing people back to life, and physically you can't stuff that much liquid anything into a body without it looking like that blueberry pie scene from Willy Wonka, and...oh, never mind. It's too late. But I could have been sitting at the DMV and been more productive than watching this film.
Do the Baby Driver honest trailer
Tom Cruise could star as Jesus Christ in a movie and we'd still say, that movie with Tom Cruise walked on water.
Is the trailer stuff for real? I mean, the movie trailer being released without music and stuff?
Can you say we are doing Willow next in your epic voice then DO WILLOW!
Please say:\nRoses are red,\nApples are round\nIt's over Anakin\nI have the high ground
REAL 3D HOLOGRAPHIC DISPLAY https://youtu.be/IIrYal-ksMk
Please say El. Psy. Kongroo.
say chandu ke Chacha
love this
full movie here :\nhttp://boltvtoday.com/index.php/2017/09/20/honest-trailers-wonder-woman/
Home-schooled Indiana Jones... hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaa
Truth hurts.
IT 2017
IT pleaseeee
Worst movie of 2017
Oh definitely do Rick and Morty!!!
Please do Super Bad!
Pls say mortal kombaaaaat douroudouroudourou.....
nice lol what a shitty  film !!!!
Say I LIKE PIE
DO IT
The mommy
Do an honest trailers of all your sponsors.
Do the old It movie please!
the no sound effect lol!!!
do an honest trailer for The One with Jet Li!!!
Please say Beebo lead us to water! He's our friend!
How did you not talk about the doctor lady?
I really wish they went with my idea for the Dark Universe. It should have been about Dr. Jekyll trying to find a cure for Hyde and in doing so realizes the cure is a potion that doesn't exist anymore so he travels back in time to fight all the monsters in the universe.
Do the Room before the Disaster Artist is released
Say Something, I'm giving up on you.
I keep seeing a link on different websites that say why Hollywood won't cast Brendan Frasier anymore, but I'm afraid to click on it.
Valerian would be a good one!
Or an honest trailer of Grease!!!!
Do the movie it!!!!
You know, I think what I need most in life is a Honest Trailer of Baby Driver.
PLEASE DO PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN 5
They ruined it for me The Mummyis one my favorite movies \nWhere is Brendon Frazier and the Original Chick at ?!!?!???
Please review the Austin Powers series!
DO TRANSFORMERS THE LAST KNIGHT!!!
Say: you better start believing in ghost stories, ms turner, your in one!
I was hoping y'all would include the music-less trailer bit because that's the best part of the whole movie
Please say Girl, if you were a fruit, you'd be a fine-apple!
Say I'm Jesse Ventura and this is Conspiracy Theory!
Please say: I do hate talking raptor scene from Jurrasic Park 3
Please do Wonder Woman next..!
No Scientology jokes?!
Please Say: Disco girl, coming through, that girl is you-OO-OO-OO!!!!
Say come with me if you want to live
Do the Last Knight
Just do wonder  woman already. what are u guys watting for?
Brendan Frazier is so depressed now. It's the saddest thing ever.
Say: i have a dream ihad that S J will do a Quentin Tarantino movie without sponsorship.
Do Book of Henry!!  I need to hear Honest Trailers' take on its craziness.
Please say peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly with a baseball bat
Do halo 5 please
Please do It (1990)
Say:no kitty my pot pie!!
Silence of the lambs.
Wonder woman next please
Honest Trailer Bad Boys 1 & 2 or Straight Outta Compton
Please Do About Spider man Homecoming. PLEEEEEEAAAASE
Say Hawkeyes the best avenger
pls do How to train your dragons :< pls pls
THE ORIGINAL MUMMY MOVIES!!!!!
Honest Trailers for IT
Do stan vs evil
Do IT !
Just do Wonder Woman.
It the movie
Say, Peter Piper porked a batch of pickled peppers
Say Bewwwwwbs!
pls say: the tag says 'tuesdays at 10am' but it's now 10:39 and there is no new honest trailer
Brendon Fraser was better!!!
Do Willow!
Please do IT.
Do wonderwoman
How could you do a subpar movie like the Mummy before Wonder Woman or Homecoming?
this nigga took lots of lsd 😂 been there, too jim
The lady was kind of a bitch and was all questions. She didnt add value to the encounter as a person and was all about her JOB
I get the existentialism, I really do. But at this point, the anti-religious spirituality movement has become very similar to religion in their near-dogmatic overusage of key words (such as consciousness) and the near-identical way in which they all almost always choose to explain their new-found enlightenment. It almost always comes across as condescending and ego-driven, as if they are trying to lord over others with their spirituality. It's like in Christianity, what I call Christianese when someone has all the right Bible-verbage, all the right theology, and all the right Bible-belt mannerisms (if you've ever been in the Bible-belt to old-fashioned churches, you know what I mean); it's still an extension of their ego in that they build this image so everyone else can view them as the gurus of their organization.\n\nI mean, there are people I've met who exude a high level of self-awareness, but they seem so much more real, humble and down to earth in the way in which they explain it (and how often they chose to explain it or not explain it). Sometimes your life can be an example to others without necessarily saying anything in particular; just the way you treat others and even yourself can speak volumes. Jim is just finding his way (like we all are), but sometimes too much is too much.
Wow, these news anchors are dumb as hell. Jim has achieved more in one year then they will their entire lives. Who do they think they are disrespecting him and ridiculing what he has to say?
I dont see why everybody is calling this strange.. he's just talking truth
We awoke 1s out here overstand what's going on.  S/o Jim Carrey RESPECT 💯💯
Repeater It's Certainly Esoteric \nDictionary - very unusual and understood or liked by only a small number of people, especially those with Special Knowledge.   Exactly!  he knows he's more than just his skin and bones and that Frightens the sh*t out of those Reporters.\n\nA Celebrity going around saying he's a Consciousness having an Experience as a man called Jim Carrey, They are ignorant, so they say he must be MAD !
What does strange mean.\nIf you don't understand a concept, that is strange.\nBaboon journalists didn't understand.
Like when Prince turned himself into a symbol
Time to wake up, monkeys!
Top teir consciouness, truly being oneself, stripped from the ACTS of appeasing people is a threat to the illusion called The American DREAM,and what do most people enjoy doing?SLEEPING! and with BREAD and CIRCUSES they will sleep like baby's.
Forced to explain smfh, he chose to explain. Speaking of explaining people who can't explain whether someone's wrong or right always result to mocking or shaming that individual, aka these phony shitheads.
Jim is woke af! :P he's on a higher level.\nWould have been cool if these reporters could have discussed the idea intelligently
P S Y C H E D E L I C S
Where is the whole  interview ?
These talking heads just give the typical 'laugh factor' jokes on them
so lets say jim carrey its a character(played by this hippie)that plays the role of an actor and it was a character that was played for years and that well played that we all forgot it was a character only and not the real actor(mr.hippie) so now that mr.hippie dont want to play jim carrey anymore we all think he is nuts and that we lost it because we get that use to jim at the point that mr.hippie was trapped there for a long time till now that he is trying to get free of jim.
Heres the thing, perhaps they understand but them announcing a understanding sells what? These ideas have to be ridiculed and radicalized because if people accept such ideas business could be hurt I'm sure. So i wouldn't just think they're stupid and don't understand, it could be the exact opposite.
These reports s u c k !!!
Don't waste time explaining yourself, Jim.  You'd have better luck trying to teach a monkey how to use an iPhone.  The real people out there understand exactly what you're talking about.
This is illuminati shit, all the mainstream media is control led and influenced by the government. They rather paint him up to be crazy then actually discussing some of the important subjects Jim brought up. If everyone was as aware as Jim then the whole system would collapse but things would but maybe for a better and more meaningful future, were people are different and think different, we need more people like Jim who can positivily effect others.
What piece of shit tv channel is this?
they're just playing their characters...  not very well.  ha ha
The only thing bizarre is that he's awake right now and you're still living in a dream.
God these fake fuckfaces on tv are so face deep up their own asses they can't even process Jim's answer instead they mock him for being 100% honest
he is not crazy he actually  see things\nClearer than we do. And he stop Careing  he is right. On everithing he say  but some how he does not know  how to break  it trough  for other people and he can seem delusional for most people  but he is wright  he knows something  something big
Hahaha it's so funny to have substance and a deeper need for self definition.
Jim Carrey speaking the truth!!!!! People worship false idols (celebrities) when in reality we all end up as cosmic space dust.There is no meaning to life, there is no concept of time, there is only now. One day the sun will become a red giant and the earth will be in its reach and then what? Will fashion week matter then? Will award shows matter? Will I or you matter? The answer is no and that it the enlightened state of mind Jim has reached. A higher level of conciseness
Yall reporters are fuckin clueless. Eat some acid and call yo parents
These minion presenters are strictly controlled by the very same capitalist media corporations that hold fashion shows, red carpet events etc. and so they have to send out the right message to keep the masses where they want them..and in this case its to make fun of him and send out the vibes that he is the crazy one for not fitting the mould....and its only enlightened individuals such as jim that are able to see them for what they are, seeing that we are all being farmed in to consumer pawns under a facade of our own superficial importance and independence and that the priorities and aspirations of our commercial society don't mean anything or even exist in the grand scheme of things. Its something I feel very alone about myself and is pushing me further and further away from society in general.  Higher consciousness can't compete with capitalist agendas.
They are just to simple minded to understand what he is saying.
damn these guys need some guidance from the mushroom
Finally a celebrity that has awoken to consciousness
These people are so fucking stupid, Jim Carrey is awake!!
Maybe he's does just need a character to play
I didn't think the interview was that weird. But he doesn't look healthy. That Juaquine Pheonix interview was weirder.
So glad to see everyone agreeing in the comments. What Jim is saying is not crazy at all. It's essentially one of the primary concepts of Buddhism! It's well known, widely understood philosophy. How disconcerting to see the media reacting this way, as if he is insane...
Fuckin' retarded shitbags.
#JIMCARREYISBACK2017
It sounded a little mean to say she didn't exist, but she  comes off like a shallow, judgmental, and clueless person to do interviews. There's more interesting partners to a dialog found at cheap diners and in small town gas stations where no one pays for being original, it's just a matter of being human.
these Monkey will never get it. they just want to make fun and talk shit. Jim knows what is up and is self aware.  something the Primitive idiots will never understand. I am so Glad Jim did what he did on stupid week.
Things got out of hand after the relative manifestations of consciousness appearing, right around the cluster of ideas like we are ourselves is atoms protons and electrons. I believe in the prophets, the much truer and nobler spirituality. To you Jim Carrey i say, You can have all the knowledge of the universe know all things able to move mountains, but if you cannot love then you are nothing
That's the he core of Buddhism. It's easy to laugh at it when you don't understand it. That being said, maybe he did not choose the right time to express it.
i love how they try to flip it into a joke instead of at least trying to listen to what he's saying. ego defense mechanisms are fun to watch.
the elites are gonna have trouble with us younger folks
I get what he's saying. It's a shame they are making fun of him.
Wow these people are really uncomfortable with what he said. Laughing and trying to make him look like a fool but they just honestly cant comprehend what hes meaning
we are with you brother. don´t crack under this savages.
Wow these sheep dont get it
Those reporters should stop being alive asap.
people are so stupid
It's so funny to see people thinking he is going crazy or insane :D If you don't get it you just don't get it. It would be like blind people thinking someone who is describing color is weird.\n\nBut then again - Jim Carrey should know better... that people don't understand this yet and it's a bit of a trap get stuck in this way of thinking - you'll be saying stuff to people that is too far out there for them, sometimes it's important to stay grounded (even though you know more than before). But I understand what he wants - he wants to share all of this with everyone :) Keep on shining your light Jim!!!
Jim Carey is just woken up. He's method acting for Terrence McKenna! He's adopting his personality and philosophies for the role.
No he's basically saying that you stupid little jobs, that's have you pressing on about  fame and all things hollow are totally irrelevant in the garden scale of things. Wankers.
Jim is sooo woke. EGO IS EVIL. These people are twats
Flatlanders from the Truman Show commenting with fuck me accents. Lovely!
Woke beyond woke. I love him. Fuck these puppets....
This is so fucked that he just gets passed off like that. I hope this generation sees it for what it is
Just let Jim 🐝 he happens to be 💯 percent correct
this answer interview is older than the bizarre interview
he's lying. he's trying to hide the signs...chester bennington tried too and look what happened.
Wow media again trying to control how we feel and think...
What he said makes perfect sense to me.
Lady Anchor - He was on trueman show right? It's like he doesnt exist without a character to play.\nMean while she's playing the role of a tv show host and doesnt know it😂😂 some people are sleeping so hard lmaooo
he really is God
Best movies of all time: truman show and eternal sunshine
Yeah I mean, the concept is 'Anatta'. It can be a useful concept but...It's strong medicine that my sense is you kind of have to build up to...
Love him. Calling out the stupidity of it all.
Everybody knows that you can lose a some of your self identity if you have been an actor as long as Jim Carry has. The price for fame. Jim is a pretty interesting personality.
Imagine the money in apocalyptic world
U don't need a red pill to stop being third eye blind. Just a fierce desire to think for yourself & not what u r told! 👌🏼🤔
Carrey was on point...media playing their subversion carelessly.
Its so irritating to watch these interviewers react with sarcasm about the first real conversations I've heard in interviews in the last decade. The only topics for discussion nowadays are Kardashians ass implants and Trumps wig. Don't talk about consciousness! Don't talk about growth!... Just ass and wigs.
this is so disgusting how these people are being. obviously he's dealing with depression and identity crisis and WHO WOULDN'T when you became a celebrity at the time he did, when celebrities had to be perfect and be the character they portrayed all the time. but most of all, let's remember the fact that this lady's first words to him are asking about needing a date after his girlfriend just committed suicide. i dont think all these icons would seem like they mattered much to you either if your girlfriend just killed herself and you're dealing with severe depression. it's disgusting. leave him alone.
this stupid reporters should show some respect for a man who is that big !!!
Fuck the media and the news
Jim is next to die them Juden will kill him like everybody else that opens up on them
It annoys me how just because there talking about a comedian there demeanor is like everything is funny. That must be so frustrating to assume the role as comedian and never be take seriously.
He simply managed to walk out of the matrix we are living in. Meditation and ask your self what really matters. Don't try to fins answers on the internet, just ask your self true questions and you will begin to understand Jim.
Who are these boobs? Mr. Carey has reached a higher state of consciousness and they are speaking as if he's lost his mind.
These media people are to into there jobs that they are tools of the trade
There people are trying to make him look insane when he's actually more sane and aware than any of them.
A bunch of ignorant self-centered reporters with small minded perspectives which is the problem and what Carrey is getting at. They only help him by appearing so ignorant but you have to feel sorry for them.
He figured out that the earth is flat, and he is inside a enclosed dome like, structure, similar to the truman show. I'M SERIOUS!
Dissappointing these anchors are making fun of a man who is AWARE of his conscious subconscious mind and self. To a person that cannot grasp that differentiation....he would appear odd. Good for Jim Carey. He is beginning to see that he doesnt have to be a label. That he is much more than that. \n\n-Lorelei
Everyones comments are sooo refreshing!!! Stopped watching tv a long time ago because it's filled with this BS! Its good to see humankind standing up for truth and a saner reality 👍👍👍
idiots all idiots especially that fat cokehead
Woke AF!
Small minded people..
dumbfucks ! stfu motherfuckers.
glad u idiots think its funny, youll find out soon0
Truth!
P
Fucken sleeping sheep
Retard alert!
Damn. Jim Carrey doesn't exist.
They mock him instead of trying to understand his view. Fucking retards.
Pray this man gets saved, what a sad thing.
It's the whole point to make woke and clever people look mental incase they cause others to wake
Once in awhile you'll get these actors who all the sudden become very deep and think they've found the meaning of everyone's life blah blah blah and they sound schizo at first but they're just trying to sound way too spiritual lol
RIP a legend
RIP Sir!
<3
love you HDS
RIP Harry Dean Stanton
Who is drowning in their tears? Its so good. I love her so much. Even if she doesn't win, she is the one I'll remember till I die.
Standing inside the Illuminati Pyramid? They want you to know who is in control here...wake up America!
Her name literally starts with angel no wonder!  She's so amazingly talented and it makes me cry because im sitting here watching youtube and eating.
I swear if she wins I think I'll vomit
you are winner AGT 2017 My Angel Angelica Hale
Gave me the goosebumps. Her voice portrays innocence but is very powerful.
OMG I'm looking for amazing
Just remove the ica from her name.
She needs to get vocal training. I'm not saying she's bad it's just she shouts when she's trying to project her voice. She's gonna come close to wining I know it!
Right now based on articles that I have seen so far, it appears that Darci Lynne is still the girl to beat. However, NO question Angelica could definitely pull off an upset!
WAIT A SECOND hold on in her name I will caps what I found in her name!      ANGELica
I read that Angelica is in second place but I honestly think she could win, I really want her to win!! She's my favorite, she literally gives me chills and is sooo sweet! She has\nMy vote
She's awesome ! Everyone check out & subscribe to my *NEW YouTube channel.💋🏠https://youtu.be/j08V1q2vYbo
Only 2.6mil views? This is way better than despacito
to think that her mother's kidney is inside her, its very inspiring. :) God bless you Angelica Hale. thank you for sharing your talent to us. nourish it. continue to inspire more people. we love you.
that is a gift not talent xoxoxoxoxoxo
Hi! I'm giving you 50 PHP on Coins, the easiest way to pay and get paid. It's free to sign up NOW! Get your account verified FOR FREEEE!! You can invite others too! Here's the link: https://coins.ph/invite/ye8cgk
voice is great, but how she uses that voice..👏🏼👏🏼
leave at 2:26, thank me later))
she is a half blood filipino so imfact that she is a great  singer . \nproud to be a filipino
I really can't believe where that sound comes from, it's so magical
I love you Angelica
amazing and talented!! love you angelica!!
Angelica Hale bring joy and she is a messenger of music
American's got talent can please angelica win at American's got talent
1:57 why they put satanic symbol pyramid with devil's horn?
She will be so good in Vegas....oh wait shes 10. Nevermind.
Such an Angel and Hale
Wouldn't it be great, whether Angelica wins or loses, if AGT gives a [1 million dollar???] donation to Children's Miracle Network?
she is just WOW...
All I can say is wow
9 Words BEST KID SINGER I'VE EVER SEEN LOVE U ANGELICA
01:22 though. I can do more
Geez, I can imagine her voice is only going to get better as she matures. I don't mean it's lacking by any means, she's amazing but you can hear her youth when she sings. Such a powerful voice and so advanced for a 10 year old.
I can't believe this voice coming from an angelic being 10 years old Angelica Hale, it touched, captivated and mesmerized my heart. Well done little angel. Indeed!
I really don't think she is that good.  I get she's only 10 and for 10 she is good but its still not better than most of the other acts.  In my humble opinion.
ANGELICA HALE I S THE BEST. SHE DESERVES TO BE THE 2017 AGT CHAMPION
TO ALL NON US RESIDENCE: pls try to vote on nbc website or apps on your phone to vote for angelica tonight..all you need is your email address. pls lets make angelica the winner. the good thing with angelica fans is worldwide compared to other contestants who is only known here in US. that is why darci votes are high because mostly her votes are here where as angelica has millions of fans but cant vote.
Am I the only one that loves when she does that high thing with her voice?
Cut the Hi Hi this is Ty Ty crapola, Tyra. It's rather sickening to have to listen to at the end of these clips.
Oh my goodness😱 gave me chills. Such a talented soul ❤️
My sister thinks darci Lynne will win but I think not I think you will win because you are so talented I love you so much I hope you win good luck cutie
Chills throughout whole body ❤️ she needs to win ❤️
I hope she wins America's Got Talent
Angelica is now my favorite singer
110% that she would win the finals with a song of Selena Quintanilla.
1:40 is that you Whitney Houston?Omg 😍
She could be on broadway she is a star her voice is like a mini alicia keys 🎤🎼👩🏻‍🎤
Proud to be filipino😂😀!!!
Good voice Angelica you look like a angel 😇
Is this from singapore?  Wow its great
Angelica's performance be like:\nIt's not perfect but it slays everythin
can i say that she is not amazing? she is what God creates as prodigy! she is more than just amazing.\n\nanyway does anyone feel the beautiful pitch when she says 'without you'? its so calming and heartfelt...
Who else gets chills cause its that great 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Angelica looks like Xyriel Manabat (Did I spell her name right?), a famous child actress in the Philippines 😍
She is so pretty💖💖💖💖
America you can't handle the truth\n\nhttps://youtu.be/OoVDnTEzeVc
Im speechless
nice voice
She's lit
SHE WILL WIN!
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
😘👍🏻😍😊
Darcy Angelica and Mandy the final 3...😉
Plese angelica sing greatest love of all in the finals😊
Best wishes from India...
OMG! Close your eyes at 0:34 to 0:58...it breaks my heart.😭💔😊😍😍😍😍 feels so great!. I love you Angelica. God bless you.
Go angelica..  Winner or not.. U already put a big name of yours in the world of music industry. Im always your fan.. Always..😘😘😘 praying for more success coming to your life..just keep your feet on the ground young lady.. God will always there..
In my opinion if wasn't for Angelica i would not be that interested just like now to this show
I really love this little girl❤🌹❤ i prayed you'll win this competiton 💜
you r just wowwwwwww................ amazing voice and shiny personality .... you r already the winner cuz u r the best .... love and kisses
HONESTLY, I DON'T WATCH agt . because i know that this is not a pure singing competition. I  don't like singing puppets, magic, acrobatics, dancers , clowns , impersonators and the rest of the contestants, until i came across ANGELICA. I was really amazed by her powerful, emotional,  and versatile voice. And from then on, i kept on watching AGT only because of ANGELICA. now i am so glad and thankful to our God almighty for having her into the finals. we love you so much ANGELICA!!!! we do hope you win.
I always wanted to be the first to comment, but there is no way. Who are these people who comment at the speed of light? What Internet do they use? What do they live for? Where they live? What do they eat?
am trying to find a word to explain this voice , this voice is more than amazing , she makes the song its  just for her own ,angelica don't give up as your are the best.
i hope you become the next whitney houston... my goodness
1k dislikes? No way
I had chills
😍😍😍😍😍♥
I like when shy sais yoooooooooooo
Best song ever
She Won!
wow
wow , ahhhmazing girl!
good sound
OMG!  😲
SING IT GURRLLLL
SAD face, CRYING face.....why on TV???
Darci & Angelica shall win together! :)
Its rigged if she doesnt win
Honestly.\nWho's Celine Tam?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDqTBlKU4CE
♥
argentina 😍
*goosebumps*
Amazing!
WOW
U r killin' it, Angelica, u r my fav in agt! Hope u can win! U r amazing! <3 ya
I still think the puppet girl should win
Not intended to hate, but i feel that Mandy or Light Balance should win. Don't get me wrong, angelica has a god-gifted voice for such a young age but , Mandy has so much talent since she has to sense the vibrations through her feet because she is deaf, yet she still sings beautifully and also Light Balance is so amazing , the sync is absolutely perfect and if one tiny thing goes wrong, its over for them and keep in mind it is a dark stage. They also make new light suits every week and they are really hard working. In the end , i still give it to Light Balance.
Mokeem faizi
please don't sleep on her talent T_T.
The Jepsen Pattern at it's best
holy crap she looks like the waitress from always sunny lmfao
Need more!! Can't wait for the new album hope it's announced soon ;)
I love her short hair ❤💗
I've said it before, I'll say again. Carly is one of the most amazing singers who is so much underrated. I love you and your music ♥️
there was no budget this time around?
no im so pissed off what the fuck this is one of the greatest pop songs in human music history and youre telling me it hasnt even hit 1m views in 4 days? CARLY. DONT STOP MAKING MUSIC. YOU ARE SO UNDERAPPRECIATED YOUR WORK IS INCREDIBLE AND YOU DESERVE A GRAMMY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! T_T!!!!!!!!!
CUT TO THAT CHORUS!
I Didn't Know That She Came Out With A Song Oh And I Love It
I love the song SO MUCH but your trash(a.k.a MV) ruined it again. A-G-A-I-N!!!!!!!\nWTF is this excuse me? I wait for MONTHSSSSSS and you dropped this crap for us?\nWhich could be shot within 3 hrs???? EPIC FAIL.
Am i the only 1 who see's coffee shop girl from always sunny?
anyone notice this song fits Max Landis' themes like a peg?
This music video makes me love the song even more.
Sorry Carly, but this is too basic.
The Song Is Verry Ennergetique And Very Hyper and the video is an upset for me
new hair style is terrible
A video pretending to be about the making of the actual video we are watching, in other words itself, is when meta gets effing annoying.
I love carly!! Shes such an amazing musician! I wish i get to meet her in real life...
I just like that she's happy.
I don't like the video. I think she could make a better music video for this song.
For a friend for love.
So happy to see crj new music vid it makes me go crazy!  Love from the Philippines
My queen is giving me Michelle Williams vibe.❤
She look like Sam from ICarly with a short hair version ❤️❤️
Much better than katy perry's flop song
I love your voice so much
This video makes me happy 🤗🤗
721 Scumbags disliked Carlys video it's hard to believe how can someone do this
Showcase Offer: 100 % free Iphone. Get hold of a completely new apple iphone every year. To successfully register and receive a FREE iphone move to the google search and type: *givefonesaway*
Isn't this song from the movie Ballerina??? (At the end)
I love you so so much💘💖💖 From VietNam💓💓
so sad she's so underrated, this song is better than Katy's Swish Swish. like if you agree
watched those kids dance in a series of videos so 🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is so amazing!
am I getting a Madona  vibe from this song?! \nomg love it!
this remind me so much of a coke commercial 🙄
What she is saying to me is you can't box her.....love the new look and sound!
Was hoping this song was gonna be the lead single off an upcoming album! Would've made a great lead to an awesome album!
I feel like after EMOTION you were so underrated and I am so happy Spotify recommended this in my playlist.
wait she is not in a contract?
Queen of literally everything
Best pop singer of all time, sooo angelic, favorite single singer of all time by far, I love Carly so much. <3
This is one of my most fave songs from Emotion Side B+ and now it has a video! So cool.
Literally the worst video released this year.\nAnd released months too late.\nWho is in charge of this?!!
Best song of 2017, hands down.
If this song fails, I make a good coffee !!!!!!\nIt fails even this song is so wonderful :(( , can I drink it !!!!
DONA DA POHA TODA ! \n\nI loved, the clip 2017. <3
Number #1 in MY Heart
all her songs are perfect..
Queen of making good coffee 1:25
Dislike por haberse tardado más de medio año con este video :/\nOk_no. Por el intro tan parecido a Lucky Star de Madonna
Y de repente aparece un comentario en español entre tantos comentarios en inglés xd
please follows doing videos and music for us. I love you.💖❤\nYa extrañaba tu música y mucho ya por favor continua haciendo música y sacando videos debo de admitir que tu música la letra todo me encanta me pone de buenas cuando estoy sad 😭😘💝💖😍😍💝 No nos abandones mucho porque queremos oír tu hermosa voz 💑😭😍💖 saludos desde México🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽 \nPD: no creo que me leas y si lo haces por favor contéstame siiii😊😘
カーリーのおかげでリスニングが少し良くなった
<3
HAPPINESS! GO CARLY! WHOOO!!!
Feeling cut! Love you Carly!
I love you!
QUEEN
Limerence, Secrets, Obsession, Escape
Like💚👍😜😛😘😘😘👍👍💚💚💚💚💚
❤❤❤❤❤
UGH I AM LIVINGGGG😩😩😩😩
Good vibes as always ♥♥♥♥
Perfection😍
I love you carly
Horrible
*CALL ME*
boring
lowkey forgot she exsisted after call me maybe
god bless Carly Rae Jepsen
Her voiceeeee.. 😍😍
Carly Rae Jepsen Cult Follower here. Anyone wants to sign up?
I loooove this song
Million Reasons part 2.
SupER <3 <3
I love it 😍
🇧🇷😍😍😍
Good : )
めっちゃいい曲💓
Someone isn't famous anymore☺
please be a HIIIITTTT
I love Carly 😍💓
fun song =DDD
she is adorable
Where! is! Félicie!!!!
ビオレのCM曲‼
kinda retro and loving it ❤
queen of music
It is Carly?
nice kitty timer
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
Greta plays with Carly?!
Queen!!!
She deserves better!
This is bored
Pudo hacer un vídeo excelente ya que la canción es buena, una fiesta o algo alegre, pero no... Hizo esto 😢
anime dog- bottom right
one hit wonder
is it just me or does everything about this song/video just make you want to smile and love everyone <3
10/10
Big chune
♥️♥️♥️Amazing voice ♥️♥️♥️\n♥️♥️♥️Amazing music♥️♥️♥️
😍😍😍
114514/10
Yeah!!!
Avatar:Master Of Sand
아‥진심 개좋다
11/10 ❤️
sdupid
Kto z polski
Thought it was wiz kid lol
KOCHAM.
MY FAV SONG!
Love this Track!
good
Rudimental ❤
hi
Who are 320 douchetards who disliked this ffs?!...
Anyone else before 1 mln? ✋
good
Sooo Beautiful ❤😍
I like!
within 13secs. i liked this
I'VE LOOKED FOR THIS SONG FOR ALMOST TWO HOURS NOW AND I FOUND IT I ALMOST SCREAMED BUT ITS MIDNIGHT OMG FINALLYYY LOVE IT🎈🎈♥♥♥
Is it just me or does he sing The Sun Goes Up?
James Aurthur is my best ever and I didn't stop open this song since the first copy came  but  this clip is really about Puma😂
OMG THIS SONG IS A BLESSING
Amazing just love it xxxxx
quality music.
Wie heißt das Halbschwarzemodel mit den unterschieden Augenfarben? :)
Best Song ever
This video😍😍
Thanks for Herny Gallagher bring me here :)
☺
Amazing!!!!!!
Yawn
Adoro estos panas, son los mejores.
kocham
Best part: 0:00 - 3:25
Nubek
rudimental & james arthur & puma
loveism❤
Best song💪🏻🙈😍
On repeat 💕
Polish like
Cheap copy of Like I can by Sam Smith, In the night by the Weeknd and Pill in Ibiza by Mike Posner.\nNowadays the music is becoming soo so generic. Nobody can be really original and sui-generis. Now several singers copies and copies older songs :/
whoever disliked this is dead inside i swear
I have to say that not only do they make dope music, but their videos are also refreshing and awesome.The video and lyrics/music complement each other perfectly.
familiar yet different...not sure I like it as much as first LP. Let's see, could be a grower!
I listen to this everyday before and after school 💝🎓🎶💟
This song is so perfect it's unreal 😍😍 I've been going trough a hard time recently and I've put this on repeat to try to put mind on my arnt having cancer 😭😭 this song makes me want to dance and sing, best song this year by far
My friends have told me many people have asked about my identity after seeing this video. My name is Sjay Ngoma. I'm an artist from Cape Town, South Africa. Thank you for all your kind words and I hope the joy I had working on this video penetrates through your screen and  to your heart. #SUNCOMESUP\nInstagram: sjayngoma\ntwitter: sjayngoma
Currently going through depression and I can't help but cry like a kid whenever I hear this song. Just reminds you of all the happiness in the world, and gives you a feeling that everything will be all right in the end.
2017 and still listening to this song !
for some reason whenever i hear this song I get happy
Disheartening to see that it is so underrated :(
I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love and I LOVEE MORE
love!!! and on repeat for well like my entire day :P
What is the name of the main dancer? :O
Nice song and all but what's Pogba doing here? 🤔🤔
Still under a million views?
I really love it so perfect i feel better
Who's here before 1 milly
This song is so catchy and good. I love James Arthur, he's amazing and his voice is killer 👌🏾
lyrics, in case you wanna see the video and sing the song at the same time :\n\nI wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\n\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\n\nOh, oh, I danced through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (give your love back)\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (shine your light on me)\nGive a little light (give a little, to get a little love)\nTo get a little love back (to get a little love back)\nGive a little light (to get a little love back)\n\nOh, dance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nI sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again (I feel my love)\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\n\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
What a voice on James arthur
I love this song. James' voice makes me so happy
My type of music 👌🏻🔥
Such a beautiful video
This so g needs at least 100000000 views
I listen to this song so many times a day
This is just way tooooo good! Love it ☺️
This song makes me cry....so cleansing...makes me think of all the hard times I've been through...everyone is leaving happy comments....and i'm here like...wow...im the only one crying LOL
i felt one direction vibes with this vid
It was released 3 minutes ago and already 480 comments
So good on so many levels. 🎤🎼
Does anyone know who is this guy in this video ? His instagram or smt ? Pls help 🙌
James Arthur is a Pro, and i know he'd be good to work with !
I wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\n\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\n\nOh, oh, I danced through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (give your love back)\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (shine your light on me)\nGive a little light (give a little, to get a little love)\nTo get a little love back (to get a little love back)\nGive a little light (to get a little love back)\n\nOh, dance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nI sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\n\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again (I feel my love)\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\n\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
beware of the church of scientology, it is an evil cult who want to ruin your life and steal your money, your life is at risk if you involve yourself with this organisation\nwatch this film for the truth about scientology\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6oYaMtJln0&t=73s
Great song, greetings from Poland!
Why does the beach song reminds me of thong song by sisqo and the blonde hair
Like who heard this song before it reaches 1 trilion views
is it just me or is that the pretty mugshot dude
Who is the guy in the video? He's amazing!!
Can't belive why this song have only about 600 000 views! It's so amazing! People are u blind? Idk about u but for me this is much more better than Despacito! Love it!😅☺😊😍
Wow! Beautiful song. This song deserves at least 100 million views.
When i heard the song i expected  an exceptional  video but it's not like the one i thought but very aprreceating  work😊😊☺☺👏👏👏
Who's here before 1,2,3,4,5,6 million??\n\n\n\n\n\nNobody....Okay
I'm in love with it😁❤
I just can't breathe 😘😍😍😍
Songs like this remind you how powerful music can be. Putting feelings and experiences into sounds.
Ta muzyka jest  good😂😂😂😂😈😙
Omg i love this song soo much😍🤣❤❤❤
Sun Comes Up feat. James Arthur
Black supremacy.
I love this so much. Does anyone know who the lead dancer is?
The We Like To Party one works a bit TOO well. He's dancing like the Six Flags guy, may as well do it to his theme song :P
You shouldove put the bear mask on pennywise for the pedobear song and please do the russian national anthem or cheeki breeki hardbass
Pretty please do Touch my Body by 2NE1 or wouldn't it be nice by The Beach Boys!
Make him dance you believer or HEHYAYAYAYAHEEHE
1:48 made me cry a bit\nI remember when fnaf wasnt cancer ;_;
The snoop dogg song is amazing with this lol
Pennywise dances to I Can't Decide by the Scissor Sisters!
the one that absolutely killed me is the fact that he dances to the Five Night at Freddy's Song.\n\n\nIn the news: Horror movie character dances to fan song of horror game
What's the smoke weed song called
I don't feel like dancing - Scissor Sisters
Who suggested pedobear? I love him...
I've been watching all of these in a row and this is one of my favourites XD
The song at 1:30 fits in so well since Beverly is there
Pennywise had to dance Never gonna give You up - Rick Astley
Have you done peanut butter jelly time?
Why fnaf 😫
Damn son
Do one with the song willy willy bum bum
1:55 five nights at penny's
Bird is the word
1:39 I was about to suggest this shit
This is me everytime I go to a dance party
XD I lost it at I Love Little Girls. XD Oingo Boingo makes me laugh once again.
Hell yeah! Thanks for including my recommendation!
0:24,How i now dance at parties.
Ok bear with me,\nCuban Pete\nLink: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJej6kCgxVM
I have a question. Who would win in a Fight, Me or Pennywise?
this part was bad becasue of the fnaf song
pennywise is on the rise to jake paul 2:06
Smoke weed killed me. Thank you for this. Also maybe Seven Deadly Sins by Floggin Molly? Iron Man, Crazy Train, Under Pressure
Please put put a penny wise dancing to Hispanic music
I love how eventually it looks like Pennywise just wants to show Beverly his favorite dance music XD
Dude you can't resist to the beats of of one of the old songs
JESUS HOW MANY OF THESE ARE THERE? THIS BRINGS AN ENTIRE NEW MEANING TO 'MILKING IT'.
Pennywise dancing to White is Right by Filthy Frank.
Watch Out For My Body Rolls and The Pedobear song got me good xd quality content EXCEPT its better
Puddi puddi, puddi puddi, she cook a dead guy we are puddi!
And take on me
WOW. Allready prt.15 and the movie came out a few days ago.
I DIED AT THE LAST ONE OMFG
How about Saria's  song from The Legend of Zelda.
Maybe I've missed it, but...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS EVERYBODY*
0:00 I see he's really been digging into Deadpool's music collection.\n0:18 It just revealed the one way to be immune to It's power!\n0:55 What a great place to start the audio.\n1:30 OH GODS, WHY?!
Thank you for the FNAF song :3
Why pennywise isn't dancing never gonna give you up?
*When i first saw this today i laughed so hard at him laughing XD*
Enter Sandman, All The Small Things, Sweet Child O' Mine, Rap God (Fast Part)
did you use this song yet?\n\nhttp://gopnit.ytmnd.com/
Where's the Mortal Kombat theme though?
This is hilarious omg 😂 can you make him dance to the song Topsy Turvey from the Disney hunchback of Notre dame please?
U should do Pennywise dancing to the Star theme from Mario with a rainbow effect on the screen
The thumbnail jeezus thats to funny lol! Nice music choice for him to dance to though lol\nEdit: i love the music for the first one we like to party fits him so perfectly
REESE'S PUFFS PLEASE!!!!!
Anaconda
Mask Offffff
0:25 😂
Smoke weed everyday!  lol
2:31 kiddiewise
or second verse
WII MUSIC
1:49 no
Do macarina
Bro your a legend
BODY ROLLS
Freddy's
Do my neck my back
🎈🎈🎈🎈
Dang Penny-wise smoke weed every day
ice ice baby
FNAF... I LOVE YOU
Put 24 karot magic
Lol
Bro 1:40 had me dead af xD
Penny's a stoner
1:49 five nights at penywise's
F$;& love xxxtenction
Pumped up kicks?
Bit overdone now
Sync the vid to the rythm
Put The ting goes Skra pop pop pop  freestyle over Pennyworth dancing
masterpiece
redbone please
STILL DRE
rick and morty get schwifty
John cena theme tune ?
Oh my god. Stop
Feel good Inc Gorillaz
ROB ZOMBIE Dragula!!!
Deep throat cupcake
99 luftbaloons anyone?
Do either Bleed or Demiurge by Meshuggah
GANGNAM STYLE
Please do one with El pasito perrón.
1:35 noooooo but yes it's funny but nooo lol
TERRY FOLDS BY CHAOS CHAOS FT. JUSTIN ROILAND PLEASE THANKS
Falcon punch by pink guy pls!!!!!!
Do cruel angel thesis!
Do benny hill theme song
Pumped up kicks!!!
99 luftbaloons
Tupac created the book.\nBiggie edited it.\nEminem finished it.\nLil Wayne couldn't read it. \nRick Ross ate some pages.\n21 Savage shot it.\nLil Uzi Vert laughed at it.\nLil yachty didn't understand it.\nSoulja Boy wanted to fight it.\nIggy lost it.\nKendrick Lamar made another.\nJ Cole copied it.\nDrake cried to it.\nWiz tried to smoke it.?
Banger 🔥🔥
God Tiller
good
this is gonna be very big soon, just wait
yaaaaas been waiting for this ❤
He looks like a young fab. So beautiful.
Its got a dope flow to it I cant deny!!!
👑💪❤. 🇧🇷
Bless
Totally better than bad n boujie shit
💘🌙
https://soundcloud.com/curly_clamar/past-guys-1
cried my last teardrop awww bry :( he got completely numbed..
baby😚💍🤞🏾.
💕💕💕
FINALLLYY😍😍 Its a bangerr🈶
WAAAAYYVVYYYY🌊🌊
Amzing n OMG MIKALAH IS SO GORGEOUS
He gives me jcole vibes #downtoearth
This is my songgggggg
youtube needa fix they shit IM 6 DAYS LATE WHAT THA FUHK
fine baby 😩♥️
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=n1rVuXq2XPo
My ex ringtone
Give me your last name and I'll give you my soul 😍
I made out with the main girl in here sophomore year in high school no lie 😂😂so proud and so sad it went no further lmao. Thank you Mikayla! You made it
Can we all just just 2 seconds..just to thank God for Bryson. Lawdness😍😍😍😩
Anybody know what brand that white jacket is?
if you want to Make a cover, you have a free instrumental of Bryson Tiller - Run me dry IN MY CHANNEL 🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥
Y'all sleeping on this song all of a sudden this going viral I hate that I loved this song since before it came viral 😂👌🏾
I like that PuertoRican rythem there my boy good shit
This is soo epic !\nPerfection right here ..
Official Heat From Team Ruthless This Shit Is Fire.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyyz7ZgwUKg&t=206s
I Can imagine a nice long ass joint video with Rain on me then it continues to no longer friends and then don't get too high 👌🏾 would be so dope. I should direct it 😂
First time seeing this nigga without a dad hat on lol
here before 100 mil las calling it now
isn't this the same room justin bieber filmed is it to late now to say sorry?
My Favorite Song On His Album
real music to my earss😩😭
We just not gonna talk about how crispy this nigga lineup and fade was in this video 🔥🔥 this a banger too
Young Tiller thou..he's just too fine and this jam is on another level# its on fire
THIS IS MY JAMMMMMMM FAM🔥🔥😍😍 he never disappoints
Great beat but need new lyrics try agian hopefully someone else can use tge beat like dmx or shakira
Baeeee did it again I love you 🙈
Addicted for This Song!
0:08 i always think that's my phone notification
Subscribe.-no hw for lifetime. \nLike-no hw for a week.\nReply-no hw for a day.\nIgnore-hw everyday.
Tiller back at it again with the baddest video girls.
I think I like Bryson better then Jason
Bryson tiller is my maaaaannnnnnsssssss 🤤🤤🤤🤤😍😍😍😍😍🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤💍💍💍💍💍💍🔥🔥🔥🔥💦💦💦💦💦💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘
Headphone gang wya
ayeee bryson babyy
Winning!!!
This sounds like fucking Reggaeton XD
He's so 🤤🤤
Great song, boring video.
Soooo beautifullll
I want him to remix this with some features. that would be dope
LIL UZI VERT1, BRYSON TYLLER2, MIGOS3, but now that i think about it i might make Bryson Tiller #1🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Check me out x freestyle / take control
one of the best songs on the album
Listen to my new music and tell me what you think !! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quEdmTLVZHo&t=11s
I love this song!!!!!
I'm a simple human being, I see Bryson... I click
When you make music everyone can feel and relate you'll always win. This track is 🔥🔥🔥🔥
He posted this on my birthday❤️ best birthday gift!
I want a video for set it off soooooo bad!!!!!!
yesssssssssss...tf I actual click ten times on this...
I got love for es nigga for putting my city on but all this mfs music sounds the same. And if it don't sound the same most of the shit be the same fucking relationship bullshit
yea I'm feeling this even more than before.
This is really good cause it has beat.together and everything
This that feel good vibe
Why this shit not big yet ?!?!
Best Song to end the summer with 💯
Waiting...Over.... Uploaded..Done.\nWatch Now My #Dance_Video\n'Phir Mohabbat' Dance Cover By #Alex_Bunty\nPls pls #Like 👍\n#Share📲📲\nAnd #Subsribe for More Videos\nhttps://youtu.be/n4XXrzPG5KY
It's my birthday can I get 11 likes please?
This Chune Right Here Though Is So Fucking Dope... ❤️❤️❤️
wowwww first time he isn't wearing a hat in a video
what is the mark of his jacket 1:10 ?
Been dancing this song  in my sleep...like how do you get sleepless night over a song 😙😙😙😙💋
this guy rlly loves takin about girl huh
💗😋😍😍😍
Run Me Dry
Fuckkk meeeee
Curve bitches on whatsapp for you!
Great song
This beat is so simple yet so fkn dope https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGMmU8ntvEo
Am i the only one who likes when he says Swing it around???😂😂😍😍
My fav song of the album!!! He knew!! 😭😭😭
What a song. On repeat. \nBryson ft Drake would be  dope collab.
LYRICS \n\nI think she love me, 'cause I got the check on me\nWan' spend the day and flex on me\nPut a curse and hex on me\nScratch out my name, put the X on me\nYou should come check on me\nTalk dirty and caress on me\nFuck it, might as well get undressed for me\nLove how you get that pussy wet for me\nPut a lot of stress on me\nYou used to obsess for me\nCall the station and request for me\nYou done went and got a big head on me\nYou're running me dry\nOh girl, you're running me dry\nCried my last tear drop\nSaw bad when I told her bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down, I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nOh, you tryna roll\nLet's go, let's go, yeah\nOh, you're the reason I even\nSaw bad when I told her bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nAy, ay, ay, ay\nUsed to break my neck for you\nSpend my paycheck on you\nPut my account in the red for you\nDamn near put myself in debt for you\nYou made me obsessed for you\nThought I had the same effect on you\nCouldn't see I was the best for you\nNow you gotta figure out what's next for you\nNow you feel regret, oh do you?\nBaby, I could care less for you\nTrust, I'm not even sweating you\nYou ran me dry, better yet it's still you\nOut of respect for you\nI curved bitches on the internet for you\nI, lost all respect for you\nBaby, it's my turn to flex on you\nYou're running me dry\nOh girl, you're running me dry\nCried my last tear drop\nSaw bad when I told 'em bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down, I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nOh, you tryna roll\nLet's go, let's go\nOh, you're the reason I even\nSaw bad when I told her bring it here\nDrop down, pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go\nDrop that, down I'ma pick it up up up\nSwing it around, I'ma go go go, no no no\nLet's go, let's go, go, go
Is this the First Music Video from True To Self? At least he aint Drake with no Video at all
Y'all should listen to witt lowry killer rap skills
One of the G.O.A.T's
fucking finalyyyyyyyy
ppl actually listen to this :c
i get lost between Bryson tiller and Torey Lanez . i was like wait who is who 😭 but then i remember Torey lanez is Bald like Neyo  .
BRUHHHHHHH \nTHIS IS LIT😱🔥🔥\nLOVE ITTT
this beat makes me wanna dance and i don't dance
YOUR BACKGROUND IS EVERYTHING!!😩🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
Keep the adidas pants! I love the way you styled it, I would never have though to wear a leather jacket let alone heels with them! Great idea!
Careful with the foundation when you wear the white denim jackets coz i got mine all covered in make up the first time i wore it!! :.(
Loving the background aesthetic in this video Sammi! Both the main shot and the cutaways xx
I was looking at your top wondering how it looked so much like the one I picked up at H&M and then you mentioned you got it from there! I was so excited that we had picked the same thing!
GIRLLL U LOOK SO GOOD HERE!! your skin is glowing and looking healthy!!
Fast fashion creates so much waste and affects the environment in such a negative way. I been a loyal viewer but I would like if you tried shopping In more eco friendly and conscious websites. \nFast fashion is destroying out world.
Liking the new outlook of the recent videos!! Go ahead!:-)
You look beautiful as always 😍
I love how you always try something new Sammi, you always give me some inspiration and not to stick to my comfort zone! Also, your hair looks incred! I absoluuuuutely love it! xxx
Can you tell me where you got your mirror from? I love the way you styled your office! Thank you :)
Yaaasss! Sammi! Amazing looks! You're the queen of fall winter fashion.
That red dress tho. And the styling was unexpected and amazing!
First pair of pants 😍😍😍 and you should keep the adidas pants and the denim skirt, both fit you very well.
Your style is incredible ♡
sees a haul, sets credit card next to computer haha
loved the video Sam :) Do you happen to know what kind of plant is on your desk? I love it so much!
I'd say return the adidas trousers xxx
Autumn/ Winter trends video......YES!  I would keep the Adidas pants! They look awesome!
absolutely keep the addidas pants that outfir you showed was a ten!
The black denim skirt looked gorgeous on you!!
Sam I love your style!🙌🏼
Sammy,  if you're not sure about the Addidas joggers then check out these trousers from Pull & Bear. It's got Addidas kinda vibe, but really smart and casual at the same time. It's only £19.99, I have been wearing it legit every day since I got them. Loved it so much that I bought it in diff colors. Here's the link https://www.pullandbear.com/gb/woman/clothing/trousers/tailored-jogging-trousers-with-side-stripe-c29021p500356645.html#800
Keep the Adidas ones and return the & Other Stories pair. I really wish you would've shown the chain on your bag. Maybe include that in another video or an Instagram post if possible. Always love your styling videos.
I agree on Realisation Par.  That site is like crack in dress form.
keep the adidas pants! and YES to an autumn trend video! also- love when you show us your shopping process- what you pick up, try on, say no to, etc!
Love to new filming space 😍
I really want that dungaree dress but I can't find it :(
I would love to see a autumn/winter how to video! you're so inspiring and I feel like I can relate with your style!
your style keeps getting better and better!! Loved the skirt dungarees!
Love these new pieces! Can't wait to see a 'how to wear' video :) \nYour videos always brighten my day - do keep them up! x
I desperately need the A/W trends video, haha ♥
Also agree with people complaining about the wrinkled shirt...yikes....
please do a autumn/winter how to wear vid, it would be so helpful!!!
I like the add addidas ones so much on you! I think take the other ones back! X
your style is absolutely stunning. You're totally top three of my favourite bloggers when It comes to style. I love you so much
Love your style sam !! \nMay I ask where the white chunky heels are from please ?!
Canne believe this shite trends  nowadays when back in the day a dog humping a fat burd was the video to be seen......how the bar has fallen
Some of my favorite videos from you Sammy ❤️
Lol why was this recommended?
You say 'Adidas' so differently lol. Here in Canada, we say A-Dee-Das
I cannot wait for your winter vlogs in London. Specially Christmas /festive season! Yass
Anyone know where she got her leggings?
I probably wouldn't keep the adidas trousers since you already got the other ones!!
What size did you get the adidas joggers in? I'm usually the same as you but everyones saying they come up small ahhh
I adore hearing you talk about clothing, it's so soothing in a way
Keep the Adidas! You have a great taste when it comes to fashion /styling <3 Kisses from Greece!
Love your Videos and also your Vlogs!!! ❤️❤️❤️ and Yes yes yes autumn/winter trends how to style \nGreetings from Germany 🙂
I've been looking for nice vinyl pants like yours but I couldn't finde any I liked... could you tell me you you got yours from?\n\nBtw love the contrast and the adidas look ;)
Why does Youtube promote your channel so heavily?
Keep Adidas pants! They both are cute💅🏾
Autumn/winter fashion is definitely my favorite too! The colors and layers loooove it so much :) Loove your fashion sense I always get a lot of inspiration from it xx
i've not seen dungarees lately at all
Can you do a haul of clothes cheaper but still a good style like yours like classy vintage?
Omg keep the adidas bottoms!! That outfit is 💣 xxx
keep the adidas! suits you way better!
also, this is one of my fav hauls you've done! and i've been watching since the  very beginning :)
where are your black leggins from :O they look awesome on you!
Thanks for the video Sam. I liked everything you picked. The only piece that I thought was a bit iffy. It's the red polka dot dress. I would be very incomplete wearing it with that very high wrap in front looks like you could have a wardrobe malfunction at any second. I would even be uncomfortable if I saw someone else wearing it bc you just know her pants will get flashed. I especially loved the jumpsuit and the stripped trousers. 🙂
Sometimes in your hauls you pull a clothing piece out and I'm thinking, idk about that item. But then you show a snippet of the item styled and I'm like, ok, yeah that looks awesome. And it always looks so good on you. You are really good at styling. And you make me want to buy pieces I would never buy. Haha. Anyways, what I'm trying to say is, I really love your styling videos and your hauls so keep 'em comin'.
That red polka dot dress is stunning😍😍😍😍
Love you gorgeous girl! ❤️ Your sense of style is spot on!
I can't even tell you how much I love you with curly hair!!!!! It looks so great on you, and that Realization Par dupe is so spot on 👀
YAAS, do that trends-video please!😍 can you do more lookbooks as well? I miss them🙂
I love the black denim skirt. Looks SUPERB on you. I also LOVE the blouse you are wearing. It's crazy to me how much H&M have stepped up their game as of late. Just a year ago there was NOTHING I wanted to buy from them. 
I really like the Adidas bottoms over the AOS stories ones, however you'll prob get more wear out of those ones as the joggers look beat with heels.. & who wears heels that often (not this mama anyway lol)
I love how you make trends completely 'yours'. Everything looks completely different on you, in the best way possible. I love and admire that! :)xX
I love your fashion videos so much aand how u always share your honest thoughts on pieces. Please make more autumn/winter videos. I moved from Greece to Sweden and i'm really not used to dressing for this weather, so some advice on how not to look like a potato bag would be much appreciated! Looking great as always Sammi xX
Sam I'm more of a midi skirts and dresses kinda wearer, if that's a word 😂 and I'm wondering you could do a video of how to style skirts and dresses. I know it's not a common thing, especially living in LA, but it's very hard to find a flattering way to style them. Please consider 😁
Hi Sam <3 i totally imagine you wearing that red boohoo dress with some tights and some thigh highs just in case it got colder.
I love your style! Now I want to go shopping :)
Kinda random but I love your arm chair in your try on shots. WHere is it from????
Yes please give us autumn 🍂 winter ❄️ trends.
the adidas pants looked amazing on you! Kinda liked them more than the other! :)
Always giving out the best haul ever
Literally liked this video 5 seconds in because I know your vids are always fabuloussssss! LOOL xxx
I love it when you have curly hair! I also love it when you have curly hair with some curly bangs! so pretty <3
Why don't you keep the adidas pants to wear casually like when youre going to run errands or walking your dog or something...i always thought those adidas pants were for days when you want to be casual but cool.
I'm not one for trends but I love athleisure. I've been obsessed with an entire Nike, Adidas, etc. outfit with trainers. I feel stylish but super comfy at the same time.
Keep both pants sammi! Love your videos💕💕💕
100% keep the adidas pants!
Keep dem Adidas pants...and the &OtherStories ones
Sammi, for me You are IT GIRL
adidas pants is a keeper
You're soooo beautiful ❤
Those &otherstories contrast pants are gorgeous!
Keep the Adidas trousers!!!!!!
KEEP!!!
yeees, the trends video would be awesome! ;)
Great picks!
Too cute.
Keep the Adidas
keep the Adidas bottom.
Keep the adidas!!!!! They look gorgeous:)))
KEEP THOSE ADIDAS PANTS!! 😍😍
FILM TUBE 💋💋💋
definitely want the trend Vedio!!
Keep the Adidas so cute.
Deffo keep the joggers! X
sammi loves polka dots since forever. so classic
Steve - Respect. Hope in that insane society we live have the wisdom to keep myself healthy & in shape like you did.
The chest cam looks really good!
Brutal stage! I was absolutely knackered last time I rode the black, blowing out my arse haha. 😂
Damn Steve has some good lines
Sick trail🤘
Oi Steve 👌
awesome👏👌
that's going to be a quagmire if you are near the end of the que
Damn Cathro, nice preview.  I feel like you filled the time really well man, only thing I didn't like was you worrying about what you were talking about cus it was solid.
What's the best way to get sponsored or interest from a company?
Steves dam quick how the hell do you manage to speak that blacks sick satchet of carp lol wtf
Cool vid Ben. Fun to watch and makes me want to go back to Laggan. :-)
Dropper cable lose on the bars?
WHAT IF a Filter is not a perfectly mathematical object and it interferes with some light and redirects it?!?!?!?!?!?
Its about the orientation of the filters at specific degrees. What I mean is that Filter A is the light source for Filter B. And Filter B is the light source for Filter C. Filter B and Filter C have no idea that  light is coming through another filter. If you were to rotate Filter C 90° to Filter B, it would block all light coming from Filter B just as it did when you turned Filter B 90° to Filter A. Everytime photons pass through a filter, they re-orient themselves. It's not about the math not adding up, it's about the photon orientation once it passes through a filter.
Too much quantum for me . My Brain has melted.
For those who think this video only overcomplicates the problem: The point is not to explain the phenomenon of light polarization itself, but to introduce the Bell's theorem by the example of light polarization. It is indeed much easier to understand polarizers using classical wave mechanics. However, in the early 20th century, undeniable evidences that light consists of particles were discovered (black body radiation, Einstein's photoelectric effect etc.) and later that even every particles are capable of wavelike phenomena. Quantum mechanics try to resolve this apparent contradiction by applying the mathmatics of wave mechanics and saying there are superpositions of quantum states and their measurements are probabilistic. This is very hard to accept in the macroscopic view and that's why Schroedinger's cat is so popular and some geniuses like Einstein tried to preserve the deterministic view of nature, e.g. using a hidden variable theory. What the Bell's theorem tries to say is that quatum mechanics isn't insufficient to study these hidden variables, but both concepts are mutually exclusive.
I imagine it somehow has to be related to spin...
...congrats on cover a topic not covered by Michael Stevens already...
And one more thing seeing as I'm being a bit of a grammar fairy the T in often is silent! I know i know I'm truely sorry lol
Seems like light is being redirected, or glancing off of filters. Neat stuff.
I'm not a scientist by any stretch, and I won't even try to claim understanding of quantum mechanics or theory, but I seem to recall that you can cancel out waves with an inverted wave of the same frequency. What if instead of blocking the light, the filter inverts the wave to where it cancels out, either in part or whole, another photon's wave? I would think that if this were the case, adding another filter between a and c would cause a reduction in cancelled photon waves, allowing more light to be seen as it passes through.\n\nLike I said, I'm not a scientist, and may be way off course in this idea, but I thought I'd put it out there and see what others think.
So if I made a box with two 90 degree out of phase filter windows on opposite sides, a cat could sit  in there staring out but from the outside you can't see shit?\n\nAlso the inside of the box is painted black and it is a black cat.
Isn't this assuming entangled photons are exactly the same? From 9:10 on could use its own video.
I think I just watched a video which I did not understand. Though am fairly sure they were talking English.
Any one else stuck on an ad Even after 3 days of waiting?
Didn't they do something with this on one of the Apollo missions with reflectors and lasers? Also why insist on constrained lines, what if a particle is rotating as it passes through the diff. filters so that it could be blocked at a different angles. (turbulent particles?)
How does the entangled experiment work with triplets? It seems like it would better illustrate the actual first experiment.
CAN SOMEONE GIVE ME THE SHORT VERSION OF WHY MORE LIGHT COMES OUT IN THE THIRD ONE. Im too tired for the philosophical reasoning and analysis of this. Just tell me the damn magic trick so i can fuck with peoples minds
It's not that hard to believe about why this happens. A at angle x let's 100 precent of that light through its filter. When you put the an alternate angle in at 45 degrees then it subtracts the 50 precent of the light that the original angle x outputs. Now when you put in the 22.5 degrees it becomes 18 precent less relative to angle x. The reason that the 45 no longer outputs the 50 precent less is because when you do the same 22.5 split from origin angle x you then create another origin angle of light with that 22.5 degree plate from origin x. Let's call it x2. So relative to the 45 degree angle from x it blocks out the 50%, however relative to the newly added x2 the screen is only another 22.5 this outputting the same minus 18% that the first one output. It seems like this is a spot where relativity of the screen location vs wavelength comes into play more than anything quantum. But it's just my theory
seems that the problem is thinking about the intersecting sets in 2D or 3D. In higher dimensions, what seems improbable or non-intuitive actually makes real sense. Basically, our universe is not three dimensional... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwAD6dRSVyI
It could be a filtration system like when dirty water through charcoal, sand, and rocks. the three together gives filters water but only two will dirty the water and only one would slightly clean or dirty the water worse
You are currently explaining the venn for the third time... I'm gone.
Look at it like rounding up and down. If you are in a 1 to 10 scale 1 Would be none and all would be ten. Makes perfect sense
Well I need to feel smart so here is my comment. Denominator of the numerator of the operator of the quantum entanglement of the engine quantifiable nuclear power Reservoir surely lead to the galactical of astronomical philosophical Optical reins of the proton and neutron and electron the nucleus and the nucleoli of the object in motion in motion outside of motion Force applied slows down and that's my theory
So I might just be like pissing in the wind here but, do the filters maybe change the orientation of the photons wave pattern making them more susceptible to be blocked by certain kinds of filters or being allowed through.. Just a thought.
The solution for this enigma lies with the assumption that there is a particle.  There is no physical evidence to support a particle theory here.  Light is merely a field perturbation consisting of waves.  Refer to the double slit experiment and you will see why the numbers are off.  The waves conform to a degree with the microscopic slits in the polarizing material.  Upon exiting the slits, the waves are slightly skewed and the orientation will spread to a certain degree.  This spreading gives rise to validate the actual numbers tested.  Consider also, If you have an ordinary glass and a polarizing filter. The glass will allow all orientations of waves, while the polarizing filter reduces brightness at a rate inconsistent with any particle model.  Please consider that when a particle is slowed down, it does not cease to exist, however, waves in a field will lose amplitutde and disappear completely if stopped.
got an ad for trevor noah and just got to say hes such a dick head all those writers to make good jokes for him and they still suck
I couldn't watch the whole video because it's so dense,  but I wonder , is there a point to it? Why should I care what the light photons do? Is it going to improve anybody's life? Why I'm I even wasting my time commenting on It?
8:58 ekspearmint Come on, man, it's not gum, it's an experiment.
The presentation sucks, should have a high school science club do the video.
I am learning pre algebra 2 and not a single word didn't pass through my mind... I guess that's a 0% chance of passing lol
Before you go off all half cocked about quantum effects, consider a simpler explanation.  Has anyone determined if the angle  of the light waves changes when they go through a  filter?\n   .
I may have missed this in the video but in my experience with light (at least in the visible spectrum) photons are absorbed by a material and usually converted to heat or reflected, if there is a change in the number of photons at the other side. This would lead me to believe that there is a way to measure possibly the heat of the filters witch may indicate some sort of harmonic reflection of light that could be perceived by the observer as an increase in photons when it really isn't. If I remember correctly mirrors absorb and emit photons and that it's just called a reflection and perhaps polarizing filters have this ability to absorb and emit photons in certain arrangements. Somehow the conservation of matter and energy should prove useful in an experiment such as this.
I tried to come up with a witty remark but physics honestly does not lend itself to witty. I think I understood the first 2 minutes then after that my mind (what there is of it) overloaded and a short circuit ensued. I must admit if I could understand the physics it would be an interesting discussion but I did physics for 1 year and was told that I have a very poor grasp of the concepts.
Cool, Reminds me of year 5 at school, 30 years ago :D
Not done watching video yet, doesn't light bend? If 45 degrees blocks 50% maybe it doesn't allow any light to bend but at 22.5% allows light to bend. Is this false thinking? Aren't photons light particles?
What if the light interacts right in the point where the first filter is making it bounce twice. Wouldn't that make it appear as if it's brighter. ?
A photon has momentum, as it does have mass. Shoot a bullet dead on a steel plate and it can be stopped dead, shoot the same bullet so it hits at an angle and it will deflect off and continue on a different angle. \nImagine 3 plates.\nBullet hits plate 1 at 45 degrees and deflects off at 45 degrees into plate 2 that is also a 45 degrees to plate one deflection causing the bullet to deflect into plate 3 which it hits at 45 degrees.\n\nIf you remove the middle trap the bullet hits plate 3 at 90 degrees and is stopped cold.\n100% more bullets pass though the filter when you use 3 filters then if you just used 2.\n\nDue to a photons small momentum, its simply conservation of momentum for it to deflect slightly to fit the polarization then it is to be blocked completely. Yet a point is reached where it takes more energy then it has momentum and so its stopped. By adding smaller angles by a third polarization filter you have increased the number of photons that will deflect rather then be blocked cold.\n\nNothing magical or unexplainable about it, the entanglement tests do not contradict this outcome either they support it.
Do you think it is possible that some waves at certain angles are able to rearrange to match the next filter? Light has a tendency to bend (i.e. Snells Law) through substances with different refractive indicies, it could be that the waves themselves can be bent in the direction of their vibration when passing through a filter. Therefore, no matter how many filters are used in the experiment, if the last two filters through which light passes are oriented at 90° of one another, no light would pass through. Just an amateur's theory.
So if the filter less than 45 is changing the angle of the wave so that the wave is no longer 90 off from the first filter.  Will the same effect happen if you have it past 120
All the while I was watching this I was thinking The answer is with the lens Maths is useful but  I like to reason on a what I see basis.
I know completely what you were saying, but found myself wondering how many viewers might get lost if for the terminology.  Short of doing it mathematically, I wonder if the notion might not be more clearly explained in its historical context, from the debates about spooky action at a distance to Bell, to Alain Aspect in '82, to the three 2015 experiments, to the Rosenfeld and the Handsteiner experiments earlier this year.  Of course, that'd be an even longer video.\n\nI'd like to see a video on the status of nonlocal hidden variable interpretations of quantum mechanics, even what current views are on non-local hidden variable interpretations. (Most famously, would be the de Broglie–Bohm interpretation, which always fascinated me because I learned quantum mechanics under the assumption of it being fundamentally probabilistic, yet this one interpretation is deterministic instead.  I don't feel like de Broglie–Bohm is correct, but my gut feeling means very little.)
does the length of the wave not matter? i.e was the light source moved closer / further away during experiments?
Could you use these filters lined up a certain way to make solar cell work better?
Has this been tested agains the possibility that some filtering effects might be outside visible light but not outside all light spectrum so that the math would add up if other parts of the spectrum were included?
By adding filter B, aren't you slowing down a wave (like light through a prism)... so doesn't it make sense that by the time it reaches filter C, it's slower than it would be than without filter B, thus meaning the set of photons that reach C are different in the two cases?
So ... I'm unable to break through two brick walls, but if a third brick wall were built in between, I would glide through like a knife through butter?\n\nDon't try this at home :D
You must have left something out of the video. Then there is the assumption that the photons are blocked. Perhaps it would be better to say that some are slowed? They would not be slowed by the 2nd and 3rd filters due to the orientation. And with a constant light source could be pushed through by the bombardment of the flow of protons. Also, you are using glass, and even with polarization, wouldn't there be refraction? If this is the case, the first protons through would follow the static formula that was presented, while what we see is the constant flow that could work differently.
This doesn't really seem that paradoxical to me: If you try to smoosh light through a hard 90 degree angle, it gets blocked.  But if you take it through one or more intermediate angles first then the light can twist round.\n\nWhat would happen if you passed light through a whole bunch of filters making up a full 360 degrees?  Would more light pass through than just two filters at 90 degrees?
Has anyone ever attempted to map the crossing using spheres instead of circles?  There might be a limitation to 2-dimensional representation of the information
You guys are an inspiration .
Doesn't the Delayed Choice Experiment imply that entangled particles can affect each other across both space AND time? How do the results of that experiment fall in with this video?
Could this Venn diagram be properly represented in three dimensions using spheres instead of circles? I guess that wouldn't be called a Venn diagram anymore, but using that concept.
Good effort. Couldn't follow it.
Modern science is so set in its assumptions that opportunities for real scientific progress just create extra levels of theoretical complexity instead of new simple insights. New simple insights are dismissed where they threaten entrenched academic dogma.
This video is so fascinating! I love the longer ones.
Not too sure about the tinkly piano music.  Kinda distracting, when I needed all my attention to follow the video...
The universe is fucking around with us now. It's like, ok, you guys are getting too deep here. We didn't expect you to be looking into things so far.
I understood the first 30 seconds of this video.
What if a filter actually consists of electrons as well and these electrons change the electrons that pass through the filter?\n\nO_O\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAAlDoAtV7Y
Well, it's easier to explain than they are doing. Consider the photons as quantum objects. As quantum objects, all of their measured states have probabilities attached to them as we know from Schrodinger's wave function.  Next, we consider the polarization of the wave while keeping in mind the wave function phenomena. There is only a probability that the wave is propagating in the direction it is; granted, the probability is extremely high, but still. In addition, the angle is an average. By adding the numerous filters with subtler and subtler changes, you slowly change the probability of the wave propagating at the desired angle.
Just found minutephysics.. ;-)  Like the videos, so many intriguing questions in physics....
Ahem... statistics 101: once a sample has been taken there is no probability. That is, once you verify that the cat is alive (100%) there is zero probability that it is dead and probability calculations no longer apply.
What if the Venn diagram is wrong,  what if it's a 3D diagram and the over lapping part is just getting simplified
So there is no hidden variable. Great, it must be staring you in the face! Go for it!
Must...kill...Lincoln...
Huh
Quantum tunneling right?
Cos(45)^2 = 0.5
String theory. Nuff said
Ether
17 minute physics\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJust kidding, good video
What do other light spectrum do when they interact with the filters like infrared or x-ray? I feel the light was already passing through it. It simply slowed down and became visible to us. In other words refraction.
it's common sense\nA few of your explanations in the beginning are very wrong\npolarization doesn't end at being blocked\nyou're traveling through a physical medium which doesn't have to block or reflect that energy because if it did so you would get a significant heating\nThe photons as they travel can be re-oriented allowing them to pass through because they are traveling between and around a physical medium so 45° and 22.5° are slight alterations of the direction\nwhat this means is you can alter the direction to harmonize it on a different axis\nso if you catch a wave in a specific angle and it's moving like a corkscrew not just up and down instead of saying it's been blocked depending on where in its position that it is it can be for a lack of a better word squeezed or ramped to move through the medium at a slightly altered angle
Seriously?!  I kept wanting to scream while watching this it was so frustrating.  You completely ignored deflection!  It is a proven fact that light is deflected as it passes through a filter.  One easy demonstration is what happens to a laser's light as it passes by a steady stream of water.  What is happening as it passes through a polarizing filter is the photons are deflected ever so slightly so that they are not oriented in the same direction as before so that when it passes through the 2nd filter they are rotated again which in turn allow them to pass through the 3rd that they would not have passed through before being rotated.  All that extra math is just an exercise in futility.
It seems to me that your term Hidden Variable could be replaced with the term Conditional Variable. In mathematics and computer science the use of conditional variables don't contradict each other as in this video. One action doesn't have to have a relation to the next variable. I do find this interesting but I am questioning your terminology and the outcome of the theory.
Something with light absobtion and reflection, cause black absorbes more light then white. It's redirecting the light by an angle, because its a wave it keeps going and doesnt disapear. I think it has something to do with wave length in comparisson with thickness of the glass, it lets through what it supose to block and a little more.
I'm having trouble replicating this experiment at home. I am aiming for an effect like in 0:58.\n\nI managed to score three 55mm polarizing filters for a camera that are all identical (same manufacturer, model, and UPC.) If I use two of them and a computer monitor as the first filter (as it emits polarized light to begin with) everything behaves as described above. There's an angle at which the camera filter in my left hand will block little if any of the monitor light and then rotating it 90 degrees blocks all light from the monitor. Placing the a second filter in my other hand between them, I can let the light through again. But if I attempt this with a natural light source (the sun, a desk lamp, and the much denser retina screen) I find I cannot in any configuration of three filters block all of the light. I can only discolor it.\n\nWhat's more, when I tested with desk lamp light reflecting off a piece of white paper, I was able to block the light, but only by FLIPPING AROUND one of the filters so that it's pointed in a direction opposite to how it would be mounted in a camera. That weirded me out.\n\nI'd really like to use this demonstration to introduce my kids to the idea of quantum physics, but the metaphor of the filter is best maintained if all three filters are the same in their hands. Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong?
Convex/concave, different lenses, too many manipulative variables. HOW by turning a UNIFORM lens on an angle, changes the outcome. Charlatans.
quantum theory is basically just a big it's like that because it is...
This explains why my phone can't be used in landscape mode with sunglasses on. Thanks YouTube!
This channel and others are the best ways for me to learn science thanks
What if you put the middle filter on the end?
The flower of life.
This makes perfect sense,  when u multiple 3.14 x 22.71 minus 0.62 carry the 1 a goat on fire = a toaster fridge is the same as a bird in a bush at high noon on every 2nd Sunday of a lunar eclipse wheneveryou skip  a cat across the lake at precisely the speed of sound... 😊
This is too much d\nFor me ...sorry I'll go now..
Well answer is light bends at corner
Btw, the entanglement stuff is kinda confusing.  Did you mean to put somewhere that the photons from one steam were only going through A&C and the other through A,B,&C and both were coming out the same after C?
this was the FIRST test I made when I bought my SECOND pair of Polaroid glasses...
I think as long as a video is explained well enough, even dumb people could understand no matter how complex the subject is, This was just a little too poorly explained.
Wait, is Local Realism,\nLocality or Realism?
I think I need to take a nap now.
The second filter changes the light polarization or angle so it is able to get through the third filter. I don't care if maths are unable to express this because they are obsessed with their theories.\nThe only paradox I see is the assumption that all science theories about the properties of light are correct and everything not obeying their maths is a paradox leading to exotic matter and parallel dimensions.
Hold on, so if im getting this correctly this video is more proving that either 1) the systems of logic with which we determine concepts like realism and locality are unreliable in quantum scales. or 2) That reality operates contradictory to local realism (either locality or realism or both in some mixed measure). Instead operating along the lines of probabilities and (hence) superposition's of states whose results instead and seemingly illogically conform to bells curve (which is really in this case a cosine).\n\nThere is some synchronicity here. It seems to suggest that the mathematical identity the 'cosine' is quite literally a bell curve stretched through time. Which if it is the case means something pretty unintuitive about reality. That observation is entangled with result for all observed experiments by our consciousness. \n\nIf we stretch this to obscenity it means reality is completely flexible (even ideal in the Berkelian sense). Just 'we' cannot flex it due to being entangled by mere observation. Put existentially, because we are 'burdened with existence' we cannot be 'god' (if god here means to have the ability flexibly manipulate the universe and its conditions).\n\nRather that mere 'existence' precludes godhood due to us being in a different (and entangled) position with laws. If we assume a heirarchy of causalty then there would be a god who exists above us and a god above him ad infinitum unless we break the concept of 'entanglement' and 'hierarchy/order' in causality at the level of god (which basically means contradictions can be observed simultaneously due to atemporality. perhaps even observation is the wrong term since at this stage to 'observe something' would be to make it exist from essentially nothing)\n\nBut in a practical sense it means our observations interact with results according to certain rules which otherwise violate a smooth logical delineation of reality from small to large.\n\nBut philosophically speaking it means we are only 'not god' because we exist entangled via observation with the universe. (whether we are part of the universe or what the term 'we' even encompasses if we include the seemingly immaterial conscience is an open question and a hotly debated one)\n\nNow that i think about it, i have a good question. \n\nIs 'entanglement' a physical operation or a divine one? ie. what are the observed (or inferred) limits of entanglement if it (seemingly) breaks locality and or realism?
If light is four dimensional rather than three dimensional, would that fit the math?
what, like HISTORY?\nor a \nSTORY?\n:^)
2 questions\n1: are you accounting for the possibility of a photon splitting at a filter\n2: why did you use a 2 dimension diagram to ask a 4 dimensional problem?  Shouldnt the diagram itself be more like bubbles laying on top of each other
Isn't the equation at 5:01 wrong? Isn't that supposed to be 15% blocked + 15% of the remaining 85% that passed through filter A?
MY MIND IS *COMPLETELY* BLOWN!!!!
quantum theory is fun to play with but not viable yet to explain this behavior. its more of a philosophy of nature and math.
Magic! G0d dunitt.
Statistical bell curve... Sine Wave!
This doesn't look half bad but has potential
Matt Damon is choosing such small roles these days.
this is fucking wild
Watch a cat start chasing them
Ah yes, the advancement and progressiveness of science creating a physically inferior underclass under the guise of preservation of precious limited resources further strengthened by the false security of the small ones feeling rich. Too bad once you're that small you've essentially signed away your freedom forever, as you are physically helpless from now on. But hey, you have millions of dollars that you can spend... that is, if the big people will allow you to have things. So go to your mini mansion in your little AAA battery powered toy smart car and wait to die so that the giants can inherit the earth. If enough people were this small, the few remaining big ones could do whatever they wanted and eventually quit caring for those little villages, abandoning them and leaving the little ones to fend for themselves against the big bad world. It's natural selection with a little bit of help from science. \n\nOf course the exact process is impossible. But if the majority of the world could be duped into permanently adopting a certain way of life such as this for the greater good, the remaining ones with true freedom would then rule and be able to do whatever they want. That's what is unsettling to me. One day people will begin permanently signing away their freedoms because they believe they're doing some good and they'll find themselves inferior and even worse off than they were before, subject to the rule of those who seized power for themselves and their families when they saw the chance.
This is creepy scary. Ew.
So Christen Wigg doesn't get downsized huh?
More Hollywood STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Paramount Pictures \nA24\nRatpac Entertainment
The Incredible Shrinking Woman - 1981 Lilly Tomlin
(((Super population)))
very clever
It was all good until the ants arrived
But our Yahoo and MSN feeds are all about the most expensive good, the highest paid people and royalty.
Looks like this movie lacks friction. They shrink, everything is better, so what's the problem?
I'm waiting for something messed up to happen. Not like people being stepped on or being hunted by cats or dogs. \n\n\nWhat if there was a malfunction during the shrinking process which results in some of the human body parts are little but some of them are big.\n\nJust imagine..........  it could happen.
Christoph Waltz, I'll be waiting for your another wonderful act.
It should set to W for Wumbo!
damn , imagine getting that small, and having your girlfriend still be the normal size, and suck on her titties , shiiittttt XD
so... what happens when giant pigeons come to your neighbourhood? :D
Please tell me that this is a comedy.
Are they gonna shrink every snake, spider, croc, cockroach etc....., nahh screw that , what a way to die being a frogs dinner...
More hysterical propaganda. \n\nLike all animals, human population is limited by available resources, it doesn't just skyrocket exponentially. The First World is not at risk of overpopulation, we are actually facing under-population due to our declining birth rate (an effect of prosperity among the enlightened, unfortunately). It's exclusively the Third World experiencing rampant population growth, and specifically on the back of Western aid--what do you think will happen once those resources inevitably dry up?
Damn what did you do to me?! Now I wish I could downsize lol
And then their immune systems fail?
I approve of the song choice.
I was smiling the whole time! Wow!
This is the whitest movie for white people ive ever seen.
Release date 22nd Dec?  Why advertise so early?
Dino age is back
We're not facing overpopulation. \nIts the Chinese, India and Africa that are facing overpopulation. China and India can get a free pass to wage war on each other and we cut off foreign aid and introduce the ZIKA virus to Africa.
What if it rains?
OK. Did anyone else think how any downsized person vs insects would be fucked?
My guess: The Truman Show meets The Island meets Nineteen Eighty Four.
Great...now you got to watch out for giant killer ants 🐜 amongst a litany of predators.
I like the creativity they put to bring something new...
Part two of this movie will be war with ants 😂
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
And the whole colony gets eaten by a pack of rats.
I cant wait someone step on them, that would be awesome.
I don't want get caught in the rain when downsized.
Are birds some predators for them now ?
Sideways is my all time favorite movie
So what are we some kind of downsizing?
Bettin it turns out that the the wife is not down 4 downsizing so you can imagine whats going in the double bed. Key word: Speleologist
Matt Damon and Talking Heads Once in a Lifetime  brought me here....\n\n\n\n\nKristen Wiig  isn't  bad either.
this is all cool, until a fucking wasp flies by. no thanks.
The conflict has something to do with him having to go to court, maybe getting a divorce, the one clip is of him signing really large legal papers.
So he downsizes but then his wife doesn't and it is permanent so he now has to explore and find his way through the new world.
Don't even think about it!  I talking to YOU,world governments and secret sec's!   #TheShitStormIsComing
This is such a fucking unique idea I've never seen. Wow!
Right for the people talking about the spiders etc. \nThey have their own environment, safe if you ever took a second to look there's a Big ass land for them. No spiders or any other bullshit. :)
This creeps me out a lot more than it should...
What about cockroaches and spiders and all the other creepy crawlers?  F**k that!!!
Obviously gravity is a big problem when shrunk to this size but of course its just a movie....
The revolutions in surgery!
looks like an interesting idea but makes u wonder who would still wanna continuing working after being Downsized if their money translates to something u can retire on. I'm talking about those movers
Does Antman make a cameo or...?
Plot Twist, the movie is the ant bully but on a full scale.
Make em all small, then wipe em out with boot strikes! We could have more of everything for ourselves!
So the kids born from the downsized individuals would be downsize for the rest of their lives.\n\nThis would end up creating two separate classes of human beings. One the normal ones and the other the downsized ones. \nTensions would arise and then who would win. Are we seeing the start of the bleak apocalyptic movie franchise
Hang on. How can the normal sized people hear the small people. They'd be talking at very high frequencies.
Feel like the trailer showed that Kristin Wiig backs out of it.
and ants got into the mini city and killed everyone. this would be a great horror movie premise
God this movie is wrong in every way...
I think the sex perverts would capture you, then insert you into their anus.
How are they gonna deal with heavy rain or tornadoes?
My wife had me searching for mark wahlbergs new film, she meant this one the stupid cow.
Finally an original idea 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
What if it rains?
wait.. so if they downsize, what will happen to their brain? will their IQ also be downsized, so we will end up with a movie with the combined IQ of a  chimp?
1:52 i have a feeling this conflict is going to be people get drawn in with nice stuff expensive things they wouldnt normally have and then they get fucked over. and its like what are you gonna do, tell em no? youre tiny fam no ones gonna listen to you
My cat would kill them.
What if some insect comes by? Thinking about giant spiders gives me nightmares.
Just go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You'll get the only real working clash of clans working tool in the 2017
So they have the technology to shrink people but not colonize other planets? Little odd
Wait... notice how Kristen Wiig doesn't appear after Matt Damon is shrunk? Maybe she backs out or dies during the downsizing?
Something is not right with this movie I mean it's just too good to be true.
Wouldn't the voices actually sound really high pitched at that size?
It would just take 1 praying mantis to wipe off leisure land.
I can't wait for Cinema Sins with Neil DeGrass Tyson on this...
If you herre that small, you would have died becasue of lack of oxygen and suffer blindness
I don't think the main problem here is bug or animals.It's the people who doesn't shrink.The tiny city is protected by these people and they build a dome to prevent other things to come in.And I doubt that they will make tiny guns.\nSo what if those people don't want to protect them,and try to rule them all?What can you do to fight them?As about 6 inches high,you can't fight them physically,cause to be honest,a normal can just step on you and crush you into nothing.You can't out run them,within one step they will catch up you and you're dead.Even you drive your tiny car,they can just run to you and stomp on the car with you in it and squashed it like a soda can,and you are also dead.\nEven if tiny people has their own tiny military,I can say one normal size marine can take down at least 100 tiny marine.He can just lay down on them and crush them all in to nothing.And your tiny guns won't do any harm to a normal size marine,they can't even penetrate their gear and won't gonna penetrate the sole of boots.\nSo what about heavy weapons?Sure,that would do some damage,but don't forget the normal size people has that too.They can just launch one missile and your whole city is gone.When you shrunk,you are inferior to all the other people who didn't shrink.\nAnd they give you 240 times money that can only be used in that city.The rich or the powerful just don't care these,cause they are already live a great life.But those who don't have a lot money will consider this,it's easier to live in the tiny city than outside.\nSo this movie reveal a new era of slavery and that what I thought about this movie.
Where's Mike TeeVee?
love shrunk
Prequel to The Borrowers
fcking pym particle! getting out of hand...
I bet Ant-Man feels pretty stupid now.....
That's cute 😊😊
downscripting
More horseshit propaganda by the Oligarchs. Enjoy your preprogramming faggots
Good Will Shrinking?
so... the borrowers???
Eagle food
JASON AND KRISTEN???? AND MATT?? AND CHRISTOPH??????? WOW
what ? what? whaaaaattt?
Lol
This is genius
interesting, intriguing, original, will definetelly watch it
ya'll GT/Tiny lovers here, gimme a thumbs up!!!
Nothing more scary in the 70's than an old fridge containing Jimmy Saville and Gary glitter.
1 less VLOG on the trending makes me happy
What happens when the soviets attack and we've smashed all the doors off our Fridges? How will we protect ourselves from the nuclear blast wave?!
I spent the best years of my childhood playing hide n seek in an old fridge....
why the fuck is this trending
I swear they talked about this on a recent Triforce episode?
Don't suppose anyone clicked after being reminded of the Triforce! Podcast?
Why is this on the trending page lmfao
To you, it's just a worn out fridge...\n\nBut to Indiana Jones it's the means to live through the effects of a nuclear bomb.
why the fuck is this trending
My mum knows someone who's child did exactly that and died of suffocation.
Wait a minute, I saw a fridge save Indiana Jones' life from a nuclear bomb  in the kingdom of the Crystal skulls,  and I trust Indy more than I trust the government.
I knew fridges couldn't be trusted. And they all thought I was mad.
Hi, kids. Can you say natural selection?\n\nNo? Well, I'll just leave you alone with this old fridge and we'll see if you make the species stronger or not.
I play with an old fridge everyday and I haven't died yet 👌🏻
All new refrigeration appliances have a magnet which enables the door to be easily opened if someone decides to get inside.\nThis video is just old history.
Is it impossible to open the fridge from the inside? This makes me want to climb inaide one and try it.
Please explain how a video with 35k views gets in trending, YouTube?
Wtf will i use for a castle now
This is serious..i was killed in the 70's by an old fridge.
This campaign must have run deep, I still see white goods dumped, but at least they took the door off
It saved Indiana Jones... yep that happened
My new video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvJb1bVgVRA more retro fun
0:26 OK so now we know how the thousands of missing children over the decades were stuffed in fridges and taken to paedophiles
Maybe they wanted to die, who are we to deny a child the right to death by fridge?
More like killing a child's dreams of killing themselves
In America you eat from the fridge in Soviet Russia fridge eats you
Why does this PIF (Public Information Film) STILL scares the living day lights out of people?.
I've been living with one of these silent killers all my life. Please send help.
At least it would preserve the corpse.
Russian kids would've no problem
Why is this trending? Are fridge deaths on the rise
why is this trending in 2017
Yeh, this would have been much better narrated by pflax as Sean Bean
Now the kids are just eating the entirety of the content in the fridge . .yay obesity . If kids knew they could kill might scare em off a bit
People say this for many things but this is the best example\n\n\nWhy is this trending ?!
This is trending because in a recent episode of Great British Bake Off, one of the presenters (Noel fielding) was locked in a fridge as part of a transition clip I believe, and there were loads of complaints to ofcom about it, as many children have died by getting stuck in old fridges and freezers.
What the fuck
This is trending cos of Noel fecking Fielding isn't it 😅 God damn it Noel, you fridge lurking loon!
Wtf
Kim Jong-Un making this trend?
Why is this 33 on trending though
The triforce podcast
One saved Indiana Jones.
Anyone here from YogPod Triforce?
THANKS EVERYONE!!!
they don't make them like this anymore
This was on TV recently.
Why is this number 14 on trending
This is what YouTube needs more of these old classic British videos
Why is this trending???!? Lol
Old fridges can kill??? Omg didn't know the 70s had sentient fridges. They kept that one hidden... 😱
Why is this trending?
I'm well happy something very British is trending. Pleasant surprise uploader or did you kind of expect it? XD
Who the hell keeps an old fridge at home?
0:13 Boy, that escalated quickly
Chilling
why would i ever go into a fridge?
Indiana jones survived in one
Ok then
I'm assuming this public service announcement is so on the nose and heavy handed because something serious happened...
#42 ON TRENDING\n\nWhat?
Ok. I'll remember
Good!  One less mindless Vlog on trending!
The most British thing ever. FRIDGES ARE THE REAL PROBLEM WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Don't play inside of fridges, noted. Thanks again for this. 
Old fridges can kill!!
why is this trenidng 2011 rly..
The Great British Bake-Off.
It's sad when Google/YouTube promote a 70s ad instead of promoting ads for YouTubers.
The YogPod sent me. Be Warned.
Nowadays the danger of this is invisible because fridges now have magnetic seals instead of locks and they put masking tape over the doors to keep children out.
nuke bomb shield to indaina jones
What a shame! I'm single, on benefits, and I bought a luxury fridge freezer for £2000. It got me into a lot of debt and now I've been evicted. I thought I could live in my fridge as its big enough but I guess not. Oh well, I'll have to shiver on the streets instead.
I remember the BBC broadcasting this child safety film inbetween Jim'll Fix It and Top Of The Tops
Didn't Vox do kind of a similar video about the Mona Lisa, and how it only really became famous after it was stolen? Or am I thinking of another channel?
I never understood the quote.... Mockingbirds are crazy aggressive. When I went to the University of Alabama we'd LITERALLY get dive-bomb attacked by them sometimes. Don't hurt nobody my ass. P.S. I knew Harper Lee, but she was really quiet, so I never asked her about it.
1938, 1944, and 1948 penguins look like they that were ran over  o_O
And yet, many high school (such as me) and middle school students are going to enjoy the next few weeks reading this.
Surely the digitisation of literature is the natural progression of the paperback, in the sense that it takes all the appeal the paperback has/d and takes it to a new level. I'm not convinced the paperback is dead, it has simply evolved.
I had to read it in...8th grade? If I remember correctly? Idk I didn't get why it was so special. I understand the important points of the story and why we should learn them, but it ain't *that* good. There are so many other books with equally as important if not more important lessons to learn and I read them on my own as an adult. I could've used some of those lessons as a child.
I've never read to kill a mockingbird I've seen people read it in school but I never read it or even the blurb
I think it's an excellent and inspiring book. I agree that it's overrated though yes
And all this time I thought it was a cookbook.
Idk what schools you went to but my school reads most of the ones you mentioned plus some
I read Night by Ellie Wiesel in 8th
To be fair, though, it really is a damn good book
Im reading that book in class right now
This ideology shows ignorance of history and great literature. It is part of the new brain dead dilettante set. This kind of endless logical fallacy is becoming the norm in an increasingly imbecile population. This kind of twaddle is therefore to be avoided and decried as lies.
Im reading catcher in a rye right now for the second time but i read it first outide of school
Attributing TKAM's success to only one thing is too simple. Another crucial factor, also related to timing, is that the book became a big hit at just the moment when white liberal America wanted to start telling itself it had overcome racism. TKAM's antiracism message allows white people to put racism into the past, which makes it easier to ignore racism in the present. Why else would schools want kids to read it multiple times, while ignoring so many other great books on the subject -- especially books by people of color -- that would challenge the myth that the civil rights movements finally solved the race problem? Plus the book doesn't challenge white supremacy TOO hard, since the protagonist and hero are both white.
I don't find this overrated, but you know what is overrated, catcher in the rye. Horrible book, it has a good meaning, just the character is seriously horrible.
please talk about star wars!
no el dorado is a statue
I LITERALLY HAVE THIS BOOK IN MY BOOK BAG RIGHT NOOOOOOOWWWW
I do not agree with the video, but this has great content and i look forward to the next episode.
I had to read the Great Gatsby, Lord of the Rings, Great Expectations, Catcher in the Rye, Lolita, Pride and Prejudice, a ton of Shakespeare, the Odyessey, Mythology, along with To Kill a Mockingbird.
im reading this book in school right now
It's my favourite book we studied at school in the UK
To Kill a Mockingbird is liberal media bias and doesn't represent all of us. I'm glad we have Donald Trump as President. He'll fix this!
Calling some of the world's most beloved art overrated? It's a bold move, Cotton. Let's see if it pays off for 'em.
It's because it's one of the few entertaining books you read in English class in almost all schools (Not one of the few good books, entertaining.) the other ones I can think of are The Great Gatsby and Lord of the Flies.
This video left out the civil rights activism. \n1961 saw the Freedom Riders buses traveling south to try to bring challenge the states not enforcing desegregation laws. The supreme court had two major decisions concerning segregation in 60 & 61 that were not being enforced. To Kill A Mockingbird came out just when these conflicts were getting the most national attention, when people wanted to understand the racism this book talked about. Yes paperbacks made it possible for more people to read this book but the civil rights movement was a powerful social change and this book came out with a well told story creating empathy for the movement. This book was a social awakening for many readers.
Now you need to do Guns And Roses
I never read it in California. For my graduating class, when I was in 10th grade, they switched it to the 9th grade curriculum.
Looking forward to the series. But this book will always be my favourite. I learned a lot from it. Most importantly, it taught me to be kind.
So, by the same logic, Huckleberry Finn is overrated too. I read it every year of high school and then again in college as an English major. Give me some dirt on Twain's masterpiece! It's a book I love to hate now.
Yet the most overrated book still is the Bible
Sorry, this is no journalism... Because you read it six times,, as journalist, you shouldn't even imply that it might be 600% better.... sad..
Keeping up with the Kardashians is overrated
Yeah... good points. But To Kill a Mockingbird is AMAZING!!!
But you also have to think about what that book was saying and when it was saying it. Racism was huge back then, this was reality. The book hit home for many people and opened discussion that many would never have had. The book could be used as a talking point, and made great material for educational reading. It is also simpler to read than the boring Shakespeare and long winded novels many schools use, so it's a hit among the kids. It's also just generally a really good coming of age story. I think this video undersells To Kill a Mockingbird and what it meant for people at the time, and to people now.
lol first time ive read that book was last years as a freshmen in hs
While I found this interesting, this video also left me disappointed because of it's unnecessary and lengthy content and because I had no idea what the argument was until it was introduced as the answer. This video took a long time to reach the point and went off on multiple tangents that had some relevancy but could have been explained much quicker and without all the do you recognize this? or side stories. For example, around minute 2, the penguin books company is introduced like a key element of the narrative but is then quickly brushed aside to talk about paper backs and never mentioned again. If To Kill a Mockingbird was published by penguin books, then the video cold have gone back and marked it as a successful time for the company, but instead the book was published by J. B. Lippincot & Co. which received no mention. That part frustrated me as penguin books provided nothing to the narrative or argument of why To Kill a Mockingbird was successful. On top of this, we the audience didn't even know what the argument was until the end. I can understand if the idea is to build up to the answer but when many of the talking points had no reason to be in the video at all, the video lacked focus. We the audience were pointed in many directions without a clear understanding of how it had all fit. If the claim The book became popular, not because of it's content, but because of it's medium, then we the audience could look for context clues and how all the stories relate to the main point. I can always appreciate tangent learning like what was attempted here giving stories beyond just the main topic of the video, but in this instance, it frustrated me more than entertained or educated me. This being said, this is my opinion and meant for constructive criticism to be used by the creator. I love these kinds of videos and really hope to see more come out :)
It's a good book but really over rated, I'm getting tired of reading all these black prejudice books! I get it blacks we're not treated equal back then, I get it it's bad, but it's getting to a point where it's ANNOYING!
Gratuitously quipy but interesting - sorta.
This video doesn't even answer questions that it brings up itself. I'm not a butthurt fan or anything, I'm from Europe, I really enjoyed To kill a mockingbird, but it's not part of our culture at all. This video is just below Vox standards
Also important was Harper Lee's connection with Truman Capote. He used his status as an established writer (having published Breakfast at Tiffany's in 1958) to help initiate Lee into the New York literary scene. Of course, she reciprocated by helping Capote research and edit In Cold Blood in the '60s.\n\nAs for the book itself, To Kill a Mockingbird is a great work of children's literature. But it's too facile to be ranked among the best novels of the 20th century.
do gone with the wind next
Harper Lee died when I was in the 9th grade, my class was in the middle of reading TKMB. We got the news, while we were reading it...
It's really overrated. I thought it was bleh.
i actively do not like this book
Now do a video why my music is underrated!
this ad Is so annoying
stating that a literary classic is overrated while also having a video about how deep a white painting is is plain hypocrisy
I was never required to read this in school. Weird
okay this makes a lot of sence and I love lernig stuff from these vox videos but like I still love this book like a lot
I read where the red fern grows and if I remember correctly, it was and is still one of the saddest things I've ever read
I'm really annoyed this won't stop showing in mt feed i'v already seen it.
Now a book series that I find overrated, even though I like it, is the Harry Potter franchise.
I disagree completely. To Kill a Mockingbird is a great book! This is one of three books I was assigned to read in school, enjoyed reading, and read again later because I wanted to (the other two books were Lord of the Flies and Fahrenheit 451). It has a good story, good morals, and isn't too difficult or too obscene for children to read.
I have never read it
all the white kids in my school have read it like 4 times in 2 years
So, first of all, the premise that To Kill a Mockingbird is 600% better than other books not taught is ridiculous. The number of classes that teach this book doesn't measure its greatness, it measures the consensus of its relevance. It not only did the book tackle the problems of racism and prejudice and the need to stand up against it even in the odds are against you. It foretold the turmoil of the mid to late 1960's when the boomers stood up against war and racism... this made it relevant to its time and most school English classes still consider it more relevant than Oliver Twist.\nSecond, I read The Old Man and the Sea and Invisible Man in high school. My sisters read Little Women. My daughter read Pride and Prejudice. Strangely enough, I did not read To Kill a Mockingbird in school. Does that mean, from my perspective, it is underrated? Additionally, we have all read The Diary of Anne Frank. Would you also say that is overrated?\nThird, your argument that the paperback was responsible for its Pulitzer Prize and endurance does not explain why Naked Came the Stranger has not endured. It doesn't explain why the current generation has (thankfully) never heard of Jacqueline Susann, Harold Robbins and Alistair MacLean.
I tried to read it but... It was boring for the first, like, 20 pages, and that couldn't be a good signal.
Am I the only one who never read To Kill a Mockingbird in school? No? Okay.
The real question is...why the hell are you moving so much.
What are you saying? Just because To Kill a Mockingbird got lucky at the time of its release, that makes it less brilliant? A book can be brilliant and get lucky with the time of its publishing, too. Its luck doesn't make it any less amazing.
One example of when the movie is better than the book, and what's more the movie is more IMPORTANT and groundbreaking than the book. The movie changed American film more than the book changed American literature.
now let's look at catcher in the rye
The book was terrible
Why is this thrown in my suggestions that I can't rid of? It's popped up three times. All I can is report. I've never watched a Vox video is my life. Why is this here? Why won't it go away?
I can't wait for them to do an episode on why Vox is so overrated.
They *should* be killed off in favor of digital copies
marilyn monroe and john green!!!
I'm waiting for a video on Shakespeare and Lord of the flies.
This is like my masters say this book is good and the other is bad,  so let's find the  reason for it. You never really graduated from college. I bet you think Citizen Kane is the best film of all time...
They only literary acceptable novels that I read was The Kite Runner, Their Eyes Were Watching God, and The Poisonwood Bible. I enjoyed those.\n\nI tried reading Tale of Two Cities but omg what a boring read, only got through 3 chapters. I burned it after we were done with it in class.
If you did NOT read any of the other books, than this book is not 600% better, but infenitly better...
Uh. So it's overrated because of paperback version? I thought you had something in regards to the story.
I finally understand what was meant by the mockingbird quote. 4:49
This is random but I am a 25 year old male, turning 26 on November 16th.
Where a red fern grows is one of my favourite book in my childhood. I read my copy so many times that the binding disintegrated ...
I think this book was successful because of the political climate it entered. The early 60s were right in the heat of the civil rights movement and a book that villified white supremacists while presenting the idea of nonracist whites (because I'm sure even a lot of  white people who fought for integration had racial bias). White people could say I'm like Atticus, I'm not racist
this is literally the worst book i've ever read
I've never heard of this book before watching this video.
Rachel Dolezal (Nkechi Amare Diallo) named her child Atticus. Subscribe to my channel if you like politics. I'm going to make more videos.
It's a classic because it tells us something about our world. It is more than just a mere piece of fiction - it was published at a time when the civil rights movement was gaining momentum and exposes the prejudices that occurred in America - written through the eyes of a child the non sensical, ridiculous notion of racism is slammed by Harper Lee. That's why it's a classic. Because it's always the books that mean something which last. Look at pride and prejudice, tess of the d'urbervilles, gatsby, great expectations to name but a few. They've all survived the test of time because they actually comment on societies attitudes. That's why I love literature - not because it's a paper back print!
*sigh* I still haven't found the El Dorado...
Tequila mockingbird
Next up Iphone X.
more overated stuff
no Oliver Twist? seriously?
Why does he keep saying Tequila Mockingbird???
Do a vid on tupac being overrated
Lemon framework educational consideration telescope fiction fine tribe yell.
I love vox
Overrated =/= Bad
Agreed😁😁😁😁😁so BORInG
because it's sjw propaganda
Donald Trump
#overrated Forrest gump
tequila mockingbird
Haneman's Whip
Vox Ruins Everything
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH IT
everything wrong with IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oooo Oooo Oooo I can't wait till my lil pony the movie comes out👏😜
Terrible fucking movie. Glad I didn't waste the time or money to go see this complete and utter travesty.
Just because you can breathe something, doesn't mean you should. Funny and educational
Do dispicible me 3 pls lol I love your videos you just earned another subscriber
How many times does he re-watch the movies?
everything wrong w IT
I know October is coming up, it's Halloween horror season.\n\nIf you could sin Legion (2010) that would be cool of you.\n\nIt's full of cliché and between Tyrese and Lucas Black... Lots of Fast and Furious jokes to be made. \nNot to mention Gabriel's inception horns.\n \nI have cookies here... 🍪 🍪 🍪 🍪  if you do it I will give you one Jeremy.\n\nPlease? 😈\n\n*Edited for proper noun capitalization*
Do Princess Bride you cowards. To be fair, it's pretty close to perfect, so it'd be a short video
and damn you for saying the word geostorm...why is that a thing now?
one more: neutrinos hardly interact with matter at all, you would have to be inside a supernova exploding to receive a lethal dose of neutrinos
So I just watched a video which is a sin video of these sin videos and I'm not going to say any names but fricken crap they missed the whole point of these videos, keep up the good work guys your haters are sad pathetic dweebs and they need you!
I feel like this guy hates every movie
Please do the Netflix Death Note. I want to watch you completely tear apart all the stupid nonsense in it. Even without knowing the anime or manga, there's plenty to hate.
Hahahaha there's a new sin counter after Fate of the Furious!
You know it seems to me from your views that maybe you could write a better movie than all of them?! Lol
The I am your father literally killed me
I thought you only found out Ripley's first name in Aliens...
he forgot the sin where oram just got done saying he doesnt trust david then goes and trusts him enough to stare into a harmless pod
Everything wrong with Lady and the Tramp?
How about... we were just attacked by a 6 inch high crazed alien. Let's all go an wait for it in the 4 foot high wheat
Am I remembering correctly, did the Marine who survived hatch an alien from an acid burned face? I'm trying to keep track in how these things multiply, seems any way that's convenient. \n\nI really didn't like how easily those little aliens could bust through glass and take so many shots. In Aliens they took a few but it felt like they were actually doing damage. I didn't like this film. I rewatched Prometheus which I wasn't too fond of either but I gotta say it grows on you..this one not so much. It's a total misfire on all fronts. The crane scene and bomb seen were well done though.
I can't believe that you didn't even crack one joke on the Fassbender Fassbender kiss scene !
9:42.... Gravity? a lever that drops them all? lol
The first guy to get infected says he's going to take a leak but smokes instead, is this a no smoking planet?  or is he embarrassed about his smoking? ether way it's stupid.
I've got a chestburster in my pants
That's a nice new sin counter you got there, Movie sin
Add a sin for two people slipping in the same blood puddle in the med bay.
Movies secretly watch these sins to make their movies next time better
Why do they have such future like tech when in Alien they had like 70s looking gear?
I'll do the fingering
Sin My Little Pony: The Movie (1986) please
glad to know I'm not the only one who thought that ending plot twist was fucking stupid.
I WANNA SEE EVERYTHING WRONG WITH THE ROAD TO EL DORADO
PLEASE do everything wrong with Nerve
You should do Everything wrong with memento by Christopher Nolan. A great film showing classic post modern traits.
Check my channel out my video's are the shit.
Yo Cinemasins Guy, do the 1990's It film!
Do Back to the Future Part III please!
A huge turd of a movie 💩💩💩
Everything wrong with IT
I have a few movies I want you to do: ratatouille, monster in Paris (you probably don't know what that is), sahara (Netflix original movie)
The ending also, how is it these embryos coming out of Walter fit EXACTLY into the chamber, and are of the correct specifications for the environment in the chamber, even IF the environment were changeable, and why WOULD it be changeable if you have no intention of putting anything in there but humans? Ding!
Do transformers the last knight
Everything wrong with IT
DO EVERYTHING WRONG WITH THE DEATH NOTE MOVIE
I couldn't even watch the whole movie. Didn't keep my interest
Why haven't you guys done Everything Wrong With Fifty Shades Darker? I'm dying to see it.
make one on homecoming, that movie fucking suck. tom holland is awesome but the movie was so bad i wanted to kill my self cuz i was so disappointed
I've been watching Last action Hero. I think you'd have a good time sinning that film. It's a very enjoyable film, classic, terrible, but has at least two rounds of film logos, for a start!
what about a everything wrong with Sharknado 4 ?
Do IT
Spooky
lego batman god damn it
IT
IT please!!!!!!
Mmm, android juice.
please do spider-homecoming!!
Something free here: #Gogogiftcard2017
5 years of fluting 😂😂😂😂
https://youtu.be/wf_uDzjZH3s apoyenme en mi canal de youtube
IT from the 1990s
Do Zombieland!
DO IT (2017)PLEEEEEEAAAAAAASE
Best comedy of 2017
Do sleepless
Do bridge to terabithia
Every thing wrong with IT
Do a video for the old western film Tombstone.  its a history movie but i think you could have fun with it
I'm still upset about the death of the first sin counter. All the years we had, the memories we've made. TnT
In case you are making a video on it, when Margaret's dad kicks the door in, the door is open out for the rest of the scene.
Everything Wrong With Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny in XXX Minutes or Less DO ITTTTTTTTTTTT :D
I really appreciate you sinning this movie after i posted for the same in comments in your videos. I've got a new movie for you to sin now - 'Dark Skies'.
When you have a standard of alien films, that were made ten years earlier.. its really a special kind of skill to make a set of films where EVERYTHING is substandard to the originals.
David helped the crew in the end so that he could test his perfect lifeform, as it should be able to overcome any obstacle.
For all the people tell him to do IT 2017, get it through your head. \n\nStill. In. Theaters.
fucking fucking fucking always fuck
Everything wrong with baywatch pls
Is GotG2 coming???
I'm so glad you Sinned this, The part with the girl being eaten in the bathroom and her screaming where NO ONE HEARD HER annoyed me.
Wow, the 3-d looks worse than the 3-D in the older movies.
the reason we have ear wax is so that spores dont get in your ears an mushrooms start growing... if the smoke break guy had earwax then there would be one less fucking alien!
These movies would be considered better if they were a new franchise- not trying to be Alien and screwing with its lore and back story.
He's so funny when it comes to roasting movies.
you better do everything wrong with Baby Driver I wanna see how short the video is
davis, the android, hair groth, wut
please do it
So I keep seeing these videos about how cinemasins is so wrong. I'm not sure if they get that this is comedy or not. I get it and I just laugh at the idiots who don't and have to make videos explaining how wrong you are. I view it as satire. Not fact.
since you already sinned all first 4 paranormal activity-movies, y u no also cover marked ones and ghost dimension, Jeremy...???\n\nno...? okay...
David went through all the trouble of waiting for everyone to go into Crysleep so he could use all the remaining colonists as experiments. Because (If you had bothered to listen to the movie and David) when asked what the eggs were waiting for, he replied Mother hinting to him not having fully perfected his creation and wanting to create a Xenomorph that could carry on creating more by itself (IE a Queen)
Everything Wrong With The Thing(original and prequel)
Everything Wrong With Death Note 2017?
I vote you screen every movie before release and create the ultimate movie never before seen!!!
Everything wrong with the Emoji Movie. \n\nWe're still waiting
They didnt put an AI in the ship like David because they had bad expirience with it and lost control. One AI robot is enough on the ship if he malfunctioning.
Make one on so called Netflix's original Death note
Oh Strenuously object haha one of my favorite lines. I love  your videos they are hysterical and so right on.
PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE! You have got to SIN ..Transformers Last Knight if you haven't already. It honestly deserves it!
fuck,
Floyd Mayweather, the swimmer.
4:40 Floyd was bout to clear his ass 😂
Floyd's voice is AMAZING
damn i wasn't going to sub but that outro song.. i just had too
Diego is a fucking legend
hi checking back after a week wheres the fucking song at the end bro
He better not disappear again
Do more music with diego
The fuck did I just watch?
Floyd Mayweather is the Hercule Satan in DragonBallZ
you must be as gay as your channel, who tf follows this trash lol
Can I  be number eight
Simply go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You will get the only real 100% working secret fully FREE for this game.
lmao this guy is so focused on his money he dont got a vclue about all these mfs he said who tf is that LMAO
Why does Floyd Mayweather look like a dark and bald Mexican?
Ok so I have never really been attracted to black men but Mayweather is like the definition of chocolate.... just saying 😊
I have a bike
We on that NEW NEW.  TMT GOAT Canelo next for a 500 million dollar pay day for Mayweather
I want peanut live to interview Floyd next.
Is the voice of the puppet Rudy Mancoso
Favorite Fifth Harmony song?\nWho tf is that?\nJesus Christ Floyd there's more to life than strip clubs and being very rich. haha
One is too close to none lmao. Floyd is funny
I died at there's more to life than strip clubs and being very very rich! Hahahaha perfect!
They should make a video about Diego going to school 😂😂
When are you going to get divorced with Benita Diego
Is this really Rudy mancuso? He's way funnier than I expected
Lol this was great
This was the best interview I've ever seen.
😲 you are kill me oh my 70 girlfriend 🙏🙏🙏😲
That's a little nigger with a big bank account.
All Chimped Out.. The Dindu Nuffins idol and inspiration.. Wait until his homosexual sex tapes are released.. Transgender love has got all these gay boys
I liked this interview.
😂😂😂😂😂
Jesus Christ...hilarious!
just saying how do puppets makeout
He gunna fight again!💪👉💥
Yeah - Yeah 3:06
Too many taco😂 (tmt)
I'm dead!!! what bank you with bro? lololol
also if has 200-300 million in his bank, why can't he pay his taxes?
Moneyman, you are a true legend, and an example of and to successful individuals for all times.\n\nYour legendary 20-year focus and commitment to your boxing craft will never be ignored by those who can appreciate what success in life entails.\n\nWhen one can die or be seriously incapacitated in the ring by young, strong men the world over, it is so vital to be always in shape, be always ready, be always 'on top of your game', and always study and never underestimate any opponent.\n\nMany 'great' boxers have been clobbered by lesser opponents; because they lost their focus and foolishly underestimate some opponents.
That was way more entertaining than I expected it to be. In all honesty Floyd seems like a decent dude.
This was not funny
History won't be kind to Floyd.
5:43 floyd waiting for the camera to go off is hilarious
Diego kinda sound like Rudy manusco I think that's how you spell it?
lol why does this have so many views\nnvm this video is hilarious
This nigga so rich he is actually considering wiring money to a fucking PUPPET!\n\nLMAOOOOOO
If you don't stop what you're doing and watch my meme of this, you'll see something in your closet by 3am
Floyd is finally getting the respect and honour that he deserves. #Tbe
Floyd, real shit. I loved this interview. You're actually pretty fucking funny.
You should do one w canelo!!!!
That fight wasn't worth $100, but this interview sure was.
Boxing legend meets a puppet......has that not been already????
check my youtube channel out its called KPI’ERRE if you find me funny join the family and lets grow and im doing a iphone 8 giveaway at 500 subs and a iPhone x give away if i caan hit 1000 subs lets go
Is this the guy who Conor retired before the early stopage? Conor practically destroyed this dude knuckles with his face, same thing he did to Nate.
How did you get him to give you a interview?
I tried that one time and she punched me harder than u punched McGregor Lol 😂😂😂
Mayweather is the MAN! Bless him and his family.
I bet the puppet could beat Pac-Man
Is that puppet Rudy Mancuso it sounds like him
i hate this guy.
I love this man, nice advices
Financially mature, intellectually, the complete opposite.
the interview was a tko
gold
Jajajaja
interview conner mcgregor pls🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
great interview! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
Diego sounds like rudy
sounds like mallignaggi
Lol
Lol funny interview
Lol
MORE !!!!
i hate her floyd ...I hate her
bs aside, killem floyd
You get fucking DIVORCED!!!
yeahhhhhhhhh
Paulie Malignaggi interviewing his buddy Floyd.
https://youtu.be/uK28GvGdPcM
Mayweather L.E.G.E.N.D 😁
Outstanding.
.&
1:34. Wow.Just Wow
xD
Demi we love ya
DEMI LAVATO DOESNT MAKE MUSIC !!!!!!
nigga just said 'aint that justin beavers ex girl'
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh😂😂😂😂
😂
I 💗 Floyd
Collab with sml!!!
Best vid
Lmao...
Lol 😂😂
Hahaha wtf is this
Tosser
Can I like borrow $20 dollars
We lost a little light tonight.
Solo vine a dejar mis respetos. Actorazo.
Rest In Peace you beautiful man.  🎶
The soul of music no matter where you are.
One of the greats. will be remembered long time.
He'll be missed - so cool
Hoooly crap. I'm a Mexican guy and also (probably) the biggest Alien film fan ever and this just blew my mind away... awesome performance. Hell, he sang it better and with even more soul than most Mexican singers I've known.
Rest in peace Harry Dean Stanton , your mowies and music will live on .
Quentin Tarantino missed an opportunity to have Harry perform live in his movies...  Rest in peace, you awesome man.
May your hauntingly beautiful giving be always celebrated.  Thank you.
it does not matter what language, does it?
RIP HDS <3
quisiera llorar, quisiera morir de sentimiento...
RIP Harry Dean Stanton! :(
Rest In Peace
RIP Great Harry!
Descansa en paz, Sr. Stanton.
A veces tenemos sueños chiquitos que no le decimos al mundo porque no parecen ser relevantes. Uno de estos sueños era conocer a Harry Dean Stanton. Hoy duele algo dentro de mí y lloro mucho su pérdida.
Si,Cantineras,cortavenas,musica para chupar
increíble canción.... es muy bella.... muy poética y tan bien que la canta... que excelente  cantante es! 😊
Years ago I had the extremely fortunate opportunity to see Harry and his music combo at a small club in L.A. called the Mint.
Yaaa Nuu Savi
SUPRISINGLY GOOD SINGER AS WELL AS ACTOR.CONGRATULATIONS HDS.
memories of mexico trip circa 1993 with Kyle Findlay
Un himno para todos los oaxaqueños...... arriva oaxaca y sus siete regiones..
Great song, great interpretation. But why was it included in a doc about the blues?
f'n love this guy!
This song is so beautiful, and sung by this wonderful man, what a soul...blessings to you Harry Dean Stanton...keep singing!
amazing. such a amazing man with so many talents
muy bueno gracias
Y que...  ¡Viva Huajuapan de León! Tierra del sol :D
que salvaje! : ,)
I am Mexican and I must say you need to be a Mexican to really feel and understand the song, however Harry Dean Staton did an awesome job on it!!!
knock out
What a beloved man he is and singing so sweet and high. Talent abounds!
Nice 1 Harry Dean:)
First time I hit dislike....i just can't with the way y'all was acting, especially on that plane..ugh.
We're was Shani at the start of the vlog
Can you imagine being the uber driver when they are all talking like that😂😂
This guy is the laziest guy ever just eats has coffee has his nails done do you do anything except eat and shop ? No hate just an observation!!!!!!!
Honestly I love watching you videos
Lily's grinch hand brings me ACTUAL life
You guys are my favorite group of people 😂😂♥️♥️😭😭😭😭
THAT VOICE KILS ME ITS HILAR
Literally have no idea what you guys are saying half the time 😂
omg did Shani leave all her friends in economy+ while she was in business? #goals 😂
The new voice isnt funny :( which makes me sad
I love the way y'all talk it cracks me up 😂😅
where the fuck is shani
Why the fuck does lily think it's okay to talk to Skye like that ?????? Skye is abit dim and annoying sometimes but she's a human. Rahnee is my favourite, everyone's saying shani seems off Well actually multiple times in Lily's vlog you can see rahnee just didn't fit in she wanted to act normal and have a artsy experience, yet always get made fun of for her amazing fashion? AND IF YOU THINK THE VOICES ARE ANNOYING OR NOT UNDERSTANDABLE YOUR NOT AUSTRALIAN BC I CAN UNDERSTAND 100% CYA
where was shani during the flight??
I hate cliches, but one of things I love about being gay are all of my gorgeous girlfriends. Guys are jealous and they have no idea if you don't like them they'll never have a chance with one of your babes. I wouldn't doubt if a guy or two saw Skye lift up her shirt and thought how much he wishes he was you 😂😂
I love you but all your voices are actually that annoying
wtf im actually so sad i had no idea my fave australians were here... im peeved i didnt see you :'(
This makes me so happy
Come to Atlanta, GA!!!!!!!
I love you all but I don't think I could spend a whole day with Lilly omfg 😂
Just watched ya snap and wanted to say love you and thanks for listening to us about that voice you guys talk in! But LOVE your vlogs regardless
honestly fucking love how mental you all are, you are just being yourselves, love ya michael, you stunning candlestuck!
Michael, I would love to be your friend!! You're so fun and awesome!!😀
I love you Michael! And I love watching all your videos!!! But, that talking was too much, I'm so sorry but I had to stop watching I just couldn't understand a damn thing and it was driving my nuts 😭 I'm so sorry I love you
Lol I don't have a problem with you talkin la'ke thus if you guys are just having a laugh. I could understand what your guys were saying it's so funny but thankyou for considering for the next vlog Hun 💕😘😘😘 xx
everyone can shut up i love when you talk like this WAT DA YA MEN
i literally can never understand anything theyre saying when they do the cartoon voice..like i dont get it but yall are still so funny
why this white rich kids talk and act like retard???? i really love u all guys but this video is boring and so annoying
I love u all so much but I hate it when u lot talk like that I still love u all tho ❤️❤️❤️
lol people be forgetting you're all around 21 ... CHILLLL. they living an unreal life how are u not gonna be hype 24/7 with ur friends
Michael where are your square sunglasses from daaaahhhhliinnggg
BAHAHA honestly Michael, lily reminds me of a pigeon when you guys speak like that BHAHA acually love you all q
Hahahah it kinda sounds like they are all chickens ❤️️❤️️
i love skye!!! shes so funny
If you don't do a haul of all the stuff you got in America, I'm coming for you 😉😂
Hey Michael have u seen jake wardens videos he's so cute and a miniature version of you, was my first impression I think your his role model and supporter if u haven't seen his Chanel you should have a look so glade there's more people like u in this world ☺️☺️❤️
Do a video showing us make up products essentials
Do a vlog of u at a theme park ?😛😛
Can you please do a what I eat in a day video? Looking amazing! Xx
dude i saw lily at the airport that day with her mum ifgjnergnekrlnj god bless
Omg please stop with the voices 🙄🙄
ok but can we talk about how nice Skye's tits are wtf
My favourite group of people ! Michael loved your makeup the day your wore the Green t-shirt they both were stunning !!!x
If lilly was blonde shell look like Perrie from little mix just saying
Love you Michael but that stupid talking is very annoying, Lilly needs to act maybe a little bit normal, I was put off this vlog because of her, just saying 💕
I don't know how you don't have more Subscribers ‼️😍
I loveee ypur videos but you seriously need to stop with those voices...it was once funny but now its soo irritating i couldn't watch tje whole thing 👎
michael is my spirit animal
sometimes i dont even know what they're saying....
PLEASEEEE DO MORE VLOGS! I LIVE FOR THEM. THANKKKQQQQUUEAAHH. Love u x
OMG your make up on the second day !!! Tutorial please looks amazing!
where are lilly sunglasses from I love/ need them!!!! asap
Is there beef between Michael and shani cause if there is I'm gonna cry
Why dose Skye always look like the slut of the group 😂
Seriously the way y'all talk is hella annoying. Don't get me wrong. I'm a fan. but every time y'all talk like that I LITERALLY CRINGE 😣 sometimes I just don't want to watch your vids because of it. Like its cool that y'all have a friends lingo thing going on , but every time.... It's like brooooo!? CRINGE!!!
I love all of you so much get fucked
The lord is good for ya I CANT OMG 😂
shani looks like she wasn't feeling it. :(
Girl we saw that Pou Pourri in your Ulta bag
Think I laughed the whole was through! Amazing!!!
you did not vlog Shani at all :(
Moment of Silence for their uber drivers
Can someone tell me where shani came from lmao
Lily and skye should be on the no fly list, fucking embarrassment
U guys literally look like the Spice Girls towards the end of the vlog
Y'all sound like a bunch of ducks
Stop with the ascents its so annoying
love ur sunglasses hun!! <3
Michael and shani aren't even talking
Sorry , but I can't stand that ranga bitch
Am I the only one who thinks Shanni was really quite in this vlog
Lilly reminds me of chicken having a mental break down💕😂
Lmao the Americans must be thinking WTF is wrong with these Australians 😂😂😂😂 love it!!!!
No one's actually going to freak the fuck out that Die Antwoord was literally in arms length of them😍 SERIOUSLY!!
I NEED MORE SHANI IN YOUR VLOGS THANQQQQQ
Your vlogs legit give me life 😍
Ga ga ga ga ga ga boom
ninja and yolandi holy shit
Candallll stuck
I literally thoyght
skye kinda looks like ellen pompeo!!
OMG JALAPENO HE SAID BAHAHAHHAA
Where's shaniiiii
💚💚💚💚💚
So funny
thats fucking die antwoord hahaha
sassssssssssss× infinity
Sound like spastics.
Actual amazin
lillys literally the funniest person !!
This is hilarious!!💘😂😂
WHY IS LILLY SO FUNNY AHAHAHHAHA
He's nothing but an ugly fag who is addicted to plastic surgery
Michael I love you but I have just recently seen that ur promoting the brush cleaner that spins in the bowl when we all know they destroy your brushes other than that I love you but please explain why you like the product ?
How did you get your dildo through you dirty fag
FUCKING LILY'S HAND OH MY GOD.
Where did Lily get her purple glasses from?! OMG
Most annoying f*ing video ever.  I love you and support you but UGH  I couldnt' even watch all the way through.
Lily is fuckin amazing hahahah love it
MatPat is talking about theories we've heard since 2015 and yet nobody cares that Belle, genetically speaking, isn't related to her supposed father, Maurice. Like, the facts are literally in front of our EYES (cause Maurice has green eyes, Belle's mother according to the DisneyWorld painting of her has blue eyes meaning they can't have a brown eyed child, aka BELLE)
Triton is Hercules' cousin, not Ariel. Ariel is the daughter of his cousin, making her his 2nd nephew.
Hey! Poseidon's other son? Percy Jackson! Lol!
I'm used to hear Hello everyone! Welcome to Game Theory!
My favorite Disney movie is beauty and the beast... cause i love it and France is da best
If there's the Pixar Theory\nMatPat's now creating.....\n**drum roll please**\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTHE DISNEY THEORY!
next theory mickey mouse is a god created the disney universe the way he wanted the whole time ?  xD \ngood job mate on this theory though :P
Actually Triton and Hercules   are the ones who are cousins so basically Hercules is the uncle of ariel
Ok who else think that when Sherlock Holmes dies, Matpat will be the new major detective?
i dont agree with your video on elsa and rapunzel being twins. i believe more that jack frost is elsas uncle ( jack frost was elsas moms brother.) just makes more sense. like why would rapunzels mom be like sure have my second child after mine was just kidnapped.  rapunzel was 22 when she got married (when anna and elsas parents go off and die) and thats years before elsa got the throne (when she turned 21 according to imdb)
Hey, can you make a theory about homestuck, like about how a game like that can even exist
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR TWO FRICKIN YEARS FOR DOCTOR WHO PART 3, MAKE IT MAT, MAAAAAAKKKKEEEEEE ITTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do a theory on Ben 10
Didn't either triton or Sebastian comment something about Ariel's mother at one point?
Love your vids, Mat, but this theory is just bad.\nThe fact that Poseidon is Triton's father isn't as relevant as the question of: is The Little Mermaid's Poseidon the same one that appeared in Hercules. The fact that the same god exists in both worlds doesn't meen that they exist in the same world. \nWe could also talk about the point you made about the sunked ship. The one in The Little Mermaid could literally be any ship. It doesn't necessary ties back to Frozen.\nSorry Matt, i'm not feeling it.
Recently Disney confirmed that Tarzan is Anna and elsa's long lost brother.
Ariel's mom was crushed by a ship
Where's your Moana link? C'mon, get the princess Avengers together.
Can you do a theory on sword art online now pls
U notice when rapunzals hair glows its the same glow from hercules when hes imortal mind blown
Can someome piece together a timeline for these movies then? Like which movie started first little mermaid or frozen?
Can you to a theory about the new IT movie??
Yeah duh Hercs dad is Ariels grandfathers brother anyone with a basic knowledge of Greek mythology knows this.
That intro made me want to K I L L  M Y    S E L F
You missed an extremely obvious crossover in this: Hercules-Aladdin. They're literally happening at the same time. In fact, they meet each other. In the Aladdin and Hercules shows, we have a 2 part crossover where Hades and the spirit of Jafar team up to try and take down the two heroes, but get defeated instead. This crossover takes place after Return of Jafar (but most likely before King of Thieves), and in while Hercules is a teen (before Herc goes to see Phil). I'm surprised you ignored that one, since you can branch out from Aladdin a lot (Sebastian from Little Mermaid, Pinocchio, and the Beast from Beauty and the Beast make little cameos in Aladdin, the Genie turns into Pumbaa from Lion King and Mickey from Steamboat Willie in King of Thieves , and I'm sure there's a lot more from there).
Hey when is the next rick and morty video
Surprisingly it is the Hercules because it was the first Disney movie I watched and I grew up with it and it also gave me interest in Greek mythology and legends
I never thought I was cool.\n\nI think I don't need to say the answer to this.
Well obviously gods are related  to each other so lol
I love the little mermaid
know i want a taco
Why do you have a enter the gungion death clock for the repanzul time
That was some good singing in the intro good job matpat
Have you said that Genie in Aladden is an djinn pls look into this for me
Hercules would be Ariel's uncle... not cousin..
Matpat you forgot at the end of moana where the crab mentioned the crab in the little mermaid
MATPAT GO DO A THEORY ON A NEW RICK AND MORTY EVIL MORTYS BACK
Well, Heracles is technically Ariel's uncle...
Rapunzel in the final scenes of frozen.\nThe final scenes? You sure?\nCome on MatPat.
MatPat needs to sing more often
Although it's not a movie, who else wants him to do Stranger Things?
The Iliad is NOT about the Trojan Horse. The Trojan horse isn't actually mentioned in Iliad at all. It ends before they have the idea. In fact it's already deep into the war, past Paris and Helen, so it's not about that either. It ends before Achilles dies with an arrow to the heel, too, so that's not what it's about.\n\nIt's about Achilles vs Hector, or Achilles's revenge for Patroclus after he dies.
Babmbi's mom is also in the sword in the stone
cool to see you on tv about vidcon Australia
Pirates of the Carribean
Please don't sing again. Ever.
Who made the intro song lol dought you do it yourself mat pat
Wwwwwhhhhhhaaaaaaattttttt???!!!!! - the only thing I repeatedly said while watching this video!
I AM ZOE NIGHTSHADE(to all those percy jackson fans....I already caled dibbs.
That intro is giving me life right now
Hey MatPat, I was wondering if could do a theory on Cream by David Firth. I watched it and I came up with multiple theories and I would like to know what you think about it and what kind of theories you can come up with.
Uh, MatPat, in that little tune you sang, I think you used the wrong term. While the term 'arthropods' does include aquatic species such as crustaceans, a better term would be cephalopods, like squids and octopedes.
Do the balloons in up
Lemme just guess before watching Ariel is daughter of posieden and Hercules is son of zues so they cousins
That was actualy a very good intro
I can destroy you with Greek and roman mythology facts.
I LOVE HERCULES I FIRST SEEN IT WHEN I WAS FIVE (am a 11 now )
Hey MatPat, you've forgotten the relation between Frozen, Tangled and TARZAN.
Is breaking bad in the same universe as the walking dead
HERCULES IS MY FAVORITE DISNEY MOIVE NO JOKE!!!☺
Mat pat just created the newest Disney under the sea
MatPat that's a good thing you never called yourself cool because most people who call themselves cool are usually jerks
Micky, Donald, and Goofy are underwater in the little Mermaid. 5:24  you can use  , and . to pause frame by frame. They are in the crowd just under King Tritons hair.
when i stabbed the subscribe button my computer turned of so now im on mobile help
Oh, Ariel's mother was killed by pirates if you watch the little mermaid 3? 2? Idk
And this is the part we're we find out Disney has been using film theory to make its new movies lol
I wonder what intro people like more game or film theory
The Emperor's New Groove
And....there's a theory that mother Gothel is a descendant of Meg from Hercules which explains how she knows the song to activate Rapunzel's healing powers.
lion king
okay, matpat, i saw that tumblr post too
Treasure planet
that opening song-le cringe
( ; - ; ) hello want my sword?\n    |\n    | _[xxxxxxx>\n    | \n   /\
Light Yagami hair
Aladdin
The cringey intro
U the best
Giant Poseidon Fork. Just that.
John Wick
does incredibles count?
Trippy
How old is spoungebob
Noice
Wreck it Ralph
OH HONEY YOU MEAN HUNKULESE
No movie
Aladdin for life
Dat intro tho xD
JASMINE IS MY FAVORITE
I thought Ariel said toriel... I'm WAY to much into undertale...\n\n\n\n*NIGEL NEGEL HBHBHGN*
Mat pat do baby driver theory
my fav is tron
zootopia is my faverate disney movie
Matpat you are cool really cool
Lol my fav Disney movie is Hercules
Hercules
heRCULES IS MAH FAV
It's a theory- Its a theor- SHUT UP MAT
Percy probably watched this.
so fast that at 0:59 the frame couldnt handle the pixels
Pressure that would blow the observable universe.
It doesn't make any sense. I love it
0:59 The thing is so quick that it tares the video apart
Wow, that's fast! Great! That ugly Citroën Xantia is dangerously in the way, I think.
Have you runned it on ice?
Tesla 0-60 2.9secs \nWater powered trike ..Bitch please
I like turtles
BRAVO FRANCOIS !  Impressionnant l'accélération de ton trike ! Maintenant tu peux t'aligner avec des DRAGSTER TOP FUEL au NITROMETHANE.Je pense que tu vas pouvoir établir d'autres RECORDS !
Amazing and lot of POWEEEEEEEEEEEER
Fix this tech to a Train, Boom, water the plants in city using this TRAIL
when water rocket is much cleaner and cooler than fire rocket
not fair car didn't even try :(
Must have been the Taco Bell
kph? Where's the meter, Muppet?
Nothing wrong with a Citroen Xantia!
Пацаны кто с Матвеева канала?)
Whaaaat? :-D
кто от МАТВЕЕВА?
2018 Geneva motor show: Introducing, water heater powered cars!
bonne idee, arroser les fleurs  lol
So what?
FOOSH
Привет пикабу)
Amaze-balls!!! Good job.
Faaking hell.  that thing is sweet.
you my friend... are awesome..
TSACH
Impressionnant !!!!! Je suis resté scotché devant l'écran !!!!
Jeremy Clarkson eat my dust (water)!
Awesome, unbelievable
C'est malade : 5g. Mais c'est pas le future de l'automobile. Pas d'autonomie, utilise trop eau et l'hiver ca ne marche pas.
Yeaaaahhh... so much POWEEEEEERRR haha
0-100 kph in 0.55s....man that is 18,5 G´s!
French pilot, french track.... 60 FOOT??? How many is that in bananas?
Humans are amazing
Would no it be better use air, instead water? Because air is more compressible.How much is the pressure to put the water on cylinders?
one question...can it pop a wheelie?
Awesome. Did you have to raise the seat or put a dent in the water tank, 'cause you gotta have some seriously big balls to ride that thing! \n\nJoking aside, you should try a go fund me (or similar) page to crowd source money. Post your videos and link to them where you can, and provide links like you do for all your current sponsors/helpers.
That is how you fuck up the track for the next guy
Wow, the 60 foot time is in the realm of Top Fuel dragsters!\n\nAnthony.
1:00 space time bug
Salut François,Si tu veux augmenter encore la performance et profité de l'évacuation des gaz en fin de poussée alors gonfle ton réservoir non pas avec de l'air mais de L'HELIUM !Arnold
Hillary for Prison
With the oil diesel gas companies, we will never see cars to move with water because of the ELITE . By the way i like when ELITE say stop the polution of the earth , but they don't let the people with knowlege to give the technologie to produce cars that use water to move. So the ELITE think we are idiots, but they don't know, that we know friendly enviroment ways to use vehicles, and that means we are not idiots, we just pretend we don't know nothing. So tomorrow again let's fill up with gasoline in our car's and keep up the polution of the earth. Funny story ha ?
Why the fuck was there a car PARKED in front of the run?\nThat is so fucking stupid in so many ways. Idiots.
Raise your hand if you love yourself a good ol' burnt marshmallow🙋🏼😂 This looks Soo tasty🤤🤤
Aw! I wish I could come. Hope everyone has a fun and delicious time.
I wish I could make it! You should do a recipe challenge where the winner gets to fly to England and spend a day in your shop!
I went to your shop in London on Tuesday:-) you were not there, but the cakes and coffee was delicious 😋. The girl working there with Red Hair was so nice.  X love from Ireland Gemma
Simply delicious!! Italian meringue is my favourite type of meringue :D
crumbly bottom haha
Will these freeze?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FK5ViK6d7N8
can you make mirrir glaze cookies or cake
Sourdough bread baking
*AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* 😋😋🤤🤤🤤🤤😆😆😆😆😩😩😩😩😩
love ur recipes
❤️❤️❤️
Can you make samoas?!
Yum......yum.....yumi ! <★>
Thank you 😊
Iove your Arabian jacket 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍☺️😍😍😍😍😍☺️
Jemma , u r the best....
PLEASE DO MACARONS!!!!! 😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
Smores alaska sounds great! Or Browntzel Alaska!
This is genius!!
Yummmmehhhhhh ahhahahahaha
Pretzel base?! Omg 😍😍😍 genius.
😍😊😋they look absolutely   delicious! 👏👌❤️
Omg ur amazing!! Loveee the recipe
Hi jemma, can we make the Italian meringue in advance? Like for example, make it in the afternoon and assemble the Alaska  dessert in the evening? Or will the meringue deflate? I was thinking of baking the crust and brownie layer the night before, making the ice cream in advance, and then making the meringue in the afternoon so I can assemble it in front of guests at dinner. Would that work?
Hi Jemma, how many eggs do you need to use to make up 120ml.
😁I watch you for years...but you never have nice ring like that! Sooooooooo? 😁😁😁
Can you pease make a macaron recipe? XD
앞머리봐~ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 머리동그랗고 귀엽다 스다듬고싶네ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ외모는 뷰티여자들보다 반은못미치네
Oh my gosh! Thanks for making me fat Jemma! I have to blame you! Hahahaha. X
Please make cakes based on Indian theme,green tea & red wine please
Hi Jemma. I am a huge fan, (as well as everyone in my office, my partner and friends, as they get to eat everything I bake) and look forward to your weekly recipes.\nI am coming to London next week and a main place to visit is Crumbs and Doilies. Is it easy to find? And do you work there so I can say hello?. This year I applied for the Australian version of The bake off and just missed out on being on the show as I was number 13 of 12. \nYou are a great inspiration and have learnt so much from your videos.  Don (Melbourne)
OMG!!!!\nLove everything you do. \nKisses from Azores Portugal
I'm a trainee pastry chef, and my job each morning is to toast the tops of lemon meringue tarts. I WANT TO EAT THEM ALL BUT CAN'T!
I would've come but you know.... different continent and stuff. Wish I could have been there though
Jemma is it possible that your brownie recipe can become the crust for a blueberry cheesecake?\n\nIf its possible can you teach me how? <3
dear Jemma I'm a HUGE fan and always make an effort to go to crumbs and doilies when in London because I'm from Birmingham but sadly I'm in year 6 at school so if by any chance you could try and o it on a weekend I would be honoured to meet you in person if not no probs and I hope it goes perfectly for you \na GINORMOUS cupcake Jemma fan:)
Thought the announcement would be you were engaged hence the beautiful ring on your finger ...
Hi jemma how are you! Hope you doing well this is minhaz from botswana which is in the continent africa, i looooovvvveee ur recipes so much and they always come out amazing, i use your lemon curd recipe all the time and i also tried your doughnuts, they were so good. Could you please share a recipe on how to make a rose and pistachio cake or cupcakes . Thank you
Can you use a multiple ring tin with removable bottoms?
Awwww man, I'm in the USA, can't get there 😂
In July I visited your shop and it was honestly such a highlight of my trip overseas. I bought your book and I have been baking from it since I got back 😊 my pick at the moment is the  cardamom, lime and pistachio cake! Can't wait till I get to visit your shop again ...love from Australia 🐨🐨
i think the mixer broke
I’d love to come, but I’ve got school 😕\n\nI’ll definitely be attempting to make these at some point!!
HA! So funny! I am in London on this date. Maybe i come and try this. It looks so yummy!
mmm do you think you can send me one to mexico?? hahahaha
another amazing recipe!! 😍😍 thanks for sharing this with us Jemma. ☺
Alright which one of you British millionaires can fly me out so I can try one of these s'mores?
i can feel my blood thickening already from just watching... gimmegimmegimme
What tins is she using? So beautiful?
I would love to come but i live in Malaysia 😭😭😭to whoever that able to meet Jemma this Monday,please send my regards to her😞
Can any kind soul advise on the longevity of the Italian Meringues? Like, how long can it be left in the open/airtight container? I've read somewhere that advised against chilling it as it adds moisture. Thanks in advance!
Cannot hear mention of a baked alaska without thinking of that one GBBO episode ...
I'll just swim across the canal than, kisses from Belgium
I live in germany so I dont think I can come ;) still... someday Ill definetly will fly to London and eat one of your cakes or cupcakes. Stupid as it may sound, its one of my goals for the next years :)
So wish I lived closer. These look so good 😊
THE SHOP WAS AMAAAZZIINNGGG!I came in the summer and i was really hoping to see Jemma but anyway I had a chocolate raspberry cupcake and it tastes wonderful! was very tempted to get a lot of cupcakes but oh well. Also got a signed cookbook from Jemma!!!(i'm so happy) Lots of love all the way from Hong Kong.
Jemma. I am making a cake for my guy mates 21st can you do a tutorial for something along these lines
Where do I get that brownie tin?? :O
Been waiting for new video these past days and this is endangering my diet week 😅
How to basic is better lol is my sis subscribe to you
Oh my gosh. I wish I lived somewhere near your area 😭 I'd love to meet you and have a bite of that Alaskan heaven!
i genuinely cannot understand how you cooked the brownies instead of just eating the batter
This looks absolutely divine!! Why can't there be a CDS in Connecticut! :(  how delicious is this! Im craving it so much lol
Burnt marshmallows are the best smell ever.
If only I wasn't living on the other side of the world in a totally different hemisphere. Oh wells. Hope you come down to this side of the world soon!!!
Wish you make your square cake one Thursday xx
The one week I leave london this whole summer... Guess we're cutting this trip short.
Hi Jemma. Can you store those in the freezer for a couple hours before serving or does the meringue crumble/fall together in the cold?
I enjoyed your background music today.
Can you do a French or Italian macarons recepie
Wish I could come on Monday, don't even live that far but it's GCSE year and I've got tuition so I can't make it 😭😭😭
This looks like the ultimate dessert ever! I really hope to finish work and the pick ups easily so we can come by your shop and have a S'mores Alaska! Have fun!!!
I'LL BE THERE!!!!!
love that top on you and great recipe! : )
I couldn't help but notice the apron behind, just casually hanging, it looks supercool  😍\nAnd I'm definitely going to try these, hope you'll give us that ice cream recipe someday aswell 😊
These look soooo tasty! Thank you for sharing! What vanilla extract do you use?? It looks amazing!
Too bad I live in Nova Scotia, 'cause I'd be there to eat one of those delicious looking creations if I could! Yummy! Guess I'll just have to make it myself
Hey jemma i was in your shop yesterday but you weren't there and i had a salted caramel cupcake and it was amazing!!!💖💖 i do wish you were there though😯
Can I ever get bored with watching you Gemma? Even the little things you do are lovely. Keep it up 😊
Wish I could come on the 18th!!! Love this recipe. Looks delicious! Love from New Zealand, Jade
I will be there!!
Searching for a flight to London....from Alaska for Baked Alaska .  Now, how to explain my work absence 😉
So happy you have uploaded I found your channel a month ago and subscribed straight away ! Every day I rewatch your videos and I'm so happy I get to hear you amazing voice again today! ❤️❤️❤️love you Jemma xxx
Please Jemma, make macarons!!
Hi, I love ur videos and ur my favourite YouTuber and I've learnt loads from you. I'd love to come to Crumbs &a Doilies, and meet you. Can you  make some vanilla cupcake with an electric hand mixter plz that would be very helpful since I don't have them stand mixter
Jemma please show us how to make macaroons.
If we don't have blowtorches is there an alternative
when will you be making macarons?
You mentioned not having access to graham crackers, why is that? Do they not have them where you are? I'm from the U.S.
If u haven't allready could u make a carrot cake recipe pls ??!!!😊😊❤️
Doesn't anyone think that Jemma should have merch?! Not like Clothing and popsockets, like Baking Equipment!! Like If You Agree! if This Gets Over 300 likes hopefully she'll DO ITT!!!❤️❤️PS: Those S'mores Look FAB😘
How many portions does this recipy make?
Where's the japanese cheesecake recipe? :(
Your jacket is making me cringe hard
Can anyone say what kind of Standmixer she uses?
Please can you do a French or Italian macaron recipe video?
Please make rainbow cupcakes
That Cupcake Jemma apron behind you is so pretty!
Tzuyu iS KILLING mE WITH HeR VISUALS.
Tzuyu is so beutiful. My bias 😍😍😍
Tzuyu
Tzuyu is beautiful ❤❤❤❤
Tzuyu you very beautiful
tzuyu is like a doll
1.2M in a Teaser Japanese🎊🎊🎊🎊🔥🔥🔥🔥 🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤
Tzuyu 😭😭💘💘
owmaygad Tzuyu!!!!!!!!!!
Jihyo my bias why are you so pretty❤😘😍😍
Tzuyu and Chaeyoung in plaits 😍😍😍 Can't wait , it already sounds so catchy 💕💕
Sana's head bobbing with the beat is so satisfying. Damn <3
Oh shit...i thought it was 18/9...it was 18/10...shit
oh my god i really thought the song is coming out today like BTS. i forgot this is september.
I love the beat
NO SANA NO LIFE SHOOK SHOOK SHOOK SHOOK
waiting........
Dang a month from now...Welp time to watch it a million times and then watch all their MVs twenty times. The life of a K-Pop stan
we can hear the beat on knock knock, just listen carefully
JEONGYEON❤❤❤ MY ONE AND ONLY❤❤ MY QUEEN
I and all Twice fans out there are    looking  forward  to hearing Twice-One more time's music video.New to hear teaser one more time has attrated fans of TWICE. \nTWICE FIGHTING‼💓💓👋👋👉😳😳
So is their comeback J-Pop or K-Pop? Or both?
Watching this just for sana
I remember IOI's dream girl with the beat and their different sports <3 I hope Twice will rise again and the fandom to be humble and not to argue with other fandoms :D Spread Love :* -Sone
TWICE for Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics.
Chaeyoung just so pretty in this video..\nBtw they're getting prettier as the time flies by💕💕💕💕😍😍😍😍😍
0:15 i think momo is wearing jungyeon's cloth when they're shooting in canada.
Twice try to make a mv here in the philippines many of us (once grp.)are waiting here i wish you never  forgot this and dont forget ME
リズム好きだわー
GOOD
SANA \n💜Beautiful
why 3k Dislikesss?????
SANA, SANA, SANA 😍😍😍
i love twice
Stream onces?😄😄
Aaaa.. Jihyooo 😍😍😍
one can say that the introduction of the return songs
Sana better rap in this song if you know what I mean. When she starts speaking Japanese it's like she's rapping.
I can't wait 1 month :'((
サナが顔を左右に振るところが可愛すぎる！！大好き！！！もう本当に大好き！！！w早く会いたい！！！
okay today i like twice 😂
any twice fans ? feel free to join once discord server. https://discord.gg/xc6EVtB
How still watch this ?!
Getting ready for their comeback. So hyped right now!!!!!
Comeback?!
!U!
😀😀😀❤❤❤😍😍😍
Nayeonnnnn ❤️
10/18
Dahyunieee! So gorg 😍
I NEED OXYGEN RN
💟💕❤💋💙❤💖💝💗💞💚💛💜
OMG.. i'm so excited.
STAN TALENT STAN TWICE 😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘
HURRY UP！！！！\nI CANNOT WAIT
mina mina mina, love you <3
Sana my babe i cry
Sana cute girl
💜💜💜💜
Bts comeback yesterday [170918]\nTwice comeback on october [171018]\nOMO BANGTWICE DETECTED.!✨\nbtw mina freakin slay
Momo Stan
so cute💕
チェヨン可愛い❤
Nayeon slayyyyyyys😘
Tzuyu😄😄😄😄😄
OMGGGGGGG. slayyyyyyyy bae💕
momo blue hair😍\njeongyeon new hair style😍\nchaeyoung long hair😍
momo i love you
Can't wait 😍
hello
Minaa~❤❤
フル早く聴きたい‼️
My babies are so adorable
Mv this day launch
So Excited ❤
Hahahah dao
i'm excited!
低評価つけんなしつけてる奴が低ランクだな
TWICE
Moooomo looks so good
🔥💕
NAYEON OMG I CANT BELIVE IT SHE IS A OLDEST  AH AHAHHAA I CANT I CANT SHIT SHE LOOK MAKNAE
We need comeback ASAP!
Momoring <33
Sana!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
i cant wait for korean ver.😭
TWICE
DAHYUN Y CHAE , DIOS 😍
Sana performs Clubs of rhythmic gymnastics ????
Omg mina! You look so pretty and adorable, love you my bias. Fighting!!!! Can't wait their comebackk!! TT🙌👏\n#twicelover\n#minatwice💕
When the music video is gonna come out?
It will be release on october?😪 why did they release the teaser so earlier😭
Why it didn't release yet?
I WANT JEONGYEON TO LOOK AT ME LIKE HOW SHE LOOKED AT CHAEYOUNG
WHAT TIME IS THE M/V SUPPOSED TO COME OUT? BY THE WAY I'M IN ENGLAND DOES ANYONE KNOW?
Isn't the MV supposed to be out today
HELLO?! Its the 18th already! where is my music video?!😒
なんの動画かわからない。
Who is here before it goes viral? 🙋
I love his voice! Amazing artist
tHIS IS SO GOOD
Fucking genius
HOMÃO DA POHA
When the song start i said : WoW 😍 his voice is amazing 😍
true talent. you can even hear background noise of him walking through the streets
I love X Ambassadors ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Those couple of people in the background were so lucky to witness this guy's amazing voice. Imagine seeing him randomly walking in the streets while singing at the same time. One person was like Hell yeahhh now that's how you do it man, I'm feelin' the vibe! and had no idea to become part of this video. Truly amazing! <3
since when matthew santoro become the lead singer of x ambassadors?
This is very real sound. Love <3
Why would someone dislike this \nHis vocals are amazing \nGreat song once again
Sooo good!!!\nDaydreaming about the concert in Prague. They were so awesome. 🙌🙌❤
please also subscribe my channel heart of stone manik
No autotune regular voice that's talent
Very cool...you can tell he is doing this without any back up and they added the music and backing track later
I love the hand motions, like he's ready to throw down, this song is so powerful. :D
Who's here before one million?
i just listen to it in my head and just wish it was actually was on right then
Just spent the first half of this video thinking it was in silence before I realise my headphone had fallen out of my ear 😂😂😂 xx
I'm in love with this masterpiece ❤
SO awesome!! Cant wait to see these guys in concert
Now this is a song that I would like to hear instead of Despacito and other meaningless songs. IDK if you know this or not but they used live vocals for this video. It means that he is really singing the song in this music video which is the reason why it sound so pure and unique. X ambassadors all the way *thumbs up*
Love this song!! Awesome video too!!
best type of song out there. i can think of x ambassadors, kodaline, the lumineers..nice music, meaningful lyrics, moving emotions..i can repeat them all day long all night long..and keep in mind..he sang live in this video!!
Everybody should sing in street like that sometimes, so cool !
I am obsessed with X-ambassadors!
This song is utter genius. I am stupefied.
Way to keep it real! If we can't love artists for their real music, then what's the point? Thank you for an awesome song and video!
DAAAMN!!! HIs singing LIVE the whole video!!! Thats TALENT right there!!! MAD RESPECT!!!
I love this! Dude can sang!
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK ARE THOSE VOCALS?!?!?!?! Daaammmn!!! (I don't usually swear but there are some exceptions in life)
I am in awe! This is ground breaking.
I thought I was going to win the 1million dollar jackpot,it turns out I was far ahead of myself
Hey guys! My name is Malik Charles...im really tryna get my music heard and would appreciate any support! I make music about love,life,pain and try my best to reach all people. Please take a listen... https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
The lead singer is pretty.
Words can't even begin to explain how awesome this was. I loved it
In some moments his voice reminded me of Chris Daughtry's.
you made my day so much better
dang it this is most underrated band
His voice is fucking amazing 😍😍
Do one video only with the vocals
Love It! Great tune! Well done!
Come to Lollapalooza in Brazil 2018 !!!!! I want to live, breath e feel your music !!! PLEASE ! Love u ♥
HOT DAMN!!!
Wow wow wow ! It's better than the studio version x)
I wasn't ready for this smash of a song .\nI got ahead of myself .
and can we like appreciate how good they all look
He's so fuckin sexy. MY GOD
Good song, there are no homosexuals in it!
Can I just leave some love here ? <3 ..This song is amazing and with the videoclip it's even better !
Too good to be listened completely at one go.
Good GOD that VOICE!!!!! 😍😍😍 makes me weak in the knees
The blind leading the blind. I love this
His voice! A real singer!
Better than zayns new song
crazy live vocals!
Love you , guys ! So talented !
Johnny sins is that you!!??
Love his voice
Amazing!!!!
EVEN JESUS WILL LOVE IT. <3
They're so underrated, they deserve more popularity than other shitty music that gets so much hype
One of my favorite music videos in youtube this 2017!
Those vocals are god-like
melody to my ears
Another banger from XAmbassadors...
eu hein.
this is amazing.
Damm this so catchy
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ come to Brazil PLEASEEEEEEEE
Love yalllll 😘😘😘
😌
like then watch!
love it love it love it
💟
Damn their amazing.
WOW!
This singer sings spectacularly!!!!!
this song needs more reconition
You Rock. Amazing!!!
Daaaammnnn
Love them!!
awesome 🙌🏼 love you guys ❤️
Live vocals, uhhhhh, eargasm
Thanks for such wounderful music❤🤗
Amazing.
love it love it love it❤❤
best
Wery nice work !!!!
Jonny Sins can sing too ?\nInspiration !
This is beautiful
Good!
💗💗💗💗💗💗
Yas queen slay
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!@!@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your voice😍😘😘😘😘
wow.
You remind me of Johnny Sins
AMAZING! ❤️❤️❤️
i love your videos omg lol
I love youuuu ❤️
What lippie are you wearing in this video. I'm obsessed 😍
The only person on YouTube I can watch on mute just bc I have to watch every video ! Just bc my son is sleeping next to me lol
QUESTION: I really hope there is a chance you see this! I'm going on my dream trip to Paris & I want to either get Hourglass Vanish Stick or Estee Lauder Double Wear for the trip. Lots of pictures and traveling all day - I know you said the Double Wear had flashback before but I've heard the new formula doesn't. I have combination skin, I want full coverage, and airbrushed for pictures. Thoughts??? Btw, I love you!!!
CASEY!! Please please please do a FALL CLOSET STAPLE PIECES VIDEO!!!! meaning, what are the STAPLE pieces you need to have in your closet for the FALL???  I would love to see a video about it! Love you beauty! great vid💕🙌🏼
Can you please do a review on the Victoria Beckham line? Not many youtubers are and I really want to know if it's worth the money
I would love to see what you think about the new Estée Lauder nude foundation! Please review this one!
Hey girl! I was watching your snap story and saw what seemed like you were at Bridal by Laurie, I was just wondering (probably a long shot) but if she still does Say Yes To The Dress and if you were filmed? Alsooo, you were wearing an Alaska USA hoodie and I was wondering if Davis was stationed in Alaska? Or if it was just from a trip there. I’m from a city with an army post in Alaska and I think it would be such a small world of Davis was stationed there. \nI’m so excited for your fall video because I swear like 4 years ago I started watching your fall video. Looove them ❤️❤️
Your eye makeup 😍😍😍
casey, you are the fall queen. Literally part of my fall routine, when i want to feel all autumnal I watch your videos!! love ya <3
I love when you do these videos you make me excited for fall :)
Can you please do a recent ride or die video and best recent foundations!!
Your makeup looks beautiful in this video
Any fall favorite hair products?
Love this video...🍂🍃🍂🍃🌻
Omg fall everything 😍
Olive booties at khols!!!!
OMG I wore Gucci guilty on my wedding day 👰🏼
Do fenty beauty REVIEWWWWWWWWWWWW PLEASE
OMG yes! i miss those sweater weather tags!
updated skin care routine?
Target has some great olive booties!😍
https://m.sephora.com/product/modernist-eyeshadow-palette-P392707?skuId=1621176\nThis pallet looks so pretty
Just fab has some olive toned booties!!
Primark has cute olive booties!
Nostalgia strong!!
Please do an update tanning routine tutorial please!!!
Can I get a vlog? I miss you! lol :)
I'd love to see a fashion nova haul ???? lol idk why but I trust youuuu
I just love you. :) always watch your videos on my lunch break
is there a tutorial for this look?! need to know what's on your eyes + lips!!
When is the wedding? Does anyone else know?? I want to use the same products she'll use and mine is in December
What kind of thigh high boots do you have? I have bigger thighs and calves too and have trouble finding some?
I got a pair of olive green booties from target and they are so cute! Here is a link if you would like to check them out.\n https://www.target.com/p/women-s-aubree-braided-booties-mossimo-supply-co-153/-/A-52204362#lnk=sametab&preselect=52134383
https://www.lanebryant.com/shoes-accessories/shoes/boots/P-10785. They have a couple of options for olive boots.
I'm living for those lashes!!
Look at Charlotte Russe booties! So cheap and so cute
Definitely miss these types of videos. Would love to see more of them from you in the future, love you so so much and I pray that you and Davis will last forever because y'all look so cute together!
I'm going shopping THANKS CASEY lol
LOVE LOVE LOVE THAT YOU DID A FALL ESSENTIALS!
another palette I love is the Natasha Lila palette
love this video.  please keep doing them.  we have similar taste!  thank you Casey!
Oh, Gucci Guilty. I got it for free when I worked for a magazine, and it was the only perfume missing from my vanity when my house was broken into a few years ago.
Casey, you're finally gonna experience your first fall! Fall in upstate NY is a hell of a lot different than fall in Georgia lol. Wishing you all the best bc i hate fall here. I just want it to be summer and hot and sunny again haha
You're the cutest! Love all your taste in clothes. My skin is like yours minus the rosacea so I always like to hear what skin care you are using. The panoxyl and First Aid Beauty scrubs were good recommendations!
Your fashion items are so cute! Forever 21 unfortunately is a no go for me after having a baby 😂😫
I was already really super excited for fall and then I watched this and I'm even MORE excited for fall!!!!! Thank you Casey!! Now I'm probably going to go to B&BW for candles... (when they're on sale of course) :)
Casi did you get married already?! 😊 that ring looks different ❤️
Anybody know what kind of ring she's wearing?!
I love your makeup look in this video!
I'm a big bootie person that's why I love Casey! 😊😊😊😊
Girl your so beautiful and talented! Love your videos :) been a follower for a while
It isn't Fall (in my world) unless a Leaves Bath and Body Works candle is burning.
make up tutorial on this look please!!!
thank you for doing older videos!!!! no one does them anymore- you are the only beauty guru left that is an actual beauty guru still!!! 😍
I seriously watch every single video Casey uploads.  They are gold. 👌🏼
I really enjoyed this video girl😘 you look beautiful!
Please do a Fall look book video 😍😍
Casey, have you tried the colour pop Yes! Palette? I've heard it's a dupe for the Natasha Denona sunset palette. Would love to see you do a comparison.
I love this kind of video!!!!
I'm in California and we havent gotten Fall weather yet and I'm salty bc I wanna light candles & drink pumpkin spice lattes but its too hot!!!!!!!
I live in Southern Louisiana so sadly it doesn't get cold here😅 but my fall essentials are definitely my denim jacket and all of my dark burgundy lipsticks🙌🏻
I need to go candle shopping!
Casey, check out Rue 21 they have some of the cutest booties
What lippie are you wearing I love it
Casey! There is a new skin care / makeup brand at Walmart called Found. It would be great for you to make a review of it!.
I'd love to see a self tanning video!! I can never do it without having streaks & I also can't get my back!!
Idk why but can't wait for you to get pregnant to see all you buy!!!!
Hey Casey! I am fairly new to YouTube and just started really getting into makeup. I started looking for tutorials on Mary Kay makeup because I signed up to be a consultant but I haven't seen anything on YouTube with people giving a first impressions or even a tutorial on the products. Is Mary  Kay something you've tried or would you ever try it? BTW I've been loving your videos very inspiring! :)
Where is her ring?
omg. I missed this type of video soooo much!! Please keep doing these!!! xoxx
What band is that???
Your video was super 👍👍👍👍
If I was rich I'd get all this lol
calvin kelin made some great thigh high boots last year.. link is included. I'm a southern girl with who lives by thick thighs save lives so these are the ONLY pair that ever fit my calfs or thighs ... my calfs are 16.5-17 around and thigh 24 inches I'm 5'7 oh i have the side and just ordered the leather but have tried both and yes they stretch but keep the shape\n\nhttp://shop.nordstrom.com/s/calvin-klein-polomia-platform-over-the-knee-boot-women/4486446?country=US&currency=USD&cm_mmc=google-_-productads-_-33067284389_-_-96751316&rkg_id=h-3d54b3f22f980b7aae3b6a3d24822196_t-1505628857&adpos=1o2&creative=145503081077&device=c&network=g&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIy4HUncir1gIViSaGCh0nRQCCEAQYAiABEgLJOPD_BwE
Love that lip color! Dying to wear thigh high boots! I understand the big-thigh-need-ties problem! 🙋🏼
I got my Olive Booties from Just Fab!!
They have olive booties at old navy 👍🏻
You should try JustFab for booties. They have an amazing selection, I get booties from them every fall. You have to subscribe 😒 but their quantity and quality is so worth it 👍🏻👢🍂
Fall is my favorite season. I love everything about it and I love fall YouTube vids!! All the favorites and the makeup tuts😍
Girl! Go to Kohls.com\nLook in shoes and filter for boots and the color green!\n\nKohls is the only place I've really seen olive boots!! 😘
omg I died when you were talking about the barefoot dreams cardigan. I am going to ask for one for Christmas and I was sooo skeptical at first but everyone raves about them! I think I might go for the robe though because I am lazy. Loved this video :)
Loving this style of vid Casey! More please.🙌💯My Fall essentials are: a Duster Coat, Olive Utility Jacket, a Baker Boy Hat, A faux Leather Beret, Cashmere Jumpers, Teddy Style Coat/Jacket in Forest Green or Tan, Biker style Suede Jacket in Mustard or Tan and anything Pearl Embellished! 🤗 I love the Leaves scent by Bath & Body Works and Sweater Weather but we can't get them in Ireland! Oh & L'Occitane Almonde Body Oil for the win.😘
Just saw a bunch of olive green booties at dsw today!!
when she held up the Nars blush & I thought it was a elf blush 😭
I love you Casey! 😂
Marshmallow Fireside is THE BEST!! I even use the wallflower in my closet😋Love Fall and all your favorites. 🍁💕💕💕🍁
I post three times a week and... I love fall 😂😂😂 AND IM DYING TO TRY THAT HOURGLASS FOUNDATION. 😭😭😭 That Nars blush has got me feeling some type of way too. I'd love to get some more liquid lips, but that's like the last thing I need. 😂😂
Seriously loved this video! I love fall.
I went to bath & body works last weekend and finally smelled marshmallow fireside for the first time and it smells soo good... I should have bought a couple lol
Girl. At the end of the year bath and body works has a sale for all three wick candles are 8.50. Yes you read that right 8 dollars and 50 cents!!!!!!! They normally limit you 15 per customer in store only. I went last year and I thought I was going to die.
Casey you seem so chill and awesome like I wish we could just hang out and go shopping one day lol
Yes.....keep doing these, don't mind the longer videos🙌🏼
I'm all about olive this fall too!!! Great minds girl! ⭐🍁🍂🍃🍂🍃🍂🍁⭐
OMG is it weird most of these are my fav things? I feel like we just became best friends 👯
Yaaaay for Gucci guilty 😍 it's so amazing 🙂
Fun and greatFall favorites video! Love Fall! Favorite season ever! Love seeing the leaves changing colors, drinking apple cider, pumpkin spice lattes, going on Fall foliage trips, and of course wearing more dramatic makeup!! ☺️👍👏💃🏿💄🍂🍁🌈
Does anyone know what the song at the end is? I can't find it ANYWHERE 😩
omg what song is that for the end?? i love it
Thought this was a Nintendo switch game...\n\nGuess not
Now *THIS* is an interesting modern Mario Party. I just hope we don't have the return of Day at The Races or any of the control stick spinning mini-games.
i like my mario party like i like my women\n\nwithout bumper balls
I think i know what this means\nMario Party finally has come to a point where it's just minigames
When is this coming to the nintendo switch?!?
But what about the eight player mini games, and that would be a great theme to bring back for Mario party 11. Not sure if anyone was a fan of the eight player but I loved having a lot of players at the same time and I hope all Mario party characters from past games show up that would be dreams
Can't wait for this to fail
i just wanted a Switch Mario Party game :c
Great! I truly LOVE mario party 9 though..its BRILLIANT
Might i just say that this is just genius?
Rest in peace, Hudson.  And thank you, Nintendo, for going back to some of the best elements of the Mario Party series!
Plush Crush?\nFlutter Shy?\nAlmost all the other minigames from Mario Party DS?\n\n\nW H Y D O E S T H I S H A P P E N
Just minigames? This sucks!
0:32 WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Sooo how about that online?
0:38\nwaluigi jerkin😂
They should add Mario Party to The Nintendo switch
Why no mario party on the SWITCH??????!!!!!!!!!!!
Mario Party Advance minigames or riot
Hahahaha
ONLINE PLZ
YOOOOOO THEY GOT CHOMP WASH THAT WAS MY GAME (Edit: They better have the soda one from Mario Party 8 too)
No it needs to be on the switch we don't have Mario part on switch yet
time for a real wario ware game though
that is so cool!
Every single time, I'll pick Yoshi
Sooo why isn't there a switch edition? Lol
I want the fun run minigame
Shut up and take my money!
I haven't bought a Mario Party game since Island Tour. I'm really interested in buying this.
That is a awesome game
I would have someone to play this 😍
top 100 o my god
No more crappy car from Mario Party 9 and 10, i want the original soundtracks and old party stages
I can't wait to play it, it look so much fun.
Your advertised party multiplayer console, the Switch, doesnt get the multiplayer party game......yeah right....
I wonder if you can use amiibo on this game
I NEED THIS GAME!
What about Mario party DS minigames you have to include Mario party DS like if you agree
N O S T A L G I A
I wish they still did games for Wii U :(
I hope platform peril is on here! !!
Any chance we can get a Mario Party for Switch? I'm really looking forward to one!
Gotta love the loads of people that have no idea what they're talking about.
Playable roster: probably the same as star rush's
Why not make a classic or as we say it: GOOD, Mario Party with the remade minigames on the Switch
As an owner of mario party 8, seeing crank to rank made me happy, but at the same time have veitnam flashbacks...\nmy arms just hurts thinking about it...
0:23 out of ALL THE GAMES TO BRING BACK
This should be on Nintendo Switch
Why not for switch too?
A game I can actually buy, and it looks good too... Ahhh, the nostalgia.
I am the best at the flag and the chain chomp
hey they should put this on the switch
I hope Bowser's Big Blast minigame is in there! 🙏🏻🙏🏻 so many memories😭 btw I started with mario party 2
make a game for Waluigi plz
Hopefully the boards are the gonig to the roots of party 1 2 and 3
Shut Up Dude and Watch This Video
This would be perfect for the switch
it would be nice if they port this to switch in the future
N64 classic edition?
Release this on Switch -.-. The 3ds is dead.
Mario Party 11 For Nintendo Switch! Who's with me?
Please oh PLEASE bring King of the Thrill from Mario Party 8
The rage that will come from the game
Wouldn't it be awesome if Koopa Kid made a return?
If we're being honest here, I agree with TheBitBlock that they should've done a poll for the community to vote.\n\nAlso, they should release this on both the 3DS and the Switch, because the 3DS version looks like it takes too many assets from Star Rush. Also, it's the 3DS, which has inferior graphics.
I better see Dungeon Duos in the game 😩
I think Hudson has the rights for the mechanics of the previous Mario Party Games (1 to 8)
what about Mario party 11 for Nintendo switch
I hope boo is a playable character
But you have to wonder\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHow did they choose just 100 minigames from Mario Parties 1-10?
Is it just minigames? Or is there boards too?
I want Aces High from Mario Party 3, who's with me?
Yo that suit Mario's wearing in the end, can he wear that in Odyessey. He'd look pretty snazzy :)
o my its looks amazing i am so exited ！！！！！！！！！！！！！
Some of these mini games are NOT worthy of the top 100. But I saw Bumper Balls, so all is forgiven. But I sure wish this was a Switch game instead. I'm still waiting for a Mario Party game that features every board, and every mini game from the entire series.
SO  THEY TOOK 10 MINIGAMES FROM EVERY SERIES (1-10)
Fight pub  yfucko
Why why for nintendo 3ds\nWhy not for nintendo switch >:(
Heat Stroke will be in this, calling it right now.
Come To The SWITCH. Thumbs Ups Boys / Gals... Thumbs Up !
love the idea..... but please on switch
yes!!!
I'm so exited Nintendo
And switch please
Thank you Nintendo
This is throwback!
No online play, huh?
RELEASE DATE??
Please Nintendo\nBring Back Butterfly Blitz, Manta Rings, Note To Self, Piranha Pop Star, And Mario's Puzzle Party!
Soooo Mario Party 11?
Nostalgia
Shoulda been on Switch.
Oh my god. They brought back Face Lifters. I can't wait for hideously deformed Bowser faces in glorious 3DS graphics!
NOOoOOOOSSSSSTTTTTaAAaAAAaALLLGGGIIAAaAAAAaAA
Yyyyeeeesssssss
Nintendo this is Awesome
Who is the blue dressed character?  She seems out of place.
Isn't Mario party a home console game?
Should I buy this game or ultra sun
My favorite Radiohead​ song. 20 years old, and finally released with a clever video that nods to the band's past. The set-up at 0:37 made me laugh. Poor Thom.
I love absolutely everything about this.
this a song that touched my soul as soon as I listened to it! Radiohead rocks!
Wow, what a beautiful, bittersweet song. I've been a huge Radiohead fan since early high school (like 13 years or so) but was not aware of this OK Computer outtake until now. So this is interesting, it's like a new song to me, even though it's actually not new at all.
I'll leave now this can't continue\nBut I forget which door I came through\nAnd I know that the lift can be painfully slow\nSo I think I'll leave by the window
He is A Creep\nHe is A Weirdo\nHe doesn't Belong There
Poor thom
EEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
NOAH - HERO  . best song
Damn. Seriously. Damn.
Thank you
Flawless Video
yazık lan adama
RADIOHEAD presente en los momentos que pueden marcar un recuerdo,  necesitas ayuda de algo para empezar a recordar.
que lleva en la bolsa empanadas ,  droga , su guitarra , una niña de la dip guep nadie lo sabra :'c
He kinda reminds me of him from Travis but obviously this guy still looks like a rockstar.
I still can't believe I'm watching a music video for Lift. I thought that this would never happen.
Thom is a ghost who is stuck in a lift!
did anyone else notice the number 13 on the elevator at 1:25 was upside down? lol
You can't avoid people forever, Thom. Inside an elevator isn't a good place to hide from people.
I do not know why this song reminds me Mayonaise (Smashing Pumpkins)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MElfYleGIVU
U must travel to the bottom if u want to find yourself
oh look another cool and deep thoughtful mv that I don't give a fook about!
Who else has seen that 13th floor is written uncorrect?
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
When i saw elevator open on toilet floor i like wtf lol
Where is the lift operator?
Can't tell if Thom Yorke or Thoros of Myr...
Makes me think about Dr. House, the video and the song.\n\nI don't know why
This viddeoclip, next to the lyrics of the song, seems to be a metaphor of life ... dont you think?
I thougt that de thumbnail was something from gary's mod
The end scene reminds me of the scene when Patrick Star wearing gorilla custome
they are totally going back to the bends era... hell yeah
Who else noticed that the number on the lift at 13 also went upside down and when he got to floor 01 it changed to OK very briefly.
Love this Pablo Honey's vibe you put into this song :)
Just take the stairs.
His soul is stuck in a lift
I want that jacket so bad
DMT trip in the lift
third floor is from her morning elegance?
What a cool video, a gift for Radiohead diehard fans! Loads of references to Thom's life and previous Radiohead music videos. Ones I picked out:\n\n00:20 Dajana (his girlfriend) and Agnes (his daughter)\n1:04 shopping trolley reference to Fake Plastic Trees video \n1:17 trees crawling in corridor reference to There There video   2:53Robin from Paranoid Android video goldfish scene\n2:57 dancers from Street Spirit music video \n3:13 floor no. 3 girl in bed on wall reference to Climbing Up The Walls from album no.3\n3:33 the lyrics  today is the first day of the rest of your days , possible reference to fear of growing old (&bald!) looking back at his life etc.\n\nMay be reading too much into those but I'm sure there's loads more. Still trying to work out the significance of the bald estate agents (reference to Phil?!) and the old lady with the purple coat...
3:34\nThe 01 on display above doors flashes and shows OK :)
if the gates of hell is an elevator door and the guy who would meet me inside is thom yorke, i would not hesitate to get inside.
What building is this?
he lives in that elevator
Been my favourite song for a few years now :)
I applaud the director for making a video we haven't seen before and not obstructing the serenity of the song.
This song is an aural piece of sheer magic for my ears, lol! So catchy and cool!
Did you notice the OK reference in the lift numbers when it reached the 01? \nThe album was going to be named zeroes and ones before being OK computer...
Even better, we had it when we're 40.
So basically, take the stairs.
strong
ELEVATOR
Me mola Radiohead!!
Thom Yorke is aging at 2x speed.
Radiohead... 💗
God how i love this guys
This was made in 1996 I knew it sounded to good to be made today.
Not bad actually.
Well, that escalated quickly
Me:
Bunhead - Elevator
Special Offer: Free apple iphone 7 GIVEAWAY 2017. Claim & Win 100 % free apple iphone 7. To successfully register and get a Complimentary iphone go to the google search and type: *givefonesaway*
1:39 One of the men,  were Phil Selway.
Felt like the winter soldier when all the business men came in the elevator.
good song. gentle but strong sound.
this is video art and the song is just 'elevator' music
radiohead is the best band  :)
I love you Radiohead.
I really love how this video looks like from the 90's or early 2000's , I was born in 1999 and i'm about to turn 18, I'm young but I prefer old classic rock music, instead of what today's people call music they don't know nothing.  I wish that people who lived teenhood during the 80's or 90's knew how lucky they are,  let's keep rock music alive everyone!
Radiohead is always good.  I was needed to hear this... thank you Radiohead. With love from Brazil. ♥
Did Thom do his own stunts for this?
He ain't in a lift, he's in a limousine. Lol
975 son de coldplay...
minute 1:26
nice jacket
Excellent video.
very nice
Radiohead and Hans Zimmer are working together on a track!
Nice.
I love the references to other music videos. Love letter to the fans.
Turkey 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
Ahh 💗
Hi
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
2:52 OMG is Robin from Paranoid Android
Mate what
Reminds me of Smashing Pumpkins
💕
Roblox the normal elevator boys.
90s radiohead is back
I wasn't reasy
awesome!!!!
Thanks Radiohead
OHMUHGODFINALLY
Oh I bet it's a lift to occupied and colonized territories of Palestine
the idea of this video is taken from russian band time machine
I'm confused...When was this song recorded, during the OK Computer session?
So overrated
why he got plastic bags instead of re-useabe shopping bags?
Congrats, o eternal one! But seriously, is there anyone with a sense of smell that can't smell asparagus?
No genetic disabilities? You have superiour genes! You should have kids, many kids. Your children will be a blessing for humanity. They will simply outbreet all those genetic diseases!
Could you do more videos with your sister? She's so adorable!
Over a 100 pounds? What's that in dollars?
idk y this became a trend
CONFIRMED! Emma's moving to Sweden! :D
It's awesome how people uses foolish methods because of they are out of ideas lol
I'm Swedish. Every Swedish like this comment. I want likes so I can be popular
EMMA I JUST HAD A THOUGHT (sorry, thoughts don't happen that often XD) I reckon it'd sound great if you did a cover of The Chain, by Fleetwood Mac ^_^
Im to scared to do this shit cause I have alot if health issues in my family and im like extremely mixed.
You don't become intolerant to dairy, we are always intolerant to dairy, it overwhelms our system.. our system just copes with the crap being in us. When you clean out the system it resent and if you have dairy after a long time the reaction your body has is the response it was always meant to have when given a toxin.. but sadly because dairy is in almost all infant formula and goes through breastmilk we come into contact with the crap from an early age and unable to tell the adults that shit hurts as..
The average british white person is about 37% anglo saxon, 22% celtic, 20% french and german, 10% scandinavian, 3% iberian and 2% italian and greek.
At the end when you said I am never gonna die, I thought you were going to add something like unless I get hit by a car.
Emma you are honestly my favourite YouTuber you're funny and beautiful and just amazing I wish I actually knew you in real life because I think think you're just awesome you're videos always cheer me up and make me laugh just thank you for being you 😊
Subscribed for a very very very very very very long time young immortal woman
Thought would be mainly Romanian.
Watch out for buses.
this was a rly funny vid emma good job
The thing about lactose/dairy... is that we SHOULD be intolerant to it. We humans are the only ones who consume dairy products in our adult life. Other milk-drinking-species, stop when they're out of infancy. \n\nSo Emma, you're lactose intolerance isn't weird :p
And there I was thinking you're DNA results were going to reveal you was EPICALLY AWESOME, joke. You already are.
Hey congrats on being officially a singer it was written in the metro that you were a singer who just happens to do youtube stuff on the side, and if you're feeling anything about the dna results, watchdog did a test on a dog dna company and well anything including the presenters were matched as being dogs and very specific breeds of dogs at that, so if you want to do one of those you'd get matched to be a dog, I wouldn't trust the results to mean anything, especially as they got very specific things like your earlobes wrong.
Hey, i just wanted you to know that when i watch your videos i get a sense of calm that i get from nobody else. I am bipolar and only discovered this recently but your humour is something i connect with on even the most basic levels and it has helped me overcome the drastic changes my life has taken since then. You are an awesome person Emma please keep doing what you're doing because even when you feel like you're doing shit you're still bringing joy to one up and down mess of a person and i cant thank you enough for that.
My DNA Test Results. I'm WHAT!?\nYou're an Apple superstar. What more do you want to know?
Can i make a request
Upload your zipped raw DNA data to GedMatch and MyHeritage now. They will be different to your 23andMe results. Also GedMatch is far more entertaining to me. Also did you get any bombshell relative discoveries?
Wouldn't Scandinavia be northeastern Europe?
Longer ring finger = male. [:E]  Actually your ring and index fingers are about the same size = feminine.
Hi I'm Scandinavian and I'm watching your videos
Our generation will live to 100
Emma, whats wrong with your neck? Loved the video btw
People experience digestive issues after having omitted certain foods due to bacterial changes in gut. You dont have to be genetically intolerant to bloat from lactose if haven't eaten it in a while... if you can produce the enzyme your body doesn't forget but you probably don't have sufficient bacterial used to digesting lactose and the bacteria you do have will struggle with it\n. Hence bloating. Give it a week or so of eating dairy and there will be more bacteria accustomed to lactose and then less digestive issues. It's all in the gut flora!!
100% European is the best result.
U can turn yr eyes like pennywise
You're going to die but that just means it will be your own fault
Lpyjuhukmm\n\nJlo
I had an ad for Ancestory before this XD
Not that I've ever done one of these massively overrated DNA tests, and most-likely never would unless it was some sort of bizarre gift... why is it as I watched this, it so reminded me of THIS movie: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119177/ :P\n\nEDIT: On a side-note, best highway-robbery money-scam ever... hey, for only £100+ spit in this test-tube we got from the surplus-shop, and we'll tell you your fortune all the way back to the dark ages!  (Saddest part is, this comes from somebody who's huge into science and used to think DNA sciences were quite cutting-edge...)
anybody else notice that Emma was on STV news? no? ok
I could've guessed all that from your nose alone
Okay, so... like I can't afford to do that, but from what you've found out we share a LOT in common. The preference for salty over sweet, freckles everywhere, ring finger longer than index, green eyes that aren't quite green.\n\nClearly we're separated-at-birth twins despite my being nearly an entire year older than you and only 25% European at best
Everyone who subscribes to the channel has a 1000 year love of their mother's father and their family and everything they want\nall you have to do is to have a cannon bone and smile
Nordic, not scandinavian lol. Finland was on the list: it's a part of the Nordic countries but not a Scandinavian country
You call that a lot of freckles?! Lol you should we my brother, he's more freckle than white
I actually went and researched on Neanderthals, fairly interesting. Turns out that they were very smart!
I didn't know it also showed your likelihood for terminal and horrible illnesses. I need to do this now lol
I'm a niggee
and then i just didn't exist😂😂😂😭
Its cool to be Scandinavian? What year is this?
Where does it say you're 14 % scandinavian? The only 14 % is 14 % BROADLY NORTHWESTERN EUROPEAN - which can be anything in North Western Europe. Including the british island, france, germany and scandinavia.
You are so comedic! I'm subscribing to you! 😂
It's not only skandinavian you forgot Russia 🇷🇺.........but yeah I'm pretty sure Russia didn't go on raids and...... yup your probably skandinavian .....
Emma, where did you get your shirt, I lovee it! Best wishes from Germany <3
Why does it matter so much if other Youtubers have made a similar video? If you wanna do it, you do it girl. If it's original- okay fab that's great. If it's not original- then okay still fab that's great!
She must be pretty thick to think she was completely British
Broadly Northwestern European doesn't necessarily mean Scandinavian though. It just means that the DNA could be from any northwestern European area including British & Irish, but it can't be confirmed for sure. It's more likely that that assignment is British and Irish instead of Scandinavian considering her already high British and Irish results.  \n\nMore info on the broadly assignment:\nhttps://customercare.23andme.com/hc/en-us/articles/212186038-Broadly-assigned-and-Unassigned-ancestry
Now that you mention it, I do see the neanderthal.
The asparagus thing is if your pee smells bad after you eat asparagus
I'm never gonna die!\n\n*hits Emma with train*\n\nJk I would never do that..\n\nI would hit her with asparagus instead :D
My family tree has been laid out on my mother's side for generations. Her family came to America from Germany in 1845. When I first got my Ancestry DNA test results, they didn't mention Germany at all! Then I noticed the results were derived from the information they gather about their other customers. So it is rather like going to a fortune teller 🔮 😂
Did she find out that she's white?
YOU WERE FEATURED IN THE APPLE SPECIAL
Adult humans are infact not supposed to drink milk by default thus your body wouldn't naturally produce the enzyme to deal with it. However if u've continually drunk it from childhood ur body has retained the production of that enzyme. So when u stop for a prolonged period your body sorta forgets coz it's not a default enzyme for adults ... thus u have trouble with lactose after
My top fave youtubers -including lovely Emma of course- have done these test now I'm really curious about doing my own DNA test. :P
i sent mine off about 2 months ago, bloody place takes age the latest said due to the hurricane your results will be delayed, i used my heritage for it and it was on offer at 69 pounds, cant wait to see what it says, as for yours that a lot of Neanderthal you have and very rare, means mostly your family has bread slowly over the 10s of thousands of year and stayed close to England.
100% European? Something to be really proud of!!!
You're an idiot for taking a dna test without truly understanding the implications of the test and its results. There, question answered
All womens´ring fingers are longer than their index, it´s a sexual characteristic that doesn´t change,
Whenever I see you now, I'm just going to think Neanderthal.
Not to be that person but the broadly Northern European could actually be British still. They just can't pin point what the Northern European is. It doesn't necessarily mean Scandinavia but it's possible
I have been watching Youtubers for years, and now I keep up with a lot less than I use to, but I still keep up with Emma Blackery, and Jenna Marbles because those two just do whatever they feel like doing and its so genuine, and satisfying.
She's like the perfect human
The moment I subbed: When I predicted that she was going to say: I'm gonna live forever a second before she actually said it :D
You think that's a lot of freckles?\n\n\nI'm ginger.
Emma ! Take care of a good own house, you will need it for a long time
So we have established that Emma is perfect?
Where do you get the spit test thing from? X
I got I got I got I got black man skin and white man skin inside my DNA
GOING VEGAN FOR 6 MONTHS MADE ME LACTOSE INTOLERANT TOOOOOOOO lol
I LOVE YOUR SHIRT!!!!
she's what
is she mad
Those aren't freckles though?
Pause the video at 0:07 hehehe
you are WHAT?! sickening
Your funny..   :)
Hi there fellow Scandinavian.
5:13 - 5:20 😂😂😂
Any army here?
Yeah, us swedes sniffed you out immediately. B)
100% European ? \n😴😴😴😴😴😴
POWER TO SWEDEN lol
No-one cares.
My swede sense tingles
You are aware that North Western Europe includes the UK, Germany and France as well, right? Not just Scandinavia?
I'm 100% European and .1% Asian/Native American. So I'm more than a person.
What the hell is a pound. Do you even Dollar?
DNA results come in:\nYour ancestry determines you're likely to start a YouTube channel.\n\nP.S. Your test is free if you make a video about this test.
Let's be honest, AmazingPhil was the first one that did this DNA test and that's because he got it free through his mums friend 😂
Your DNA test says yes you are a FREELOADER!!! Stop having people pay your bills LOOSER!!!!!
Sweat shop manufacturing trying to clean up its image with a woman that's got more stitches than a pair of jeans. Oh, this world is so predictable. Sell out celebs
I love this
no.
nope nope nope he ruined it
looll
This was less bad. DO NOT AUTO TUNE CHER! That guy cant sing at ALL!
Wait Future got paid for this?
They need to make a full track though
Who else just comes for the end every people future
Future pipping that dusty snatch.
Bro it's no way her voice that deep
Wait he cant sing and he didnt even try in the position of a person who can sing? So stupid how he is famous.
😂😂😂
I'M DONE.....this is so fucked up!....and so on, and so on, and so on
I like share.
Everytime I see this ad I can't stop laughing
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Sensational
YUKARI
Df
Cher THICK
I love Cher but why?
That beat in the beginning tho 🙌🎹
This ad has me wanting more..would love to hear them sing that entire song.
Cher THICKKKK
he sounds like a robot
Thank God this song is just a commercial looool. Thought I was watching a bad Sesame Street episode with these lyrics lol Who in the world let this ad happen? This is such a bad commercial all around! Most incompatible combination of artists, they're certainly not every day people, the beat is terrible for Cher's voice tone, and poor Future is just her autotuned hype man. You can tell they're not excited to be there lol When Cher sings my own beliefs are in my song, her eyes tell you this line is so stupid
The Music was pollution to my ear drums 😩
When's the mixtape dropping?
Damn her voice is deep af
She looks stunning than ever, this woman is eternal 💙
WTF !!!!! Hahahahha future
Omg I love this😍😍😍😍
Genius....
Lmao wtf is this though
Cher got the wagon
LOVE IT!! /
but why though.. lmaooo
Only here cuz Zaytoven made the beat
I can't stop watching this
she knew exactly what to do with that beat. cher is amazing !
This is autotuned to hell. I don't want to have to listen to their trashy voices everytime I watch a video.
Cher I love you!!!3!;;❤❤❤❤❤
This really is cringe worthy. Future sounds extra robotic singing next to Cher 😨 It just does not sound right!!
I think thier going to make good music together
Yikes. That did not work. Like, at all.
beat????
That entrance tho!!! Yasss Queen you betta werk!!! 😍😘❤❤❤
Mi Diosa tan bella😍
CHER ,THE GODDESS
Idol meets Icon...great marketing Gap. ❤️ it.
I don't know who the hell Future is but I feel like he doesn't even know the words to the song until Cher sang them and he just copied.
the king and queen of autotune
Cher got cake
so cringe, #neverbuyingfromgap
Whoever wrote this song needs a new job
Why isn't this a full song?
Two different generations combining making a masterpiece
Wow! Chad Michaels can sing to now
I read a comment about Gap bridging two generations together and I instantly thought although they sell everyday clothing they sfill keep it looking hip. I feel like Cher and Future were supposed to represent that that look. Yeah? No? Lol idk just a thought
all i see in this commercial are the first 2 seconds lol
I didn't know that Thing 1 could sing.
I can't believe this is the finished commercial - I adore Cher & I think they could have chemistry, but like this? No.
When I first seen this I was like wtf did I just watch.. now I'm loving this and need to hear a full version.
im not finna play future u better have gotten hella money for this.
Cher make another CD plssss
It's moments like this that confirms the theory that we're all dead but actually stuck into an alternate dimension.
Qué bonita Cher
DISCOMBOBULATING
Cher kinda thick
Future...you don't have auto tune naturally coming out your voice box bro.
future meet future (..she will never die)
What a great out-of-the-box pairing. Love this commercial.
WHO ELSE GOT THIS ON LOOP
No joke this bout to be a fucking challege....everybody remember the barney theme song and the little einsteins. I just can't. Shooketh.
THIS IS SO GOOD WTF..... and no i'm not trolling.... i LOVE good music
Where is the long form version of the song.
Love both of them.
Its obvious Future is paying tribute to the Godmother of autotune. Before Tpain and Future it was Cher. Those down south autotune rappers look up to Cher
People who hate on this commercial why go on this video and comment about it ?
LEGENDS
Cher went off!
WTF💀
Cher plz record this song!!!!
I LOVE THIS...CHER IS SUCH A COOL BEAN...AWESOME💋❤
someone send kathy griffin into chers attic to see if there is some dorian grey-esque painting up in there.
Who allowed this?
THIS WAS A BAD LOOK FOR FUTURE'S IMAGE AND WHAT HE REPRESENTS. YOU CAN'T JUST ACCEPT EVERY BAG OF MONEY THAT IS THROWN YOUR WAY. SOMETIMES YOU SHOULD SAY NO!!!
i have never seen, anything that was such utter trash........................not Cher, loved her, her voice was amazing love it, but dear god, remove future from this thing plzzzzzz xD lol
This may be the worst commercial of all time. I'd rather see Michael Jackson's hair catch fire.
Reminds of a typical scene from The Get Down
hahaha is this a joke?\nyuk, after the laughter subsided, I became seriously ill.\nI have been violated.  Help me i have been poisoned by this trash. \neerrrggghhhh wtf is this  disgusting crap?
She's not a really good singer she has a pitch in her vocals
That didn't at all sound like Cher and Future added literally nothing. This was just awful altogether. Cher looks like she's been molded out of melted plastic.
Cher is Dope! Future in this Ad....Ummmm NOT! I just don't like Dude! But, Cher All Day!
Chad Michaels doing really well for himself
Do you believe in lean after love 🎤😭
She sounds like a dude
I came here from a different  video because I thought future was singing  with a transgender  woman  🤦🏽
This is so fucking cringey.
Robert the doll? Saw the Travel Channel doc about it, and that face still creeps me out to this day.
Is that my boy robert the doll in the thumbnail ?
This looks INCREDIBLE. I've loved Lore since the beginning and to see it brought to life like this is a dream come true. I can't wait!
I have been a LORE fan since the start, this just gave me infinite goosebumps!!!
OMG! Holland Roden!!!!❤️ love herrrr
I will watch Lore for Holland Roden
WHO'S HERE FOR HOLLAND??!!
This looks like what American Horror Story should be.
thought it was going to be good but then saw the producer of the walking dead was involved
Will there be a series about Creepypasta or The SCP Foundation next?
I saw Robert the doll in key west
So excited! I love his podcasts!!
Love the podcast, been a subscriber since day one.  Have all his books and can't wait for this!
Ahhhhhh!! I've been listening to the podcast for a year and it's HERE I'm so pumped! It's so good to hear his voice and even the original music!!
Lore and channel zero  new episode coming soon 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🙂😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🙂😃🙂😃🙂😃🙂🙂😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😄😃😃😃😃😃🙂😃🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
Nuts to that Robert the doll story. Scared the hell outta me.
looks like a movie about memes
This his real if you take a picture of Robert with out permission he will hunt you for your life until you died I'm not joking.
get maximum social exposure on YouTube - u2bzone(dot)C O M
Yes, finally some video that is not region blocked. Keep it like this!
Where is the no sleep podcast show?
Yo why does Aaron sound different
Look sick.
omgggg this looks amazing
The Black Mirror of Amazon :)
Queen Holland slaying as usual
https://www.gofundme.com/4esiwu8
Robert!!
WANT 😍😍😍
Yessss!!! I love these creepy shows
Nice Love the podcast
Looks good! 🙀👏🏻
<3 <3 <3
Please come to Netflix
SO FREAJKINGRSFDF PUMPEDGRFGA!!!!!!!!!
Exciting!
😍😍😍
Can anyone tell me which 6 episodes these stories are adapted from the podcast?
Im a simple person\nI see the Robert doll\n*I click*
Hah, Cathal 'the GOAT' Pendred!
(Build your house with Jesus on the rock and you will never sink, that's IF we continue to Keep his Commandments, we will bear MUCH FRUIT!):\n\n(Jesus):\n\nAbide in me,\nand I in you.\nAs the branch\ncannot bear fruit of itself,\nexcept it abide in the vine;\nno more can ye,\nexcept ye abide in me.\n\n(John 15:4).\n\n***For the branch to produce more fruit, it must abide, which means to dwell, to stay, to settle in, to sink deeper. The way to abide in Christ is to OBEY.\n\n***(John 15:10)<---If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.\n\n***(1 John 3:24)<---And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.\n\n***The believer who lovingly OBEYS the Word of God produces much fruit.\n________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus will manifest himself unto you, if you LOVE HIM by KEEPING HIS COMMANDMENTS):\n\nAt that day\nye shall know that\nI am in my Father, \nand ye in me, \nand I in you.\nHe that hath my commandments,\nand keepeth them,\nhe it is that loveth me:\nand he that loveth me\nshall be loved of my Father,\nand I will love him,\nand will manifest myself to him.\n\n(John 14:20-21).\n\n***As the believer lovingly OBEYS Christ Commandments, he or she will experience a more intimate knowledge of Him.\n_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(If you LOVE Jesus YOU WILL KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS): \n\n\n(Jesus): \n\nIf ye love me, \n\nkeep my commandments. \n\nAnd I will pray to the Father, \n\nand he shall give you \n\nanother Comforter/HOLY SPIRIT, \n\nthat he may abide \n\nwith you for ever.\n\n(John 14:15-16). \n\n***(Acts 5:32)<---And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom (God) hath (given to them) that (obey him).\n\n_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n\nBut as it is written, \n\nEye hath not seen, \n\nnor ear heard, \n\nneither have entered \n\ninto the heart of man, \n\nthe things which God \n\nhath prepared \n\nfor them that (((LOVE HIM!)))\n\n(1 Corinthians 2:9).....
Oh interesting I thought AMC was picking up the show.
Honestly dude perfect should make a video with Stephen Curry
Do soccer school and garden work stereotypes
I really like your tricks so much 😎😎 you all are awesome person i just want to meet you but i am an indian and in india all my friends and me also just talk about you only  😂 i just want to say that you all are awesome  \nLots of love just make videos like this only 😎😎😎😎😎😎
Am i the first comment
New series idea:\nBros vs Pros\nYou 5 do trickshots in a sport against professionals in that sport like if you agree
I really want to meet ty like if you do to
Every body bare with me I think they should do potato gun trick shots . Who else is with me if so like the comment
Video idea:soccer trick shots with Real Madrid \n\nLike if you agree 👍⚽️❤️
Subscribe to us and we will subscribe to you :)!!
Awsome trick shooting dudes
Bouncy ball trick shots
Pool stereotypes
U makes all impossible tricks possible.  \n\nIf agree then like
Boomerang trick shots would be good as
Could you please do thumb chuck trick shots 🙏
where is the panda
Why is this on my trending list? Youtube has officially turned into an infantile shitposting center.
Everyday as I watch these awesome people I'm always wondering how long and how much time it actually takes these dudes to try all of this !!!
you should film with steffon digs or mike tyson
Guys also subscribe to my youtube channel Name of the channel is ZJ s channel
nice vids my baby bro love ur vid it is like all he watches
Dude Perfect I Highly Recommend You Guys Do QC Airplane Mãgo XZ Edition Trick Shots Please!!\n\n- Eric Cook The Dude Perfect Fannie -\n\nMean While Dude Perfect Fannies What If Do You Leave Like In My Trick Shot Recommend Pattern You'll Choose.\n\n- To All Other Dude Perfect Fannies -
Am I the only one thinking how this bow is powerful enough to break through a glass bottle, and kids will shoot each other with it.
Tyler's face while the egg broke was priceless $$$$
How have these guys not shredded their larynxes with that much screaming?
Sometimes these guys sound so depressed lol
Your the best DP! You should do a video with Jordan Spieth.      You're awesome, Thx
Can you do archery and dart trick shots
Who is panda we all want to know
You should a trick shot video with The Pocket Shot!! Like if you agree 👍🏻\n\n\nEdit: If you don’t know what The Pocket Shot is search it up.
Can you give a shout out to GBC trick shots
I have a youtube channel that is y i am asking
Love your videos, you should do a closet or bedroom trick shot video! Subscribed on every account (I have 3).
Can y'all get this channel to 100 subscribe please and on instagram @x_men_trick_shot
Every one hates my idea😭☹️😥😪trampoline trick shots but water ballon trick shots is stupid
Where do i buy those bows !!!!
Check out BNTR a big family with a big dream
Please do a correction tape flip shot
I love the add it said Dude perfect
hey dudes you should do a dirt bike race
dude perfect is the best
I've seen them on nickelodeon
Dudes!!!!!! WHY HAVE YOU NOT ZORBED PERFECT YET!  get some zorbs!!!!!!!
Dude perfect your awesome cool and soon can you do a video of fan mail because I have a little something for you
Nobody on YouTube can say they made it other than dude perfect
or all sports golf battle 2
the high speed gong ringer what the fuck that was amazing
I love this show and them❤❤❤
Dude perfect I'm 6 and some one Stoll my x Maxx can I have yours please I want another one please
maybe you should look at the comments and pick a special person and they could come to the DP building
That bow seems quite powerfull yo start practising some bow skills...
Ok I know it takes many tries but still I can't imagine doing some of that with a year to try.
Do a mini basketball trick shots video
I want one now
I love your videos!
U guys need to do a soccer face off like crossbar challenge or 1v1
Where is the fancy video editing where you show the path of things?
I'm mad they don't aplood
What is the Nerf gun called
Do a vid with the Balls
Do a edition with pro golfer Jordan Speith he is from dallas like you.
congrats on your 14-15 millions views
Do forget spinner ping pong trick shots!
Sub to BARRON BOY
super
Idea for Video:SCHOOL STEREOTYPES
Magnet trick shots plz
I already sub.
please please
like that
Fucking fake bitches
qua hay
I got I dued perfect basketball goal
good
duDe perFect\n  can u plZZ do hokkaH triCkS..
looks like such fake shit
cool😎😎👍👍👍
Alright 22 mill... WHOS THE PANDA?!??????
M
That was awesome!!!!!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ohhh
PLS do bowling trickshot 2
Add me on snapchat and Insta @isabellerose862
i hate you
play soccer
Pool trick shots 3!
Awesome bro
Cool video
Video idea: airsoft trick shots
dude perfect! plz do pencil trickshots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do trampoline trick shots
Yes, panda!!!
Video idea .Trampoline tricks
Make go kart stereotypes plz
You are awesome dude perfect
You guys rock
Do freestyle scootering
Dude pefert one of yall live in frisco dallas
Do a NBA 2k 18 stereotype
For people who don't understand the meaning he saying being broke made him rich spiritually when your broke your humble and God wants a humble and broken heart
Get this song on the billboard top 30
I thought King Los was ft on this 🔥🔥🔥🔥track
There's no competition with Lecrae and Nf they're both brothers in the faith enjoy the diversity. Let's build up the kingdom and encourage each other together
Imagine if you never drank,  never smoked,  never cussed,  never committed adultery,  never coveted,  never lusted..  But you went to hell for judging people that do.
KINGDOM MUZIC IS THE MOVEMENT BY BRYANN TREJO....IN JESUS NAME
Who else is in this song if this is all lecrae then he got a lot better always good but better!!!!
I feel like Lacrae has lost his faith. the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.
man open yall eyes please, HE TOOK HIS EYES OFF OF THE MESSIAH. LISTEN TO KB's NEW SONGS. THEY ARE SHOT BUT HE's not saying anyones name but we know he is talking about. I PRAY THAT YALL UNDERSTAND THAT LECRAE TALKS ABOUT MONEY NOW. THATS IT.
I was the flyest broke nig on da  block lol
I think this song is going to be on repeat for a while in my house!
Please give us a video clip!!
If YouTube had a ❤ button!
this song spoke volumes to me. 💪
When is the album coming out?
Theres alot of truth here. Gotta have less to appreciate more. When I think of lives appreciated and replicated its the ones that had humble roots. Ears like a good hustle up-strength story.
so after a year this song gets released.
y'all crae, no pun intended. he ain't talking bout being rich with money. lecrae is contrary to all of the a list rappers rapping about stacking money and material wealth. The message of christ is there, his joy and immeasurable riches in Christ are not defined by his material possession. and when you have nothing distracting You, christ is easier to have a relationship with, hence the hook BEING BROKE MADE ME RICH it's metaphorical. please stop judging this man heart. keep it up crae. Awesome message.
Where is giving the most high glory
If everybody eating that's a good night!
this is my fav nf song!
I need a video for this crae!!!!!
I heard this at motion conference in Alabama
After listening to this song, I am not too expectant for the upcoming album. I've BEEN listening to Lecrae, and have been defending him for quite some time now, but this whole reaching the lost with my music thing feels like an empty line now. This song is basically a plain HH song about how the struggle made him rich/strong. There's a difference in being relatable, and being relatable with a hopeful message attached to it. Will be praying for my brother.
Dayum this shit slaps !! Been a fan for years and I know what your up too man 🙏 Have God beside you and rip hip hop to a new core !
Being Broke made me know what Love is...\nWhen my girl had my back\nWhen the devil tries to break us apart\nI always had her back\nEven when she broke my heart\nI still never hurt her back.\nBeing broke made me Rich In Love...
Everything Lecrae is coming out with is awesome!! These songs talk about similar content like in his past songs. I don't know why people are like Oh Lecrae is turning away from Christ. No he's not, he's reaching to others unreached. The man has Roots deep in Christ. He makes great songs, don't be Lukewarm in your faith and try to bring down a brother in Christ. We should adhere to encouraging him, don't throw shade on Lecrae. You got support from me 100% Lecrae Keep Up the Work Man! You My Brotha!!
I was waiting for this one to drop. *Chance The Rapper voice* Good God! 🔥
Just a suggestion. Lecrae should have the song sped up like 10% and sing the hook himself. This dude voice been off since Sideways
Here are the lyrics [King Los:]\nBeing broke in this thing don't sit right\nDo it for my folk, tryna get by\nI came through the struggle with my head high\nYou being broke think you know what it feel like\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\n\nGotta keep the stove hot so it cook right, if everybody eating that's a good night\nHeaded to the lost why I took flight, the hard times made for a good life\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\n\n[Lecrae:]\nNever fell in love with the Coco, Never had to hold up the store with the .44\nNever had the door kicked in by the feds while I'm laying in the bed on the bread that I'm gon' blow\nBut I do know what it feel like to go to school with the knock off shoes\nEating free lunch, tryna act all cool, boy you better know that we paid our dues\nNever would I trade that, nah, 'cause it made me better, it could have made me bitter\nCan't buy that struggle, can't name no figure, but it made me richer\nBeing broke made me rich, and being low made you quit\nBut being low made me high, take time if you want this\n\n[King Los:]\nBeing broke in this thing don't sit right\nDo it for my folk, tryna get by\nI came through the struggle with my head high\nYou being broke think you know what it feel like\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\n\nGotta keep the stove hot so it cook right, if everybody eating that's a good night\nHeaded to the lost is why I took flight, the hard times made for a good life\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\n\n[Lecrae:]\nMoney may have made me me richer, but the struggle got me richer than I ever been\nLearn to hustle, use ya' muscles, learn to grind and keep ya' mind up on the future, man\nWe came out the trenches, government assistance in the beginning\nKeeping cans for the pennies, we saving that grease after dinner\nNow they counting all my pennies, counting all my figures, all up in my business, man\nNow they watching what I'm spending, wonderin' what I got, and wonder how I get it, man\nI was bought before I had a dollar, being empty handed made me stupid rich\nRich in loyalty, can't pay that lawyer fee, but it's all good\nThat's why I pitch it in\n\n[King Los:]\nBeing broke in this thing don't sit right\nDo it for my folk, tryna get by\nI came through the struggle with my head high\nYou being broke think you know what it feel like\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\n\nGotta keep the stove hot so it cook right, if everybody eating that's a good night\nHeaded to the lost is why I took flight, the hard times made for a good life\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich\nBeing broke made me rich, being broke made me rich
Another great song. It lit.
Lecrae ur music has kept me from doing so many bad things. Thank u lecrae for being there. I'll see u in Knoxville. It's gonna be lit 🙏🙏🙏
Wish he would have put God in a verse to shout out to him for bringing him out of poverty. Although Crae is a rapper who doesn't like the Christian Rapper title, he is a Christian and when I play a song of his, I do expect to hear something with Jesus in it. On KB's new song Monster, he shouted out Reach that all they albums have the Master on them. So, def would of liked to hear more bars about God on this song. I like the beat and the flow but could have used some more lyrics about the One who blessed him with his success. 👊🏽🙏🏽👆🏽🙌🏽
Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly, teaching and admonishing one another in all wisdom, singing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, with thankfulness in your hearts to God. And whatever you do, in word or deed, do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him. -Colossians 3:16-17
THIS SONG WILL CAUSE FIRE!!!🚬🚑🚔🚒
yes be broken by God  made me rich. Delivered and blessed.
I liked it. Keep the hard work on going Lacrae. Peace for every one...
He said Free lunch .. being low made you quit.. being broke made me high.  LITTTTTTTTTTTTT
Lecrae u the man ... love u my brother
I love lecrea but I don't like his photo.. it looks scary
Man my boy really knows how to make some music
Yo I'm a 16 year old artist and I have a chill song I think y'all would like! Thank you for checking it out, looking for feedback! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UW-cMnxwUT4
WooooW!!! That's a CLEAN execution! Nice one Bro!!!
Lecrae has changed due to his label. They want him to crossover and talk less about God, bible and everything has to do with Christianity. Columbia Records own him. Wake up and he not a Christian rapper no more.
I'm glad that this album and song have come to me during such a difficult time. I'm 16 and I don't mean to sound whiny but our family is pretty broke right now, to be honest. Our financial struggle has held me and everyone else back from so many privileges and needs for half of my life and it gets extremely frustrating. I can totally relate to the part where he says eatin free lunch tryna act all cool. But regardless I know that ALL THINGS WORK TOGETHER and that I can still count all these BLESSINGS and that being BROKE materially has made us abundantly rich in better areas. For those of you think that Lecrae is losing his touch and that his music is not as truthful and impactful as it used to be, I assure you that he is still relating to a lot of real-life struggles and inspiring so many people, including me. It's HAMMER TIME, baby!!
I think I need Lyrics.. this might be the first song Lecrae ever dropped that I didn't like. so I must be missing something
just from his interviews I think he is backsliding a bit ..he has to make it clear he is a man of God.. and not say he a hip hop artist because some of his early fans know him as a christian rapper ..I'm just saying..
is it just me or is there an ad-lib that says f*ck em at 1:52
Boi-1da x T-MINUS x Kromatik legendary trio in game right now
I was bumping this song on my speaker via his YouTube concert preformance. I was so happy to see that it has officially came to YouTube
When he says rich, he doesn't mean money, he says in a live performance about rich in character and loyalty to God
your my favorite rapper of all time
Bruh this is super hard. Got me motivated to grind harder.
I been having some financial situation this week and this song is just great motivation to get me thru it 💪
Wtf how can this only have 150K views
I can see why this video has 7k likes
Lawd!!🔥🔥🔥
love this guy
Jesus made him rich
Go Lecrae!!!!!!!!
Nice!
💵💵💵💵💵
🔥
1:53 f them
love this song
3 Days to go till ATWT
💯🔥
dope
🇧🇷
Love this... Next lecrae\n\nhttps://soundcloud.com/emmanuel-kinoshi/love-is
🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥
Hi
#Lit
1000 comment
Amen, All Things Work Together...Romans 8:28
Lecrae is the GOAT
Fire Imoji
😍😍😍❤ ❤❤❤
Very nice
soopah wavyy
Yoooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! So dope
Can't stop
Pop! Pop!
This is awesome!
Lit
👌👌👌
https://youtu.be/NdhfsPRM3po
Damn, Crae back
Proud of you crae.
whoa
This beeeeeeat 😲
????
#Sucribete en mi canal y activa la #campana\n#APOYOURBANO Apoyando los nuevos talento.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNehKKBJFwtWgcbbShYEcGA?sub_confirmation=1
This shit fresh
🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why my nigga lecrae keep dropping singles hopefully the album still slap.
Anyone thinks that this is a Song that glorifies God in any way or that this is a Christian artist, you are very easy prey for this wolf.
Everybody's saying things like Lecrae has changed and Lecrae isn't a Christian rapper any more. That's incorrect. If you read his autobiography, Unashamed, you'll know what he's trying to do. He still gives glory to God while bringing quality content to the public, but since anomaly, hes trying to do it differently. He wants to reach out to everyone. Not just born-again Christians. He wants to minister to the people who need to be ministered to. If all he does is write raps that only Christians listen to (which is amazing. I love all of his old stuff too), than he won't be reaching out to the non-Christians and those that aren't completely devoted to Christ. Jesus hung out with the sinners because they are the ones that needed salvation. Lecrae is trying to reach out to the unsaved because they are the ones that need salvation. So cut him some slack. He's still an amazing rap artist who produces quality content  while spreading the Gospel and giving all glory to God.
Kick It Out seem to think he has a small penis... who's the racist there??
How can you fuck the lyrics so bad? Its:\n\nRomelu Lukaku\nHe's our belgian scoring genius\nWith a 24 inch penis\nScoring all our goals\nBellend by his toes
And now the thought police want to ban it. Ironic since the song refers to his Big Brother.
Lool who comes up with this stuff
So this song is Racist then? Then so is The  Film,, White Men Can't Jump coz, it more or less says white people are shit at Basketball. 😂 Get a Grip!
I see the passion to stop this song but do fuck all about nonces and rapists the world has gone fucking mad
how is this racist?  any bloke would love to have that song sung about him, chill out people for fucks sake!  I bet Romalu himself has had a good laugh about this.
They ain't saying 24inch penis it's really he's a football genius!🤣🤣
Brilliant song, great tune....just change the 'penis' line for something all the PC Twats will approve of and we're on a winner.....\nAnd he's sponsored by Adidas.....or.....As his goal tally increases.....or.....And he makes us all delirious.....or.....But we can't mention his penis......
No black guy gives a fuck, about someone singing he's got a big cock, that's not racist, I've been called all kinds trust me.
Haven't Kick It Out got anything better to do? Useless PC wasters
How exactly is this racist?  If folk were singing that i had a huge cock i would be cool with it and just let them believe it.  Whats next accusing someone of being racist because the squeezed a blackhead?
pretty gay tbh
Ngog ngog, ngog ngog ngog\nHe tooks his cock into his sock\nNgog, ngog ngog ngog
Stoned Roses :-)
Hope yll still cool when he starts fuckin ur bitches
what's this a remix of 😂😂😂
It's really cringy
Fuckin manc cunts.
Fucks sake, if a bunch of blokes were singing about me having a massive penis I can't say i'd be screaming blue murder like some soft arsed pathetic wankers are, has anyone actually asked him what he thinks or are people being offended for him?
How is this racist towards Belgians?
The problem with fans, is they generally don't think they're racist. They think it's OK to shout racism at a black guy, because they also make fun of Stephen Gerrard.\n\nWell, you're not making fun of Gerrard's race are you. You're making fun of decisions he has made (ie. joining Liverpool). Things he has control over
Yes it is racist. I don't expect white men to give a shit though, they'll just cry, 'but I didn't mean it in a racist way!'. \n\nIn short, it perpetuates the stereotype that black men have large penises. This stereotype comes from colonial logic that the black man was subhuman, closer to ape than human and thus was better suited to heavy work loads involved with slavery. \n\nThere are literally experts on racism who will tell you this. But everyone thinks they're entitled to a half-baked opinion. Sorry unless you have a degree in race-relations I ain't fucking with your internet-assembled opinions on racism.
Thank you guys SO MUCH for sharing and getting my last TWO videos on trending!!! I CANNOT EXPRESS THANKS ENOUGH!
0:13 AHEM I HAD A HEART ATTACK THAT WAS LOUD
Loving these Halloween prop video partners !🤣 who else?
I love how September is both the start of Halloween and Christmas for me \n(Orchestra people would understand)
Please do some Coraline characters sometime soonish!!
Either I'm first or the comments didn't load yet... We'll never know.
YESS LEX! This video made me laugh! XD oh yeah, there's a little something coming your way realllll soooon!
This was amazing, as always. I love trying to recreate your looks with cheaper stuff but I might be buying some body paint soon and I'm very excited!
Not in the basement 😂😂
Jenkins looks so freaked out by the Lexorcist 😂
I swear every time u do a voice over in a video I feel like ur sitting in a spinning chair talking while spinning on it. Am I the only 1????😂✌🏼😜
I left a Kenny deaths (south park) compilation for this WORTH IT
wow jenkins looks so good 😍😍
I love this channel so much! And wow, the makeup is so cool!
Love u Lex😍 u inspire me I was diagnosed a type 1 I think 3 years ago now😂 and I got really depressed 😔 but I started watching ur vids and it made it ok so thank u 😊 thank u for being my mentor  and  helping me with the problems of being a diabetic 😊
Bajeebua how are you so pretty im CRYING MY POOR GAY HEART CANT TAKE IT
OH JENKINS HOW I'VE MISSED YOU. YOU DID GREAT BUDDY.
I love watching your videos so much. when you yelled stitches tho😂
Rick Sanchez is that you
Bro I love these 😍 Finished my AP Calc homework real quick for your video!
No but Lex in all seriousness when are we going to see you you're mad scientist because I love her almost as much as I love old lady Lex
I love this type of videos ( ＾∀＾)
These videos make my day a million times better, oh my god!!
Love you madeyewlook so much love your make up tutorials your creative and so amazing 💕💕💕💕💕💕💯✌✌💕💕💕
I never realized how big he is? In other videos, he looks so much smaller. PERSPECTIVE!!
Aww poor Jenkins! He's so camera shy! Bless his soul!❤️
You should do live streams on periscope
I love you! Please notice me ❤️❤️❤️
you're always so amazing and talented, Lex! 🖤
I love your energy 😄...
I love u <3 do you want to be my girlfriend ?
These make me so happy!
WHY ARE YOUR VIDS AMAZING!!!! I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
