These people are so extra!
I'm so sad I had a normal audience when I saw IT (no pun intended)
If I'd paid good money to watch a film the last thing I would want is people fucking around focusing my attention away from the screen
it real reaction? this movie was boring!🤔🤔🤔🤔🤡
This was me the first time I watched it when it first came out I was jumping for everything the whole theater was screaming when the movie ended everybody started clapping
I was actually gonna get tickets to this ,but I didn't .It was an immersive screening (4d) so the people were probably more scared by the clowns coming in and out of the room ,than the actual film. (Ive watched the film I like it,it's alright)
For the people who said this movie wasn't scary. I'm just wondering what kind of horror movie that scared you the most?
this makes me not want to watch the film.
lol some of them were crying
Dumb mother fuckers acting stupid at the movies. Fuck that
Faker than a three dollar bill.
It's not that deep lol
i thought it was a good comedy...
This was in peckham na no black ppl
i would say: mission completed my dear film makers.
People are pathetic
This movie is amazing and kinda scary but not that movie will make you scream or cover your eyes i can tell this is fake\n\nIm 17 btw
Shit, those are some good actors!
que falsooooo se nota que es actuado además la película fue lamentable no da miedo
У нас в России угорают только.
que pendejos estan estos
This lying dude is back
Fake af
Wimps.
It is spooky!
Bertie Gilbert and Savannah @0:21
many idiots
27 seconds clown spotted
Bertie Gilbert at 0:21
stupid
Fake as fuck
BEST MOVIE OF 2017
Vja https://youtu.be/wHTOUnwGIms
Pussyas
ХВвахвхвхававхавххв ниче так0)
Why does pennywise sound like Scooby Doo? 😳
wat a bunch of fucking pussies
Mortals LOL
Bullshit
THIS IS ONE TRENDING WELL DONE QUEENS 😍😘
That ending make my heartbeat jump from Everest Peak to Dead Sea in a second
This song is giving me life!
Wait.... Is Pentatonix on a thing anymore 🤔
JANET FROM THE GOOD PLACE AHHHH
THE ENDING BOIII. amazing song love love love 😂❣️❣️
UMM EXCUSE ME ITS ILLEGAL TO BE THIS AMAZING
It's gay's band or what?
On repeat love it
Tag ur self I am the music
UGHHH these music videos and songs are so lit I'M OBSESSED
wait but did they actually plan to kiss? bc the 'haha I cant' was way to real😂
The ending... just...ouhhh! great video!)
❤️❤️❤️😍 idk but it reminds me of sense8 hahahah, i know its too far hahahahah, deez is one of my favorites in part 2\n- @estrada.ci
I was very unprepared for the plot twist i’m not okay????????
Bruh I can't believe you guys know Janet
OH MY GOD ITS JANET FROM THE GOOD PLACE I LOVE THIS VIDEO ALREADY AND THE SONG HASNT EVEN STARTED YET
They really played tf out of us towards the end!!!
THE ENDING HAD ME SHOOK
When they turned away, I literally started weeping, anyone else?
I love Mitch but please I hate that mustache😂😂😂
I love the ending so much. With the story being conveyed, I was thinking, Oh, at the end, they are going to kiss and it's going to be a stereotypical star crossed lovers thing. I love Superfruit but couldn't they be more original? Boys, you are so original. Best plot twist.
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE BARTENDER?!
Who wanted them to kiss at the end!?
This is my fave SuperFruit video so far. <3
I’m kind of pissed I actually thought they were going to kiss at the end
Omg it's Janet from the good place!
4:43 here we go again😄
Love it. Very nice.
Tag yourself I'm the bartender
Oh my god she's trending!
DAMN u two with that last scene xDDD
I love your Videos :)
OMG guys I love you so much! <3
THIS IS LIKE A LONG-ASS 'GETTING TOGETHER' FANFIC WITH A CLIFFHANGER AT THE ENDING
Tag yourself, I'm the bartender in the middle of them both at 4:43
This is my favourite so far. I always come back to this video and can't get the song out of my head :)
WHY CAN'T SCOTT BE  MITCH'S DATE❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😍😍😍😍😍
THIS VIDEO WAS AMAZING, OKAY BITCH YALL DID THAT
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS VIDEO
So proud of you guys 😭❤
THE LAUGH AT THE END NO U MUST KISS
The intro. How many takes?  It's so funny
This video is really good. Choreo is really good.
wow this is on #35 trending in india
It is wonderful😍\nBest birthday present 😊\nThanks💕
Keep it up I love these videos
You Guy's belong together😭😍
This is officially my favorite song by Superfruit!
Super Fruit's love letter to each other.
Mitch and Scott are just telling us they're getting married
SCOTT AND MITCH IS GETTING CLOSER NOW. GET THE SHIP OUT ON THE DOCK CAUSE ITS ABOUT TO SAIL BITCHES!
IT'S THE BEST SONG I'VE EVER WAS LISTENING TO
This is sooo gooooood!!!! The video!! The song oooooooo i dare to say that this is my favorite one next to bad 4 us 😆
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Janet from the good place AHHHH
Uh my name is not Leo my name is scoTT lmao
Can't believe my babies are trending!
👉  SO AWESOME😂😂😂!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THE INTRODUCTION!!!!  👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
This band need to make a Juicy Fruit commercial.
JANET!!!! Does this mean they are in the Good Place? Where are their sole mates? Hehehehehehe ;-)
They're monsters!!! They can't keep doing this to us
I'll take the bartender, thanks.
I love the diversity, it's not just skinny white people like it is in a bunch of other music videos... Love this song <3
Mitch looks like a bollywood star
I’m waiting for anyone to make a GIF out of Mitch’s reaction in 2:54
I suddenly despise the fuck out of plot twists
Mitchy looks so fine so does scotty the acting the expressions the dancing the shots the clothes the aesthetic the humor the song EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS IS ONE WORD I C O N I C
I feel awesome because Mitch and I have the same birthday and also who else is freaking out because Janet was in the video.
this song and this video are fucking fire yo.
That bit at the end\nEveryone: 🙂😀😃😆 ....... 😐🙁☹️😖😭
Someone help I just saw mitch grassi with a moustache and dancing😍😍
I love how even with choreo mitch is still jumping around like a puppy + doing shoulder rolls
You sure are super fruity.
So fucking gay
Ya trending
The end killled me
THIS IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!
You are amazing, guys!!!!
WHY DO THEY ALWAYS FUCKING TEASE US
i love it!!!!!!
DAMMIT
13 on trending
Same routines from James Cordon, interesting
don't rush me
HONEY WE’RE GOSH DARN TRENDING 👋🏼
JANET
Feelin the moves at 3:22
Love this song💜
LIT!🎶🎶🎶🎶
iconic
Hit
I'm coming !!
I JUST CHOKED. JANET?
THE BARTENDER SHIPS IT 😂
👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙👙
Can i have a whole movie about the organizer?
2:57 oh god yes I wish I was that girl she's the luckiest hoe omfg
Is this album also Scott's coming out album? lol
What Happened to this guy's voice????? Sounds so dam squeeky , sounds like the Chipmunks lol
Very very nice...Bowie would love it.
Got to experience this brilliant cover at Madison Square Garden, love it!
wow, this is great
Not just for one day. You will be my heroes for ever and ever.
Greetings from Poland. I love DM <3.
Video is good. Cover is boring
I melted when he hit that falsetto.
Superb cover and magnificent tribute for a genius. Tks DM
Brilliant! Shoutout from the US! Depeche Mode
Like music from another episode of Twin Peaks! Best!
And David from Heaven is smiling....
I Love DM from Berlin ❤🤘
Cried when I saw you perform this song in Paris back in July, this song means so so much to me, so thank you Depeche Mode 💜
It´s a wonderful cover!! I feel this song like a great present by David Gahan because yesterday I visited expo David Bowie is in Barcelone city.  I´m sure David Bowie would be pleased!!
Where can I download that song?
I thought it was Jamie XX with them))
Blondie's cover is still the best ever!
Looks like Trevor Powers has joined DP.
I love this song, however Depeche Mode version is only average, I prefer Motorhead's cover. But only original one give me goose bumps.
Who is watching today ?
I want such the t-shirt
I had the pleasure of listening it from live in concert in Rome... amazing DM!\nhttps://www.instagram.com/p/BVzGp2NBl_1/?taken-by=antoniopesare
They are still the best !! I love them!
Many have covered Bowie. DM have earned it.
We could be heroes, forever and ever!
David Bowie is my hero and I don't normally like covers as I compare them to him but this is the best I've ever heard
David Bowie would be very satisfied with this fucking great stuff.
He was spotted by Martin and Vincent singing this in a club
DAVID, We Miss You!
Pure emotions... the best band in the world
GREAT!!! THE BEST COVER!!! ❤
My opinion: Daves voice has never been better in any other song and David Bowie would love this cover version.
Very very nice job here on a risky cover - rich and dynamic!
I saw Depeche Mode tonight in Dallas and the song is even better live in person. It was super emotional, especially hearing all the fans singing together with Dave; truly a beautiful send off from the band especially Dave who loved Bowie dearly. If I’m not mistaken, Dave was asked to join DM back in the day because Vince Clarke overheard him singing this song. What a way to come full circle. Also, this song turns 40 today. Happy Anniversary ‘Heroes’. Thank you David Bowie. RIP Starman
great cover! i love DM from south korea
Dave's voice is better than ever!!!
Beautiful! I love DM and Bowie... I miss Bowie sooo much ..it's still so hard to believe he's not with us.
Again and Again  , Depeche swims like a dolphin towards a perfection again . Let God remember Bowie beyond eternity
Fantastic tribute from one God to another.
What a beautiful cover.  You can hear the passion in Dave's voice.  Bowie would be so proud!
Два Дэвида и Боуи и Гаан. Я Вас люблю!!! Вы - Боги!!!
Здорово, любимая песня у Боуи
Они ведь герои, это поймет тот кто, маршировал 9 мая от театра маяковсковского с плакатом  С ДНЕМ РОЖДЕНИЯ ДЭЙВ , поймут те, кто из года в год заслушивали до дыр альбомы, не понимая текстов зубрили их наизусть,за вас ребята и девочки. Мы все большая армия , время идет вперед, но мы по прежнему все заколдованы магией голоса.we can be heroes just for one day !!!!!!
Дейв кстати начал свое течение в ДВ, после этой песни
Просто многие с Лентача. Великолепный кавер, на великолепную песню великого Дэвида Боуи
депеш конечно очень любят в германии
зе бест оф за последнее время
classe!!
Outstanding!♥
toast with cheez whiz
Joder q bueno!!!!!puro delicatessen!!!!!!
Genial. Maravilloso.
Amazinggggggg
лайк
Yesssssss! <3 :)
Wonderful <3
Heroes!
Depeche Mode forever!!!!!! from  Cluj-Napoca.
Good
že, jaka balada...
Love it. Incredible video..
I love it
Ziggy Stardust <3
Cool Music!
♥
Найсец from Russia
2029 terminator
DM&SK&CZ=ALWAYS
!!! !! !!!\n!!! !! !!!\n!!! !! !!!
DM forever! 📢
FUERZA MÉXICO!
Deeper & Deeper! Deep!
♥♥♥
Beautiful cover ♥️😭
Герои нашего времени.
Estoy llorando, es hermoso. 💕 :'B
#masterpiece ❤️
Excelent... long live to Depeche Mode!!
Absoluter Reinfall👎👎
great cover !!!
Perfect
love this version!!!
Magnifico.
maravillosa musica soy fans de dave gahan #depechemode
ooh this voise never changed
AMAZING !!!
Depeche Heroes Mode
excelent song, dave is King !
ADORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 👏😍😍
Road House
AWESOME. <3
Amazing
On peut être un grand alpiniste et ne pas être à la hauteur de la montagne qu'on attaque !
Merci pour cette magnifique reprise, pour ce vibrant hommage au Grand Bowie. Vous entretenez sa légende, tout en étendant la vôtre !! Merci Dave, Martin, Andrew pour cette relecture et Merci David pour cette magnifique chanson, qui a 40 ans déjà !!
Su Voz Me causa Lagrimas,,  Los Amo Depeche Mode  Genios Que Linda Versión
Dave in Höchstform.Das geht unter die Haut.👍👍👍😎
Hermoso cover GRACIAS D.M ! y FUERZA MEXICO CARAJO!
bella cover , ma 6 minuti non li regge
Wooowww..  ez a legjobb Heroes feldolgozás... igaz másikat még nem hallottam :) / big like :) from Hungary
Чет не очень, вокал так себе
Nothing beats a marvel character who can be a badass even without super powers. This show is gonna be epic!
Now here's the hero that we need.
Like for Metallica Theme Song !!!
I think the dark comic book based movies/shows are the best ones.
Well, if there is ever a(nother) Doom movie,  I think we know the I internets vote to play the lead is
A Netflix original series\n\nBut is it though?
punisher is the man
0:21 that happened so fast it was almost comedic ,overall awesome trailer great use of metallica
Yes if the main character wasn't a white guy i wasn't going to watch it
This is why marvel stay winning as a franchise!! They can drop something that's mediocre and bounce right back!! Movies or tv shows
Cool that they went with One, but Battery would've been the better choice imo
I hope the actual thing does this trailer and song proud
Would it not be awesome if they used the training from john wick and made it more ruthless
I knew Punisher went well with Metallica!!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTaaJ0YaPvs
Anybody got the kill em all reference?
The defenders wont have a job left after frank has finished with the scum of the city.
Holy Shit! This is gonna be nuts!
Please Netflix don't fuck this up like you did Luke Cage (horrrrrrible fight choreography and even worse villain) ,Iron Fist, and the Defenders
Best fucking trailer ever! Gun sounds on the rhythm of Metallica’s One. Epic.
I'm sure this was a really good trailer, but I couldn't hear it over myself jamming out to Metallica.
Damn why is recruit from R6 Siege committing homicide? The SAS wouldn't  like that.
Didn't his family get killed in the park in Daredevil?
Thank you and God bless
Marvel is for kids try again sweetie
Can’t wait to see this!
WHO LIKE THE TRAILER FOR METALLICA SONG NOT FOR PUNISHER ?
Fuck that was so good
I don't know how there are so many thumbs down.  I can't make sense of it.  Those people should watch something else.  Thiis looks awesome.
This is going to be the best after Daredevil Season 1
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
Ok Netflix...you stunk it up with Iron Fist...now...you go ahead and set this new Punisher trailer to Metallica...AND TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF
Someone was smart for mixing Metallica One in this trailer. It gave it a power level of over 9000 straight out of the gate.\n\nThe real win would be if they just tied the whole In Justice for All Album to this punisher series, mixing various songs throughout.
That is a bad MF. CAN’T WAIT
Is this about Shane before The Walking Dead?
If you put a thumbs down... You suck.
(A) an ol' bit of vintage Metallica always gets my approval\n\nAnd (b), oh Netflix, you feckin cocktease with the release date 🤣
I loved War Zone...but this is going dark as FUUUUuuuuu.  Frank vs The ultimate Criminal Organization.  \m/
I leave this as a declaration of intent. So no one will be confused. \nOne. Si vis pacem para bellum. Latin. The boot camp Sergeant made us recite it like a prayer. Si vis pacum para bellum. If you want peace, prepare for war. \nTwo. Frank Castle is dead. He died with his family. \nThree. In certain extreme situations, the law is inadequate. In order to shame its inadequacy, it is necessary to act outside the law. To pursue natural justice. This isn't vengeance. Revenge is not a valid motive, it's an emotional response. No. Not vengeance. Punishment.
One if a great song. But I feel they missed an opportunity by not going with And justice for all which would have been more apt for the punisher.
So this is what happen to Shane after he dead in Walking Dead?
Don't fuck with the punisher
Hope this will pay off my disappointment on The Defenders. :/
Just letting everyone know, 1.7 million views are me alone. Sorry for the false numbers.
The Punisher is my hero
Everyone is so caught up in the fact that there's a Metallica song is this trailer that they're not paying attention to the fact that they're slaughtering the story...
They should make a new punisher game, i see it as a bit like max Payne
Just realized the Metallic reference at 1:27 I'm gonna Kill Em' All
This looks badass or maybe it's because of the Metallica
Amazing song choice for the trailer!
DARKNESS\nIMPRISONING ME\nALL THAT I SEE\nABSOLUTE HORROR
This trailer was absolutely beautiful. The way the Music was composer with the dark imagery, amazing.
im so fucking ready for this show
I'm having the toughest time waiting for this.
see fox , just let marvel do their things.
I like the logo!
I wish this guy existed in real life. So when a fucking crackhead punk, starts complaining about police brutality and his human rights, he meets the Punsher and gets fucked badly.
Shane with the head scratches again
Better watch out Rick. Shane is back and he's more psycho than ever
The Metallica is PERFECT
When does it release
this is going to be the badass series ever .
October 13th watch the date :)
Fcking awesome
another cliche-ridden predictable borefest.
Release date?
I jizzed in my pants.........
Metalica - One
Diggin the metallica
🤘🤘🤘
Metallica!!!!! <333333333
Great song 😍
FUCK YES
Sees trailer *heavy breathing*
Shane?
really good use of Metallica netflix... kudos
EXCITED!!!!!!!
Pe sado
Headshot, headshot, confirm kills....John Wick?
Awesome! Can't wait!
Marvel + badass superhero + Metallica = best show ever?
Goosebumps!! Fucking goosebumps!!
Lit.
DARKNESS IMPRISONING MEEEE
Metallica FTW
Good bye iron fist season 2!
Nope. Just nope.
Goosebumps ❤
I SAW KAREN
One
Fuck yeah
That fucking drum cadence matching the beat to the automatic gunfire....stop! My penis can only get so erect.
Looks like typical Marvel Netflix bullshit. Will drag on for 13 hours, idiotic B-plots, fight scenes in dimly lit warehouses to obfuscate the lack of budget.
Sharpening a knife on a dry stone lul
1:35 Logan???
1:45 Looks like John Wick had an influence on the gun fight choreography.
So whats with the wife getting shot at home it was heavily written that they was killed at the carnival in daredevil
Max Payne + John Wick?
Now if this guy was in the walking dead, the zombies would be gone in less then a day lol
Omg yayyyyy
This is one of the best edited trailers I’ve ever seen. Kudos, marvel!
Would you consider reviewing Paprika?
NOT THE GODFATHER! :(
Completely agree with Donnie Darko.
fuck Donnie Darko
Big Lebowsky!!! Totally agree! THX!!!
Damn, this is brave
Ha. Dootyism.
Donnie Darko?? Oh James
The Big Lebowski had the Coen Brothers.
Yes! I think A Christmas Story is so overrated.
It is the most overrated movie this year, fucking awful
Donnie Darko had great music, but otherwise... eh...
That's part of why I love James, very humble
thank you. Donny darko is the worst. and that rabbit is lame
I actually agree with most of James's choices, especially Godfather 2. I think a lot of the praise it got was due to the original Godfather missing out on a lot of awards, so it basically got what Godfather 1 should've received. Still, I agree: I think both Goodfellas and Scarface are better movies.\n\nBig Lebowski is the only movie on the list that I really like, but I wouldn't nearly go as far as to say that it's one of the best movies ever made. That seems strange to me. It has a lacking plot imo, but the point of the movie is more for Jeff Bridges and John Goodman to be funny. As a comedy, it makes me laugh a lot, but I wouldn't say it has any deeper meaning or profoundness to it.\n\nDark Knight is the only movie on the list that sort of annoys me. I prefer the 3rd movie to it.
Agree with everything you said.. I like Pulp Fiction a lot, but defiantly prefer Reservoir Dogs.. Dark Knight is over hyped, but still the best Batman.. What do you think the best Batman is? Batman and Robin? As for Donnie Darko, and Big Lebowski.. I think you have to be stoned to enjoy them. I hate Donnie Darko, but I really enjoyed Lebowski and saw like 5 times.. As for best movie ever made? No. The fact that it has it's own religion is going too far.
I agree, we shouldn't get butt hurt if someone has a different opinion. You should compare your opinion with others and have a good discussion about what you like and don't like.\n\nHonestly, I'm not a huge movie guy. I dont watch a lot of movies but I do like watching them. That being said I was surprised with the top five, but I understood them.
Perfectly said in the beginning, and it can be applied to most things. So well written/spoken regardless of points.
IPA beer tastes like cough medicine. I'm sorry, Donnie Darko is amazing just for the soundtrack alone.
Of Course I was joking about the Resident Evil movie franchise yet there are people who actually like this movie franchise mostly people who aren't fans of the game, and more thing I personally thought This Is Spinal Tap sucked despite everyone telling me it was a great movie.
James, you are the greatest. I love that you actually listen to opposing opinions. That is an important and rare skill to have in today's society.
We agree on many things here :D
Good list. Seems we have pretty similar taste. I love Big Lebowski I think it's a brilliant movie... Though best movie ever? Not even close. It's just a fun and enjoyable movie. I never got the big deal set around it though.
Totally agree about The Dark Knight. In fact, I think my list would be filled with Chistopher Nolan movies.
I cannot stand Star Wars. I do not like Sci-Fi. I grew up with the movie but never liked it. Prob because I do not like Sci-Fi. I've never watched Titanic and never will.
A Christmas Story has the same effect that Its a Wonderful Life, wasnt a succes but it was on all the time, good movie not great. I dont consider Die Hard and Gremlins Christmas movies, they take place on Crhistmas but arent about Christmas
I'd rather have A Christmas Story as #1 xmas movie than It's A Wonderful Life
I love TBL, it's one of my favs.... Hell I even have a TBL Pinball Machine I love the movie so much.  But honestly, I can completely understand why people don't love it.  On the outside, the plot is a mess and it's just some burnout guy interacting with random characters.  The humor works for me, but I can see why people wouldn't like it.
Fuck i love you
Thank you for addressing The Dark Knight. U hit the nail right on the head!
I've seen The Big Lebowski once and I thought it was ok, I wouldn't say it was ground breaking but good enough
Shut the fuck up james, you're out of your element! You're entering a world of pain!
before I watch this list, I have 3 that come to mind of movies people love that I'm not a huge fan of:\n- Rocky Horror Picture Show\n- Clockwork Orange\n- Carrie
When I saw The Matrix, it was at the theatre, with a bunch of mates, hadn't watched any trailers and had heard nothing about the movie, so had no idea what to expect, and we were all absolutely baked. Needless to say, was pretty enjoyable. Then watching it at home, and the sequels, it seems lame. So I understand where James is coming from here.
I actually really love Donnie darko. I understand why you don't like it and I respect that. I won't go into detail on why I like it. But It means something to me
I agree with you James on your opinion of pulp fiction
I liked Little Nemo :)   i don't think that movie was too popular.  It's one of my favorites.
It does make me feel better that I'm not the only person out there who doesn't love The Big Lebowski
Not that into ghosts but Ghostbusters is his favorite movie?
I liked Raising Arizona better than Big Lebowski
James we all know Die Hard is the greatest Christmas movie of all time
I love A Christmas Story., but it really is overhyped.
About the Titanic and Big Lebowsky, I wholeheartedly agree. The Titanic has always been a gigantic missed opportunity to truly showcase the story of the ship and the corporate situation of its time. Instead, we got another love story. It's put together beautifully but damn is the hype way too over the top. I'm not going to dive into TBL because it's obvious to me that I just don't get it and that's fine.\n\nAbout the Matrix, I can see how for a lot of people it's just another action sci-fi movie. I don't feel it changed much but kinda pave a bit of the way for sci-fi to go more mainstream. To me it was special cause it was a sci-fi retelling of Plato's Allegory of the Cave. It challenged this false assumption that an action movie filled with special effects couldn't have philosophical undertones.
I agree that Christmas Story was just okay. It was funny, but not hilarious. I honestly prefer other movies
I think Fight Club could go well with this list. I really enjoy these movies but some people are a bit too crazy over them.
For me it's Bladerunner
Thank God Robocop wasn't on this list. I think that Robocop was awesome until the company that made it starting beating a dead horse. It's my all time favorite movie and I wanted to review it and review the games!!!
Im Also A Film Buff Myself
Your opinion differs from mine, I HATE YOU!!!\nJk, jk.
I agree on the big lebowski to IT's good but not very special. I do like Philip Seymour Hoffman in it though.
Die Hard IS the best christmas movie
I have a personal hatred for A Christmas Story. I will not go into details.
That friend of yours is fucking nuts
You're out of your element, James.
Hey guys, what's so great about the Great Lebowski?
The start of this video sounded like a reply to ghostbusters no review
Thank you! Big Labouski is super over hyped
This could've been titled The 10 Most Overrated Films. I agreed with about half of the list. Thank you for sharing, James 👍
So not the new Ghostbusters movie? jk
I Didn't like pulp fiction
I get why people like Star War, but I'm not a fan.  The video games were epic though.
I didn't really like the Matrix either...
Best Christmas movie is Die Hard.
I thought those movies were pretty good. Except donnie darko. Donnie darko sucked. I couldn't even watch it all. I thought it was really bad.
Agree with all your movies here except Pulp Fiction and The Big Lebowski
Muppets Christmas carol. That's all
Most people don't like Titanic now, though.
I guess there's two types of people who study arts. The ones that when study are completely absorbed by the scene and start reproducing exactly what others do and say, so they all like what their teacher told them was great and become part of this elite... then there's guys like you (and me) who just like what they like no matter what the general opinion is. In my case it's with music and Jazz... I just can't appreciate jazz as much as others, but that's where it's at in popular music schools.
I can honestly say I agree with Rolfe from start to finish on his list. Especially the Dark Knight being number four of best movies of all time. It was a good movie but frankly I liked Batman Begins better.
I'm with you Nerd, not a fan of Titanic.
I don’t agree with a majority of this list...but Donnie Darko. I can’t stand that movie.
A Christmas Story is one of the worst films I've ever seen.
I'd really love to hear your opinion on Wes Anderson's works. The Darjeeling Limited is one of my favorite movies ever made, and when I have friends watch it, they always seem unimpressed. Anderson always focuses on existentialism and the sense of being, so the movies can have a very dark humor and undertones that some people find drab, but I feel is just so beautifully subtle, that it is really is something to witness. Funny enough, I don't like Bottle Rocket, but I love all his other films. Sorry for the book of a post lol
I agree 100% on his opinion of godfather 2, honestly fell asleep watching it
if not the matrix what other keanu films amaze you mate? \nlike \nConstantine \nman of tai chi \nJohn wick\n57 ronin \netc \netc
you right with number one.i never finished it.
Better than jingle all the way that I only watch for the funny shwartzenegger(don't know if I spelled that right) parts at the end
All I can say about number 1 is Yeah, well, that's just, like, your opinion, man.
Thank you, finally someone who agrees that The Dark Knight is overhyped. I like it, its a cool Batman flick. But to me, thats it. Just a cool Batman movie. A lot of people love the dark and gritty Batman but i prefer the detective part of his character
Woo! Someone else who doesn't love a godfather movie! I also feel the same way about the Christmas story, and the big lebowski..the Christmas story is overrated, and I just didn't like the big lebowski.
Love this video. Really well done. And I say that as someone who REALLY sort of loves Pulp Fiction, Godfather Part 2, and several other of the films you mention. This is a very real phenomenon that I assume happens to EVERY film lover. I bet every person has a similar list. I was thinking of David Lynch's Mulholland Drive as I watched this. I like that film. I own the Criterion disc of it. But I don't understand the LOVE people have for it. I was reading recently a list of its accolades, and apparently many prominent film reviewers consider it one of the best films, if not THE best since the year 2000. I don't get THAT degree of love for Mulholland Drvie. And the brilliance of James' video here is, yes, it's very weird when everyone's in love with a certain film, and you just don't get it.
I like the big lebowski but not obsessively like some
I just saw one hell of a stinker a coupel of weeks ago: Dunkirk.  Such a fucking awful movie.  Worst movie I've seen in years.
I agree with alot of these.especially #8 and 5
Ferris buellers’ day off. I understand why it’s iconic but I don’t find a single joke in it funny. Not a single chuckle.
Citizen Kane is the greatest film of all time, not the greatest story.
You know why Citizen Kane is considered the greatest movie of all time? Simple answer: *because everybody says so!* It is a form of *cultural bias.*\n*Neuroscience* can demonstrate that it *works the same with music:* your favourite music is culturally imprinted and not (necessarily) the one your brain would prefer without the cultural bias. F.e. in one experimental group with hip-hop-fans, it could be shown that in 2/3 of them, their so called *stress center (Amygdala) was activated when listening to their favourite songs, instead of the pleasure center (Nucleus Accumbens)!* \nAnd it works the same with any other genre and also the other way around: *in many instances, we don't actually listen to music that stimulates our pleasure center because we've been culturally biased not to like them* (because the subgroup/society you're part of doesn't appreciate those genres and we *train ourselves* not to like them!).\nIt would really astonish me if it's any different with films, since the same effect is also true for wine tasting (even with experts), and was also demonstrated in experiments. \n*So don't feel bad Nerd!* Most of these movies are probably only appreciated that much because they were *hyped* by influental people and (of course) the industry that made them. And sometimes just by mere *coincidences*, in the sense of at the right time, at the right place (or wrong, f.e. in the case of batman, where Heath Ledger passed away after shooting the movie, but before it hit the theaters).\n*And through that, they become part of what we call culture, which in turn influences us and forms our collective memory about the world we live in. Cheers!*
Burn in hell, heathen!!!! How dare you!!! So, now on to watching the video.
The Dark Knight is an overrated pile of shit.. I can't stand TDK fanboys they're absurdly idiotic. \nThe *real* reason it got praised so much was because Ledger died after giving the performance of his career.
The breakfast club.
Amen! on Pulp Fiction & Big Lobowski
*HA!* ... knew it...
Donnie darko sucks , pure non sense
Me watching the film IT
James, LORD OF THE RINGS REVIEW, PLEASE.
I really don't get why people praise Fargo and The Big Lebowski so much. The Coen's have FAR better movies in their repertoire. Why does nobody talk about A Serious Man? It's their best movie, and nobody fucking talks about it! And Raising Arizona!
The Dark Knight and Matrix are great action flicks and nothing else. Pulp Fiction and Big Lebowski are both ingenious, but I respect James' opinion.
The only reason people put the dark knight on this pedestal is because of ledgers portrayal of the joker. The movie was a long winded snooze fest....but still better then batman forever and batman and robin
yeah, well, thats just, like, your opinion, man...
I also don't like the big lebowsky much. I outright hated donnie darko and also the boondock saints (imho boondock saints is basically the big kahuna burger scene from pulp fiction repeated a couple times). If you ask me, they all have in common that they are super pretentious - they SEEM to have something to say although they don't - but gullible people fall for it. Is tree of life popular? that would be another entry on that list.
Better cast too
I was on the fence about this movie, but after seeing the trailer all the pieces are coming together. This will be great.
Movie looks awesome. Too many people dealing with that nostalgia I see
With Dwayne and Kevin in this movie I expect this to be great..
This looks wayyy better than the old one, what a step up!
2 o my fav peep in this movie Dwayne and the girl from doctor who and the circle
Noooo the cake scene could of been AMAZING but they spoiled it come onnnnnn cuz!!!! 😫
The Rock + Karen Gillan + Jack Black = Take My Money
This was a good idea
the board game was left on the video game for 20 years, and the magic was transfer from from board to the system. soooooo same magic jungle with update game world
Something tells me Nick Jonas character is also stuck in the game and have been for a long time.
Karen Gillian plus Kevin Hart plus Jack Black plus The Rock!? So ready 🤘🏻🤘🏻 Thank you Sony
Amy pond? Still getting into trouble...
The Scorpion KING
So. What the fuck? It looks so bad it looks great!
For two decades it went untouched, until THE IP RESURRECTION WARS!
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
Jesus have these kids even seen the original!?
Not good not cool I would just watch the original and the cartoon
First one was way better, seems like writers and producers, can not be creative, always have to use someone's else's ideas, if u only had a brain
Ok don't get me wrong! Kevin hart, Dwayne Johnson and jack black are pretty cool but honestly this makes me really depressed and ticked off.. jumanji was supposed to be left alone and never remade.. that movie was a true classic.. and now they're literally making it into a big joke 😐🙄  Robin Williams would not be happy about this if he was alive.. just saying
Sees friend get sucked into tv.  Cool let's all try
amy pond thats all i care about
Sony\n\nI already don't trust this
Who's good at staring and not blinking..\nKevin Hart has a blinking seizure lol
Who see the end  ?
Kevin Hart is in it, pass.
still looks like crap to me
lmao, are there seriously people here saying this looks good? Jesus..
Just don't call it Jumanji.
I'm really confused at this movie, but I guess the rock is in it so really can't be that bad.
Guessing Kevin has the cheat codes on hand
Don't care what anyone says. Watching this because I love the cast with the exception of that Jonas douche. Why... just... why
Nick Jonas? Fucking Nick Jonas? Holy Shit that surprised me, love it!
When are you coming back to the wwe
This could go well or horribly considering it’s now a video game instead of the traditional board game and it can go well because it has an okay concept that will sell to many many young kids but it’s pretty unoriginal tho
Wonder if this movie is any good?
Does not look anywhere near as good as the original.  Might check it out to see whats up, but I was hoping for like somewhat of a remake or some shit.  Kind of makes we wanna relive the original Jumunji.
That will suck a huge donkey dick.... with some heavy ball cupping.. but good music..
So they wouldn't use this GNR song for Black Hawk Down ... But  this movie was ok?
What's up with all the simulation topics on trending lately?
to be honest they rouind  the movie ...
Jack Black is the only thing in this movie that looks good.
First complaint, There's nothing that connects it to the original except for the jungle. Its just a jungle with not enough animals running rampant. \n\nThey had a large number of animals in Just one scene. What kind of zoo-budget bullshit is this? Is it set in the wild, or the Bronx zoo?
Embrace for a 30% on RottenTomatoes!!
Bruh they turned a board game to a video game
This move looks horrible. An incredible mock to the amazing Jumanji movie.
Looks good but why would you call it Jumanji and ruin it?
Just becoz Kevin and Jack are in it am gonna watch it Bonus da Rock
Asinine premise. An ancient magical board game conveniently becomes a video game. Yay for another craptastic money grab.
Am I still black? Yeah, okay that's hilarious.
First thing I think is Robin Williams.
I saw a trailer for this at least 6 months ago...
ok so a couple of things i wish was going on here 1. i get its a new movie for the ages but it should have still been the board game that they get sucked into 2. the crazy hunter from the first went back he should have been in this to terrorize the people (unless he is) 3. cast is a great cast idk if its the cast for this movie original was dark comical and serious in its essence this just looks like a joke to the original.... i will still watch it i just think it could have been more
There goes robbin williams iz lime light on the first one.
just waiting for someone to scream the lyrics to the guns and roses song xD
I click this cuz I saw Kevin Hart in the thumbnail
Dont let this new body get yo but whooped.\n\n'Smack'\n\n*Smack*\n\nAaahhhww What the hell!\nLmaoo
I guess you can add cheating to Kevin Harts weaknesses...
I FREAKING READ THIS BOOK IN THIRD GRADE
am I still black? 😂😂😂😂😂
I'm gonna watch this just for the actors
ERMAGERD WHEN THE DWAYNE  AND KEVIN HART ARE IN A MOVIE YA KNOW IT GON BE GOOD
Look's stellar. I love Karen and Jack so definite watch for me
Welcome to the jungle
I have a feeling this will be better than the 1st Jumanji. I love Robin Williams but never even liked the 1st Jumanji that much.
About time
ha ha ha, very good !!!
2.31 Oh Shit.
I LOVE AXL ROSE !
Amy pond!!!!!!!!!!
Yessss do it
HOLY SHIT
SHAZAM
:)
Absolute shit...
King Kong 2
*I would rather die* \n\nHaha 😂
Meh.
Test
No no no no what NOOO! But maybe yes?
Jumanji is an Eldritch Abomination.
👌
Retarded
Looks amazing to me
😂 looks good
I saw the first part which was great. This one looks quite boring. They shouldn't have named this movie Jumanji. Completely different format from first.
these fuckfaces really can't come up with anything decent these days can they….
so weve already seen two of kevin harts deaths first the hippo now the cake
Straight up fucking up a classic. The idea is great exploring jumanji is fantastic. But shitty actors paired with lame new style Hollywood storyline fucks the whole thing up. I hate what the movie industry has become.
So unnecessary and cliche. The Rock? Again? He keeps popping up in these cheesy remakes with his one-dimensional acting. He literally acts no different from one more to the next. Let's face it, it's his muscles that Hollywood wants, not his mediocre acting. We have the usual random black guy making an appearance uttering the yo /sarcasm .... Maybe it's my age. The original was so good especially with David Alan Grier and of course Robin Williams. This new one looks like a lump of slimy stinky leftover elf shit with a big shiny Hollywood red bow.
Ewwww someone tell me how this turns out. Im going to go watch the original to wipe this from my memory
This is gonna be trash
Looks nothing like the original, not for me.
Fuck the tomb raider trailer and this FUCKING HOLLYWOOD REMAKE SHIT!!!! You people are blind! Kill yourself's.
God awful! Yeah Hollywood just keep making the same shitty, poor quality CGI filled garbage you've been making eventually you'll strike gold 😑...\nThis is why movies are at an all time low. Just get um to the theater, fuck you you'll pay to see it💩.
You ruined this movie.
RIP childhood
Pass. This looks utter garbage, three actors will have to try again in other better movies to recover from this monstrosity to be.
Didnt this already come out
I was here before I million views
Aaah I love Jahseh's voice so much. 💕🔥
Like the song, wish her face looked diff😖😲😰😵
longest song x ever been in
Didn’t see them collaborating
patiently waiting for x's verse
SISTER FROM SISTER NOT FAR YOU SUPER Noah
Who else came here for X
this is the best song by her so far
X please stop singing it ain't workin
I am the only who wanna hear only X part
Do y'all think they fucked?
Why people hating on this song so much? The only bad part about it is her outfit 😂
This looks like an anime opening 😂😂
X is a beast
I've never loved x so much. Noah you're voice along with his is amazing. Great job u guys xoxo!!!!
Don't understand, why people are saying this song is bad...
x has an amazing talent and voice but it's all going to waste, if he sang songs like this I think he would be amazing
Do a public appearance with no auto tune.  On a stage in a small town.  Then we'll see how well you can sing.\n\nYour sister is incredible.  I don't think you come close.
Idk why everyone hating on Noah Cyrus I fw X
I'm here for x and his ss3 looking ass
Wtf happened to xxxtentacion he just makes depressing songs and not screaming rap songs
This is good. I don't know why people would say her career is over because of xxx tentación.
Noah has a nice first name
She didn't want X ugly ass in the video
Here at 705k
This are my kind of music 😍
proud of both of them 💜
I can't believe people hate on X so much that they say she ruined her career by having X in her song
isnt as bad as I thought it'd be
This songs getting so much hate but it's so good tbh. People say she's gonna ruin her career because of X, but it's only gonna make it better because it shows her diversity
X’s voice is so fucking amazing.
Who else skipped just to listen to x?😂
X was receiving so much hate on this song before it released, everyone was sayin Noah Cyrus is done, fuck y'all fake ass fans fr #Xxxtentacion
I love it so much❤ this is amazing
x is a shit person but ok
people saying her career is over cause X’s on the song. y’all dumb
Tbh only clicked for X but this shit 🔥 🔥 🔥
Does this bitch not know how to wear a jacket
I like how this comment section is still listen to X even though ignoring how weird he is by, looking like a demon and something is clearly wrong with, and isn't he a rapper were was a rap lyric in here, and what up with this weird creepy beat. Seriously, I listen to inspiring stuff and sometimes the New things Rappers put out and Old-school instead of fanbase saying they came because XXXtentrashion, seriously you guys have no brains at all and quite sure you see this shit, I didn't like X before he went and I don't like him now. He famous because of you people
Saw xxxtentacion in title and clicked 😂
Is this the bitch off of fear the walking dead
Where is this shot at?
They sound really good together
Man i wanted to x face on this video 😩
The video doesn‘t match the song..
Damn this shit is good
he singing.......\n\n\n\nHEE SINGIINGGG.....\n\nI was thing XXXTENTACION voices is another singer Voices & I was thing he will RAPPING on this song. HE very fucking AWESOME.
I been a day one fan love you when will this be on SoundCloud
this sounds great at 1.25x speed
I only clicked on this so i could hear X come in and start screaming, but no, it was just more meme love pussy shit
What has this world come to?? Geezus man, how can anyone say this girl has talent? The person making the beat, maybe...
This is so good
ok but why was x's verse too short though?
Did x beat you too after recording?
We came here for xxx not Noah lmfao
Wtf where was x in this entire video and u were good to noah cyrus
I cant stop listening to this song😂
I'm so happy that underground artists are finally shining! ❤️
i think i saw a penis at the begining lol
*This song hit harder than my fathers belt*
Here before 10 millionnnn
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  \n─────────────────────────█──█──█  \n─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  \n────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  \n────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  \n──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  \n─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  \n▄█████████████────────────█─────█  \n██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  \n████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  \n██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  \n████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son\n███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good song!\n███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  \n███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  \n███──────────────────█─────█────█  \n███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  \n████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  \n████────────██████────█────█────█  \n█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  \n██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  \n██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  \n─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  \n─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  \n──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  \n──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  \n─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  \n▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  \n█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  \n█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  \n█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  \n█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  \n█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  \n█───────────────█──────────────█  \n█▄─────────────██──────────────█  \n─█▄────────────█───────────────█  \n──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  \n─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  \n─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█
Thats puerto rico
Bruh whaaat
imagine listening to this stoned AF💪
😍
100% better than Miley
Woah x got a whole 20 seconds
🔥
Troy sivan blue neighborhood
DAMN X KILLS IT
loovvee
Weird song
Unexpected
Am I dreaming?
Really not good
I think Noah’s hotter than Miley
Ching chong bing bong kawaii desu *utensil noises*
Snapchat?
X's verse 1:35
Trash
:(
🖤🎶
lmao what is this collab
Starts 1:35 Ends 2:05
he was singing omg
this is gr8
Amei de primeira, noss estava precisando.
This is Great
Banger
Надеялась увидеть Х
X GOAT
Looooveeee
No x ):
ayyy thass guud
Quit making idiots famous. This X dude so stupid
Wonder if they fucked?
trending because of x
La parte de X suena igual que en su canción Looking For A Star, haha
Looks like people missed the point of this video. This video is NOT a persuasive video. It is an informative video. It provides solace for those who willingly do not want to have kids by providing science behind why their decision is sound and/or beneficial. It is not bashing on people who have kids, nor is it telling you, you shouldn't have kids, it's saying that if you do not want kids, that's cool, here's some science to back you up. I honestly do not get why everyone is getting worked up over this.
Make a video on pedophilia! I would love to know your opinions
Two pedophile-looking fuckers such as yourselves shouldn't have kids in the first place.
Whats Greg and Mitche's Last names? I have a....a certain feeling..... im not sure what it could be.....
Oy vey dont have kids\nOh wow look at that not enough kids, better import millions of unassimilatable 3rd worlders
GOOD GOYIM DON'T HAVE KIDS! CONSUME AND CONSUME! LET THE DINDUS HAVE ALL THE KIDS! THAT WAY WE CAN SPREAD MORE (((DIVERSITY))) GOYIM BREEDING THE WHITE RACE OUT OF EXISTENCE!!!
yes goys don't have kids we already have migrant to replace you with .....
You may be able to delude yourself at least for a while into thinking homosexuality is normal,you can even force other people to agree with you using the government to enact punishment but ultimately mother nature doesnt lie and prevents humans with this abnormality from reproducing. You sound like a couple of bitter old queens that are jealous of  heterosexual couples because they can do something you cant.
I already have daughter, and i plan to have many more children,\nand you're powerless to stop me.
Oy vey stop having children goyim! You must be replaced by blacks and muslims!
Oke... kids seem to be somewhat annoying, lets make humanity go extinct by not getting children anymore.
Just look at the 'trending' videos on YouTube - the world has turned to shit.
Homosexuals and pedophiles go hand in hand. Homosexuals should not have children, true.
Don't have children, goyim.\n\nYou must open your borders and accept an unending wave of brown people into your nations. If you don't, you are racist. Nobody likes racists.\n\nShalom.
Who finances these videos? 2 queers telling people not to have children. I have 2 and its the greatest thing I ever did. \nDon't listen to these idiots, if you want to be happy, settle down and have a family. Raise them to be everything these guys are not.
These two have kids every time they take a shit.
ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ　ＷＨＩＴＥ　ＧＥＮＯＣＩＤＥ
WHITE GENOCIDE
RIP credibility
Oy vey yes goyem let your gf mix with non-whites.
WHITE GENOCIDE.
Well, not having kids will greatly reduce the Carbon Footprint. \n\nThink of all the disposal diapers that won't go into the landfills.
The only babies these two genetic dead-ends could ever make are little turd babies.
Okay douchebags, a few things.\n\n1 - the whole overpopulation thing has long been discredited but still gets tossed around and believed by idiots\n\n2 - while there is no arguing whether or not raising children is difficult and pricey, and no one should have kids if they don't wish to; your whole video seems to miss the point that life is hard at times.  It is not a continual fun trip of parties and vacations on the Med Coast.  It took people striving and working to build the prosperous society we have today.  It did not just pop into existence.\n\n3 - I'm gonna take a wild guess and say both of you guys are staunch libs..... very likely Bernie Sanders supporters and   surely voted for Hillary.\n\nAs such, I'm certain you just LUUUUVVVVV all those free social programs Bernie and the Dems push.\n\nBut, in your short sighted and hedonostic thinking, fail to ponder the question of demographics.\n\nSimply put .... money.  All those free programs require, or will require, a fuck ton of money to pay for them.  That means society needs a solid base of working age people.  \n\nAs it stands now, the worker to retiree/beneficiary ratio has been  declining fir decades as a greater % of the population is over 65 as well as being enrolled in Medicaid.  That means an ever higher tax burden on those in the workforce.\n\nSo...... in closing ..... if you really LUUUUVVVVVVVVV all those free programs you should be encouraging people to have even more babies to support both of you in your old age\n\nCheers
I don't plan on having kids so I wholeheartedly agree with this video. I think childbirth in general is a moral issue as the life that you create never consented.
This is the only video yours that I disliked. Your audience doesn't need excuses why they shouldn't have kids (which is what you gave throughout the video), they will be making the decision on having a child based on emotional factors. All the reasons for not having a child are pretty superficial. I'm childless because I want to enjoy my life. 99% of my friends and co-workers are parents and they simply have no life. I want to have the freedom to go wherever I want, read a book, go study a new skill, play games, socialize, travel.... having a kid is detrimental to all that. The parents I met that tried to claim otherwise were REALLY deluding themselves. But most importantly, I don't see a child as some end-game goal for life. I'm living for myself, not some future kid. No wonder countries with superb living standards have negative birthrate, they know there's more to life than having kids.
0:20 This was kinda true with my parents.
tl;dr - Kids are expensive and challenging.\n\nHaving children is extremely rewarding if you have a stable relationship. Nothing in your life will compare to the day-to-day gratification that exist in a functional family
narcissistic pos...have children cause it's the only purpose we have...seems obvious...
Lolz i am so tempted to share this vid with my asian relatives and frnds. But i am just gonna save this for my own satisfaction.
Are you w thinking about kids - o my mistake
Dont have kids because its expensive. \n\nYou guys: wHitE GEn0cIdE!!1!1!11!11!\n\n\n\nNo one said anything about genocide. And no one isn't even killing whites at a substantial rate. Suicide, yea probably, but no Hitler shit man. You people need to chill.
I'm 11 why am I watching this?
God makes mistakes and humans do to
Man if only I seen this vid 5 years ago to late for that.
Good, don't have kids. Less liberals in this country.
You shouldn't have kids because they may end up being as pathetic as these two cucks.
if you wanna truly go green adopt one.
I feel like there are some white western men or women who  won't have kids because of this video. Good, let's hope white people from western Europe go extinct.
great way to have humans extinct lol\n\nbut then again they are right, too many babies might cause chaos meaning less food etc
Yeah, because slowly letting the human race die is a good idea.
Am I the only one that doesn’t want children anyway?
Thank you for not having kids
I never want to have kids because I know what I put my parents through as a kid. I ain't going through that as well.
2021\n*40% OF HUMAN LIFE HAS DECREASED IN THE LAST 4 YEARS*
Genetic dead end want to lecture me?
>We're mental defects who can't have kids therefore nobody should have kids\nYeah, nah fuck off
Who's gonna take parenting advice from queers? You can't reproduce even if you wanted to.
god, i love natural selection
The network was right.
Homosexuals, like these two freaks, shouldn't be allowed to have kids. They should be thrown in the ovens instead.
So this advice comes from two dudes who clearly will never have kids
Dude I'm hispanic and they tend to have A LOT of children so I'm just gonna stay away from that for a while.
Two beta males discussing why having kids is terrible. Smh
This is just disgusting! Having children is the greatest journey in life that Men and Women can go through together.
Funniest part was this: So if, like us, friends are always asking when you'll have kids...\n\nAs if anyone is waiting for these two to magically give birth to a rainbow-coloured baby from their pozzed rectums.
Hahahahahahahahahh! LOOK.AT.THESE.TWO! Thank God they will not reproduce. They give very useful advice. The degenerates not having kids will only lead to them breeding themselves out of existence and it will strengthen the human race.
Notice how most of the comments supportive of this video are white women, it seems the brainwashing is already taking hold. White genocide is real and must be stopped.
This video made me want to have kids.
If you don't have kids then how will human beings continue on this planet? What an utter stupid video. This video should really have been called, Why you shouldn't have 'white' kids. Shame on you.
I was a surprise baby my parents were 18,19 and only got married so I wouldn't be a bastard. Now they're divorced my mother is an alcoholic and my father is a sociopath. I don't live with either of them and I have BPD. People please if you are not ready for a child use reliable contraception. I am not emotionally, mentally or physically stable. As a young child all I wanted was love and now with my BPD I have a constant need for love and someone to tell me I'm doing alright while pushing everyone away and feeling forever alone and worthless. Love your children, raise them with affection and right and wrongs. Teach them that people are different but in the end we are all the same and are to be treated with equal rights and protection. I hope you all have an amazing day,evening or night.
I hope both of you die horribly and slowly.
Thankfully people like you wont ever have kids.
Why import millions of people from third world to first world if you want to lower emissions\nYou are basically inviting them to emit hundreds of times more co2 than if if they'd of stayed in their own countries\nCo2 warming the earth is twaddle anyway we're in the middle of a 20 year warming hiatus scientists are confirming now
Steralize the 3rd world if you want to control overpopulation.
But when muslims breed like rats its fine.
😕 without kids u wont even be here everyone was a kid live with it
oh you know, just casually committing genocide. nothing new
The white race is dying, the Jew supports videos like this.
Thankfully the makers of this video won't be having kids.
Why are young people fronting this video? Surely childless people in their 70s/80s should be presenting this? A mix too, some who regret not having kids, and some who don't.
kill these homosexuals. seriously just hang them.  their hatred of western civ and white people with big families is enough reason to kill them.
Western decadence and self destruction while africa pumps out 5 kids per women they can barely feed.
If only your parents had taken your advice
Why you should not have kids says new scientific study say\nwhy you should import gorillions of non whites into your white majority countires new scientific study says\nnew scientific study says you should believe anything if it says new scientific study says in the title
degenerate\nnoun\nplural noun: degenerates\ndɪˈdʒɛn(ə)rət/\n\n    1.\n    an immoral or corrupt person.\n    get out of my house, you degenerate!\n    synonyms: reprobate, debauchee, rake, profligate, libertine, roué, loose-liver; More\n    pervert, deviant, deviate;\n    informalperv;\n    rareretrograde, dissolute\n    a group of drunkards and degenerates\n\nverb\n3rd person present: degenerates\ndɪˈdʒɛnəreɪt/\n\n    1.\n    decline or deteriorate physically, mentally, or morally.\n    the quality of life had degenerated\n    synonyms: deteriorate, decline, sink, slip, slide, worsen, get/grow worse, take a turn for the worse, lapse, fail, fall off, slump, go downhill, regress, retrogress; More
Oy vey, you've gone too far this time Gregovich and Mitchenberg, the goyim know! Shut it down!
The 2 people who can only bumfuck telling the world if they shouldn't have kids rofl
Lauren Southern brought me here
disgosting ew
Seems very subjective
Mitch has nice nails
kys
Fuck you
Homosexuals shouldnt raise kids period. Its child abuse.
kys you low test dipshits
Oy vey...
Bullshit...
CANCER
Good Goys. Two Shekels coming your way.
https://cdn.inquisitr.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/heterosexual-pride-day-means-this.png
Degenarate cocksucker pieces of faggotry
What the fuck?
(((Greg))) and (((Mitch)))
He painted his nails blue HAHAHA
this is totally GHEY .
I didn't need a video to tell me this
Why not just kill yourselves? It's even easier than not having kids, and more beneficial to the world!
Don't have kids. They're bad for the environment and for the economy!\n\nBut remember, we gotta let in all those economic migrants for the economy, and to fix the dwindling population.
Why so many dislikes? It is a scientific and educational video! Just because you do not like some things and how other people think of the topic you do not have to be an asshole, some people want to reproduce some people would rather fucking jump off a biulding, science is not something that people should be mad about. Great video, also i would never fucking want kids,  like ever.
My cats 17 and still gets playful from time to time
My cats are not interested at all in the red dot...but give them a box with some type of wrapping paper in it and the party is on.
😸😸😸
😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
Nicky ❤️
PMSL 100%
My cats are gumps
Умрёт скоро спрос на этот мультик если не будет новых идей и серий с котом Саймона 😎
It was very easy to teach our cats to play with us directly and not damage us. As soon as they use their nails, stop, say ow! with a crying lilt in your voice,  and touch the paw that caused the problem. They learn very quickly. Now our cats even play rake (with their hind legs) our arms using only their pads when we tickle their belly. Same with biting: just stop moving (don't pull away) and say Ow!. Obviously it requires overriding your immediate response as well; pulling away from a claw or bite does more damage (to you) than just freezing. It makes play much more enjoyable for both of us rather than simply using a toy.
Why do I attract lunatic cats that look absolutely crazy
I always have played with my cats using my hands to teach them to be gentle with their teeth and claws. I teach them to be gentle by giving them a command as soon as they bite or use their claws and even more better if you can catch it before it happens. Once i know the cat understands the command i slowly stop using the command until it becomes second nature to the cat not to bite down hard or use their claws on humans.Reason why i do this is sometimes even thou you may watch them very carefully around kids, accidents do happen. So i've taught every cat i have owned to be gentle. If you do not introduce them to be gentle with hands, they will not learn how to be gentle when kids or stranger hands touching them.  \n\nAlso i suggest to put away any string or fishing rod toy that dangles in the air or any small toys when you can not watch your cat. Fishing toys can be dangerous too. I had one experience with my cat who love fishing toys. One day i was holding her fishing rod toy it in the air. She jump down from her cat tree running full speed and jump for the fishing toy and the rope accidentally wrapped around her front leg. I am glad when i felt the tug in my hand i let go. I could see her licking her front leg and shoulder blade for couple of minutes and shaking her front leg. I brought her to the vet just in case. Vet said nothing too serious with her leg. Probably just a slight pull but nothing to be concern about. However since that incident she never wants to play with any type of fishing rod toy, she runs away from that toy now.
Ah! My cat loves most play but her favourite is also a piece if string or the laser toy! She reacts just like Hugh! :-) I rattle the key ring & she comes darting out from wherever she has been! If it's not playtime & I'm just trying to move the toy from one place to another I have to pick it up super carefully or the smallest little sound from it has her darting ahead wanting to play! :-D
My cat loved pens! I would just leave them on the bed/floor/chair and he would grab, play with and carry around, the other cat I had love foil sweet wrappers crushed into balls. She was even trained t fetch them.
also please have an indoor-only cat :(
I just like how in the end Nigel just rests on her lap lol
I have the exact same white string.  I can get all the cats to come running if I start dragging it around.
Nigel looks like a cat I know named Airies.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
What if the cat just isn't interested in play/exercise? Our cat will play for a few minutes sporadically, but usually just looks at us as if to say: Really? What are you doing? He's an indoor Maincoon/Norwegian Forest (very large normally), we have several different style/types of toys, but still just... nothings. Tips/Advice?
Be careful with the laser pointers! Cats have very sensitive eyes! They also can get frustrated because they can't catch something. See here: http://www.einfachtierisch.de/katzen/katzenhaltung/laserpointer-fuer-katzen-gefaehrlich-oder-grosser-spass-id37737/
No need to buy toys for cats. They will play with just about anything.
OMG My Siamese cat LOVES to play with string, but once he swallowed one and puked it back up, so we rarely let him play with string anymore. It was kinda funny though, but he possible could have choked or other bad things could have happened so that was sad.
My cat Popper found a small strip of foam weatherstripping when we were insulating the house for winter. He was obsessed with it..we nicknamed it Mr. Strippy and Popper played with it constantly.  Eventually it got lost, but when we offered him a new one he was not interested.\nAnother cat of ours, Blackbeard, was absolutely terrified of an stuffed catnip mouse we had. One of our other cats managed to rip it open and pull out the catnip and stuffing. Well, once it was no longer stuffed, Blackbeard loved it. He would carrry  Flat Mouse everywhere, even when he was eating or sleeping. One day I was vacuuming and got a little too close to Flat Mouse and sucked him up. Blackbeard sat by the vacuum and cried until I opened the bag and retrieved Flat Mouse.
My baby loved her loose fur. After brushing, she started play with fur and it would become hair ball. I found tens of them under the fridge :-)
*i love cats*\n-I love cats-\nNo dogs\nWait.....\nYou know what?\n*i don't know*
During the winter when my cats can't go outside, Jasmine likes to take a ball with a bell in it, drop it down the basement steps and chase after it. She'll carry it and bring it up stairs again until she's bored.
My cat started having brief seizures from the quick movements of the laser pointer so we no longer use it. Also, always put string away so your kitty won't swallow it.
My cat loves one of those plastic poppers, since its like a half ball it moves weirdly. He loves it!
My cat takes litterally anything, string,dust,ANYTHING! Its best. toy. EVER.
I tried to pet a cat once,  got like 10 scratches on my hand in like a sec...... The reason I prefer dogs.
Ji ji ji
notification squad
Cats and babies= angels.
e i sottotitoli?
🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱
Ivy used to pinch little baubles off my miniature Xmas tree.
That's so funny! And interesting facts!
In my school I just watched this and it's still school I my mom said I cant go to school
poke a hole in a bottle cap... and add.. fishing line.\nI would roll the bottle cap down the hall... and with the line I could bring it back and easily roll it again.. \nCheap and kept my cats busy for hours of great play time.
Yes, I need to get down on the floor with a little flashlight and gripper tool and find all the little toys under my hutch, dressers and sofa.  Find a jackpot once in a while!
I love the cat in the animation it's so cute also sat with my cat
Had to pause the video because my youngest cats favorite toy is the laser mouse keyring and she's also learned the sound of the keyring and will run from wherever she is when she hears it.
My cat likes when you take a stick and put it under  a blanket and move it around so she can kill the blanket and what's underneath 😂
My kitten Kona's favorite toy is a jackson galaxy fishing rod toy and she will chase it around the house everywhere for sometimes hours.
After having a cat for a few years, my husband brought home a kitten to help with his separation anxiety when we leave for work. The rescue kitten absolutely loves every toy we have, like strings, bell balls, and every other thing she can get her paws on (including garbage and socks) but the older one only likes his battle worn fishing rod with a mouse on the string.  Sadly, the kitten was a stray who hasnt quite learned that feet and hands are not toys, but it's been far easier trying to teach her not to bite and draw blood than it has been to teach my husband not to rough house with her. Its taken weeks to convince him that her aggressions towards us is directly related to using hands for play, something that gets her frustrated and angry, and its still a constant issue trying to get him to understand that he needs to stop playing and ignore her when she goes after hands instead of toys. Honestly he's far more difficult to train than the cats xD
Nigel is a cutie. The cat I mean.
Of my 4 cats, Archie loves playing with a length of rope and will chase it for hours. Penguin will bat at bubbles and is the only form of play that we have together, Chester loves a Mouse fishing rod toy, and Murphy's favorite toy is Chester.
That laser pointer tip Nicky gave makes alot of sense. And the end video kind of ended on that note too :D
our cat is very old and doesnt like to play\nmy uncles cat is untouchable because he does the hand thing\nshrug
We have three cats, a 17 year old Tuxedo, a 12 year old Maine Coon, and a 2 year old female Tortie. I got them one of those toys you put treats in, and them the cat is supposed to knock it over to get a treat. Well, the eldest isn't into playing with that toy. But, the big male Maine Coon sits there and waits for the young female to bash the toy, get the treat to drop, and then HE eats it. She does all the work, and he gets all the benefits. I feel sorry for her, so I usually just give her a treat.
My cat's favorite toy was the small,, twist-on cap of a toothpaste tube - she would paw/pounce at it from one end of the empty [and dry] bathtub after I threw it to the other end.
Tony's favorite toy was the collar on his tie-out.  It's a woven slip collar that he inherited from my first cat, Fluffy.  Before and after letting him out on it, I'd dangle the folded end of it in the air and on the ground.  He *LOVED* how it rustled through the grass.  I only play with toys that they can actually catch and leave the video games (laser toys).\nBeyond that, his favorite activity was watching my mice run in their wheels.  Both he and Fluffy respected them, so MOST of my mice, if nothing else, tolerated his presence (when I was around; this is also why my dogs and cats are forbidden in my room unless I'm in there).  I swear that it was like porn to him.  Fluffy just preferred to ignore my mice (no sense in wanting what you can't have).
Our little hurricane Felix's fave toys are the grownups, Scooter and Greydon. She will jump from chair to chair to chase and try to catch their upraised tails.
I don't even have a cat. But your voice and the general atmosphere of these videos calm me.
dear simons cats dad !!  my cats are indoor cats ans have about 40 toys !!   can you tell me why my male cat who has been done  likes to hump me every night on my arm befiore he goes to sleep !!
My cat is weird the fishing rod cat toy my tuxedo Bristol doesn't like the furry end he likes playing with the stick he will actually grab it out of my hand and start wrestling around with it🙄🤔
SIMON...PLEASE PLEASE ...make more of your cats adventures videos...I do like the ones with the vet, but I have rewatched all your oldie goldies...thank you for all your videos
Can you address socialization for cats in the same home? When are they fighting, when are they playing, when are they the same?
Your cat behavioral expert is so hot! Please show her more!
Buster  liked the clear bic pens the made a lot of noise on the wood floor.
I love this cat
I taught my cats no bite and no nails....they either use no nail or bite or do it very gentle. All 5 do this!
keep up the great work
String / shoe lace with the know works well doesn't it?! My cat likes ribbon too.
My 1 year old black cat, Samantha (good name...she's a terror...lol) absolutely loves a yellow stuffed dog toy. She carries it around in her mouth, and when she wants me to play she drops it on top of my foot. Then we play catch the moving toy. She tugs on it like a dog, shakes it like a dog, and fetches it. Then her other favorite toys are marbles! She LOVES to chase marbles (she has about a dozen scattered about) and in the middle of the night I hear her chasing and hitting the marbles. If one goes under a dresser or the fridge, she meows and meows until I get it out for her. we also play the hiding game. When we lock eyes, I quickly hide my eyes between a chair or my bed, and she sneaks up on me to lock eyes w me again. I hide my gaze and she jumps up on the bed to attack me playfully. She is SO much fun!
My cat Loki loved a rolled up piece of foil. Eventually I had to take it away from him because I noticed sparkly poop in the litter box. Oops!
Our ferret's favourite toy was our tabby, Loki.
My 7 month old Zaya loves to play. She likes most toys but she seems to prefer homemade toys. And she loves to play fetch!! My Meeka doesn't play with toys. But they both love the red dot from the laser toy! I have a video on my channel of my kitties and the red dot. ❣ 🐾🐱🐾❣
My cat loves feather toys the only problem is she trys to eat them to much
My cat tickles um well he likes to cuddle with only not anyone else and also he  rarely plays but when he does his rlly cute because hid cheeks give his cuteness away he is part British shorthair
I've spent lots of money on cat toys. Jack always winds up playing with the rubber band off the news paper. He doesn't chew it, he just bats it around until he's worn out or my wife makes me pick it up.
Get a cheap hollow plastic ball that is the same size as a table tennis ball. Cut it in half and it's the perfect shape and size for a cat to pick up in it's mouth. Start flicking it around and see if your cat will play fetch.
My cat is evil he plays with mice till they die then leave it alone
OMGosh  Laser toys...I always ended the game by putting the toy on the carpet to let HarryHat and sister MinnieCat watch the light go inside its house. Then they knew the game was over
I know it's been a long time but I'm still sorry for your loss of Hugh. I miss my Kewpie very much.
What if my dog plays with my cat? She would just be on the floor waiting for the dog to follow her, when she gets tired, she simply leaves. Is that ok?
my cats are very lazy But they still play!
My cats prefer a string or a piece os paper, although sometimes they want to play with the curtains or tablecloth
I have 3 cats but only one has any real interest in laser toys.  The last laser I had also had a little chain and boy she got excited when she heard it.  One of my other cats does this cute little 'jiggling bobblehead' thing sometimes when she gets real into whatever toy she's stalking.
I had a siamese cat who loved to play with hands but was very gentle when biting etc. Never used his claws.
My cat likes to hide in the garden and do suprise attacks, she jumps out and pats you on the leg. Sometimes it can be a real jumpscare.
My cat loves play time. She has toys everywhere. No matter what toy I'd buy her, she always uses me as her post still. Her favorite toy is, bottle caps, and small rubber balls. 😻😻 Bella is my profile pic. ❤️
I have two kittens, 5 months old, brother and sister, and I never bought any toy, rather make some. Scratching post with a log from the garden nailed on a plank from a disused wooden furniture and some thick rope around it; old shoe laces hanging from book shelves from little balls of wool at the end; old Tesco shopping bags and damaged cardboard boxes...They love everything, it's brilliant! Especially used tissues for some reasons =^-^=
Did you know cats can see into the ultraviolet, but not much into the red. This may be why some cats could care less about red laser dots. They may not be able to see it very well. They do sell them in blue and green too.\nOur cat's favorite toy is a bird (feathers) on a string on a stick with a string on the tail.
I had a cat who learned within a minute where the laser pointer was coming from and if you turned it on, he would look at it and promptly walk over and smack it out of your hand.
Best video in youtube
My 15 year old kitteh loves cardboard boxes.  Every time I bring one home she claims it as her own and will play in it for hours.
One of my cat loves straws... we always get an extra straw when we go to mcdonalds to take home for him. He LOVES it he will take it away from the others and growl if another cat comes over to sniff at his straw. Haha!
My kitty for some reason LOVES LOVES LOVES tissues! It can’t be just any tissue though it has to be balled up, otherwise he’ll completely ignore it!
Simon, I thought you knew better. If a cat swallows a string it could kill them. You should have said to be sure to put all string toys away when you are not there to play with your cat to make sure they are safe.
My cat loves strings (or shoelaces), too. But I always have to closely supervise when he plays with it, because he always want to swallow it. All of it... 🙂
Cats are just dumb!!!
Cuando traducen al español???
Un gato muy habilidoso, en todo lo que hace parece muy inocente, pero es muy astuto, y eso me encanta!!!
no new movies for a long time.....  I'm unsubscribe......
I've stopped buying my cat toys bc she prefers balled up pieces of paper to play catch with. She recognises the sound of me balling up paper and gets ready to play. I love her, she's so playful :)
My cat loves strips of toilet paper. His eyes just light up!  I may give him a whole roll just to see what he does!
My cat ate a bee what do I do?!?!
Unfortunately, my cat ignores the string/sock/rolled up paper and thinks my hands are the toy!
A laser pointer is neat in that it allows the owner to be lazy. Unfortunately it doesn't work with my cat: she watches the dot on the floor, then the hand waving the laser... and aims for that instead.\nHer favorite was a champagne cork: it rolles, bounces, and moves irraticaly. But my mom's dog destroyed that, so she plays with paper balls instead.\nI'll have to buy (and drink) champagne some day... It's for my cat's good!
This makes me so happy
* sees thumbnail *\n* Screams internally bc I'm in class and can't watch *\n* Also cries a bit *\n😂😂😂😭😭😂😂
2014 YouTuber merch should be a thing
WHO ELSE IS BUZZING WITH THE OLDIE CREW BEING BACK TOGEVZ 🌈💞🌸
FILMING SOMETHING SPECIAL *UK YouTubers*
Everyone like this so alfie and zoe can see this cause joe and zoes phone case is in liam paynes new video
Who else watches every single Youtuber here!? I do 😂🙌
It's my birthday can I get 13 likes as I'm turning 13😚❤️
Been waiting for this since the moment I saw all of their insta stories ❤️🎊
It's my birthday on the 31st hopefully I get tickets as a surprise 🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼
Yasssss! The gang back together again!!! It's like Xmas came early!
Wow new video yay 🙌🏻
All my favourite people in 1 video😍❣️
Love when all of the Old School Gang are together <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Missing 2014 youtube so much!! Anyone else??
OMGGGGGG I'M SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU ALL TOGETHER 😍
LBW squad xxxx
Lbw Squaddd
I see u scrolling through the comments!!Get back up☝🏽😂
Pause at 0:49
Love Alfie's vlogs 😊💗
THAT THUMBNAIL THO BUT WHERE IS TANYA 😭😭
😂😂 that was amazing how you and zoella got scared you guys amazing ❤️
So glad to see you all together again!
Love all of you guys ❤️
Hi Alfie!! As I have told you I have got V.I.P tickets and I am soooooooooooooooo exited! I love you so much😘 When my notification pops up my heart pounds out of my chest❤️I love you and Zoe soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much! LBW Squad WHERE YA AT!!!! From H Xx
Lbw squad
#LBW squad reunite ♥️♥️♥️🙋🙋🙋🙋
lbw
LBW SQUAD LIKE 👍 UP
I've been watching you're vlogs every single day for 3 years now I think♥️
Am I the only one that can only set the quality up to 360p?
OH MY GOD!! I AM EARLY FOR THE FIRST TIME!!! 😍😍😍 I AM FROM PH!! 💗
The thumbnail reminds me of 2014 YouTube. It's so nice to see them all together again 😊 LBW 👊
my favourite people all gathered together 💞
LBW squad haha ilysfm Alfie I live in Australia and its after 2am but I'm glad I stayed up so I could watch the vlog xxxxxxxxxx I also have all you notifications on ily
FFIRRSSTTTTTT \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nto like this comment, and probably the last 😣😂😂😂
Can I see you in Witham on England\n2017 on Thursday 28 of September
Love watching yours and Zoe s videos xxx
HI ALFIE I KNOW YOU WONT EVER NOTICE ME BUT I HOPE IF YOU EVER READ THIS COMMENT. Im still happy :)))
LBW SQUADDDD! This video is making me smile already.
Loved seeing then a then all together 😂💖❤️
I want to see the project but I cant come to helloworld
THE YOUTUBERS ARE BACK IN TOWN
If u go to hello world plz video stuff for YouTube!!!
Like if you are in the Lbw squad 💙
How weird, Tyler uploaded a video where Caspar said he smelt like carrots
SHOUTOUT TO THE 2014 SUBSCRIBERS OF THE 2014 YOUTUBE GANG!!!!!
Love you so much alfie, I've been LBW-ing for 4 years😍😍😘♥️♥️
Will there be another her hello world ? Xx
Early,LBW Squad & 454th comment
Can't wait ❤️
LBW SQUAD XXXX
Lbw quad where you at xxx
Awwwh, CASPAR :DD
LBW squad where you at?! ❤❤❤💪
Love I Alfie #lbw #notification
#EARLY
#LBW
💕
Lbw squad , c u at helloworld 😉🙈😆😆😆💜
Squad untied😁
#lbw 💪🏽🙌🏽👋🏽
LBW!!!!!
Lbw squad . I love your videos , Alfie ❤
LBW ayyeee
I love you alfie
NOTIFICATION SQUAD ❤️
Lbw squadddd💞💞💞
There backkkk
Lbw squaddddd ❤️❤️❤️
Lbw
Lbw squad where you attttt xx
Lysm LBW squad!!!
Wadduppp lbw squad!!
I love your vlogs soooo much!!! Lbw squad! ❤️❤️
LBW SQUAD
LBW SQUADDD
Alfie
#LBW Squad ❤️❤️❤️
Lbw club??!!
LBW👌
Lbw squad 🙌👍👌👋😊
Notification squad?
LBW SQUADSD
LBW crew  xx💞🇨🇮
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪
Hell yeah youtube crew\nGreat vlog today Lbw squad here 😊😀
Lbw gang
Lbw squad💕
#lbws👌👌👌
Yayayyayaya so exited😍😍😍😍
YOUTUBE CREW 2014
Notification squaddd where you atttt
the video went up like 1 minute ago, how have 5 people already decided that the dont like the video? \nmakes me sad
Who else liked before he even said goodmorning??❤️
LBW SQUADD❤️ the youtuber gang are back togetherrrr💙
BACK TOGETHER YESS
The red van/trailer thing makes me think of the wmyb music video lol
All the bad ones.
Lol I can so easily tell between them two, maybe it’s cause I’ve been watching them since 2014... but idk
Ahhh the MERELL twinssss 😍 there so freaking cute especially there laugh 😭❤️
PLEASE SUB TO MYCHANNEL!!
MERRELL TWINS YAY
lol vanessa was super akward at the beggining
I LOVE😂😂😂
merrell twins <3
Omg they collabed
yeahhh merrell twinssss
Dolan twins
That was Hilarious!!
Vannessa had different nail polish
😂😂😂
QUEENNSSSS YASSSS
Collab with the Dolan twins plzzzzzz
Far out Tyler seems so obnoxious, Rachel deserves better tbh 🙃
dolan twins 😏
Freaking love the Merrell twins
So savage 😂
Good mythical morning poster
BEST VIDEO EVERRRRRR
Best youtuber
Did anyone see the guava juice box at the back
I added you on snapchat
Did anyone else see the gmm poster
Dear rclbeauty101,I want to thank you for letting Cameron Dallas and Veronica Merrell meet you will forever be in my heart thank you for everything written by a person who ships roni with everyone 💕😂
Rachel should get a tripod so she can hold her camera better
I don’t understand how he couldn’t notice the bags switching
I would be able to know because they look different I know which one is which and their voices are a bit different
you could of said I changed  shirts
Lol I love the Merrell Twins. I would be able to tell right away because they are so distinct to me 😂.
Actually there's another difference about the Merrell twins too, apart from they're nails the other difference is Vanessa's eyes are more apart from each other and Veronica has her eyes more closer to each other.
Did you and Isac brake up
I bet I'm the one person who can pronounce caoimhe😂
when you watch Merrell twins so much that you can see that there's a big difference between Veronica and Vanessa
Rachel pls do another prank like with twins on someone else
Her bf is so chatty i like it
Veronica has a smaller face\nWhile vanessa has a little bit bigger than roni
Omg!!! I wish I had a twin  so I could trick my friends 😂
Oh my god MY FAVORITE YOUTUBERS IN ONE VIDEO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
They don't look alike anymore
Can u do eat it or wear it with tyler
So happy to see them together:)
The stain scene in the end though!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'm subscribed too them and colab with them more
I think they should do the same with the dolan twins
i was filled with joy when i saw them in the vid
Omggggggg my 2 fav youtuber in one video!😍😭✨❤️
It's trending 💛
Clicked because of the Merrell Twins\nLOL 😂
Rachel is so damn cute.
BEST COLLAB EVER
That was really cutee
Omg my name is Vanessa too
Nooooo Veronica's stain
Noo the coffee stain 😂😂
Whut about Isic
Random Question: do u have dimples??
Theyre dipples 😭😍💕'
omg i hate tyler
Good job merrell twins 🤣🤣🤣
I've already subbed to rclbeauty101
Yayyy!!! OMG 😱😱😱😍😍😍
im sad they boke up sorry cant spell today 😣😣😣🙁🙁🙁
I actually really wanna kno
they're cute :) nice trick lol
I would notice
Is Tyler your boyfriend
OH MA GAWD YESSSSS IVE BEEN WAITING!!!!
It took him 7 switches to notice
⬅️⏮ It was so funny when he noticed!
i could tell them apart
Helpful feedback:\nHello Rachel I really love you and your channel but you're  recent videos aren't the best videos ever, don't get me wrong you're trying something different but I love you anyway, maybe you could do these and other videos I don't know buh bye.
Nvm
Do the spicy ramen noodles challenge plzzz
Remember when she didn't have any subs
You should totally do a under vlogs channel.
I love these new vlogs and I love how your switching it up but are you still going to be posting other types of videos?
He still didn't notice the different bags 😅
Rachel, I love your intro to your vlog videos
Wait she got a new boyfriend what I haven't watch her videos in a long time her boyfriend was someone else I guess they broke up im sad
Can u do more diy projects please
Lol that is so funny you fooled him you should do it at April fools day
she broke up with last one
They have different voices
I just recently found out about these twins because a YouTuber did a video with them and then the next day you make one? Okay that's creepy
Lmao he was so lost 😂😂
Rachel I'm enjoying theses  vids but there are getting boring
Who noticed that they had, different color nails ?
I knew that coffee stain was going to screw them up
Vanessa: I spilled on myself. I'm throwing it away. >:(\nMe: *licks shirt* Can I have another one? >:D
Wait is that a real glitch...
I CAN'T HEAR EVEN WITH THE VOLUME ALL THE WAY UP
I like these vlogs but I also love ur old videos so could u do like an Alisha Marie thing so u could do both
Do a eat it or wear it challeng
Vanessa and Veronica are so pretty 😍
i cant believe she threw the cookie away tho...
You guys should start a YouTube channel for The Under Vlogs
Why do the purses matter?
Rachel, you should do a collab with kian and jc
Since you're asking... No, darling, it's not too much to ask. I was just late, don't be such a drama-queen!
I love her soft voice, I like her song, but my favorite is Slow Hands !!!
Niall Horan you never failed to amaze us always
If only he got more solos in 1D
Nial is going to be the most successful among all the 1D members
just been 3 days and 2 million views? Holy shit, wow.
I miss one Direction. 😢\nI love you guys❤❤🌹
Anyone else think this song could be about the rest of 1D? Like 'my shadows dancing without you for the first time' could be about him going on tour soon without the rest of the boys
#POLAND We need Niall's concert
When did Niall grow this much? Who else is thinking this?
1:36 imagine if the rest of the boys were Louis, Zayn, Harry and Liam 😭😭😭
I AM SOO PROUD OF YOU NIALL😭😭💖
wow wow wow, it's perfect <3
I miss the boys😭😢
he was starting in one direction like: '' that adorable boy''\nnow he is this damn great (adorable) man.........\n\nbtw i'm still waiting for a collab with Ed Sheeran
Now ım crying 😭 WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH 😢😢😢❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👌👦🏼
Everyone who supports Nile I love you.😍😘\nI am translating it on Google, I am not good at English. I'm sorry.😖😣🙏
best of the best, 5 star for this song
This song is amazing! Niall is getting better and better in his solo career. I miss seeing them boys together tho. 😭
sooo good,but I'm the only one who misses 1D ?
Niall and zayn are the best out of all the boys
I didn't know that the rest of 1D had 1k accounts to dislike
I'm in love with this song! 💓
You never let x-factor's judges down, YOU made US proud, more musics to come nialler 💕 you've made it this far. Thank you and I love you 💗
20th October... can't wait for the album.
Imma die dammit..!! \nI love him..but he looks so sad dunno why I am smiling and and i am Crying both the fucking feelings at the same time.! 🎭\nEdit : Sorry for swearing!!
Plot twist: The song is actually about 1D
Why's it only you im thinking of niall
background is similar to let her go
Is it weird that i find him interesting only after he went solo? Like i always sing his songs on smule! Haha!
So proud of you niall!!!
I dont know why but i think this music fit to games life is strange
OMG So Emotional Can't Take It\n...  Its. Just. Too. Perfect.  Help Me I'm Dead 😍😢
I miss you niall, i want to see you niall😢😭. I'm from indonesia❣️
niall sitting on that room alone makes me so damn emotional
So many people in this city.  But we still lonely.  Live in this city is only a pretending.  I more choose to live in myvillage
NIAAAAAALL MY BOY ❤️ Love u so much
Niall is a precious gem that must be protected at all costs
Nialler you are so beautiful sweet and kind I have not idea why they didn't let you sing Torn with the boys instead you played guitar you have the most beautiful voice ever 😍 But it makes me cry that you've grown up so fast 😣😥
Why he have only 1M subscriber..??😬😬
Why doesn't he has the views and likes he deserves?? I'm so sad...
He's so fucking talent
MY LOVEEEE, I'M SO PROUD!! Love you
I can't stop listening to this song omg 😍😍😍🔥
On a endless repeat. Love
i like tiz song, it show someone life was broke up and look for another day same like before get couple.
I just  wanna know which are those 1000 bloody creatures??????
Wow this is so amazing !!!
Niall, without you i'm sick..
Come on Guys, Just 1 more song back together as 5. Please
WHO BROKE HIS HEART!?💔
I'm actually crying and no.. not in a cool way 😭
Love this Songs\nI love u Niall horan I alway love when u first come on the X factor and than one direction and I can't wait until your album come out
He literally killed my heart 🙂💔💔💔💔💔💔💔,, \nYou might be upset that you don't have a girlfriend to take care of you 🙂✋,,  But at least you have us 🙂✋,,  We love you naill❤,And we will always love you 🙂✋❤❤
He is giving so great music but y the hell no response
I LOVE YOU
Better then perfect..😘😘
nice music 😍😍
#Poland
love his voice
😭😭😭😭😭😭
😍😍😍😍😢😢😢
its so sad
sadness all loneliness
Beautiful song, outstanding singer.
jomblo😭
Amazing song 😍
It feels divine
Really amazing.. Love u nail
WHO HURT HIM. WHO HURT NIALL
💖
Beautifuuuul ❤️❤️❤️
This is beautiful. 😢💖
💙💟
i loveee this song❤
Need more views
❤️❤️❤️
Back guys please!!!!!
I LOVE YOOOU
AMEEEEIII
Such a talented guy
Im fucking fascinated Niall!!!
#Poland
😍😍😍😍😍
I LOVE YOU BOI
niall ft shawn please
I love youuu❤❤❤
💜
So proud❤️
My boy grow up 😭❤❤perfect song nialler😄
#Poland
Legend
I love song 💕💕💕
👏👏😍
im inlove with this video!!! and also.. with nialler!! hahaahhahahaah omg.. missing those moments with onedirection....
#Poland
Fuck that guy who upset Niall!!!
Niall 🎵😍
i love you niallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
0:01 love this song😍
Love your videos Casey!!!!!!!
Great video Girl
Use glitter glue mannnn
Loooove this eye look ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Yeah that concealer looks so cakey
Good job... NAIL. 😂
holy concealer
Love this look!!!
Try out fenty beauty
Love this ❤️
You have beautiful natural lashes!
the lipgloss <3
I think the KKW contour pallette looked bomb!!
do you still use the bumble and bumble shampoo and conditioner?! your hair is literally always so pretty even when its not done!!And its so hydrated lol. Love this look also! xoxo
When daisy and rose started barking my dog started barking and freaking out 😂😂
Granted, I don't use NEAR as concealer as Casey, but I use 2 or 3 dots of Tarte Shape Tape, and 2 dots of the Milani she used on my under eye.  This combo for me, covers and brightens and does a great job.
Literally I freaking LOVE the eyes their so insanely beautiful 😭😭😭😭 I want that eyeshadow palette so bad 😭
Img your should do a collab with Chloe morello. U remind me of her
Your lips are like perfectly filled in this vid like they look so pretty here <3
Ok I'm so sorry I love your channel but Omg you low-key look like Allisa Violet in the thumbnail, sorry for being annoying but no one has seemed to notice.
I always apply any lid eyeshadow with my fingers, it's the best way to apply shimmers. I love both of Huda's palettes ! 😉
Yes to more throwback throwdown videos! The YSL babydoll is still my favourite mascara 🙋🏼
The entire video I could NOT stop looking at your eyeshadow!!! Now I need the Huda palette
FYI the MILK makeup lip in the color C.R.E.A.M isn't new... I've had it for over a year.
Laying down, eating a large cup of italian ice... my guilty pleasure😭 \n2 videos wont hurt.. i said\n5 videos later.... \n4:00am... oh boy...
That lip combo is beautiful!!!  Also, I enjoyed seeing a look sans false eyelashes.
Using my finger doesn't bother me for the lid. I always use them actually. I wash my hands first though. And I never break out from it! Xoxoxo
I wish I had your makeup skills girl💜 so pretty!
Your videos literally give me joy!! Thankyou for being super amazing at making YouTube videos and super amazing at makeup!!❤️
I pretty much always apply my lid shade with my finger. I just feel like it's so much more pigmented that way. But I also don't have fake nails. And what someone said earlier about the cheapy foam applicators is so true!
I really enjoy applying shadows with my fingers
I love how you've been coming out of your comfort zone and using vibrant colors on your eyes! The looks are GORGEOUS and you still look like Casey lol. xoxo
I don’t mind applying eyeshadows with my finger, sometimes it’s the easiest or fastest way to get some color pay off. Also I love your honesty in all your videos and the fact that you can be yourself! Thank you girl for the video!
Ooh I love that gloss on you!! So pretty
I love this video so much 😍😍😍😍
Living for that eye look.
Your eyes are stunning in this video!! Love the look
Hey:) does anyone have the lancome and the becca highlighter and could tell me the difference between these two?:) bc i think about purchasing the lancome one but im not quite sure since they look kinda similar and i already own the becca champagne Pop..🤔
Who else thinks she looks like alissa violet?
I love this look! So pretty. You're always gorgeous Casey!
i REALLY like that foundation on you !
Going to pass on this palette but since I use a lot of Colourpop I don't mind applying with my fingers because that is the best way to use the super shock shadows. Tfs.
My favorite makeup is becca the only makeup I use
Using an old school eyeshadow sponge works like your finger. I can't use my finger bc I end up looking crazy.
I usually apply my lid shade with my finger
Girl you do great.... You make it look easy! I have a feeling i would get annoyed with it. 😬
That moment you realize Casey Holmes is in a movie on netflix 😍😍😍 i pretty much died inside.
“I feel like I look like I lost 10lbs” 😂😂 I love these kind of videos! Love you Casey! 💕
I must admit I never use a brush for my eye make up and I use my ring and pinky fingers for application, I know that can be really difficult with nails and a lot of people say it will mess up my shadows because of my oils. I still do it. lol make up is for fun and what ever works best for you is what people should just go with :) love you miss Casey!
I like applying shimmers with my fingers bc it gives me the best results when i want it super shimmery. i usually use a brush to touch it up or blend it in with the mattes but i think using your fingers in makeup in general is a great tool.
I really don't mind using my finger to apply glittery/shimmery shadows! I actually prefer it over any flat shader brush because it makes it way more pigmented, but then you can just wet your brush and go in and define all the edges!
Love your videos as always.   I don't like eye shadows that you have to use your finger. I have nails too and it's not easy to use the finger 👎🏼
I always end up using my fingers for anything shiny. I think my brushes are just too cheap and don't pick the shadows up much. Plus I don't like the wet feeling of spraying to intensity colors
Huda palettes are so expensive, therefore you shouldn’t have to use your FINGER!! not paying all that money to not get good quality if i don’t use a brush....
I actually apply all my shimmers with my fingers, because it gives a more intense metallic finish. And I love you and this look!
It's so strange how different skin types do with different products. I love that Milani concealer but I have dry skin right now. I also think it's high coverage but I only use a small amount. Great video Casey!
Can u do a video review the moda brushes u got in PR please!!!!!
I love the Eyeshadow look created....wow sooo stunning!  I don’t mind using my fingers to apply any kind of shadow.  When I’m in a rush I do apply with my fingers and then blend with a brush.  <3 💜💖💜💖💜
when will you bring out your fenty beauty review?
I'd be okay with using my fingers for maybe one or two shimmers or glitters in a palette but not the whole thing.. I've got longer nails as well so it can be annoying
I love the eye shadow look, gorgeous, but the foundation had a bit of a grey look on you. You are beautiful though Casey.
I'm so glad she doesn't try to hard
I apply with both
Kept giving me a heart attack because I've seen that pressed glitter fall right out when some are doing looks.
Do people just choose random names for eyeshadows like how does it work lol
I absolutely love ur eye look! Now I want that palette 🙄
Ok I think that the bronzer / contour looks amazing on you 😩😩😩
Casey I love you so much! I need advice. Huda beauty Palette or Natasha denona. And if so which one!?! Xoxo
I use a glitter glue for ANYTHING SHIMMER/glitter. I just makes that sparkly sh*t look so much pigmented and there's no fall out
Have you tried the new fenty foundation?? How did you like it?
I hate applying shadow with my fingers. I have long nails and chubby fingers, so it is not at all precise. I know people hate them, but the cheap little sponge tips are the closest alternative I can find to your fingers. They apply these types of shadows wonderfully.
I prefer fingers for the lid because the shadow is a lot more pigmented that way and pops a lot more. Brush for crease.
You’re stunning casey 😭💖 i love your videos so much!
Please do a full face or as close as you can get of throwback thrown down!
Anyone knows which essence mascara she is talking about? Thanks
I apply almost all my glitter shadows with my fingers instead of spraying my brush
The eye look in this video is EVERYTHING wow
Casey you could try using a sponge applicator to put the shimmery/glitter shadows.  Loved this look you've come up with today xx
Casey you have to collab with nikkie, I love her and you❤️❤️❤️
Stupid question, why not try one of those foam eyeshadow brushes for the glitters? Like the O.G eyeshadow brushes that come in the cheap palettes.
Wow I love that eye makeup!!
Giiiiirrrrl! You! I just watched your snapped about your day not being good because no one has manners! I can be in the best mood and someone doesn't use their manners like they were raised in a damn barn. Today going through a drive through.. EVERYtime she handed me something I said a simple thank you, with a smile. This girl DID not even say a single thing back, no smile nothing. I said YOU'RE WELCOME when I was done 🙄
Casey: I think I'm gonna skip lashes today \nMe: wait WHAT?!? 😱
Obsessed with your first impression videos!!! ❤️❤️
I don't own any of these products but I do love your high light it's beautiful!!!
When I don't wanna use my finger I use an old school sponge tip applicator
Hey what is that duo fibre brush you used to tone done the last highlight you put on? I need one of those!! I love your vids. These ones are my fav.
I could watch you all day, Casey! You're so freakin pretty❤
This eyeshadow look is so beautiful!! And yes please bring back your throwback videos!! 🙌🏼
I'm good with applying things with my fingers. I apply my face make-up with fingers (well, I use to) and some shadows look so much more poppin' when you use fingers.
I personally prefer putting shimmers on with my fingers, other than that... I'm all brush!
I don't mind using my finger to add the glitter eyeshadow. If the pallet is good it wouldn't bug me at all. ❤️
Have have the Becca foundation and it works great for me!
The KKW bags sound like you are opening a bag of chips or popcorn. SO satisfying haha
love the eye shadow..... and if u ever get an extra it cosmetics lux brush given to ya and wanna give it away haller lol been wanting that brushhhhh!  mommy of 3 so not extra money for brushes 4 real
I thought that the foundation on the side with the sponge looked amazing. I have very red cheeks and I love seeing how foundations look on your skin cause if they work for you they usually work for me. And after you set the concealer I thought your face looked amazing. I was shocked with how flawless your face looked. I have to try them! Thank you. I love your videos 😘♥️
This is my favorite eye look you've done. I might have to go buy that huda palette. Love your videos!
I don't mind using my fingers, I'm kinda your opposite, I'm much more precise with my fingers than a brush lol. Also love me some glitter and I've seen it is easier to finger than brush 😜.
Where is your top from? xoxo
Where did you get that shirt? 😍😍
Banana Bread Recipe\n\n    Prep time: 10 minutes Cook time: 55 minutes Yield: Makes one loaf \n\nNo need for a mixer for this recipe! Clean-up is easy too, if you want, you can mix everything in one mixing bowl.\n\nThe best bananas to use for banana bread are those that are over-ripe. The yellow peels should be at least half browned, and the bananas inside squishy and browning.\nIngredients\n\n    2 to 3 very ripe bananas, peeled\n    1/3 cup melted butter\n    1 teaspoon baking soda\n    Pinch of salt\n    3/4 cup sugar (1/2 cup if you would like it less sweet, 1 cup if more sweet)\n    1 large egg, beaten\n    1 teaspoon vanilla extract\n    1 1/2 cups of all-purpose flour\n\nMethod\n\n1 Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C), and butter a 4x8-inch loaf pan.\n\n2 In a mixing bowl, mash the ripe bananas with a fork until completely smooth. Stir the melted butter into the mashed bananas.\n\n3 Mix in the baking soda and salt. Stir in the sugar, beaten egg, and vanilla extract. Mix in the flour.\n\n4 Pour the batter into your prepared loaf pan. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour at 350°F (175°C), or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean.\n\n5 Remove from oven and let cool in the pan for a few minutes. Then remove the banana bread from the pan and let cool completely before serving. Slice and serve. (A bread knife helps to make slices that aren't crumbly.)
I want this comment to float to the top please.
Number 1. It's good
Nothing will beat IT almost jumping out of that MF book...
Intergalactic terror? What you meant to say is inter-dimensional terror
I'm not watching IT! It was a nightmare when I was when I was a kid, it'll be hell now I'm grown up trying become friends with party clowns -- never mind, until I meet a clown with a beautifully made-up face, I'll just stay away from them again.
I just got home from seeing it and I was blown away! it was hands down the best and most SCARY movie I have ever seen. I cannot believe how well made this movie was. a must see!!!!!
How did they get to say the N word on the tv series.
I don't know why but i loved when the clown popped right out of the screen and became huge.
Why is this cunt still narrating the videos?
The kids fucked in the book
The 2017 version is more terrifying and a truer adaptation of the book overall. \n\nIf you polish a turd it's still a turd. It was farthest from an adaptation as you could get in my opinion. The dynamics, the characters, any sense of subtlety that the book had was lost to modern horror movie stereotypes and lazy writing.
Then mike #7 came back as candyman...see why you have to fuck with him 😂😂
Man, I haven't seen this channel in ages. These guys have gone this desperate for ideas? Damn.
5:43 Daddy PLEASE!!!!!!
I float........in the sea
Top 10 steven king sex scenes.\nYa fucking pussies.
Do everything there float? Answer me pennywise!!
OMG
Hey was upppppppp!!!!
What did differently?
Pennywise: We all float down here, yes we do *laughs*\nEddie: *SCREAMS!*
Georgie's death was really disturbing
2:22 like my girl does to me
WHY AM I GETTING CONDOM COMMERCIALS
Great content that's a lofty thing for a top 10 channel to say
congrats for being on the trend list
Wow. How edgy the comments are here.
Bruh this movie wasn't even good
What about the space turtle?
I aint going outside on Halloween freaking some kid will dress as it and be in the sewer oh hell naw
The dancing scene was the best scene 😂
I still hate clowns.
2:22 it SUCKS him dry
How is this trending?
BEEP BEEP RICHIE
🎈
will i float tho?
https://www.facebook.com/travis.azure.5/videos/958787910929070/    scary
Why is this trending?
ShIT2017
The original was much scarier
IT was more of a thriller than a scary movie to me.
What happened to the orgy scene?
1990 the clown is kinda scary but he looks nice
0:48 IT = Intergalactic Terror. Wait, what? Well, that makes sense. (No I didn't read the book if it's in there.)
We shall float\n\n\n\n\n\n\nW E W I L L F L O A T
IT 2017 was not a remake of the 1990 one!!!!!
It 2017 is the best horror move ever
I’d float for an early copy of Super Mario Odyssey.
Got to read the book
Top 10 things that what did differently?
The character of Pennywise is an allegory for the homosexual pedophiles that prey on young boys. You'd be shocked just how common this type of behavior is within the homosexual community. Scary. 😰
This IT clown doesn't look scary, looks like a chipmunk or rabbit. Maybe they have bubonic plague.
You guys fucked up they did have Georges funeral in the 2017 movie
Why is this on trending?
Moito loko
I dislike IT videos not because I don't like them but because I feel I need to even it out because people are freaking out over it like calming down people.
Watch mojo logic\n1. Clowns appearance\n2. Actors for the loser\n3. Actor for Pennywise\n4. Actor for silts\n5. Directer\n6. The movie length\n7. Time of the movie
The top 1 thing IT did differently. \n\nRobbed me of 135 minutes and $23. This movie is gayer than 8 guys blowin 9 guys. Waste of time and money. If you have not seen it yet, but intend to, i suggest buying a pack of razor blades before you go, so you can open a vien after the opening credits. HAVA GOODN
Here's one thing they did differently, actually made a good movie
sorry. went down another rabbit hole.....  didn't like the first one... won't watch the second..... I thought it was a waste of time.....
I watched the new It film, I liked it.
So are we just going to ignore the fact that the balloon is a different color 27 years later?
The nerd 🤓 looking one who talked about everyone moms is a savage I love him 😍
Just go watch the fucking movie. Subscribe also
Lmfao found a leak to the whole movie https://youtu.be/1Oq5Q2G9rj8
So Beverally had an orgy with the losers club?
The old It was more scary
The clown’s run is the best thing I’ve ever seen...
I thought the original IT was a horrible film.
The new one was pure shit.
I love all three IT stories
The IT on the left if the thumb nail looks like KSI rape face lol
Damn..you should have shown It mauling Georgie  from the 2017 film.
Welcome to the comments. We all float down here....and you'll float too! 🎈
You'll float to, You'll float to, You'll float to. YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!!
Bada bing, bada boom why is this on trending?
Am 11 and am going to going to go see it with my friends on Saturday
i’m already floating
Horror 
Number 18 on trending nice job.
Georgie
YOUR FLOAT TOOOOOO
Slaughter IT🔪🔪
😂😂😂😂🅱🅱😂\n🅱🅱🅱😂🅱🅱😂\n🅱🅱🅱😂🅱🅱😂\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂\n😂🅱🅱😂🅱🅱🅱\n😂🅱🅱😂🅱🅱🅱\n😂🅱🅱😂😂😂😂
Another Spoiler\n\n\n\n\n\nbitch u thought :)
It sucks him dry
YOU'LL FLOAT TOO
“It sucks him dry” damn pennywise got no chill 😤😤😫
Always ruining the OGs
🎈Every 27 years,Pennywise shall rise🎈
YOU'LL FLOAT TOO! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
We all bloat down here.
*You'll float too*
￼
What did something differently?
Penny Stock Investing Tips and Alerts Newsletter | Penny Stock Prophet http://bit.ly/2fnyAGc
She slurred the hell outta WatchMojo.com
🎈
he sounds like hes rapping when he speaks. just throw a beat over this interview and job done
Clara is very beautiful AND a great interviewer!!!!!
Clara is so damn good at her job
🐐🐐🐐
Great interview. Very natural. Good work Clara!
🐐
JAY-Z top 2 DOA and he's not 2 🐐🐐
Love the man, fountain of wisdom.
This girl is good well done Clara
He's really wealthy...yet so humble...if this was let's say one of these new mumble rappers they'd be acting all fresh and cool.
“Have you got anything written down?” .......you don’t know jay z very well lol
*Jay-z is a living legend.*
Gotta shout our the pretty and well spoken, chocolate goodness, Clara Amfo. Never seen her before but glad I'm seeing her today.\n\nAs for the interview, being a big fan of Hov, I've never been the biggest fan of Jigga when he has spoken in interviews over the years but I liked the way he sounded here. Very introspective and the logic behind his thoughts were pretty dead on. \n\nGreat interview, all around.
I just realized I haven't heard him speak before? lol
Big up Clara.
I feel bad I stole a lil episode - Jay Z on Game Of Thrones
The 🐐 himself!
444
What a legend
Nice speech 💙🎵🎶🎷🎸🎤🇬🇧🇺🇸
Nice
These streets school us to spend our money foolish.
We won't see another interview with Hov in a long time. Appreciate this one! The greatest of all time Jiggaman Jay HOVA!
Peace in the name of Christ. Somebody please get the following short vid in front of Jay Z: https://youtu.be/pFb0Xu2xJYg
I'm guessing Hov was here for the Basquiat exhibition.
I figured he was still working #noHaircut = #AlbumMode
With all that money and he can't even fix his ugly face?
Give the man a glass of water he keeps apologizing about his voice...
I'm telling this for just to people know that this guy may look like humble and shit in front of camera and shit but he isn't this deep shit is a pedophile, satanist and a part of that illuminati shit... some people may not believe I will tell them to look things up..
I just realised I've never actually seen what Clara Amfo looks like. I can now categorically say she looks as annoying as she sounds.
Yeah... lol this is a sophisticated person that I want my 6 year old listening to...\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=jay+z+middle+finger&client=ms-android-att-us&prmd=ivn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjkqMPS-rrWAhUM4SYKHf83CUMQ_AUIESgB&biw=412&bih=652&dpr=3.5
He is here to be on the right side yet rapped at a Hillary Clinton campaign, errrr ok Jay, obviously doesn't know much about the Clinton Foundation, background and crimes!\nAnd then basically says its ok to rob people with mansions, so next time anyone sees Jay its ok to rob him, what a moron!
this was wrong that was wrong let's move own
Capitalism and freedom read the 📚book
Can't concentrate when this guy talks.
Lol i lost my 444 album CD , now im bootlegging it . I have every right to do it . Especially after what i just heard
historical some agent store rent heart alive respondent dog.
We can't afford any mistakes at this point
They say if you love it you should let it out its cage & fuck it if it comes back you know its here to stay👀
Look like Justin Bieber
I'm a fan of Jay Z, and i must admit this interview was great, wasn't just about music but also talks about the other Shawn Carter. Flexible interview well done
Jay is intellectual and from an early age knew exactly how to promote his image to the world. He is an icon in my eyes.
🐐🐐
Marcy's very own🥃
Spits truth
Mr potato  head
Barrs
GAY Z
Enjoying this interview
Goat...😍😍😍
All hail king Hov 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Great interview. Well done Clara!!
🐐
Shame he didn’t do a cover tho
Hov 🙌
Jigga jay z
yet another great jigga interview
Great interview
AMAZING interview
https://youtu.be/VDvr08sCPOc
HOVA
Legend 💯
Thank You,smart men
Great interview
Jay Z — I have no idea what that show is \nJay Z — I think I've been on that show, yeah, yeah
I really love Clara, she always listens so intently and is so keen, she obviously does her research and gets personally close to the music beforehand and has relevant, interesting questions. Love seeing these interviews!
Help a brother out. If you have time give this a look/listen. Much appreciated if you do. Just trying to stay productive. Any and all views mean alot to me.https://youtu.be/cigrWvxOOGE
I think Jay is finally being the artist he’s always wanted to be. He’s clearly stated in his music that he sold out and made pop records on purpose. “I sold 5 mil and ain’t been rhyming like common sense” I know it’s early but this album will be looked at as another classic in his catalog.
2027
Clara grinning bare teeth
j-z do you have any guilt for selling poison to your people?
Great Interview but Clara you shuda known that Jay doesnt write shit down. He does it all in his head!
Never seen a ceiling in my whole life Yeah, of course Jay Z's 5 year old daughter wrote/freestyled that. Jay Z is my favourite rapper, but damn this man talks some shit!
He just gets better with age!
Chipmunk cheek asshole
was waiting on a question about chester tbh
Waal love this tune so much.. thanx Jigga
Never thought Jay never an introspective human being. He solidified that in this interview. He just cared about himself, that's how he got to where he got to. That why Nas won that battle, but the idiocy of America let Jay won. Nas has always been the better hip-hop artist, the free styles and human soul survivalist. Jay, always has love from me, but Nas is always King on that battle.
🐐
Fuck that nigga
G.O.A.T
jay z you're a legend but please stop talking bout politics cuz you know shit
Hes fucking adorable
Shame the album isn't that good though. The one he did with kanye was his last great one.
Ugly disgusting flop satanist
interviewer is fucking shit
1:05 Push the Envelope, Is this a joke~? You're just a rapper, you don't even make your own Beats, how do you even dare saying Push the Envelope. At least Kanye knows how to produce his own beats. You're just a Meat Puppet.
Clara is so ugly how did she get a job she should b Carrying shit on her head
musica ta muito foda mas falto uma batida estilo deep house nela ou eletro house. bem que podia sai um remix dela com o Seeb ai sim,eu não estaria nada exagerando em fala que viraria hit!
My kinda song 💙
😍
luvly
Song with strong beats
my anthem!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lF3cUVqaDtQ
loool this town - niall horan😂❤
This is beautiful. :)
397.286x
just wow ❤️
Issa beat
Hay quá
Beauttttyyyyy
♥ DZ dz dz ..
Ohh kygo chill god
Who's here before 500,000 views ? (Meh Meh Mehhh)
Lts Go.
like before listen
Another soulful collab😘 Keep it up KYGO
loved it
🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵🎵🎵😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Kygo, my mannnnnn
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
So relaxing
Kygo is so amaxing mehn... Such a unique style... Just encapsulates ur soul!!
best \ns0ng
sugoi!
OMG it so nice and it think it alittle diffrent from kygo style 😍😍
MOST UNDERRATED KYGO SONG EVER
fake asfuck
Nice
Collab with Dua Lipa
Kto z POLSKI? <3
The vocals give fuckin goosebumps.. Amazing song Kygo <3 <3
Great work buddy
Wonderful💜
this guy seriously creative
love you dude
Is Kygo A DJ
💙
สบายๆ🎼
Kygo is a darling
Beautiful ❤
Ich liebe dieses lied
THANK YOU FOR BLESSING MY EAR KYGO!!
😍😍
Kygo,  you're amazing.
❤️
looovveee ittt
kygo ft.zayn hit like!!
Kygo is hard hard💪💪
Baby we gotta get ouuuuuuuut 💙💙💙
Amazing!
These Vocals are giving me goosebumps *_*
Dónde están los latinos!!!??
Honestly, I did not like this song. Where's Kygo? Where's his piece? Where's his music part? It just sounds a woman singing with a normal beat.
The lyrics the music everything is just perfect\nTypical Kygo song... Loved it <3
Man I can relate to this song so much.
One of the best songs ever 🔝💞💟
*hey listen. I just want to say thank you for reading this comment. Have a nice DAY!
I think this song is better than stargazing
Is this EDM？\nHow do u think
Who's here before this songs goes viral?
Someone make this background in wallpaper engine pls!
This song speaks of me.
Stargazing and This Town are much better than the songs with Selena Gomez or Ellie Goulding in my opinion
I'd like to see Selena Gomez cover this song.
I wanna wake up to this song like every morning
This town is on fire
This song is gonna blow up biggg😍🎧
While listening to this, me imagining about them two run together ...going somewhere just like a prince and princess... 😇
woooowwwwwwwwwwwwww the vocals is AMAZING!!! I LOVE IT
I love this song!! 😍😍😍😍
This is absolutely beautiful💕
This song make me just want take my bag and travel the world ❤️❤️❤️❤️😍 and never look back
You had gone somewhere, I missed you kygo
Will this song come to google play music ?
It’s been a pleasure to take part in creating this video. The song is amazing! Thank you!
all my friends. they is only kids. but they are in relationship now. i gotta get out this town
The moment When you dont have a Girlfriend and kygo Is romantic aF
this song reads my mind 💕
Let's show some love for kygo and sasha sloan
I adore this song, the beat, the lyrics ...... I love your music, not only this song and I still hope to see you someday in Romania !!! In my opinion you`re making a special kind of music and I repeat I love it, so keep it like that !!!
This is different but its amaznig tho 😍😍😍
This song absolutely descibe my life!
Wow kygo very well done 1 like my comment for a free turtle n a mlg doritios
Her voice is too smoth. Just loved it .
I somehow feel like I've heard this song before.. deja vu maybe? either way I fucking love it
No entiendo bien lo que Dice, pero me gusta.
La música, lenguaje universal. - Music, universal language.
Im addicted to this
999,999 people are before 1 Million views. Just stop😂
This song tells  my life 😔😔
who's depressed as shit right now ???
i love your style :'
Click Settings > Speed > 1.25x -- you're welcome -- thumbs up so others can see this
Id bet the music video would be in Puerto Rico rn, fyi if anyone has any info in south of puerto rico lmk, maria messed up the power & cell service!! Cant contact my family :/
I love this music 😍😘😍😘😍😘
الترجمة \nجميع اصدقائي استقرو ...... هم اطفال فقط ولكنهم متزوجون الان  هيا لنتبع الاضواء هيا لنتبع القطيع ... عزيزي علينا الخروج من هنا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة   .... اريد منضرا للمحيط في مكان ما ما دمت بجانبك لا اهتم لا اريد عيش حياتي في دوائر اريد فقط ايجاد طريق فارغة  هيا لنبتعد من هنا هيا لنذهب.....جميع اصدقائي استقرو ...... هم اطفال فقط ولكنهم متزوجون الان  هيا لنتبع الاضواء هيا لنتبع القطيع ... عزيزي علينا الخروج من هنا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة  ....لا شئ يتغير هنا ابدا انا اعرف يوم جديد وسنة جديدة  نفسه القديم  لا اريد ان اعيش حياتي في دوائر اريد ايجاد طريق فارغ وهيا لنذهب من هنا  هيا لنذهب. جميع اصدقائي استقرو ...... هم اطفال فقط ولكنهم متزوجون الان .  هيا لنتبع الاضواء هيا لنتبع القطيع ... عزيزي علينا الخروج من هنا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة    هيا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة.هيا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة.هيا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة.هيا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة.هيا لنخرج من هاذه المدينة
When she calls him honey❤️
I would watch a weekly one of these not gonna lie
THANK U YESSS U FINALLY MADE A VIDEO WITH WILL THIS IS WHAT I LOVE MOST
PEEJ MUSIC
Your shirt looks like my school uniform
Arden you should just become a meme reaction channel
omg will 6:·0 did you.. lied to me? so cuteeee you guys i love your relationship and maybe some videos about decorating and ikea and things like that and maybe some cooking videos we all loved you guys together!! so easy you just gotta be yourself and make videos we really watch this channel nd will's because we love you :) greetings from Mexico also, if you would like to use your platform for help I would really appreciate it, with the earthquake things has gotten pretty serious a lot of people are homeless now and a lot of people still burried under the buildings :( even little kids :( if you would like to share info about donation of curse you can make sure the site and info is true i would suggest donating via amazon, unicef and carlos slim foundation, red cross you sharing the links really means the world to us Arden. :( love from México!
I love seeing both of your reactions, it was cute yet hilarious. Do some more of these meme videos +ardenrose
this is one of my favorite videos you guys have made
Never seen Arden high until now
this is some quality content right here
this should be a weekly installment
What are you actually doing with your life
Wait this was so entertaining to watch thank you for posting omg
Does anyone else feel like Arden is more obnoxious when will is around? Like she laughs at nothing. I like memes but most of these were just ok
Please do this again I loved this so much 💕
Superman had an Earth dad so it kind of makes sense.\n\nI think the joke is more Batman's parents (but he's pictures as a kid when he may have had a mom).
Make a video with Andrea!!
Pleaaaaase keep doing this, i loved it
You could do the Closet Confidentional tag x
I NEVER FELT SO SINGLE IN MY FRICKIN LIFEE
Who else thought it was Brad Hall in the thumbnail?
The woman seems more like of a boyfriend than the guy.
sex pistols poster in the background 😍
you're out of his league... just saying.
Girl great vídeo. Could you make some more about adult life? 🖤
Will looks like a combo of Austin Butler and Bill Skarsgard which is NIIICE & Arden is so flippin beautiful!!
would seriously love another week in my life vid or something of the sorts
this is like the perfect video i need on youtube, couples just laughing at memes while wearing nice clothes.
I feel like this is a really good and funny video segment of Crash On My Couch, loved it
you could make a lookbook based off of your favorite movie characters <3\nyou could also make a vlog-type video taking us shopping with you (clothes, makeup, knick-knacks, etc)\n\nlove you arden! =)
Do a video on your jewelry! Loved this video😀
more! i loved it
i fucking loved this content holy shit
I loved this because I'm too lazy to open reddit by myself HEE HEE
The kind of content I signed up for. 👌👌
The Truro from that article is actually in Canada. I've been there and, believe me, it's not a beautiful city
I like this a LOT. A lot a lot.
make this a series
It's okay I'm from Cornwall... and in Truro I saw a guy shouting from a roof once in Lemon Quay for hours.. Cornwall news is odd
i would love to see a vinyl collection video by arden
I need more than one like button for this video
Honestly I was screaming and snorting. I never once snorted in my life
Ahahahah they're like Ethan and Hila but the world hasn't broken them
where is your top from? its amazing
haha tru tru! I've never been to reddit. My life is so much better thanks!
You guys are like cute grandparents 😂😂😂😂😂
yay I loved this and all the banter!!
it was so funny when you realized what the condom said but then re realized that it had a donut jajajajaja make it a series who cares
Yup just explored the world of Reddit for over half an hour thank you Arden! Love you and your videos so much! A part two of this would be great. Your videos are great and also I love seeing you and Will together you guys are so cute!!!
I can confirm Truro is lit .... I live there soooo
A FAVORITE MOVIES VIDEO in which both of u talk about ur fav movies of aaaaaaall time and fav movies of the year!!!
i can't understand how people can literally laugh out loud looking at those
is it just me or is arden so much more extra than usual in this video i love it i couldn't stop laughing
Memes make me feel warm and fuzzy inside
Arden could you do a video of past jobs you ever had and your experiences?❤
Loved this. Please make more!!!
This was great. Please do this again omg
this is good content
PLEASE make this a series!!! Shower thoughts is a great sub reddit!
Do a vid about collections you have or have had! Like things you always gotta get if you see it in a shop. Or like things you used to collect as a child (like rocks, ticket stubs, stuffed animals, idk!)
Love this so so much. Should definitely make this a regular thing. :)
MORE LOOKBOOKS! MORE MAKE UP TUTORIALS! TALK ABOUT STUFF YOU LIKE, FASHION, MUSIC, TV SHOWS, MOVIES.
for a video it would be so sick if you did a yoga vid where we (your lovely subscribers) could follow along!!
I'd love to see a vlog or a haul or both in one video like you did before :)) <3
Do more sit down advice vids, I love how knowledgeable you are about REAL shit hahaha xxx
this is so good keep it up
8:53 did she say gay or day, I can't tell.
no offense arden, but will’s “well hey guys” is 1000000000x more adorable
More outfit hauls, look books, best places to shop 😍
Arden I would deadass watch any of your vids even if its just you sitting there in complete silence!! make content you like!!
Loved this. Haha
💛💛💛
I liked it
:> http://fuckyeahdementia.com/
PROCREATE TUTORIAL\n\n\nBOOK FAVS EVERY MONTH\n\n\nMONTHLY FAVOURITES\n\n\nWEEKLY VLOGS HELL YAAS\n\n\nAUTUMN TAG
wow I can't wait till y'all get married
You two are such a sweet couple! Travel videos are always cool, but even little videos about exploring your city are always fun to watch. You could do your take on the old home videos that parents would make to capture your life at this moment in time. Discuss movie reviews of what you should actually watch that's out in the theaters right now. If none of those seem like a good idea maybe opt for videos on your option about today's society (societal pressures, observations you've made, fashion, androgyny). Also you could do a video comparing your upbringing with Will's and seeing how it was affected by the country you grew up in :)
This was hilarious! I haven't laughed this hard at a video in ages. Please do more 👌🏻
Please do a million more of these. Arden + Will + Memes = a good time
video ideas: 1. your favourite coffee places/cafés/bars/cool spots in the current city you're in (like maybe a guide to have a great day in that city, e.g. go here for breakfast, then here for some nice things to do etc) 2. go through different types of media (photos, films, books, art pieces, songs) and pick out one in each media where, if you could, you would want to live in that world, so like where you would want to be a character if that makes sense 3. talk about which people has inspired you in different ways, maybe in fashion, as a woman or something like that
Normfags
I WANT THAT LAZY OAF SWEATER SO BAD
10 minutes... AND 1 GODDAMN SECOND!!!
I love Reddit. GIMME MORE! :)
Yesssss
Redducation
Reddit education..... reducation
MORE MORE MORE MORE
r/shittyrobots gives me life
keep this shit cumin
More.
THAT WAS GREAT
reddit scares me
Love this 😍😍
Can you review candles?
Do it again!!! :)
10 minute video on memes, YESSSSSS 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
arden make an asmr video!!!!! an asmr makeup video !!!! hahahahah
Absolutely hilarious!
Obviously you can do all these will longer hair too!! Wooo I hope u enjoy guys 🙈
your adorable!! Please do an updated whats on my iphone
Slag
Did anyone notice she done 6 hairstyles not 5 lol
The wavy hair is so so nice on you saff!! My little sister was going to come to the book signing and I was wondering do you have to buy two books and tickets then ? Because there's no point in the two of us getting a book ? Does anyone know?
Your hair looks stunning! Love you Saffron! 💕
i’m literally obsessed with saff’s it’s gorgeous! ilysm saff💗💗💗💗💗
Recently got my hair cut short but I honest cannot put my hair up because there's always those bits at the back that aren't long enough to fit in the bobble
Can't get over ur hair x love u saff❤️😘😍
I love you and your hair sooo much!! I loved meeting you! ❤
Sex
Love this we are twinning w hairrrr it’s lush love it saff xx
Love your short hair , it's so nice and suits you so much ! 💕💕💕
Love the hair saffron xxx
Hi saffron a love u everyday when I put u on tv on my ps4 my grandma comes in And sayes what's this pretty girl saying 😂❤️😘
Saffron you are the most gorgeous girl I have ever seen. You videos are amazing as well. I just want to be you.
Who preferred her long hair
SLAYYYYY😍😍
OMG SAFFRON YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER ❤❤❤
What curler did you use xx
THUMBNAIL REMINDS ME OF CHRISTMAS!!
Love this video!💓
I love you saffron xxx
The vlog sent me !!
Your a queen xxx
Girl your trending!!!
You look gorgeous😍😍
are you still whit jake?
Just ordered your book so excited
😍😍😍😍😍
I cut 17 inches off of my hair last month yet it’s still longer than saffron’s 😂 17 inches of hair donated to princess truest to make wigs for children with cancer 💗
Have you met my cousin Diaz jellif
Your blog sent me. I love your hair soo much xxx
Yesssss this is soooooooooo useful 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Luv u 💓
Saffron i live ur hair so much is baeeee love u saffron xxxx
This is so helpful! I just got my hair cut the same length as yours and this is helpful as it's boring seeing your hair just up😅 Please do more!! Love you loads :))
You look like Olivia buckland with your hair like this😍
You suit your new hair so much!!💗
Vlog sent me even though I was subscribed on here first! 🙌🏻😂
Yur short hair is so amazing
HI SAFFRON!!! COULD YOU PLEASE DO A WISH HAUL VIDEO!!! THEY HAVE GOT RIDICULOUSLY CHEAP PRICES LIKE MAKE-UP FOR EVEN £1!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO A VIDEO ON THINGS YOU WILL BUY FROM WISH.COM. LOVE YOU AND YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION :) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
My pengting slays her new hair queen I luv u so much x
💗
😍😍
I stared at the pimple all the way through the video
saffs stunning with short hair and long hair and without makeup and with makeup!!
Great video! Soooo helpful 😅
Sorry. Ily not hate but I prefer long sorry
Why do u sound like Rita ora ur voice has changed 😂
Your new hair makes you look like 21❤️💚💙 it's so pretty xxxx
You suit it omg
Anyone else think saffron sounds so different in this video? Different mic?
Ooh that’s a good idea, but you know you will never look as good as she does😂😭
I love your hair . But i do miss your long hair i could never cut my hair i love my long hair ( it past my bum )      \n\nP.s your hair fab
I love this so much
hair is so cutteee💓💓
Ilysm
So beautiful! I am in love with your hair x
I love you new hair it's stunning I couldn't pull of short hair
I love ur new hair
I like your hair short hair but I prefer ur long hair xo
Omg this is wat i did lol
You Look Great Babe! Your Short Hair Is Gorgeous, LoveYou So Much!!♥️♥️
😍😍
Omg saffron your hair is so stunning you slay girl👸🏼❤️❤️
Does anyone know what curler saff used for the beach waves?? You looked gorgeousss btw saff!!❤
I mean I don't even have short hair but I love saffron so I thought yeah I'm watching it xx
Soooo freaking cuteee ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Holy crap you honestly look absolutely stunning Saff!
So stunning !!!
Which curlers do you use? ❤️❤️
I love your short hair 😍❤️
Short hair suits you very well 😍
question:Why am I watching this,I don't even have short hair?\nAnswer:Because I LOVE Saffron's vids!
❤️️TBH the sleek back hairstyle didn't suit her but still LY Saff❤️✨
love these hairstyles! also where are your eyelashes from! there GORG!!
Not spreading hate but her hair seems really thin and damaged 😏
Short hair suits you so much😍
Your stunning! You really suit short hair x💋💋
Hey I got tickets when you're coming to Dublin for your book tour I'm so excited me and my bff are going
You honestly are so so beautiful Saffron, I love your hair like this <3. Your make up always looks stunning xx
She should have not cut her long nice hair
My hairs dead but I don't want the chop🙄 anyone else have this problem?
LOVE YOU WITH SPACE BUNS AND CURLSSSSSS
My hair is short but it's too thick for these hairstyles
Your short hair is so nice it makes me want short hair lmao
adore these hairstyles !!
loving your hair its beautiful
Saffron i love u so much
skip to 1:56 for the video
Gorgeous 😍
I liked your long hair better tbh ah well you can always use extentions
🍁Let’s play a game🍁\nThumbs up 👍 if you say Autumn🍁\nComment if you say Fall🍂
She's dead cringy omg
Okay we get it you got your haircut, you can stop talking about it now 🙄😂
It's really petty but ever since she cut her hair her videos are just impossible to watch lolollll
Of course she had to copy Zoella
Why does everyone including herself, big up her hair so much loool it's not that great?? It looks dead and stiff😂🤧
sorry but your hair is so greasy😂😂😂😂
Brought back the old days where I would go listen to hours and hours of The Maine on my bed. I love you guys and keep up the amazing work <3.
also this video is so beautiful afksjdkfjdkfgj
I didn't think it was possible to love this song more than I already did. Proved me wrong 💕
Probably my favorite song on the album and the video made me love it more than I thought I could!
This video is pretty dang cool. I love the flower background. And the boys look damn good, like always. Good work, guys!
I've never heard of these guys but I found them in the trending section. I am now off to buy their album 🙃❤.
Real men listen to the maine 👊🏻
I love the feel of this video 😍 so old-school and awesome. Love love love you guys and this album ❤
I didn't know Linus from Linustechtips was in a band
this band never fails to make me feel whole again
Wintertime ALL THE TIME!
Why would they name their band after a State?
I love this video. I love this band. 😭
How do you feel?
I try to see you guys every year that I can, I'm so excited for all the new stuff that's being put out! Your music vids are always some of my favorites
Met u guys in norwich U.K. A few years ago come bAck!!!:(
I’d love to see y’all in Austin 😍 completely in love with this song and i love the simplistic video! ♥️
AAAAH I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!! Totally diggin the aesthetic.
This is amazing! Hey any artists want me to check out there music hit me up!
drove to all the way by movie theatre for particular same Subway to get sub and Diet Cola
this is so beautifully made you guys! hope ya'll could also bring the modern nostalgia tour to manila!!  it would be so nice to hear both american candy and LLL live!
Such a good song
its nice to see these guys are back at it again, ive been listening to them since Into your arms came out
Watching the How Do You Feel music video is like listening to the song for the first time again
This video is so artsy! And pairs so well with the lyrics! I've seen you guys in concert 4 times now and would love to again soon!
Been listening on repeat for waayyy too long
I love this band! Everything they do is so different from out there. Love the music and hope to see them soon. 💕
hopefully if I see you I'll get to show you my (un)lost tattoo. American candy and lovely little lonely changed me forever. love you guys more than life itself. see u soon hopefully.
my favorite song, I'm obsessed 💖💖💖💖💖 luv u guys so much
I feel exhausted. Trying to take on  everything. How do you feel?
So meta & love the aesthetics 👽
There are not enough words to explain how impeccable your timing is...this song means so much to me...i've always struggled with expressing myself but you guys have always had the perfect song to sum up my emotions so i don't have to and for that i have to thank you, tickets to your next show would be indescribable and amazing, i have to see you live if it's the last thing i do😂❤️
You guys are so good. Another great song. 👍
you guys are the best 🖤❤️ wish I could see this live
This album is unlistenable one song at a time, whole 35 minutes or not at all. But this video is killer guys. Love it!
This is so is so perfect
AMAZING !!! if you like this.. you have a great taste of music.      8123    n_n
pretty sure this is all I need in my life now
The Maine aesthetics > every other bands aesthetics
I love this music video & the song is amazing. I just listened to this for the first time since I first heard the album & I fell in love with this band again. I’ve listened to them since “Can’t Stop Won’t Stop” came out & I’ll always support them. An amazing band, with great guys. \n\n((Idk if we’re supposed to say but it be awesome to see you guys on The Modern Nostalgia Tour!!))
I used to listed to Everything I Ask For, This Is The End & You Left Me (especially the last one ) so freakin much in 2008
Dressed in all white lookin like absolute angels
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
How do I feel you ask? Well I feel like your art is beautiful. This is a great album!
Oh man what a privilege it is to know a band like you, you're my forever favorites
one of my favs frm LLL; u guys own the colors red n white ugh
I know you guys were just in the Philippines in June but pleaaaaase come back
I feel like things will never be okay but I want to believe that someday they will.
The maine was on trending, proud of you boys 💜💜💜💜 best band and best fans 💜💜💜
Also, my favorite part of this video is Pat's hair blowing in the wind. #goals
You guys are literally my favorite band, and this song gives me chills every single time! You guys are also playing Nashville the day of my birthday which is where I go for shows so it'd be cool to see my favorite band on my birthday!
This song reminds me of my grandmother who recently passed away. She was suffering and that line: ¨you are alive, but are you living?¨ always hits me and reminds me of her situation
YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN MINE AND MY LITTLE SISTER'S FAVORITE BAND FOR SO LONG. I WILL PLAY YOUR SONGS AT MY WEDDING NO DOUBT. This song is among my favorites on Lovely Little Lonely. I'm so thankful that you guys are a band. You've helped me through so much, so thank you.
Can I get 2 tickets to ur sac show I'm poor
LOVE IT, love the video, love the song, love the album, love you guys!
Favorite band still, The Maine never dissapoints. ❤
I love you so much. Please don 't let it take another these years before I can see you again.. (yes please to tickets to the Modern Nostalgia tour)
🌹🌹You guys have made such an impact on the world, I'm so happy to have watched you all grow as people and as a band. This record is lovely as the title says. I can't wait to see you guys on this tour!!!🌹🌹
Love this so much. Y'all are incredible
thank you for making a beautiful video to one of my favorite songs, you guys are the best. love you (:
Ahhhhhh i love everything!!!! I love you guys!!!!!!! Thank you for always putting up lovely things for the little lonely!!
My favorite song on the album ❤
I loved seeing John's ankles, Pats hair blowing in the wind, Jared's bad ass guitar, Kennedys stair, and Garrets hair. ❤️
I attended the lovely little lonely tour here in Manila last June 24 & was so glad you did an encore! I'm coming to LA in 2 weeks and will be staying for a month! Oct 24 is my dad's birthday but ive already asked permission if i could go and watch the Modern Nostalgia in Regent Theater on that evening. So im feeling so stoked and really exciteddd, it would be my first time in USA and i definitely want to rock with you guys! Love this song and love you guys! #8123
This mv came out at the right time fuckkk im crying in public
one of the good ones
I like the looks that Pat gives througout the stare-at-the-camera scenes.
just got a ticket to see you guys in denver! cant waiiit! it will be my 3rd concert, first in the US (2 of them was in sao paulo <3). I love you guys and so proud of u all. one of my favorite songs.
Waiting for you guys here in AZ see you in November!!♥️
I love everything about you. Thank you for the greatness of a record that is lovely little lonely. x
Modern Nostalgia combines my two favorite albums! So psyched you guys are on tour again! 🥀🍬
such a visually pleasing and unique video!!! makes me so excited for the fall tour 🌹 so so impressed
A beautiful video that could've easily stood admirably with shots of Ken and Jared's guitars alone, but the fact that there's a sick jam and some lovely boys there is a plus, too.
i feel a serial killer vibe to this video. that’s how i feel and i love it
Loveee can't wait to see this live
This song makes me feel every emotion possible. I like want to drive through a long tunnel while singing this song so loud! This has to be my favorite song yet! I saw you at for the first time at Warped 2016 and asked Pat to Coachella. Then tried to see you in Bakersfield but I was underage. I haven't bought tickets for this tour yet but I want to so bad! This album is amazing! Thanks for making me feel so alive! Getting the BB rose tattooed soon! Love you guys! ❤️🌹
Loved it!! Can't wait to hear it live! 😍
This album is the bomb 💕
I would really really appreciate 2 tickets to your show in Cleveland on November 3 because you sold out before i could come up with enough money to buy a ticket. your music means the world to me and has helped me through some of the lowest lows i've ever had to experience. please consider me as a candidate for these tickets i would be forever grateful
You never disappoint. You guys are so talented, by far my favourite band of all time.
This is my first time hearing something from The Maine, and I'm in love! Great song!
The vocals sounded auto tuned...
EU AMO VCS DEMAIS
Amazing. Beautiful. ICONIC.
Pat looks so majestic
I shall replay this. 💕
❤️
Thanks for asking
Fucking Garbage
🔌🔋🤖👀👻
AESTHETIC KINGS
💕💕💕
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
that 2160p quality :o amazing
YES BOYS TREND
SO GOOD SO GREAT
Sooo beautiful
😍😍😍
amazing video !!
I've been a fan of yours for close to ten years now. Out of all your songs, something about this one hits me the hardest. I struggle with anxiety and depression and this song just really resonates with me and speaks to me and makes me feel not so alone and that there is someone who understands and cares. Out of all your albums I think this one may be my favorite. I really wish I could meet you guys one day.
How on earth did this guy get 3hrs of screen on time when other channels are getting 5-6hrs of battery life on max settings lol. Smells like shit
New studio? It has that lamp for which you said that it's for studio B on Snapchat
Its only 849$ fuck you
Yes the headphone jack\nI will buy it any day over Apple\nIf I have the money
Didn't the Mate 9 have dual OIS ? So this isn't the first ...
I would say the S8 Active checks the 5 boxes. Seems like the best choice for an AT&T user and hopefully unlocked soon.
I am using note 4 right now. Only issue with my phone is battery
Cool. But whats good with a Jaybird Run review?
I think the pillar also needs user friendlyness
What calendar widget is that?
for that fuckin prize this phone should have been perfect, made without mistakes but... well samsung lul
gonna go with s8 and the s8 plus with this one
I'm no power user and don't use AOD. But, I gotta disagree on battery life. Easily getting 1.5 days with this phone. So check that box! ✔
handling wise? is this easier to hold than the GS8+?
Where can I get those wallpapers
Honestly, samsung's claim that the new interface doesn't slow down with use is complete bullshit. On my S8 it started to lag within a month. It will be no different on this phone. DON'T GET A SAMSUNG.
Never Samsung again\nNote 4 motherboard dying after 2 years right after their updates (MMC card fail)\nNote 7 (everyone knows..)\nNote 8... We will see but it is time to see other brands for me.
Love my NOTE8 best phone I've ever had
You give me the green light to buy it? With my own money, thanks
360p squad where you at?
But Sony have a 4k HDR display...
Do a test on the batteries with the s8 and note 8 you will find that the note 8 hits above its weight in terms of battery life
well imo asolute madness to pay so much for a phone.  Low light camera is not perfect? Gtfo it needs to be for that money. Turning into Apple..i kid I kid!.  The display is beautiful though.
The battery complaint is bullshit! The Note batteries have been smaller for years.  Even so, the Note 8 battery is still larger than any iPhone battery. FYI, iPhone batteries got smaller too this year.
Every note 8 vs s8 battery test with new phones shows the note 8 winning. So I don’t know about that...
How about WHY NOT TO BUY. Battery non removable.. Etc.. Sure will not buy it. HOW about the gps Performance?
Ironic heading...... Still doesn't justify iPhone X with $999 price mark, stuff that they caught up for last 3 4 years, where as Note sets standard for coming year or two... Come on Marquees
No phone is worth $1000
He just had to say that joke xD
Did it explode after you did the video?
Samsung sells a copied phone for 1000, but only worth of $22
The one thing never mentioned by anyone! It is expensive to repair this edge phones!!
All this crazy hardware and it gets absolutely destroyed by the iPhone 8 😂😂😂
So marques honestly , you prefer iOS or android in your day to day use? (coming from an iPhone fan) :D
IPhone X is a mistake
Whered you get that home screen wallpaper its sick
Great rundown as always. Watching the video on my note 8 right now. I've been wanting to get back to the note since I gave up my note 3. Compared to the iPhone 6 that I had. The note 8 is in a whole other world. I haven't even gotten into even half of what it can do. Battery life is a concern, but it still last longer than the iPhone 6. In three years I'll just root it and drop whatever the latest android OS is on it. Well worth the investment in my book.
If a 1000$ phone fails on even one parameter (battery)..... It's an overall FAIL for me. Take some notes from Xiaomi battery life....
i dont know where you guys getting your prices from cause i pre-ordered mines for $930
Maybe if they would have made the note 7, a note 6...it wouldn't have had those issues?
overpriced.\n\ngimmicks.\n\nno stock android.\n\ntrashcan material.\n\n> pay 1k\n\n> i noticed its not quite as fast as stock android\n\nHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA\n\nterrible battery life.\n\nstill the phone for me \n\ndidnt see the contains paid endorsement tag though.. make sure to add it Marques :) and dont dare underestimate anyone's intelligence by refusing you were paid by SS.
What screen protector do people recommend? I bought a NUGLAS tempered glass screen protector but it seems to be too thick and the screen is unresponsive at times.
$925 in my country , with a lot of accessories for free
Sorry Note 4 will always be the best, because of removable battery
But battery life is my number 1 priority on that list of things. I don't want a bulk battery case like the old days.
Woa... That speaker is glowing man... Or am I just trippin?
Does the Note's camera look as good as the IPhone's pics/videos on Snapchat or Instagram?
Camera its not best ! V30
Really the only way the note 8 caught my attention is because u can draw on it with the s pen
I got the s8+, didn't enjoy the stylist of my note 5. Battery life is absolutely insane!!! And I got it for $550!!!
I hope it doesn't explode the next couple month
And the biggest flaw; no iOS 11
Had a note 7, was the best ever. Downgraded to a note 5 for a year. And now have the note 8, simply amazing phone. Best phone on the market hands down.
$1000 dollars ill just buy the new iphone\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh wait
glass sandwich...not just for breakfast, anymore.
nice design better from iPhone X
What icons are those?
5 M
1k for this too? Smh
How audio and Bluetooth chip? Note 5 audio and Bluetooth sucks.
6GB OF RAM IN A PHONE, 6GB OF RAM IN A PHONE!? Dude wtf my old ass iMac only has 4 and most Macs come with 8 standard. Why does it need 6 gigs
I'd still choose the Note 8 over the S8+ despite the smaller battery. Why? The screen is larger, it has a stylus and two cameras.😎🌟🏆
my dad has this phone
Saw this in a Samsung event. Na. The design is kinda boring.
My phone cost me $125 it does just about everything you're stupid thousand-dollar phone does okay your pictures videos better than mine whoopty fucking do I can buy a camera and still has hundreds of dollars left over . You people who spend this money and phone and complete fucking fools and you do it every year for a new phone or does the same shit the old phone did you're fucking morons that's one of the problems with this country in the world today and one of the human brain is actually starting to shrink and yes it is because of people like you. I'm laughing at you because you are fools I'm not laughing with you.
wow thanks marques, maybe i'll tell ppl to buy s8+ instead of note 8, if they dont need the dual camera and the stylus.....aaaand im stuck here with my s7.. :D
Love the look . looks so impressive
Only complaint, the fingerprint scanner is horribly placed
Why are people annoyed about the expensive iPhone X when the new Samsung Phablet is also expensive?
It's one beautiful phone for sure~
Is there any music playing on the JBL Pulse in the background?  🤣
OMG WHAT IS THAT LIGHT UP THING
I have had my Note 8 for a week and only charged it 4 times. The battery life is good. I love my phone.
Did he really just say that Samsung popularized the glass sandwich design\n\nAll I can say is....LOL
Smh white man in a brotha' s body.
Still closer to $900 than $1000 in north America I'm pretty sure.
Got it, 2 days battery life no problem.
Y do I need this? XD my oneplus 3 is still the best 😎
What skin do you use to get the stock android feeling
Want to avoid scratches on your spoon? Just get a DBrand Skin!
I'm better. Buy me.
My battery lasted at least 14 hours everyday but I've also had 2 note 7's 2 s8's and now 2 note8's so I have plenty of usb c   chargers so no complaint from me
If only note 7 manage it
As far as battery life goes, I love my Note 8's battery life, because of the processor it maximizes more battery, better battery life than the s8, essential, and iPhone 7. And I have FREE fast charging, phone is a monsta!
What is your favorite theme
Thanks for the review man.  Battery life is important to me more so then tricks and gadgets.  I'll pass and wait for the new Pixel
most under appreciated feature of Samsung galaxy phones is the Magnetic Secure Transmission (MST)
Many phones...do have an earphone jack.
You say $1000 dollar iPhone in the title as if an android phone can’t be the equivalent of Apple?! \n\nFuck off already I’m sick of the basic people saying Apple is so much better than android they’re just shallow enough to follow such a mediocre fake wannabe hipster trend. Go suck apples dick people it’s overused now hope it tastes of desperation to be the company they were when they had new ideas about 8 years ago
What's that glowing thing in the background?
What is that speaker in the background ?
S8 + vs. Note 8\n\nEverything the same except \n\n2gb less\nAnd no S pen...
V30 is better😝
Phones are way too expensive nowadays
I got it i luv it
Obviously biased
Where my 1440p bois?
iPhone X > note 8
Still rocking the note 5
iPhone X is Cod infinite warfare\nNote 8 is battlefield 1
At 2:30 it sounds like he put his hand inside his friends ass
Why do much squish? Why so much squishing? If as a visual metaphor then cool, but omg, I want to vomit
Fuck vulnerability! Be the machine 100% of the time! Kill every weakness.
animation reminds me of Harold and the Purple Crayon
I think people need to stop being self conscious, narcissistic ass hats.
Why be normal? Being weird and different, unique and crazy, that's all so much more fun and interesting than being normal. And, what is normal anyway? Just a word used to say, most people act this way and it's weird if you don't. BE UNIQUE. BE DIFFERENT. BE YOU. Never change. And everybody is vulnerable, so why laugh at it, or make fun of it? Just pointless if you're making fun of somebody for it when you might feel the same way.
I don't like how the head emerged from the body.
This is so beautiful
Those animations are really bad and hard to undestand.
What background music did you use on your Higher Conscious video?
I wonder what mr. De Botton is going through in his life right now
*Grow a pair...*\nWheter you're a man or a woman.*\n\n\n\n\n*Beginning now:\nYes, there are *only* two genders.\nYou're welcome.
The school of life is still learning
He pooped out his head from his shoulders.
I hate to generalize, but it seems like in our society, the more appropriate response to bad things happening is anger. To many, it seems, anger denotes strength, the sense that I won't let people walk all over me. If we respond with sadness or melancholy, which is healthier I think, people tend to look down on us, label us as a Debbie Downer or a Sad Sack. They would rather we pretended to be happy so as not to upset THEIR comfortable existences. But I think we yearn for that kind of honesty about our feelings, and I think there's a strength and wisdom toward resisting the urge to get angry. Not that anger is always bad. It just seems we tend to see it as valuable, whereas sadness is something to cover up or cure. Am I way off base?
guys be a pussy, its gonna help trust me, be a pussy ok, be weak
2:43 Me whenever I feel like fighting someone.
The message is awesome but the creepy almost disturbing animation and disgusting squishy sound effects are sort of distracting.
I used to live in China and I was not very good at speaking Chinese. Statistics would have you believe that a third of people spoke English, and at first I didn't believes that, because they wouldn't talk to you because they were afraid of making a mistake or not speaking English very well. However, I eventually discovered some ways to coax it out of them, one of which was to intentionally do something embarrassing. I also found a good way was to pay them a compliment, anything that brought yourself down a level, or caused them to feel brought up a level. it eventually became apparent that the statistic was close to accurate. I could also tell who was likely to speak English by looking at them, and judging by their age, and how they dress. I know that sounds superficial, but it had close to 100% reliability.
I'm no expert but I got to tell you those are some gross sound effects.
What's the point if any emotion.... I hate emotions... But I suppose thats an emotion😂
I thought the title meant a more physical evolutionary way
Since I graduated college, I've had a few sudden revelations. One I'm better at handling and actually making since of abstract ideas than when I started. Two the principle of wabi sabi is present in western folk cultures. Specifically if you listen to american labor union hymns. There's something so uplifting, and quasi-spiritual about that music (especially if you're a worker, like me). It's country, it could be said to have blues influences. That, and the international socialist anthem. But that last one is qualitatively different. How?
Psychological warfar e get over youself you meed a clue jack
Knowing how to share your vulnerability is a key aspect to confidence. Such as having one or two safe people to share your vulnerabilities with. But also doing it from the point of view of accepting that vulnerability as a stepping stone to growing as a stronger person.
I love the message, and I love the video 💗🔥😂so epic
This channel is getting disconnected from reality more and more and is more about wishful thinking of how things should be.\n This video + the you are not what you earn one totally shows it. \n\nPeople accept weaknesses less and less and only value others as numerical values or thorugh their social status.\nI wish it was different but sadly it is not. \nPerhaps you should make a video about the dehumanization we undergo in the world right now.
I don't mean to shit on your guy's videos but can you guys please tone down the horrible sound effects, please everything else; great video love your content :)
this is why i haven't made a true friendship in ages nor will i easily find love lol.
0:48 Ok what the fuck is happening
The importance of vulnerability is so I can use it to crush you. ❤️
the squishy sound detracts from the video message
Take this advice into combat, into a marriage, into a room full of debaters, onto the basketball court, any sport, and of course the advice fails.
Just because you have a million times more subscribers than me does not mean I don't need people to watch my videos. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
They used pink as a color of innocence, vulnerability, fragile etc. Love it
I think the producer may be projecting just a bit. Many good points, peppered with what seems situation specific occurrences (i.e. being mean to loved ones; That's a choice not a state of being.)\n     Take responsibility for yourself. Take control of your own life. Take back our homeworld.
This is great!! Could you do one on intimacy? (closely linked to vulnerability)! Thanks!!
I usually wear my durag on FaceTime early in the getting to know you stage of dating so the woman feels comfortable enough to wear her bonnet/head scarf which opens her open up in all other aspects. Something very small but an example of how your vulnerability can makes others comfortable enough to be vulnerable as well. Lol
Inner Idiot would be a great name for a band.
I loved what this video was about, but hated the graphics and crunchy noises.
This hurts because it's true
This is a Perfect interpretation of vulnerability and the animation is so well made, Thanks for making such great videos <3
I realised how important vulnerability was when I broke up with my first exboyfriend and my brother, who usually was my buddy for watching shows or listening to music, came into my room when I was crying my eyes out, barely being able to talk. He sat with me on my bed for two hours, hugging me and talking to me, and since that moment he tells me his problems and talks to me about what makes him sad, which he has literally *never* done since he was 15.\nI think he really just needed to realise that just like he can be there for others, others can be there for him.
This is such a beautiful message.
The animation is awesomely weird and the way this is worded is brilliant.
Can you guys do a vid on bad habits and why it's hard to break them.
The best nasty animation I have ever watch!
The video didnt speak on being vulnerable to yourself before others. Give yourself the chance to be vulnerable enough to admit  your shortcomings and flaws. It's far better than someone else showing you the true mirror, if not with the very intentions, leaving you exposed and coming face to face with your flaws for the first time. Especially if you are someone who likes building a wall around themselves.
This is my problem with friends and coworkers. I let go just enough without showing any vulnerabilities or weaknesses. It's a good way to get through the day and function like a normal looking human being, but I feel like I lack those really deep relationships with others.
Just want to say that I wish good luck to everyone who will this. Hope you achieve your goals. Hardwork pays off. \nMuch love, peace :)
This animation reminds me of when I used to watch Maisy.
sound effects were pretty distracting, but the message itself is pretty great
That's why memes are important. Share memes instead of anything personal on the Internet.
I'm not the most succinct person but my take on the message is vulnerability = humanness ---> oneness, the unmasking of our fronts or differences ---> true connection + less loneliness, thus sincere love and joy. \n\nMy algorithm on happiness. Easier said than done. \n\nIt's weird. I was just at the Vatican in Rome last week. (Nothing fancy, I was just on a short vacation on my own till I met up with a friend) I was waiting in line to pay for a ticket to go up the stairs of St. Peter's Basilica. A young couple was pleading for an exchange of cash of US dollars to Euros. They had no cash to pay for the tickets. No one was helping them/ or I was the only American in line that would care for dollars (we will never know). I offered to help and they were very grateful. I thought nothing of it after continuing in the line to go up the steps. The young boy went to the head of the line (where I was) and thanked me again and again. He was so relieved. \n\nI still regret it. I wanted to be vulnerable and say We are the Vatican, whether you believe in this religion that created this beauty or not... why wouldn't I help... It's not only the religious thing to do, it's the human thing do. Instead I humbly and sheepishly said Oh, it's nothing. It's not a problem.  It's really wasn't a problem, but I still regret not saying what I really felt. I didn't want to feel vulnerable with my intrinsic values in the middle of a Roman tourist attraction. I guess my greater message was that love and compassion made me do it, not only a fear of God or those kind of negative religious associations. It's odd because I felt compelled to tell this to him. I really thought I was crazy. People don't talk like that I thought... I guess I was scared of his rejection of my personal values. I feared his projections of my honest intentions. Even if his gratitude turned to disgust due my reference to a religion, I should have been strong enough to take any reaction, because I was being open and aiming for genuine care for the other. \n\nI wasn't vulnerable, because I felt ashamed. Looking back, why feel\nashamed with being kind - no matter the source, rationality or irrationality of that action.\n\nIt was one of my favorite moments of the trip. I fell short with this, but I challenge myself to do better as a human being with a soul that is longing to express and connect meaningfully with others- whether at the front of a Walgreens or the front of a majestic Roman church.
I like your thumb people
Showing vulnerability can vary on how people react. Some people will find a way to belittle you and want to have the upperhand and will use this against you. Others will be more accepting of it and feel a connection with you because they too make mistakes. Show a bit of vulnerability and take a step back and see how the other person reacts..
Brenè Brown has a very good ted talk about this exact topic, I emplore anyone interested in this topic to check it out.
I pretend to be vulnerable so others open themselves up for manipulation.
I'm a very different person from who I was five years ago. A better person. I was scared of vulnerability before. I felt as though I was placing my emotional stability and happiness in the hands of others by being vulnerable. These days, I've found that I feel more in control of my life and my emotions than I ever have, and I believe it's largely due to my willingness to be vulnerable; my ability to be honest with others, and honest with myself, about who I am and how I feel. I'm proud of that. (:
this is really Hard to watch
That guy spilling a beer on his shirt is kindof overreacting.
This has been one of my favourite animations so far. The squidgy sounds were a little unsettling, but the style was so cute.
Showing one's vulnerability does not exist in my dad's side of the family - super uptight. They only want to associate with SUCCESS.
You guys have really changed my mentality. I totally accept your ideas
What's with the vagina noises?
who needs public/private school when you have School Of Life? THEY TEACH US REAL LIFE THINGS AND HOW TO CONCURR THEM
The British Narrator is back! Yes! I hate to admit but I actually missed him.
The question is does it always depend on your surroundings ? So if the people you know are very judgmental and hurtful can you be vulnerable or should you be ? It's not wise to be vulnerable around a bully because he she will take advantage of that...so it's about the people around you more than you
Friendship yes, romantic love, sexual attraction - not.
I needed to hear this. I'm hanging in there, guys.
I really like this animation:)
my g needs to start doing traps
School of life = how to become a nice guy
We are strong enought to be weak thats something good to remind ourselves in bad situations
Cutest animation
This video promotes weakness.
love the pink squishy guys
Beautiful message, thank you.
Beautiful!
Animation reminds me of Roblox
This is absolutely brilliant. Thankyou!!
Psychos.
Buy/Sell Trend Detector http://bit.ly/2yj64cF
2:19 sliding in smooth
That wail !!😂 ' A A H H!!'
2:39 - ;DD
1:30 is best
Lovely realizations. Thank you !
Why do they sound squishy? Yuck
Brene Brown <3 <3 <3
Lol such brilliant graphics xx
<3
The sound effects...
wtf his puzzle piece changed
The soundeffects make me uncomfortable :-|
I am invulnerable! Ha! 😈
Please subtitles in Spanish
Nah don't be vulnerable, I was vulnerable once with a girl that I loved more than anything in this world and she fucked me by cheating on me but I only found out when she left me. I swore I'd never give my heart to anyone every again, fuck bitches and leave them. Be strong, be hard, be a fucking bastard to chicks coz they'll fuck you in a heartbeat
This is one of the best and most important YouTube channels there are. Thanx ppl. You rock!!!
I think they already made this exact same topic of video at least once already on this channel.
🚨 I CAN'T EAT ANYMORE LASAGNA!🚨  What is one food you couldn't live without? Let me know down below.\nWanna indulge in more Life Noggin? Click here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8L0MzSk_V6LtaKh-Eqj7Cs4Tmf5iQPx4
My grandma -let- made me eat pizza, water ice, soup, brownies, cotton candy, and chips in 1 sitting
Simple if you eat a lot of food you get fat
I can't live without Margarine...😂😂
Did you just assume that fats gender?! How dare you! KKKKKKKK
The burger challenge was in 2014
I can't stop eating Cheetos 😞
I can't live without ICE CREAM
do a video today about nuberto the new ninth planet from the sun will it clide with earth?
I was watching this eating cookie crisps...
Is it possible to survive an ice age
Why eat healthy, 1 life eat whatever tastes good rather than whats healthy.. atleast that is how i think haha
Pizza🍕🍕🍕ia the one food I couldn't live without
i drink 2 cokes almost every day is this ok
No your not alone i eat peanut butter on a spoon too
I can never live without pizza now im frecin tall as hell im 5'9 and 2 years ago i was 4'6
What if you nuke a volcano
My theory (i think) you will just poop and poop because you cant digest the fooooooooods you eat
I couldn't live without.....\n\n\n\n\n\nHAMBURGURZ\n\n\n\nwhat? at least it has veggies
Chicken too the last breath
In my opinion,youll just be a big giant ball!!!! of yarn.... yes yarn...
Eating too much makes your teeth go gray.
Ironically enough, I got a Burger King advertisment before the video.
You gotta break that fat!!
Just because someone is fat doesn't mean their unhealthy what?
I can't live without spaghetti and lasagna as well. Life noggin, U R awesome at youtube for life
Crisps (potato chips to the Yanks) I can't stop. Especially Salt and Vinegar flavour.
2:35-2:38 Try telling that to Goku.
What happens when someone gets stung my a bee but are allergic to bees?(why are they allergic to bees as well and how?)
Hello Life Noggin\nWhen I first saw your video about the earth \nI was like WOW this is already good as in really cool\nThat I think that im gonna start a YouTube Account\nAbout Science too and And Others\nI'm so already inspired that I couldn't stop\nI even watch your Old to New videos\nAnd that's it, I just wanna support you in your videos\nYou and you Crew (Q & A Video) \nPls make more videos\nThis is Henry Williams and your videos are super\nA W E S O M E ! ! ! ! !
I cant live with out fruits and hi
you barely asked the question we want to know, wow.
I eat pizza 🍕 beans /protein and potato 🥔 XD because why not
They go straight to your thighs...then you blow up...💥
at the same time a starving african or a north korean citezen would dream of this
Food I can't stop eating or can't live without? CHOCOLATE!!!!!!
Totally can't live without french fries!! I wisb it was the staple food of our country...
Can u do : Why are some people attached to Technology? Next, Bec i need to know.
I can not live without chicken
More like hey there! Welcome to Life Noggin, where we answer your unanswered late night bed thoughts
thank you for telling me this  i ' l l  e x e r c i s e
Could u do a video on the difference between narsasists and psychopaths
You Never Stopped Eating, that mean you are American
I'd rather die than live without sushi!!!
My favorite food is pizza and my gf's is my c*mshot
A good old fashioned cheeseburger is something I can always eat.
Talk about fat and you show a burger and pizza... Which is mainly carbs and protein with maybe 10% fat?! That's why people call these foods fatty because of you showing the wrong things.
The food I can't live without is rice.\nRice will fill my stomach if I eat a single slice of steak
Do What are pioples for
one food I couldn't live without is pizza of course
**sees thumbnail If you never stopped eating**\nMy answer: You'd be fat
I CAN NEVER GET ENOUGH CHICKEN SNIZTTLE
Just a subway club.
I do that already.
My whole life my parents have been feeding me nothing but junk food like transfat literally my whole life and I think my body has changed to withstand those problems of heart chestrole and all those other types of illnesses because I haven't been diagnosed of that illness so, normally the doctors would say it's likely considered him saying I'm the 99 percent chance of the boys my age to get pre diabetes I discovered losing asthma when I stopped using daily inhaler and since people say that the junk food is another reason why u lose ur vision I can conclude that it's possible two ways, one the evolution process as our genes take in too much information from past down ancestors we lose an ability of our motor function to make roomto take in that data but it doesn't happen to all of us and since I remember losing myVision I can remember at the age of 3-4 in kindergarten when I noticed I had to squint or things got blurry at the sight of things so other than that my body seems its main focus is digestive sytem since I notice that my heartbeats are irregular and that I have to use the bathroom multiple times when consuming too much food also stating that my family passes down from a diabetic type to gain that illness so it's no suprise if I do inherit that illness either way I haven't damaged but changed my body to withstand this consumption of junk food and it isn't healthy but simply the obese evolution but this isn't true as I am only stating opinions nor facts only statements fronthanded from me. -Also I am reading back on my text and if I made it really confusing for you to understand then I'm really sorry I just had this go through my head so I didn't really thought it out and I'm no major in language arts so yea I hope you understand what I mean when I'm talking about when I say all those things about me.
Wait.....what are you doing with the peanut butter in your room? their better not be a dog in that room
The healthy eating index, we call it the food triangle in our school
I couldn't live without chicken noodle soup it's so good!
What if everyone stopped smoking? Like if you agree.
Hey blocko please make a video about how the earth was formed
Bacon rashers.... Literally the food of the earth
This video is basically about the deadly sin gluttony
KEBAB PIZZA!
Cheese.
VOMIT
*o* ▪99▪ □□□□□■■<<<<<■■■ ★
Avocado
Pizza
Cake
CHICKEN
3:00 stuffed cheese pizza with bacon and pepperoni
Pizza
Pizza bagels.
Dominoes Pizza
Definetely sushi
Peanutbutter, Popcorn, chicken  and egg
Lasagne
Pizza I eat peZza too much !!!
🅱️onless pizza\n\n\n\n\n🅱️amboozed ya!
cum
Garlic bread, obviously😏.
noodles
White pasta
Pickles
I HAVE *OSTEOPOROSIS*
SSS TTT AAA EEE KKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Barbecue
BACON  🥓
pizza
Yummy HAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA
Doughnuts
#NeedMountainDewAndDoritos
burgers
Fried Chicken or Deep Fried Octopus.
SUPER SPICY CHIPS!!!!!
PIZZA
Pizza
chicken biryani ,wings, and zinger burger
PIZZA!!
Pizza is gross. Period.
Fergie looks so funny when she's in the moment! lol
Fergie is so fine
*Beatles sing despacito*
Hello darkness my old nigga
She still looks the same!
Fergie 😍👑
Okay... so that was freaky!\nFergie looked deranged - couldn't tell if her weird facial expression was intentional or from Botox!?!?
Yeees Fergie is the queen
I miss the BEP
Haven't blinked once.
Fergie look gorgeous as always
Yeet
Omg is that a plastic doll
Cringe
The fuck was that
This is so terrible
Lindaaaaaaaa
Not funny.
Damn Fergie 🔥
I actually want to hear this album
I used to sing and dance this at school without knowing the meaning of it. Now, I’m shookt lol
Press 7 over and over: My humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps.....
Wow
Dont drip fergi
RoboFerfie
Lol
This is so funny 😂😂😂
So short(
love Fergie and Black eyed Peas❤💜❤❤😇😇😇😇😘😘😘😘😘😘
😍😍
Nostalgia!
Funny jimmy first
Haha Quality
queen fergie 😍😍
Ha, ha, ha!!!!!!
Wow dear god... This check it out was fuck amazing
fergie is so look like spice girl geri halliwell
Duquesa 😍😍😍❤
My name is Fergie !!!!
Yo number 1!!!
She went full crazy eyes.
Fergie was WAY into her 'don't piss your pants on TV' mindset tonight.
Is it just me or did the album cover for 'Black Simon & Garfunkel' look a lot like the cover for 'The Lewis & Oswald Experience' from 'The Drew Carey Show' that was on ABC back in the day?
this is so good
OMG FERGIE!!!
Fergie has been replaced by a robot and the programmers forgot to add blinking to the protocol
Who the hell is she to make fun of Simon and Garfinkel with her trashy music?
Stupidity.
But she's not in the peas anymore so she shouldn't be singing this anymore
she's not still famous, is she?
This is white appropriation!!! I'm outraged
love love love
fergie did something to her lips \nshe looks like she is in her 50's
DeeZ niggas so emotional n shieeet
FERGIE??\nthe one who tried to sell a song called MILF??? IMAO worst attempt since a very long time.
Excuse me, but it's not Black. It's African-American. My fellow Californians would be outraged at this.
Why did this video stop? I need more information. For example, did the Peruvian school work, and what about the voting process?
I've heard this idea before and find it interesting. However, I notice people seem to imply that this method of approaching a problem is a magic bullet.\n\nWhat they don't mention is the 80% of products that are poorly imagined, poorly designed and horrible to use. Products that were still made using this system.\n\nIn the end, it seems this system has little to do with solving problems effectively.\n\nI imagine it has much more to do with the quality of the people assigned to the task. If that's right, this system begins to mean something.
This is similar to the classic planning process. The sequencing is different because we present a variety of alternatives at once.
So the moral is that they're not very good at either? Noted.
So liberals rather solve things like a designer rather than solving things like a scientist? No wonder liberals are pathetic.
The design loop is really just the scientific method as applied to consumer goods and consumer happiness.\nPeople really need to understand that whether you're trying to figure out how to cure malaria or whether you're trying to make a better phone, the best approach is always to observe, formulate hypotheses/ideas, test them, and iterate.
is he the man in KFC logo ?
How to solve problems like a Vox writer: Blame cishet white males. Cry.
This is literally the scientific method.
Yes I love TED\nYes I love Vox\nWAT U SAY???? THEY COLABBB??????
Only if fashion designers also thought like this.
I just realised I think in this way I am a designer in computers and debater
this is simply: the scientific method.... if you know it, just use it ^^
90% certain that disposable coffee cup is a prop.
Well people have problems with jars because they are idiots....\nThere are a vaccum in the jar and lifting up the edge of the lid with something, anything, will let the air in and the lid will just pop off.\nNo need to invent a new lid.....
Wow. This is an awesome video
can be applied to most anything. How to solve problems like a creator (Math, Physics, video games, music ...) Who doesn't know this?
This is my job
Or just use Google..
Do a video on Rick and Morty
Is this basically just a dumbed down version of Agile?
Isn't this engineering?
Does anybody know the animation style of the part they talk about aschools? About 2:50min
Since I want to be a car designer when I grow up, this video has been *very* helpful.
Vox AND TED? Yes please! I absolutely love both of them, and it’s a real interesting topic. Very smooth transitions, wonderful graphics.
I use several Apple devices, but I really hate their mouse.  It's not designed well at all in my opinion.  Ergonomics are poor and the touch capability gets in the way of usability.  I just use a good old wired optical mouse, with physical right and left clicks, and scroll wheel.  As a video editor, I do like what they are doing with Final Cut Pro X though.
what a fantastic little video
*Desiigner
I just did a ted Ed talk about the same topic
Shoutout to all the industrial designers out there. I'm halfway though college and absolutely loving this major/profession
$10,000 for a crazy computer like that hell no
Hidden Brain from NPR?
The true Designer is a problem solver.
Sounds like the actuarial control cycle
Sounds like something that Apple kinda lost in recent years...
this looks very similar to the deming wheel (process in management)
Now make 'How To Solve Problems like Desiigner'
I loved every bit of this video.  Thank you for the inspiration.
Designers don't solve problems, they design products. They encounter problems during the design process, but they solve those problems to reach their end goal: a product that reaches the specifications they were given.
who is the editor in charge of this channel damn, u need a raise
How do you solve a problem like desiiiigneeeeeeeeeers?
Next stop, how to solve math questions like an Asian.
this is what i do with my Lego creations, Garry's mod dupes, and pretty much everything.
I really appreciate the art in this video like shown from 2:44 - 2:58 \nGreat job
How to solve a problem like Trump?
This is called engineering...
Lots of brains, not like an object, but a system. :O
I thought it said “how to problem solve like desiigner” 💀
Idealists; causing headaches for realists since the beginning of time.
Liberal thinking, no thank you.
so basically... the scientific method?
Although, mac has always had the worst mouse designs ever :))) Mac's keyboards are well designed, not the mice
hey vox, what fonts do you use in these videos? the captions i'd guess is helvetica, and is that the same as the font used in the credits? and also is the 'vox' font your own personal font, or is it available to the public?
Thank you SO MUCH for this. I absolutely admire IDEO and their method of Design Thinking, and I LOVE your company, Vox, for crafting together a cohesive, beautiful piece that tells a story about some incredible things that are out in this world. Thank you.
I've known about IDEO since High School when my teacher showed the Nightline episode where the IDEO team redesigns the shopping cart: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M66ZU2PCIcM
The key to design is empathy and thinking stupid.
Great video. This is essentially the scientific method except without a formal hypothesis.
Literally mention the importance of thinking like a designer in one my videos. VOX you might be goals #archmafia
I literally was forced to attend a 2-full-days training course by my company last month on ideation which is now simplified into a 4.5 minutes infographic video by Vox.
so... the scientific method
Left & Right hemispheres are truly our future for innovation-evolution. ;O)-
You where gone\nBut the kitchen light were still on\n\nWhite Noise
This sounds very similar to IB MYP's Design Technology Cycle
What about that wasn't intuitive? Those four steps feel like a given.
This is pretty much what Systems Thinking and Design Thinking is about. Most commonly known as iterative design, I think quite a lot of people already have accepted this design process. considering systems and design thinking are pretty much the same with just different semantics.
These guys are the reason Apple mouse iteration have always sucked
As a Peruvian, I see many students my age transferring to Innova Corp schools, and succeeding tremendously
I personally dislike the apple mouse. I like the more clicky feeling of a regular mouse.
The mouse creation job is called product design.
I have no idea why vox only has 2.9 million subscribers and vice has more pshh
What is Adam Savage's Brittish twin brother doing at Ideo?
You missed the most important thing about this process, and still managed to put it in the thumbnail: \n\nFeedbackloops.\n\nIt's the basic principle of Design thinking, finding out why your prototype isn't working and allways considering to going to the first step if the flaw is fundamental enough.\n\nWhat you describe is just a process companys have used for years, just switch Problem with potential marketshare.\n\nThe most important thing is, that the multiple brains communicate and rework until they've reached the endgoal they have defined together. If companies just work for a deadline and the designdepartment starts when the prototyping department finishes, then things like exploding Samsung phones happen.
Hidden Apple ad haha
Back when Apple really innovated
how to solve problems like Desiigner\nRAH GEGEGE
3:20 Yeah Blender!
Graaaaaaaaaa
Ted & Vox ✓
Capitalism
https://youtu.be/1LOfG63v2PU
How to solve problems like desiigner : Brrrrraaaaaa SKURRRT SKURRT GEH GEH GEH 😂
Fake news
Design thinking 101
basically the scientific method
How to solve problems like designer\nGiii Giii Gii yahhhhh, Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ydig ydig gi yahh
Liberals are mentally ill
disappointed. not really substantial or insightful.
More!!!! ❤️🙌💪
I got broads in Atlanta
Ideation???
Very nice videos
No mention of Xerox PARC
Spanish One-time Billing Recurring Billing PitchPlus Mobile HopLink Target URL supported Dividend Stocks Rock (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2jPEAbY
Blender! 3:19
TED x Vox > AntiSocialSocialClub x BAPE
Thus us nuggers
*SEXBOTS!!!*
Vielen Dank für Ihre Grüße aus Serbien
Oh, so we're doing native advertising now, are we? Be careful where you tread, Vox.
Can you do a video about depression ?
Cute but wow expensive clothes!! Haha nice one Amelia! Love it as always! X
I guess only Amelia can pull off a fashion video that genuinely radiates with positive energy and keeps you smiling for almost 15 minutes non stop ✨😘 Kisses, gurl, you rock the fashion world and totally deserve that ❤️
I absolutely LOVE your style! Oh how I wished I could afford your beautiful pieces! <3
Woo girl you spend a pretty penny on clothes! Loved watching this though
Wow just one of your outfits is over 3000 pounds! I realized a lot of bloggers, you tubers, etc during fashion week wear outfits worth over 1000-5000 dollars. I do know that you guys work hard for it! Its just crazy to fathom
love your style... but dont have that much money to spend on clothes .... <3
The givenchy boots are amazinggg
this type of video is amazing!! pls keep doing them
I never get tired of what a wear videos. This was AWESOME!
This c tilbury palette better be worth it. Trusting you Amelia.
I love everything except those balenciaga boots, I'm sorry but I just want to set them on fire and watch them burn
I loved the addition of prices on screen. Helps to know what I can actually afford and click only on those ones 😊 😘
OMG!!! So beyond excited for you meeting Charlotte Tilbury! 😍😍😍😍😍 Congratulation, girl!! I know how much you love her and her brand! It must have been a dream come true ✨✨✨
Great style Amelia! And thanks for showing us also your productive and walking gear:) I just loooove how you talk to Duke in the park, I do that also haha. And that nail polish colour looks awesome on you.
I love your style, gorgerous! You can do a video like this every month.
Can you please please do an updated hair care/style routine
That Fashion Week outfit is so Almost Famous!
You know that grey sweater with the pom poms you wore last year? What brand is it? I love it.
hi Amelia, what brand are your round gold frame glasses from ?
I LOVE dog licks!!! 😂 I feel the exact same whenever I see dogs anywhere!!
That intro thou 😂😂😂😂
gorgeous outfits
Love the outfits💗
I like this series! Should do them more often!
Love this style of OOTD
Damn you got some expensive shit!
I can't believe your wearing a down jacket already, it was 89 degrees in N.Y. today. Dreading the cold winter ahead and hoping for a really mild winter. You look adorable in whatever you wear.
The white zimmerman dress, bag and shoes combo was TO DIE FOR... really made me rethink that gucci blooms collection ! Looved the video Thank you so much 💗👐
Amelia, I absolutely lovedddd this video 😍😍 perfect!!! Pls do more such videos .. love your style babe x
Your wardrobe is amazing - love everything you wear! Beautiful!!
You are killing it with these outfits girl! I need to get my hands on that gilet xx
Loved this! Where is your pretty gold necklace from? Thanks ! X
OMG Love!!! Last night was my birthday and I think it was the first time all year I wore heels LOLOL <3 <3
The white dress with the slip from Monday evening is so cute! Thanks for showing off your style!
Love that you added the prices-so helpful!!
We love your style Amelia :-)))
Love the lime dress so much !!!
Are you the cutest human alive?
Absolutely loved this video! You should do these more often xx
That reversible vest is perfect ahh!!
Shit an african child would probably be set for life off of the money you spent on one pair of shoes.
Amelia, it would be great if you could find more dupes! Love a lot of these but definitely can't afford all of them haha.
what size do you have in your toyshop jamie jeans?? <3 love you
Loved this video, and especially loved those glasses you wore walking Duke. Would you mind checking the link for those, as it seems to be to a totally different pair. Love your always positive vibes and your style! Take care!!
Your style is AMAZING!
love how Duke looking at you every day,while  you showing your outfits 😂sooooooo cuuuuute😭😍
omg obsess with duke! soooo cute
Everything  is beautiful  😍
Love how you mix designer with high street!
You look like a princess ! In those manolo blahnik
I loved all the guest appearances from Duke in this video....and yes, I too love puppy/dog kisses!
Love the Givenchy boots, but the Balenciaga ones are hideous in my opinion. And they are everywhere 😔😔 - but its fun to watch you 👍🏽
Beautiful clothes, great style love duke in your videos he makes my day. keep up the great work. 👍😊
Love your hair
Yaaay 🤗 New fashion video 🙄
Amelia, honestly love your videos! 😊😊 love all your handbags!
Great Style 👌🏻😍😘🙋🏻
Looking gorgeous
Hey, what are those Nike trainers called?
Loved this! Your style is so cute :))
I surched up my name and I found this lol
DREAAAMY outfits!!! Love your taste in fashion and style! 😍\nCan you recommend the top wardrobe pieces to invest in?
Just wanted to say Amelia a huge congratulations  on doing the video with charlotte tilbury I watched your videos for years and I you have always mentioned her products so to see you working with her in videos is amazing and fabulous congratulations xxxx
So lovely this video 👌🏻 I loved all of your outfits 😍
Your style is so fabulous
Haha I always have at least a pair of heels and another jacket in my car, life saver! But how are you not cold? I live in London as well and I swear I wanna put on my whole wardrobe when I go out haha. Loove the Zimmerman white dress and the Manolos xx
When I see that notification, I legit freak! Love your videos!!
Love love love you. And your hair 😍😍 Duke is the cutest little cutie pie 💞😘
why are you even fucking bothering? nobody gives a fuck. I'm sat in sports kit, should I film it? no..cos I'm not a narcissistic cunt.
No hate, but why all that price tags? I mean... whats the point? :) Just curious :) ✌
Love from Malaysia..
RETARD
Amelia - the link for the zimmerman dupe isnt working.
You look amazing
Duke!!!  <3
Loved the blog
Love this. Definitely need to do these more often. Super informative
The Tularosa dress is one of my favs! Lace and those sleeves, so pretty.
Loved this video Amelia! I loved the informal/vlog style!!! Please make more!! 💜
Love how the romper looks with that coat! Gorgeous!
Society: dont judge me for what i look like.\n\nSame society: *gets naked* this is who i really am, dont judge me...
I was not aware poppy was afraid\n\n\n\n\npoppy is never afraid\n\n\n\n\n\npoppy is fReE
Might as well change this channel name to Charlotte.
Okay... In afraid of stores and their dolls
charlotte is a social commentary on what women are like for social media these days & how brainwashed they are.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP!
charlotte is a slut
Charlotte is on meth right now
This shows us how celebrities will do anything for attention, especially BEING NAKED! Because you'll always be the spotlight when you have nothing on, right? So the ones in the limelight take that advantage and use it to boost their fame! Isn't that why *many,* and *very famous* people are where they are today?! Good job, Poppy's team!
THIS IS SO INTERESTING!!
Have u ever been trolled befor?\n\n\n\n                      read more
Where tf am i
why is the plant the only one i  feel bad for
Ok where did Charlotte find the vodka this time!?
its just me or this plant is really cute
so the plant represents us viewers??
Can someone tell me why this is trending???????
What the fuck is this
What am I doing? Watching the fucking video... Duh...
cHARLOTTE WHAT IS YOU DOING
Am I the only one who notice they finally turn the subscriber number public?
“what do you know about decency you’re a plant” my new comeback for everything
I want to break Poppy, and make her my toy.
WTF IS THIS!!!\nARE YOU CRAZY OR STUPID...!!!!!\nUHHHH!
You are the daughter of illusions. People do not like you. People know secret codes on the site. You are a bad girl who makes you smile thanks to Illumanti. YOU ARE ANYONE.
Please Poppy Save me.\nI'm so sad.
Charlotte ne yapıyorsun #a#m#ı#n#a#k#o#y#a#y#ı#m
What is this. I am new And wtf
She is mean to Plant! 😡
B I K T I K L A N D I N
What the fuck, this is the shit side of youtube.....
What do you mean ???
U have same subscribers as M5
can you go to my channel  plizzz
I too wanna be popular
Poppy You Are So Goood But Why You make this type of videos?
ugh charlotte hun just stop trying to be relevant smh...
*W H A T  W O U L D  Y O U  K N O W  A B O U T  D E C E N C Y  Y O U R E  A  P L A N T*
'What do you know about decency, you're a plant!' Yh and bitch, *YOU'RE A MANNEQUIN* 😂
Are you in a secret session that you really are a robot? Do you know that your videos are rare? Do you know they are scary? I'm new and you're scared that you really are ??
Charlotte, why are you being so mean? Do you know that the children all over the world watching this. Is is not for children to watch. It's not far to show your naked body in front of the camera. Are you crazy? Are you out of your damn mind, huh!
Wow...so that just happened.
*_h_*\n     *_e_*\n          *_l_*\n               *_p_*
Hi. I'm Poopy.
SALAK
Turkeyy🙋👊👊nerdesiniz la hic turk yokmu
Bununda gördük aq
Let Charlote say FUCK
Poppy never do that!!!
You slut😐
;^)
seni
wtf did I just watch
Fuck you 😂?
Charlottes a Kardashian?
Wtf
begging for abandonment
Poppy love ❤💋
shit, charlotte snapped
Is this porn?
Holly shit, I'm scared
Wtf
Charlotte: feminazi\nPlant:Man
That's creepy 😂😂😂
42nd on trending??!!
Omggg its on trending
Bisey diyemiyom varya
Wtf
What the fuck
Fuck you plant
Ok..??.??...
Poppy
Boobs
goods poppy
Fuck yoouuuuuu!!!!!!!
i would smash
love your channel!
Fuck you
#TeamPoppy
charlotte are u gud bro
WTF WAS THAT
What the hell ???
Savage
ALLAH SENİ ALSIN
Hey popy good jap
Mk ultra is invovled
Türkler elleri görelim
fak yu plent zkcjdkdk
Yalakkk
go hall
Fakyu
Yo poppy I find you oddly attractive
Killing myself, wbu?
Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh uh....😶 🚶
Asılll sen napıyon aşkığğmmmmm xdxdxdxdxdxdxd
Next: Poppy goes naked
she gives me they creemos😶😶😶😶😶😶😶
Charlottedashan?!?! :0
pero q pinche pendejada es esta :v
Sex
Tracy you are very intelligent and your mother raised you well god bless  you  and  your  family
Can you do this with Ellen Pompeo from Greys Anatomy?
I just love her!!
Is she Barry Gordy's daughter?
This was the greatest 73 questions with the most amazing guest so far. It was hilarious, fun, cute and NATURAL. These other guests act like they memorized their answers like a script. Ugh everything Tracy does is amazing
I love her. She has such a beautiful smile and spirit!
Goddamn do I love her
THIS ONES THE BEST.
That's cool and interesting that she has her Alter Egos framed on the wall.
She is life, and Life is her!!!
What's the name of the 2nd author she recommended ? I can't understand it
Would anyone please tell me what authors she suggested to read? I only got the first one. Please!!
73 Questions with Aishwarya Rai in her Mumbai Home Jalsa...Pleassssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
The power to impeach...lmao. This why i heart this woman. She already is a style icon
I had no idea who this person was before watching this video. I still have no idea who she is. But i LOVE her
She is the kind of woman you will want to get lost with a new city and discover your passion for life, friendships and happiness, all over again.
I WISH GIRLFRIENDS WOULD COME BACK
She already a style icon in my mind. I want permission to frame some of her looks or buy.
Y'all better get this woman  on the cover of Vogue soon! Long overdue imo.
My favourite one so far!
Such a class act
I've said it once, and I'll say it again, Evan ross is slowly morphing into Luscious lyons.
Most fascinating 73 questions yet!!!  This woman is nothing short of exquisite.
I love her home. Scripted. Still love her home.
well what a delight ! lol
classy! had no idea she can speak french! Underrated actress
I want to be like her when I grow up! 🤓
I. LOVE. Tracy Ellis Ross, she is naturally funny, her home is really homey and down-to-earth.  And the bunjee-jump scream was hil-arious!
Since Girlfriends, didn't know she was kind of a role model...slick lady!
My god I don’t know if I can take any more of this phony hoe.
I love Tracy. Beautiful spirit
She is the woman I aspire to be 💕
This was the realest one yet.
This is the best 73 questions ever!!!!
She is amazing and her home is so very warm and elegant. Love you Tracee!
This is the BEST 73 questions I ever seen. In fact this may be the best thing I've ever seen.
Man I thought I'd really like her in person, but after this not so much. Shes surprisingly vulgar and lewd. Thought her a bit higher class than this, but I guess not. oh well.  Guess I really shouldn't be THAT surprised.
Love. Love. Love... Tracee is that person you want to go have tea and a bagel with on Wednesday morning when you're both playing hookie from work, and together go on an off-the-cuff adventure for the day.
She looks so much like my mom.omg
To Queen Diana Ross, your daughter is Amazing!
Does anyone know where she got that couch in her living room it looks so comfy
her brother sounded like keen hart for a second lol
Staged as f. But it's ok. This is the american way.
How can anyone dislike this. 😒 She is a joyful beauty queen 😊😊
SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL HOME!
she is so fantastic. her smile made me smile the entire time.
This is the less rehearsed 73Q in my opinion, even the camera guy sounds like he's feeling home and relaxed.
2:50...that awkward moment when you realize this whole thing is staged and he fucked up where he was supposed to point out the photos that are not even in frame......do better, sir.
I really, really love this lady.   So grounded and genuinely nice.
She's so cool and gorgeous!!
She is easily everything.
Do more women like this one not other young and bored others.
(3:30) What do the phrases curated and cold-pressed suppose to mean in Hollywood?
I'm 27 and you better believe I would impregnate this woman.
The power to impeach. 👌🏼
She said the power to impeach...I'm deceased
Wonder how people would react with a show called Whiteish.
-What's your biggest fear?\n-Being misunderstood.\n\nRight after answering Nina Simone. \n\nI saw what you did there.
shes more than happy shes Gay, poor soul guess shes lonely a lot
THIS IS THE BEST INTERVIEW VOGUE HAS DONE FOR 73 QUESTIONS !!
10/10 for her french accent  👏🏾
I LOVE U TRACEE! best 73 questions in 73 questions history, and im not saying that jus cause im biased
She is just so down to earth and fun…
Tracee Ellis Ross, you are a GODDESS! A true inspiration.
who does the 73 questions?
She is one of my favorite people! So joyful and authentic! 😍
I love her answer about trees, i totally understand and feel the same way.
My favorite one so far. I love her, she seems to natural, confident, genuinely good, and down to earth. \nAnd omg, Ashlee ❤
It is encouraging and inspirational to see a black woman who is healthy and wealthy! Go Ms Ross!
She got some bathwater that straight up needs drinking.....
I wonder if people think this is a 'off the cuff' interview? Because it seems rehearsed AF. The cringe is strong here.
https://embposts.wordpress.com/2017/09/22/85/#more-85
Light personified
LOVE HER!!! 💋💋💋
I fucking LOVE her!!!
73 QUESTIONS WITH MY BITCH RIHANNAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
What a gem
Best 73 Questions ever....
my favourite 73 questions yet????
YAY RAINBOW ! ❤️
Milf
ANYBODY ELSE DOING THESE COPY HER AMAZINGNESS
Fab! Yes! Woot! Energy! Aura! Style! Hair! Trees! Belting! Origami Cranes! AHAHAHAHAHA OHH GEEZ THIS MADE MY DAY, she's just so, so, so, so lovely.
Love Her!!!
Completely loved this!
Emma Watson PLS
73 QUESTIONS WITH LANA DEL REY PLEASE!!
she is everything
rihanna and james dean, gurl you just stole my dream threesome
HER FUCKING KITCHEN 😍😍😍😍😭
Amazing job ‼️
Forex Candlesticks Made Easy! http://bit.ly/2hnXxlb
yes id love some lemonade!
Love her
Evan & Ashlee!!!
Do 73 questions with Gal Gadot
Love here!!!
I just adore her!
Beautiful Energy 💖
73 Questions with Jimmy Fallon or Jimmy Kimmel!
I am a queen of self sabotage tbh but I'm seeing a therapist and working towards fixing that, as well as the multitude of other issues of course. It's a bit overwhelming but with time I think I'll be able to get there. I got really lucky that the first psychologist I've seen seems to be a perfect fit for me, she's great at identifying the negative things I do and getting down to why I do them.
I am so thankful for you ❤ I love your videos, some are really soul healing
Thank you so much
I just did it. While pushing the person behind the doors.
With psychiatry, we call that cognitive behavioral theraphy where in we challenge and direct those kind of negative beliefs
Thank you so much for your videos. They are very well done & address issues I think everyone could stand to talk about a bit more in life. I admire the style of your channel, that its a self help style that includes a creative side. Your videos have made a difference in my life & I can't wait to see what else you create!! 💃✨
This happens to people without discipline.
I think it takes a lot of will to actually have conversations like that with yourself. You seem like a great, down to earth person that wants to know about her strengths and her weaknesses. Knowing that stuff might not always make you happy in the short term, but in the long term it will do wonders. I hope I get lucky enough to have awesome people like you in my life one day and anyone who has you in theirs is one lucky SoB. Keep being awesome!
Anna Akana: \n*Rock Show*\nLoudness/Crazy Nights\n(HighImpactFlix) \n<Pinned> Comment Section \nThe Vapors/I Think I'm Turning Japanese ;)\n\nBeastie Boys/Sabatage
yes how beautiful, to see how much youve grown and are able to help others through it.. thanks <3
I see you're stuffing your bras now or wearing a really strong push-up bra lol\nLooks nice tho 😂
I guess I'm having self-therapy because I question my actions and behaviors all the time. Thanks for raising awareness Anna!
I just wanna say, thank you. :) This helped.
Who's here for boobs?
I'm certain this lady is SICK TO DEATH of people telling her how hot she is, so i wont. She sure is Caliente though!
I want this girl to be my therapist!
Just came to look at her
What program/how do you create the illustrations for your videos? --btw I very much enjoyed this video's message <3
I bet you've heard this a lot but your hot have a nice day
This was great. I really needed this.
As always, you've nailed it. Great work, fair lady. Thanks for your insight.
Been clinically depressed and sometimes suicidal for years now, ans it got worse when my dad got permanently brain damaged and the other day, I scared my mom when we got into an argument and I forcefully ran into a wall in front of her. My high school councilor helps the slightest bit , but I’m going to college in a year so . . . Wtf do I do with my life XD
Thanks for the inspiration !😏
Hey Anna, could you do longer cameo in Ant-Man sequel? I need to see you act more...
your house is beautiful
i don't need your help, i can sabotage me by myself - caught in the middle by paramore, after laughter
Let's have an Asian Baby
THOSE ARE BEAUTIFUL DOORS OMG! IM NOT EVEN A PERSON WHO'S INTO DOORS BUT THOSE ARE SOME DAMN FINE DOORS.
Hi! Where did you buy your glasses? Love them!
To bleed is to know you're alive
Thanks Anna. This is exactly how I'm feeling right now and I was like wow. I needed to that. And so to the point. Kudos. Boom boom boom 💥💕
why did your sister kill herself?
I use humor as a defense mechanism so people don't realize how dead insideI am 😀
Dark, yet very real subject matter talked about openly and logically with unyielding honesty without being afraid to be humorous about it in places? Holy crap, did you earn the heck out of a sub!
It's amazing how open you are about everything, I think it really gets the message across and could be very therapeutic for someone with these problems
You are too beautiful. I need to not subscribe or else I'll become a mega fan.
Good job understanding you have a problem, seeking help, and dealing with it.
Wow Anna you are so amazingly upbeat and positive for coping with your sister's suicide. I feel like that kind of pain is enough to change someone forever.
CASINOS are EXPERTS in facilitating the kind of environment that caters to self destruction. will you let them take your money?
can i massage your feet?
Good. It’s an inside job 💯 % of the time.
Join Email List to Grab This Free Report http://bit.ly/2xoK0Ok
All i want in life is to stop it
Logic versus feelings. AND THE EXPENSIVE THERAPIST SAID LOGIC WINS.\nSounds like the red pill to me!\nYep happiness is the red pill. 🤘😄
I'm so thankful for you Anna, you made that explanation so simple and accurate, thank you 💜😊✌️
The thing about Ana is her honesty. If you browse through yt most channels try to show you the perfect life. Big cars, beautystandards, perfect bodies and perfect relationship.\nThis takes away the self confidence of a lot(!) of young people, mostly girls.\nAna is doing the opposite by being completely honest about her problems.\nI love that Ana, keep it up pls :)
where did you get your glasses?
You have borderline personality disorder. That's why YOU self sabotage.
WE don't ALL do it. \nNext time, try using I instead of We. \nI don't self sabotage, i have many problems including procrastination, but not self sabotage. I only procrastinate on things i have to do, not things i want to do.
I had to go back and look at the credits, but I was correct. You were Batista in Wrestling isn't Wresling! Nice.
I love her glasses! Any clue where they're from?
Wow I've been battling all sorts of stuff blindly trying to put my finger on my problem. That's the first time I've related all that's going on so well. \n\nThank you so much for articulating that Anna, I wish I'd known a bit earlier, been dealing with it for a little while..... You know 10 years or more... Cough...... Tumble weed....\n\nI may make good use of your revelation yet ☺️
Anna check out my Facebook live Audio on overcoming the world. Hope you like it. \nhttps://www.facebook.com/calebsknox/posts/296893214050870
It took me years to figure out precisely WHY I suddenly became really socially anxious, especially after being very socially powerful throughout my childhood. Knowing why is a powerful KEY to open the door and just solve it very easily.
(JESUS; THE ALMIGHTY!!!):\n\nAnd I saw heaven opened,\nand behold a white horse; \nand he that sat upon him\nwas called Faithful and True,\n\nand in righteousness \nhe doth judge \nand make war.\n\nHis eyes were as a flame of fire, \nand on his head were many crowns;\nand he had a name written, \nthat no man knew, \nbut he himself.\n\nAnd he was clothed with \na vesture dipped in blood:\nand his name is called\n\nThe Word of God.\n\n(Revelation 19:11-13). \n_________________________________________________\n\nBehold,\n\nhe cometh with clouds; \nand every eye shall see him, \nand they also which pierced him:\n\nand all kindreds of the earth \nshall wail because of him.\nEven so, Amen.\n\nI am Alpha and Omega, \nthe beginning and the ending, \nsaith the Lord,\n\nwhich is, \nand which was, \nand which is to come,\n\nthe Almighty.\n\n(Revelation 1:7-8). \n________________________________________________\n\n(JESUS):\n\nI am he that liveth,\nand was dead;\n\nand, \nbehold, \n\nI am alive for evermore, \nAmen;\n\nand have the keys \n\nof hell \n\nand of death.\n\n(Revelation 1:18).
We've all done it. False.
The message in this is wonderful but please please dont push the devastating stigma that suicide is ever the person who died's fault. Suicide is a disease not a choice.
hey anna, i saw the album cover of evolve of imagine dragons on the background and i wondered if u are a big fan like me or that u maybe helped making that  piece of art ?
*How much did you pay for the therapist? (hah dumb Murricans)*
I can relate so much hahaha I bought your book this week and I've almost finished it it's so good💓💓
Quit raping comedy, go have sex and quit being so prude ya dusty old bat.
Sometimes a procrastinator and years of effort of suppressing self destructive behaviors due to my troubled childhood, you Anna, I praise your words of wisdom. I'm really sorry about your loss and everyone's their own judge but your are not to blame and I'm sure it would make your sister happy if you support the same positivity and encouragement to those who are struggling while bringing smiles to everyone's faces. Anyways, may God bless you and please take care! <3
I only came here for the girl. I don't even know what this channels about
I can relate
BRAVO!!!
Stop.
I love her
bOObs
luv u!
Is Gotham no longer awesome?
life is crazy yo
seriously needed this tonight. thanks Anna!
1000th comment
Omg this is so truueeeeee
Very True!!!! SMH
Thanks
no thanks
Ray's chick.
You're so freaking iconic
Dog shes in antman
I love you
You are brilliant
Hottttttttt
Asians are gorgeous 🤔
HOWWWW DO IIIII STOP PROCRASTINATING !!!! 😭
Damn girl ur soo beautiful 😍😍🌹🌹🌹🌹
control search *boob*
watching this to procrastinate/self sabotage lel
So Batman... right?
sooooooooo true!
I can do
nice baby
Thats one crazy cool door.
A stands for Anna Akana
Does Anna's boobs look bigger to anyone? #imjealous
One suggestion next time do your episodes topless you WAY more\nViews that way 😉😉😉😉👌🏼
Anybody have this chick’s phone number? I’d like to solicite her for sex.
Arent You the girlfriend of that =3 guy?
Perfect timing. My self destructive behavior has completely changed my life for the worse recently. Hopefully this experience is just a wake up call.
I like your green dress, it's really pretty.
thumbs up if you have no idea why lily is hitting everything but you love it anyway x
Thanks hun for dropping the stupid accent thing! \nMade your vlog 100 times better, I could really enjoy watching it.
Lily is annoying
'there's not much here' WHATTT I hope you looked at the statutes in Central Park like the Alice in Wonderland one?!! Love your vlogs guys :) <3
What’s the songs name ?
I love you in hats Michael, you should wear them more!! :)
Lily is too funny 😹 I was just eating breakfast and that kid falling off his bike was too funny I nearly spat my food out
I legit watch these blogs for the accent \nIt's that's funny
Michael please don't stop doing that accent as well as the rest of you guys it's literally the funniest shit Iv heard in ages and it's what makes you guys you! Legit my whole group and I all speak like that now it's so hilarious and if people don't want to hear you guys being you then they can LUTTRALEY FUCK OFF LIKE A CUNDLE STUCK YUH 😂💓💘💕💞 ALSO LOVE YOU @makeupbymichaelfinch
What's the girls name on YouTube that was in the lift at the start? xx
The whole reason i loved the vlog was because of the accent DONT STOP IT PLSSS LMAO
Lily is actually the best
Please make a complete haul of everything you have bought in America
Are you gay or transgender?
fuck. what a faggot
Jealous we wanna hit Newwwww York
Lily hitting everything I'm dying hahahahhahaha
Wtf are those sunglasses
THE PUNCHING SOUNDS NOOOO I AM DONE HAHAHHAHAH
I LOVE the accent!!
Bahahahaha ha \nOk so...I just smoked a bong before your vlog. And I'm sorry but that kid falling off his bike. !!!!!!! The timing!!!! I can't stop laughing 😂😂😂😂😂
Really really enjoyed this vlog! Normally I skip through vlogs but I loved the whole thing. So wish I could be your friend Michael haha you just have such a positive bubbly lighthearted aura which not many people have:) And you're looking great by the way:)
Beautiful !!! your ideas and the way you shoot the vlog. I am inspired for me next trip to NYC
I love that you're unapologetically you!! Such an inspiration x
Don't stop talking with that accent I love it?!!? Duuuuuuul xo
Omg no! I love it when you all do the accent thing! 😍❤️
aww the C train is the train line I take everyday
T h i s   g u y   i s   S o  G A Y
FRANK WALKER FROM NATIONAL TILESSSSSS...... I cannot breathe
your last vlog was good but yeah that talking yous did was really annoying ... glad this one is better xxx <3
Btw please NEVER stop adding sound affects, they are so funny
No way I love that accent is cracks me up every time, I'll have a shit day then I'll watch yours or theirs vlogs and it will instantly be better 😁
I LOVE THE WAY THEY TALK THOOO OMG 😭❤️
Nooo do the accents again they are the best
haha when the fucking kid fell and micheal did the edit OMG I died
The little boy remix I'm dying 😭😂
I'm legit so offended they went to Applebee's for breakfast! 😂 AND they had to put actual effort into getting there! lol I can't.
I love the accent ❤️
these videos make me so happy
Nooooo I LOVE the accent it's sooooo funny!!!!
Oh a squirrel I've never seen these in person. Can you feed it? 😂
Fuck that! I think the voice you guys do is hilarious it always cracks me up
omg keep the accent its the best thing ever !!!!<3
i love the accent ! it was so funny. those sound effects of lilly hitting things lmao \n\n(ps can you please do a general haul and not just makeup? like everything you bought in general. over it dal)\n\npps. your #30 on trending!!
First...the silliness from last vlog wasn't annoying at all lol second....the sound effects in this vlog had me dying
Omg you have never seen a squirrel before! They’re everywhere here in England ❤️
i literally love when you guys talk like that. it brightens my day. i’ve started doing it myself !! xx
Just me who loves the accent so much! I literally cannot stop doing it myself! CYA 💅🏻😘
Someone should probably smack Lilly.. I mean is that how she is going to remember New York her smacking stuff.. I just hope you all got to see more; I feel like you saw 10 percent of NY...
love u all xxxxxxx lilly is so funny how she hits everything bahahh xxxxx
For the record i love the accent thing its crack up 😂
Literally the best friend group eva
does anyone feel like shani isnt really apart of the group or theres some tension or shes just like a big up herself compared to the rest? love her but just an observation
THAT KID FALLING OFF HIS BIKE😂😂😂
do you know how much I love you. I've literally been following you for so so so long! as well as Shani!!!! Lilly, Syke and Rahnee can all thank YOU for me following them ;) P.S CAN I PLEASE BE ON YOUR SNAPCHAT. so much love for you
fuck you all i love that accent
I lost it when that kid fell off his bike 😂😂😂😂 poor kid
This has to be one of the the funniest vlogs I've seen of yours. The hitting sound effects, the kid falling off the bike, hey del to batman. Ugh you kill me ❤️
Where are Rahnee’s sunglasses from when she’s wearing them on the subway? X
Lily cracks me up so much 😂😭
why are you changing the way you are/act to please other people? like do your thing no matter what people think
Only a minute into the vlog and am heartbroken that you said you won't talk in your accent much :(
Michael takes critique like a pro 👏👏 Great vlog!!
I love how real you are 😊 xx
KEEP THE VOICE! It's you, and part of your personality. Haters can get fucked, don't change for anyone :)
Actually loved the accent in your previous vlog, it honestly made my day 😂 love your vlogs❤️❤️
Micheal's vlogs are the best hahahaah
Cuz he's gay all the comments are sucking up to him lmao
lily is a crack up. her qwerks kill me
Actual cannot deal with Lilly and her slapping ahahahahah my stomach hurts from laughing! 😂😂 your editing is on point in this vid!
Michael can you please reply its my birthday and if you reply that will be the best present ever
The fucking sound effects hahahaaa i am sooo done
So much better, thanks for toning it down
I love you skye!!!!!!! So so much!! I just got done watching your whole season of big brother and I loved every minute<333333 You slay at life Michael!!
I love the LA vlog it so funny me and my friend always watch you and when we went out last weekend we was calling everyone candlesticks 😂😂
I love THE accent people are dickheads ignore them x
I feel so bad for laughing the the little kid fell.
That girl who keeps hitting everythink is literally so annoying!!! I'm over it. \nLove you Michael 😘
OMG THE KID FALLING OFF HIS BIKE HAS ME DEAD!!! LOVE ALL OF YOU XOXOX
A truly vacuous person yuk.
babe your skin looks amaze
I LOVE YOU GUYS OMD
Can Lily stop hitting everything #overit 😑
More vlogs!!!
Lily has me crying. AHAHAHHA
Shani is so fucking pretty.
Are your parents proud?
THE BOY HAHAHAAHA
i love the accent dont stop plz thankq
the kid.... im dead!!
Fuck gay people
keep the accent
Holy shit Lilly kills me 😂🥂
MORE VLOGS, pls :)
You gay little shit
FAVOURITE VLOG!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxpPc31caYylXOwccgiPMCg/videos?view_as=subscriber
Wtf is that human?
Fuck what people say, do that accent whenever you please. It's gorg qqqq 💗
These peoples faces will be hanging round their necks by the time they are 50! Beauty is natural! You can't fake it!
I still don't like hamburgers though. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan. I just hate the taste. :|
if you want to know more about this, look up kuru
Use lake conclusion chief half site display healthy.
So thats what all the fuss was about... huh.
Fun fact! This is why I don't eat beef! But now also environmentalism reasons.
Considering hamburgers are 90% lips and arseholes.....its probably best to sear clear of them anyway.
I can't donate blood since I used to live in Europe in the 90's because of this. It's like I have Schroedinger's Mad Cow Disease.
YEAHhhhhhhh .... Just totally gloss over the fact that the cattle testing program here in the US wouldn't catch a case that occurred even if there was one. Besides not testing nearly enough of the cattle we eat, the cattle are slaughtered at less than 2 years old. Which is long before BSE would be detectable. And even one prion is enough to eventually kill you, the amount you eat just determines how long the incubation period is. And we have an Alzheimer's epidemic where the symptoms can in some cases be strikingly similar to vCJD... (cough cough ignore the anomalous autopsies of Alzheimer's and dementia patients.)
It's been mooted that a cleaning process involving carbon-tetraflouride that was stopped, IIRC, in the 80's, (over legitimate concerns about it's use) may have allowed the scrapie prion to migrate.
F u Mad Cow! Getting nagged at 24/7 to give blood, while no one wants it cuz I went to the UK to visit fam a few times in the 90s 🖕
I wonder if Donald Trump ate his own steaks? If so, where did they come from? \nThat might explain a lot! ;-)
Prions in land fills, do not die. Think about what they do with the brain. The brain contains the Prions and yes they can travel to other areas of the body, but mostly they are found in the brain.
They run out of finance after the project got discovered, like the aids and anti biotics project. All man made problems they get paid to fix.
In India, we call people like you 'Champu'😂
Man I guess I should never eat cow anymore. Probably shouldn't eat pork just to be safe. Plus with bird flu I shouldn't eat chicken either. You know what? I'm just going to eat bats and bush animals, that's almost certainly safer!
huh.. so its not a zombie apocalypse.
Yep, can't donate blood in the USA because of living in the UK in the early 90s.
Why do people scream during night? How to fix it?
Cows were fed with dead Cows?? ? Srsly. Aren't cows herbivores?
Maybe we could look at the theory of Kuru
perhaps, the cows are no longer angry. arbitration, i suppose ...et carter
Your steak is not out to get you\nthat's debatable, lol
1.Get a grass eater.\n2.Feed it its own meat.\n3.Wait for results.\n4.Repeat the process.\n5.Call yourself a wise ape.\n6.NO PROFIT.
What the he’ll is this. Everybody knows made snail disease is worse
Human madness also comes from eaten crushed human bones and muscles
The government creates these diseases to scaremonger , what ever happened to mad cow disease , bse, bird flu , SARS , Ebola ,
If a cat is pissed off at me does it have mad meow disease?
I'm a Vegan now 😊
The previous episode on the same topic was way more informative - \nthis is all about cannibalism \nhttps://youtu.be/Cubu-k7kSvw
I actually know someone who died of mad cow disease about 5 years ago and in just two months she was dead. it was on the news and everyone was freaking out cause apparently another lady in the same area got it around the same time
I was in the UK during the mid 90's and for that reason i'm not allowed to donate blood.
Is a similar disease that infects whitetail deer and caused by a similar issue it can leave entire regions uninhabitable for whitetail deer for Generations
A friend of mine still doesn't eat beef because of it.
3:33 the bit about donating blood. It seems every blood drive I run into, I seem to be the first one to have ever educated any of the people taking blood on this. When I tell them I cannot donate blood because I lived in Germany between 1978 and 1982, and again between 1988 and 1994, they just look at me like I'm weird.
So if it isn't a problem to eat meat from a cow with mad cow disease, how come they won't allow you to donate blood if you lived in England during the outbreak?
Done it again, though this was going to be about 3 phase feminism.\n🤣😂😂🤣 no this is about friendly animals.
Mad cow disease is on the streets and called Antifa.
.......how did they not figure out an herbivore shouldnt be fed an cannibal diet....... oh Europeans. your history is quite telling
i remember an outbreak of it in the 2000s and i remember alot of hispanics were pissed about about it because alot of cow organs werent sold because of the disease scare. you had a higher risk of getting it if you ate the organs.
What happened to Mad Cow Disease?\nGovernment Regulation & Enforcement.
what makes it really scary is that prions can remain inactive in the brain for decades before being set off. there are people who ate infected beef in the 90s are still alive today with ticking time bombs in their heads.
My mother has this sad to say
There's one inaccuracy in this video. When he says that all cases in the u.s. were picked up over seas. My grandma died of vCJD before i was born. They don't know how she got it. So we can't know for sure that it was picked up over seas
New farming practices yeah like not force cannibal feeding cows? Genius.
I actually knew one of the few that were effected by the human strain. It was really sad :(
The human appetite for animal flesh is a driving force behind virtually every major category of environmental damage now threatening the human future - deforestation, erosion, fresh water scarcity, air and water pollution, climate change, biodiversity loss, social injustice, the destabilization of communities and the spread of disease. -- The World Watch Institute
The reason is because it was a prion disease. It was from cows eating things tanted with cow brains. \n\nBasically its when the brain folds protiens wrong. It happens when you eat brain matter of the same species you are from . (grey matter)
I lived in the UK during the time of Mad Cow Disease, and now I'm not allowed to give blood because of it. When is that ever going to go away?!?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k41N-3NE_cs  Check out great unbox and live demo of Pepperball gun
incentive dad automatic fork whether state black pop graduate soon.
I actually subscribed to this channel because of your video on prions when I was researching Mad Cow Disease... It's all come full circle.
They changed the name to  Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease instead of calling it BSE bovine spongiform encephalopath
cannibalism immortality is true in any species. Aside from morality that is how prions happen in any animal. (Prion not preon) Why didn't the UK  government ban this practice?
Not a single mention of almonds... I am somewhat disappointed. (Let all the super nerds who get what I mean manifest themselves.)
They stopped feeding cows cow brains so it went away.
i don't like this dude, bring back hank
BSE started to be a thing when farmers fed fish powder to cattle in order to make them grow faster. Cows are not carnivores and the rest is history!
There is a similar prion disease in humans called Kuru. Groups in Papua New Guinea that practiced cannibalism in funeral ceremonies cooked and ate most of the body including the brain. After the practice was discontinued new cases dropped dramatically but it still popped up for over 50 years from people who were infected before the practice was ended. The last official death from Kuru was in 2009 and the epidemic was declared over in 2012 with no verifiable cases since.
Now I'll go and eat steak.
Weird, I looked it up awhile back & found something about it being caused by the pesticides being used on the cows to keep flies that make holes in their hides away, and the chemicals from said pesticides reached their brains because of the holes flies had made. Good to know the actual cause though.
But how is the cow mad..
Well, that's comforting to know.......?
So we don't know for sure how people got vCJD but we know all Americans who got it picked it up overseas. You guys...
I always read that eating the raw brain of your species is what causes the prions to become mad and react with a degenerative disease. \nBasically you can't eat someone else's prion. It doesn't like yours and will attack.
Look up David Louthan Mad Cow Disease Moses Lake Wa. David Louthan, my moms ex and my little brothers father, alerted to a cow showing symptoms of BSE, at Vern's Meats. It was all over the news for a little while. The cow did test positive. And also our family's life was torn apart from his fame
I learned about the disease Kuru long ago and it was very interesting. It was a prion disease spread when a cannibal tribe in New Guinea honored their dead relatives by eating them. So a relative would die of Kuru and the relatives would eat them and get infected with Kuru! It was like Mad Cow disease for cannibals. You can read about it on Wikipedia. \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
It was renamed to feminism
Ok . butt what about the parallels of mad cow and cannabalism,what about that?
I feel like people aren't making nearly as big a deal as they should that WE PUT GROUND UP COWS INTO COW FEED! That is f**king disgusting and there should be a law against it with a harsh punishment.
Why are they feeding cows meat?
Can you do one on Mad Snail Disease next?
Oh I thought it was Mad Snail Disease
What's more important is what ever happened to mad snail disease
I can’t give blood for this reason, I was born in Germany. However, I’ve learned that if you go to a blood draw and fill out the paperwork, they’ll still give you the snacks for trying
LOOK UP FORMER USDA MEAT INSPECTOR ON MAD COW DISEASE
By God's Grace this has abated.
Those continuous meaningless hand motions look like early-onset mad presenter disease.
We didn't eat cow meat for years back then.
First 40 subscribers will have a chance of winning beats solo wireless 2
This was a good video...well done.\n                                                 👆🏻
Jeez I only knew about this because of katt williams lol.
Kuru.
JCVD
....but...where is Hank?....
Why hollywood wont hire mad cow disease anymore.
those horrible people making cows carnival. 😢
Red sky at night,\nCattle alight.
What about mad snail Disease
THEEEEE MAD COW DISEASE
what great speech
THE THUMBNAIL 😂😂😂
Ayyyyyyyyyyy
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
.....you're not Hank.
You know the best way to avoid getting mad cow disease, don't eat meat, simple.
Another good reason to be vegan
New farming practices like....not telling the truth about how farmers and the American government work together to cover up the cases? Then any case exposed is tarred as Alzheimer's or dementia instead? 🤔
Is this how dementia is being  branded as a modified version of cjd but the govt not admit it ?
BSE Causes nervous system damage . Your steak doesn't come from the nervous system as a matter of fact the nervous system isn't sold for that reason it's destroyed So eat your steak with no fear ! Don't be scaring consumers with biased ass video . Thanks .
What do YOU think, huh?? Well, I'll clue you in, Mr. Clueless. It went from Mad to Glad!! You blind cocksucker, can't you see the cow is smiling?? Don't laugh
up until now, this is the greatest thing we've ever done.  Lettuce know what can top this...
800
I'm jealous!
Shout out to #sike overload
Never had bagel bites 🤷🏻‍♀️
Make giant fries
Make snowman in September
Im ok with both
Business Credit Blueprint By Brian Diez (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2wMMS5V
This is my butthole lululu! Lol so funny!
2:20 so wronge lol
Giant
Make a giant popcorn !!!!!!!
Probably 24 bagels in one sitting
The giant pizza bit
Make GIANT pepsi
GIANT OF CORSE YEAHHHH
Make a giant Cinnabon delight
Make chilli cheese bites... and Mabey make I huge
Make a giant kitkat
I can only eat 9 bagel bites
Make a giant snickers bar
pleas do something big vegetarian stuff!!!!!
Giant chicken ball
To cum inside rofl.
MAKE A GIANT CROQUETTE!!! MHMMM
Make a giant slushy
BACON MAC AND CHEETOS POT PIE !!!
Giant cheedo
DIY giant KFC double down dog.
Can you try Jollibee
do a giant dumpling pls.
#41 trending, lol
Make a mini hamburger
100
Ayyyyy #41 on trending
Giant
Giant chicken pot pie
Triple barf
Giant Bagel look Gluttony.
Do JP vs Julia
I think I'm the only person that has never had a bagel bite. EVER
Watch this entire video with ur eyes closed
I'm only getting bon Jovi because it's the name of a music artist I love
MIN 1:58! 😱😱😱😱 I saw a HAIR!! A long hair going into the dough!! Right side of screen! Just wanted to point that out.
I need to buy an oven now...
So just a pizza.
I have never eaten a bagel bite
Can u make a giant chicken fry
so we just gonna ignore how sexual it looked😂
Don't mean to ruin the video but isn't a giant bagel bite just a pizza?
Who else is waiting for that binging with babish collab
When they said bongovi I thought they meant Bon jovi the singer
what was that song
I know this is a bad way to advertise but please support my cousin in this fundraiser for school (Use link)\nhttp://www.fundshoppe.com/fundraiser/direct?code=1180162
They literally just made a pizza with thick crust
Please, do a sex tape!
*Puts giant bagel bite in the oven*\nThis is the coolest thing I've ever seen\n\n\n\nMe: Well you obviously haven't seen much cool things
lmao y'all are gonna make fun of me but i have eaten 22 bagel bights in one sitting :)
If you are famous reply to this comment
is it just me im eating mini pizza's while she's makeing one lol stealler lol jk yrc
1:35 all of that was thats what he/she said
1:56 was...was that a hair under the dough?
Hey can u guys make a mac and chesse inside a meatball pls
I would have the giant one
I can eat 40 bagel bites in one sitting I'm 13 and skinny idk how
You should do a giant funnel cake
Can you make more vs video's??
Can you make a berger replacing the bun with waffles ,the patty with pizza and the bacon with fries
This is like a vat19 vid        🤣🤣
THIS IS MY BUT HOLE
The big one is the best one
Do a giant Reese's peanut butter cup! There's no wrong way to eat it.
Guys can you make a GIANT DOUGHNUT Please 🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩
Didn’t anybody see the hairs coming out of the dough at 1:58?
There is a hair in the dough at 1:58
can you please make a giant macaroon
I can already feel my bowels moving
Dam sucks i was the first person to say this month's ago I didn't get no shout out :(
It looks like a butthole
Hey you two can you make a chicken pizza
Who's with me the bigger the better\nLike
Whats the music at 6:52??
I ate 6 packs of those family packs so...(and 2L Pepsi)\n18x6=?\n\n\n\n108 damn
Low-key thought you said bon johve sponsored your vid and I was like how
Do a giant pizza roll
Idk I feel like it needs to be bagel dough
Healthy Junk Food: \n*Rock Show*\nThe Burbs/The Pizza Dude \n(HighImpactFlix) <Pinned> \nComment Section \nWeird Al Yankovic/Eat It \nDef Leppard/Love Bites ;)
I would eat the **** out of that pizza bagel ;>
You’d think they’d take some of that YouTube money and get this chicks teeth fixed.
Try a mazapan pancake mazapan breaks easily and if you dont know what it is look it up!
50% Discount Offer started on Amazon\nAmazon Basics Pet Training and Puppy Pads, Regular\nhttp://amzn.to/2wNcj75
She made a pizza
TETRIS FRIES TETRIS FRIES TETRIS FRIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!
You guys should put a warning. Warning don't watch if you are hungry and don't have bagel bites.
Do JP and Julia date?
Don’t get lost in the sauce...
Can you guys plz make a giant hershey's bar?
@HealthyJunkFood make a Big Mac and a cheese
Am I the only one who noticed that one strand of hair on 1:57?
Loved the look! I missed your makeup tutorials! 💙 Get ready with me coming up anytime soon? :)
I miss your makeup tutorials.
I always love your natural make up looks. So realistic for everyday! Can't imagine Instagram style makeup as a midwife 😂
Nice look. Fresh yet elevated as per usual, Fleur.
Hey Fleur !!!! Loved your smokey look on instagram . Hoping to see that smokey look tutorial too.... 💕❤️💕
I need to know what nail polish are you wearing! Like NEED TO KNOW :D you are so pretty
You should do more tutorials :)
Your earrings are stunning! Love those hoops, where are they from? Like so she can see!!!
You make putting liner in your tight line look so easy hahah
I've really missed your make-up tutorials, Fleur. Since being pregnant, you look (even more) amazing without make-up. It's nice to see you embrace your natural pregnancy glow! After all the drama with the US YouTube influencers, it's refreshing to come back to you. I can't believe how unfairly critical I was of you in the past. You deserve so much respect for keeping it real. He, you prefer high-end and you remain consistent with it. You don't only use drugstore/high street make up just to gain views. You do you. I love that. Xxx
My perfect kind of look!
Hey Fleur :) beautiful video as always! do you not set your foundation at all? If I didn't, it would crease so much, especially under my eyes!
The lisptick is in 28 pecan nude? It looks more like 29 orchid glaze. I can't decide between those 2 so thanks for confirmation which one you've used in your video!
Who else loves her accent? 😍😩
You've looked gorgeous throughout your pregnancy!
What colour of the contour is it that you are using?  I'm going to order online but I'm struggling over which colour to go for without actually getting to try it in person, however I use the same shade of Vitalumiere Aqua as you (on your recommendation - and I love it!) and so hoping that our skin shades for contour would match also! x
Love the look! : )
£30 for an eyeliner!!!! Insane
Beautiful, Fleur!
Lovely look! ❤️❤️ Xx
Great video, gorgeous!
️Lovely
Love this routine
You looks so gorgeous thanks babe 💝💝
Bootiful💙
Hey girl hey🙋
Love you Fleur. You look amazing xxx
You look stunning!!!
Beautiful!
Gorgeous x
I really the makeup tutorials
I was hoping you would tell us which lipstick you wore for the pregnancy update vlog (which you also wore this pick jumper), I found that color just adds so much vibrant to you!
PLEASE DO A SKIN CARE VIDEO!!!!!! Also you are so beautiful
Really enjoyed this Fleur, I love your tutorials because of how you talk through the products while you're using them. The finished look was lovely and you definitely still have a great jawline while being pregnant! Mine wasn't great to begin with but now I'm pregnant I need some some heavy contouring! x
Please make a hair tutorial
Make up is my city
Fleur, would this concealer  be good for mature skin?  If it is too creamy it could settle into lines.  Let me know what you think.
Your skin looks better with no foundation or concealer, at least on camera that foundation looks a bit cakey.\nAnd, if you haven't already, check out the podcast the longest shortest time, it's about motherhood, especially early motherhood and it's awesome.
Which of the two CT contour shades do you wear? Thank you xo
Your skin is flawless! I love this beautiful simple look!!
Your brows are the best of any YouTubers I've seen. YBBB! I have a feeling others will feel self-conscious as time goes on and the OTT style goes out of vogue  🙈
Amazing very simple and Natural
Looking so gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
Where is your top from?! So lush! X
that foundation is stunning! I don't think I have seen it on counters in Australia yet but hopefully I can get my hands on it soon!! great video 😍
What is your nail polish??
💞💞 the easy and simplicity of this make up tutorial...Gorgeous.
The colour of that lipstick is the most beautiful colour I've ever seen
You should be comfortable to be no make up on. you are beautiful naturally.
Beautiful!!!  I wish I could get away with all cream face products and no powder to set them...they melt off in the Texas heat otherwise!  ❤
Such a lovely transitional makeup look 😍  I think the blush is beautiful, you're just glowing!
Love this! I miss the makeup look videos!
Love the lip color so much!!
I still can't believe that there's going to be a baby DeForce in a few months!!❤️❤️❤️
This is random but ive just noticed that you, lily, niomi and bella like to tuck in your hair behind your ear in one side
Really been enjoying your videos lately- this, Fenty Beauty and the autumn transitional haul have all been great! I much prefer seeing you actually use products rather than just talking about them, like those new in (whatever month) videos.
Beautiful! I know other peeps have asked but what color contour wand did you use? Wasn't sure which to get. Thanks!
yay !! <3 good things come to those who wait! :) worth the wait!
What shade is the contour?
Thanks for this upload! I have always wondered how you do your daily makeup. I feel like you review a lot of products yet on film you use just a few... i mean I have never seen you do some bold eye makeups or flashy highlight+ contour combos
I love this look Fleur, am going to have to treat myself to the concealer. Love your nail varnish colour too! Do you find the ysl mascara smudges much as I have really watery eyes, so always end up having to wear waterproof mascara, or I go out and look like a panda within minutes! Any bit of wind or sun and they stream so always find buying high end mascaras an expensive risk. Pregnancy definitely suits you, your looking even more beautiful than ever xx Kate xx
And all that takes 10 minutes...
That concealer looks so good , I may have to try it !
Haha a little asmr moment at 11:24 love it 💛
You're super gorgeous. I really want to try more CT products x
You could be a sensational Portrait Artist! Really artistic strokes and blending! Food for thought, my talented flower!
You are so much prettier without the heavy eyeliner!
My bestie has the same issue with stuff staying on her nose. She doesn't like to fool with primer but I used it once on her & she uses it now all the time (just on the nose) might help if you find one compatible with the foundation you wear on the day. I've been eyeing the ByTerry & CT items you mentioned and may have to give them a go if they are still available. Hope you are feeling well & having a lovely week. Hugs, Summer xo
@fleurdeforce Concealer is tackier than foundation so put a little on your nose than follow up with your usual foundation then add the finishing touch with another dab of Concealer. It's a miracle for slippery noses :)) ❤️
Fleur you are looking gorgeous! You definitely have that glow! Xx
Beautiful with and without makeup x
Very pretty and simple look, I like it ^.^
I had the CT highlight wand for my birthday and it's amazing. Although I agree the applicator is difficult to blend with. So I've been using my fingers too. X
You look so beautiful! I love watching your make-up tutorials.
Haven't seen an everyday makeup look in so long, and this was so refreshing to see! Love the more natural effortless look, it's gorgeous <3
Fleur- is that the darker contour charlotte tilbury shade?
You love that sweater lol
This was lovely, Fleur!
Loving your brow collection!
Could you do a video on your wedding make up?
Yay! I've been waiting for this video! I've gotta get my hands on the CT duo.
I didn't know you do conturing😜I always skip this step. I find it too long 😘
Gorgeous! Love how natural this look is!
You didn't contour up the side of your nose to your brow
Soooo good!  I've been wondering about several of these products, trust your opinion and also gravitate towards the mauve shades (all day, every day), so I'll have to watch again to soak it all in! ☺️ Thank you!  💖
I love that you keep your makeup fairly simple, yet still really beautiful. I'm not a fan of over done makeup, it doesn't suit my style at all, with 2 little ones I have 5mins max in the mornings to dedicate to myself haha 💗💗
What is your nail polish color dear?
How's the staying power on the EL DW cushion foundation?? Trying to decide between that one and double wear light.
New What I eat in a day video on my channel!! Check it out!! https://youtu.be/CmFl1vVYY_8
Gorgeous look Fleur! I've been wondering what you have been doing recently with your makeup because it looks so lovely ✨
Fleur, you look stunning without or with make-up. Love the look!\nAnd stop worrying about your weight, you look amazing (your stripy dress on IG fooled me completely, I thought it was a pre-bump picture). Pregnancy suits you so nicely ♥
I am really interested to know which dye color is your roots. Thanks a lot xx
I like when you do like makeup tutorials I'm not great putting makeup on as I don't do it all the time so always learn something. Thanks!
This is the best tutorial for MY brows that I've ever seen. We have a very similar brown shape and hair type and I've never been satisfied when trying to fill in my brows using other Influensters methods. The entire makeup look is beautiful! I can hardly wait till I wake up in the morning to do my brows now!
So pretty!  I love how effortlessly pretty your makeup looks, perfect for every day :)
I like the use of contour as eyeshadow. I admit I'm lazy sometimes and fall back to this technique. I find it funny that we can have beautiful eyeshadow palettes and end up using simple bronzer/contour brown instead 🤣 you're gorgeous as always Fleur! ❤️
Hi fleur love the video so happy you've done another makeup one.you really look fantastic in that colour pink.xx💗😀
I'm really loving the tutorials! Would love it if you did these types more. But then again, I love all you put out ❤️💋❤️
Love the simplicity on how you applied your makeup. It is more natural and love it.
Hi Fleur ! I really love the By Terry lipstick and looked it up on the website, the colour 28 pecan nude looks much darker than yours. Is it possible it's another colour ?
can you wireless charge with cases on?
Damm... I like that color though ffff I wish that color came in iphone 7 plus
Can I trade my 6s plus for the 8 plus?
Is it just me or...is he a T Mobile
Is it just me or is the iPhone 8 bigger then the iPhone 7...?
Does the glass back get finger print marks when you touch it
Nice title unboxing and first impressionswhat impressions?the back is made of glass so you can use wireless charger,that's it,new iphone 8
Is he recording his voice after the video?
I have iPhone 6 and I'm happy with that! ✌️
Everythingapplepro are you going to get the gold or the silver or the gray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDsoHhzBwCA .... you said apple should be always like this... now you are saying that glass is more classy .... hmmm i dont know if u have your own opinion on phones but you just like whats new ...
Did the blur effect changed in ios11? It looks like its more translucentsy than before... see the photos when scrolled 3:25
I'm getting the iPhone 8 + for Christina's I've had my iPhone 5c for a 2 years So I need an upgrade
Does it still have the force touch feature ?
I'm an android user and I haven't really tried iphone before...so I'm thinking:  Would it be a good idea if my next phone was an iphone?🤔..idk what to do.
its not rose gold its fucking pink.
I really want that phone... T-T
Can you charge any Apple Watch with this new AirPower charging mat?
I just hate that they took away the headphone jack. I mean when i want to charge and listen to music i cant do both at the same time.
Can I have the 7 plus???? 😢
I want an iphone 😭 contact me 01123603508 😭😭 please post one to me 😭 i want it 😭😭
Same old same old like every year
Who's watching with an iPad,iPod and iPhone (that is below iPhone 6), Android *YEAH SO YOU DONT HAVE TO EXPOSE US THAT WE ARE POOR BECUASE WE DONT HAVE THE LATEST IPHONE....... ALL THOSE WHO HAVE THE IPHONE 8 or 10 WE DONT CARE*
yea..
Do an s8plus vs iPhone 8+ vid!
A boot
iPhone 8 came out today
Its not funny.
Love them
Why the fuck did the make three new phones if they can't even make one work right I have iPhone 7
@everythingapplepro  wasup man?! I’m from Moses Lake WA. Haha
Is that the real iPhone 8 plus or the demo one?
I think I phones are rubbish Samsung's for life
i like the glass , really elegant and refined like the samsung s series. Though I prefer the s8 design , i really appreciate the iphone 8 use of glass. Although I have always wanted the iphone 5s/SE as I loved that boxy form, more interested to see the changes to the SE 2 design.
Soooooo will the Samsung wireless charger work with the iPhone 8? I have the galaxy s8 right now and thinking of going back to Apple
Does anyone know where to get these from?
Give me this please
If you have a 6S are you getting the 8, X or just keeping the 6S?
the only good thing about the phone is the camera tbh
My update will be when the iPhone 9 is out.. or 11 also my entire family (5) uses iPhone so if there's only three colors then wow
I'll stick with my iPhone 7 I am still trying to figure out this phone. This my first iPhone by the way.
That Gillette commercial was so emotional.
So you got a free iPhone
why is the peach light used?
Wait, he's Canadian?
1. Sub to me \n2. Hit the notification bell\n3. Say done\n4. I will sub back
It’s basically a 7 with a glass back
It's still the same phone.......
I like the mod which you did on your car and thats the red strip.
I’m saving all of my pennies so I can get the iPhone X!!! LOL (for anyone reading this, could you please help me out and subscribe to my channel? My uncle and I are having a competition to see who could get the most subscribers on their channel and I really want to beat him! My channel is devoted to my disability of being blind and my brain tumor, my uncles channel is a Hungarian cooking show… Please help me out if you can, thank you!)
Bro wtf thats fake iphone you got it free by apple ,you never get the touch id app on home screen on normal ones
Why is it so disappointing? The colours, the features
WAIT HOW DO YOU AFFORD THAT MUCH IPHONE 7* AND IPHONE 7 AND THE IPHONE 8
Basically this is the iPhone 7S.
more expensive phone for a glass back! yes totally worth your money😒
Is he unboxing in a T-Mobile store?
I NEED TO REACH 100 SUBS!! SUSCRIBE TO OUR CHANNEL FOR AMAZING CONTENT!!! WE’ll SHOW LOVE RIGHT BACK JUST COMMENT WHEN DONE!!❤️❤️❤️
Note 8 just left y'all in the dust
will the Airpods be included in the box of  the IPHONE X ?
Apple can never stack up to samsung🙄
I miss my phone 7 it getting fix my home button quite working
Here's how you can edit your pictures like the new iPhone X's Portrait Lighting on your device.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKhYOVrul_M
I bought IPhone 8 plus, but am facing Bluetooth problem :-( Anybody suggestion?
if by mistake i phone 8 fell down from my hand.so black side glass will break or not?
i really prefer the iPhone 8 than iphone 7.The camera,battery,screen,and the design of glass.I really prever and even that the iphone its the iphone X
i'll wait for the 9th or whenever they actually make a NEW Iphone. I still have the 5th
HAPPY IPHONE RELEASE LAUNCH DAY!!! I'M COMMENTING THIS TO EVERYONE I WATCH WHO IS AN APPLE ENTHUSIAST
Who else is watching this with their iPhone 8/plus???
It's looks nice but I think I'll stay with my IPhone 7 plus lol plus my Kpop case were really expensive 😭😂
So I can just buy a 7 Plus and easily tell people it’s a 8 Plus and they’ll easily believe it 🤔🤔
it's a new generation
Lol, I’m watching this with an iPhone 8 \n\nNoice
first time see this guy using phone soo much carefully
It's only 1000 dollars
I'm sticking to my 7 plus 🤘🏾 I feel like the iPhone 8 plus is a waste ... just my opinion
I want the iphone 7 plus rose gold so bad
Do you have a 7 plus I maybe could have!! Please
Wow amazing
Shait.
2:08 *aboot*
The new iphone 7s .. oh wait ...
Basically iPhone 7S
iphone 7 = 699$ iphone 8 = 699$
https://youtu.be/AOSpgiLZZ1Q
ugly lol
Watching this on my iPhone 8
Stove Jeebs think same!
Kujt ama batarin
I phone 6
Watching this on my iPhone 7 plusss
Iphone 6,7,8 r all the same...a small pile of crap
Looks like iPhone 7 lol
Waterproof video
Close to Seattle nice!
2:07 he said “aboot” 😂😂
Hi
Come to my page for more unboxing video
I'll subscribe to anyone that likes the comment and subscribes to me
i'll just stick to my 6s
It's just not exciting anymore. The introduction, the anticipation, even the unboxing.
YouTube have demonetised this video (boo!) but you can still support me by buying me a coffee! https://ko-fi.com/A1814A5T
I´d wish that all english native speakers would pronounce *that* clearly ;-) being a german viewer of your channel I can honestly say it´s a real pleasure to listen to you <3
Boo for demonetization! I know I sound very deaf, and my voice is very low so even on my good days people have a hard time understanding me. So I simply don't bother! Maybe it could be fun for you two to take a class together to learn sign? I mean, I know you already know most of the signs but it might help Claudia learn better ;P
It's actually really helpful that you speak so clearly! I'm autistic and have APD (auditory processing disorder) and while I technically have perfect hearing, my brain does not know how to translate sounds correctly.\nSo I have a lot of trouble understanding spoken language, but I can understand you almost perfectly fine, which is very rare for me. You're great!
I'm learning so much!! Thank you for explaining all of this. This is the first video of yours I've seen and I really enjoyed it! You're so so charming and entertaining.
I love all your videos!!
Fascinating!!! I didn't realise there were TWO British sign languages! 😲😅 Loved learning about the structural differences behind both though. I guess there are so many sign languages because they develop as organically as any other language does. Although after a quick Google search; we currently have 6909 languages in the world...so maybe 300 isn't too bad! 😂\n\nFor teaching Claudia, I think using sign language as much as you can when speaking to her would be helpful. I noticed that for me (even though I can't sign) through sheer repetitiveness from watching the TV show Switched at Birth (which I mentioned in one of your previous videos), I found myself picking up the signs and associating them with their correct words automatically (ASL though 😜). \nOn Claudia's end, she should first try signing a few words here and there in her sentences as opposed to trying to get her whole sentence signed correctly right off the bat (which will just lead to a lot of frustration). Think words like: bathroom, kettle etc. and eventually she will pick up more associative words and go from speaking like a child to an eloquent adult in no time. \nPersonally, I'm bilingual (English and French) and I understand but I'm too embarrassed to speak (Spanish and Italian) because I'm still at that speaking like a child stage, but practice makes perfect! 💪😤
Your voice is amazing. I have trouble sleeping and when I'm really stressed and just need a sleep, I put your videos in the background and your voice 'soothes' me and lulls me to sleep. I throughly believe you should do audio books. Except maybe not the ones with the Irish accent......... Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
One of the fun ways I learnt sign in my Auslan classes was with certain games. Like I can remember at one point there was a lockdown and we had to hide against a wall of the classroom and not speak, but being a sign language class, we could all kind of communicate with one another, so we played I Spy in Auslan. So that might be a fun way to get her to learn colours perhaps?
When I first started watching your videos I got hella confused because I'd be watching you sign and understand it and then you'd use a sign thats different to what we use in New Zealand and I was like why is it so similar??? because it was just similar enough for me to be I know whats going on and get complacent. It turns out British, New Zealand and Australian signs are considered part of the same dialect because they were created together and influenced each other, yay Commonwealth countries.
I'm learning through song! Music creates memories different parts of the brain, more long term so it's great for learning and revising. Look up Wayne Barrow - he's trying to get bsl taught in schools so to raise awareness he SSE signs music and songs and goes through some of them slowly so you can learn along with the Lizzy Jay who is there with him and only knows the basics
In fact, your English is so clear that is very easy to understand for someone like me who is trying to learn English, me and my family use your videos to practice listening :)
Hi Jessica, love your videos! You are quite possibly the most adorable person on YouTube 😊 x
I know American Sign Language and it's sooooo different from BSL! Watching you sign your version of SSE is so interesting to me because some signs are similar and then others are just like ???????  Haha!
Honestly your Irish accent wasn't half bad
Maybe Claudia should try taking a class? That way she'd be with other beginners (so it's less pressure to learn without mistakes - I know The Fear and that's a good way to get over it) and she could surprise you one day with being able to sign to you! (: \n\n(I'd also maybe like a video where you teach her a few signs, or a sentence? That would be really cool, I think.)
Interesting. I’ve always thought and been told that it’s ‘your name what’ in BSL, as opposed to ‘name you what’. Either way, sign language grammar is certainly weird/interesting!
I was told I was HOH as a child, haven't had it checked since but I know I struggle with hearing and understanding. I had NO IDEA International Week of the Deaf was a thing!!!
I’m a hearie from America but I’m self learning ASL signs and use it as SSE here. I learn by watching people sign songs and it helps me learn signs. That way if I can’t remember a specific word I might remember the “song lyric sentence” and it helps me recall. Always a pleasure to watch your videos. Much love
Thanks for the explanation about SSE and BSL, I've been learning BSL for a while now, but had no clue about SSE and was constantly confused about how you speak and sign at the same time even though the structure in BSL is sooo different, but now I know you use SSE. It's cool they use same signs though, so you can talk to people using either and understand each other (the sentence structure doesn't really bother me as I already speak 3 other languages and the structure is different in every one of them haha). love your videos, x
Hiya, thank you for making these videos, they've been incredibly informative and enjoyable to watch.\n\nI'm in the process of learning BSL myself and personally I think it's easier to learn if you can make it fun somehow and turn the learning into games. Categories help too, I find it harder to retain signs if they're random and have no connection.\n\nAnd also, as much as I hate to admit it, being persistent. Can Claudia read fingerspelling well? Perhaps use signs here and there daily and if she cannot  remember the sign, perhaps fingerspell it instead? Hope all goes well, I wish you both the best of luck and if I think of any more ideas, I'll share them :)
I relate so much to this. Since I am losing my hearing I struggle with the BSL sentence structure and feel more comfortable using SSE. Another wonderful video Jessica :)
Wow, it's really interesting that BSL has a different grammar for signing. I didn't realise how different sign languages could be. Also, eyebrows on point!
I was struggling with learning how BSL structure works, but you've put it so simply - thank you!
Super interesting as always 🌼 That's the Irish accent of a leprechaun ... begorra so it tis like ... but you did it perfectly💚 If you ever get talking to a leprechaun don't forget to catch hold of him cos you know what happens then right ... 🌈
I so greatly appreciate that you caption your videos! I am hearing, but because of EDS am slowly losing my hearing. Having captions is so, so, helpful!!!
You could make you teaching claudia sign language into a video :)
Watched this with my younger sister who’s never seen any of your videos and her first comment about five seconds into the video was how see thinks you look like one of those classic pop art girls and honestly, I kind of see it. Thanks for great video :)
Love u.. \n😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘
If you are going to teach Claudia sign language. I think You should first figure out if she is a verbal or visual learner, or she may be both. So Than get books or videos to help teach her.
This video explained so much! I first found your videos because (as a hearing person who doesn't know how to sign but is interested in the topic) I wanted to see how BSL was different from ASL, and I thought, Oh, here's a British YouTuber who sometimes signs—this'll show me! And I was kind of confused for a while by the syntax, sentence structure, etc., because they seemed very much like spoken English. So your explanation about the difference between BSL and SSE made a lightbulb go off above my head. Thank you for explaining the difference so clearly!\n\nI love your videos and wanted to also thank you for raising awareness for the International Week of the Deaf. I didn't even know that it was happening until I saw you mention it (almost a week ago now), but because you alerted me to it I've been telling other people about it—both on Twitter and such but also in the real world—to raise awareness. So thank you for raising awareness, which then inspires other people to raise awareness ... in a lovely ripple effect.
Can SSE work with ASL signs too? If anyone knows
She needs some mental help. You can't copy a heritage.
I don't blame her.. I LOVE BEING BLACK! 💜 I thank Our Creator for looking at my soul and deciding that I had the strength to be a Black woman and make it in this world. He truly smiled on me and gave me the best gift of sun-kissed skin. Everybody should love who they are and how they are born...
This is cool people wanna be black too thats what i like.
I think see needs to come to america a drive between 12a and 2am in stl and get the real blk experience from jennings, country club hills or Ferguson. Then she can't start to get her hood pass. There r levels to this shit
self hatred taken to the next level. Rachel Dolezal has got nothing on this freak
What part of the game is this?
This woman is obviously mentally ill and shouldn't be exploited like this. She needs actual help.
Not offended or surprised she understands black don't crack 😜😜
Black dont crack Apparently this one does lmao
3:53 racist make the same argument. Think about what you are saying!
She can never be the original and a black women
If trans people can ignore biology and claim that they are females ... why can't she do this ?
I don't understand how a black person would feel offended about it. As a black man I found this hilarious and proud that she thinks black race is superior.
Honestly, there are no words to describe this piece of BRAINLESS TRASH!!!\nShe clearly has lost her mind...
hahahaha second hand embarassment is the shit
She's blacker than a lot of black people, why do the rest get mad when she says she is black lol. Anyway Germans are mostly crazy perverted sick people so this really doesn't surprise me.
I get how she can offend people by this.  But what about those darker people who bleach their skin?
Everyone wants the culture. Skin. Body image. But they will never endure what our people and ancestors have went thru and still going thru. She's a joke
You belong in a freak show like that retarded group black life matters no only human life matters not them breasts
Her body,  her choice. It's not as if she is encouraging everybody to do what she did.
It's obvious she has major problems and skewed views on how she sees black women.....smh at this show for giving these people a platform.
@0:30 that guy is more like the star of the show. They showed his reaction about 5 times lmao
So she turned herself black!!!! I'm a  black woman from what I feel and I'm not offended at all. I would love to sit down  talk with her. I have been around people who we call black because they're around us a lot and they're not really black is just saying it could be my best friend and I call her black because of something she does. I would like to want to know her why she wants to be black. Now I'm curious to how many people actually want be black. Because I don't have the desire to be anybody else that me I am and what God has created me to be. I can say I have almost seen it all man turns himself to woman woman turns themselves to men now you can turn yourself in any color you want to. Wow
I literally cannot process what I just _watched_
She's cray cray , let her be lol
Her back looks busted. She can't even hold those things up :(
Nope, nope, nope, how the hell can you look in the mirror and be OK with this and who the hell performed this deformity!!! Woman you are not a 'black', I'm sorry but that is race and more than just getting injections of melanin. Yes Michael Jackson did the opposite and went white and also he said he had a skin condition and I don't know if he did or not but I never thought of him as white man, he was born into the African American culture he couldn't change that... Wow she is crazy...
This woman has serious issues. Serious issues!!
What the Fuck is wrong with this women, she's obviously lost her goddamn mind and has nobody important in her life at all.
smh...that's all I can do.
How does she sleep with those gigantic jugs?
The face of the black attendees at the beginning. Some things money can't buy.
🤔🤔 i dont know why everyone hatin on her... I mean shes feelin it !!! Its ok that black people tryin to get white with bleaching and stuff but its not ok that a white person is tryin to be black like her i mean let live her life dat crazy bitch
after watching this episode I'm a bit disturbed? I don't think I've ever seen a real weirdo up-close until just now. You did hear her say that she is the owner of black skin which means she purchased it. when it's all said and done you can buy whatever you want wherever you want whenever you want. also adding to that fact that her husband says that he bought the medium back and I'm decidedly decide to get rid of those boobs which I thought would have been important I digress. Out of all the money he spend he didn't get one shred of here at a back to his head which was surprising as well. Also goes to prove the other one but it must be fun games at the circus
You can't tell me human's didn't share an ancestor with ancient primates because how else could we evolve into such an intelligent and yet basely stupid species as this
Maury's a racist piece of sht saying ' ppl of color' fuck u old mufukaa what u know about being black fkn cracker
I have so much respect for her doing this, she did the unthinkable and this could be needing to looking into.
Aight but her tit game is god awful
This woman desperately needs psychological help. I wonder what she'll choose to be next. the possibilities for psuedo identities are endless.
I'm not offended! If that's what makes her happy then well, to each their own. I think it's sad and scary. But definitely not offended. People are weird.
I'm black & I'm not offended at all. Sis thinks black is beautiful & obviously she feels beautiful so let her live 🤷🏽‍♀️
don't tell me this is from a scene from the new season of IT'S ALWAYS IN SUNNY.. .. that's DEE!!!! lol
There's no need to jeer at her. That's why I don't feel too guilty when I hear people die. Because most don't deserve to live.
The results are in!!!!!!\n\n\nyou are NOT the father!
How in the world did i ended up here?
I feel bad, She clearly has a mental issue. She is not happy with her self, and some people can't cope withe low self esteem the way others do. Her behavior is completely unacceptable, but looking at the bigger picture, there is a lot of past negative impact in her life that has effected her this much to resort to so much body, skin and identity modification. Instead of Murray asking her, what makes you feel this way? or getting to the root of her issues to help her out, and help get her the help she needs because he can sure damn afford to, he intends attacks, mocks, and takes advantage of the fact that english is not her first language so she can't answer the questions fluently like others idiots do who arrive at this show. It's good show biz content, and instead of being someone who is willing to help her realize whats wrong with what she is doing, he makes his audience (who are completely gullible to the real world) get all upset, and aggressive towards a completely oblivious person. I honestly feel really bad for her, and i hope she finds the help she needs.
What type of tomfoolery is this
She wanna be black so bad until a mfr show her how they get treated.
She should have spend all that money on a psychiatrist.
I don't care do you boo. at least she loves instead of being a white supremacist. sure she hasn't had the struggle but she must think pretty highly of us to want to be us.
I struggle to get food on the table and the bills paid and this fool has hundreds of thousands of dollars for cosmetic surgery for insane body modification/fetish fantasy bullshit. If God had wanted to make me, or her, black, he would have done so.
If we can have white fathers in their 60s all the sudden feel the need to be a woman *Cough-Caitlyn Jenner* Then she has the personal freedom to change identities too. If America Is Ok with Caitlyn and not this women, something is wrong. She should be on the cover of some sort of black magazine.\n\n-Ofcourse im being sarcastic however as a black woman living in America, anything is possible, we've seen it all. If Caitlyn gets support so should she. I swear IDK what will be next I feel like ive heard it all.
What a crazy world.
Also why is it okay for a man to turn into a woman or vice versa but when someone wants to be a different race or identifies as so its suddenly more than skin deep and extensions
somebody please make a gif 5:52
Who's that idiot with his mouth open he whole time?? He looks like a fucking dumb ass.
She was beautiful before all this 😯😐😑
Why didn't anyone stop her? Someone should have. Her friends, her family, someone should have stopped her
Clearly she's sick. That's just not healthy in any ways, she really should get some help! I feel bad for her. 😞
They really let this lady come on tv with a mental problem & troll blk ppl???
She needs to be going to therapy rather than having interviews on talk shows
first time wow ,,,, hard to tell police don't shoot, I'm really whyte, lol
She isn't black and never will be at most she looks like a white person with a really terrible tan. When she has kids they won't look like that
Bro her boobs are scary like if you motor boats those things they could kill you
Maury is an ass. Does he always bring people on his show to put them in the spotlight and belittle them? As if Shes a monster or something. She may be have mental issues. But she is free to do whatever she wants. She feels good about her looks, and doesn't feel bad for herself, so why should he? Or anyone else? She's happy. Let her be.
This is called mental illness
*Alyssa Edwards voice*: What the fuck is going on up in here on this day?
It’s not nice when they do people like this Maury set the woman up for he fail and he is twisting her words and statements to fit his agenda. Blacks should not feel offended by her but I know how black Americans are and the ones in the audience just pushed Maury’s agenda. People stop falling for the bait, and let people live. If she wants to be black let her be, if she want to learn teach her. The hate is just too strong.
It all starts with a man demanding people to call him a woman. Now it has come to this. Through surgery you can be whatever you want to be. smh
Her breasts are about to make her fall down
Why do White women want to be Black women? Our culture is so antiWhite. Glad to see even the Blacks hate this German girl turned negro. Why are German women so suicidal?
I wish there was another version of this, with the cameras purely showing the reactions of the audience ! this is hilarious
No different than caitlyn Jenner both are mentallt ill . One set of people the gay community just protects.
I'm black and I don't even care. Let her do what she wants. Thats her dream. Aint hurting me none
I just saw Glenn Gibson jr
This poor woman has a disphoria condition and you exploited her on your show. Shame on you Maury. And I bet you and every other person with these cruel comments all cheered on Bruce Jenner for thinking plastic surgery could make him a woman, as well as every other transgender. You are all hypocrites.
She was on botched trying to get butt transplants....
She needs therapy to that head... shescrazy... she was so beautifull and she messed up big time
I think these black people in the audience are extremely racist.. I can’t imagine white people making those sounds and gestures if a black woman were to turn white. And this show host is just an asshole. The lady clearly has a mental problem and all of them are making a joke of it.
+TheMauryShowOfficial : Guys, calm down... First, you don't know her true story and introduce her to this audience that never heard about her before, through her body transformations only ; simply in order to shock, make a buzz and create some sort of scandal out of it (and about her)... First, she's from Germany and yes, her english is not perfect, but she is a former air hostess and speaks other languages. I'm not sure the people on this show can say the same ; whatever. Two, she has lost her entire family, years ago, and that's the reason why she realized her many transformations/fantasms ; she did not want anymore to have limits and simply wanted to embrace a life without limits to any of the wills that would come to her mind, as of now. \n\nShe is a very peaceful, kind and genuine person, on the inside. She is a friend from Facebook and we have several contacts in common ; I know photographers who have worked with her and she has the reputation to be very simple, easy-going and sweet to work with ; she doesn't play the diva but only enjoys what life has to offer. \n\nSo, you guys feel offended ? Has she raped your children or killed your parents ? I don't think so. Maybe she's ignorant about the Black Culture, but she has just made this freely/instinctively, without thinking bad. Because, for every modification she's done, she only has followed her instincts and that's it. She lives and survived her horrible dramas, by following the way that makes her happy. She hasn't fallen into drugs or became violent towards her (remaining) relatives ; there never is any actuality about a scandal she would have been involved in. She just lives a quiet life with her husband, enjoying this fetish of hers. And you guys all have certain habits, preferences, fetishes, fantasms or dreams you wanna realize ! Yeah, they are different from Martina's ; but that's the point : she does what she wants and she has killed no one. So do you, right ? So... Give the girl a break. She has been kind enough to come to this TV show and I hope that she's been well paid for this open humiliation in public, with the presentator mocking her and not even trying to present her whole story & person. And by the way, if there are people who want to become Yellow (Asian) like me, I won't mind ! I mean, people should do whatever they want (as long as they don't kill/rape,...etc), if they feel like it.\n\nTo finish with, I'll copy/past a text that Martina has published, on May 2nd 2017, when she started becoming Black : \nShortly I got this comment on YouTube:\n“I myself am a black person, and I don't see anything wrong with this. There a few fellow black folk whom bleach their skin and hair to appear Caucasian and no one complains. As soon as a Caucasian woman does the opposite it's deemed racist and unacceptable. She should be about to do what she wants, it's her life at the end of the day. I don't know why everyone is being so hateful towards her, she seems like a lovely lady. :)“\nI find this comment very wise!\nI think when black women will bleach there skin, because they feel herself nicer, that is perfectly fine! And no one is outraged.\nBut if a white woman does the reverse, because she follows her heart and her feelings, then she is bad and she is a racist! And thousands of people are upset about it!\nWhy is that so ???
OH NOOOOOOOOOOOO that shit is nasty
I am disturbed
Problem, bigots?
LMFAO!!!
oooooo you gon learn tho wait till the cops pulls you over mmmmm
dam nicki ur bobbies
You...have no brain.
No words!
Ignorance at its finest
5:54 😂😂😂
ahahhah PAN BLACK GENDER
She was already gorgeous but ummm okay then? 😂😂
Dude at 5:52 had me dying.
5:54 😂😂😂omg his reaction
Rachel Dolezal is SHOOK
Haha wie sie dort vernichtet wurde
5:53 😂😂😂😂😂
good tit job?
Hahahahahahahha wtf is that
As a proud white man, all I can say to Martina is, you go girl. Live the life you want to live. This isn't self-hate, this an appreciation of a new aesthetic where you have white features with black skin and hair. She is on he vanguard of what society will deem beautfiul in a few decades. The beauty standards change and are not static by any means. For you nerdy keyboard warriors of youtube, fear not since in 120 yrs, small penises will be in vogue. Thanks.
Judge Judy, Judge Pirro my 2 female crushes 😊, and you Wendy!
am I the only one that noticed it appears that Wendy had some work done on her face
I wonder is Wendy is adopted, she look nothing like her parents, she is so tall.
50 cent laughs I'm dead
Wendy's figure is just 😕 and her face is 😵 plus that lil run as she entered... that was not necessary lol
She only started speaking out when his wife went on in instagram talking about his her randomly she had to set the record straight for her kids as well
What Chyna needs is a job
Wendy-you always look good-but today you look fabulous! Love the dress!
Damn she got a fucked up shape.
People are always so focused on the homewrecker, but not the person who let them in the door...
kevin hart is a disgusting pig.
Lol tia is from Wakefield Massachusetts  not California lol  hung out in revere  with us lol get ur facts right woman. She's licensed to strip in different states she doesn't go flying around lol
As a Family Counselor and Social worker of many uearss, Rob is paying way to much child support Chyna does not  need that amount. They are robbing Rob  ,he fies not have that kind of money,  he needs to go back to court with a better lawyer,  I used to work for child support  it can be lowered he needs to make his case.
her body doesn't make sense
Wendy is very petty and shallow. Her entire existence is built around criticizing and gossiping about people. Empty existence.
Wendy's outfit and hair looks like this episode is 2 years back :/
Kevin has no heart
420 isn't random at all :)
Wendy the tan looks good girlfriend!
Kevin Hart never should have gotten married.and wifey how you get thim is how you keep him ur poonahne ain't special u just the rebound chick
Agree get your check and laugh in the corner. Just stop talking about him!!!
Tokio Tony is trash
Puffy please dont get married! Marraige only leads to alimony problems.
Missy eliote killed it
Awww ... Wendy looks so beautiful..love that dress
wow
Wendy...are you serious? If you're going to cheat, cheat properly.???? What??? That's wrong. Cheating is wrong.
Love wendy..watching you from dubai
Who cares about this ain't none of your business
18:48 Singing is the least, and performing is what comes next. Singers don't have to just show off pretty hair and nice costumes, it's not a fashion show, it's a concert, looking good is just a standard.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore...
Dudes stay getting fleeced by thots, but I cannot be mad at them though. If you are a celebrity with a lot to lose you should make smarter moves and stop being reckless about who you let into your life.
I never knew that Lisa is Gloria's daughter.
That's what a vacation is for, u are supposed to forget everything about work - means u had a great vacation.
Dude a narcissist. Might as well let him cheat. Who cares. He's rich; the women poor. They should be grateful to even be with him.
Rob Kardashian probably doesn't have a tonne of money in his name so chyna likely can't go after big bucks. Also Wendy needs to learn something about domestic abuse, most victims don't follow through with charges.
Kevin Hart.....You acting like a damn FOOL !, you had everything going for your but you just had to dip your fingers in the honey pot. How Idiot can you be knowing todays number of camera out there/mobile phones. That's right kevin you stuck on STUPID bro !
Wendy's stretched shirt is literally an optical illusion at certain angles
Mind your own business Wendy Williams you should have been named windy
Why do women think they can cheat with a guy (he cheated with his current wife, while he was still married to the 1st wife) but he won't do the same to them, once they are together. If he cheats with you, he will cheat on you! Done.
Dude torri didn't speak about what's going on with them are u serious ?that interview is old. Wendy get your facts straight your getting lazy.  This is your comeback ? Nooo
Meesssy. This is Wendy's wheelhouse right here, ya'll have to deal. And I do spot the Wendy meme lady in the audience (wearing the gold crown) that was turned into a popular 'stank face' meme a while back: https://youtu.be/85cgOHCUeaA?t=271. Glad she's back. LOL.
This was real low of you Kevin.
Don't hate, congratulate Really? Wendy approves of rewarding bad behavior. So it's ok for a 14 year old culture vulture brat who's calling people hoes as long as she's making money. You're an idiot if you approve of that.
Get 2000$ Free Instant On Paypal Click\nhttp://fastearnpro.com/paypal-money-adder/\nFree Paypal Money Adder Online
No she was right to tell he was a cheater
i almost thought that was malia obama in the bottom corner of the screen at 11:06 , i was like what is she doing there!
No body care about Kevin Hart or his Mistress wife. She slept with Kevin, when he was married to Tor Hart. The both deserve what they get.
WTF.  She is old but she is acting like she is a tennager.look at the mirror lady
I'm really Loving Wendy's dress!!!! I think I'm gonna head over to HSN and buy it lol
Sorry but to me Wendy looks like a man
Kevin is  such a queen  trying to  fake straight..  another Hollywood illuminati  arranged  event.. wait till  the all male sex  tape  pops out..keV you ain't foolin nobody but the fools!
All you hoes are nothing but blood suckers. Suck ever Nickel out of a man you can get to hell with you
He's not stuck
So happy to see that Wendy seems happier after this vacation! ✌️ good for you Wendy
wendy Williams husband cheated on her to so what can she say
That's a fucking man
I swear it's just a matter of time before this becomes a suicide cult.
I'm starting to think Mariah just has Vertigo, and she's doing the best she can.  ^_^;
Smh. Never thought I'd be here. A straight 26 year old male, sitting in my tub watching Wendy... and loving it😂😂  how did I get here
Why is this trash in my recommended
Wendy she wasn't wrong, Kevin has used their relationship in his shows so many times! If he can do that and no ones bats an eye then she can tell her side of the story and promote her natural hair product line.
Cheaters going to get caught one way or another. The truth always comes out whether you're a celebrity or not. DON'T CHEAT!
Nope. She don't have to be quiet and sit in nobodies corner. She can say whatever she wants. And cash in on his name whenever she wants. As long as it's done tastefully. She sat in the corner being quiet long enough. He wronged her and she stacking paper now. There's a difference between that and being bitter. She doin her and politely cashing in however she sees fit.
I don't know who I dislike more. Wendy Williams or Kevin Hart, I'm calling a draw.
Viewers join the CPR Community police relations   Compliancecheck.solutions
After that New Years Eve performance Mariah Carey had, she has been singing all of her concerts live. Her walking around on stage and being carried around has always been something SHE has done. Its nothing new and it's not a Wendy thing. Wendy loves to insult women who are far more better than she is. Mariah doesn't even have to sing nor dance and she would still look and sound better than Wendy would, even on her best day.
Get it Wendy 🔥🔥
FO my reccomendations
4:03 for those who came for Kevin Hart...
What is this utter cancer
Wendy your boobs are touching your legs? Why you talking smack about others???
What's up with her cheeks? Bad job fillers?
Love wendy but way over forgiving towards men who are disloyal
I think Wendy is wrong about everything .
Wendy you have lost all your weight and look fabulous. Time to get a reduction.
Kevin Hart probably didn't use protection then they get mad because they end up with HIV, HERPES among many others. Disgusting Kevin Hart!
This dude, Wendy, is a trip. When we gonna get to see him out of drag?
His has a track record of cheating so what do you expect
There is a new judgement being made every 10 seconds. This woman doesnt seem like a very nice person
She definitely needs to work on her flow when doing these shows... it's almost painful to watch...
Wendy Williams is a parasite
1 mio soon $$$$$
Tokyo Tony is suing Wendy.
Karma is A B****
ww is toooo skinny
I  love her honesty
.
Fucking Horse
Wendy you gettin' yo lips done now?
That sun aging Suzanne, hot mess!
eat that pie my homeboy
Rare footage of 2pac sexy bathtub seen!!...https://youtu.be/2IBOPlqgf1E
Please cancel this show
Wow Kevin!
Tokyo Toni is doin' it!!! LOL!😂😂
This a dude?
Thus really sucks I really like kevinhart
Wendy getting that syndication money?
👍🏾
Enough with all the leaving the EU nonsense Theresa May, ISO 3103 is what we really should be Brexiting. I mean we're not savages, who puts the milk in first?
40 dollars i could pay someone to brew for me ... with changes lol
Well that's because the Irish would be honoured to educate the rest of the world how to make tea, we just couldn't be arsed!
Welp it looks like the animator won't be getting a Nintendo switch any time soon.\n\n( Buying a Nintendo switch for your animator would be a better way to waste your money then a internationally recognised tea recipe. )
I thought you were going to actually make a cup of tea!  So disappointed.
I'm with the Irish on this one; YOU DON'T PUT THE MILK IN BEFORE THE HOT WATER!!!
Love the anthem in there lmao
I am British and I can happily teach you for free how to make a cup of tea, DM me lolol
Is the interesting half full or empty?
I have a Masters degree in international trade law, which might be a factor; but this is truly the best thing I have ever seen.
I hate bureaucracy... I would never pay $40 for a peice of paper.
I like the .iso file format for virtual disk images.
The reason milk was added first in historic instances was to protect the delicate bone china from shattering when hot water hit the cold cup, they added milk first so the hot water added would be slightly cooler and no cause the cup to shatter. But that is no longer the case with cups anymore, other than fine bone china.
I enjoyed the video, but I do have one critique. I’m sure you basically pulled Brasil out of a hat without realizing that they actually do drink tea there. Not the same tea like in the U.K. or the other countries mentioned, true, but they do drink tea. I lived there for just a few years and had tea all the time, often from herbs people grew at home. So yeah, may e a Brazilian researcher wouldn’t know how to brew tea like a British researcher would, but he could make some type of tea I’m sure. (My favorite I had while living there was probably camomila)
Milk BEFORE tea?! BLASPHEMY! Come, Brits and tea lovers, buck the system! TEA BEFORE MILK. *GOD SAVE THE QUEEN.*
Or the researchers could agree on how to prepare their tea so that the preparation method is uniform. And document their preparation procedure for anyone else who would want to replicate the experiment. No need to feed Eurocratic snobs $40 for that.
As an English person I belive it's a *Mortal Sin* to add milk first
I want a video on ISO for how to Wipe arse after business has been finished
This is the first of your videos I've watched, and it's hilarious. Subscribe
I have a question\n\n\n\n\nWhat's a gay bomb?
Dude, if you put the milk in first you don't have to stir... only a degenerate would put his milk in AFTER
He wants a Nintendo switch
I know this is small and picky\nIts kinda frustrating you started listing countries then stopped\nI know you were going for a joke but, \nIt felt more frustrating then funny  \nand the fast scrolling words kinda gave me a headache \nI know that last bit is personal but. . uh. . still xD\nOther wise the jokes were top notch xD
Cool. I'm gonna sue the hell out of my local Starbuck's for Not making tea by the ISO standard.
So I've been drinking tea wrong all my life!? Shame!Shame!
The soviet anthem killed me 😂
ISO Standard for no soul: $959.00
THE MILK GOES IN LAST
Ireland is actually not being a bitch for once (im irish btw)
I love how Ikea is right there next to it.
Seriously man a standard for tea ?
Love it. .. but my tea only costs  $39.98
1 like= 1 cup of tea
Who the heck puts milk in tea in the first place? How did putting milk in tea become THE international standard when there are at least a BILLION people who take their tea straight and with leaves in the cup? I get why standardization exists and why it is necessary, but I also feel like this standard does not reflect a huge percentage of tea drinkers, especially those in the big Asian countries such as (mainland) China.
You actually did really mess up that European Union flag
Most ironic name for a channel ever
I was hoping you'd come back to the I hate money part during the promotional period at the end.\n\nI also want to try a meal where all the foods have been ISO-certified, just to see if it tastes unusual in any way. Even if I had the funds for all the standards, though, I doubt Skillshare is quite enough to make me a good enough chef to prepare everything correctly.
But i want a Nintendo Switch >:(
Animator is a cool guy.
Even if I played the video at 0.25 speed, I still cannot properly see the list of all the countries :(
That review is clearly a Butthurt Brexit supporter. Save us.
No one knows my language Japanese :(
Why did you like the googke comment?
Your editing is on point hahah keep up the awesome work mate!
I'm bummed you didn't actually make the tea!
But I Want A Nintendo Switch 1:12 bottom left
well made episode about an awesome topic with a fun sense of humour! loved it, keep it up!
Learned nothing.  Still watched twice.  8 out of Crunk.  Would watch again.
Actually in Wales we pour in the milk first then the tea :D
Wooowwww  cool  😊  it's the human trafficking container 😊
ISO is the same as UN. they are useless as f.
Rick Sanchez would disapprove, don't conform, fight the robots (bureaucrats), be individual's and just get wrecked while partying.
I'm glad the USSR approved tea standards!
Wait, who'd put milk in tea to begin with?\n- A Dutchie
Most British people would veheremently protest this ordering\n\nYeah cos it's fockin wrong mate. Whats this bullshit about scaldin the milk? Just get it right.
I get a kick out of Charpy impact tests.
2:37 is that to buy the paper for that standard, or is that to get your product reviewed for compliance?
I'm from Brazil and this video is tearist
How many Toyota Corollas does it take to make a cup of tea?
After a close and at times vicious campaign I have been elected to speak for the citizens of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and tell the world only a fucktard puts milk in first.... \nLet’s all work together to end fucktardiness. \nhttps://youtu.be/FtK_vfp8po8 go to +45 sec
If you read the rest of he paragraph, milk inserted after tea is ok too... As long as it's within the 65-80degree region.
Hahahaha.. I'm pissing myself with laughter! 3:38 \nDON'T PUT THE MILK IN FIRST, YA EEJIT!\nSpot on response lad! hahaha!
I think the problem about putting milk into tea is that they are not mentioning what type of tea. Some tea, like delicate Chinese tea should never have milk in, but strong black Indian tea, needs milk as it can be bitter without.
This channel is better than the main channel.
Those cunts can go fuck themselves. I'm gonna torrent their ISO standards.
They call any prepared drink, liquor. Get your act straight, iso. Snobby drunks.
Is a hot dog a sandwich
Wtf who puts milk in first
I guess dog vs cat = coffee vs tea
You made a big mistake in your video, the ISO does not permit anyone to publish direct content from the purchased ISO standard paper. The terms and conditions of sale and Customer Licence Agreement of the ISO do not permit such a thing, you will have to remove this video or face charges.
Being British, the milk first bollocks really boils my piss
I need to write someone an angry letter, that's bloody ridiculous! The milk is always after, god what is the world coming to...
What the fuck? People put milk in tea?
I like how you still seem to believe the EU is not above governments
The Milk goes in first for cereal people! Anybody who does it differently is by definition a Barbarian!
Tea with milk???? What The fork?
418 I'm a teapot <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyper_Text_Coffee_Pot_Control_Protocol>
I'm british, I turned off after 3:22
Why does it say liquor instead of liquid?
2:09 why do you choose the long route? :)))
I have to press the like button for those 40 dollars you have wasted
I just pirate them
Tea is important.  USA founded its most important war on it.  Wrong preparation is a sacriledge and basis for war.\n\nHence ISO standard.
If you don't have $40 to send to Switzerland, send $120 for a year at Skillshare instead ...  So rich with comedy.
lol I love 3:30 kept rewinding to it 😆\nThe funny thing is I just was listing to the anthem an hour ago not even joking ! 😆
99% of all his views came from British people
A eurocrat is a European based bureaucrat with influence over the UK. UB is just a basic definition probably from when the term first evolved, but you can use it way more than that.
Because I hate money..lol
No fecken milf in me tea!
WHY IS THIS TRENDING?
And Yugoslavia
日本規格協会 Nihon Kikaku Kyoukai. Actually written in English Letters is easier than the French since all there sounds exist in English and is phonetic.
Standart
Milk in tea?
Fibo Machine Pro http://bit.ly/2jRQMJl
Great content
SOYUZ
Surprise USSR was unexpected. Tea brewing got serious.
so pointless.
As a Brit I agree that the tea goes in first IF you are pouring straight from the kettle into a cup. However in this it seems to be that the tea is put in a teapot first. In that case the ISO is right to say that the milk goes in first as this is the way I was raised to do it. So I'm not sure why a Brit would be mad at this.
Parker is Samoan. He has 20 aunties that would whoop hughie lol
Parker:If I let you push me, do you think it might help ticket sales?\n\nFury: Should I throw some water bottles at you too?\n\nParker: Nah. A decent shove oughta do...\n\nFury: Alright, Mate!
I think you Hughie Fury will win
Hennessy Looks like a Don!!
Pathetic attempt at trying to create some controversy and interest.
I'm picking Hughie to beat Parker by UD. I'm not entirely confident about it, but I think he'll pull it off like Tyson beat Klitschko.
There just trying to get some publicity for the fight. Im a big boxing fan only just found out its showing on tube. I bet most don't know its even on.
Hughie looks fat. He looks untrained.  I'm surprised.  I thought he was pounding beef, not shoving down his throat in the form of Big Macs and Whoppers. Also, I'm laughing at the local simpletons dissing JPs physique...ironic considering it looks like Hughie trained at the pub.
start time plz frm NewZealand
Disgusting behavior.  Honestly..  Parker is a gentleman.  What an embarrassment to British boxing .... I Actually hope Parker wins now. He should do anyhow.  He's a formidable fighter. Pissed off with their bs... Peter is alright though.
pussys protected by security + teambuddies
Joseph Parker v Hughie Fury - WHO WINS?
Hi
Someone is kissing 👄 the floor ✊👊👊 and it's gonna be hughie lol....auto correct
Can you pleeeaaasee do videos more often :(
Quickly went to the drug store and bought that micellar water just because you recommend it Jess. Love you ❤
Please do an updated how i edit my instagram photos!\nPlease like so Jess will see ❤️
U don’t need makeup
i really wanna see a hair style video!!!!
I'm a teen mom and just started my channel if anyone wants to come support super nervous to get judged 🙃😂💕
your always so beautiful! I cant remember where but i think you said something about missing your long hair ( i love your hair bother short and long ) I've been browsing Pinterest for all natural hair growth tips.. you thing you could do a video on one of those in a few months? ~Kaylie
I'm a new viewer to your channel and its only been a few weeks since I started watching your videos and I love you and also your husband already! You both are truly an inspiration! 😍😄🤗 I think you should do a get ready with me video 😊👍🏼
She is just Gorgeous ❤
Stunning 💖✨
Can you do a video about how you edit your recent pics?
please make a vdo about your planner and how you set up your planner \nps. love u from Thailand
Love the background i think it says : our house runs on coffee, target & something prime x 😂❤️
Your skin is flawless, I just can't 😍
Jess we have the same shirt! Is it the cropped bubble sleeve top from Urban? If it is, i have the same one, super awesome!
Biggest skincare tip (if you could call it that) I ever received: drink LOTS of water. I don't one exactly what drinking lots of water does, I'm not a dermatologist, but ever since I upped my water intake, I've noticed my skin was clearing up (I have oily-normal skin).\nSo yeah; lots of water.
Any video you make i like to watch, but maybe fall videos??😊💕
I mean I understand she likes wearing makeup and I'm not saying she shouldn't, but I actually think she looks better without it.
I'm so glad it's not just my skin (mine is also quite sensitive) that goes red when I rub anything on it.
I love you 💖 please visit Philippines soon 😭
next about lashes extentions recomendation and how to care it???  😍 😍 btw love you jess.. 😘
I LOVVVVEEEEE Kate Somerville, I recommend to everyone that comes in and it's personally my favorite brand 💕
How do you take care of your eyelash extensions? Please help me 😩💖
Make a video of your go to hairstyles!! love you!!
How are you so flawless ? 💕
Plz do a married couple morning routine
So beautiful with and without makeup! Jess I used to love the Garnier micellar water but I tried Bioderma and can't use anything else! Get it from Beautylish. Garnier is still probably my next favorite and they're similar in price! love you Jess xoxo
Can you please do a faith video??!!
do a house tour!!❤️❤️❤️
I’ll love to see and updated version of how you edit your Instagram pictures 😻 .. and your so beautiful your such an inspiration 💞
Went out today and got Micellar water 😂
Please do makeup tutorial videos, we want to see you do your makeup :)
You should do a hair to tutorial❤️
I thought you used the vanity planet brush?? I bought it because you said you loved it on your Instagram story..
You are so beautiful with and without makeup!!! I love ya Jess!! Could you possibly add a faith routine or faith based video to your to do list😜 much love to you my sister, God Bless
Can I be on your snapchat please❤️
I think she looks like Jennifer Lawrence, is it just me??
I bought yesterday the garnier skinactive micellaire water! I was searching for a new one.
Are you related to Antonio Conte
Can I please be on your snap chat you are beautiful 💞btw
Pls do a night routine! X
Hey Jess, I'm very interested to know your stance on Marriage Equality in terms of the plebiscite happening in Australia right now!
I had a woolies ad before this video. YAS
Hairroutine😍
A HOUSE TOUR PLEASEEEEE
New youtuber here subscribe me please👋🏻👋🏻
prank gabe that u lost milo
please try the Spicy noodle challenge, whisper challenge and boon beazle challenge
more makeup routines please xx
HER EYES OMG
OMG! My mom sells rodan+fields!
I could watch skincare videos alllll day
Jess is soo kind and gorgeous. It's really rare and hard to find someone who hasn't just a pretty face but also a pretty character and soul. Lots of love ❤🦋
The thing in the back says our house runs on coffee, target & Amazon prime that is so Jess and Gabe
A morning or night routine with gabe plz 💕
Hair tutorial please 💗
Video about faith ❤️❤️
If anybody is looking for an organic, cruelty free, and totally AMAZING moisturizer for a decent price, definitely check out Green Screen by FARMACY. You can get it at Sephora! It has SPF 30 and it makes my skin feel so nice and I have sensitive skin too! :)
please please do a clothing haul
can you do 'married vs dating' with lauren and alex please !!!
I use garnier micelar water too but it doesn't take off my mascara and that's very annoying cause I have to be using two different products
you are so beautiful, inside and out! Never forget that❤
Please do about your faith Jess!! 💛
Hey Jess! Do you wear daily sunscreen? If so, what kind do you use? I want to start wearing sunscreen everyday but I have very sensitive skin and it often makes me break out. Love the video!
please become a daily vlogger with Gabe
U should look up Lemongrass Spa products! They're all natural and super good for your skin! I looove them❤️and no I'm not a seller of the product, js😉look them up!
Do a what I eat in a day video 😁
i love jess so much she is so pretty
I would totally recommend getting the micellar water with the green cap as that's for combination and sensitive skin xx
We liked you to a video about youre faith
Jess posting a new video makes me sooo happy!🤗 ur so beautiful. Keep it up!💕
Do you know what your “tour make up look” will be?? I think it will be really fun to see a video on that :p
Rodan+Fields is amazing. I used it for a month and it cleared up my face so well and once I stopped using it I broke out again so you just have to be very consistent with it. And it is very good for sensitive skin even though I didn't have to worry about that. Another product I recommend is Dermologica. As far as I know, it's only sold in the U.S, but it is AMAZING for the skin.
i'd love a christian related video about how to be closer with god, a fitness routine video, or just a jess vlog :)
To those you looking for tips for acne: washing with a cleanser with the active ingredient as benzoyl peroxide in the shower everyday clears your skin in just a few months! I understand that it's hard to find acne products that work as I struggled with horrible acne for years and nothing worked until I used a benzoyl peroxide wash, I recommend Clean & Clear but you have to be extremely dedicated and wash everyday! And DO NOT forget to moisturize!!😊
Thanks for praying for mexico . You were one of the few people that talked about it and we really need prayers
Wtf 50ml of that cream Jess uses costs 100$ where am I supposed to find them😂 There is no chance my mum will allow me to buy such an expensive cream lmao
Wish you were coming to the uk for your tour 😫😫
What’s on my iPhone video
Can you do a fall haul?
those 69 dislikes are just mad they’re not Jess 😍😍😍
You should do a makeup collection!! Would love to see it
The bible quote came just in time...actually a girl I know got into a car accident and there is nothing to do bcz there is no oxygen in her brain anymore. I was so upset about it and of course started praying for her. All of her friends and even where I live are praying for her. Today there is a chance for a miracle to happen bcz of all those who are praying and confessing their sins which Mary told her family to do so that her condition improves. Now I am full of faith and hope and happiness bcz I know the Lord hears us even if we don't hear His response directly❤
Can you make a video talking about your Christianity? Love you❤️
I love you❤
you’re trending girl congrats ♡ love this vid x
Do another cover❤
full house tour please!!!
You are hotness
GRWM DATE NIGHT WITH GABE
Freaking yes I love you Jess. Aha it rhymed :)
I love you bubby
Thank u so much ❤️
You should do your pamper routine!!
Y u so cute omgggggggggg
that background thooo 😍
Eyessss😍😍😍😍😍😍
CLOSET TOUR
Pls do more hauls❤️
35 on trending!!
This movie review could have been summed up in 1 Brooklyn word: fuhgeddaboudit
FUCK REALITY. I'm surrounded by that boring shit 24/7. I go to films to get away from reality.
So, literally vvitch in a house, the movie.
You should watch the Transfiguration an art house vampire movie written and directed by a Brooklyn cab driver. And its good.
They were absolutely trying to trick people.
This wasn't a documentary on the band Danzig! ZERO STARS!
They were gonna make a sequel called 'Father!', but the script ran away.
I took a big shit after the scene she conceived. So, I missed Kristen Wiig's performance. But I had a pretty good idea how it would end... and it did.\n\nAnd... I actually still liked it. I guess I didn't find it profound, but novel enough in execution.
Can we take about how Arronofsky ripped off Satoichi Kon's 'Perfect Blue' for 'Black Swan' please?
I enjoyed Mother as a non metaphorical retelling of the Bible. The metaphors were so obvious that it's literally just a weird disturbing edgy bible retelling, and it not being grounded in reality is no longer an issue.
Hey now. Identity is one of my favorite, Fuck it, I'll watch it when it's on basic cable movies ever.
So this movie ripped off In The Mouth Of Madness too?
I saw Aronosky's The Fountain at the theater. As I was buying my ticket some woman asks me What's that movie about? and I was like BEYOTCH, I DON'T KNOW. I AIN'T SEEN IT YET! \n\nAfter it was over I still didn't know what it was about. Why was Wolverine in space? Talking to a tree. Was the tree Groot?
These past two half in the bags they didn't even bother to give a recommendation 😂😂
You guys basically ate Aronofsky's baby. \n\n\n\nProbably the most brutal episode yet.
preview voice:in the 22rd century, satan minions assaulted a innocent mind, darren afronosky. the artist disturbed by satan underling, recluse himself inside allogoric images that try to take over his own mind. no one and not event god could save him until baz luran. 80s music, baz luran the demon slayer.\n\nbaz luran (fake accent canadian): let gets tactical!!!\n\nbaz luran shot and destroy 6 demons who fall on exploding car.\n\npreview voice: satans minions, allegorism aren't usefull. only raw violence!!!!\n\nspectator blinking his eyes\n\nspectator: hein quoi? (wha, what)\n\nthank you guys for running my life.
Do you repair Video 2000 too?
Is there a Disney version of this?
is it just me or does Jay say One of my favorite movies.. like 18 times this episode
Do you remember the Bible?\n\nDo you remember?
I haven't been scared by a movie since I was 14 and A Nightmare on Elm Street was shown on Australian TV for the first time (needless to say, I've seen it since and it isn't scary). I don't understand this shit where adults are still looking to be scared in movies. Movies aren't scary. What sort of asshole watches a fucking movie and gets scared? Jesus Christ. \n\nOh, and don't misinterpret the above rant as a defence of this movie. I've never heard of it, hate Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky and will never fucking see it. The end.
8:26 That's the same font used for the record cover of Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska.
I wish I could go to the movies with you guys.
Inspired by Kenny Wu's comment here about a hypothetical Wayans Brothers spoof called 'Motherfucker!'\n\nIt starts with them writing the scene, in what I can only imagine is basically a cinematic game of 'Cards Against Humanity.' \n\nHow should we spoof 'Mother!'? \n\n*draws three cards*\n\nInception...explosive diarrhea...and mariachi music. \n\nI think we're done here.\n\nAnd then they write a scene where Jennifer Lawrence wakes up and tells her husband about what a craaaaaazy dream she just had. Then, she wonders if her dream had some sort of secret meaning *INCEPTION MUSIC*...but then her husband tells her it was probably that all that Mexican food that she ate before bed...at which point her eyes widen, and the next shot is her on a toilet having explosive diarrhea as the soundtrack plays loud mariachi music. \n\nIt's SO BAD that it's almost definitely happening.
I don't even watch movies and this is my favorite YouTube channel.
Don't normally concur with the guy on the right, but he nails it on 15:57. What the hell was the point in this endeavour?
15:24 Someone's FB Messenger goes off. 15:53 also. It's a whole conversation!
The veil around Darren Aronofsky has forever been shredded.
Well I liked it
Enough of this crap, where is the Twin Peaks re:View?!!!
I loved '''Identity'.
Well shit, just found out RLM deletes comments.
21:00
Even after all these years, Aronofsky's most notable contribution to cinema is ASS TO ASS.
For weeks I had a Mother! ad before every single YouTube video I watched. Finally finding out what it's all about. XD
It's not her fault she was shit. It's Trump's.
Saw it yesterday at the cinema. Worst movie of my life not exaggerating and it's not even bad in a good way. It really is self pretentious and boring!\n\nI thought it was a horror but there was nothing scary about it. Just a sick part at the end where a new born baby gets devoured by a hundred people. Nice.\n\nPlease don't waste your time or money on this piece of shit.
watching this movie is like wearing binoculars, while being spin in fast merry go round, and bombarded by loud noises
i usually  agree with these guys.. idk man i really really enjoyed this film. One of my favourites of the year!
Ok guys, thank you very much. I now have my official opinion on this film
I clapped because I remember the Bible!
I got legitimately scared when they first mentioned a Mother! cinematic universe. The mere thought of there being more films exactly like this put a small pit in my stomach. Yes, this film warped my sense of logic and reasoning, that's how much it hurt me.
I mean, the babies neck gets broken and the people start tearing it apart and eating it, fucking film man, nice review guys 👍
6:30\nwtf, I love Jay more now!
So what? Is there a Golden Raspberry nomination for the leading actress\nand the director next year or not?
The main characters are literally f*cking called Him & Her
Why didn't you make it clear enough how terrible Wondah Womah was, you hack frauds? I invested actual personal time on that piece of shit movie, and you are at least 6% responsible for that fact.
Yeah but if he did give it away in his interviews you wouldn't say oooohhh it's so obvious.
Jay is so Mikeish in this video
I love you guys, but I couldn't disagree more with your assessment of this movie. This is meant to be a visual/visceral experience. Why does everything have to be a realistic character drama? If you were smart enough to figure out the obviousness of the thematic/allegorical elements just a few minutes in, I'm shocked that you kept trying to analyze mother! by the same criteria as other 3-act narratives. \n\nWhat it comes down to is this: If you are able to stop analyzing this movie as a conventional character drama, you will enjoy it. If you aren't able to do this, you will think it's stupid. \n\nHey, I'm the same way with horror movies. I can't enjoy most horror movies because that little voice in my brain says, Supernatural stuff is horseshit, and I'm immediately taken out of the viewing experience. For some reason, I'm able to go along for the ride with movies like mother! Maybe it's because I respect any filmmaker who takes a chance and tries to do something interesting, so I give them a long leash.\n\nI thought this was a fascinating mess of a film and I'm glad that a major studio had the stones to make it. This is the kind of film you might have seen back in the 70s, when it was truly a director's medium. Not all of those movies worked, of course, but they were pure artistic visions. It gives me hope that maybe there is something beyond sequels and superhero movies in our future.
Wheres the part where guy gets eaten by the big whale?
it´s a great great movie
What he should've done is based the movie around a story telling narrative. So a grandfather is concerned for his grandson who was kicked out of church last Sunday, and the kid doesn't care about such things, he can't relate to it. So the grandfather tries sitting him down for a bedtime story and creates this story to share various aspects of the Bible. It'll basically be set up just like the Princess Bride.
So.............would either of you recommend it?! HOW WILL I KNOW?!
Well, I guess there's always Ishtar
Check out mother! Or don't, it doesn't 'mother'.
Requiem for a dream is contemporary reefer madness............pfffffft. These drugs will kill you. And if they're not - they will make you do ass to ass double sided dildo
Let me guess, Jennifer lawrence was all pretty calm and fair even tho she is also the representation of predatory animals, NATURAL disasters and the pest? I wonder.
lol he makes one so-so film and now aronofsky is a huge hack apparently
I'd love to see a parody done by these guys of the rick and morty analysis and theory videos that are so obviously done by people who just want views, be hilarious.
Still less dumb than the actual bible.
I see what the movie was trying to do but the whole film was so obnoxious. Seriously Aronofsky and Ridley Scott need to stop with the biblical themes, or at least not do philosophical topics in such a hamfisted way.
Based on young adult novel?  I'm out
I don't get it
Given the set up I would like to see a Michel Gondry version
So this is another flop for paramount pictures.After string of flops, taking risks like this movie wasn't safe nor wise at all
As the old saying goes, Hollywood is Jews selling Catholic theology to Protestants.
Just came from the movie and actually didn't realize it was about the bible until I looked up the IMDB trivia. I thought it was so genius and shit. Thanks for bringing me back down to Earth guys, metaphors don't make a good story. It's a cool experiment but nothing more. I fucking suck at figuring out films like this on my own but I'll just try to be more observant next time.
This comment section is a trip.
4:43 - That description is incredible. Also, Mike, no one can say What the fuck?! quite like you. You mean that sentiment so deeply. I appreciate that.
Re:View of 2003 Hulk movie please.
Anyone notice that Javier Bardem is 21 years older than JLaw?  This Hollywood trend of increasingly younger female counterparts to older male leads is getting creepy.
26:37 mike did you just say ate'n?
I loved Pi... nothing else he made I liked.
Isn't it also about how when Gifted writer uses a relationship as fuel for his writing and lets people have the same level of intimacy with him as his significant other then it destroys that relationship?  Then he can use the disaster of that relationship as fuel for more writing.
This show discriminates against people with low iq
The Romans did nothing wrong
Jenifer Lawrence has one facial expression the whole movie? Have you ever seen a movie with Jenifer Lawrence before? She has less facial expression than Darth Vader in his first film. And she looks like she is constantly having a severe allergic reaction, wtf is that? Am I the only one that sees that?
Identity is a good movie. You care about the competing personalities because you don't want evil to win over the prisoner's soul.\n\nAmazing how quickly people are backlashing against J-Law. 4 years ago she was the It girl. She's on track to bagging groceries by 2019.
Last time I went to the cinema I found crusty snot all over the arm rest. fuck kids and fuck going to the movies
I can't stand Jennifer Lawrence. She sucks.
Mike could have a really good Yosemite Sam moustache.
Anyone else think that poster of Jennifer Lawrence with flowers around her looks like Benedict Cumberstrange...
Frankly, my problem with this film wasn't with the quality of the film making (though that film grain made me want to vomit at times), but rather with the failure at allegory.\nI came into this film blind, and I'm also STRONGLY Catholic. I didn't get the biblical allegory at all until the communion scene. Even then, I was confused by it. Aranofsky's greatest failure here is an attempt to use literature he doesn't understand as a template for his allegory. It ends up making no sense, because the character of God is inconsistent. In fact, throughout the movie, I said to myself multiple times that Javier's character was going to be the devil. And, in fact, I think that's the source of Aronofsky's great failure. In an attempt to describe human history as a relationship between man, God, and the earth, Darren got God confused with the devil.
aH IN GLORIOUS 24FPS
Spooky word count = 1
I think my ignorance to the themes in this movie allowed me to enjoy it a lot more than these guys. I hardly know anything about the bible, I 'd heard nothing about Aronofsky's intentions here, and I honestly didn't pick up on most of those supposedly ham-fisted allegories. \nIn my eyes, it was just an exaggerated descent into the hell of loving someone who cares more about themselves than you. As that, it was a very effective movie for me.\nI like my interpretation way better than this bible crap, I gotta say.
Jennifer Lawrence is the Hillary Clinton of Hollywood celebrities.\nShe's a narcissist who is over hyped and won't go the fuck away.
Oh fuck yes, Possession. Please do a Re:View on it.
People laughed during the vvitch? That movie was creepy.
artsy fartsy crap
loli
Appreciating craftsmanship is not being elitist.
mike stoklasa confirmed lil wayne fan
I work at a movie theater, literally every set atleast 2 people leave almost 40 minutes before it ends. Always... and when they leave it never fails, worst movie I've ever seen it's actually quite hilarious. That being said, I literally went in cold today to see what the buzz was about. I honestly got little to no religious symbolism going in because I did zero research before hand. I thought it was a metaphor of a woman who's dealing with her husband's fame and how it's ruining their marriage. It was like an abstract poem in film form. BUT now hearing how its just a Bible and Earth metaphor, it kind of ruined my initial opinion. Overall I still like it a lot and I'm happy it's so fucking weird and out there compared to any stupid shit we have or are getting this week, a sequel, a jump scare Facebook film and another Lego film. I thought it was refreshing in a way. That's just my opinion 👍
Now watch as the RedLetterMedia commenter hoard smugly shits on a movie 95% of them probably haven't even seen because they wanna be like Mike and Jay.\n\nIt wasn't that ham fisted. You said yourselves you didn't know what was going on the first half of the film. Things didn't become perfectly clear until after she had baby Jesus, then yeah, it was simple going back through the movie and putting the pieces together. But it wasn't a puzzle movie. Putting it together wasn't the point, seemed like. It would have probably serviced the movie better to know it was an allegory from the start. And actually, it was less an allegory and more a straight retelling of the Bible from a bizarre new angle. Why shouldn't it be easy to make connections to the original stories of Adam and Even, the crucifixion, etc. Aronofsky clearly wasn't trying to hide the Biblical elements in his own narrative. They were his narrative. It was a nightmare Sunday school session where you get to see the relationship of God with his worshippers and with the earth played out in the flesh. It's not such a pure and cheery dynamic we have with God when you look at it in Mother!'s light - kind of creepy and sad, really. I think that was the point of the film. Look at this old old story from a totally unique perspective (through the lens of Aronofsky's religious angst and oversimplified environmental romanticism). Take from it what you will. The decision to shoot the first hour of it like a horror movie was a strange creative choice, JLaw's performance didn't do anything for me, it doesn't have a killer thesis like you'd expect it to, and CGI babies are bad. But Mother! was ambitious and fun to piece together. The last hour felt like raw expression. If you wanna talk some shit about a pretentious, unpleasant, falsely advertised indie 'think piece', feel free to do that with The Lobster. I don't think Mother! deserves it.
29:29\n\nNANI????????
mother exclamation point
....but do we see her tits?
This film is not original. Aronofsky is a great filmmaker but he didn't create shit. This is an artsy quasi film adaptation of Paradise Lost. Him is God. Mother is Satan. The House is the earth. The film is the bible from Satan's perspective. Not even the billboard ads are original. They look like the ones from Rosemary's baby. Perhaps an easter egg for the real meaning behind the film.
Half an hour about Zoe's outfits! Yes please! xx
Such a missed opportunity to do an impression of Kim K I lost my diamond earring in the ocean Kim there's people that are dying 😫😂
Waaah, you look amazing, Zoe!! I love the polka dot top and embroidered detail jean shorts look, in fact I love all of your choices! I have the same issue with gaping tops but my boobs don't look quite so good!! Great video lovely xx
OMG LOVE YOUUU
Your hair scraped back looks stunning on you really suits you xx
My mum went to superdrug today and bought me the big snowella body mist.  After school when she picked me up she gave to me and i was soooo happy. I love ur videos and i have been watching you for about 3 years now❤❤❤❤
I LOVE YOUR HAIR ON TUESDAY THE ZARA HEADBAND LOOKS SO GOOD XOXO
Skincare routine please?!
Do not touch the read more !!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou savage!!
Zoe I'm just scared of little fish that look weird. 😂😂😂 Best quote of the holiday. Pmsl
I feel like this wasn't just a diary of your holiday outfits but a diary of you getting more and more tan throughout the week! Looked very lovely and I loved all of your outfits! Glad you had fun :)
Those crazy colourful sandals are from a Greek brand!  Yeah
It's quite annoying how Zoe can literally pull anything off 😍😂
Guys it's nearly Zoella vlog as time !!!!🎄🎄🎄🎄
How do you get the perfect tan on holiday! I never tan :( ?
I really really really don't want to sound creepy but I wish I knew what brand Zoe's bras are just because I wish I had that kind of support! I mean the bras really make her bust look good, but that's a weird compliment to make. If somebody knows, help? Sorry for the weird comment
I just returned from Greece and I hoped so much you will upload it before I leave 😭
Hi Zoe!! For my 18th birthday, me and my family are going to London for 4 days and I would really like to know some of your favorite places in there that aren't very expensive or need reservation...\nThank you so much!! :)
Love you zoe and I am proud of you because  I didn't feel like you were stressed because  of the plane or the flight 🖒🖒🖒 and you shouldn't any way
Zoe is just so lovely, in every way!
Is she going to do vlogs
Love your style Zoe! Actually, love everything about you 😜❤️👍
I also really love all your outfits ❤️ Cute
that is perfect timing Zoe. oh how I missed your vlogs (even tho it wasnt that long lol) having a bit of stressful time atm so this is my relief, thank you x
I don't enjoy swimming in the sea either!!! And I'm going to the beach in a couple of days
the last outfit made me cry with laughter , i rate it hahahah x
I have the same metallic bag as zoe in the last outfit! Love it so useful and cute
Actually lost my breath a bit when Zoe showed the black and white long jumpsuit! Like she looked SO STUNNING! 😱
I'm in love with your first little dress and your sunglasses!
love love love how creative you are with your fashion!! love you lots zoe
How long does it take for you to pack
Where is your furrow hoodie from that you were wearing in Alfie's birthday vlog xxxx
WHERE MY GREEKS AT
I enjoyed this video so much more than I first thought😂❤️
Zoe u all ways wear sommat stylish it's amazing I 💖 when u show us where ur clothes r from then I know that Iam shopping at the right shop 💗
You look amazing in everything! But oh my that striped jumpsuit is something else😍😍
I enjoyed the whole vlog!💖 love you Zoe😻💙
I loved this! Please do this style of video talking through a week of your everyday outfits.
Those underwater clips were so cool!🐠
I got so excited when I got a notification from you! <3
I loved your outfit choices x
Where's my Pittsburgh people
Love u Zoe your blogs make me smile and they are so happy and inspiring pls reply love u 💖💖💖💖💖🙊🙊😘😘
Your skin's looking great!
i love you so so much , thank you
Your makeup is always goals😩💕👑😍
You and alfie are so cute
I'm the 728 th to coment
Please go check out my fan acc on Instagram @y.o.u.t.u.b.e.r_e.d.i.t.s
I like the red jumpsuit with leather sandals. Cute
Still loving the orange nailpolish-game <3
Loved this! Love the casual chattyness of it x
Zoe please do a video on how you did your slick back hair! I love it! 🙏🏻
I loved seeing this. I would so love you to do more fashion related videos Zoe. 💕
peolpe from abroad have much more fun in greece than us ...they come in our country greece and they have soooooooo much fun i wish i could travel to another country like spain or norway....
Love you Zoe and your videos, keep inspireing people
Ya pretty early love u Zoe u probably won't read this but anyway
I've been to Mykonos it's so nice❤
The pink fluffy sliders are from primark I have the same pair they are so comfy ❤️
yaaaaas girl! Love it, keep it up! <3
You could just cut off the sleeves of the red and white dot dress xx
It's been bloomin ages don't do that to me again
Yaaa
Love all your outfits 😍😍
ooooooooooooo I just love the vlogs
Really like your style
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Her Pittsburgh sweatshirt!!! 😍😍😍
Ilysm 😍❤️❤️😍❤️❤️😍❤️
Mykonos..come fly with me...moses
Hellooo from Grecce💕💕
Love you Zoe❤️❤️
FALL LOOKBOOK PLEASE
LOVED IT ♥
lyyyyyyyy xxxxx
Love you loads xxxxxx
Zoe is sooooooo beautiful
where r u?
Loving the styles ❤️❤️
Please do a autumn/winter haul!!!!
I miss Zoe's discopants
reppin the gentle monster sunglasses <3
Zoella you are amazing xxx❤️
Love thisss! 😍😍😍
Early......kind of
Yayyy loving the vlog and all the outfits!!!!!
Zoe those Nutella b-ready are in my local shop but I only found out today 😂❤️ Love this video as well ❤️❤️❤️
This takes me back to the 2012 Zoella 😂
Zoe! Idk if you will see this but for the red dress, maybe you can tie the sleeves around you or around your neck it would work?? You're pretty creative :) just an idea :) hopefully that makes you like it more
Only Zoe could make an outfit diary 31 minutes long 😂😂💓
zoeeeee ur gonna have tan lines on your face from ur sunglasses lol i rarely wear sunglasses on holiday because im self concious of that. love u sooooo much and am so disappointed i couldnt go to the sugg life and pb shop xxxxx <3
19:50 your hair and sunglasses remind me soooo much of Amber Davies from Love Island! Anyone else😂
31 mins of Zoe? HELL YEAH! Omgosh I’ve been waitinggggg 😍
The Nutella b ready see sold back in Wales in Asda ❤
Hope you had a great holiday ❤️
*I love your vlogs so much*
Love that pink playsuit 😍
❤❤
Zoe uploads = drop everything
What country did u go to
Biscoff is dangerous. If you taste any of it you will have eaten the entire jar before you know it.
I’m gonna infuse chocolate chip cookies into the milk, add burnt butter and brown sugar to the custard, and make cookie dough ice cream!
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
As someone who's never tried biscoff spread and who lives in a country where it cannot be found I would absolutely LOVE a biscoff recipe so that I can try it myself <3 Love your videos, Jemma!
Lotus speculoospasta, something typical from belguim😊! Love it. greetings from our small country belguim!
Digestive biscuits 😍
Is that apron merch?!? Please can you release merch jemma!
Hey Jemma, I was wondering: If you wanted more of the biscuit milk to avoid diluting the flavor too much, could you maybe put the solids into a clean kitchen towel after the majority of the liquid has drained and squeeze more from it? Or do you think more solids may be pushed through the fibers of the towel or there probably wouldn't be enough liquid left to worry about?
She speaks sometimes soooo fast so I think I am out of breath 😂
Α very good job!!!
MashAllah
Yummy
Yuuuum! I want some right now haha
Surely that now just tastes of biscoff...
AAAH YES ICE CREAM
Mmmmm delicious.. i want some :)
Yummy!
Cool idea
Am I the only one who would freeze the left over biscuits and eat them?? Lol
Hi Gemma i love your recipes
This looks so yummy!,
Hi jemma your very inspiring
Yum !!!!
1st
What do you do with the leftover biscuit mush?
What ice cream maker brand and model did you use? :)
Hi Jemma, I have watched many of your videos and they are  amazing! One day i want to be like you and even better.I hope you get my message and answer it in your next video. 😍
Who knows why digestive biscuits smell so good when mixed with butter?
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
This is so inspiring ! \nMy friend linked me this cake site yesterday and i can highly recommend it guys, you get personal videos on recipes and how to prepare cakes for partys, weddings etc, and you get also a access to communication forum there you can ask the professional patissier for help, live! Iam so exited, give it a cake guys :D ! https://tinyurl.com/y7j2rm6s
yummy and tasty biscuit ice cream  i want to meet with you and try all your recipes
Bij die volgende was echt nirt goed echtvies
Oooh I'm gunna make this, but with bourbon creams...
Hi Jemma, could you teach us how to make digestive biscuits at home? I live outside the UK but I miss them so much, and so do allmy friends who have ever tasted them.
I don't mind using cream in my deserts but using milk is off putting. Would this work with soy milk?
Here's something I wanted to ask for quite some time but never got around to. What happens with the leftover stuff? Like for example the soaked biscuits from the milk or the biscoff in the piping bag. Similarly you often seem to end up with a lot of leftover cupcake batter or icing and I really don't like wasting ingredients. Maybe that's a dumb question but do you make additional quantities or something like that with what's leftover or do you just throw it out?
How am I supposed to dip this in my tea?
Ooo good job, Jemma. You're #15 on trending in UK 🎉🎉🎉
What if you don't have an ice cream Maker, what do u do pls
I pray for myself, one day I will meet u in person! Thank you for inspiring me, as always! Love from Indonesia, Jemma! 💙
Aww Jemma! I was hoping to hear, ‘it’s a really fine... a fine mesh you’ve got me into haha’. Any other long time subscribers here? They’ll understand the reference. Love that recipe and video.
Is there anything you can do with the biscuits other than throwing them out after infusing the milk?
Everything homemade is better, plus u know whats going into it.
You don't use the speculoos pasta... I am dissapointed, that is why I clicked on the video. I still want to try the recipe though
SO need to give this a try!!! 😍
What kind of ice cream machine is that one?? I want it!!!
Biscoff alone is out of this world, so tell me how can I resist this ice cream one? 😭😍
I love u Jemma and I wish I could come to your shop but I live in Manchester not London 😟 but I'll come one day for sure
Biscoff a good tasty Belgian product. I eat it every morning for breakfast with bread. I eat the biscoff crunch. So njammy.
Love you Jemma I look up to you with cooking you're amazing I just wanna meet you and eat all of your cakes!
Early!!!!\nThat looks good
Wow thanks for the ice cream inspirations!
Is it me or i'm learning so much vocabulary from here. Like Wacky, Ladleful, etc hahahaha
I think that infuse the biscuits in the milk is a genius idea!!! Great Jemma :D
Hey 🦄 this is Lilly \nLilly has no friends \n1 like= 1 friend \nLet's see how many friends Lilly can get
If I come to UK I wish I could get the Jemma kitchen towel hanging at the back hahahaha
Ugh I love watching these videos 😛
Recipes like this, makes me hate my dairy allergy. Because then I start rationalizing how much of this I could comfortably eat without needing to go to the hospital lol
What's the substitute for double cream? Heavy whipping cream?
What is that ring?!?  =)
i must be noticed to subscribe
Can we make. It without the ice-cream machine?
But I don't have an Ice cream machine. What do I do
U should have used a cheese cloth to get the rest of that milk out!!
Would it be a bad idea to add a little bit of vanilla extract or essence to this ice cream? Would it effect the way it hardened or the consistency or something else strange that I've not thought of?
Is there a recipe for biscoff? I've never heard or seen it before😐😐.
Ugh...$233 for that model on Amazon. I know you buy the best, but are there cheaper cuisinart ice cream makers that give you the same results?
You opening that card.... Oh, Carrie!! We miss you!! Xxx
Can you get it in? It's not really in is it? Looks like a turtle head - sounds like the time I lost my virginity.
You are so amazing and an absolute credit to yourself and a fantastic actress that can do anything you put your mind to x
watching this as is im waiting to go into the theatre x
Now this will sound really creepy but you actually have been to Bristol in 2012. I only know that because I watched one of your old videos called 'Life Update' the other day where you talked about being in Bristol for deal or no deal. :D
I always love the warm up and behind the stage parts! \nGreat vlog again, looking forward to the next one :) !!
Why did you put the box on its lid? Did you remember to put holes in it so the mouse can breathe?
Aaw your hair has gotten so long Carrie omg!! And I was emotional during this, when you opened that card and when you were on your old dressing room. Rip Archie❤️❤️
I'm seeing you today!!!!
You'r so caring for  looking after a mouse, must people would just leave him to die & you have such an outstanding voice! Did u train at a theatre school?🎭
I would love to see a video on your singing warm ups! I take a little children's choir and am looking for some genuine warm ups! They would love it if they were doing the same warm ups as you guys in theatre!! \nLove your videos, love seeing the behind scenes of something I've always dreamed of doing x
Carrie, could you make a video doing your favorite vocal warm ups? It'd be help a lot of singers I think, plus it'd be fun and interesting to watch, thanks :)
Anyone know if there's anywhere you can buy the soundtrack for The Addams Family? Saw the show in July and loved and would love the album.
In way too emotional about Archie
Hi, Carrie Hope Fletcher. I want to see a photos of you in Mary Poppins.
My home town of Bristol!!!
I saw that Mary Poppins all those years ago! I was right up in the gods and could see the terror on the face of the flying Mary...
The length of you hair is so cute right now!!
Carrie! Your hair in the beginning was soooo cute!
Tbh I'm quite impressed that it has been fourteen years and you still remember everyone's names! :D guess I just have a very short memory...
Hi Carrie! My name is Jemma and I just wanted to say how amazing you are. You are such a beautiful person and deserve so much as you are so kind and caring and just the best person. You are an amazing singer and actor and I hope you have an amazing life and career. Unfortunately I live in Australia and I won't be able to see The Addams Family live but it is my absolute dream and I hope that maybe one day I will be able to see you and Oliver perform in The Addams family as well as the rest of the cast. Once again you are beautiful and I love you so much.\n\nMuch Love,\nJemma from Australia!❤️\n(You probably won't see this but I just thought I'd say something nice anyway 😊)
Where did you get your amazing jeans???
Oh my goodness to have a signed photo of you as Eponine?!?! I'd probably faint or cry from happiness. Probably both. <3
I'm glad you are feeling better! Hope Archie survives! I'm gutted I couldn't see you perform in Bristol. But hopefully coming to see you perform in Wolverhampton - can't wait! Xx
Would be so grateful to anyone reading this if they would check my latest video, It's my first one ever which is scary. But karma will repay you good if you help a girl out :) like and sub if you would hehe ❤️❤️❤️ all you have to do is click :)))
Just got back from seeing you tonight! I love love loooooved the show❤️.  You are so amazing Carrie :)
Actually ignore the last comment cos I went to see it on Thursday and it was absolutely amazing. It's honestly one of the best nights of my life. Got to see Oliver at stage door though I'm gutted I couldn't see you. But your performance made it worth it. 💜💜💜💜
nice, you went past my house
Ah! I lived in Briz for 3 years, so cliché to say but fun to see you at the Hip and around thems local parts! If you get a chance to get up Cabot Tower in the centre, any of the Boston Tea Party coffee shops AND BAKESMITHS MY DAYS. Also the Cotham Hill (said cott-ham or coth-ham?!) charity shops are BRILLO PADS for lil' gems. If you get any down time, a poke around Clifton, cobbles, coffee shops and cute things to see comes warmly reckoed (as does the fish and chips in Clifton!) Enjoy Bristol, I hope you get some quality rest <3
I think boyonce is the perfect nickname for Scott! 😂 xx
Laughing at the crew girls checking out Oli dancing HAHA
Bristol is my country lol
Carrie, I'm thrilled your in Bristol but so heart broken because I can't see you because I'm away. Is there anyway I could deliver a letter to you? I love you so much xxxxxxxx
Coming to see you on Saturday 😊😍😘
Is Scott playing Fester permanently? Did Les leave?
Please! Could you do a tutoriel on how you do your two braids with the cute scarf in it? You look too adorable !!
RIP Archie, hey! Maybe he could have played thing!
Carrie is a woman of many hairstyles and I love it. Working the pigtails.
Awww Archie! :(\nGlad you're feeling better, Carrie! I don't remember the last time you wore jeans but those ones look amazing!!!
Love watching behind the scenes of theatre!!!! It's Totally my dream job❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
NIOOOOOO ARCHIE. YOU WERE A WONDERFUL LITTLE MOUSE WHO DID NO HARM TO NO ONE. RIP LIL ARCHIE. WE LOVE YOU😘  ok now I'm crying
When you live in Bristol... OMG 😍😫💗
how would I get my letter to you? :)
I saw you perform last night in bristol (20th) and im seeing you again tonight!!! Couldnt be more excited if i tried Xx
So sad that when I lived in Bristol, the Addams family was on in Cardiff and now I've moved there for uni its in Bristol this week :(
I lived in Bristol for 3 years when I was at uni. I loved it there. It's so quirky and like a mini London.
Wow Carrie, your hair is growing so fast!
I love that you give your coworkers free reign of the camera sometimes! It's super funny, and also fun to see you in action!
any small youtubers wanting to help each other out? ill sub back x
OH MY GOD YOU ARE IN MY HOME CITY! I'm coming to see the show on Friday and I cant wait!
Carrie your backpack is lovely!! so pretty!! xx
Your voice is stunning.  I used to live in Bristol miss it so much x
Coming to see this saturday! So excited as I saw you in les mis and also played Wednesday a few years back in our groups production! My friends went yesterday said it was amazing and took photos with you at stage door! 🎉
As a Bristolian I properly yelped in delight at seeing you in our lovely city! I hope it’s treating you all well 😊
Dat ass Ms Fletcher 👀😂 someone hasn't been slacking on their squatting 💪😜
My mum and I went to see the matinee in Bristol yesterday! It was the first musical I'd ever been to and we thought you were all amazing :) Such a fun show!
Poor Archie. :(. So is les Dennis still ill, he wasn't well when I saw you last week in Manchester. Also I think there must have been something going around that theatre, I got ill last week too. X
Aw the card from your mom and dad<3 Dressing room nostalgia :') RIP Archie!
I noticed before you mentioned the Cat Cafe that you were going to walk passed it and you gave the exact reaction I thought you would lol, love cat cafes.
Carrie, would you ever be able to do an updated hair care routine? Your hair is looking so long and lovely
I like Oliver's haircut. If I wasn't going bald, I'd get it myself.
How did this get on trending 4 with 45k views
I'm coming to see the show on Saturday evening, so excited!
Omg I LOVE your bag! Where is it from!? X
It was great seeing the show yesterday!
Do you think you're gonna venture into the cat café at some point? Love the video! x
Omg I came to watch you when the show came to my city and now my school announced today that we are doing the Addams family as our school musical this year! I'm so happy!
We were at the Saturday show. So sad not to see you proform. You did the right thing though and we enjoyed the show all the same. Hopefully we can come see you in something else soon xxx
your hair looks so good at this length :)
When I saw 'Hippo' in the title, my brain immediately went, Hippo Campus! (the band) and thought Carrie was gonna talk about seeing them live or something... guess I've been watching too many Hippo Campus vids...
Omg he died?? That's so sad 😨😰
Awh seeing you at the Hippodrome makes me homesick for Bristol! I love that venue!
i'm seeing addams family on 5th october!!! in belfast!! missing school and all, i'm so excited
Pause at 7:58 to see three ladies checking out Oliver!
Oliver dancing and those 3 women staring at him like wtf is honestly hilarious!
ahhh i miss england so much watching your vlogs carrie but they really help me feel closer to home! <3 i wish i could come and watch the musical but unfortunately i'm a poor british uni student living in australia! i've had one normal night on loop since i first listened to it this morning and im in awe of the notes and lyrics <3
Hearing you sing made me happy💜 glad your feeling better.xx.
as always this has made me so happy! Except, of course, for Archie. Rest In Peace!
Omg I know the chip shop you mean !! It's right by that cat cafe you walked past there, I was there a few weeks ago and admired the Sheridan Smith autographs!!
That booty though Carrie! ❤️🍑 You're gorgeous inside and out 😘😘
i have never been more sad about a mouse dying :( :( :( :( :(
You have a good heart Carrie. Goodbye Archie, we hardly knew ye...
What a morbid ending 😂 was hoping archie would pull through but ya know, great vlog regardless carrie!
Archie! :(
Archie was so cute :'(
My city ❤️
rip archie addams x
Big up Bristol!
I live there
Carrie in jeans?
hmm
R.I.P Archie
RIP Archie we hardly knew ye
rip archie :(
**glasses nose twitch**
🖤💜🖤
Awwww, rest in peace, little Archie Addams
I love seeing the warm ups. By  this point I'm guessing you guys are used to it, no matter how much fun it is, but it seems like such a magical process in my head. I was in a theatre course for over 2 years but my grandmother took me off of it before I could actually participate in anything remotely close to this (it was for health reasons, my grandma is a wonderful woman and only did what was best for me). I wish I could be part of a musical at some point ❤️ I'd love it.
Check out St Nicholas Market in Bristol, also in Cabot Circus they have a shop called flying tiger which I think you would love!
Did her and Pete break up? What have I missed??
Do you even Gay bhoi?
This was really smart
This is like a gay version of fight club
holy SHIT I LOVED THIS
Im so fucking confused. Can someone please explain the jist of this to me?
So I did see that coming, but you came at it from a different angle than I expected - well played and excellently produced as usual :)
NO.. \nNOOOO \nthis is too much\nthis ruined my evening \ngoddammit..
Omg this was absolutely amazing. If I wasn't a fan before, I'm definitely one now!
If your girlfriend has a gay friend, then dump her ass cause she's blowing someone else
Oh, and you're a ghost. 😂
THIS MADE NO SENSE IT CONFUSES MY MIND AAA\n\nEdit: Wow watching it a second time really changes things.
Fantastic! This was cool and creative. More of this on youtube!
EASILY my favorite video this WEEK!\nLMAO
Dude, make a movie.  Please,  for all of us
normalizing the type of shit murder suicides happen over!
I'd like to eat your girlfriend's pussy out.
87k views is not trending. How much did you pay YouTube
Doesnt she say have a good gayte at the beginning ? I thought it all at the beginning
Oh! and you are a ghost... That makes sense!
I had to pause the video after she said he was the gay friend cause it was too painful for me to process that. 😭😂
Nobody can come between me and my fag hag.
https://www.openbible.info/topics/homosexuality\n\n\nhttps://www.openbible.info/topics/fornication\n\n\nActs 2:3838 Peter said to them, “Repent, and each of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins; and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. \n\n\nRomans 8:5-65 For those who are according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who are according to the Spirit, the things of the Spirit. 6 For the mind set on the flesh is death, but the mind set on the Spirit is life and peace\n\nRomans 10:8-178 But what does it say? “The word is near you, in your mouth and in your heart”—that is, the word of faith which we are preaching, 9 [a]that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; 10 for with the heart a person believes, [b]resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, [c]resulting in salvation. 11 For the Scripture says, “Whoever believes in Him will not be [d]disappointed.” 12 For there is no distinction between Jew and Greek; for the same Lord is Lord of all, abounding in riches for all who call on Him; 13 for “Whoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved.”14 How then will they call on Him in whom they have not believed? How will they believe in Him whom they have not heard? And how will they hear without a preacher? 15 How will they preach unless they are sent? Just as it is written, “How beautiful are the feet of those who [e]bring good news of good things!”16 However, they did not all heed the [f]good news; for Isaiah says, “Lord, who has believed our report?” 17 So faith comes from hearing, and hearing by the word [g]of Christ.
my goodness! how do you even come up with this stuff! <3 fav
so glad you broke off and did your own thing, this content is AMAZING, I love the creativity <3 keep it coming
Hey Chris, just wondering if you'd ever think to release a behind the scenes video for this? I love the editing and vfx as I am currently a first year Screen Prod student; always looking to pick up some inspo wherever I can!! Cheers
that was the fastest 7 minutes of my life
I love it but when she said that mike was her boyfriend and Chris is her gay friend it was so unexpected!!
This is actually good😂😂
I'll just pretend that I didn't see this. \n\nYou can actually visit: www.thenobleblog.com\n\nIt has some great news about the latest gadgets
WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST WATCH! 😂😂😂😂😂
Wait, is this what gay friends are supposed to be like? Because almost all of my best friends are girls and I don't act like this at all.
He's the gay friend and a ghost coming this fall to fox
I just came across this randomly and this is so weird LOL
We are in late-era Rome. Degeneracy everywhere. Foreign invaders everywhere. In debt up to our ears.
PRANK IDEA!! 💡 so everyone is talking about the world ending this Saturday and the rapture and stuff, it's everywhere! Go to a public place and leave some changes of clothes on the floor to make it look like they got raptures , the look on people's faces!!!!!
Why do shit videos always trend in the YouTube page of America 😒
Why isn't nobody talking about buster's Mal heart !!!!
Gay is a front to take your ASS, GET SMART !!!
no homo but i'm watching this
what the fuck did i just watch
I love this shit
this akes me so uncomfortable that he is actuallly the gay friend
Omg I’m so confused i love this
Mind-fuck!!! this is some next level shit!!!!
I had to restart and I love that, totally needed to be more attentive from the start. Had some great social commentary but then completely lost it at the end :(
Possibly the smallest ratio of likes to dislikes I've ever seen
I legitimately didn't see that coming.
seek help for your mental illness
This is one of the craziest videos I've seen on YouTube
after watching this I gotta wonder... am I the gay friend???
holy shit tho
That plot twist thooooo
Hahaha I'm gay and I approve!
ok what the fuck?
damn that fucked me up 😂
this confused the shit outta me...
WHERE IS MY MIND
Wait, what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBBLaRqgyIs :)
This is messed up man. How am I suppose to go to bed now?
Quality over quantity is what Chris always values. 👍
*THIS IS ON SOME MR. ROBOT TYPE SHIT. I LOVE IT!!!*
THANK GOD HE LEFT BUZZFEED
Content worth waiting for.
Hahahah.... great
GODDAMN
Shrimp Farming Guide http://bit.ly/2wHVe3h
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 LOVE!!!!!
This is disturbing
Love it!
Omgawd
Fucking brilliant.
Dat plot twist tho!!! Had me gagged!
Omg that was soooooo good
Love it!! Great twist
great vidgreat vid
That was awesome!!!
omg plot twist after plot twist
wow. slow clap sir...slow clap!\n\n:D\n\nmind f*ckd for 7 mins. Cool cool cool!
SHHHSHSHHSHHHH SHUT UP MIKE
wut.
Wtf lol😂
I AM CONFUSION
Wtf is this? 😂😂😂
My mind is... fucked
What is this omg
so good
That plot twist tho............
what the hecky Becky
cuckold numale
Okay this is cancelled
Wtf is this on trending
this reminds me of Busters Mal Heart
😂😂
Confused af
What
WHAT TJE FUCK
That... got... weird...
Mulholland Drive 2017
Why is so much gay shit trending? Please, just stay in the closet.
Hey Guys, Im the guy that was wearing the EverybodyFights shirt & I'm coming here to give my side of the story as to what happened. A lot of people think they know but have no idea how the altercation went down or what was said before the KO actually took place. I was on my way to work at the gym early in the morning, & I got on the train I was writing music minding my own business when I heard this guy talking shit about my hair, I didn't think much of it, til I took my headphones out & said I had nice hair, I responded that's not what you said, to which he got up & started saying I looked like a bitch because I have long hair, He kept inching closer to me so I got in my stance and threw my hands up just in case of anything & responded if I'm a bitch why don't you fight me ? To which he responded I don't wanna kill you, he kept on talking and I kept responding you're all talk and as I got off the train he followed me upstairs where the knockout happened, He started trying to put his hands in my face so I started parrying and slapping his hand away, I kept warning him don't get closer or I'm gonna hit you, he eventually got in my face & I hit him with a short right hook that folded him, I didn't wanna jump on him and hit him anymore because the reality is I didn't wanna hurt the guy, I simply was defending myself, he eventually got up and made his way upstairs where I was trying to again avoid confrontation, He threw his hands again and came at me so i squared up & got in my stance, once he realized he couldn't fight with me hands wise, he started pulling my hair this is where I started throwing uppercuts inside & once he started yanking my hair, I slammed him against the wall & started bashing his head against it & hitting him with right hands (the crowd was blocking the view) from there I got him in a guillotine choke with the intention of putting him to sleep and going to work, he slipped out after a couple seconds so I full mounted him & had my left hand on his throat while getting ready to strike with the right, I caught him with 1 right then the cops finally showed up. There was 3 witnesses (thank you whoever you are) that defended me as the cops would have taken me in otherwise, nonetheless I'm a musical artist who really don't look to fight anybody, you can follow my page @ZayGreedo thank you 💪🏽
This is Metal Vs. Rap materialized.
Hair pulling......Lame
The real GOAT is the woman who lost her shoe https://youtu.be/VLdTVexvJ5Q?t=2m15s
I think I went to high school with Everybody Fights.\n\nFucker was always fighting with everybody, even me.
The guy with the long hair is actually a music artist IG: @Zaygreedo
The long haired guy is actually a personal friend of mine. He was looking for no trouble and somehow trouble found him. He’s a rapper and a boxer. His name is @zaygreedo on SoundCloud.
fuck man.. this has one good shot then it looks like grand theft auto NPCs fighting lol shit
Every Body Fights
dude was pulling hair lol
loooool
The hippy should have watched the UFC. Once you knock the guy out, you have to keep pounding him until you're sure he's stay down when you walk away.
Do you think god stays in heaven because he to fears what he created
They do have the internet in the midwest these days.  Almost two years on now.
I am not buying this book. But I am liking this video.
The word Internet must always be capitalized. It is a proper noun. There is only one Internet. There is no such thing as the internets.
It was written by someone who thinks everyone from outside the city is stupid.....not by midwestern housewifes, but FOR them.  My experience is that its the elitists from places like NYC who are scummy enough to write something like this.....not a mom from Nebraska.\n\nYou loved it anyway Jenny.....you just cant come to terms with it yet. I bet youre signing up for dating sites as we speak.....
A horrific​ sexual description of what I would do to Jenny.
Jenny , stay of the WEED
This sounds like it was written by Neil Breen.
I raise you 3001: The Final Odyssey (Space Odyssey #4), it requires you to read the other space odysseys but it so baaad
Oh I enjoyed this, as a writer I’m glad it wasn’t my book lololol, but very funny, thanks
The best part of this whole thing is Porg just casually laying there on the bed as the snippets of this erotic thriller are read. lol.
The popular definition of troll is weird rn. I always thought a troll was someone who tricks you but a lot of news networks just use it to mean anyone mean on the internet.
Have you written a book and put it out there for the world see?
I enjoyed this review as I do all of yours, except that I was disturbed when you seemed to become disturbed around 7 minutes in.
After the twist, this went from the worst thing ever to some of the funniest shit I've heard in a while.
JENNY! I'll be your internet troll! But you know, not.... not in that way. I'm married after all.
Hey it's me Justin
This was written by Anita Sarkeesian using a pen name, wasn't it? She's the main character and Justin is actually Sargon of Akkad. Either that, or it was written by Kristi Winters, and the troll is Bearing. \n\nSeriously, though, I need more of this. This was great. I wouldn't complain if this became a once-a-month thing. Some more script doctor videos would be nice, too.
you'd think having a pretty girl read you erotica would be a fun thing. then it happens, and, well. you wind up turning the sound way down
Hold up jenny. \nYou cannot imagine a 21 year old never having been complimented on her looks? \nYou believe your experience is typical? You ever been 21? I would like answers
*BEST* Book, Jenny. You found the *BEST* Book.
I wonder if they'll be a spike in sales thanks to you
Why do I get the feeling that this book was written by a 50-year old woman who doesn't know how the internet or sex work? Not that I'm wiser or something.
Got to pay the troll's toll, if you want to get into that boy's hole!
You think that's terrible? Check this out!\nhttps://www.amazon.com/Empress-Theresa-Norman-Boutin/dp/1495450422
It's exactly what it sounds like:\nhttps://i.imgur.com/pyov8I3.jpg
On the one hand the explanation of how he hacked into her computer sounds reasonably plausible, on the other hand I know nothing about hacking and I feel like I could've got a similar description of the process from a Google search.\nAlso is it me or does she leave him in her apartment with all her stuff? Pretty sure if he wants to find her he just has to wait there until she goes back, it's not like she would've stopped to grab her wallet and phone while desperately fleeing. Then again, he was writhing on the floor for and awfully long time...\n\nMinor critique; Niche is pronounced Neesh not nitch.
I'm not a troll, but I'm in love for you. Can I?
Worst book? This isn't The Catcher in the Rye...
Am I missing something, or is the purpose of this video to heap ridicule on an aspiring but naive writer? \n\nThis just seems mean.
Twilight has done more harm than we'll ever know.
Still a better love story love story than fifty shades of grey
The thing is... the more i've experienced the world the more it seems like this is a fetish. There's an anime called Diabolik Lovers about a tiny girl being held against her will in a mansion full of hot vampire boys, and they all just act like dicks and suck her blood all the time. This is based on a dating sim for women. It is the weirdest thing i've seen, because i couldn't understand how it existed.\n\nIt may have slightly higher productuon value than Troll though.
Where'd the smg come from? Did he bring a bag? I need answers!
i have decided you like the word sexy
coincidentally, the worst movie is called Troll 2. maybe there's an ancient magic to the word itself.
Hey Jenny, have you read The Haunted Vagina yet?  I found the concept amusing and the writing rather decent.
Please summarize/review part 4! I would never be willing to pay the 99cents or waste the 20 minutes it would take to read but I would be really interested in hearing your recap lmfao
I think it is safe to say that at this point I'll happily watch Jenny talk about basically anything.
Make this a series
So you're doing the audio book for this one, right Jenny?
What a title, I'm in, I'm in.
Jenny is the coolest kid on the block
Mean only works if it's funny.
All her youtube money goes to buy plush toys.
Don't you see?  The book is called Troll not just because of the main character.  It's called Troll because you just got trolled for reading this and thinking the author was being genuine.  That's my theory.
At least now we know what they are going to make when Fifty Shades completes
I like those taken by the tyrannosaurus dinosaur erotica books, lol.
Worst book ever? \nHold my beer.
I find your ability to speak on a this book's dubious quality and dissect it all the while sounding so interesting while doing so on how bad this story is crafted. She the female had become victim of the Stockholm syndrome during the break in, which is why she capitulates to her capturer. I would be very interested in you writing a story, have it then animated with you doing the voice over. You are very good at conveying the mood and setting and background of characters in whatever subject you discuss along with a voice that's pleasant to listen to.\nI kinda wish your Porg could be placed on its stomach (not tummy) with its arms/fins placed under its cheeks listening to you as speak.\nYour choice of metallic nail polish is complimentary to your attire and color scheme for the Autumn Equinox.
For some reason I lost it at the internet's never been like THIS before!
Still sounds like a better story then The Force Awakens. :P
So, current day version of Beauty and the Beast?
I read a few pages of Stephen King's On writing and he mentions it's good to read really terrible writing so you know what it looks like. Now I understand what he meant and I didn't even have to read that book
Will you ever love a TROLL, Jenny?
The fact that the author is seemingly unaware of how aggressive and gross guys usually are on dating websites makes me think this was written by a dude. But I can see how a woman may have written this to court the male troll demographic. But on the third hand I remember reading that the erotic novel market is dominated by a female demographic so it seems unlikely that someone would intentionally write for a tiny percentage of the market. In any case LOL
Oh man, at first I hoped it was a story about an actual troll, but no, no no no.
Okay so what you're saying here is that you won't fall in love with me if I break into your house? Damn. Now I need a plan B.
This is great, lol.  Worse than the not-ASMR video, in terms of discomfort, but you always manage to be charming and funny.
I love your videos more than anything! sadly I have never watched a single star wars movie but I still watch ALL your videos and I get very exciting when I can understand the content because its not about star wars XD I just love your humor
After the success of 50 Shades of Grey i really have no issues believing that this book was actually written by a woman. A book about an abusive relationship and female friends of mine are snickering about how they envy this relationship
Emma Clark's real identity? Well that's easy it's Max Land... ahhh too obvious.
Why not just send Karl Marx's 'Communist Manifesto' ? That's pretty awful and only half a sexually explicit ! 😂
Worst book ever? *retrieves fantasy novel I wrote in high school* I CHALLENGE THIS AUTHOR FOR THE BAD BOOK CHAMPIONSHIP BELT, there are characters named after heavy metal guitarists in mine!
This will be the worst book I will ever read cover-to-cover
If you want to support independent authors, you can start with me!
The little porg appears to be listening so intently to Jenny in this vid, it's adorable 😂
why haven't you done a video on Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure yet???
Emma Clark has an ebook you can purchase for $0.99 called 'Thor's Other Hammer.' I assume it's about Thor's forbidden love of carpentry.
Girl are you did cuz you look good in this episode just sayin
Oh.. there were several Justins amongst the patrons.... Ooooooooooh!
i would bet money on a woman author. And yes rape fantasies are a thing a pretty common one actually.
Open bob ;)
show boob lol
those x-wing pillowcases?
this book sounds hot
Jenny is Sooooo Cute
Romantic novelas making rape ok since 1492
*Justin Borgen:* Is actually Justin Bieber fanfiction! The horror!! 😫
Girl...
the Great Incel Novel
That book describes my loif
It might be teen Neil Breen fanfic.
Harley Quinn origin story confirmed! 🃏
Porg? ... Porg. Porg?! Porg, porg porg.\n\nPorg.
https://media.giphy.com/media/aZ3LDBs1ExsE8/giphy.gif
Genius1 or GeniusOne ?
4/5 Stars on Amazon now....\nhttps://www.amazon.com/Troll-First-3-Books-Bundled/dp/149544192X
The\nRighteous\nOn-line \nLawyers \nLTD
Ich ist das troll! Ich werde haxor!\n\nEdit: Ich bin auch #80seurovillain
Brogan. Bro. Nice.
Am I the only one who thinks we should spam Jenny with erotic fanfiction comments just like Justin did?
This is some real /r/niceguys material right here.  Also, what does TROLL stand for?!?!?
i think this is clearly written by a man a pretty petty, disturb man who doesnt really understands human behavior
1) Write outrageously ridiculous book under pseudonym\n2) Use vanity publisher\n3) Ridicule book on your YouTube channel\n4) Leave convenient Amazon link in description\n5) PROFIT.\n\nNot that I'm judging. Having a porg addiction is terribly expensive.
I want to read that book, a then i want a movie adaptation of that book and then i want a spin off TV series about that book
Oh great, now I'm not only named after a bad guy, but a TROLL. It's not bad enough people misspell my name as the feminine tense. Or call me Jason. I'm thinking I should just change my surname to Bateman and have done with it.  And then there came Timberlake and Bieber, SMH. Cry me a river, I know. But now THIS... and hearing you say my name ISN'T sexy? God, this book seems worse than Fifty Shades of Grey, and I really didn't think that was possible. And a... faux - hawk?!? I'm gonna have to write a book now, self - publish, and set this whole Justin situation aright!
Books 2 and 3 will _definitely_ be worse. That's just the nature of the best. \n\nAnd now you have thousands counting on you to deliver The Cringe 2 and The Cringe 3.\n\nDo you see the trap you've caught yourself in now? Do you? Do you???
I wonder if the author will ever watch this...lol seems highly likely for a self pub. I hope they have a sense of humor about themselves.
I had that sweater when I was 7.
Wow! Sia has grown up!
I heard it over a hundred times but I still love it so much!!!
Sia s voice Brings à Magic to this cute littl moche😘😘😘😘😘😘gonna watch this movie !!!!!!!! 😉😉😉sia has put all her whole And soul in it !!! 😊😊😊Luuvv u Sia
I'm so existed for the movie!!!
If this song was nominated for an Oscar, I would love to see her perform it at the show.
OMG ! My Little Pony is My favorite tv show ever! I can't wait to watch it! Song bird is so adorable! <3
Sia is a pony now... OMG I GONNA DIE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
I love the new my little pony song
I am getting me one of those ponies :))
Hey this is my song stupeds
I love Sia, I love the Songbird Serenade, I love the song, I love my little pony the movie, I loved it all.
A perfect mix between Maddie's usual talent in Sia's clips and MLP new animation style\nI simply adore
I am frome algeria I Love It <3
Sia is my top 1 favourite artist of this generation. I really love whatever song she sings. Her music is so unique and her voice  is 😍😍😍
I always remember Raven whenever I see or hear Little Pony
Sia never disappoints me, she will always be the greatest, even when she writes for my little pony.\nAlso, I wrote my first song, so if you have a little time, sheck it out
I'm gonna watch this movie. I don't givr a fuck about people who say I can't watch it cuz I'm a boy. I love Sia so fuckin much, I would kill myself for her.
I love you song
i freaking hate the ponies but i really love the song
Such a beautiful voice
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE :D
aaaaahhhh
i love you sia ^_^💜
Is it weird I want to watch this but I'm kind of too old
Hello darkness my old friend\nhttps://youtu.be/NF8wkHdaXUs is better than this
No a fan of MLP but i am of sia and this song is really good great in fact with artist's like sia sam smith zayn etc there may be still hope for music
I love this song!!  Best song!!  💓💓💓💓💓I love My Little Pony.  \nBest song + favorite cartoon = Best Movie ever \nThe song bring so many memories bad and good
Singers give their souls to devils, don't do that Sia 'cause you're the one these days
LYRICS:\nRainbow\n\nI know you, you're a special one\nSome see crazy where I see love\nYou fall so low but shoot so high\nBig dreamers shoot for open sky\nSo much life in those open eyes\nSo much depth, you look for the light\nBut when your wounds open, you will cry\nYou'll cry out now and you'll question why\n\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\n\nI am here and I see your pain\nThrough the storms, through the clouds, the rain\nI'm telling you you cannot escape\nYou can do it, just feel baby\n\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\n\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nSmiling down\n\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out
When I saw the two colored hair I remembered Melanie martinez \nany crybabies here?  :
Love it!  My little pony, Sia, and Maddie! Wooh!
Please listen to No Better Feelin (MLP OST) by CL. It's Pretty too <3 #Blackjack #2NE1
....i cant understand what words she is saying so ima just clap \n👏🙂
Too bad i can't see the movie cause they won't release it in my place... :(
I'm fucking in love with this song.
Rainbow in the sky ;) Nice song :)
what disappointed me about this is that it gave spoilers to tempest being reformed. not that i hate spoilers, its just that i was hoping tempest wouldn't be reformed.\n\noh well. it's still probably gonna be an awesome movie.
She is back with a new song....
Such a peaceful voice 💓
I don't watch mlp but omg this was so cute!
This song is the best
Can Sia make a song for Star Wars - The Last Jedi ?
can't wait to watch this movie 😍😍😍
Who noticed how the girl mature .. She becomes more beautiful😍❤
I don't like MLP but this might make me see the movie-
I love your vídeo is a very cool
OMG I am so excited for this movie!! Sia's character is my favourite MLP. She looks so good congrats to MLP for getting Sia in MLP I am sure everyone will watch 😋❤️😍
Sia the pony is life
your song is awsome
I want to watch it so bad!?!!
I love sia and maddie ziegler 😍😍😍
I'm going to see the movie just because of Sia.
I love MLP AND THIS SONG 😍😍😍💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
2:14 I think she's havin a seizure
Her mouth movement is so cute
*Sia and Maddie together makes the best musical team in the world*
i love you sia😍😍❤❤
🌈🌈🌈🌈. I can see the RAINBOW🌈🌈🌈🌈
3 days ago ... \nAnd Now 2.8Million Views
i wanna dance in the water too 😫😫
❤❤❤💛💛💛💚💚💚💙💙💙💜💜💜\n🌈🌈 *I CAN SEE YOUR RAINBOW* 🌈🌈\n❤❤❤💛💛💛💚💚💚💙💙💙💜💜💜
i love your songs
NO NO PLEASE NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LEGENDARY
Sia in the cutest pony ever
you a pony😡🚀
I'm amazed
What ? Totally didnt expect that ...
Is this maddie?
ahhahaha holy shit
i 💙 this songg!!!and i 💙SIAAAA😘😘
Maddie Ziegler dance really weel
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Alot of bronies in here
Siaaaaaa 😍😍😍
MY LITTLE PONY YASSSSS
Amazing..!😍
so beautiful !!! <3
owww maddie
maddie wiiiiiiii
2K dislikes from rains and moon
Love this song!
Love from Turkey 🇹🇷\n SIA Rainbow 🎧🔊🎶🎶
*I LOVE YOU MADDIE ZIEGLER*
I LOVE THIS!
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
0:55
Amazing!!😍😍😍
Is that maddie zeigler dancing
Ohh shii is best is f videos ever!@!
She is perfect😍😍😩😩
wow i love sia
Go maddie Ziegler :)
abonnement my page you toub
maddie hits puberty
:o my litte pony
2017???
uff😍like!!!!!!!!
Trump likes the left side of Maddie's hair
Beautiful
I saw many people post about his new song and how they didn't like it so i was kinda scared to listen to it and didn't know what to expect but I ACTUALLY LOVE THIS!!!!! WAY TO GO MOZ 🖤 can't believe i ever doubted you !!!!
God save Morrissey! The queen can wait...
Fantastic song!!! Great and meaningful lyrics
I can't get enough of that melody
Not sure about this.
If the truth be told, the fact that lyrics such as these are falling from the same pen that wrote 'Cemetry Gates' is evidence of how far Morrissey has fallen regarding lyrics. This sounds as though somebody has given Moz a copy of the Communist Manifesto and asked him to re-write the 'Trews' theme tune for Russell Brand. Incredibly uninspiring...
I wish this man would stop making brilliant songs pisses me off love it 😍
It's growing on me. Vintage vinegar coming from an artist, dare I say it, still searching for his peak? Can't wait for the LP.
Everything Morrissey does is Godlike and when my band first started off Morrissey came to see us... Best day ever...\n\nJules - The Strokes
morrissey bro what are you doing
Like the electronic feel..... Very damn catchy....
Continued proof that he is the greatest songwriter in the world~\nRob/Boston
Another job well done, Morrissey. Lovely song!
I love him so much. What a masterpiece. I'm itching to hear the rest of the album.
Radiohead released 3 videos and Morrissey released a song. GODS.
That kid with the axe is clearly a Juggalo.
Is Morrissey dare I say, dare I even suggest, /ourguy/?
Return to Italy Moz please please please ❤
I loved the turn of our world pop rock icon MORRISSEY. This new song refers to the good times of this extraordinary singer. The vocal quality remains intact. Congratulations to the best of the best !!!!!
yes yes yes yes best single in 20 years
this is acc good well done moz
What a Great song! And as always, the lyrics right on the nail! Still listen to the Smiths and Morrisey very regularly: music and lyrics remain relevant and special....
I'm a slave to my bed so yeah of course this is going to appeal to me. There appears to be a lot of divide on this tune but I'm afraid I'm going to be one of the likers
A great song and a wonderful public service announcement.
Song of the year
This sounds and reads like a(US) pop hit but likely won't be because of ageism etc..
I spend the day listen spend the day in bed because i been watching you Moz. I love you for evermore! <3 <3 <3 love this song <3 <3 <3
With who?. only joking. Very good song though. You can always relate to Morrissey and thats why i like him, my bus is always late and they don't care, and most 'bosses' are cunts anyway, fuck them. Its also important to celebrate the good things in life though and be grateful your not living in a third world country. Cheers Morrissey.
Love it  long live the king
i spent the day on the chaise longue
Loving Morrissey for a quarter century...but confused at an archive interview, Jools Holland Later...c.1995; where Morrissey says Boxing is very violent..but I like it..  Like The Smiths sing, Fame,fame , fatal fame..it can play hideous tricks on the brain..I hope he has recovered...
work is depressing as fuck. I usually end up with a boss who bullies me. It's usually an overweight  and/or ugly female.
Great as always. Brother, Father, Friend Mozz....
idk song is sending wrong vibes ...watch the news, educate yrself!  i recommend doin it in the bed :)
The mad man, he finally did it!\nAfter years of talking and singing about staying in bed,\nhe finally made a song with that as the title.
Rather genius. Haven't heard anything like this in a long while. Clear voice, interesting sound, great structure and superior lyrics.  I'm sure this won't be a hit because the masses can't handle such clever art.
But what if I stay in bed and eat chicken wings?
Like the opening with the keys...
Oh I love it.
This so speaks to me...I spend plenty of days in bed, i really do. This song makes me feel a little better about it.
I wear pyjamas on the outside 'cause pyjamas is how I feel on the inside.
I'm not really into this song.  I'm kind of wondering how spending the day in bed relates to not watching the news lol.  But then again, it's just a song
God is not dead, he is creating masterpieces. ❤️
42nd time I've listened to it since last night... :)))))))) Love spending the day in bed! Yay, Moz!!!!!
The cheesy synth effects add nothing.  I would leave them out.  Otherwise, I think it's a pretty good pop song.
Was lost but now am foundThank u mozzer...yet again.
LOOKS LIKE DADDY'S BACK
So happy this is out! <3 Also so happy to have new Morrissey music... !
Dont know why but it reminds me of the grange hill theme
this is pure shite. to say this is well written is an insult to all other song writers
この狂おしさ、美しさ、モリッシー節全開！やっぱり目が離せない存在ですね。ますます遠のきそうな、、、ザ・スミス、、。
FANTÁSTICA!
Childhood Modric is here
Moz is woke
Good song!
Pleasantly surprised and pleased, good track
Morrissey made music with High quality, thats why we don't expect nothing bad from him. He have the best fans in the world
Can't get enough of this
What happened to his eye in the thumbnail
Okay, so I'm not sure if I'm just getting used to the song or if it's growing on me, but I appreciate it more every listen.\n\nI like the lines on the media, although they do come out of nowhere (Moz always does that though, but there's always been a link regardless in the feeling of what he's saying. Here it does feel like quite a sudden jump, maybe that's just the instrumental). \n\nI like that it's a catchy pop tune with some not-so-pop lyrics which has always been Moz's style. It's so darn catchy, he must have gotten a few music technicians who knew how to make an ear worm in the studio.\n\nInitially I found 'Time, do as I wish' to be a bit arrogant, but I suppose it's about his depression and he's able to control it by sleeping and actually finds strength in that 'pillows like pillars', but I do wish this was used better in another song or gone into more as an idea.\n\nSaying he slept while people were out working hard is still very rude sounding to me, Morrissey does realise his job is in the music industry, right? May not be conventional, but it is technically a job to keep the machine turning. I mean just think of all the CDs, T-shirts, etc he's selling and propping up the corporate giants.\n\nThere are some parts that feel like he just came up with on the spot, like I doubt the line 'No highway, freeway, motorway' took him very long at all. It's lazy.\n\nThe song could have been better, but considering I initially hated it and now don't mind nodding my head to it... That's a big improvement. Hopefully the rest of the album is more creative and insightful and provocative in the lyrics department.
Moz, You're back on top,  What an awesome track.  Total genius
I spent the day on bed listening to this jewel. God-like.
ehhh... I want to hear the other stuff.   He still has the vocal chops.  However, the song is kind of meh.   Just because it is new Morrissey does not make it amazing.   I remember when Irish Blood, English Heart debuted as the first single off YATQ and Morrissey's 'modern era' debut and I was blown away.  This got me to listen twice to see if I missed something.  Sadly, I don't think I did.
it's just ok, not much to it really
Superb track,bring on the album,can't wait.Moz is God.
Esta canción la estaba escuchando cuando comenzó a temblar en la Ciudad de México este 19 de septiembre. Está bien vergas esta rola, Moz  <3!
Всем привет из Москвы, прекрасная песня.
Great song!
Viva la cheap virgin comments below!
Morrissey é Foda ......
Yep💪🏾
I love this.
Morrissey is simply poetry.....
Ohh, so good!
love it !!!
deus eh top
No busNo Brexit Upholding No Bailouts to BankersNo Ed Balls
...je öfter ich das höre...
Morrissey goes chaos magick. =P
anybody else getting kaiser chiefs vibes?
Hang the bus driver, hang the train driver, hang the weatherman
Woke.
HE'S BAAAAAAAACK
<3
❤️
What? Morrissey has friends? hahaha
No money
Moz
Bloomin brill ☺
Love it
Morrissey songs save my life
Brilliant song can totally relate lol
Very nice.
Cuanta verdad en una sola canción.
God bless Moz.
Many oasis fans in the comments I love this❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Yes stop watching the news, but realize WHO is behind the news.\n((( Jews.)))
Diehard fan but:\n- the genius he sees in Sam Esty Rayner for the more recent art and photography seems entirely misplaced. \n- Bus/boss/rain/train/emasculation/castration seems (purposely) a bit lazy, and leads the song to nowhere. \n- the message 'skip work ignore the news' is all very well I guess but not particularly inspired.
My very first impression was that this was not a good song; however, it was still fairly catchy and the more I listen to it the more I like it. I like that Morrissey is branching out musically, which is why I liked World Peace is None of Your Business a lot despite faltering in the last several tracks.
I'm just wondering when last time Morrissey was on the bus and last time he saw rain. He lives in LA doesn't he? But overall, song is quite good.
Hell In A Cell Hahaha . You got it Kevin Owens.
Plz do us a favor @Shane McMahon dont dive off the cell again🙄🙄🙄
Undertaker pulls Shane down under the ring, Shane is gone for a few weeks with the lights going out every time Owens has a match and next ppv the corporate ministry makes its return.
Shane McMahon Vs Kevin Owens At No Mercy Do IT
It's called wwe Shane, The word wrestling is in wwe. If you didn't want your kids to see it why you let them when they already knew the script duhh
When Shane said he was going to Dem him did he mean dm
Shane gotta be one of the best guys in wwe right now\nHe always puts on a fight with great wrestlers and do an incredible job on thoose matches
Lost to undertaker lost to AJ styles y'all think about this
I can't wait...but knowing the current WWE, this match won't be all that great
Isn't it crazy that Shane has 3 sons and Stephanie has 3 daughters
They had Kevin Owens never even come out?
Smackdown is so wack compared to raw
You know the show is bad when the only way to get good ratings is to have the boss fight
What about all those times Austin and Rock beat up the McMahons?
Calling it now.. triple H will come out and pedigree Shane
I love shane but owens wins 😥
If Owens wins, I stop watching.
This match better be good if  not this storyline is trash.
What is Shane looking at?? There are no people in the sections of the arena he is looking at
They do this so Shane can jump off stuff
Am i the only one who got chills throughout all the time Shane was talking?Like,you can see it right in his eyes that he's not joking anymore..
Didn't he himself order people to beat down McMahon on multiple times?
Oh NOW !!! Shane decides : daddy i love now because someone attacked you and i have to care about you now ,and your going to see jump off a cell again and pretand that we have a father -son bond😌😭 .........hhhhhh dude last year you said that you wished that your not his son and you said that you are ashamed
Now I think the only think left is Chris Jericho if he returns on hell in a cell I would be so excited for the smackdown after hell in a cell I am missing Jericho and his list
how much u wanna bet shane jumps of HITC
McMahon's will strike out with massive vengeance! Ha lol you definitely do! Look what you guys did to CM punk
Who threw a pie in Kevin Owens face .....
Anyone ever thought of a KO vs HHH possibility if Shane was still suspended?
Shane was totally Jules in this segment! he's gonna murder Owens....
Come on Shane you can do it you can beat kevin\nDo it for your fans and for machman family
I though he did not like vince
Shane should bring kane back to destroy Owens
This storyline getting deserving heat\nI'm lovin it\nBay Bay
I think Chris jerrico join with Shane or triple h
Wow, that's shane? I remember the days when he was a youngster in a black tracksuit lol
He looks very old and fat now
Shane looking at no fans on that side of the arena it's empty
Y fight when u can just fire him
>Shane promises to take Owens to hell\nYou said that about taker and look what happen
Tell Shane to take a trashcan, baseball bat
lameeeeee... \n\nvince should have build this more up
for real if they dont have owens go over ina brutal dominate fashion that should put kevin back in the wwe title picture then wwe is truly dead
Shane always delivers something huge, puts his body out there to be destroyed, I'll never forget that summerslam jump.
How much you wanna bet that they're gonna reinforce the Cell AGAIN?
Get ready for some big jump at Hell in the Cell from Shane, because his ring ability is taking a leap of faith which obviously always makes the highlight.
a terrible promo performance. no emotion behind it, was just like reading a script. way to not believe in your own product McMahons
what happened to his indefinite suspension
You made Kevin do it Shane. Do to your father you made him the heel you had to put your innocent father in this and your sister Stephanie they turned out to be you Shane, just like all of these WWE Universe people they turned to be you Shane, I see Shane everywhere I go to, Every place I see Shane the Devil From the transcendent of heaven Kevin angel descending to battle the devil that is you Shane. See you in hell Shane. Shane, people like Kevin can't go to Hell no, no. They go to heaven like the good angels does.
shane said in the beginning when he came to wwe that more new guys will get their chance, but they are always highlighting aj style, ko, randy. and he throws himself in every ppv matches
When the roster is so bad Shane McMahon has to return to the ring
Welcome back Shane you know it's time to bring the pain
Just shame Shane can't call on the devils favourite demon the big red monster Kane to help out just a little lol
could be a classic
Shane is going to beat an inch of Owens life Owens is finished in 3 weeks no place to run to place to hide 3 weeks KO You will pay for your actions I promise
It's all fake. Fools
Evil qur’aan (Proof in desc. and comments) ripping and my advice, if I am slaughtered! Like and RT\nhttps://youtu.be/szZTiavY-6A \nMany muslims are in delusion and they think they will get eternal pleasure for following falsehood!\n\nIf you are to evil to realise the evil nature of Islam there is nothing I can do! \n\nThe most powerful creator will exercise justice to those who are evil!
i like you Shane and i hope u do! i just can't  stand ko.
Don't cross the boss!
I'm hoping this feud builds to a Daniel Bryan return... Like, Shane loses, KO continues to beat him, DB comes in to rescue, build tension for a few months as KO becomes world champion again, then DB comes back at the Royal Rumble and wins it, leading to Daniel Bryan vs. Kevin Owens at Wrestlemania.\n\nThat is, of course, if the rumors of him trying to rehab is true.
0:16 \n\nHow would that make you feel?\n\nKevin: I fe---\n\nIt doesn't matter what makes you feel.
Anyone think this could MAYBE lead to HHH v. Owens down the line?
Never mess with a McMahon, never turns out well for you.
Good promo by Shane. I hope he colors up KO in Hell in the Cell.
It was good to see Shane McMahon live. I was there last night. He didn't greet the city of Oakland CA that just shows he's serious now. I can't wait for Hell In A Cell
I want to Dean Ambrose or Roman regins or Seth Rollins to fight  Shane McMahon
No Mercy on my birthday :D
Shane is too damn old for this
It's so rare that I see the crowd go silent.
They could make this way more exciting
Let Triple H do it he would beat the hell out of Kevin Owens
T
Shane of house mcmahon, is tyrian of house lanister
Vince dont make shane lose
Gg
Shane don't kill yourself agian
Hopefully Shane will win
Well done
0:17 crowd: it doesnt matter!
I'll kill Kevin Owens
DO IT
Awful...Just awful...
i hope  Kevin Owens kills Shane McMahon
Spoiler. Kevin Owens wins this match
ko komon in jring teneit
https://youtu.be/El2jYJ8UKiM
Where is h
This Week:\n\nSmackdown > Raw
Please Subscription This Channel\n\n https://goo.gl/qCepWV
Shane McMahon is awesome
Jajajajjaj no entiendo
Smack That ))
yall watch wwe? oboy
HELL IN A CEEELLL!!!
Shane DESTROY him
Stone cold Kevin Owens
Shane McMahon Shane McMahon Shane McMahon 👍🙂 boo Kevin Owens
a cell shane, a cell
Shane has 3 sons\nStephanie has 3 daughters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jJ47Oee3ag
Where is the Jinder Mahal racist promo?!?!?!?!?
The Lionesses top their group after matchday 1.
Is it me or do the English lady's play better than the men. Well done girls
So sorry to see Mark Sampson leave England Women's Team - THANK YOU for some amazing results and progress in Women's Football. My wife and I have REALLY enjoyed supporting and following the England Lionesses and their tremendous progress.
Too easy.
Why is this trending?
*BLYAT*
Then they go and sack the manager, what the hell..
who even watches this?
02:00 best of the lot.\n#Bronze
Everything about that first celebration is just wrong... They show unity but what about Eni Alike uhh ? Unity in keeping the starting spots.
pizdec
So, in light of all the rumours swarming around Sampson, all these celebrations look a bit... forced and rather dodgy, tbh.
Toni Duggan is such a great player
Why are there people on here complaining about womans football. 'Who watches this' 'womens football should be banned' 'Id care if it wasnt women' You dont have to like it but it clearly said WOMEN in the title, why bother clicking on it? Genuinley curious? Usually if i see something i k ow i dont like, i tend not to click on it.
Mark Sampson is such a great manager.\n\n\nOh wait...
1.45 failed hi five
Aluko and the other players making accusations against Sampson should be utterly ashamed. The ones complaining are the ones that are technically poor and so haven't kept up with the development of the game over the years under sampsons charge. Aluko was fast but technically terrible and like schoolboy football as the other players develop technically the poorer players get found out. Aluko and Sanderson are disgusting and cost Sampson his job and career, just because they cannot accept they're not good enough.\nThe FA are an embarrassment, when they decided they don't want anymore race coverage, despite him being cleared twice, they look through his history and find an excuse from before he even had the England job which all of a sudden is a sackable offence. #JokeFA
The crowd sounds so stupid.
0:10 Goal! Let's do one thing to secure our career, nothing is more important than our career *Everyone celebrated with sampson\n0:29 Sampson: that will do it, players support me, the world will think i'm innocent
Amazing Fran Kirby
Good girls
What a player frank kirby is... amazing... she deserved the player.of the match award
I just like watching women run after a ball
This is meant to be enterta.. I just woke up.
Just need Benny Hill theme tune over this
I support Tranmere
Tranmere rovers!!!!!
*Arе уоu lоокing for hot dаtes in уour neighbоurhоod?*

JLgUdZ5_CDg,\n *Thеу hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=JLgUdZ5_CDg_961313
these are the type of results a good manager with longevity gets you
3 out of 6 of the goals in this game are CALAMITOUS. Hilarious to watch...please dont pretend it's at a decent level. The fifth and sixth goals are simply LMFAO
how is this on trending with 11k views? just more evidence towards you just pay to get up there.
Like to see a game with the usa team.
I'm sure eni aluko will still find something to complain about
Then hours later he was sacked
*scores 6th goal* \nCommentator: And that will seal up the game\nI think it was sealed at 3-0
Check out www.makeplates.co.uk for car show/legal plates :)
Manager Sacked.
i mean its all nice but imagine Bailly and Rojo charging at them. The whole team would have to be stretchered off
Now Sampson is set to leave as manager haha
Hi everyone can you subscribe to my channel please watch my little boy doing football training thank you
Pity it’s the women
Good job, Mini Messi! Fantastic assists tonight.
Great performance by the girls. Cracking start to the campaign. Well done everybody involved.
Man Toni Duggan is a babe and good player too 😍☺️
Brits might won this football battle but Russians will always win the beauty war
First
Can't believe the fa sacked mark Sampson all because he dropped 1 player who didn't like it he was cleared twice of any wrong doing from 2 different investigations no other players are saying he did it England just got rid of the second most successful England  manager so good job
Women football shout be banned
I'd care if it wasn't women's football tbh
Why is this trending with only 7k views,
kirby should have gotten man of the match for that amazing performance. but they all played brilliantly so understandable that the commentators had a hard time choosing
Wow, finally Duggan scores and she's labelled a good player.She's an Heskey. She chokes a lot.Good game.
No such thing as England lioness bunch of Dykes
Ladies love to play with balls more than men 😂😂
Russia lost credibility all over the world after that doping scandal. It would have been better to lose honourably than to win and lose honour.
Reported for violent content
School girl level of skill
Great Lioness and beating Russia is great.
Preston park tranmere rover ground was empty and it was shocking game and under 12 boy team would wipe floor with russia and england team is crap defence with goalkeeper was comedy show.
Do It fOr ThE sOvIeT uNiOn\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMission Failed better luck next time
Why is this on trending. O I know libtube.
1:33 what a miss!
The women are better than men 👍
stop playing football
Good riddance Mark Sampson you racist scumbag
This one's a ghost story AND a bad date story in one!\nHEY GUYS I'M CURRENTLY ON BOOK TOUR & IT'S ALMOST SOLD OUT COMPLETELY so if you wanna come, make sure to grab a ticket ASAP! A couple stops you have to get a wristband day of, so check the site for deets!! IN OTHER NEWS, the first week of sales is CRAZY IMPORTANT for the NY Times Bestseller list, and you guys know that's my ddreeeaaammmm, so if any books sold by saturday counts towards it <33 ILY SO MUCH, TY FOR SUPPORTING ALL MY WILDEST DREAMS!! See ya tonight, Dallas! See ya tomorrow, Tampa!
Ok the dream thing was definitely sleep paralysis but it was also more than that too. Like I think something more was going on and the astro projection transitioning to reality triggered sleep paralysis and the continuation of the induced nightmare/hallucination/vision of your great grandma.
Who else paused the video to see the but on iTunes thing?
You look like Cinderella!!! Omg with the bun and the choker yasss gurllll love it ❤️❤️
I wish I looked like you ur beautiful also ur videos are awesome ❤️❤️
what the hell youtube I dont remember unsubscribing
HOLY FUCK! This is about a million times better and more fucked up than I expected. Like oh haha she probably saw a ghost in cemetery or something.... NOPE.
0:50\nGabbie: Anyone youve ever seen me with ive never been romantically involved with\nMe: (goes to the vlog where gabbie literally showed Zane her vagina)😂😂😂
Yeah this was posted on my birthday can I get a happy birthday
that happende to me a lot when i was younger. like i was awake i could see my room, but i wasent abel to move and i could bearly breathe. but i was dreaming at the same time (btw sorry for bad english.)
I do really like gabbie. Like genuinely as the person she is....or we see anyway. 😂 so down to earth and...nice
Ricegum- I didn't hit her
You're so pretty in this video!
Does anyone notice that out loud is playing in the background (not the signing part tho)
Something kind of similar happened to me I was awake and moving in my bedroom in the dark and I could still see my nightmare as if it was on a small TV screen attached to my vision. It stopped as soon as I turned my bedside lamp on.
God gabbie has really gotten herself together and she's so beautiful now!
I love this vid it is so fucking good
Gabbie:plugs her song multiple times\n\nMe:there is no such thing as plugging to much haha
GABBIE MY MOM WENT TO A WEDDING IN A BARN AND SHE SAID THERE WAS A CREEPY OLD LADY THERE
Why did she change the title???
Been awhile since I've seen your videos, you look good Gabbie😊
You already told us this.... Maybe for the new fans??
Have you told this story before??? I feel like I've heard this before?
How are u such an amazing person I'm a potato
I experience the same thing with my dad, he pasted last year
Gabbie's great grandma Haha oooohh I didn't mean to startle her. I'm crying xD
I'm pretty sure much of this isn't true but it's still fun to listen to and to take it as reality for a bit
love your top is kinda transparent and i can see your bra
Shook
I clicked so fast after I saw her hair not down n she  looking soooo pretty I like how she did her hair and makeup in this
I just read your book!! I've been going through a pretty rough patch and haven't even been able to open the package it came in (I preordered it, so I knew what it was before opening it) without mildly freaking out. But I actually opened it today and I love it and honestly it's helping me get out of my random depressive episode and I'm so happy for you and all that you've accomplished in the time I've been subscribed 💜💜
i use to have night terrors where is was awake but i kept screaming for my mum
I absolutely love how u put ur song backing rack in the background. 😘  I love u so much Gabbie😘\n(Edit: It shows a lot about the emotion of this vid)
Her background music is totally Out Loud without vocals right???
UH, you feel guilty about missing the funeral.  I think it was just a bad dream.  No special powers or astral projection.  BTW Mediums are a scam and should all be arrested for scamming people.
Casually puts her own song under the video audio
On April 19 2017 I had a dream that I was trying to cook breakfast but I didn't know who for. Then I heard this sound like echoing calling my name and I yelled out what ( because it sounded like my mother). And I was going through depression at the time and my body felt liked it just dropped. my body felt like it was heavy and it was dragging me down and it hurt and then I seen this girl who I was assuming it was my friend but I didn't know her and I've never met her. Whilst writing this my body feels heavy and I still feel scared of dreaming
I've had 1 sleep paralase and it scared the sh*t out of me
u look so pretty I don't believe any one would hate on u
I love her nose \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRandom
I love her so much she is literally goals
When did this happen?!?
This was so interesting !!! I loved hearing this xx
I'm so lucky with dreams about dead relatives bc in my dreams either my grandma appears to have never actually died or she's standing in a corner somewhere with darker Gray hair, smiling. As if she's trying to say I'm happy here. I don't have any pain anymore. ❤️🙏🏻
It's actually very noticeable if you want to run through the video again
Omg the part about the person being not quite what they are in real life but real enough to know it’s a certain person, most relatable thing ever lol
I can do it the same thing in my dreams
Should i start a youtube channel?\nI really have started to love you i want to relly meet you but i cant but i want  you look soo beautyful and you seem to be really funny and relly like me but cooler i\n\nInsta@7assu27
God please protect me and my family from this video \nAmen <3
I just played ur song over 200 times I'm addicted to it ur amazing and so inspiring keep up the good work I am listening to ur song right now!!!😘
When u put ur own music in the background to subconsciously get people to buy ur music😂😂. I swear I love gabbie but like I was sitting here thinking where the hell ive heard that beat before and then it hit me 😂❤️❤️
OMG YOUR BOOK IS SOLD OUT BUT LUCKLY I BOUGHT IT
Gabby! Wear buns more! It's so cute
the backtrack of out loud is kinda distracting me
Does she have a booger!
Are the white and peach colored books still available ???😩😩😩😩
Only thing creepy that happened to me is i was sleepingand i woke ip woth a ( i cant see it ) squishy warm but firm hand touching my head . I tried to swat it away but i hit something and i just hid in my blanket .
bruh no fuck no this video scares me\nwhy am I watchingnat night
Gabbie do another one of the phsycic story time
No one can understand how fuckig terrifying sleep paralysis really is unless they've been through it. Speaking from experience: fuck that. Your dream sounds fucking awful
 *this is the most scary, horrific, terrifing, paranormal story you'll ever hear*  \n\n\n*Rips of headphones and hides in a closet*
I love your song
holy shit is your new single ''out loud'' about your grandma????!!!!! im shook!!!!!
Isn't this the same story that you posted on April 20th?
You look so good gabs! Loved the story time it gave me chills!!!
I have had a similar dream experience and when I realized what was happening I got so scared I jolted myself awake. Most terrifying experience but I also kind of want to explore it more if it happens again.
Finally a story time!!!
I AM SHOOKETH GABBIE!!! But hey, imagine what would have happened if you stayed with that man.
Gabbie basically almost has about the same sub count as David, why does the vlog squad make fun of her so muhhh
Her hair looks great in this video
🎤But your just a ghost now
I love how out loud is playing in the background
I know what you mean. Sometimes nightmares have the most horrible feeling that you can't explain. A lot of the time it's not the idea of the dream itself that's too scary, but the feeling it leaves is horrific.
Gabbie looks so good in this video:)
Daaayyyum Gabbie! Looks like you lost some weight, you look so good!
This story shows that ghosts are demons.  Why would your grandma scare you to death to tell you something simple? Demons are always watching, which is how they know what's going on in our lives, and they try to manipulate, confuse, and possess.  Mainly they do this by attempting to get us to go to mediums in order to figure out what grandma really wants to say.  That's one of the easiest ways for a demon to get into a person's body because a channel gets opened.  Obviously demons are visiting mediums because grandma went to a medium with a specific personal message for her.  It's not grandma, it's a demon pretending to be someone else, trying to confuse people about the other side, and ultimately trying to get you to go to a medium in an attempt to possess you.
U look so beautiful ❤️❤️ like if u think gabble looks 🙌queen🙌 in a bun
(NEVER FOLLOW THE DEAD IN YOUR DREAMS) when I was in 8th grade I had a teacher named mr.simmons and he always talked about the super natural and one day I asked him about like dreams and lucid dreaming and astral projection and we had a whole conversation about it and he said something that stuck with me he said that one day when he was 14 he had a dream about one of his friends that had passed away in a car crash and the friend was talking to him like normal and it felt almost real to him and then his friend asked him to follow him and then he just woke up once he woke up he asked his grandma about the dream and his grandma told him to never follow dead people in your dreams because you are no longer dreaming you could get stuck in your dream and or something like that it says no matter how much you love them or care for them you should never follow them because it can be very bad and dangerous so be careful hun
Your song is so good
Your grandma worries about you so much. If you get into stupid drama your grandma will kick your but
Gabbie imma say somethin\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFUCK THE HATERS (im 10 lol oh srry no hate its just that i saw yo brah lol)
Is your grandma saved?
3:06 Promo
Ooh gabbie😍😍😍
You look so goooooddd 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
ALlalsksdjjd
I HAVE CHILLS OMG
You look sooooooooo pretty
That backround music though 😍😍😍😍😍
you look gorgeous
THAT'S CRAZY!!!
You look stunning today Gabs xxxxx
omg shes so skinny 😱
YOUR LOOKING BOMB TODAY!
50k till 10 mill
holy fuck
I'm out!
Kys
YOU LOOK SO FREAKING CUUUTTTEEE!!!!!!! I kill me! Ugh girl slay!!! <3
WHOS POPPING?😂😂😂 LMAO
It looked like shit. I don't want any movie to be shit and hope am proven wrong like Wonder Woman, but sometimes you can't help but say like it's bad from the trailer.
Thing about videogame movies is, that they mostly just pick the easy, uninteresting ones. Like wtf is special about Tomb Raider, its Indianna Jones, but with a girl. I bet they are gonna record Uncharted too at some point. The only interesting videogame movie was Warcraft, because thats an original world, and despite its flaws, I still like that movie.
Jeremy you are spot on with this trailer a solid meh
I like the shirt you wearing. Really I like it.
Your comment about your dogs shitting when you are not home......I know that struggle.  8 year old dopey Lab here.
Its a video game movie they are all terrible so who cares.
How was this even a trailer review, you were basically talking about your dogs...
I'm cautiously optimistic about this movie.
Of course she is the shit, Mcnulty is her father.
I'm with ya Jeremy
Tbh ...I was hoping you do punisher trailer review looks awesome .. but again tbh it does honestly looks good
I lost all cognitive thought the moment he mentioned Gypsy and Danger.
This role seems below Alicia at this point in her career.
damn! this review is deep!
I could see it being a high point for videogame movies\nBut that's a high of like, 7/10 at best
I just feel like the movie will be rushed... in the Tomb Raider game reboot, the first game was essential her being dropped in an unknown world and discovering shit while still being talented in survival. It would be nice if this Tomb Raider was survival based and focus a ton on Lara instead of the side characters.
I wanted to see the innocent fragile girl who almost cried having to kill an animal for food Origin Story... oh wait she's already THE Tomb Raider...
I'm just going to say it.  Love the holodeck shirt!
It looks decent I will wait to see more of it
I never look forward to VG movies but if they was to announce a God of War movie, I’d lose my shit
One question.. why her ?\nShe is the definite opposite of a badass
You could make a legit Far Cry 3 movie.. That story was awesome
You know what you can do J? Why not review Tomb Raider (2013) and Rise of the Tomb Raider?
Looked like a straight Blu-Ray trailer
looks horrible the game has better CGI and cost less to make lol
I totally agree, just play the damn game! You'll have more fun! I feel sad about Alicia Vikander, I mean, yeah she will probably get money and all but being in a movie of a videogame will probably hurt her career.
The trailer looks pretty good.
No one can Lara Croft like Angelina Jolie. She was perfect. This actress looks like Lara Croft the early years and I can accept that.
I hope they let her learn how to be the Tomb Raider. If she come out whipping the floor with people then ima be pissed. I feel like she will have very little to learn about survival.
Review the new punisher trailer please!
am I the only one that doesn't like the actor who's playing Lara Croft because she's doesn't look like in the video game in 2015 and the old games?
My expectations are zero but I'm hopeful
I'm trying to NOT have expectations. This works in real life, too. I do it all the time. Nothing will ever go right. Then when it does, boom! I love the crap outta Tomb Raider. One of my favorite games. I can not tell you how many times I've played the original game. I was 12 when that game came out. I definitely wanna see this. But I'm probably going to be cringing the entire time. Who knows! Maybe it'll be another guilty pleasure movie like the ridiculous RE films.
Dog shit! I expected a top class movie for tomb raider.....so disappointed. And i wanted to see her grow and become the tomb raider but clearly thats too hard for the producers.
Why do they keep picking games with cookie cutter stories? tomb raider is JUST indiana jones. STOP. Legacy of kain, Planescape Torment, GOD DAMN
Any one else reminded of the iron fist trailer or was it just me.
The first Jolie one was perfectly stupid.
I'm glad you touched on it, Jeremy, but it's really bothering me that they're leaning so heavily on the reboot for tone and visuals, but seemingly the plot is Lara Croft going on an adventure to save the world as opposed to Lara Croft going to explore some neat ruins or something and suddenly having to fight for her life.\n\nLike, that was a big draw of the story and tone of the reboot game. Lara obviously had some skills in survival and whatnot, but we got to see her pushed (at least partially) into becoming the badass who goes looking for danger.
Anyone else watch his review of the trailer before watching the actual trailer ??
More of your dogs
He went philosophical on this one
LOVE the names of those dogs! ;-)
First Wonder Woman now this anorexic bitch.
speaking of trailers..what about the punisher trailer?
Jeremy - Review The Shawshank Redemption, for fuck's sake.
I think it's a good idea to do reviews for trailers. So we know how to think when we see a trailer
say what you want about the original tomb raider movies but they were fun guilty pleasures. angelina jolie is lara croft to me. not this actress. she had the wit, charisma, charm of lara. alicia doesn't do it for me.
I wasn't impressed with the trailer. Not sure why, it just doesn't look like it'll be very entertaining. I'll wait for a few more trailers before I pass a final judgement.
At what point will the entertainment industry realize that video game TV adaptations are the better way to go, critically speaking? The first season of Netflix Castlevania was awesome and incredibly promising, Sonic Boom got very enjoyable by the end of season 2, and the Pokémon TV show is...well, I don't know if it's still on the air, but it definitely has its appeal. So I say we stop making video game movies and just start making video game TV shows instead. I for one would happily welcome a Bioshock TV show
Thanks for going philosophical on us Jeremy! Great message!
The best part was 3:15
It looks straight up awful.  The plot set up with her father asking her to basically go get herself killed to save the world from a Mcguffin . . . That sounds atrocious.
I'm totally with Jeremy on this one.  Saw the trailer, even left a comment.  Where the hell is the survivor aspect?  The point of the reboot of the game in 2013 was to start Lara fresh as just an athletic student who wants to follow her father's footstep because she believed that her dad wasn't crazy like the world said, and she's out looking for what her father has seen.  She didn't go out to there because her dad ask her to stop the bad guys!
2:04-2:13 Did the guy who's bent over to every MCU film & Star Wars cash grab just say that. Smfh
It looks awful. The Tomb Raider reboot is one of my favorite games. They changed Lara for the better, in my humble opinion. She started out that game as a normal woman and ended it as the ultimate survivor. And it was awesome seeing that change happen progressively, and I was really hoping that was the tone they were going for. But no, it looks like they had someone look at a supercut on YouTube of various badass moments from the game and built a script around that. I don't understand it. When Hollywood wants to make a good book adaptation, they look at what made the book great, and build the script around that. Changing what they have to, but if it ends up well, it keeps the spirit of that book while turning out a good movie. Same with comics, older tv shows, etc. But for some reason, they don't think they have to put as much effort when making movies based on video games and anime and I don't get why.
Dissapointed, typical big bad group destroy world, only you can stop them Like how do they expect that to be thrilling to the viewer? we've seen it done a billion times and especially when there's next to no world building why should we care so much? Maybe one day scriptwriters will realise scale isn't everything. Although i expect the action to be good
Wow, the behind the scenes trailer is SO MUCH BETTER at most any level than this one that it doesn't even makes sense they would go with the one they went.
The studios are like your dogs. We think they've learned not to shit on the carpet, but they do it when we aren't looking.
The definition of insanity is doing the exact same thing over and over again expecting a different result
Resident Evil 4 could be made into solid 2 good movies
Yeah yeah whatever, mlp movie in like 2 weeks, can't wait for you to give it a good review! :D
she does have the skills. I'm not excited either but I don't like when people are misinformed about her background
Dang it! I was so pumped about this being real and gritty like the new games, but once again they missed their mark. I hope the movie will be better than the trailer. Having said that I'll probably still see it since I love the actress and tomb raider games.
I thought it was a good trailer
I'm more concerned that her face doesn't look the part than her breasts size..
I'm kinda not sure about this movie
Jeremy got poetic af at the end lol
in the games lara struggles when fighting enemies she barely escapes some situations in this trailer the enemies are running from her being true to the game meaning pleasing the fans but making the critics upset the opposite way making us hate the movie but pleasing the critics games tend to have more freedom but movies there is a line on how much a directors can be free of pressure i get it its their living there is some directors who can make a good videogame movie from their boldness of story telling
🙄 give it a chance bro. And I was expecting assassins Creed to be shit. It could have had Denzel Washington in it
I like her look for Lara, but this looks very commercial and mainstream.
I expected the trailer to be awesome. General rule: trailers are epic and the film is terrible. If the trailer can't even manage to be epic, then why even bother watching the film?
Kek (＊¯艸¯) Have you play all versions of vid game on “Tomb Raider” ??? I played the hell out of it up til the one on PS 2 & the last film that had Angie in was so good implementing every crucial marks in the game. Most importantly the film was made in the tradition of “Indiana Jones”. I suppose this one copies most recent games ... ? I really hope everything turns out great for Vikander Y’know ???
Maybe the movie starts off when she's young and you do see her growth before her father dies!
She's not even hot like Lara. This movie is gonna suck.
wow...video game movies seem to have really hurt jeremy.
Yeah this looks like hot garbage.
It's gonna suck. That's what game movies do best.
agree, looks s**t
It looks OK. To me this movie, in order to be good, should take a different approach and really focus on character, and the mythology. Let us get to know HER. Make her somebody we want to root for. That makes the action sequences work, when you put the character that we care about in peril. If it's just all bullshit one-liners and one cartoon physics action sequence after another, then it'll suck.
Just because it's a video game movie doesn't mean you cgi the shit out of it
You're preaching to the choir here Jeremy.
Nigga if people do what you do in regards to videogame movies then nobody would've seen Batman Begins. The trailer was shit, let's be honest. And by that time Superhero movies had gone the way of Shaft. I'm not saying Tomb Raider will be good, in fact, I now it will be shit, but give me a break, man.
You know what would have been a better film? Two games in one...Nathan Drake and Lara Croft go on an adventure! This film looking terrible and Lara looks bored.
I liked Vikander in Ex Machina and she is a good actress for the reboot Lara. But the trailer looks like a 90ies movie to me with all the bad greenscreen and general cheesiness. The music was especially bad, so for me the trailer did nothing - except that it was good to see some Frost again.
Trailer didnt catch me and i did not buy Vikander as Lara Croft. Definately not the badass Lara from the old games and still not the just growing into adventure Lara Croft from the new games. She is just a well trained good looking but skinny girl in the jungle. With guns. Does not feel like Tomb Raider at all. Trailer has no soul to me. I dont believe in this movie. I hope im wrong.
Wait Richard Croft is alive in this?
Jeremy your shirt is awesome and so is your dogs names!
I think the main problem with the trailer is its editing. \nThere is no way that clip at the end of the trailer where she is buying guns ins't from the end of the movie.
pattern recognition lol, <3 JJ
That shirt. <3
Gypsy and Danger, nice Pacific Rim allusion.
Dude, best shirt ever.
I would gladly be dumber than two digs call gypsey and danger. Just sayin
Love your dogs dude
Nicely said brother lmfao
Cute dogs
Gipsy Danger!
NETFLIX PUNISHER TRAILER. REVIEW IT!!!!
I love your t-shirt!
Your dogs are sooooo cute.
These are really shit jokes \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHa get it
It's been happening for 4 fucking years I just saw a video from 2013 and we're in 2017 lol
were in a simulation, this player just having some fun
oi\nnow people are into people pooping and taping it\nWTF!!!!!\n\nBOMB THE US!!!!\n\nTHE END\n::))
What a crappy thing to do
When you think you can run home from Chipotle thinking you can make it but you don't
to get her to cut the... Well, you know...\n\nThat was edgy. hahaha
Oh man. I'd love to know this woman's identity. I'd create a website MadPooper.com and plaster this nasty woman's name, face, and news story all over it.
If a man flopped his dick out to piss the jail but a woman bears her arsehole a shits and it’s maybe kinda warn her before she faces chargers
I'd be mad too if some bitch dropped plunkets in my yard.
I want to see the video
What the fuck is this shit?
lol but when a naked dog shits in front of you it's just fine
I say some full auto paintball to the ass is much needed.
Your kids were crying. because of this? Fuck off and die you cretin.
Its a shit and run folks!
Instead of taking pics just follow her nasty ass home
She just needs the shit beat out of her.
What a nasty cunt! Especially if there are bathrooms near by. If she has a bowel problem, she needs to wear Depends! Seriously, wtf is wrong with this bitch?
She's a freak must be a turn on
The amount of puns! 😂
Honestly, there are things more important and newsworthy than this shit........... oh wait
No one ever has to deal with this shit
I guess she had the shit ran out of her
I hope when she goes to jail, that her cellmate and the warden both take lots of shits on her face.
I'd unload a paintball gun right in her ass crack... That would make this shit bitch very easy to find ;)
Reminded me of Jackass-taking a shit while running at full-speed video XD
To solve this run after her punch her cunt in there u go
I would eat it
She must have the runs.
Oh don't worry, in about a year time all of the feminists will be pooing outside because it's liberating and natural and whatnot. She is just starting another retarded trend.
lol i think someone has a fetish and trying to see if anyone would want to go out with her XD
Why don't she go to the toilet before going for he run🤔
its just lady gaga promoting her new album?
I'm all up for kinky girls but this is taking it too far!
At least she's not scheiße about it.
Where do these gross bitches come from
She really must have a few screws loose!!! What kind of person in their 'right mind' would even contemplate doing something like that?! That's soooo disgusting and gross!  Arrest her and lock her up in a tiny cell with a a stainless steel toilet and nothing else to look at for 10 years! If that doesn't get through to her - nothing will! That's just sick 😷😱😱😱🦋
I'm here for the poop puns
You gotta get schwifty.\nOh, yeah!\nTake off your pants and your panties.\nShit on the floor.
she has no proof  this woman has done it. She took pictures of a woman running and pictures of a pile of shit. now everyone wants to claim it happened to them. that town isnt that big someone has to know her. how the fuck is she getting into peoples backyards? do they not have fences. im calling b.s.
I've been to America... they all do it. i was shocked. America and public pooing go hand in hand.
I guess you can say that the jogger is in deep shit.
I reacted to it on my channel. Check it out :) https://youtu.be/AY5A4yWSFpM
Holy shit!!
So.. many.. shitty puns
Well shit...
Huh, I wonder if she would charge me to walk her around the park?
Eww wtf
STOP THE HATE! She is a Transpooper, all you right winged bigots need to stop excluding and start including. #transpooperlivesmatter #LGBTQP
Shoot her, let's be done with it.
1:32 blur shit.
U don't want to be getting into a smear campaign with this lady 😂\n\nPpl shouldn't have to take this crap 😂\n\nThe residents should call the poolice 😂\n\nThere's plenty of shits but no one's giggling 😂\n\nShe runs everyday? She must have a great pair of dungs ... I mean lungs 😂\n\nShe must be very poopular around the neighbourhood 😂\n\nPpl should praise this lady, she's the only one who gives a shit 😂\n\nI bet this lady is 33 and a turd years old 😂\n\nI heard the lady is woman of god.... holy shit! 😂
if this was a guy it would not be funny
meanwhile politicians and news channels smear shit in americans eyes and ears and they dont bat an eyelid
Who gives a SHIT!
There's just no need for it is there?
So... she´s a serial pooper.  Oh well... when you gotta go, you gotta go!!  All hands on poop deck!
Don't think it's a disorder. I think it's along the lines of some sort of deviant behavior and exhibitionism. The problem could escalate.... poopflinging
D E S I G N A T E D !!!
Well.. she feels like shit now!!
I'd 100% understand if it was payback to a dog owner who let their dog shit on her lawn but man this shit is just weird! If she shat on my lawn I'd follow her home and shit through her letter box (we have these in the uk, basically a hole with a flap in the door)
If there's something strange in your neighbourhood, \nWho you gonna call?\n\n\n\nShitbusters!!
she's homeless so she doesn't have her own bathroom. she pretends to jog so that she can poop there lol
Am I the only one that is reminded of bobs burgers? Yes? Ok... lol
everyday occurrence in india.
I see the funny side as dose the media and the police. But on a more serious issue, if a man was doing the pooping, would people be laughing?
The real question is ... why were her kids basically crying?
People ain't got shit else to do🏃💩
Why didn't the witness go outside and kick her ass? Its your house.Your lawn. Your kids watching. Naa people just wanna be on the news and have their 5 min of fame but can't do something at the time.
Becuase it's a woman, it's a funny and cute News Story. If it was a man he would be charged with a felony and be called a pervert/predator. Even Charmin is joking about it. They offered a year supply of toilet paper. Bullshit.
Whenever someone talks about someone having a shitty personality, I will always think of this! ;-)
Weirdest thing I've seen in a while, I *shit* you not.
Just came here for the comments 😂
She just doesn't want.her husband fucking this.cute runner so she decides to do a smear campaign on her....\nShow us proof  Any normal person would install cctv camera the second time
Did that say she was a jogger or a logger
The mad shatter
Her name is Robin Ophelia Quivers.
WTF WHY??????
Run, Stop, Squat, Drop, sleep, Repeat?
What a dump!
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
nasty scat bitch....runnin with mud butt.....fucking failure
Crazy bitch!!!
Public enemy number 2
PUBLIC ENEMY #2
Holy crap...... its not funny
bless her arse
why ?
Taco shits!!Or maybe to much anal!?
DESIGNATED
Claty bitch..😷
poop lives matter.
Something about this story stinks
God white people so grimey
Typical dirty ass Europeans
So unnatural to what our society does! We usually bomb other nations to obliteration, pooping outside is so third country.
I know several females who also are very similar to this female.  The mess they leave in public rest rooms is as gross as their explanation or self defense you don't tell me what I can or cannot do!  The jogger does look pooped, also a little skinny for this activity.  Fight back, everybody get together and monster poop on her lawn.
On,y on YouTube do you hear this kind of thing
The Springs Serial Sidewalk Shitter is a better pseudonym
Spot on! Keep singing Sam, you're beautiful the way you are. <3
TOO TRUE FOR  ME!! I DON'T OPEN UP TO PEOPLE IN THE FEAR THAT THEY'LL LET ME  DOWN. thanks for making this song!
Sam song is amazing but the video clip always show look like a gay
I Think Who is This ? \nThen I Realize Da Hell,It's Sam Smith
It's really annoying watching gays\nI like your songs but I can't enjoy watching them
Disgraceful propaganda this video is. Probably explains the low view count too. Really hope he stops making music or at least these propaganda videos soon.
his voice is so pure
Please find another link below\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Qad2ZoPLc-4
I love this song,I can't shop listening this song❤❤❤❤
Omg Sam looks so fucking different now 😍 and did he loose weight wtf where have I been!?
DOES ANYONE ONE KNOW WHY THE ORIGINAL SAM SMITH WAS ASSASINATED AND REPLACED WITTH THIS OLD MAN
I love this so much💖💖💖💖
this speaks for me right now. 💔
This song reminds me the last time being with my mother before leaving my country and losing my grandmother one month ago
I love this so much...
He's too good
Waited for a song like this for years...I'm  never gonna let you close to me even though you mean the most to me cause every time I open up it hurts..... Story of my life....
Gay campaign on it. what a sick world !!!
what a masterpiece. im blown away.
Sam smith 007 song figure was better hes becoming too skinny :(
Wow sam, you have changed alot over the year's!
really needed this song in my life rn. thank you for this gift!!!!!! just what i needed to get over my breakup.
Was here,still am!                   Loved u,still do just even more❤️
why does this relate to my life:( but i love it so back off all u haters who are being cuz ppl are gay or lesbian it's their life they can be who they wanna be gosh, listen to this song, and 1-800-273-8255 by logic it relates to this too.
Good song but why does it look like he going through something.. like some sort of depression ..,he looks sick at some parts of this video
The best thing i hear today
Damn.... This song is a miracle at work. This is amazing. Plz make more music for the fan!
How this song reflects why I won't let anyone in again... great song.
Couldn't hold my tears 😭 this Englishman knows how to make music 🎶 can't stop listening to it 👍
He lost a lot of weight 😮
I love this song
sam is so skinny. but these visuals are giving me jude law vibes
i like this song very much ❤
Who's here after a million views?
this is so beautiful!!
he looks like Kirk from Gilmore Girls
Adele should have featured on this😭😭😭
perfect video for a perfect song
This video is beautiful
Beautiful and very emotional song! 💖🌸 Thank you Sam! 🎶
His voice gives me the chills😩😍
He looked better when he was fat
He looks different,but i don't care. I still love his angel voice😍😍😍
Is that Casper lee at 2:55
the intro where he's humming reminds me of the one America's got talent auditions where some woman is singing
ma boi lost a lot of weight
Most beautiful voice in the world, plus he's looking great Look at that weight loss!!!
I'm lovin' this song 😍
Damn he's lost a lot of weight
Very impressed. Btw, he lost weight so much.
was hard to recognize him at first
U look so different,but i love it,,,Ur song are good too😊❤
Goodbye see you again at 1 billion views \n\nAgain ..
Finally a new song god Damm
He's the artist who changed my perspective about LGBT
Yaaaaass look at him coming back with everything!!!
What wonderful music.♥️
good voice
This is good 😍😍
Beautiful😭❤️
He's always awesome❤
Good
always slay
Wtf he is diff
Deep
Gay
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
Perfect
PLAGIATOREE
LWYMMD takes notes
Smooth!
Dat lyrics tho🔥🔥
dude.. why does he look sooo different..
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
💙💚💛💜
türkler koş beğene (like turkish pls) :D
What I needed
omg
Fuck y'all! N ur homo shxt... Messed up generation
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
waww sam, you changed :'D
💛💛
Daddy's baaaaaack!
OMG HE LOST SO MUCH WEIGHTT
mantap
Sam Smith baby😍😍
Those vocals. 0:18
Before two Thousand View
Perfection again!
disgusting fag
http://MoneyComeFirst.com/?ref=46700
I hate gay i hate lespain  ☠️
Welcome back beautiful👍❤️
He needs some milk
Gay?
♡
I cried
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
Subscribe meeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :(
dis song is very not good
Your jacket!!😍
I'm gonna be diarrhea for Halloween. jk. 😂😂😂😂
Yeah Polictics still ain't that great lol. I swear they are bunch of illiterates. I mean I just move on to, kind of not to put in as well... like daca is caca. See? really not worth the time. Back and forth coded insults, they are really a bunch of cowards. Not worth the time :)
Tbh these are my favorite types of videos you're just naturally funny
I've never seen one of these videos before but they are so cool!!!
stream of consciousness please tell us more about goose!
it's not me tickling your taint thanks Grace I wanted to keep that mouthful of water not spit it all over my PC
I do need a vacation dad. Are you free this weekend?
Here's my director cosplay: Goose get out of my frame. Goose. GOOSE GOD DAMNIT!!!
Others are back in school meanwhile my school holidays just started
You should not use q-tips in your ear holes.
keanu Reeves is 53. wow I'm definitely a pervert coz im only 25 and hv been crushing on him since 14.
Grace your makeup is fucking on point
yes grace, I am having a sucky time in school. Butttt im watching this so how bad could it actually be?
Your dad lied to you, Grace. I'm so sorry. The bats were swooping to eat insects around you / the pool. They don't want human hair and they have excellent flying and echolocation skills so they won't fly into your hair by accident! #freeallbats #batdefense
Bats do not make nests, from hair or otherwise. Your dad was either messing with you or not aware of this. The bats swooping towards the pool were probably swooping at insects that were hovering near the water. ... Bats are awesome, and it makes me sad when people are afraid of them. TAT
Well, stream of consciousness videos are great, because you always manage to subtly drop little philosophical thoughts and insights inbetween. And great jokes of course.
Actually those bat are just thirsty. They swoop down as close to the water as possible to get the fur on their chest wet then they fly to their roost and lap the water off their fur! It's how they drink. I don't think that bats would try to get your hair...lol! XD
For some reason when you said Keanu Reeves is 63 I pictured Shia Labeouf, and that really would be life changing! (but obviously he isn't hahaha)
Im going to be a slut for halloween.
im going as wednesday addams and my friend is going as morticia ayyyyy
Have you microbladed those babies? They on fleek!
Bats dont build nests, and never did or will. I am french
I'm gonna be a BAT for halloween ( watch out for your hair Grace, moahahahaha)
I kept hearing ass burgers love it Grace
I'm going to be Stewart from planet of the apes!
I love that audible is easier than reading while driving... sometimes... just saying
I have a feeling she's the same gabbie as she was on Vine... In that case. No thank you.
for halloween im gonna be unemployed
we like you just being you helbig ..............your the best
Love these random sounding videos....feels like we are having morning coffee together.    Hope that’s not too creepy.  🤓
I'm being grapes for Halloween.
30 seconds into the video and I'm already loving it! You're so funny, Grace!
because it's authentic. At least it's expected to be.
Did you know that Lindsay Sterling is on dancing with the stars
I'm dressing as Veronica Sawyer
For Halloween I'm gonna be something REAL slutty
The only problem with getting Adultolescence on audiobook is you miss out on all the fantastic illustrations Gabbie did for the book! Getcha hands on it if you can. I work for my county's library system and we got a handful of copies in. If you can't afford to buy the book check your library!
I'm being totoro for Halloween ^^
Grace! You are beautiful inside and out! Accept it ladybug 🐞
Was she on the walking dead? That girl named Jessie I think....
I do not know Which was said such a thing to the elderly
Speaking of stream of conciousness, can you read a couple of random pages from Ulysses? I think I'd be able to understand it better with you as a narrator. Or maybe not. You should still do that though.
just play the youtube provided background music and everything will be ok. Jesus, please save us from these typical videos youtube puts on the trending page.
Did you know that you forgot to finish putting eyeliner on the bottom of your eyes? They look kind of funny.
Do you like to eat pizza  if you buy a mixer you can make your own\nPlease do a live webcast-this is real life and you are amazing.
What did we do to deserve Grace? Life is betterer with her vids in it.
Is that a shirt on the gabbie show 1:55 or is that her chest? Why does it not match her face?
Just talk Grace. I'll listen
I'm thinking about being the Winter Soldier again this halloween
me and my boyfriend are being luke and lorelai
I remember when you started doing stream of consciousness videos on your dailygrace channel, I actually remember the very first one called stream of conshhhhsness.\n\nAlso, WHERE DID YOU GET THAT WHITE HOODIE?
I honestly don't understand what this video has to be on the Trending page.
a very nice video
I listen to your podcast so much I remember parts of some of them by heart and it's sad
I just like the way your mind works. I find it comforting that someone else's mind works a little like mine.
Bats don’t want your hair. They want the flies (and mosquitos, and other bugs) buzzing around your hair. They’re basically dive bombing the bad things around you like little, flying superheroes.
I gave this a thumbs up just because I thought it was sweet to give Gabby a shoutout
You need to do a tour of your place too.
6 minute video and 4 minutes of it was plugs..
I love the stream of consciousness videos because it just feels like listening to a good friend blabble abouy blabble which is very comforting in an empty house 👍
im coming out on halloween - going as the babadook
Found out just yesterday my birthday is the same as Himmler's, after saying, you know that asshole is probably a Libra.
that's moment ay tail you should
oh shit i just made you click...
I cannot escape the shit
Tell us Gracie. How about grass is green, water is wet, air is very light,  sky is blue. O, and finally, you are a mental midget.
Dear Future Grace,\n\nI'm not sure if you're aware, but it appears the ghost of John Belushi may have sneezed cocaine into your tear ducts... or you have oddly placed eye shadow/eye liner... either way, love your content!
Hey grace, can you please get a better mic for your videos? I feel like I'm watching an ASMR video I didn't ask for. Thank you.
Weweweeewew ☝️☝ Alayna Fenderr Reference
Tickling ur taint
Zane merch❤❤
Cute
I think i'm asperger
i kept hearing ASS BURGERS
🐽
I listen to Not Too Deep when I walk home from work. Excellent use of my time if I do say so myself!
Just realised my birthday is near too! And it's the same date as yours lol
First time watcher. Fyi-I thought you had grabbed an infant, but turns out, I think it was your knee, lol. Enjoyed this! Cya.
*your thing should be called The Face*
Celebrating Halloweekend!! and I plan to be Cruella Deville, Daphne Blake, and a dead
Reminded me a little of the good ol' DailyGrace vids. Ah, nostalgia.
Isn't anyone concerned about that 0:03 moment when she said OUR house?! Did i miss something? Is she living with mamery? Some guy? I want awnsers!
Are you related to McGuyver? ..............?
Wow this #38 on trending
Luscious
Aww she shouted out David dobrik christen gabble show and wear zayns merch. Such a cutie love u
im gonna be miranda cosgrove for halloween
I❤️streamOfConscVids
(Jumps from counter) (insert Idubbs meme)
Does she admit that she clickbaits?
Wtf is this on trending
‘Somethings I should tell you’ \nMy brain:\nShe’s going on holiday\nShe’s got a boyfriend\nShe’s got a girlfriend \nShe’s got a new dog\nShe’s got a new friend\nShe’s got a new dog that’s her friend\nShe’s gay\nShe’s bi\nshe’s dead\nShe’s dying...very slowly\nShe’s alive still\nThat sounded mean sorry\nShe’s a mum\nShe’s a dad\nShe’s going full on Daenerys and sleeping with her nephew\nOk I’m done
Chemistry is slowly killing me is it ok if I fail?
Using Q-tips in your ears actually push earwax down your ear more than getting it out xxx
Wait, so this video was stream of conscious? Then what are the rest of your videos???
Grace:  your Very Hot!  You should do your videos Naked.  Why do you have all that stupid clothing on?   Yes many girls will be jealous and unsubscribe.  But think of all the new male subscribers!!
i swear at 4:30 grace's knee was a baby's head
I just came here to say Fuck Meghan Rienks and Grace Helbig;) didn't watch the video;)
any small youtubers wanna support eachother
Due to the overwhelming response to this video, I felt it appropriate to give an explanation.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkAvnnFICE&feature=youtu.be
It's apart of Japanese culture. Basically the inclusion of Golf means he is with the switch and is supporting it. He's seeing the success of his hard work.
I haven't gotten a switch yet. Not connecting to internet till I do this
*Summoning Iwata's ghost intensifies*
I really gotta learn sign language.
Bru I’m pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
That's pretty creepy the way this is hidden inside without Nintendo saying anything about and the way you have to do Iwata's directly to you hand sign,  now now I'm staring at my switch all weird while playing Splatoon 2 LOL.
He died on my birthday.
I can't get it to woek
This legit makes me want to cry.
We miss you Iwata-san TT.TT\nMad respect for Nintendo for that easter egg!
Nar this doesn't work..
You know, I never believed my friend when he said an NES game showed up when he was moving around his Joy-Cons a while back. Interesting to know it was Golf.
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
How the fuck did you figure that out??
Goat fire brigade'  helps save Spain from forest fires\nhttps://youtu.be/ImFJAw2SnZg
I understood how the 3ds had all types of hidden games, but why would Nintendo make you summon a game?
Cool video paying your respects to him. 👍
i used to rock this game on my nes
Hey that's some pretty good asmr
thank you for posting this.
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
UAU.. Best tribute easter egg ever time...
Clickbait.
Oh man, I remember that game.
This is on trending
i'm not crying
So lets keep count of the amount of viewers that don't even have a Nintendo but still watched the whole video. 😄
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
Nice to see Iwata's name trending on YouTube..
I just don't buy it. Can't get it to work and it's too damn cryptic.
I like that Nintendo makes family-oriented products, as compared to the other companies.
He is the OA
doesnt work for me NOOOOOO i wanna play it
free game behind a dance-wall
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Eh, what? I don't understand how I can do this???
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
I'm very confused wtf is happening
I believe it's fake
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
i managed to find it thanks
This is some Ready Player One level shit
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
Wow that's one heck of an easter egg and a great tribute to Iwata!
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
So can this game ONLY be played on July 11th? Or does playing it once unlock it to play whenever? My Switch is connected to the internet so I can't check it myself.
I cry every time.
O mais impressionante é ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrário, provavelmente com auxílio de um espelho. Que cordenação impecável!
My heart.
For you
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
i got chills...
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
Directly to you!\n直接！Choku setsu!
Wow
Ya'll remember Lee Trevino's Golf??
直接(DIRECT TO YOU)
illuminate conspiracy 😂
#35 on trending congrats
#35 on trending gg
zen-like tutorial.
im crying real tears right now
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
God bless Nintendo, man
Wow your trending with 48 subs
Yoga at its finest!
Stuff that should be trending
すごい！👏
fucking moron can't speek? holy fuck wts is this? get cancer and die.
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
on my console it dont work :(
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
This video was made on my friends birthday
Holy moly can you speak or not?
I can’t get it to work. Help?
donget it, you just wave your hands around and the game starts?
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
face reveal?
How did someone figure all of this out?
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
Wtf is this on trending
Top 10 Creepypasta Rituals
Get a pc
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  😑
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
I just want to know how long and how many hand movement combos it took for him to find the easter egg lol...he has to know a designer
fake
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
Huh,,,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Stupid .  Why you no narrate
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Nintendo was so afraid of losing money that they put the shittiest fucking golf game in it rather than something that's good, good on you Nintendo
This looks devine! I can't wait to try this, but we are having 92 degree weather and too hot for me to have soup! thanks so much for this awesome recipe.
Laura I would love for you to make chocolate dough like cinnamon rolls with maybe a peppermint filling for Christmas?
Just made it with leftover chicken fajita  I just added the liquid and salsa and beans. House smells good.
congrats on the weightloss, you look amazing!
It looks hardy and filling, thanks for sharing
Laura, you life-saver! I just had light surgery yesterday and I was looking for something quick and easy to make for my family for dinner. This looks incredible! I'll be making this tonight!
Hey Laura! Can you please show us how to make hokkaido cupcakes? pretty please😊 Thank you!
Does anybody just watch these to gain an appetite?
Hi Laura, great job on being#30 trending video on YouTube.
Y U M. Colder weather here, we're making this.
Laura I was unable to find this recipes ingredients by the episode number or by the name of the recipe on your site😢. Will it be there soon?
What were the spices you used?\nSeems like that would be the most important part of the recipe.
Watching this delicious soup on first day of fall.
This looks delicious... where is the white bowl(s) from? I love this one!
ummmm...looks great
Make Menudo next!!!
I see why Americans are all obese 😂😂😂😂
In case anyone is looking for authentic Mexican food. It doesn't contain Cumin lmao
What size is that Dutch oven ? 6qt? Or bigger??
The soup looks realllllly good! I also want to know where the bowls are from! Love them!
Laura in my bed
I cannot find measurements of ingredients
Thank you for sharing!!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna try to do it this....
Recipe looks good but here is a better one from the Southwest..do everything she does except don't buy the jar stuff...use one can 10oz Rotel tomatoes with chilies. Also, make a roux first...then add chicken stock. Add Monterey jack, cheddar, a pint of 1/2 and 1/2. \n\nRecipe is from full moon Cafe in Oklahoma! Best chicken fajita soup ever..
Love that you gave the time and temp options for the slow cooker as well... makes it easy for meal prepping so I can cook one of your recipes on the stove while I have another in slow cooker :-)
Please, do some more one pot and slow cooker recipe?
Yum I will def be making this but with thigh, so much more flavour and not stringy
Perfect for this random gloomy LA weather thank you!!
can you please show us how to make dutch stroopwafels? :)
You should have shown us the chicken before you too it out.
I just saw you on Bobby Flay!!!!!! I was so excited lol
This looks delicious, but somehow I think the taste  is like chili because of the ingredients and the spices. Thanks, Laura I really enjoy your recipes, a friend from the USA recommend your channel and already 4 years I am a big fan and I bean learn English so I can write here, Is no perfect but anyway!!
Looked great until the black beans. Any subs?
I have most of these ingredients at home. Oh yea, making soup tomorrow
beautiful Laura...you have me drooling again...I can almost smell it..................pat
This seems perfect for fall, cold, and rainy weather. Thanks Laura
Girl...you had me at black beans. This is so gorgeous, can't wait to try :)
I am looking forward to this soup.
Why aren't you on the Food Network?
Laura. girl you made another amazing dish just made it for my self !! So good. \n\nI have a question can you make pesto lasagna I think it called Verdi lasagna. My friends made it for me in Italy and it was amazing!! But I look forward to getting your recipe.!  Kept it up. Have fun in Italy 🇮🇹
Thank you. I'm going to try this only use kidney beans instead I love your recipes.
Show us how big Mia has gotten!!
You can also make this with kidney beans
Hi Laura very nice 😊 need to try it...
Laura post the recipe !!! I just went and bought all the ingredients but what do I do now ? I know I'll mess it up 😂😂
Honestly Laura cracks me up I love this channel
im gonna make this in my instant pot on friday! :)
Where did she get the Dutch oven cuz I need one :)
Faith and foodies. Please watch and subscribe to my latest episode!!
Mmmmm can't wait to try this recipe when it cools down 😋 btw I love your insta stories ! Lol
Laura your channel feels like home
Wow. I am loving this camera. Never surprises how much of a difference it's making to the program.
Now i can't wait for winter...JUS FOR THIS SOUP 😋
How tp make that salsa at home bc its not available in our country in so much variety
YUM!    I make Chicken Fajita Soup my 6yr old loves it! The difference is I use chili beans instead of black beans and I add a can of corn and a can of petite dice tomatoes, going to try with the salsa next time I make it
Hey Laura, where can I get that red pot you have? I want to buy it :)
This looks amazing!! I'm definitely making this one!!!
Love this dish.And it's one of those recipes that you can get versatile with.
Making in my slow cooker for dinner tonight, house smells wonderful.
If you're impatient and don't have a lot of time get an Instant Pot. ;-)
Hi Laura, the soup looks great. I'll have to try it one day for my family. I was wondering when you was going to give us an update on Mini Laura it would be great to see how much she has grown since the time you introduced her to us. I am only subscribed to your YouTube channel. I don't do any other social media sites. Just asking. :-) BTW...can you do a chimmy chaunga recipe( However its spelled...lol)
Very good. I like it
Looks wonderful, thank you very much Laura for posting👍
Ran to the supermarket to get some salsa and now I'm already cooking! Looks delicious Laura! ❤
OMG i am going to try and make this over the weekend. Looks so good for these upcoming cold weather.
I thought she said 'on high for 46 hrs' 😂😂😂😂 looks soooooo good
Same here.....beans are life lol.....this soup looks fantastic!
Your videos have the best resolution I've ever seen.
This would be great with a rotisserie chicken.
Laura, can you make a lamb recipe please??
Add hominy for extra flavor, diversity, and servings!
Trending 62k views lmao what a joke
That looks really delicious😛 yum!
Yum
How did you thinly slice the chicken breasts?
Laura's👁👁are gorgeous❤️😍😍
Love your soup!! :)
Beautiful baby
Looks amazing
Omg. she lost so much weight 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
hello beautiful Laura🌹😘 I wanna taste your chicken fajita soup tonight..👍 Looks yummy😋
Mmmmm
Looks yummy. Can u do buffalo chicken frittata
Yummy
MAGICAL INGRIDIENT\n\nUNICORN POOP😂😂😂😂😂🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Looks great!!
That looks good!!
Super delicious😍
Gonna make it soon!
Fantastic.
You're trending'
Laura, can you show us a recipe for fried clam strips and Brunswick stew?
Laura, where can I find those bowls?  Those would be great to have this winter for soups and gumbo.
I can't find the actual recipe😕 I bought everything to make it but don't know how much of what lol
I love b!ask beans too. I only use them in bean recipes.
My fish died:( like I’m dead serious:(
Perfect for winter.. can’t wait to try .. but how can I substitute chicken to a veggie version..?
Or on high, for 46 hours.......okay.. If you say so... XD 3:23
Looks soo good but sooo much sodium
Is she pregnant?
WHOS DIGGIN THE FALL LOOK?! I cant wait to film more OMG!
Get it manny 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😍😍😍😍😍😍
Gay
you are sooo cute yas girl
Fall time manny is my fucking JAMMMM 🌙❤️
I love tutorials Manny
YOU NEED TO REACT TO YOUR BEAUTY COMPETION!!!! SPECIFICALLY SIMPLYNAILOGICALLLLLL
SO FUCKING SEXY!!!!!
I love u ❤️
AUTUMN
Drink every time he says grungy
Intro song?
Full face using mac lipstick challenge ?
Jesus
Freak
FUCK IT UP MANNY!!
Gay.
Love...love...LOVE !!  You Go Many...! ❤ ❤
I like tutorials better. I could watch makeup tips and tutorials back to back
UGH... i love your fall makeup looks SOO much.
I hate the gays what the fuck is this get the fuck out of our country
I've actually stopped watching YouTube as much bc it's nothing but reviews. I personally prefer tutorials; there's something therapeutic about it🤔. So THANK YOU!!!
This is just my opinion: I think people prefer reviews cause we trust your judgement and you save us money from this that end up being fails. With tutorials, me personally, I don't watch them UNLESS I have similar colors. IF I see a thumbnail that's like REALLY nice and speaks to me, I'll watch it and if I feel like I like it than I go buy the colors. I think a lot of people are like that
Honestly I'm so over all these review and first impression videos. I much rather watch tutorials!!
I will watch a tutorial before I will watch a review.... everyone does their make up differently. It's so nice to see different ways you can try to apply make up, it gives so many choices when something doesn't apply the way you want it to.
I definitely love tutorials. I almost prefer them over reviews although reviews are helpful too.
Interesting about the views, I personally am more inclined to watch tutorial videos, I hope you make more soon! 🤗
I like reviews up to a point. I like to know if a product performs as well as the package says it does. I like to hear thoughts on a product after it has been tried for a while so I can judge if I want to spend my money on something new. That being said, once I buy a product, particularly eye shadows,  I like being able to look at different ways to use them to create different looks and maximize my purchase. I just wished there were more tutorials for work appropriate looks. I don't get out much LOL, but if I get the chance I have a zillion options for looks. Not so much for everyday🙂
I definitely love tutorials so much better then reviews! Sometimes your reviews on the crazy makeup are hilarious but I'll never get tired of watching a tutorial. I love to see all the different products you use for your foundation routine and how you change it up because I'm always trying to improve mine. I got into watching beauty youtubers because I just wanted to watch and learn from their tutorials. I'm sure they are time consuming and annoying to edit but I love them and when you do make them I'll always watch! Xoxox
I like when a tutorial adds a new product because it's more real life. Like let's see if this is a complete disaster and if we can fix it cause I don't have 25 min to re do my makeup cause I have the kids to pick up lol
I love the Fall too but over here we call it autumn.  Love buying all the new makeup looks.
that giggle AT THE FUCKING STARTTTTTTT.... SLAY BITCH. LOVE YOU TOO THE MOON AND BACKKKK
Manny! I love tutorials and all your looks it is about time you make a tutorial! 👏🏻🙌🏻😍😘💜💗💜💗
F U C K  M E  U P
This is beautiful! Can you do some more grungy looks, and also try out some looks with the new saint&sinner palette.
YOU SHOULD DO FULL FACE USING ONLY FOUNDATIONS *CHALLENGE* ily beautiful 😍😍😍❤❤❤❤
this looks exactly the same as your all your tutorials x.x
I love that you're doing a tutorial! There's only so many reviews you can watch and I NEED the inspiration for work looks in the morning!
You should do a bratz doll makeup challenge
I'm sorry i feel like the color choices are off. I can't stop laughing 4 some reason.
I think people have been watching tutorials for a few years now and have all pretty much become “experts” on the HOW TO part of make up. Now people just want to know WHAT TO buy or use. I personally still like tutorials but I think that’s what has happened now in the beauty YouTube community.
There is always people wanting to learn tips and tricks and there are beginners wanting to do make up but not knowing simple things .. tutorials are always needed and I think you tubers are forgetting that !
You look AMAZING as always baby. I prefer tutorials, but I know you gotta make that mad ca$h. Maybe combine a GRWM with a tutorial, or incorporate a new product review (palette, foundation, eyeliner, etc.) at a point in the tutorial. We all know a bish gotta hustle, call it whatever you need to get them clicks but PLEASE keep giving us tutorials!!!!
I normally don't comment but here I am. Please do more videos like this/how you used to. I used to love watching your tutorials bc you would still have that manny sense of humor and still give tips and tricks. No offense but I will never use stamp on eyebrows eyeliners or whatever the hell people are experimenting with nowadays. Love you!
Wow so many closeted gay men obsessed with compulsory heterosexuality came for you on this video, Manny. It's hilarious. They're lashing out at you because they're actually dying to get with you, it's a thin veil. Anyone who understands gender and sexuality studies can see through their nasty comments right away lmao. Anyways you look so cute and I miss the tutorials! Also I feel like you could lowkey wear this look to a Halloween party if you don't like dressing up in a costume but still want to look snatched????? Kind of like goth grunge fantasy? ¡Te amo, hermano!
Im really into tutorials so plsssss do some more !!!!!
I’ve noticed that tutorials are leaving and I hate it!!!
Do you ever just put on makeup for no reason late at night
is it gay if i got hard
I prefer tutorials too. Reviews are nice, but we want to see how to use the products. 😀
Juat join the manny mua squad 🙋🏽 love this video
Sorry. I just got in to tutorial videos, so of course the trends are changing. I still need A LOT of help. Please keep these coming.
Is the person a boy or girl
I really miss watching tutorials because no one is doing them anymore :( and it helps us who are still learning about applying make up! But it is also interesting to review product while you are doing a tutorial
Uploaded My 2nd Video Today!❣️🙄 Go Support? I'll Do The Same ! Like & Subscribe !!! ❤️☺️
BITCH I MOANED AT THE THUMBNAIL
I love it!! You are amazing!!💋
I love watching tutorials. I know like fuck all about putting on make up so watching folks like you helps me to learn what I'm doing. So please keep playing around with looks.
I feel you with the hoodies
I LOVE make up tutorials. I enjoy seeing people's make up talent, so please get creative and have fun!
I love you, your so cute keep up with the great videos on how to do makeup your amazing at it.
I love watching your videos either way!!:) love this look!!!:))) your amazing!!!
Honestly Manny I'm here just because of your personality.. I don't care about your content or what I want to see more of. You're such a lovely person and I can watch you not matter what your videos are about. I usually just have your videos playing in the background when I get ready for work in the mornings because the conversations you have with us are just so genuine I feel like you're getting ready with me! Keep doing you boo boo we all love it 💕
I want to punch all of these haters in the throat ! I love watching your videos and it's not all for the make up. You brighten my day , make me laugh and inspire the bravery in me ! Thank you !
Manny you could put finger paint on your face and I would watch you.
whatever video you make, i'll watch.  i freakin A.D.O.R.E. your funny ass Manny ;)
I think that the makeup industry itself is oversaturated in every way right now. And that's just because there's such a huge interest in it nowadays! And that's awesome! The people who prefer reviews are probably already fairly skilled in their own makeup artistry, and find those videos more appealing. But there are newcomers to the YouTube beauty guru world every day! Hence why keeping makeup tutorials in rotation essential as well. I love em all, and will watch you regardless! My vote is just keep mixing it up! Love you Manny!!💜💜
I like full face tutorials. From skin care to primer to eyes and face and everything else. Beginning to end. Love those videos! 💖
The people who love watching you don't care whether it's a review or a tutorial. I personally prefer tutorials because I'm able to see how the products perform but I'll watch every damn video you make. ANDDDD your makeup always slayin and we gotta learn how to slay too. Love you Manny ❤
Whenever people come for Manny, you already know us fans are gonna attack 😂🙃
Tf
Who's she tho Hahaha coño 🤤
MANNY. I am one of those people who can't with that laugh in the beginning. BUT. Now that you're being a BOSS about it I FUCKING LOVE IT. HILARIOUS!
I love tutorials still! I miss them! 49 on trending!!!
I honestly love you so much but that little laugh at the intro makes me cringe sometimes, so I really enjoy when you do some weird effect on it like in this video. For real NO HATE NO SHADE just being honest. I really love you do 😙😙 you are a fucking QUEEN 👑👑👑
tutorials PLEASE I'm so tired of reviews. they're all anybody does anymore :( this is the first tutorial I've seen by anyone in weeks
i love the eye shadow like it's da bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tutorials were how we got to know Youtube personalities in the first place! I hope I am not the only one who loves a heavy helping of tutorials
This nigga gayer than a bitch
FAGIT PUSSY
Gayyy
What's happened to this country and site. 😐
Dude. Go buy a welder, do a shot of whiskey and leave this shit to the ladies.
WHAT ARE U DOING MAN?! GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER AND BE A MAN.
Omg\nWtf \nDon't even. Not cute
His parents really messed up naming him Manny
Why is the classical male behavior dying !?
I'm going to be honest your gay
More TUTORIALS please 🌙✨✨
Jesus Christ you beautiful creature! SLAAAAAAAYYY! 😍😍😍
Love this 💖
How is he so fuckin gorgeous? 😍😩
It makes me sad seeing all the judgemental comments about a man doing makeup. I usually don't see these :( but just makes me sad! He has such a talent and people only care to bring others down. He's not hurting others so why are you so bitter? Did you watch his intro? Don't fucking watch it.
Are you gay?
😍😍😍😍
i dont care for gay people, to me there basically just like any other person, but these kind of people i hate. they are dudes and they go around in womens clothing, makeup, and a voice more annoying than a pre pubescent minecraft youtuber. you like guys, ok thats fine but dont go around making makeup tutorials or anything to show how much cock you like in your ass
Nigga you so gay..
Q asco
Only gay guys watch this
Why is this shit always trending?
She looked so freakin beautiful in this scene!!
Why is this video not available to me?
I'm confused... Why did they upload the whole video again? And not just the behind the scenes??
she is the queen of snake, but she don't eat mouse . she is in the next level :0
I wish I was the mouse xD
I love how she came up with the idea of sending the mouse into a training. LOL
Did anyone notice the snake on  her upper right leg in the cage scene?
0:39 or Three times Thirteen seconds in. ... This is why we adore Tay-Tay so much, and now she has a new little friend. The next magic multiple of 13, is 91, the first pseudo-prime, because it looks like a prime, but is not. it is 130 - 39 or 7 x 13. then after that is 169 or 13 x 13. one of the Magic Squares. One, & One are the first two squares, next is Two times Two, then Tree time Three, Five times Five, Eight times Eight, and next Thirteen times Thirteen. 0 + 1 = 1, 1 + 1 = 2,  1 +2 = 3 etc. 0,, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144.... The Harmonic Series, sometimes called Fibonacci Series. When a plucked string is divided by this Golden Ratio 55:89 or 89:144, etc. Called Phi. in Greek Numerology. Both strings resonate in musical harmony.... All of life is related to Phi.
bc EVER put the music video??????? is INECESARY
Love you taylor 😘😘 you are amazing 😍😍😍
Why the hell do they keep putting the music video in the BTS???
By way, why they put the music video after behind the scenes of LWYMMD of the birdcage?
WAIT THERE'S AN ACTUAL MOUSE IN THE VIDEO?????
The more you ask for your soul the cheaper you look.  Nice bird cage.  You are a canarie.
she touch a rat
How does Jacksfilms have more subscribers than Taylor Swift?
Taylor is so cute with the mouse ♥
I love taylor swfit so mush ♥♥ I love your voice
for some reason the video is not available in other countries 😭
...Ready for it part haha
The lyrics for Taylor swinging in a Gilded Cage don't make sense:  You asked me for a place to sleep/Locked me out/ Then threw a   feast.   WHAT!?!     STILL haven't seen an explanation  anywhere.    Any Theories? .....  Anyone?
Why it says This video is not available?!
taylor: old taylor is dead\nalso taylor: your eyes are closing like my cats do
ITS IN EVERY SINGLE BEHIND THE SCENES, she play the ENTIRE music video in them... I hate this.
wtf why they played the video over and over again
So, they made several clips so that they can get more ad revenue, and put the song at the end of each clip so that the video can be long enough to get enough ad revenue?
Goshh this video is not available in our country! Ghaaaad
I never realized the mouse
Who's this scene about? The giant birdcage reminds me of Miley's Can't be Tamed, but idk 🤔
We need a Taylor Swift training facility for mice lol
Why can't I see the video😢😢😢
why was there a mouse
That's why I love Taylor, she's beautiful, talented and loves animals
WHY ARE ALL OF THESE UNAVAILABLE IN MY COUNTRY?
The part were she was with the hampster 😂😍
It's not available in Malaysia 😭💔
+1 for the rat and training center :-)
We're gonna have to send you to a training facility Taylor to cute rat - 2017
I didn't notice the mouse until I saw Tay petting it xD
literally uuugh~ Um. I'm great. I'm good. \n.\n.\n.\nWELL TAYLOR WE'RE BEYOND GREAT RN WITH THESE BTS THANK YOU SO MUCH
Miley Cyrus Party in the USA inspired?
Taylor and Katy finally made up. I love how she featured her in the video!
I AM IN LOVE
The new Taylor might be really weird, but she still loves animals 😍
This video is not available :( whyyyy
i didn't even realize there is a small rat in this song until i saw this vid.
how to make more money = Put  different parts of behind the scenes
Now I'm looking for the mouse.\n\nTHERE'S REALLY A MOUSE THERE!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂\n\nSo adorable!!!!
not available 😢😢😭😭😭😭😭 im literally crying right now
i dont care what people are saying \ni still fucking love her
why the video is down why?!
I cant see it
This was my favorite part of the music video
Damn Taylor., how many more  bird  cages bathtub  screen shots,etc, do you singers have to do. what does that have to do with singing?  or music everyone knows it is  part of that fake illuminati crap. if these second city scam a dollar artist were really illuminati., they wouldn`t be copying the same old bird  cage/bath tub scenes.they would be enlightened enough [thus illuminati~enlightened ones], that they would come up with something new. But the sad part is. With your industries misguided music these days,  artist  have lost a complete generation of listeners., TODAYS GENERATION LISTENS TO OLD MUSIC ON [LP] LONG PLAYING  RECORDS , BECAUSE THEY DON`T  WANT TO LISTEN TO THIS SAME OLE ,SAME OLE CRAP ANYMORE.And the sad part is no one in the entertainment industry is getting it., not even you Taylor. you used to be a singer/ musician. not part of this retarded hollywood circus. Is every Song about halloween to youpeople, 365 days of the year? you would think someone making money and famous , would have something sometimes happy to sing about.hunh?
What does the birdcage represent?
she manages to pull this off so level headed. genius.
why i cant watch it? can someone tell
This was my personal favorite scene like LOOK AT THOSE BOOOOOOTS
If you look at her hands when she was petting the hamster, you know she always pets her cats :p
wow, I never noticed the little rodent before!
when the old Taylor is still alive behind the scenes
why do they keep putting the whole music video in these vids??
Great! It's gone
When Taylor whispers to the mouse that her cats would totally try to murder him.\nYup, that's what cats do. \nOlivia might have a guilty conscience but hardcore Meredith would pull out her tommy gun and kill 20 mice without blinking an eye. She's a trained killer that Meredith
Lmao I really wanna know if she took the rodent home now!!
I heard that the bird cage is representing something satanic. Is it?
Why so short??? We need more bts
Hey Taylor, we have the same phone case ❤️❤️❤️
That swing is super cool , I hope i'd be able to be there at least once in the life time ,<3
When she said oh my god at the begining am I the only one who thought of Janice from friends
She really looks like madonna in this scene.
The video tacked on to the end of all of these making of snippets seems odd...
*i just covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. thank youu*
Taylor looks stunning in this look ❤️
ARE THEY REALLY JIPPIN US WITH THE 30 SEC CLIPS HERE lol
Does this remind anybody of Miley's I Can't Be Tamed?
é sério que o taylor nation barrou a própria taylor?????
No disponible :s
I DIDNT NOTICE THAT MOUSE!
Una copia descarada de Rumors de Lindsay Lohan 😡
the rat tho Omg so cute
Ur really amazing taylor
0:39 Adorable! Aww!
YESSSS 13K :)))
0:39 to 1:10 haha.\nSo cute omg.
I hate rats!
woow,i love taylor coz shes crazy.\nshe is so good at cuddling,mouse eater hahaha kidding
Crap music
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1710358122329872&id=100000671014354
gotta learn mouse-fu
Nice
Amazing
anyone before 1million?
Too Short!!!!!
WHO CARES!?!?!?
no habia notado el raton hasta ahora xD
Dona algo$$ para tus fans mexicanos
Em không xem được!  huhuhu
This is Taylor's personal page and you are only able to watch her videos on a laptop or a tablet. So no  phones sorry everyone. But lucky me in Australia I can watch on my laptop so good luck everyone.
Okay but why not make one BTS video with all of these shorts and without the whole music video?
YOU'RE MY NUMBER ONE GIRL CRUSH TOO! Xx
Awww you are so sweet xx  Loved meeting you both and real talking about home births and YouTube stories :)
Lily... YOU HAVE TO STOP with the whole '...I'm not as cool them'... because you are! You are so cool and unique and so beautiful! :)
New York is my dream!!! You are so lucky!!! But Lily please don't cut pasta!!! ahahaha xoxo from Italy
3 day trip to NY, cashmere sweaters, books, cookery classes and other expensive gifts just for a lipstick. A lipstick.  Isn't it all a bit vulgar? I understand your job is going on these trips to promote a product but it makes me think less of Bobbi Brown as a company and I wouldn't purchase their products.  \nMaybe I should direct this at Bobbi Brown and not you but incase they are reading....
OMG loved this vlog!! (You didn't seriously cut your pasta with a fork and knife?! Italian viewer here 🙋🏽lol). Apart from that, it was lovely!
it seems so cool to be a blogger!!
Totally in love with this vlog, :)Xx
Not sure if u know but Eva is Susan Sarandon's daughter 😲...... I know she looked familiar😄
I've been following Geneva for YEARS! I first followed her (almost 7 years ago!?) bc it was so hard to find a HK-based blogger. I'm from HK and living in Sydney now so every time I see her Instagram/blog posts it makes me feel a bit closer to home x
Hi Lily! I'm more mature than most of your followers so I picked up on your use of homely. when you said ...homely and lovely... to describe the Crosby Street Hotel. Here in the U.S. homely means unattractive. The British definition is cozy and comfortable, like being at one's home. Isn't that wild?!
The straight person's concept of girlcrush is confusing to me, as someone who legitimately has crushes on girls lmao
holy fuck jenna lyons\ntell me she was the best ever
Nice video i like its creation\nplease subscribe my channel\nhttps://youtu.be/qk-ekQuK2Gk
LOVED THIS VLOG SO MUCH!! Xx
I don't usually comment on videos (or watch ads) but this was beautifully executed and you seem so happy. Such a pleasure to watch ♥️
Watch  my first  vides
Bobbi Brown tests on animals...so not really interesting for me :/
Oh my goodness. Jenna Lyons!!! She revitalized J Crew. I wish she was still with them.
Loved the vlog! X
NICE!!
The quality of your vlogs just keeps getting better, Lily!
Had my daughter's bat mitzvah at that hotel. It's a wonderful, little gem here!
ah Lily!! you always make me smile!!!
Your hair looks STUNNING in this video! Xx
Of course Anna is your girl crush, and the two of you are my girl crushes!
I've been looking forward to this vlog! Times have been hard lately for me but watching you, and Anna, and your honest and real friendship/adventures gives me so much joy. I want you to know that ❤️✌🏼
2:50  Wow, that index finger!... It's soo long!  ˆ◡ˆ
Lily - Oreos was making pop-rock oreos! You would love them if you love popping candy!
That outfit is gorgeous 😍❤️
Soirée means Evening in French but we also use it to say 'evening party' like 'I'm going to a soirée tonight'
You can really tell when you do ads with brands that you work together to make it very much like your own content.. Really love it! 😊
Soooooooo nice! One more week and than I'm off to the big apple! 😚
I love those vlogs Lily x Anna & you are the ultimate babes <3
Loved,loved this vlog Lily. lovely to see someone so humble and say how lucky they are. Going to re-watch this again for all the good vibes it gives. Well done x.
Cheers Lily!  Your day in Brooklyn is my next date day with my hubbie!  You need to grab the new East River NYCferry next time you are here.  $2.75 a trip and great way to see the city.
Loooooove this vlog Lily! can't wait to check the lipsticks out!
Love the music in this one, Lily! xx
I was in Dumbo just last week by the bridge and carousel and it truly was gorgeous...and peaceful! What a dream trip and the candy floss matches your Alice + Olivia dress 💕
What a seriously enjoyable vlog to watch, such a great mix of clips and the 'AD' part was well integrated and natural. Anyone that has followed you for a while known your love for Bobbi Brown and that makes it even more genuine. Adore the Alice and Olivia dress!! x
I loved this vlog so much! NYC is my favourite, and it was so nice seeing women supporting women 🤗 looked like a super fun trip!
Great city
Your hair looks amazing ❤️
Awesome VLog Lily...love it!!!
Beautiful vlog :D
Well, I was girl crushing on both you and Anna the entire vlog! X
Yes Lily, it's Ganni like you said it, at least that's how we pronounce it here in Denmark. It's a Danish family-owned brand ;-)
Love watching yours and Anna's trips together! I think my fantasy New York to-do list is just yours and Anna's recs!
This is such a lovely video and inspiring in a way. The theme behind the brand is amazing and the fact that it leans towards empowering women and encouraging us to find other women to admire is a beautiful thing. I hope to hear more about the lipsticks, maybe you can do an updated video for fall lipsticks or moisturising lipsticks since going towards winter our lips get more drying, at least mine do. It becomes almost impossible for me to wear matte lipsticks, it looks like my lips are falling apart and I tried so many chapsticks, now I settled for Burt's Bees, the vanilla flavoured one and it's pretty good if anybody has dry lips.
Jane's carousel! I'm sure it's the oldest in the world or something similar! I got a tattoo of it to remind me of my fave city.
This is such a great vlog Lily, the ad content is tastefully done and I loved that dress on you!
The editing on this was so goooood! And the music choices too! 💕
So cool Jenna Lyons was there! I love Cat Bird, just got my wedding band from them ❤
Just a heads up about your dress! I have the same A+O dress and the fabric is gorgeous but so delicate. I unfortunately had to exchange my first dress because it started to shred around the arm hole/fray. It's beautiful  but I don't want you to have the same issue I did!
i loveeeeeee geneva, she's so talented and she lives in hong kongggg!
Wait? Did you really just cut a noodle? Anyone else do that?
I really really enjoyed watching this vlog and the music you chose. Well done!
You and Anna are my girl crush!!!  💕💕.  I just love your  vlogs you look so beautiful! 💖
What shoes did you wear with Alice and Olivia dress?
Jenna Lyons is def one of my girl crushes.
i really love the new way of editing the videos ❤️❤️ xx Keep it up loved it xx
AWW i love your looks here also, shipping the lily-anna friendship ALWAYS <3
Awesome topic for a trip!
Loved this video!
You are amazing lily ❤️❤️❤️
I spy Jenna Lyons! 😍
love the women uplifting each other, girls supporting girls!!
Lily sitting down on the floor at the start of this vlog reminds me of her old videos 😊
Lily, love the way you do Ad's! I dont even habe the feeling you are doing any Ad's bäm in your face 😊😘
You, Anna, and Eva are my 3 favorite bloggers/youtubers! So glad to see you combined :)
You and Anna have the cutest friendship, I need a friend like that lol
Brooklyn Bridge is the brown one, the blue metal one is the Manhattan Bridge. x
Lovely vlog Lily! :-)\nImmediately knew I had seen that Carousel before in Glee - Lols :-D Here is the clip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb9DGhpxnN0
Definitely want to check out Lilia! Looks so good!
I'm not a lipstick girl but these sound amazing. I'd actually try them.
 You are one of my favorite bloggers and as an amateur musical theatre actress NYC is one of  my favorite cities. Thanks for sharing your time here with sweet Anna
what is the name of the first song? x
You and anna have such a beautiful friendship ❤️❤️❤️❤️ love you both!!!
You two are my girl crush! Love both of you! xox
I love Anna's hair up like that
Lovely lip colours, but really loving the sparkly candy floss...so hungry right now....Sugarrrrrrr!
Geneva, from A Pair and A Spare was one of the first fashion blogs I read. Her DIYs are awesome and she has great style.
Oh that dress is worth the splurge <3 Loved this vlog !!
Hi Lily! Love the video! It was really wonderful to meet you on that lovely De Maria evening. I was wondering if you could give me credit for the illustrations. My handle is @pauline_de_roussy_de_sales \nThank you!\nBe Well\nxo\nPauline
So the Brooklyn bridge is the brown one that you briefly shot on the left. The one you are in front of for most of the time is the Manhattan bridge.
That cookbook looks lush. Really loved this vlog, Lily. I love how your channel is really evolving and changing right now. X
Where are the lipstick lids😮😮😮
Ahahahaha pasta baby. Bloody love Anna 😂😂
love,love this episode...
Oh coooool! I totally understand that you loved @madametamtam. She is definitely one of my favorite German YouTubers. Such a stunning lady!
Such a beautiful vlog! I'm really loving your content lately lily 💓
Loved this, Lily! PS All the illustrations got me wondering if you've kept up with your calligraphy...
So wonderful seeing you so happy!! Love when you & Anna are together! Great video!
Awwww I just love your vlogs lily ❤️😘
Fantastic vlog. 😁
wait,the bridge Lily mentions at 5.18 is manhattan bridge not brooklyn bridge right??
You are the awesomest! so I really really really hope you don't mind me mentioning this, it's just a New Yorker thing: the Brooklyn Bridge WAS in one of your shots - and it was for sure super-close - but as I think you probably know, that thing you pointed the camera at when you said you were at the Brooklyn Bridge...wasn't. I mean - you could see it, I'm sure, but we just saw a totally different bridge. (The one the neighborhood is named after.) But anyways...sorry! carry on! fab vlog as always :) I'm always psyched when you guys visit...
I don't think homely means what you think it means lol
OMGGGG I've been waiting for this video all day!! Haha I love watching your vlogs 😉
I love this dress on you, please continue to wear it haha! And this trip looked so much fun, especially the meeting Jenna Lyons part
Liam payne you are a great singer and you has proved that by that song. I love the song vwry much.
This vid is Absolutely A-MA-ZING !! Congrats Guys!  Love you so much :* <3
Great idea. Reminds of Coldplay's idea a few years back a little bit but it's still awesome !
Listen.I just want to say thank you for reading this comment.
I m in this video. Liam was so sweet that day
I juss love this song
I hear zayns high part at the end from I'm pretty sure It was You and I?!
If you come from Instagram like
awww liam n zedd made my day... just wanna see liam so badlyy
Which keyboard does Zedd have in this video? does anyone know?
Have they separated? where is  one  direction ?  ?
this video is exactly what the world needs right now.. Unity !
Anyone else notice that he looks like Ali-A?
Isn't that te same type o car xayn used in dtd
Seriously this is so beautiful, I can't stop replayinggg
I'd ship it 😂😂😂
got a sick club hook this song. love it
@1:55 that girl had a sugglife phone case ahahah
he still do drugs that's why he's not wearing a shirt on, he always wears jacket.
They look soo alike is it normal!?😜
the jacket 'fear of god' i saw this on zayn too <3
simply a FUN video😍
Liam dancing with the little girls is the sweetest thing ever!
Guys, just made a cover on this one albeit slower. Check it out at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kElfi7h1lcM
they look like a twin.
I so love it!!  😍😍
This give me one thing vibes
Can't believe I was right there 😆😆
I'm so proud
MY FRIENDS WAS THERE ❤️❤️❤️
WTFFF I WISH I WAS THERE 😭😭
I WISH I LIVED IN COUNTRIES MY IDOLA GO TO😭😭😭
Still Got Time : Fear of God \nGet low  : Fear Of God
When will that beard trend end? It's horrible!
I love Liam but Harry and Niall are creating such soulful songs and the other boys are wasting their beautiful voices on generic pop songs :/
My Ziam heart can’t handle this 😍❤️
Doesn't sound like Zedd at all. Like new style it's uplifting and got that justin timberlake vibe to it.
this is so cool!!!
Liam looks like he's getting younger.
he rlly something down there. get LOW, strip that DOWN
OMG, now this is more like the Liam I was hoping to hear. Not normally my vibe but I really like this song.
liam payne was bae and to die for BUT what the fuck happen he just look restless and stressed. get some vitamins baby and look fresh
Why they both look like they have just come straight out of bed without bath.
Im so proud of the boys!
That's my boy (':
This is going to be a hit
Liam is kind of copying Ed..\n#Freedom2speech  #peace
This will make it to the big charts for sure.
Liam looks like five years ago. \nIts soooooo cute 💕
Can I get a like?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*England is my city*
This has to be the best song of the  week .
😍😍😍😘😘😘 we are a best vevo's
I saw a sugg life phone case ! Yeaaay 😄😄😄
Raise your hands if you're here for Lee-roy
WHY IS NO ONE HYPING THIS UP
wonderful!!! I love this music!
Will long intros in videos please just die.
0:36 That sort off feels like Niall's dad. HAHAHA
Description: got speakers in backpack, keyboard, mic.\nTowards the end : no backpack no mic no keyboard.
It hurts my eyes when people putting out their phones instead of just enjoying the moment with their own eyes without the distraction of that thing.
watcing AGNEZ MO-LONG GET I PAID https://youtu.be/NWH85qhrdoY🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶
best video
YASSSSSS
Hmm they look like brothers
Giee lo 😂 Giee lo Giee lo Giee lo
I miss Zayn and Liam
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Hm
Who watching now 2017 9 23 21:23
https://youtu.be/SUkDcgwTyHc
Cutie
Song is DOPE af.
Lovely
Love this song~Aimee
LOVED IT LIAM ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
please follow me on Instagram @vaguealley \ninstagram.com/vaguealley
Zedd looks sooo cuuute
So much positive❤
2:14 that moment 😱😁
Zedd is so cute
Justin Timberlake has some really cool songs
0:37 its niall
Liam looks soooo good 😍😍
LIAM U PUPPYYYYYYYYYYY
nice beat
Zedd ma man😚👏
▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█░░░ \n▒█▀▀▄ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▄▄█ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░░ \n▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄█
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, JUST KIDDING
❤❤❤❤❤❤
YAS BOYS
Hidden Scalping Code! 65% Commision! (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2yxC1yu
What so beatifull
spot the sugg life phone case lol
slow song
LIAM HERMOSO
Niall + Liam = Zedd
Debería tener más visitas 👏
geiler Idee so ein Video zu machen und der Untertitel ist auch nice 😂 \nIst auch ein geiles Lied
I LOVE YOU  LIAAAMM❤️
Awesome video Liam!!! ❤️
Your light will never go out..never. \nYou made my life so much better Chester. \nI love you so much,you didn't deserve to die so soon. \nYou'll never be forgotten. \nRIP ❤❤
6k people were crying so hard they missed the like button
Chester has left this world but will remain in our hearts\nWolfo 2017
The only reason this video has only 8 million views is that for many fans it's still extremely hard to watch it..
Chester, you inspired me, motivated me and encouraged me, as do the great friends.Thank you, never forgotten!
Their songs saved lots of life from suicide, but failed to save him. Hope his legacy keep saving others in the future. Miss u Chester
no more sorrow for hijm, but we will miss his work..
I'm not crying.. you are!
It made me cry 😢
rest in peace chester. i love you, and thank you for all you taught me, you showed me how to be strong.
RIP Chester, you will be missed.
,( Nothing more to say. I crying ,O
Linkin Park gave us many great songs, and for that we will always be grateful to them. Bright memory, Chester, we will miss you.
Chester, you incredible and unique voice will always be remembered... LP will never be the same without you!!! This video is perfect. RIP Chester,  I hope you found your peace.
Chester,life for ever in our hearts 💓
Thank you, Chester. For giving the best songs for the world😭
Voice of the angel and devil in one person 3>
how does this have 5k dislikes each one of you ur disliked needs help RIP to this legend that will never die
Rest in peace CHESTER . YOUR ALSO ONE OF THE MILLION STARS. 😭😭😭😔
Those 5k disliker go to hell...you don't deserve to listen legends masterpiece
This video made me cry :(\n\nI miss you Chester!\n\nThank you Linkin Park <3
Everytime I watch this video I feel the need to take a really deep breath before watching it.
Such a beautiful video.\n\nRIP Chester\n1976-forever.
Fuck this got to me
This is so emotionally and beautiful. Its just amazing
I've been crying all day yesterday and today. I miss Chester so much
who the fu*ck disliked this!
I understand what he was going through this... You just lost the very purpose on continue living. Every morning you wake up, your mind tells aahhh... just another day. Every evening before you fell asleep you wish that you will never wake up tomorrow. It's like there is no meaning in continue living anymore. And you will come to a point that you just want it to be done. And that's it.
Why would people hate this,that's actually sad
Let's try to get Linkin Park to 10 million subscribers, c'mon guys we can do this.!
Your light will always Shine in our hearts
your light will never go out chester. thank you for everything. may you continue and always rest in peace. 💐💓
This has to be extremely hard to make...thank you all...❤️
Chester will always live in our hearts
Your light will never go out. It's inside of each of our hearts. ❤❤
what we have left is missing today !! 😭😭😞\n#FromBrasil
Music will never be the same again
I touch his hand for the last time in his last performance
i'm crying...Chester come back
Who are the fukcers unlike the video :(
I’m remember to you Chester Bennington
I will say this in the name of all the LP fans from Poland chester you will remain in our hearts you will never be forgotten our hearts came crashing like a rock to the ground when we heard about your death we pray for you every day we cry every day we miss you every day\n\n\nThis message goes to the people who suffer depression you are not alone and death is not the key someone out there loves you it can be a stranger you are not alone PLEASE SUICIDE IS NOT THE KEY
i always look hour and hour to see they get their video 1M + LIKE
Chester. You are in our hearts !!! #Russia
I miss you so fucking much...my heart is broken...i want to cry so freaking hard...😔
that was hard to watch
Fuck everyone who thumbs down this song
a band where everyone is the key to an extraordinary success, where a tragic event leaves everyone without a reaction, without an understanding pq? .... we listen to lp all day, waiting for shows, music, videos, and on a certain morning we wake up with the news that an idol is gone ...... even after this time that I pass, still hurts and remembers the memory of how linkim park was special for many, but that will always be alive in our memories
His voice never died in my heart :')
I heard this song yesterday for the first time whilst I was at work. It took all my willpower to hold back my tears in front of a whole restaurant full of people. It is the saddest yet most beautiful song I have ever heard. Fuck depression. RIP Chester.
Can we not cut onions here please...?
This is one of the softest LP song ever!\n#RIPChester
#icare should be a hashtag all around the social media.
😢😔❤
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
rip u fucking legend\nu will b missed
what
holy fuck (cry)
😔😔
Chester :/
You can
#RIPChester
3:18 - 3:25 Huge goosebump
I wasn't ready. 💔
#RIPChester
😭💔😭💔😭
Rip chester
Rip chester
♥
my Chester ♡
Wtf
😩
Thist is beautiful #indonesia
❤❤
RIP CHESTER :(
😭
😭😭🖤
Chester ❤ ❤ ❤
RIP Chester and Cornel.
better than honey g dogshit
Gone but not forgotten ...Chester
😭😭😭❤
#RIPChester
Thanks linkin park & chester, stay strong!
How.Stop.Cry?
Edotensei
😭😭😭😢😢😢😢😭😢😢😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭❤
Chester bennington + vocal beast = best singer ever
We care 😭😭😞
Forever and ever...
MISS U CHESTER
😭😭😭💔
whoever disliked this videos are heartless
#chesterBennigton forever
We never forget! I promise! #RIPlegend
#42 on trending guys keep listening guys !!!!!!
cheater songs  live forever in ours memories ☺
rip
2 months.Chester goodbye(((
#Fuckdepression🖕🖕
This is ACE THE SPACEMAN kids, the one and only. What a historical moment. That's the magic of music
Ace Frehley's solo was pretty good! go Ace!
Am I the only person in the world who would love to see an original lineup tour but WITHOUT the makeup and outfits?  man, I think that would be so cool and would lend some credibility.  I just don't think they look good in makeup at this age.  They look way better like this than all done up etc.
The look of utter joy on Gene’s face: just priceless! Never mind reunions, it’s just so nice to see you these two legends getting along so well.
Well, that's another 50% of Kiss right there!
think kiss should make one more album with ace and then do what motley crue did, tour the world for that new album and end things on a high note that would be waaaaaay fucking cool
Chemistry these guys have it, seeing ACE clean healthy looking great, there is only one Ace ,  no dis to Tommy but dude you can copy a Rembrandt and it can look great, but it will never be a true Rembrandt this how you play  Parasite ,
Fuck the haters!!! This is awesome!!!!
Yeah Baby!
BRING ACE BACK.
Frehley!! Simmons!! 😀😀😀😀
Fuckin Magik
Seeing this kinda makes me want to see the original band without makeup...
Pure Fuckin Magic..classic im in a wheelchair and this made me get up and devil horn rock my neck off like a bobble head...yeah
At about the 4 minute mark Gene is checking to see if Ace still has it.
Just put all the b.s. behind and get the band back already . Ace you are the man and kiss is the band
kiss is Paul, gene, ace & peter!!!  not those 2 other wanna bees !!!!!
Clapping....\n..get peter and paul  in there and I'll give a standing ovation
Ace needs to hang it up
This may be as close as we get to a reunion tour. A no make up tour would be good.
As a life long Kiss fan,  That was really cool!
hotter then Hell the original Ki§§
BRING ACE BACK & THE MONEY IS THERE$$$$IMMMONS
Those dudes can't play with Gene an Ace thier lazy slacks,thier too...loose that was more of a tight groove song Ace an Gene should have just had somebody in the back ground on rhythm...
Kiss new merchandise I bought a Kiss bedpan at this show and my wife bought the Kiss three pack adult diapers and the Kiss denture glue
Good to see Ace and Gene put their differences aside for a good cause
Gene&Ace????  Wow!! what a lovely day!!!!\nmore exciting than original-KISS reunion :)
Gene will fire Paul and hire Ace
Both Gene and Ace have let themselves go physically... such a shame... but hey... they still sound great!
So nice to see Gene and Ave together.
How many more guitar players can they fit on a hat stage?
It only makes sense to bring Ace back for one last hooray. Loads more money Gene, just think of it! I would even buy a few tix for that.
weird...Gene is more likable NOT as the demon.
I saw them after the morning show and ace is a true gentleman. All smiles while signing autographs.
That was so fucking awsome. Gene looks happy. That's hard to fake. Playing with old friends, gotta be an incredible feeling.
Ace sounds pretty good to me, it just flowed out of him. I wanted to break Genes finger so he couldnt point it at Ace no more. By the way,   Ace did write those songs all by himself, they added the band later!
Gene would be better off playing with Ace than Paul at this point.  Ace had the worst voice of any of the original members but he mop the floor with what little Paul has left, vocally.
It will be interesting to hear Eddie Trunk's take on this.
Paul must've been pissed off when he heard about this reunion performance....
Anyone can say what they like about Gene, but it's undeniable that he's a cool fucker. As is Ace. It'd be great to see them go out with a bang on a big tour with everyone that ever played under the name, Kiss.
Love to see Peter .Paul ,Gene, Ace do this w/o makeup just Rock n Roll they do not need all the pyro or makeup just PLAY
I feel like Paul, being the emotional diva that he is, is sitting at home crying that this happened since he is so anti having a reunion.
You can see the HOLY FUCK, I'M ON STAGE WITH ACE FREHLEY !!!!!!! look on the younger guys in the band. Great to see.
One of the BEST songs KISS ever recorded...
Bring back the Cat too!
He was kissing Ace's ass the whole show. Nothing from Gene Simmons ever seems real or sincere. He doesn't care about the fans or music, just making money
Heard from the guy who posted this video - he said that Ace was sober right before the show. So I was wrong to think he was drunk. My apologies Spaceman! You still do a hell of a good drunk walk for a sober guy :)
The magics still there two Legends
i wish i was there
Holly crap, it's finally come!
Just hearing Gene say Ace's name like that in the beginning makes me freaking happy. I'm glad in the end after all the bickering, they can still come together like none of that ever happened. I wish Paul was there to join them. That would have been amazing.
KISS REUNION PLEASE! A REAL FAREWELL TOUR !!! REAL KISS, REAL FAREWELL !!!
I enjoy seeing Ace play with other Kiss members on the friend level better than being in Kiss.  This way everyone is happy, getting along and want to be on stage together.
I grew up with this music. Some of the best hard rock ever written. Love it. damn sure would go see them in concert.
Finally found something good to say about Gene. At least he knows the songs.
Glad to see this happening. Gene wrote some songs with Ace recently, and it looks like they still have a pretty big spark playing together.
Be cool to see the pair tour?🤔\n\nJman👀
Ace is THE place with the helpful hardware man!
Bring back Ace! Time for another reunion tour!!!! F it, I'll go again.
It's two buddy's jamming, bugger all the reunion stuff! They tried it, it failed. Kiss would not exist past 2000 if not for the current format, otherwise no one would be talking about 'fake' anything! I'm glad the original members are all still alive, unlike a lot of bands. The finale for the greatest rock band of all time will be memorable I'm sure!!! 🤘
This shows that Gene is an amazing bass player. Most bass players just follow the drums without worrying about much, whereas Gene creates little melodies inside the songs as in Detroit Rock City, Deuce or Watchin' You. An all time great
Do you know of the bands, KISS maid? Little help?
a reunion again? Really? I don't know peter isn't doing well & recently retired.would I Like Ace to be FULLY on the next KISS CD? YES. but I doubt they will want to or agree on a full tour.
Gene confused Ace with Peter about the ten inch thing
holy moses yes yes yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ace is God , still fucking shredding
Do all aging metal heads sound like punk garage bands?  I'm not making fun.  After all, I like punk!
Awesome
He still LOOKS GREAT GODDAMMIT-YOU GOTTA LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
Ladies and gentleman. The real deal. 🤘
Gene loves to play music with Ace when Ace is sober. It looks like both are having a blast here. It would be great to see the original lineup just play without makeup on just play a concert in street closes.
Solo surprised me. very good
This is so good to see and hear. It's still there.
I love Ace but those rings might be starting to weigh his right hand down just a bit
Fuck yeah!!! I am loving Gena and Ace. This is fuckin awesome!!!
they sound 1,000,000 times better than the current fake KISS
oh man.. lets hope .. this is a good sign.
where's peter and paul?
It is always special when ANY of the original members of KISS get together and play...do it ONE MORE TIME guys...no makeup (never been done before with more than 2 original members), and bow out ON TOP.  Ace's tone is just...KISS.
And people complain about cell phones
To the person who disliked. Go watch Justin Bieber.
As it should be!
whadda you think paul thought when he saw this?
Ace is still cool
Hell yeah!
Fuckin awesome!! !
Hotter than Hell...best Kiss album
This was awesome!
Epic
Great cause..great musicians.
Gracias Dios por estas alegrías!!!
Magie ist - wenn alle Original Kiss Mitglieder rocken. Der Zauber ist unvergleichlich. Daher ist Kiss unersetzlich...es ist wie wenn man sein Seelenfreund trifft - einzigartig.
I don't know what the personal relationships are between Gene and Paul are like, they are, in effect, business partners. But I have to wonder if Gene performing with an outsider is going to cause a rift between Paul and Gene.  \n\nGood seeing Ace and Gene together for a good cause.  Gene seemed to be enjoying himself.
There is nothing better than the music of KISS! The KISS ARMY RULES!!
It's official, Ace has sold out and betrayed people like me who despise that washed up sex addict, Gene Simmons. Respect for Ace at 0 now.
Love ace but the intro was sloppy...you can clearly hear the other guitarist carrying ace....
Look at all those Gibson Les Pauls 😱😱😱
Sounds like shit.
Ace rules, Gene drools!
What was that 4:14\n\nI hope it's not what I think.  Has nothing changed...\n\nYup...just watched another video of this, he's sloshed.
End it with a bloody pajama dance!
One thing I wish I'd known is that your parents aren't always right about what's best for you :(
Words of wisdom for you, Emily: If you love someone, then hunt him down right now, capture him and bring him to you. Otherwise, you could lose him forever! Mark me, Emily... Seriously, don't be an imbecile setting anyone free. Loser move.
#1 True story. My DAD told me when I was a teenager, Son, Everybody is not going to like you, Just shit you got to live with. I took that to hart. It worked for me! Their Loss.
One thing I wish I had known... that women are fucking crazy... and good luck on being in any relationship for any length of time... oh, and none of your dreams ever come true... fuck you universe!
Just realized I don't follow you on Instagram! I feel so ashamed. Great video though Emily! Love your advice and I'm excited for more videos to come!
Your face is pretty and I like looking at it.
Miss Em, This should be mandatory viewing for anyone about to turn into a teenager.
Honestly I can relate so much to number 4 specifically and hearing you speaking about it and giving your thoughts on it was amazing for me to hear! This video in general was so helpful!
If children and young students really understood how poorly achievements in school translated into success as an adult, the drop out rate, along with failing school grades would skyrocket.
And the one about don't try too hard; I didn't try too hard and that's why I got pretty much F*** all out of GCSE's and A Levels..... I still might try University yet, but I need to find something that really suits me and a way to make it work foe me and with me , if ya get me.
I missed you Em, thanks for doing another video x
You're still hot I see
we all need a TARDIS , just think ...
@swearing: it's much less of a deal in germany, believe me! it's always quite funny to see how not-so-lady-like women from the UK or US apologise for or worry about those kinds of things. also it's a little sad to see such pressure to behave in a certain way. \n\ni mean, we do have social situations where it is absolutely NOT ok to use swear words, sure, and some where it may raise an eyebrow or two, but in general, when someone has a reason to swear, (s)he swears. \n\nabove all, there's not THAT huge a difference between men and women regarding swearing. it may be a little amusing for many when a woman swears like a drayman (as a german saying goes), because, despite our hun-like, blunt and barbaric nature^^ we do have a concept of lady-like, but seemingly we are more comfortable with a greater variety of female behaviour. \n\ngreat video, as always! have a nice weekend! :-)
What shoe size are you ?
you could end your shows with a clever ending, maybe something cute... oh how about ending each episode with a pajama dance. I bet people would love it!!!!
I DID follow you on instagram, but then I tried to post a supportive comment on one of your pictures and then seconds later you blocked me, probably because you didn't even bother to read past the first sentence which was, admittedly, a bit of a rough joke. \nI wish I had known how you would respond before wasting my breath typing something sincere and well-meaning...
I understand the whole concept that something better will come along and that it will happen unexpectedly. But we are always taught actions have consequences. That has both positive and negative meanings. The relevance of that here is if you prepare for something then only you will get it. You will have to work for it. This is something firmly ingrained in most of us. The hardest part for me is about the time I have to wait between I don't have the thing I want to have and then I have it. It is really hard to stay positive and focussed on the goal that you are trying to achieve.
I was fortunate to have someone hate my fucking guts based on my ernest open eye contact, genuine smile and (not too) firm hand-shake, in my early twenties. Hadn't even had a chance to offend him! That was when I truly internalised 'No matter how nice you are, not everyone will like you (and some will FUCKING HATE you)'
Don't write down all your account passwords.  You can get programs that store them.  I use KeePass but there's plenty of others.  And if you're going that route since you don't have to remember  them, you can make all your passwords different and more complex so you're a lot less vunarable to cracking
I'm falling in love with you Emily Hartridge
Lots of people have that lower twisted tooth, including myself and Bobby DiNero, so you're in good company. Your advise is well taken for the youngsters to keep their retainers in at night but as far is you are concerned, chalk it up to a distinctive character trait. I think you look better now than ever especially with that 50 Amp smile.  Also a long time ago a friend gave me some really good advise. She said  Don't wast time with people who don't like you. That little piece of advise really made things lots easier.
Be yourself is the best one! There is nothing at all wrong with swearing at all, just only in certain situations really (common sense). Like I have never sworn in front of my parents and I swear every second sentence around most everyone else :D
I wish I had been told:\n1. Donald Trump is not a comedienne, he just says funny shit\n2.Jeremy Corbyn is a comedienne, and does not say funny shit\n3. Piers Morgan is not a comedienne, he just talks shit
Instead of writing down you passwords use a product like lastpass. https://lastpass.com/f?3384546
Funny you bring up swearing.  A friend and I were discussing this, and here's what we came up with.  Have you ever heard someone lament how 'in our grandparents day, you didn't swear in a public place.  Or  how a man was expected to wear a suit if he was in public.?  I think some people miss the dignity that comes with NOT letting it all go in front of each other.  If I met you for a date at a nice restaurant in sweat pants, it would give you pause, right? Swearing used to be considered vulgar, right?   Well, If I gave you the once over and told you what I thought you'd be willing to do in bed, you'd throw a drink in my face, and walk out, because you still consider that to be vulgar,  when once swearing would have been just as offensive.\n    Well, Maybe it's about what we each define as respect.  It's like that joke blaming the cartoon Teenage Ninja Turtles for teaching a generation of boys that it's ok to live in mom's basement, subsist on Pizza and call your girlfriend 'dude'.  \n     I for one still do not swear in front of my grandparents, or older aunts and uncles.  It feels good, respectful not to.  I don't want a girlfriend who is ok with me calling her dude, belching or farting around her, because she deserves to not be treated like one of my high fiving jackass mates.  \n\nOFcourse, not swearing doesn't make me think I am better than anyone, or judging anyone.  Just a really good topic this, Miss Hartridge, and it sparked my old debate brain.
Out of curiosity.Would you have listened,if anyone told you all this when you were young?\nBtw how bout making a 10 movies that made an everlasting impression/impacted you.Either in your youth or as an adult .Or both
Wish I knew that being twenty doesn't make my life put together neither makes me an adult. Smh*
You end shows with the pyjamas dance!
Even if current you had access to a time machine and went back in time to visit your younger teenage self to give advice. Your teenage self wouldn't believe anything you had to say.
I wasn't listening but you look fecking great ;)
you should stop saying I don't know how to end shows, it was bye.  No more doubts, A phrase that came from St. Pete.  Use it.  Have faith, You got atleast one sweet pete, and what was it, three arrows or something, so I say sit back, have a popcorn, put in a movie, and...Reach for the stars/surrender yourself to good times.  I have not a clue what to say.  I usually am quite thorough, I thought you looked amazing, btw.  I was hoping for a classic 10 reasons why, with the numbers and everything.  Thank you for answering my wish.  You are as adorable as the day I met you.  As Gandalf said to Bilbo in Lord of the Rings,  you haven't aged a day   So to all your smoothies, and tisanes,  Whole foods, and fine wines, free from fear over here is forwarding you thins message: keep it up.  Thin like slim but differen.  OD on Dissos and you will meet gOD.  Disso you know I reserved a time with you and my divine disco enferno to us finally unwind and fill up on magic mind and know how to rhyme.  Behind the frying pan is a man with a plan to stand at ease please just release your energy on me, she is queen on the boobtube I mean youtube it was something about boobs how we crossed paths, who knew, you drew me in and then I had a thing, 5 year anniversary approaching.  How do you want to celebrate.  A bottle of merlot, a candle, and filtered lighting, a gentle breeze, a phat bowl of eMeXPay, ouch he makes you pay is what I'm hearing.  Will you come to my hearing.  Hear how I plowed down a mad clown.  Mushroom Mushroom we all fall down.  Ok you love my lies, like me less when I'm committing adultery and kinda of feel this is getting salty.  Salvage things like I love you and you're so gosh darn pretty.  Ok I'm going to cash in this crop of wurm castings(English)and make out with my arm or something.  You have a heart.  I know. Bye. :)
Just be glad you didn't grow up in China. College exams are the BE ALL and END ALL.
Why not end your shows with your beautiful wink?
It's quite obvious how much you've changed/grown in what seems like no time at all. Couldn't agree more with you being stronger, happier and more independent. I'm very happy for you. Enjoyed the video.    S.A. and Til Next Time       :  )
Great video, you are beautiful.
Emily,\nI'm glad you're on Youtube and not on TV. On TV they'd just try to control and censor the way you act.\nOn Youtube, you can just be yourself.
_ALWAYS BE YOURSELF!_ \nUnless you can be a Viking. \nThen . . .  *Always* *be* *a* *VIKING!*
I'd like to see you in braces again😂
The password thing is a definite. I always forget those damned things.
I've good teeth genes and I'm ambidextrous [my hands, just my hands, and really just my hands]
one thing about and one of the main reasons i watch i can tell that you dont think your better than any one eles green eyes
I can relate a 100 %
The braces one is SPOT ON 😂 fuck my life.
Emily, I Love your everything, but you look bad your eyes and neck look very bad like you have been up for days and days. I think that the one thing you did not say was You might want a friend for life and you might think he/she is that friend, but if you ask them they will say WHO like you are the last person they think about
Hello Emily. How are you today?
Thanks , going to discuss with my teenage daughter !
I agree with all of this! :)
I like the plant with lights by the bed. Nice touch. I could sleep there i think.
Emily : You are Perfect the Way You Are !
This is really important! Thanks for the vid, Emily
I wish I'd of been told no matter how much training you have or things know. People don't care unless you kiss their ass about the fact they know less then you.
Use some kind of password-storing service, like lastpass for example. This way you only have to remember a master password.
Alot of fucking goin on there em,but your a poet and ya dont know it
I love you Emily.. I really enjoy your videos...  😚😚😚😚😚😚😚
I had braces, but on the jaw teeths (same area as you showed) I got a single wire to keep the tooths from moving.  I guess that the wire is going to stay there forever. The teeth in that part of the jaw have not yet moved.
Emily, I have a new “Life Lesson for you, guaranteed to keep the good going forever!” Here’s a new mantra. Say it in it’s entirety, often; \nLife is good and just keeps getting better. \nWe don’t need to know how it works (you will). \nPlease, just make it your mantra!
How did you make the choice to limit these things? I know there are a ton more, at least for me and most that I know. Maybe another video more things... Thanks for keeping on. Love your work.
Here in the states, they usually install a permanent retainer on the lower teeth.  Just a small wire/bar bonded to the 6 front lower teeth.  Never have to think about it again.
Number 5 was my favorite.
I wish I had known how much harder it is to make new friends after 30 or so.  The urge to make new friends is far stronger (and therefore it's easier) when you're young, but the bright side is that it means you're getting much choosier about the kind of friends you do make.
Until next time, never forget, (then nothing)
I'm from Aberdeen trust me you do not swear to much I would be seen as someone with terets if I was down there.
24k for bracelets?...jezz...it is like 24x the price in my country
Love your videos, since the stoke. I can't masturbate, so I watch your videos.  And you remind of my dead girlfriend, no. 6. Before she fell to her death during climbing.
Probably one of your best video's you've made. Take my hat off to you for your honesty. Life is too short to be miserable. Awesome!
I loved it Emily and i love your personality, thanks for such great content!
I was waiting for your videos. I missed them :/
That jersey brings out the colour of your eyes.yup.i am actually saying this.
Remove the block from insatgram
i love your videos especially this one you just uploaded, today is my birthday and I was thinking of life and the points you mentioned for so long, I feel so lucky that I have such a warm and lovely and fun and intelligent person to follow! Life is magical~ x.
Another great video Em! For a British girl your teeth are perfect. Sorry, cheap shot. You should be proud of yourself!!
Well, I listen to you this time;\n  What did I remember:\n   My new Nick name for you;\n    Roller coaster/ crocked bottom teeth, you just have to ride it.\nHa,ha, love your opions,funny,quirky, enjoyable, another one of your invisible on line ,LOVERS.
I started to watch and thought that i would show this video to teenagers in our youth center... Than i understood that i shouldn't.
How to end a show: Yes, just come up with a catch phrase that's you.  Anna Akana always says Stay awesome, Gotham and I don't even know what that means, but it ends the video and it works. We just need an Emily catch phrase....
This video made my day. Thanks!\n\nSo ironic. I commented about how I loved your teeth in a previous post...and tip #10 was about teeth!\n\nI still think your teeth look great...not perfect but definitely great!
The thing is you probably were told about things but when people are young they DO NOT LISTEN and THEY KNOW IT ALL.
I'm not a big fan of lady like ladies, which is why I'm a fan of yours. I love it!
I just like watching you talk. O_o good stuff tho, makes sense.
Only a shallow fool would care about your bottom teeth, Emily.
i love it :)
you yeti ~~ahaha
you rule kiddo
You seem very likeable 👍
Fun video Emily, thanks.
Good luck.
Glad you're back
Bad luck Emily (teeth)
Erm ... hmmm ... errr ... well ...  speechless
So quirky, cute, and fit lol.
Part 2! Part 2! Part 2!?!?
Nice job!
Thank you.
Fuck Yes Emily!! Awesome video and topic!
qofkastaa ku fekira taas
before 1 like we love your Videos, )\n1. I do agree and did not know until some 2 Years ago and i am almost 30 ! (\n2.I do agree\nNext\n3.again true \n4.the nasty Hartridge look, awesome,cool,HOT\n5.agree\n6.The Truth, that does never go away still miss every Girl .\n7.???\n8.again true\n9.and do not encrypt your Partition because you could not reset that ! and remember the Keyboard Layout of that Language \n10.laughing in a Libary .Thanks awesome Lady ...
Emily use lastpass for your passwords it will change your life.
hahaha did you expect sociology to be useful
Don't know y Ur amazing videos r getting very less views
Love is a drug, like the strongest stuff ever
She really knows how to make her audience fall in love with her
I lost my Daddy in May to brain cancer. He was my world my life my everything . It sucks going on with life without him , Jhene explained my exact feeling in this movie 😔
I love your soul 😍
I watched this then listened to the whole album this album is gonna hit #1 💖💝 Miyagi would be so proud of you Jhene keep up the fantastic work Love you 😍😘
Soooo id love a hard copy of this
Never go off with strangers girls!
Jhene since Aaliyah Passed You've Kept Me Able to Even Listen To music Again I love you so much and I know the Angel your Brother  Miyagi is still looking over you and always with you. \n\nThank You For even expressing ur heart to all of us . u are such a brave woman with a beautiful spirit . ❤❤❤❤
Do not watch at work. I was crying my eyes out.
this is incredible. Love her vulnerability, less than halfway through and can’t stop crying
Lost my grandma 2 years ago and it still fcking hurts, I can relate to this so fcking hard 😭🥀 thanks Jhene 🌹
Loved it!! So inspiring.  Lost my brother in 2013 and i wanted to die just so we could be together again.  The pain is so great.  But im learning daily to live for me and him.  Great movie😍😍
Love this! I did a review on the album, check it out ❤️🔥
I cried a lot mostly when you going through a hard time losing ppl loosing yourself
I always loved jhene aiko.. she is one of the best singers
Wow this is so beautiful😪💜
Crying my heart out, crying the love and light out. B. x
I loveeee her she is so authentic, I relate to her pain, joy, and love .. keep it up Jhene your music keeps me going 💕
This is so deep loosing my dad 2yrs ago I can relate to it so much
Crazy how I can stare \nInto empty space\nAnd see his smile\nCrystal clear as day\nI close my eyes and hear his voice \nI heard him say my name\nI haven't written anything good since he left \n\nBecause your smile is like my brothers\nYou're a cancer like my brother \nYou are handsome like my brother \nLove your mother, just like my brother \n\nThe summer isn't the summer without my brother\nWe should be at Venice beach or the observatory \nWalking the ports on level for nachos\nOr 7/11 for slurpees\nBonfires\nScary movies \nRemember the orange cat we found in the alley \nI think he ran away\n\nWhere did you go\nDo I really have to grow up without you\nAm I really alive without you\nAre you in the stars \nIs there a god\nDo you walk with him\nIs he a she \nIs she in me\nWill we ever talk again \nIs it strange that I can't wait to meet my fate\nJust to see your face again\n\n\nI am looking for a brothers love in every single man\nBut you'll never see me like my brother did\nYou'll never need me like my brother did \nThere's a black hole in my soul\nIt's beginning to show\nThrough my dilated pupils \nBehind lids half closed\nI thought that I'd be fine by now \nBut suffering doesn't die \nIt grows \n\nPretending to be perfect is perfectly fine\nFor all the individuals who are perfectly fine\nAnd grew up with money \nAnd never fell on hard times \nAnd had trustfunds \nAnd too much fun with their full time dads\nI have never had it easy \nAnd fuck you if you don't believe me\nAnd fuck me for crying over spilled milk that I never planned on drinking\n\nI was a sunken ship \nA drunken sip of something thick \nAnd then I took a trip\nThere was no captain but you were my anchor\nThere were poisons and demons \nAnd rhymes with no reasons\nAnd strangers but there was no danger\nGrandpy named me penny\nBut you taught me I was plenty\nAnd you taught me that to be complete \nThat you have to be empty \nAnd free from all the miseries and energies that hinder me\nYou brought me to my inner peace\nYou taught me it was meant for me\nIt ends how it begins my friend \nUntil we meet again
This cuts so deep! You're such a strong women Jhene. Thank you for always releasing gold.
high asf, n crying. this is how u got me rn 😢
i love how intrusive white men are bcz of their confidence. Some of my best conversation has come from while male strangers.
Damn. She took shrooms , coke, pills, and a tab all while on medication.  Please don't try that at home. She would've died in real life. It's always a fine line with videos like this because it looks beautiful but could mislead impressionable minds.
She is authentic and beautiful
I was trying not to cry through this but I couldn't hold it in😭I lost my grandmother seven years ago and it feels like it was yesterday. everything she was saying about her brother is exactly how I feel about my grandma. jhene is my muse for any situatuon. her music is really like life advice to me. I don't know what'd I'd do without her. thank you jhene❤
This made me cry. I love getting to see what’s going on in your mind. I loved the album as well. Very vulnerable and beautiful.
This made me tear up. Cancers and Pisces always grow extra close cause of such similar souls,I'm so sorry about your brother 💔💔 Sending you love and light from one fellow water sign to another. You did a great job on this project,love every bit.
This was so beautiful Jhené 😭😭 both your grandpa and Miyagi are looking down at you so proud 🙏🏾💕 And if there's any dislikes on this video, don't let it distract you, they probably all from Dante's bitter ass 😩😩😂
When she took them 🍄 @12:57 😂 l🖤ve all her songs and trip album
Fuck Jhene, I told myself not to cry and I did anyway. I really felt this
I don't understand everything bc i don't speak english verry well but i love so much Jhene and this short movie is so wonderful 😍👍🏾
Showing us your vulnerability shows us your strength. Watching this was like getting a little hint as to what your pain is. I hope you find peace, I hope we all do, and no matter where your brother is, (like you said) he is always with you.
Jhen`e this was so Cool. What a Wonderful Spirit You have. This was truly a remarkable and touching view into a piece of Who You are. I Lost my Brother from lots of illnesses and Complications last year in January. I Carry His name on my lower right leg, He got Buried in His Favorite Tims.. Honestly I'm a Writer, Poet and Minister who hasn't done much of Anything not even Dating since my Lil Brother died.
She's so beautiful inside and out
I love it but I cried like a baby 😁😥😥
Amazing Jhene. I would never forget the day we met and took selfies. She's such a beautiful soul❤✌✌✌🌌🌌🌌🌌
I love this she never disappoints!
I cried for Penny.  I cried because I saw myself in this.  And I cried because my brother and I aren't close, but I don't know how I would be if he were to pass.  Thank you for this.  I had to text my brother and tell him that I love him. And I'm crying as I type this.
This made me cry. The relationship you had with your brother is beautiful. I know he's proud of you.
This was so beautiful and touched me. She worked hard even had downfalls because of her brother; you hear her pain in her voice but he still with you and smiling down at you. I love it. Will be getting the album soon
I love you Jhene! Love ur work 😘
This was absolutely beautiful
This was absolutely beautiful, I'm legit crying right now. I love how raw you emotions are 😭👏🏾
That was so deep ❤️‼️
Jhene Aniko is actually a really great actor, she should starr in a real movie
I cried so much, really struck a chord 😞❤️
Where's my stoners at?
i love it.
This made cry
OMG this is soooo beautiful💙
Soooooooooo good
This is absolutely breathtaking!💕 soo beautiful❤️💕✨
💕 loved it! Thank u
Sooo dope 😍
#Trip
BEAUTIFUL
So beautiful
Oh, a Pisces
https://youtu.be/695lxkjSRow\nJhene Aiko Trip Album
So beautiful
😩 watched this 3 times already
you beautiful spirit you!!
Very good Ms.Aiyko👍
Wow .
Masterpiece.
Jhene.. omg..
Pure artistry !!!
😍😍😍😍
Trading Master Plan - Send Your Commissions Into Overdrive. http://bit.ly/2fGL8Fu
This video had me crying. It made me reflect so much on myself and how I dealt with My oldest sister passing, she took her life 3 years ago and I took it so hard. I dealt with by drinking and loving the wrong people. Its still an everyday battle trying to move on and live my life. I've become stronger and still trying to let her go 👼
I lost my brother a few months ago. Watching this messed me up so much, but it is healing. Thank you for this movie and this album. #Mood for a very long time.
Oh my momma I'm holding in tears this was great I love you jhene
A real artist. I'm loving the album.
What is the name of this song I love her
The Beautiful mind of a Pisces... Love this sister!! 🔮💎💙 #piscesgang
I have been waiting for her new album. I just bought her album with Big Sean, but, haven't spent time with it. Somehow this feels like a healing. I check iTunes sporadically........so it is serendipitous that I get Trip, the album and the movie on the release day. I'm also dealing with loss. This makes me present to gratitude. It's sometimes hard to remember to be grateful through your pain. But it can be healthy and healing. Thanks Jhene....I'm ready to go on this trip with you.
I love this. Thank you for letting us in ❤️❤️
im crying in the club right now.
nah, dead ass... I can't imagine life without my brother. I can't even begin to fathom the pain she feels on the daily basis. I commend her strength, man! She's amazing
I need the song at 15:06
This was beautiful! Definitely had feels, and could relate on somethings.. I love your art!! 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
I hope u are okay
Miyagi is with you forever. You may not be able to see him, but you can always feel him. You will cross paths again. Love u.
LOVEEEEEEEEED THIS!!!!!!!
That was beautiful.
tears rollin... me hatin
wow
Omg this was soo Good!
It goes Beyonce, Amy Winehouse, the Jhene
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
💞💞💞💞
Yeaaaa!!!! Tracy Oliver killed the directing!!! :)
So beautiful!
oh my gosh I cried so much
i enjoyed this ❤️
I cried so much. Such soulfood
Yesss😍🌞🌜🌛
❤️
Such a great Ablum
Filmed in Kyiv, Ukraine!
I'm here bc of Avicii and Rita ❤️
Avicii is a legend. But Rita Ora too? This was euphoric.
This song makes me wanna text my crush
Writers unite! Is it me or are these the types of music videos that inspire me to write? Think about It. [Main character] wakes up in the morning, everyone around him/her frozen. First they think it's a dream but then come to the fact that it all real. They slowly sink into the fact they have no idea how to escape this fucked up world and get everything back to normal while also being there all on their own. As the story progresses they find out they are not alone (possible love interest perhaps?)
Avicii is back!!!!!!!!!!!!(it's a wrong comment as Avicii was never gone from our mind) let's aviciiUP!!!!
Why does it sound like “I might hang myself tomorrow” 😂
Just added to my favorite play list as soon as the song started
Kyiv is a very beautiful city😍😍
This is good pv!!\nBlieve next good song , too!!
#Best songs of Sweden! 2017 Good song love it <3
From Albinia we are very proud for you Rita . Keep going like this ! 💗💗
This should be the #1 Trending
pewdipie gets more views in 1 day
I like this song.
Song is good, but what’s he done to her voice?
GIVE ME 1 LIKE ..GOD GIVE YOU A GIRLFRIEND LIKE HER
I love this collab. And I really like Rita but surely I’m not the only one who thinks this sounds nothing like her
Hi Everyone! \nI'm NS, EDM producer 19 years \nand I would be very happy if you could check my tracks on my youtube channel. It's all :)\nThank You !
Rita doesn't sound like herself\nI prefer her beautiful voice without autotune\nI mean this is nice but..
i can't stop me listening this beat
oh sh!t! what a song!
here before it gets popular!
My only dream is to come in your concert
Avicii & rita ora thanks for this great song ❤
This is really amazing
did Rita Ora get Boob Surgery?? she has become bomb. :)
Wow it's a nice song
Rita ORA Is a Has been!
It must get 1B views
Apple iPhone 7 Plus, you can focus on what you love.
i just love this song , i feel like its something that i´ve feeling this time
so it's okay to live,if they are full of money!!!they do not feel the kind of person to suffer,stinker,then you will know what you are when you are in poverty!!!you would not like to sing,because you would not like to live!!!
Maybe you could promote green planet so we have some place to party :)
Who else thought it was Selena Gomez before they saw that is actually Rita Ora... :P
It would probably better without the wallhugging but a great song nonetheless\n\n\nNice tittiez tho
my love rita since 2012 love u
I think this video should learn from \nGalway Girl-Ed Sheeran
This song is so so amazin'. I hope meet you Tim :') Someday
The king is back with new songs, new videos, amazing collaborations \nI'm so proud
BEST SONGGGGGGG, CMON LET'S BE LONELY TOGETHER ❤️❣️😍😘💞💕💖💗❤️
nice song love it
Who thinks this should reach 100 million view and become a great hit?💙💙
You're welcome:)\n\nTreating you well, but I'm caught in the middle\nI caught the edge of a knife and it hurts just a little\nAnd I know, and I know, and I know, and I know that I can be your friend\nYes, my head or my heart, and I'm caught in the middle\nMy hands are tired, but not tired enough\nYou're the high that I can't give up\nOh Lord, here we go\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle, you're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know I can’t change you and I won’t change\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nLet’s be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nEyes my shirt, and it feels like the first time (oh)\nBefore the rush to my blood hurts too much and we flatline (oh)\nAnd I know, and I know, and I know, and I know just how this ends\nNow we're all messed up and it feels like the first time (oh)\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle, you're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know I can’t change you and I won’t change\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nLet’s be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nLet’s be lonely together (yeah)\nA little less lonely together (yeah)\nMy hands are tired, but not tired enough\nYou're the high that I can't give up\nOh Lord, here we go\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nAt the bottom of a bottle, you're the poison in the wine\nAnd I know I can’t change you and I won’t change\nI might hate myself tomorrow, but I’m on my way tonight\nLet’s be lonely together\nA little less lonely together\nLet’s be lonely together \nLet’s be lonely lonely together\nLet’s be lonely lonely together (little less lonely now)\nA little less lonely now\nA little less lonely now\nA little less lonely now
Few locations are in Kiev, Ukraine🇺🇦☺️✌️
My girl Rita is back stronger than ever. Same for Avicii.
just amazing
아비치 짱
come back AGNEZ MO-LONG GET I PAID https://youtu.be/NWH85qhrdoY🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥🎶🔥
didn't he retire ?
I live tuiiiisssssss
LİSTEN SPEED 0.75
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Khd3lmchNFU SWEDEN-MADE!
Amazing
THIS IS MASTERPIECE!! 😍😍
Here before 10m
Kyiv, Ukraine ☺️
Avicii is love, Avicii is life
Slava Ukrayini!!
aviciiiiiii is backkkk😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
I thought Avicci retired??
Avicii is back 👏👏
2017? anyone?
excellent,  Kiev
Great
Ομικατ😍❣💞💎📿👑💓💕💘🚗👏🤘😎
WOW
hot girl shitty music
generic
Love you avicii
AVICII IS BACK
come on avicii... youve done so much better.
Amazing
Always makes me wana dance ❤
Avicii x Skrillex <3
RITA!!!!
hi
FIREE FIREE
0:07\nFeelsOverwatchMan
marshmello disappeared and avicii reappeared  (,)
Destiny 2 SQUAAAAADDDD
Fenomenalny kawałek!!!!!!!
Moda foke
I might hate myself tomorrow...
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
SHIT.
Avicii is baaaack <3
I love you Avicii
Avicii return)))
Why it have 3.9 milion?
0:00 to 0:08 mannequin challenge 😂
Up to Charts 💪💪
hey yeah~
Much better than over-rated electronic artist like Zedd,Chainsmokers,Dj khaled
😍😍🙈😍😍\n❣ i love avicii ❣
Great track Rita Ora!
Mad collabo
THE CHAINSMOKERS AND AVICII FT. RITA ORA - LONELY TOGETHER
Avicii The Best!!!!!
Tem q ser hit\nTem tudo pra ser so precisa divulga
I'm just here for Olly Murs 😂❤ #mursarmy
OLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYY MMMMUUUUUUURRRRSSSSS 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍👅😂😂❤💋😍😍
Love Olly Murs 😍🙈❤️💗
Like si eres de Latinoamérica (México) y solo viniste a ver a Olly Murs (También me gusta Kungs).
Kungs and olly can do much better than this shit
Encore ce style si propre à lui ! Bien vu :D\nJe suis un jeune producteur, passez écouter mon dernier son j'ai besoin de retours ! <3
Me gusta !! MUSIC IS PEACE👍PEACE IN THE WORLD.
OH i remember where i saw that olly murs guys. On COPA 90!
Sounds like a song John Newman should be singing
crazy how his songs reminds you of good times <3
Kungs doing very well together with those amazing features, like always!! :D
please end me -_-
Beni yalnız bırakmayın lan 🇹🇷
wow great song !!
GJ
Amazing
klappspaten
Is the first song of the El Hormiguero a typical Spanish television programme
whatching while it's under50 k..this is amazing song
HERE BEFORE A MILLION
K U N G S ❤️
Only one day old□□
I hope this is like the first of many new Kungs songs to drop - it would be amazing if he released an album or EP before the end of the year!
LOVED IT! It's a very good song! #Venezuela
Hey Kungs !\n\nI really likes your music but I think you can stop using the same instrument in every songs.... \nTry to make something more original :), you are talented, use your talent :p
Fiquei de olho no sorvete azul do menino kkkk
So beautiful
Love this Song and Love Olly ❤ what a fantastic song for olly to come back with after unpredictable.  Love the beat and Love Ollys Top 😍
Kungs le meilleur  français
Omg, I like it i love you Valentin😍❤️❤️❤️
More mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nMore mess on my thing\nNA NA NA NA \n😍😍
Wow... I did wait this for too long, what a great work ♥♥♡♡💚💚
I ❤️ this great song!
This song should be so big
When u forget they were releasing a new song, cause the teaser was a million years agooo, fuck theyyyy are soo SLOW
You're the best, NO  DOUBT! <3
I love you so much guys❤❤❤❤
your smile is so beautiful and it makes me happy. The video is great. #TeamKungs ❤
Not better than This Girl but still good!!
🇧🇷Adoro este canal é bom D+++++ já estou inscrito no seu canal \nOlá Amores ✨🌹✨ Se você tem uma pessoa especial que merece ser homenageada, marque nesse vídeo. Canção dedicada ao amor em plenitude.  (( O Que Fazer )) Franny 🎧 🎶\nhttps://youtu.be/UNxpEddQ244
Video makes me cringe every second
Magnificent song ❤😍😘
J'adore cette chanson, merci beaucoup, tu as définitivement ta place dans le paysage musical français !
Cet musique va enflammé le monde
La musique de l'été
J'adore^^
Valentin SOCORRO
Good song :D
Maravilhoso meu amor💖💖
Parfait .
Makes me feel good
Was Coely niet ooit bij 101barz??
Tune! so good
Coely is killing it 🔥
mama xoss gan..!! moja paise..!!
Bonito tema.
FLOP
Te amo\nkungs hacés arte\nsalu2 desde México \n#Kungs
281st...
https://youtu.be/-qPkgQbfyZ4
it's amaze
Coely 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Br
Los kungs son los mejores ❤️
❤❤❤👑👑👑🎶🎶🎶
❤❤
Love it 👌👌
228th comment
Ça c'est Kungs !
OU EST VOLVIC
Earlyyy
Parece que dijera Dos mas dos son tres :v
Dj Kungs is Back!
Please subscribe my channel
😍😍😍😍
AWESOME <3
fine video
Quien escribe las canciones??
Ily Kungs, u r amazing ❤
ok
Oh baby a triple
Amo esta cancion ❤🎶\n#mursarmy
Very young talented producer DJ Kungs, SuperStar Olly Murs and hopeful young rapper Coely !!! Perfect combo !!!!
Kungs keeps releasing feel good bangers
OMG, i broke the replay button.
So so amazinggg
Enfin !! La voici !!
I love this!
omg, Coely it's amazing.♥
Super chanson kungs tu représente la France 🇫🇷 avec tes chansons t'es le meilleur ❤️❤️❤️💪💪
C'est quoi cette musique qui déchire !!!!! 🎉🎉🎉👍👍👍
J'adore déjà 😍 j'en pouvais plus d'attendre géniale un nouveau style
Je vous parie que ce son va atteindre le MILLIARD de vues, likez si vous êtes d'accord.
like si eres latin@
Sigue pegando :)  me encanta saludos y felicitaciones desde argentina ;)
Ptsrrr c ets quoi cette merde , le chanteur est a chier jsuis koo
Encore clip et musique d'un Dj hors du commun gros bisous Valentin très beau travail
JE SUIS TROP FAN <3\n \nJ'ai fais un REMIX que vous pouvez trouver ici, dites moi ce que vous en pensez !\nhttps://youtu.be/4Ui4R45_9kU
Ca sent la bonne musique
Come to poland, please🙏💞😊
Guys I know this has nothing todo do with the channel but there was an earthquake in México City yesterday and theres a lot of help needed if you could spreed the word would help a lot
MURICAAAAAAA
1.Make burgers smaller!\n2.???\n3.Profit!
Fluffy Haku the cat at 5:18
My parents don't let me eat out and I can't even remember the last time I had soda.
The CLIKBAIT\nJAJAJAJAJA
I thought you guys had stopped making videos.
so interesting
Sometimes I skip all the meals but most times it's lunch and I eat healthy foods I live in America
my family eats out five times a week......😑I just figured out why i lost weight once i started living on my own....
Rachel is so beautiful!!!
i'll admit the cup sizes made me laugh
The good side of those small cups is there's less waste and also you have less chance to have diabete
even if we say that japanese would eat alot. they would lose it fast cause of how their lifestyle is. 1 example is more walking less riding. compare to americans.
Japan's fast food come in larger portions than Australia's, and Australia is still super high on the 'most obese' scale. When I went to McDonalds in various parts of Japan, 12 year old girls tended to have a medium sized meal with 5-6 nuggets on the side. I'm 25 and I can't eat that much.\n I found most Japanese food to be super salty or sugary. So many sugary fake cream cakes and such.
when I went to the US for the first time, I was shocked almost all Americans are fat
hey there’s singapore too
I love using those big plastic cups for refilling water for when I get home. I drink a loooot of water (I mostly order water at restaurants because I love a good ice water) and my dad thinks I'm insane for drinking a bunch of water (I don't overdo it; plus its healthy!)
Sitting here watching this... and eating A&W fast food...burger and poutine, and root beer. Ha. Oh well, It's not like I eat out every night. It's like maybe twice a month.
This editing tho 😂😂😂
You're alive!
0:37 oh, hey rachel
swole AF 😂
BUSINEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
You guys are hilarious 😂
1:55 whats wrong with rachel ?
Interesting 🤓
BUSINEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS
Canadas 11 lol
#crosspromo  JK, love you guys :)
Swol af
That necklace is gorgeoussss
I watch you guys for the the first time in over a year & its a sponsored ad Jun is still a total Hottie ❤ though :)
The US is far from being the more obese country though. Anyway, those soda cups are too big, AND those tiny water glasses are TOO SMOL ! I need water when I eat lol. Crazy people !
My country's listed at 59 somehow. Woah.
jun, please just stop advertising your cooking jun's kitchen channel ! it already is a big channel with just small amzount of high quality videos. what i trying to say, i love your channel, i so enjoy every videos. but at the same time i hate yout channel, because so less videos........ it is understandable, because high quality videos need times, but still (╬￣皿￣)=○  i need more videosssss ┐(◣_◢)┌
i eat out every friday before band call time on fridays.... CAUSE FOOTBALL!!!!!!!!!!  JK i hate football i just like the musics...
I don't think Americans are fat because of portion size or caloric intake. I mean I eat wayy more than anyone I know and I weigh about 135 and I'm 5'10. But the difference is that I actually eat fruits and vegetables rather than just the standard American diet, which has a lot less calories and carbs than I eat in a normal day. But those are just my views on it lol no hate to anyone out there :)
Plus, which is why i like cities more than subers, we have to drive everywhere so we dont get our daily exercise
i laughed so hard at the business part oml
Wow! You make beautiful jewelry too? Girl, is there anything you can't do?!!?
I desperately need a new cooking video on Jun's Kitchen!
Rachael :D do you cook too? \nOr does just usually do the cooking at home? ^^
Ha ha shameless plugs at the end!!! 🤣🤣 I love it! \nI wish I could cook what jun has on his channel... 1. No time 2. Some of the ingredients are hard to come by. 3. I suck at cooking 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The necklaces and jewelry from your collection are GORGEOUS! If only I had money to but them tho....
I always just drink water. Juice and soda adds uncessary calories
In Portugal drink sizes are similar to Japan in fast food restaurants but at home we do have a habit of drinking with our meals in large glasses and it's usually wine :P
Rachel dressed in business clothes will forever be engraved into my memory as the most beautiful sight of my life. It's going to be the last thing to flash through my life memories before I pass away from old age. Bless.
Howdy guys, I've been watching your videos for quite some time now and wanted to say that you guys are great! My favorite videos are probably the ones about your cat's and the collaborations you do with other youtubers. Now, a question I'm having is can you go to Japan with an online bachelors degree? I can't go to a regular college due to medical issues I'm having right now and the online college I am looking at is WGU, they are like any other college only online. I've looked through JET and many other places but can't seem to find anything on this. I was hoping since you live in Japan and are able to read their language a lot better than I that you might be able to find something. Maybe a video could be made on this? Like where people can go to find out this kind of information and so fourth. Again, thanks for the videos and looking forward to future ones!
Okay. I wathced this video after founding it in the trending page 3 days ago I think, and now I must say I am a huge fan now! \nThe content you both make is amazing and your relationship alone its gorgeous. i´m subbed now to your three channels and hope you´ll grow more in the platform :) \nThanks! (from Mexico)
How do you eat meals with no water D:
That subtle promotion of Jun's cooking channel though HAHHA
Great video, guys! Very interesting :)
So I'm aware this is a serious topic and I'd hate for any japanese girl to think she's fat or ugly just bc she isn't idol-thin but tHe PHOTOSHOP! I'm crying omg what's wrong with their legs?? and the hips ohh myy
I'm still shocked that not drinking fluids during meals help with digestion. I eat like a grandpa and I choke on my food almost every time so I need water to swallow things easily.\n\nAlso, I think different ingredients or preparation methods can be the reason why some items have a higher calorie-per-gram content. Most of the time, one will have a higher fat content than the other (as fat has 9 kcal per gram, while carbs and protein have 4 kcal per gram, according to most nutrition labels).
We have the second most are u serious?
the sellout is strong in this one but I still like you guys keep going!
it might be the first time i have adds at the end of the video instead of having them at the beginning ahahhaha\njk, love your cooking channel!
When I was younger, my family would never have anything to drink with dinner. Mostly because of me. I would drink all of my drink and be too full to eat.
the end of this was weird and made me uncomfortable
I usually have a small drink of tea with me when I eat because I have psychosomatic esophageal spasms when I eat sometimes :D
wow the quality of this video is crazy<3
I think the main cause is the sugar intake from large amount of fizzy drinks, \nSugar is much worse than fried food and burgers
*looks in the mirror* Im surprised the average for SG is only 23.6...\n\n*looks at everyone in my class* Yeah... nvm XD
Jun is cute if he cuts his hair short
“And check my cooking channel <Jun’s kitchen>, where a demonstrate to you how to correctly sharpen a shitty knife into a master piece”. \nThat gives more publicity!
I fail to see the difference between the S and M size fries from McD's Japan. They look exactly the same. The Teritama Burger does look really good though haha.
Funny n very informative !! 👏 i love the effort !!
I was just gonna compare some cups \n               -Jun 2017\n lololol Rachel be really taking one for the team by going all the way spending 50 bucks!!! LOL
I love this!! So glad to see the differences between us. Tons of information as well. And if this was just a clever way to promote Jun's Kitchen I ain't even mad 😂
Sugar plays in the biggest role in making people fat and 2nd is genes.\n\nPS. Rachel is super hawt
The only time I eat out is ordering pizza and that rare. I really hate fast food.
I don't think the Japanese people eating out only once a week statement is right. A lot of Japanese people eat out but the cost is just cheaper than eating out in America
HA!!! Just goes to show that it is not the real food value in fast food that is the problem but how often you eat this fast food. How interesting to see that Japanese Fast food has more calories.... just that Japanese people eat less fast food WOW. A really interesting and informative video, well done you two.
YOU GUYS FINALLY UPLOADED A VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!
I don't usually spend a lot of money on jewelry or anything but I saw this collection and fell in love! I hope to get it soon💕
How do Japanese people have time to cook especially when they work till really late? My parents are both working (they usually come home at like 8) and I’m studying for my finals. We barely find time (to be honest I think we’re just lazy) to shop for groceries and cook on weekdays.
well even as a Canadian, I was surprised at how big the Large size Mcdonald Ice coffee is in the states, compared to the Canadian cup
The Japanese small cups are so cute like babies
Maybe someone already said this but I heard that the reason the french fries in Japan are higher in calories is because they're fried in beef fat instead of regular veg oil.  Thus making them fattier but also more delicious!
Are you going to post more now or...?
am i the only one who likes *jun in a suit*
But...but...what about all the vending machines, noodle shops, and eikeben?
I'm not even mad that I watched an almost 6 minutes add for Jun's kitchen
Truly a great video. can't imagine how hard it was to make. Thanks.
Its the same here and germany. Also whenever i go to my parents house in the uk. It super small, not that i eat outside anymore since im a vegan.
When you realize all this work and research was to advertise Juns kitchen
For some reason I didn't receive this video in my subscription box??
Also, there are laws in Japan that require a certain amount of fitness so people are more aware of the need to stay healthy. In America nothing forces people to be healthy so people just don't care. Especially in poor areas where it's cheaper to eat junk food than healthy food.
Just drink water instead of soda. Better to spend the calories on food and never liquid calories.
Although I do respect that every country has there own type of beauty but I find being that skinny is very unhealthy looking i prefer to have a strong body not looking sickly and dead. I prefer Ameeican man with a built body not some scrawny little boy looking type of man .No offence of course. Besides personality is what matters most!
Raaaaacheeellll, where did you get that pretty blue floral dress you are wearing? I love it so much. ;_;
Canada is similar but not as bad as America ... idk I was always skinny so maybe that's just genetics. I also don't drink as much when I eat as much as most ppl I know
That was a really weird transition from subject of the video to the self advertisement.\n\nThey were so out of place that they felt like a bit.
I absolutely love this! I like all of the details and research that was put in about the food, plus it was really fun to see all of the skits put into it. One of my favorite videos on this channel! (and I like Jun's Kitchen too haha)
Japanese all walk everywhere. They also have convenience stores that sell fast food that isn’t high in fat or calories. So if you are on the go, you have healthy options. Americans often only walk to their cars and back. Lack of movement and easy healthy options has a lot to do with it...
People say: go to Japan & you’ll lose weight.\nWhat a joke. Stop filling yourself garbage and you’ll lose weight.
i can kinda see not drinking while eating, i'm the same way but its more like i save the drink for last lol. Not sure why but unless i'm eating something very salty i normally take maybe 1 or 2 sips of my drink and thats it
The large US drink from BK is over a fucking litre wtf
That sad moment when you adore Rachel and Jun’s jewellery collection ((British Spelling)) but you’re a student so you can only admire from afar... 😍🌸
deep water more pressure, space vacuum & radiation so we need suitable suites and environment. simple instead of long boring video :P
I still dont really get the preassure thing tbh :(\nWhy would preassure be a thing i would have to handle with if im in a building underwater?\nYou even mentioned how submariens dont deal with the preassure.
This whole thing was very narrow minded and short sighted.\n\nIf we had the technology to build under water biospheres, pressure wouldn't be an issue. The structural integrity of the system would be high enough to not need to highly pressurize the air inside to combat the external pressure. Boom. Air pressure problem solved.\n\nWe have the means to generate artificial sunlight that can grow plants and stimulate vitamin d production.\nBoom your vitamin D problem solved. Plant growth problem solved.\n\nRegular plumbing. Boom. Urine / waste issue solved.\n\nHumidity. Really? Ever hear of dehumidifiers? Problem solved.\n\nLiterally every problem you mentioned has already been solved. We do have the technology and means to build such a structure. It would be massive and immensely thick to hold back the water pressure but we *COULD* do it.\n\nCO2 scrubbing and water reclamation. The list goes on.\n\nWhat a short sighted video.
I've got a question, why is salt and pepper singled out as the 2 condiments that you would want most with food?
Given money and resource isn't an issue, couldn't we solve all those issues with tidal generators (powering machines that normalise pressure), giant sunlight simulating LED's, aquaphobic coatings and genetically modified plants to create extra oxygen for a set populous?
Underwater? Outer space? Why not both!? Stargate Atlantis <3
What are we doing to prevent global warming
Great video, well done, well researched. I shared it.
Serious question:  When a person eats sweets, if one's pancreas does not produce enough insulin on its own, one becomes diabetic.  When one uses artificial sweeteners, does one have the possibility of becoming a patient of artificial Diabetes?  Given the sweetness of these artificial sweeteners, would it not fool the pancreas and other bodily functions to cause such a situation?
If there's so much radiation in space, how do astronaughts stay safe whlist in space?
Why an earth would you want to live underwater?
You can have your underwater envionment at normal atmospheric pressure as long as your habitat is built strongly enough. The humidity thing is BS, it can be as dry as you want.
I think all my friends have got the Bends
Why can't you have a double wall structure with pressurized walls and have regular pressure for the people inside?
Where have I seen him?😅
yea people, living underwater isnt a good idea, i choose space
In reference to the flashes of light that astronauts see when they close their eyes from radiation effects, it can also be caused by Cherenkov radiation. Ground based experiments have not narrowed the exact cause yet, so both direct nerve optic nerve interaction and Cherekov radiation are the suspected causes.
We are not fish.
Don't be stupid, comeback to reality.
What about using virtual reality to 'fool' the brain to not feel like you are in a small enclosed space ?
The Bends is a great album.
Arguably, their BEST album!
SeaQuest DSV <3
Would our bodies be able to adapt to all those not so friendly conditions throughout generations though? Evolution has shown that adaptations to crazy things are possible.
On the oil rig Byford Dolphin there was an incident where 4 divers died from explosive decompression, their body's exploded and chunks were thrown up to 30m's away, and now I know exactly how, cheers Greg!
No gods or kings, only man.
8/10 NEEDS MOAR WATER!!!
9:35 that face lol
Actually mentioned Bioshock, kewl
He's so hot.
If someone had the infinite amount of funds, what would a city on the ocean require? How many people can one city handle? What would be the minimum and maximum amount of the population in that city?
Martini effect= Sex on the Beach affect to those of us left behind in Thatchers Britain!
Book recommendation for everyone who enjoyed this video: Seveneves.
First
Shiit 2nd :D
I drove an hour with a broken toe and waited for 2 hours to meet you in katy :) yes it was worth it :) I love and miss youuuuu ah
I'm genuinely happy for you❤️
I read the book in one day! It’s AMAZING! I love you so much!
that singer was amazing!
WE HAVE THE SAME SHIRT (: (:
I cant find your book anywhere in New Zealand but as soon as I can track it down I’m gonna buy it, super excited and so proud of you gab ❤️
Your deaf because the mucus in ur nose is blocking ur ears
I'm crying life got in the way and I couldn't go see you im legit crying rn I love you so much you don't even know
Someone get that man a record deal he was so good
Was that grama a dude dressed up?
I WAS TGE ONE WEARING THE SKELINGTON SHIRT AT 4:50
IM LIVING FOR THAT LAUGH AFTER SAYING SHE WAS SICK
I'm a relatively new subscriber and I only watched your videos in the mornings getting ready for work. I preordered your book like on the 15th from Amazon and got it on the 18th. I'm really enjoying it and I love your videos. Thank you for being genuine and amazing.
IT! WHEN SHE SAID IT I DIED OF JOY I LOVE IT
Gabbie i can't afford your song or your book. I feel like i'm not enough as a fan. :(
5:28 the guard behind gabbie is looking at her ass
so cool! I always run into people from Pittsburgh any time i travel. also live for the emo music played over montages
Im late on this video to but its ok i love ur make up to💙💙
wish i had money yo get your book!!!!!!! also you should've come to Minnesota
Funny bc she actually Wore her makeup like this on her book tour bc she left her brushes somewhere😂
gabbie u should come to Kansas
i loved that you used my favourite TBS song <3
Go to the hoapital and get your ears drained
Gabbie is so successful and I'm proud of her!
😳wa I've always used my fingers to do my makeup
I want my book to come already, i've been so excited for it for months and it hasn't arrived T_T
I usually don't like the ending cause the video is over but I liked the ending cause it's out loud
I live in Houston and wanted to go see you and buy your book but I couldn’t
Sorry I didn’t go but I mean it was Joey or you and uhh... yea sorry 😐
I deadass cried when I saw your book in Target yesterday. Im so proud of you!!
I live in Houston and I wish I could have gone but I had sports practice. Whyyyyyyy
Omg the same ear thing happened to me
Taking back sundaaaay! My favorite 💜 loving these vlogs gabbie! I know you've been having a rough time but we all are seriously so proud of you! And you're doing amazing! 💜💜💜
It would be a pleasure to be sicked by the gabbie show
GABBIE I SAW YOU AT THE BOOK STORE IN GRAPEVINE!!! I LOVE YOU!! <3
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCKING FUCK FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1! I'M SO MAD I DON'T LIVE IN KATY ANY MORE AND BECAUSE OF THE HURRICANE I CAN'T GO TO KATY CUZ ITS THE STREETS ARE CLOSED!!!!!!!!!! FUUUUUUUUUUIUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!!!111!!1!!!!! YOU BETTER MAKE A OTHER BOOK GABBIE!!!! DX
Tana and Gabbie new physic twins, their shaking in their boots
YOU BETTER WIFE THAT SINGER
Bought the book, hasn't arrived yet, so excited though!!
That's it. I'm going to pre-order the book (it isn't out I the Netherlands yet)
THE SECURITY GUY IN THE BACKGROUND WHEN THE DUDE WAS SINGING LMAOOOOOOO
*I LOVE GABBIE SO MUCH*  ❤💙💚💛💜🖤
come to dacono Colorado!!!!! Pwease!!
When are you coming to North Carolina?
please come to louisana some time because i love you and like if you live in louisana
why not direct your fans to a charity instead of giving you gifts?
I wanted to go but I was scared to go alone 😭 I wish I would have gone to meet you!!! ♥️♥️
Gabbie, I ordered the book and couldn't wait for it to arrive, but it didn't arrive on the 19th. I waited a couple of days, but it still hadn't arrived, so my mum looked online and it still hasn't been dispatched and will arrive from the 4th-25th of October... 😢 😭
Her vlogs arnt that behind anymore she just said she had no brushes not too long ago on her snapchat.  Go follow gabbie on snapchat @the gabbie show
Ooohh Gabby is using the same contour pallet I have
I've been putting off buying the book cause I've been busy but I just did while watching this video! I relate to out loud so much and I'm so excited! If you see this... I want to do out loud in Sign language for my channel!!?
I'm just a few hundred miles away from Houston. Why couldn't she come to San Angelo Texas 😭
WAIT! GABBIE NEEDS TO GET THAT SEXY SINGERS NAME. HE WAS CUTE AND HE OBVIOUSLY THOUGHT GABBIE WAS HOT. THEY NEED TO DATE!
OMG I LIVE IN TEXAS CAN YOU COME TO AUSTIN😍😍😍
I only use my fingers XD
The face of the grandma in 5:35😂😂😂
I really wish I could go D'X my closest book stop has been sold out for a while. maybe one day she will come back to New York so I could meet her :(
Please come to Virginia!
I AM DYING! \nI am originally from the town where you had the first book signing but I now live in CO! \nThats katy mills mall! Thats the mall I literally hung out at every weekend of jr high! I went through so much stuff there as weird as that sounds! I wish I could have been there to meet you there cause it honestly would have meant a little more! \nCrazy! haha
Gabbie!! I just ordered your book!
Omg i cant beleive how amazing you are
i'm sad i couldn't come to see you while you were here, but i'm still sending you love from houston!
Gabbie i love you ❤️💕 have fun on book tour and please if you do another book tour come to Oahu PLEASE but if you can't I understand. 😄
I love how Gabbie is so real. Unlike other youtubers she is open to her fans and just tells the truth, without being fake and making things up. I love you Gabbie <3
gabbie how long are you staying in houston?
Please do a UK book signing!
hey gabby if you're reading this i think some people would like a longer slower clip of all of your fans who came to your tour stop so they can almost pick out faces from the crowd!
I bought adultolesons (sorry for my bad spelling..), and sometimes secretly, I take the book to school and the poems really inspire me and sometimes I write them down, and I got an 100% on poet! Hopefully you are okay with that, if you arent I will stop doing it :)
I got chills when I met that little girl and when that guy sang😭😍😭😍😭
I'm so proud of gabbie
Girl that man was so many levels of fine.
If you came to my city and you were sick I would be honored to catch a cold from you 😭😭💀
Does anyone know if the guy who sang has an instagram?
Conspiracy theory on our shirt with pikachu😂😂
I BOUGHT YOUR BOOK❤️
Ahhh I started crying, is this normal? Anyone else?
She's so fucking nice to her fans I love it 😍
The officer is MY BROTHER!!!  Officer Justice!!  (Yes it's our name)Hahaha!!  He worked the event b/c I asked him if he could so he could get a book signed for me since she isn't coming to Philly.  Best Brother Ever!!!  \nhttps://twitter.com/amy9181/status/910463344175468546
Come to Canada Mississauga so I can buy your book because I would really enjoy reading your book
I WISH I COULD MEET YOU!! :(
i am just so proud of you gabbie. keep killing it girl! ❤❤
You were in Houston and I didn't get to see you I'm like an hour away 😭😭
Why don't you just buy some cheap brushes from target
Bro did this makeup thing ever happen to you???\n\n\nRead More
Wait how can you play that much of that song while you were signing books? Did I miss something? No copy write? I definitely know that song somehow.
MY BABY IS IN HOUSTOOOONNNNNNNNN
Why is there blood on your tissue?\nwas your nose bleeding???
Omg this is the mall I've been going to since I was 10 😭😭💕💕💕💕GABBIE
Causally playing emo music
5:29 That guard is checking out her ass
I still wanna know how Gabbie did her eyebrows without a brush!!
I JUST WANNA BREAK YOU DOWN SO BADLY~ 🎶
That security guard kept checking you out lol, but I see why cause you were looking fine! That body is goals girl! ❤
gabbie is literally so radiant and glowing! i'm also really happy that she's so confident with her body now and seems so happy and carefree !
PIKACHU!
The granny is soooo kind
DANGITT I GOT NO TICKETS IM IN NAC NUUUUU
Didn't you get your brows microbladed?
clickbait title
WAS THAT MADEA
Where are the so called, Absolutely Horrific Images?
Societies are a direct reflection of the people who live in\nand create them. Mexicans created Mexico. Mexico blows for one reason and one reason only. Mexico blows\nbecause it’s full of LOW STANDARDS, LOW MORALS life style Mexicans. Everywhere\na Mexican goes in the world, he can only recreate the disaster that is Mexico. This is because this is what his culture has programmed\nhim to do.\n\n\n\n80% of Mexico\nwants to come to America.\nIf we let 90 million more Mexicans flood our heaving shores, America\nwill become Mexico\nNorth by default.\n\n\n\nMexico\nhands down is the most horrifically dark and corrupt country on the face of the\nearth. Try driving across the Yucatan\nor down the Pacific coast...The government preys on the people and has for 400\nyears. They drive their poor slaves northward so that they can export their\ndiseases and poverty to the US.\nThey want the $26 Billion a year they send home. \n\n\n\n\n\nIf our inefficient and corrupt government actually cared about Americans or the\nMexican people they'd close the borders and deport all the illegals they could\ncatch. The returning Mexicans (who are owed nothing by the US)\nwould probably plunge the country of Mexico\ninto political turmoil and unless that happens things there will remain pretty\ndark. \n\n \n\nMexico\napparently falls into the same foreign policy category as Saudi\n  Arabia. Just as the State Department\nis willing to overlook the gross human rights abuses of King Salman in the\ninterests of oil and “regional stability,” it is equally willing to give\nMexico´s Enrique Peña Nieto the benefit of the doubt even in the face of\nmounting evidence of the repressive and corrupt tendencies of his government\nand his party\n\n \n\nThe State\nDepartment’s most recent report on human rights in the world points the\nfinger explicitly at China,\nEgypt,\nEritrea,\nEthiopia,\nIran,\nRussia,\nSyria\nand even Saudi Arabia.\nYet for Mexico,\nit goes out of its way to protect national elites by locating problems strictly\nat the local level and among narco-traffickers. The report\nalso flat-out lies, stating that there were “no reports of political prisoners\nor detainees” and that the Mexican government “generally respected” freedom of\nspeech and assembly.\n\n \n\nToday, Mexico\nis one of the most dangerous\ncountries in the world, confirmed by the international press and news media,\nwith frequent assassinations and threats against journalists, mass killings,\nsavage public assasinations including women and children. For instance, on Feb\n8, Anabel\nFlores Salazar, a brave, 27-year-old crime and corruption reporter became\nthe fifteenth journalist assassinated in the state of Veracruz\nduring the five-year reign of Gov. Javier Duarte, a close ally of Peña Nieto.\nOver a dozen journalists have been killed in the line of duty throughout Mexico\nsince Peña Nieto took office. According to the free press group Article\n19, the vast majority of these cases involve the direct participation of\ngovernment officials.\n\n \n\nIn addition\nto direct violence against journalists, government censorship of the media has\nincreased. A long list of independent journalists are excluded from radio and\ntelevision for their anti-government views and Mexico's leading radio news\nanchor, Carmen Aristegui, was arbitrarily fired, apparently on direct\norders from the office of the president.
My prayers to the dead ones may they rest in peace, and to all the injured ones hoping they get better asap. \nPeace,love and support from the mideast,Lebanon❤
An earthquake strikes on the anniversary of a much larger one while they were doing an earthquake drill!!??  This can't be a coincidence.
man is the world really gonna end
Prayers and thoughts and strong hope for these poor people...♥️🙏🏼
My prayers go out to those affected ...Mexico with the earthquake and Puerto Rico with the hurricane my prayers go out to both countries ...🇵🇷🇲🇽 stay strong ...God bless everyone
Beside of the earthquake problem, the government, the politicians, the soldiers, the marines  don´t have a organiced plan for keep peolpe alive and in good contidions, they are killing us. They forbid us (common people) and rescuers to help the injured persons. We are organiced, they aren´t. We are helping, they award themselves the donations of medicine, food, water, etc.\nThe consecuences of  earthquake are not only in Mexico City but in other states, in far villajes tha affects to millions of people that are invisible for interational viewers. \nIt´s a real fact here in Mexico and the government are not with us. it is not only a media event for you to pray for us, it´s a political problem, but mexican people are united.
Lmao mother nature did something good for once
Viva Mexico #fuerzamexico
That's what the looters get for looting USA.
'Horrific images' *shows some buildings and dust* OK.
Please don't be selfish help us (Mexico) and support use please don't be selfish we are one 💪👬👬👬👭👫👭 #weareone
People in the comment section be like I'll pray for Mexico lol why don't you do something that would actually help
I bet Donald Trump is having a party about this.
I think earthquakes are justreally weird and spooky. I really don't think it has any symbolic gesture though. We know what they are
Condolences to those to lost there their loved ones.
An earthquake with a category 5 hurricane in the bottom corner.....it's the end times!
Love to Mexico from America.
People was depressed by 2016 and 2017 was even worse god bless god bless god bless spread love there is no time for hate ❤️❤️❤️
Is New Mexico ready to rock!? 🤘
Maybe they should build better. I get over 7 earthquakes and our city is fine
why'd godzilla have to do mexico like that
that's a real bs .it happened in the same day that the one that happened in 1985.
0:01 The map is wrong, that's not Mexico City.
Jesus say who is next ?
Amerikkka can't blame this on Terrorist or Muslims
Is this bad business for the drug cartels?
>getting out any way they can\n>videos show everyone just standing around; one guy even walks casually.\n\nYou might be filming a real event but you're still fake news.
This Was Actually Stronger.. 7.1 my Balls.
Every year it will get worse and worse. No matter what.
please use motion vibration ( used in car security ) to atleast figure in initial stage that their is an earthquake wether than wasting time with talking to each other there is an earthquake or not
Save the hispanic women!
My heart and my prayers go out to Mexico and to everyone affected by this terrible earthquake. God bless.
God is doing this for a reason for us human being to believe that he is real and that his son Jesus Christ is on his way he's doing this to prepare us for the second coming 😇
Repent turn to Jesus Christ for the remission of sins he is god of universe who will judge everyone
Hmm September is a good month for the media a lot of stuff to report. Good way to keep your eyes glued on the news. Largest hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, floods tsunami, etc. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Yesterday and today I help taking debris from fallen buildings. Is very touching see the city like this, every body is offering food, water, a place to stay or any kind of help. The help is that much that they are asking stop going to help because we are getting in the way, because we are to many\n..  I saw a person with one leg taking derbis just like me and i allmost cry. We live in a caotic place to live, and we are grumpys allmost all the time, but I can tell you that I've never see people more loveley like I did in this couple of days  (and I know Canadian people...)
It’s time for government Geoengineering of extreme weather events to stop. This is immoral. This is murder.
i hope everyone is okay, stay safe and ily all 💕
To much stress to me this last days, thank of god that i don't suffer nothing but it feels horrifying, such a bad experience, i have no feel that much scariness in my lifei
This reporter just said “you are looking at people screaming” 🤔
CHRIST YOU’RE AROUND THE CORNER!!! 🙌🏾
Make sure you have a bug-out location & a portable generator like the Kodiak:  https://youtu.be/OiUUkrof3Yo
I pray that the missing kids are found, the parents of those kids that were lost find peace and those others affected are helped. My heart is shattered and I feel selfish being able to hug my girls and to be able to wake up to a home today. Please be grateful, be sympathetic. This is a devastating situation and to those who have bread in the table share a piece with those in need. My heart is with Mexico, Puerto Rico, Florida, Houston, Africa and other countries who are fighting to get by. My heart may not be plenty but if I could be out there I would be. 💕
My heart with México #FuerzaMexico
is it a coincidence that all of these DISASTERS are happening right after one another????
*This has nothing to do with global warming, it doesn't exist* says -
Wake up people! This is no fluke. Another earthquake on anniversary  of 1985 deadly quake 30 yrs ago. The lord is coming he told us when  these things began to happen then is time to look up be ready. \nMay peace b with u all. And prayers going out to mexico much love. Be ready be prepared have faith. Much love
That's one way to get all the rats out of the buildings. Sadly, now the US will invite the entire population of Mexico here, for the entitlements and free housing.
For people of Italy , be prepped for the earthquake, you are the next don't ask how do I  know that  but I want you remember that I already warned you, it will be strong as you never seen before
This is what happens when we frack Mother Earth for oil companies. Mother Earth responds back like this and people still vote for Republicans and Democrats in the USA knowing they that both political parties are pro-fracking🙄
God bless all these people
that's what the people think u will see,ur lost in this world with everyone else
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
This is so sad prayers goes out to Mexico 😭😭😭😭
I blame white people for shoving all pf them down south
someone play a song by ksi earthquake and this happens...
Lol Mexico didn't help the US with Irma, looks like karma came full circle. Hopefully the US doesn't send any money to this deplorable country.
Bet the people typing mean comments wouldnt say that in real life.
America is using haarp once again.
I hope and pray that they are ok.
Trump did this
Dios mio
Happy anniversary .
Pray for Mexico
Infinity wars official trailer
estamos con ustedes   fueraza  Mexico.
Total property damage,   <$1000
Horrific
💔💔😔😢😢😢
I blame trump
2017 wtf!
https://youtu.be/o5WBOQtMb4A
HE is coming!
Now is 225 deads
MSNBC showing this clip. Surprised they aren’t blaming President Trump for the earthquake.  #FakeNews  #BuildTheWall  #MAGA
Blame HARRP
2 pac coming
Tyranitar is super effective against Indians with sweaty backs
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
and yesterday JAPAN
Wow..
You are excellent
deep sea drilling anyone?
Fake news
What concerns me is that there is no news coming in from Puebla.  Puebla is a huge city and quite near the epicenter of this earthquake.  No news from Puebla in this case is very bad news.  My grandfather built a beautiful university in Puebla and I would really like news from Puebla if you can get it.  Any advice would be appreciated.
Wish all the corrupt people in Mexico die in that earthquake
Isn't Mexico supposed to look like that always ?
FInally Real news . . .     All the FAKE news from MSNBC has left me untrusting of the Fake News Industrial Complex.      FYI  I did have to confirm that there was a earthquake
where am I going to get my tacos now
Instead of sending white men to do all the dirty work, why don't dreamers go down there and help their own people?
Well Mexicans you're going to need them wetbacks we are going to send back to you you should put them to work
It's time for Mexicans to go back home and help.
I hope everyone's okay. Stay safe for all of the survivors in Mexico. We love you.
To look at the bright side , Mexico is already a third world country so besides lives lost (which is sad), infrastructure will probably not end up much worse after.
Give money for support? Can you imagine...building a wall after this? So you suffered through a devastating earthquake? Good. Stay there.
its not that horrific im disappointed
Earthquakes, hurricanes...what else?
FAAAAKE NEEEWS!
Take a shot every time she says Girl
I like how she just throws her bag like it a ball
I want PR so bad! I would cherish that little mini fridge! It's so cute!!
When she threw the Gucci bag, my college tuition flashed before my eyes.
All of the makeup literally looks like she hadn't even touched them before filming the video...
When all the Gucci items add up to more then you can budget to spend on yourself in the next two years 😂😂😂
Don't worry, I won't hurt you. Proceeds to throw them carelessly.
You can tell she's okd
why did u suddenly turn into taehyung the gucci king lol
Wow im so jealous hmu girl I'm just a broke drunk uni girl xoxoxox love you so much pls someone support and like this
Missed these types of videos from her 😍💞💞
LOL she had to get Mario to send her foundation.. she couldn't buy it herself?
Omg, obsessed with your makeup look right now!!!! So gorgeous, and the hair, YES!!!!! 💖💯‼️
What is happening with the background noise lol? Do you have a cat? Am I the only one who noticed That??
$145 for a pair of socks.....damn
I adore you, but I dunno if that eye look goes with the bold lip. The bright pink lip kind of makes that lower lid look like you've got bad allergies, have been crying hard, or are coming down with pink eye.\n\nYour eyeshadow is flawless otherwise.
wait, she loves that bag but throws it around like that? she just has so much gucci that none of it means anything XD already turned off from this video, but whatever she doing her i guess
Wow talk about being materialistic and shallow
Where is that sweater from? Does anybody know?
If anyone is wondering the outro song is Dangerous Girl by 1waytkt
Can someone add all this up? This video is literally thousands of dollars
I've been loving the $10 Snoopy shirt I've been deciding wether or not to buy for a month on Amazon.
She's been looking worse and worse lately....
no way are you actually MAC NC45 when you're tanned..that's my shade and I'm Indian lmao
yeah it's such a genius idea to review your favourites and then throw them across the room after you present them
Why am I subbed to Gigi Gorgeous? 😩\nStop forcing your suckage on me YouTube!!!!!! 😡
U remind me of my Barbie cartoon I used to watch
Nats, Gigi and you are so cute together so beautiful,, but too much makeup for Gigi
The lips are not feminine they are hideous, you are a skinny Trisha.
Omg it's like totally my favourite thing - never worn it, still has the tags 👀
...bullshit, she looks like a meth addicted pole dancer at a titty bar called Wrinkles & Scars...
No hate but her hair looks like ramen noodles
Any small youtubers want to support each other?
GiGi ... pleasssssssse 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 do a tutorial on your eye make up in this vid .. i am so in love with it ❤️❤️❤️ #staygorgeous
why is a  lot of gucci clothing legit ugly tho
What are these catlike noises in the background?
Yessss I live for Gucci! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
guurl i love you and actually bought some of the items you showed in your favorites <3 PS: people let her do what she wants and if you think she is materialistic or anything then stop watching her video and go be sad !
Did your hair day  to be on style mermaid very  chic!
anyone else trying to look to see the pricetags price of the knee high socks?
Omg you lips look so much better now.
You have awesome things!!!! \nYou are great!!
he keeps looking uglier and uglier. im sure he stopped taking his hormones.
did anyone else hear the cat screaming in the background?
Long hair looks way better
I'm not gonna lie i got triggered when she threw the bag, The OCD Went wild xD
You are looking gorgeous! Love the makeup and hair! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
buying a 1790$ bag is stupid
Can you please get ready with Jeffrey star on his PJ
Oh my god, those boots are $1,600.... \n\nI don't know why I even thought I could afford them when I saw them. Haha.
Gigi doesn't care about YouTube now that she has that billionaire money. Too booked to be bothered hunnnayyy!
Since Gigi did her lips she just looks less feminine...
For real thought the cat in the back was my cat. Looked over and hes asleep. Damn that cat meows alot!
No hate but Y  she throwing (almost) everything away > showing how much she appreciate the things  😐😐🤔🤔 easy comes easy goes
Those sneakers look like something I would have worn when I was 12 ... actually probably not even then lol
Why do you always throw your things after showing them
Gig I want a reality show from u I'm talking Kardashian
i watch these just to watch her throw stuff. I've been watching since like 2010 when she used to throw stuff behind her and sometimes break stuff lol.
I don't want to stain this white couch *sprays it anyway*
1:20 Wait.... the bag is blue? Am I the only one seeing purple?!
This is everything. I severely missed your iconic throwing of items!
I'm sorry but I really don't like the hair at all and the makeup looks really bad. Come on Gigi you can do much better. 😡😡
her hair is blended so well
I’m living for this makeup girl!!!! I think I can recreate it with the Jaclyn hill palette by morphe.
Looking GORGEOUS! I love you but you tend to over do the lips but this is perfect! xoxo ps: the louboutin paloma bag would look SO good on you!
I'm obsessed with this hair <3 <3 <3 Giving me major Daryl Hannah Splash vibes <3 <3 <3
you're the man!😁
UGHHH your so pretty I can't stand it!!! ❤️❤️❤️😭😭 Gigi I love you!!
Gigi I'm really feeling your hair and your brows 😍
I'm so jelly she got the whole Candy Johnson line .. I want the giant lollipop products! !! soooo freeking cute 😍 I'm in love 💙💚💛💜
You're so beautiful😍
nice blue purse
Closet tour video
Are you trans
i loveeee that tanner its amazing
You look beautiful
what happened? looking very bricky...
Kinki boots
You need allah
Gigi is soo adorable...love her
The sneakers look like mature twinkle toes
Stop..
$760 for a headband. Y tho.
Hot diggity damn.
chingon
your so PRETTYYYY!!!! TODAY!!!😍😍😚
vain af
the Adam Apple tho
Ur such a clutz gigi 😂
Love your hair!!!!!
That outro tho
That ramen noodle hair! #heyyyJT #heyyyXtina
Jakim pustostanem jest ta osoba....
Stop throwing these expensive items ! So disrespectful and a ridiculous attitude
Mexico is in such a bad situation, and this girl is just showing her Favs
Check out my latest video!  😘
So where does her money come from?
I will never for the life of me understand people whom live in excess like this.
Who was the designer of the sneakers she has? i couldn't understander her and the captions didn't help.
Most superficial, materialistic video Ive seen of you..... Dissapointing
can you do the same thing with pennywise? show us different versions like the original, the new version, female version & maybe a  cool pennywise. u kno, like a pennywise who's actually an edgy tumblr kid
i thought i had a crush on you with red hair......but now as a brunette, phew...my hearts aflutter
You almost resemble Jennifer Lawrence in this video!
Im a long time veiwer and genuine uncontested adult grown up, and I have to say, I love how you keep your youtube channel a safe and positive place for kids.
you freaking SLAY in that wig you should try a dark hair colour some day 😩😩😩
This is the sponsored content I'm HERE FOR
Wow epic sponsors! Haha I love wonderwoman options! Yay options! :D Looks fabulous Lex 💚
Ugh lex you're such an icon AND I LOVE YOU
Hello Lex! Weird question, but how tall are you? I'm curious for whatever reason lol. Love you!
hey do u think u can do a tutorial on coraline? maybe a pretty simple look like with no button eyes or stitched mouth? thank u! ps: love your videos :)
Dude your drawers shut closed when you mentioned they weren't in the shot before 😱😱
Lex, do u think u can do a Halloween video I'm trying to get ideas and make up for Halloween I love you!!!!!
YASSSSSS I've been waiting for this video ever since I saw the movie.......which was only 2 weeks ago
I am so here for the WW sponsored content. Love this!
Come thru sponsors!! 🙌 Warner Brothers and Party City, girl you betta cut that check! 😄😄😄
Yasss I love when you do tutorials that are 3/4 different ways! 💙💙💙
As always, love the video!
YOU SHOULD DO A PENNYWISE THE DANCING CLOWN MAKEUP TUTORIAL ! ! ! \n\n\n\n\nplease?
Halloween party inspiration :) Love these looks!
Hey Lex? when you were doing your liner it looked like you had some sort of white makeup sponge or something on your fingers but I didn't see you use it anywhere else. What is that and why do you choose to use it?
I like # 1. &   # 3. The most.
WOW, awesome! You are Rockin the Wonder Woman look!! 😊😊😊
LEX YOU INSPIRED ME TO MAKE A BODY ART / MAKEUP CHANNEL ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Could you do a tutorial for the Sanderson sisters from hocus Pocus?
This is really cool and I was hoping you could possibly do a makeup tutorial on Coraline... but like a creppy version?? You don't have to, just a thought.
What product are you using for the WHITE highlight lines on the lips??? Thx love you
You should do Harley Quinn the comic one
its 3 am right now and I'm supposed to b in school in 3 hours but instead I'm watching this
can u pls do a comic book joker
Hey Lex. I have a question. I was using my skin illustrator platte and I used 91% isopropyl rubbing alcohol. It worked fine for me. Just curious, do you recommend I continue to use the alcohol I'm used? Or should I use something different?
Hey madeyewlook i'm a huge fan so I was wondering if you could respond
you look so beautiful with dark hair, Lex! i'm in love with all the costumes!
look at lex with her fancy new costume! I'm a bout 5 hours away from any halloween stores this year so ill be painting a lot this year!
What a WONDERFUL (eh, eh?) demonstration of how, when one holds a sword, one is compelled to swish it around. Not making fun. I've always loved swords. MANY a imaginary monster fell to my self-made wooden sword when I was a child. Now I'm an adult & have a few of the real thing. Carbon steel, not that cheap shiny stuff that's only good for hanging on the wall. My point is, I understand the need to swish. I really, REALLY understand.
fastest.\nclick.\never.\nlove it!
me, thinking: why does Lex remind me of someone so much today\nI've been watching lots of That 70s show \nShe's reminding me of Donna Pinciotti
Original Wonder Woman?! That's my next cosplay and I could use some help from my senpai!❤️
You are amazing! I got my 16y/o daughter watching this because she is artistically savvy with very little outlet for it. You are a great role model, I'm glad you make these vids. The comic book makeup is some of my favorites. Keep creating these awesome looks...
This video is awesome I love the variety especially the Pop Art.
It's Halloween time and I have no idea what I want to be this year..... soooo..... time to watch literally every one of your videos.
AHHHHHHH this is so good !!!
DUDE THIS IS SUPER COOL I HAVENT EVEN WATCHED THE WHOLE THING AND I'M SUPER EXCITED
Oh my gosh! It looks like you just stepped out of a comic book.
i like the 1st and 2nd looks.
Can u do a Starfire tutorial? She's a red head like you!
this was soo good!!!! You ARE SO AMAZING!!! I do some of you looks for Halloween. My family loves you!!! You are so amazing. OMG! I am your biggest fan!
I just wish I could do even the barest one you did. I try to put on eye shadow and... well it's not pretty.
For Halloween this year, I'm going to be doing a slit throat effect, though I have no idea how to achieve that... Any tips?
Btw Alex have you seen Brian Dowlings book Redhead Beauty?
aahh I love you and this....this is amazing
Hi love you so much
You're amazing! So much talent! the comic book style one is my favorite, but they're all great!
i've never clicked on something so fast
Yessssss!!!! I LOVE THIS VIDEO SO MUCH!!!! YOU ARE FREAKING AWESOME!!!!
Is that costume in Party City?
Lex are you thinking of going to Australia
Imma be black canary from justice League unlimited
This is really nice and she is *really* pretty!!!!!!!!!
Spirit Halloween should sponsor you too
I love this! You look so amazing as Diana
EARLY-ISH SQUAD WHERE YOU AT??
LEXXXXXXX OH MY GOD THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
Thank you for doing this! I love Wonder Women and was so exited to see this video!
I like how you are a type one diabetic I am too
That's such a cute costume! 😍
I like the 3 wonder woman but to me you are the best at makeup and the best artist since you did the dog one.
Where should I get prescription contacts in the crazier colors
Can you do a Daria 4 ways? I'm going to be Daria for Halloween, and I think it would be cool to see a cartoon ish look, as well as a natural one!
I absolutely love wonder woman! Did you ever get to see the movie? It was so good. But the feels 😣
The costume looks so cool! I think I'd probably paint the crown so it would look more gold.
Please do a realistic female to male makeup tutorial!
Wonder Woman was badass!!! Loved that movie.
You should cosplay as Wonder Woman. You look amazing!
this is awesome :D your awesome this is very awesomeness :D lol love you ! Madeyewlook
Always love your comic book styles, your wolverine one was how I found your channel way back! Am i crazy though or had u not painted your door dark though? 🤔
My favorite makeup artist YouTubers are both soulless gingers
♥️
Or kitana mortal kombat
yay im early anyone else kinda early
Dope
Ahhhh!!!!! I love this! 😍😍😍
Yeas
I LOVE YOU
Early. Who came from Snapchat
Yayyyyy
oh haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Love you b!
😍 love ya lex ....how r ur sugars ? 😊
ayy
Sorta early..?
Amazing as usual, Lex!
Awesome!
Variety is good
I LOEV THIS SOOO MUCH 😍😍❤️❤️
Wonderlex!
DO PENNYWISE
Looooove it!
Hi ily
OMG WONDER WOMAN!!!!! THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
FINLEY IM EARLY YAAAAAY I LOVE YOUR VIDS also...I've been subed ever sence 147 subs....soo ya XD
I love this story! Everyone in this world has a gift. It's just up to you to tap into what your talent is. And to show people that we can get along.........wow! Love it!
Luv my people so much.This is gud for the community.
Much love to my brothers from CPT. Keep hustling
Why didn't the guy in the red talk?
CBM all as one I started that Crip blood movement
We got juicy j and Shaquille O'Neal 😂😂😂
Smfh...  Kill each other over colors. But can get past the gang shit when it comes to food? Y'all are confused.....
A real breath of fresh air honestly
These comments are ridiculous. Y'all talking about profanity and they gay. Instead that these are two young B L A C K men who are entrepreneurs who have the potential to unify Crips x Bloods. \n\nI'm proud of these brothas 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾❤️
I bout the book some bhicken right now
Blood didn't like that book book shit.
So you ride on your own kind for red and blue,wow.
The blood dudes eyes move so damn fast lol he looks everywhere in a split second
Columbus Georgia down with it....
They still have their flags on though? Are they still in or out?
When black people learn that they need each other the better we will all become
Why does the dude next to envy always look like he's out of it? Get that man some coffee or a new job.
this is the most beautiful thing ever
This is amazing. SPANK is the boo!
The guy with the red bandana face, when he said a book book, he wasn't happy
Zero credibility when you say you went to cooking school to get out of gang banging but still gang hanging and repping gangs. Will not be supporting any business like this
First of all.......... WE BLACK  - The Future , lets keep it going , Beautiful.
There movement is amazing for the City. Salute to these brothers
Dope!!!...#GIVEmeJESUS
Black people love gangs
Damn they need to come to atl w the food truck!
C Tha God with another incognito positive message to the people. My man been making it happen behind the scenes, giving platforms to people who would otherwise never get it. Much respect to the man.
It's clear these two niggas be on some gay ass eating and fucking type shit too!!
This is why people make fun of yall.. Fucking idiots..
I kinda like the concept, especially if the food is good ! 🙈😋😍
Nigga in the background was not feeling it lol
I been fallowing these dudes for min. Shits real. Man y'all do ya thing.
See, THIS is what's up. Something positive! If they open something out here in NY, then I''d definitely be a customer. The food looks pretty good on their Instagram.
🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵\nHONOR & RESPECT AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL!
Salute to them brothas. May blessings and prosperity be permanent residents in ya lives !!
Angela a fool for that  Booking' comment lmao
I Know the white man piss lol
Moms duke tired of me getting in trouble so... Nigga i chose culinary
I like how Envy is concious of he tells to not cuss 😂😂
Just a regenerated version of the Zealots and Sicarii when we were back in Israel much love.
this is really cool
The fact that they still glorify their gangs by wearing their flag is just pitiful. Get out the life it's what is killing millions of black people. I'm sorry but I can't hear a word their saying because the stupidity they reppin is drowning out any sound.
Spicy mac and cheese! I need that!!
Bra this is super dope big up
He is this ? Chingy and shaq
This is so dope, unity is the key, lets work together and generate profit. time to build IN, and FOR our communities. We dnt need any more of our brothers blood spilled
The bandannas were necessary, I respect their hustle and hope they inspire other gang bangers to put the guns and get money the legit way. But I guess they had to make it visually stimulating for the viewers.
Lmaoooo!!! Mane I JUST met Spank last week at this event out here in LA. I had no idea he did this but he befriended me right out the gate & showed love just cuz I'm from Memphis. Dude 100
Colorado is a food desert for real
Look up the episode of My name is Earl, where two gang members came together after beefing in prison but they turned out to be lovers.
we can only hope & pray the rest of the gang types get tired of the life & go legit ......
First time in history that Angela didn't have a friend for this situation
Good kids
Bet they cook up some gangsta ass food!! 😂😂😂
Why the blood look fruity tho lol
YALLL ONNNNN YESSSS LORD 🙏🏾🙌🏽🏆
formoneyonly.com/?refer=98148
🗣Respect The Hustle!!!💯💯
Now this is the Shit everyone needs to be showcasing and shedding light on! These dudes is on the way to a MILLION real quick. Great video great story great energy to put out to the world.
These brothers just proved 2 things to me.....no matter what city you in or no matter what you doing to achieve your dreams.....LEGAL OR ILLEGAL ......them white folks gone be there to try and stop yo black ass lol.....hearing these brothers got they shit LLC up, insurances up and professional is whats up.....2nd thing is stop hating on each other....the world is big enough for us all to get paper.....we're stronger together than against each other we just gotta find our own lane( Restaurant on Wheels)....then link up with like minds then unite with others in different lanes to expand and network .
nig9aa n red remind me Chingy
Grown men fighting over colours.\nFck outta here!
This is beautiful.
Coping the cook book!
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=91513
Nobody likes to DJ Envy
ICE T COLORS COLORS COLORS
RED+BLUE=GREEN
I love seeing gangstas come together dope shit
California #1
*Are уou lоокing for hot dаtеs in yоur nеighbourhоod?*

59X_zkBglEY,\n *Thеy hеrе ➤➤* http://edihero.ru/hot/?v=59X_zkBglEY_984479
💯it
Gotta support these dudes...
God Keep Blessings These Guys 💯💯💯
School boy q n YG😄
Yooo I used to bloods periscope
Blood look like Juicy J
You guys should interview Daddy Yankee
D.J.N Around The World 🌎 CdBaby https://store.cdbaby.com/m/cd/djn2 🌎 \nSoundCloud https://soundcloud.com/i_am_djn/around-the-world 🌎 \nYouTube https://youtu.be/3eA93wSosEQ 🌎
Sick
Envy a great dude my nigga.
yo this dope as shit
Loved this!! Rooting for these brothas success.
Love this
Love it
https://youtu.be/C-UCzJtO8Ck\nCheck it out
PRAISE GOD!
The Crip nigga said oh yea i love blueberries on my waffles lmaoo
this wpuld be an amazing boondocks episode
this shit fake
Homies over hoes
Good shit breakfast club
issa couple!
this was lovely
Much RESPECT   REDBLUE
#amazing #awesome #salute #respect #blessings #congratulations #beautiful
Shit that movie Moonlight is real!  2 gay ass thug wannabes. \nGrown ass men acting pathetic
a cook book? a book book
Why the nigga in the red looking at homie like a proud mom in the thumbnail
Okay but kudos to the wardrobe department for this video because every one of those outfits is honestly such a look
We've been waiting and finally you're back thank god
vai ser música do FIFA ctz
Walk The Moonの世界観大好き😘🙌💕今年は日本に来てくれくな~🇯🇵
WTF is this.......
Loving this.
Yeah. i miss 2012-14...
finally! in love!
Pretty good
Yeah, very cool!
Glad they're back!
Litt
SO.  MUCH.  YES. <+>
Kevin Ray is lowkey Daddy 💙
glad I clicked
Kevin ❤
Simply awesome.
muito bom!!
wow
Vary  Destinyish! I like it!
Adam Levine tá maravilhoso com esse cabelo loiro
BATIDAS,MELODIA VICIANTES.! REMEMBER ME FALL OUT BOY
blonde hair is so....boring
great comeback!!
이곡 잘 됬으면
THEY BAAACK!
Yay
THERE I MISSED THEM 😍
No clue who this guy is, but this is a good song
09/23/2017 here before this songs blows up! <3
yes this is amazing this was worth waiting for im so happy yay
Thumbs up for featuring a dark-skin/natural hair beauty. :)
i love this band so much ugh
walkthemoon: one step at a time, one foot in front of the other\n\n\nme: shut up and dance
my bbs are back I can't
This song cleansed my pores and my soul !
my babies are so adorable 😭 they looks so happy in this video-- you can tell they're genuinely having a good time! I'm so excited that they're back. While this song setup isn't exactly fresh, it's a really good and catchy tune nonetheless! Especially the chorus. I can't wait to hear what else they have in store :)
Here before a billion
Welcome back guys!!! So happy about this...SO HAPPY I TELL YOU
I like his fashion..... And his moves.
and thats how pop is done right
MAKE UP TO $13,500 PER SALE WITHOUT EVER HAVING TO PICK UP THE PHONE\nFREE 21 STEP COACHING PROGRAM \nhttps://goo.gl/8obPxD\nA DEDICATED COACH\nOVER $103 MILLION IN COMMISSIONS HAVE BEEN PAID TO MOBE CONSULTANTS AROUND THE WORLD. PLEASE CHECK OUT THE VIDEOS AT\nhttps://goo.gl/44BGgm
I've been waiting for years for your comeback! love you guys!
This music video deserves like 1000 times the views it has.
what happened to all the band members? the only one i recognize is the singer
I'M SO HAPPY! WELCOME BACK
A Great Wake Up Song for the Morning, yet I'm Listening to it at Night.
Nicholas Is Defiently In My Top 5 Singers
BACK AND BETTER THAN FUCKING EVER
https://youtu.be/qCigmsbE3n0\n\nWatch this if you have good friend and share this to your friend if he/she is important to you and make them watch it if you never want to lose them
I've been doing a throwback, watching their old vids last week. Now, guess who's back!?
Lacking vocals. Too cliche. Would be a track I skipped through on the album. Too bad they named it the new single. A lackluster effort from one of my favorite new bands :(
I remember seeing them years back in such a small venue and they were amazing! It’s nice seeing how far they’ve come now!
it sounds exactly like one republic new songs
4:08 Adam Levine, what the he'll are you doing here?
❤❤This music is so good ❤❤ Polish girl!
Dope video. I'm a little luke warm on the song though...
adam levine is that you?
THIS IS ASS
Welcome back guys
THEY'RE BACK!
Oh yeah
Loveeee omg
Neat!
I'M OBSESSED
THEY BACK
Awesome!!
This is for sure my new jam
Those galaxy scenes are gorgeous. \nNick is gorgeous.\nEverything about this is gorgeous.
The way he threw his mike stand...
Ill never get tired of walk the moon’s music. NEVER
THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD IM SO HAPPY ???
I love how into the music they get. They just let loose
This is an awesome song. Omg it's so good. I love it ❤❤
that microphone throw at 3:55 OK I SEE U LET'S GET IT
His leather pants are tighter than my grip on reality😍
This is lit af and so freakin good <3
WALK THE MOON are the best! : D
This kind of sounds different but sounds the same. Ugh I don't know I still feel for this song!!
This is one of their first new songs for me since I started listening to them 2 years ago!
This makes my heart happy
Couldn't have picked a better time to release this. Holy crap. This is gorgeous and the message is beautiful. Fucking amazing video, love the song. Perfect. LOVE IT. WALK THE MOON is back, baby!
This song literally saved my life
Love it! The beat just take me so far away <3 Kisses from Brazil
Since everyone's comments are getting 5+ likes, hell yeah. Walk The Moon is awesome.
I love you
IM CrYING
new song
Yaaay
So happy we have a new song!!! It's amazing!
YESSSS!!! This Song is EVERYTHING!! 💖😍
👏THIS👏IS👏A👏 FUCKING👏BOP👏
In before 1mil
long live nics hips
can listen to it a bout hundreds times a day
love the new song
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
GAY! Maroon 5 wanna be’s
It feels like I'm listening to one republic
0:59 Adam Levine is it you ???
let's do some crowdfunding over the BootlegZone forums and get it!!
If the master tape is missing, and this acetate is the only copy that exists, then couldn't it be argued that the disc is the property of Calderstone/Apple? If they wanted to intercede and stop the sale, could they legally do it? And even if they did, would they be more or less likely to release it than the highest bidder?
Shame on you for selling this. Things like this belong in a museum so everyone can enjoy it not just rich people.
Not a snippet! Just a teaser. Give the world this great rendition of a piece of history. I demand thee!
They should release a new collection of curios like this. There's loads of stuff. It doesn't have to be a commercial project. Just do it via the website or even a net database like Springsteen and Neil Young are doing.
Awesome !
Holy crap.  Grail.
one word: awesome-tacular!!!
amazing
Please release it... don’t hold the song hostage for a sale.
Quarrymen not Quarreymen
What else is out there.
I WATCH ANYTHING WITH BLAKE SO I WILL BE WATCHING THIS.
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
Why in gods name would they chose to release this on the day of the Stranger Things season 2 premiere....
Man turns into a man baby after his blind wife gains independence. Seriously. Instead of growing a pair and letting her have some slack you'd rather get jealous. If anything she deserves freedom. But it's obvious this plot will follow a man who prefers to be in control in the relationship. Like way too in control.
Perhaps this kind of dark role every woman plays in their life....
Blind married women gets to see for first time. See's attractive people for first time. Wants to bang said attractive people. Sluts it up. Hubby gets sad. Former blind, but still married, woman sluts it up for awhile, discovers herself but soon finds out that being a ho is shallow and soul crushing. Runs back to hubby. Hubby, as he's a beta male, takes back the slut. She gets to have her cake and eat it too. Very Hollywood. Very 2017. Much feminist. So independent womyn. Wow.
Well that escalated quickly...
Am I the only one who immediately thought of The Eye from 2008???
song please?
Song name?
People are going to think this is a thriller from this trailer.. Pretty sure it's an existential life-course type movie.
This looks fuckin offit. Can't wait to see it
love it !!!
Good song by HAZAMA \nhttps://youtu.be/QuufCmRkLns
whats going on
This plot reminds me of that movie with Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth just that she had amnesia and here Blake is blind
You'll float too
Chilling, i literally have chills all over
Wait what
Thank you Philip DeFranco.
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Well shit. 😃
captions please!!
I'm actually scurred
My Last Duchess
WTF?! Watching!
That's fucked up
Seems very interesting
What
tukin
Can’t wait !
Must see
more trailer https://goo.gl/NHB5rg
Serena Van Der Woodsen
Who else is lost?
I don't get it.
Looks great, Blake Lively is awesome
Blake lively❤️
Omg Blake lively😍
They already made this movie.. is called The Ticket
Very good by the looks of it . Can I get 50 subs without making any videos. I'll sub back too 👍
Why are all trailers now made creepy? I bet the actual movie is not creepy at all,  the plot makes it sound more mystery
I would say this to my pizza. All I see is you....\n\njokes aside, If you reverse the gender roles and tone down the horror, it might look like the movie The Willow Tree where a man regains his sight (after losing it in his childhood) and rethinks his marriage and life. in the end his body rejects the transplantation and he loses his sight.
Great... another It Comes at Night
I think I had read a book a lonf time ago where a woman gets eyes transplanted and her personality starts to change to that of the donor  and she becomes very paranoid while another person who got a heart surgery also changes in personality and both do a total 180 degree flip... but tht donor was possessed or somthinf so thay thig becomes part of these two.
So she starts seeing and cheats on her husband.
C U C K E D
Blake keeps rising on her acting skills and the quality of her films
What's the fucking plot
Watching this trailer, I have absolutely no idea if this is a horror movie, a psychological thriller, a drama about an abusive relationship or something else entirely...
Bloody chick movie... I was waiting for a terminator to show up... you can take the eyes out of a whore but you cant take the whore out of the eyes
Story of a rotting girl
I wonder how this movie is gonna turn the man into something bad, and the woman into some kind of hero?\nHmmm
He knew once she seen what he looked like and how she looked she was cheating lol
Fucked up version of At First Sight
Every eye movie I've seen was stupid
Sorry Stranger Things 2 is on that day also
the movie will end with him blinding her again to try and get her to stay with him
It can't be thriller without a sex scene huh!?
another marriage is horrible and men are all evil plot, so original
-----------------------\nHi everyone, anyone wanna hear the ture gospel?\nSearch: Renee Roland\nEveryone in the comments are nice kind people they can answer your question or etc. \n------------------------
So did she found out she's married to an older man, and she's a young woman taken advantage due to her blind sight ???
It's said that the ideal arrangement is a blind woman with a deaf man. Playa had it half right. Done messed up.
Is Ryan ok with this ?
No need to watch this movie. Eyesight makes her a whore. The end.
I wouldn’t blame my wife once she saw me.
It seems the only real hardship this loving couple faces is difficulty conceiving a child but when Gina is given the...\n\nI bet he was giving her Plan B, but told her they were prenatal vitamins or something.
A wise man once said... THESE HOES AIN'T LOYAL
Did the guys over at Explosm Entertainment make this trailer?
She's given a second chance at sight and the idiot chooses to ruin her body with cigarettes.  Classic.
So the husband goes out of his way to get her an operation to see again and the first thing she does is fuck some other guy. That's some grade A cunt right there.
Slowing down a pop song in the trailer  trend needs to die ...
The husband ends up re-blinding her in the end because his fear of losing her becomes too great.\n\n\nOops!   SPOILERS!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, I'M SCARED.
Finally a trailer that doesn't give away the damn plot!!! It looks good
There is almost a  20 year age difference between the two actors...
They should've had Ryan Reynolds play the husband hands down. I'm not saying that you should have the real couple play the couple in movies, I'm just saying that they are already a perfect couple in real life and they both happen to be amazing actors, so Ryan should've without a doubt played the boyfriend/husband role.
Idk her acting is never that convincing to me especially in emotional scenes but looks interesting
She looks like that Blake girl......oh
Looks like after getting her sight back, Serena Van der Woodsen's starting to *see* his true colors. Xoxo, Gossip Girl.
It would be cool if her husband wasn't a psycho but instead he left her and she took her sight for granted but at the end of the movie after she has lost everything her husband comes back.
They should change the name of the movie to All I see is your pussy lol \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm joking
Even though I'm really fucking confused, this film actually looks interesting, so I can't wait to see it when it's on DVD. ;)
why serena still a hoe even after gossip girl...
Woman gets sight and best a whore and then loses sight again.
That turned dark real fast😳
Ummm movie is all over the place.
Great  Nice video\nMore New Girls Mastiii Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/mO_20V0U_fs

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/kCWr6tDRdVQ

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/DIjNtExc8_M

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nGirls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/Els3Jwyvy3A

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/EI9EgdNroi8

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/ijQNLNVUe8I

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nSchool Girls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/KG_Y9NZ8wMU

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/6KE7NINKqcA

Z-LmHjkN2EU,In these tense political times We should all come together to appreciate that this video wasn't filmed vertically"
Water sucks, Gatorade is better.
Well, Laotians are famous for owning donut shops in America.  oops, make that Cambodians are donut shop owners.  What are Laotians good at?  Certainly not in dam engineers.  I would think the engineers are either Chinese or Russian.  Russians not that good I would think.  (their aircraft suck!)  And the Chinese?  Hmm, ever hear the term Made in China?  Best they call American engineers.
I think I'd have to take that guy who blocked the road with the machinery and throw him over the edge if I survived.
What happened to the stupid fuck who blocked the road and the other two drivers? The cameraman was too stupid filming stuff that wasn't important.
how do I hire this tractor driver?? I have a job i need to get done within 10 years. He's perfect for the gig.
Idiot blocked the road, moron.
Shut the fuck up
In any state this
That guy that ended up blocking the road, if he survives is gonna get such a beathing by the other blokes 😂😂
Where did this happen? Location?
nice,thats not magma (sorry for english)
Truck guys die?  Seems like they should have just run up hill...
Just sitting over here wondering why this is happening\nEdit: I’m dumb
I hope that guy in the truck is okay...
Am I the only one annoyed that people thing the thing blocking the road is a tractor?
Omg, I hope all those people are ok
The dude yelling and hootin says it all !
wow way to park a road grader in the only escape route, asshole in the red shirt. sure hope one of the people you killed was your boss cause otherwise you are in trooooouble
0:05 The guy leaving the grader in gear should be put on trail for his hideous act. What a complete moron! According to the news, no one was killed in this accident - but that was more luck than anything else, this idiot didn't help the situation.
I rather die in the mud then listen to this awful shrieking voice
No offense but i really thought the title said jiberish
LAVA IS RISING, GET TO HIGH GROUND!!!
FOR THE HILLS, BOYS! RUN FOR THE HILLS!!
Lol...i just saw this on the daily dose of internet lol
Words canno... stupidity... two drivers...even in the moment...I can't...Darwin...incredible.
Anyone else scream RUN from the first look at the video? And continued screaming until it was obvious that people died?
Why is everyone here unrealistically stupid? That you could go faster off of that tractor and let people through without it walking away but now he just had to back it up and block the only way out for cars and trucks
This woman is literally hollering like a monkey 😂😂😂
retarded fucking women all they do is scream for no reason when theres trouble
He is warning of Pizza and Bear Monsters and to vote for Bernie Sanders.
O shit that's a lot of chocolate milk
Get out of the tractor, get in the truck and go....better yet, don't run down the road..go up the hill.
Wtf I didn't know they had chocolate rivers in Laos
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
That guy on the grader should be shot. Bailing and blocking the road.
Go around the damn tractor. There was room to do so!!
Mother nature is getting mad bc these little sh*t keep testing nuclear bomb.\nF# humanity - our kind cannot survive without killing one other.
Someone had to use the bathroom emergency.
what the fuck is up with all the women holding a camera and screaming like absolute fucking animals while witnessing a disaster like this?! like, there are so many videos like this where the female camera holder is screaming like a fucking goat! shut your fucking whore mouth cause there is nothing you can do, you stupid fucking bitches!
im going to get some chocolate milk now.
@ 1:32 JUST WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?
The title says it all !!!
Sad that people can be so dumb.\nAll they had to do was run away, but nope.\nThis is more like suicide than anything.
Should have ran up hill to the right...
At first I was like oh shit their river is going pretty fast. Then I was like why they running. THEN I was like oh the water is going a bit crazy. THE THE FUCKING MUD MOVED CARS OUT OF THE WAY?! I'd run faster than a black guy in a horror movie
im mesmerized by the trees getting knocked down, one by one, on the other side of the river
The guy trying to move the giant tractor to save some money almost got everyone killed. Idiot.
lmao at the guy in the tiny truck honking his horn.
guy in tractor jumped out at 0:06
It's like if the Earth had really bad Mexican food the night before
Big ass tractor blocking the path is an example of Murphy's Law at its finest.
my disrepect to all of this little whores - thai people & other shit
O...m...g that fucking guy in the tractor, just ride with the other guys
I hate when nature decides to ruin things.... like cant you see nows not the time...
peasants are so goddamn retarded  :D  i'd jump on my nutsack and ride down the river on my dick while using my farts as a motor!!!
One complete jack@$$ in a tractor blocks the entire emergency access/egress route \nThey should tear that guy a new one
на 1.05 отчетливо слышится убирай ее на..уй!!
все это очень страшно. Надеюсь без человеческих жертв.
Тварь на грейдере убить надо!!!!
911....(explains it)
esto es asombroso
Меня больше всего удивляет как они неторопливо выезжают, че потоп обычное дело
Holy fuck!!
dam(n)
Wtf
Aaaai
DOHMAH!!!!
that dude's scratchy voice omg
That scream at 0:10
Бегите глупцы!
She sounds like satan
Oh cool, Chocolate milk. Yum
Holy crap!
Anyone here from RR?
9/11. Never forget.
Good. Leave nature alone.
Dtai sum
Done on purpose?? #9/11
This is fucking awesome!!!!!
OI!\n\n\n\n\nWOOO!!!!
@0:21 he did his mating call
Mother Nature said no
Mother Nature 2020
Damn
Those damn Ents again!
OPRAH WINFREY rectal cleansing.
Daaaaam!
Well, dam. (Double pun!)
Lum yeh mo yeh
На грейдере пидорас!
4 letters:\n\n\n\n\n\nGtfo!!
Built ford tough...*washes away*
wow
Como siempre...hay alguien que piensa más en sus vehículos que en su propia vida
Ocean Man getting dirty.
This is so sad, but the woman screaming is so random
Ar first, it looked like shitty CGI, but damn!... shit got real
Im glad this shit happens!!!! Fuck all this mothefuckers trying to kill the ecosystem over money \n.
Why is that dumbass trying to drive away with a tractor or whatever that is and block the others way fucking cunt
Hello my name is\n\n[Tan]\n\nNice to meet you
Last time my flight was delayed cuz it got struck by lightning 0-0
So where was he on vacation? In italy? First i thought he went to croatia since it was kind of popular this year.
Funny thing I was in the uk in aug 2nd to 11th and I got a little color on my skin and dan lives there!
Dan have you seen the movie Edge of Seventeen? I feel like you'd relate to the main character even though she's a teenage girl
OMG I could sooo , like SOOO, LOVE you Daniel!! Ty for being YOU
Yaaay))) I'm from Russia, come visit us!) we love you so much!)
Is it weird that I have bad sleep problems but when I listen to Dan's voice I fall asleep?
I'm Asian and I'm tanned af\n\n*Even During Winter But Now It's Spring and I'm burnt now*
lmao did dan give any advice this live show ?\n\n\nI'm in need of some wholesomeness.
Play Ori and the blind forest and Fire boy and water girl please!
Wait! HOW THE FUCK DID I JUST GET THE FUCKING NOTIFICATION NOW?!!!  (that's not fucking fair😞)  (ಥ ͜ʖಥ)(◞‸◟ㆀ)
You'd never heard of It?
Yeah. We butcher chickens in our houses. Chicken feet is amazing with peanuts and something else that i don't know how to translate into English. BTS DNA. MIC DROP. THE WHOLE ALBUM. PLEASE GIVE LOTS OF LOVE!
Somebody: 'are you in a fandom?'\nDan: 'ya, I'm in like 10'\nMy life in a nut shell
you've heard of elf on the shelf, now get ready for *dan with a tan*
god dan you absolute legend
His laugh makes me happy
I just want to say, no matter how shitty my life gets, (and it's been pretty shitty) I watch your videos and they always make me feel so much better! Your relatable and make me laugh, you just make my life so much happier and give me something to live for at the end of a tough day. Thank you for doing what you do!❤️❤️❤️❤️
noooooooo mother its a bad movie
I had to ring my mum from a Tesco so really we're all the same… 😂
Everybody ain't talking about the First Date book he had on their shelf from the last stream he had. HE FUCKING HIDE ITTT
Dan's laugh makes me happy.
Please please pleasee... Try playing cat mariooo xD it was sooo cool im sure that you guys will enjoy it. XD <3
I don't understand my skin. I stayed inside for the ENTIRE summer except for like sometimes and I'm like the tannest person in my class. How?!?
OHMYGOD I am obsessed over Rick and Morty. I've been waiting for Evil Morty to come back and when he did my mind just went Shits gonna get serious now and then Rick C-137 says the citadel won't have an effect on their lives again, that's the creators telling us that Evil Morty is going to go after Rick again and I am super excited to see what happens with the rest of the season xD :3
Dan tbh you still aren’t tan yet. Remember back when you actually were? Lol those were some fun times
Im still recovering from hyperventilating after getting noticed by asking a question about Sam Smith's new single. \n\n\nIt's already been 2 days ._.
Pan is on fire -dan is on fire
You've heard of elf on the shelf, well here is DAN WITH A TAN!
I feel like Dan would be a frog but they don't have fur so that would be a scaley (?)
Hallo +8801851225146
900 Pages....? I read books like that all the time....  My Parents force me too ;_;
Cliffroads at 3 am, being ready for death sounds like my Mallorca Holiday last year 😂 \nAlso i agree, you looked extra cute in this video/streamwhatever
does anyone know if i can watch bake off in us, up to date??
Stranger things next season October 12 same as Riverdale.
f r e c k l e s
Am to focused on the aesthetic backround
Darn it I'm never on here or on anything when he does these things I hate myself-_-
WHERE IS THE FUCKING HOUSE TOUR?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
watching this instead of doing the reading for my uni classes y i k e s lmao\n\ni love you daniel
Oh my god it’s on trending YASSSS👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
all right i know he's talked about this before but in this video he really really looks like he has white eyeliner in the inner corners of his eyes
DAN ADOPT ME I WONT BE ABLE TO GET MARRIED IF AUSTRALIA DOESNT SORT ITS SHIT OUT SO MY BACK UP PLAN IS TO RUN AWAY TO LONDON MY BAGS ARE ALREADY PACKED, SEND A ONE WAY TICKET TO COME GET ME DAD PLS
You and Phil should have a Halloween bake off!
What a train wreck. \n\nNot you Dan, it's the chat's fault.\nWas crying with you
WHY DO I ALWAYS MISS THESE GODDAMMIT =|
Dan: *basically asks YouTube to approve him for trending*\nYouTube: *puts Dan on trending*
I'm just gonna say, I'm an RA at a university (meaning im in charge of a lot of people who live on campus and enforce rules, deal with emergencies  etc) and the number one thing that has been setting off our fire alarms is pasta without water. Every. time.
I missed this because of the earthquake
You’ve heard of elf on the shelf. \nNow get ready for dan with tan.
are you trying to be donald trump? orange daniel 😂
you should read 1q84 its 1157 pages but its a fiction book set in japan and its AMAZING
Dan is not on fire but the pan is.
Dan!  Not to be weird but you looked extremely manly in this video. Say goodbye to Soft Boye Dan™ and say hello to Manly Dan™ 😋
Dan literally having an exsistential crisis at the beginning
aw this put me to sleep thx tanny danny
THE POMBEAR MASSACRE VIDEO WAS THE BEST
I don't know why, but I'm like so mad at Dan for burning that pasta. It's just coMMON SENSE that you put WATER in the pOT first oh mY goD
im 25, working and i still dont understand how to adult... wat is a tax!
I just noticed all the board games they have
Dan: Back in two thousand and- \nMe: NINE REMEBER THE TIME\nDan: Eleven \nMe: oh
Dan drives??!??!?!??!?
Trumpy
vit-a-min
Dan being a cheerleader ;)
uh oh
Omg ily sm your intro was so freaking adorable❤️❤️❤️❤️
Tan Howell.
Tan towel
His freckles are so cuteeeeee💕😌😭😭
He ran?
Hey Dan.....I like My Chemical Romance.
DAN REMEMBERED MANILA
BTS OMG IMG OMG OH MAH GAWD
Dan the Tan
He mentioned liking my art on Tumblr omg
H..hh..hello Cyber friends..
tangerine.
@danfloating on IG
Da hell happened to Howell-senpai?!
my fursona is a skunk.
Number 50 on trending???
dan is interisting
Love the eye close ups hahahaha
Any thoughts on Hurricane Irma?
3 HOURS /// I HAD 16 HOURS BISH
PanIsNotOnFire
#50 on trending
Mexidan is back
GENIUS
trumpy
taniel howell
this is trending
Hello C.....yber friends
Greek Yogurt
Dan Howell?\n\n\nTan Towel
#50 trending!!
#50 on trending
The beginning was my life; awkward
Do you agree with Stephen Jackson?
Stephen Jackson is a real nigga
K.D. is on the verge of a Nervous Breakdown.
He didn't admit to using other accounts. He said he just went overboard on his, which I feel is bs unless you really believe he talks about himself in the third person
Wait he didn't own up to it!? He said I don't use fake accounts to clap back he didn't explain why he was sprain in third person fym
Durant ruined basketball. He is not a real champion. He is a choke artist who took the easy way out. Could yoi imagine Karl malone or John Stockton joining the bulls?\n\nBecause of Durant, the NBA PO had zero competition. Everyone knew who’d win.
Why is this so shocking to people? The guy eventually had to take responsibility for fucking everyone in OK over. And now hes done so much damage and hes realized its all his fault, and at the end of the day im sure he does not feel like a different person or player for winning a worthless title and its all crumbling down around him, he is now forced with recognizing that he created this fucked up situation for OKC, the NBA and people who viewed him as family and he has no one to blame but himself.\nI really do think he planned on pulling a lebron. Going to the warriors, winning a couple titles and then coming back to OKC but he fucked it all up and now OKC wants nothing to do with him the entire league views him as a bitch and hes a joke now.
Am I the only one thinks that's hilarious trolling. I would do that all the time ahaha. But yeah there's comes a point where you take it too far and you end up looking like a Bitch
I wish people would get a life and worry about their own personal lives. its only basket ball not a cure for disease..
THIS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU GOT A GENERATION FULL OF SOFT MOMMAS BOYS WHO DON'T HAVE FATHER FIGURES IN THEY'RE LIFE. THAT IS SOME FEMALE SHIT HE BEEN DOING. ALL THOUGH I RESPECT THAT HE OWNED UP TO WHAT HE DID AND DIDN'T DENY IT. HE STILL PUSSY THOUGH AND THE SOFTEST PLAYER IN NBA HISTORY
so now its not a fake account ??
I don't even acknowledge KD's ring..that nigga ring is equivalent to a bench nigga..yea he got but he just road the bandwagon to get it
No he didnt stand up to it like a man. Motherfuckers forgetting that he straight up told us that shit when he was posting from the wrong account. The only reason he came out so quickly was to save his own ass. Fuck this snake ass bitch
That was the fakest apology I've ever seen...
Golden State Warriors did not need KD to win the NBA title. Instead, KD needed the GSW to win his first NBA title; one of the weakest moves I have ever seen in the history of sports, under the circumstances. Namasté. PS: Great athletes, and real superstars wants to beat the best, not join the best.
WAAAAY too much is being made of this... shit!
The Irony is most of the men posting on durant video's attempting to gluestick labels are the most delusional, feminine, mentally degraded, soft an emotional unstable guys with the weakess conviction rate since corrupt cops. For people who claim to hate and have no respect for him, they are ALWAYS there, ALWAYS. At EVERY video about him. Desparate to hear, see and talk about him. Creepy, hiding in the bushes type stalkers.  \n\n#Mentalillness #HeartBroken #Tberapy
Can't make a cupcake without eggs
sound like a lot of bum ass haters!!! eat a bag of dicks!!!
Someone remind KD it's YOUR OWN PEERS that since respect what you did!
At the end of the day is an opinion. But let's look at the facts. KD bonafide superstar, MVP finals MVP etc.. Had the best shooting back court in the league (percentage wise look it up) another mvp in Westbrook on his team. Up 3-1 with one win away from the finals. Loses 3 in a row to the warriors and then decides to.join the team u were bout to beat?! Where they do that. No pride at all. Thats like if I'm a crip n I beating the shit out of a blood for 20 mins.and then the last 2 mins he gets a sweet punch in which knocks me out n I decide to go join the bloods. N u mofos don't think that was weak?! Gtfoh. He joined another MVP ( steph curry) in his prime! That nigga a bitch not a competitor. He gave up on Russell. How the hell u can't win one more game with Russell on ur team. That shit alone so fishy. But y'all keep kissing that suckas ass. He know what he did was pussy thats y he keep responding
I'm still trying to figure out why does this matter, why are these comments so toxic. If people are actually upset about this then this world is truly in a tragic state
He apologized because he knows someone would have proven this 2 be him .. he was caught no way 2 snake his way outa it
Leave KD the fuck alone! Just take care of your own business, dats what we all gotta do.
This is all because lebron is too good lol..warriors won 1 without kyrie n live, 2nd one with 2 former mvps in there 20's ...thats like adding oljawon to the bulls with jordan,  durrant a pussy n he knows it
That clip from the OKC game when KD and Westbrook were going at it was epic...
What's this fat bitch talking about GSW not winning the championship without KD? They had no problem winning it 2 hrs ago without him.
Yes KD is officially a bitch so get over it
KD has the talents and skills of a basketball demigod but the emotional capacity of a 13 year old girl
KD should’ve  denied it vehemently lmao no one can prove it
Old people he's still mad because he did the can't beat them join him. Playground rules don't change he'll get made fun of that forever ...sorry
I'm torn at this one braaaaas😏\n\nKev is weak for the way he trashed his boys like that, his coach..., etc!  But on the other hand the guy has CLASS- PURE CLASS for humbling himself and just owning it……!!!  #OfTwoMinds
Rachel, please STFU!
KD has a ring but is not a champion.  No respect for him.
Just fucken leave KD alone. You guys make it a big deal hes the best player in the NBA next to LJ. He deserves respect. Move on. And im a Laker fan. But respect the sport
ALL YALL DURANT HATERS NEED TO SHUT UP, THIS MAN IS HUMAN AND STILL GREAT
LeBron is forever a bitch for selling out on his hometown Cleveland to join two superstars on another man's team in  Miami to coast to 4 staright finals. KD's problem is only half of what LeHoe has already done. But ESPN would never slander their beloved queen
Jackson is a bum so who cares about what he thinks..
Who’s better..... ok then
Who cares what this guy thinks
Kevin, is not happy.  🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀!!!!!!!!
What's to apologize for if he meant what he said? Oh, he didn't mean to say it? In the end...KD is soft. Has been from the start! #eggavatar
He owned up AFTER he was caught 👎🏾
Steven Jackson feels comfortable cooning for his white massa's. Notice how he keeps looking for verification that he's cooning properly. I HATE fucking cooning ass nigguhs! So proud to throw his own under fucking buses sitting on bricks! @STEVEN JACKSON....I'VE LOST ALL RESPECT FOR YOU BITCH! DO WHAT U DO AND DANCE MONKEY DANCE FOR YA MASSA'S APPROVAL YOU BLACK GUMS HAVING ASS PUSSY!
Dude wack as fuck for that Twitter bullshit... Leave Twitter to Trump damn it!!!
We all know Stephen Jackson likes to clap back at fans lol
KD is a certified fuck boy, he knows it in his heart! Soft ass took the soft way out and his conscious eating him up! Sad that u make fake accounts, that's like sending your ex girlfriend text messages from fake phone numbers, SOFT ASS FUCK BOY, that what he is
Tell the quota hire to shut up.
I've seen stephen jackson wear that same gucci sweater 2 or 3 times on this show 😂
Is Brian Windhorst actually on a video that doesn't cover Lebron?
KD isn't a champ because deep down he knows that ring was cheap
KD ain't a real champ he's just a little bitch
Anybody who dislikes KD for any reason, he’s a champion, fuck off and let the man play basketball, fuck 🤷🏾‍♂️
HE ONLY APOLOGIZED BC HE GOT CAUGHT
This pussy spent all summer arguing with OKC fans I'm dead
No Rachel, he's just sorry he got caught
Durant is a fucking weak ass bitch that couldnt win a ring without joining a super team!! PUNK ASS PUSSY BITCH!! Id slap his slut mother and he wouldnt do shit about it!!
He only apologized because he got caught. Imagine if he wasn't, he'd NEVER EVER feel guilty about saying the things he said about Donovan and his former teammates. So yeah, I agree with Jackson.
Having those lame shoes come out with all the Media insults and then this fiasco occur in such a short amount of time is embarrassing to say the least. He's so soft it's almost unbelievable. OKC was spot on with the Cupcake criticisms
KD don't let these commentators whatever they are fool u you are still ringless in my eyes
Stephen Jackson don't respect kd lmao like who are you compare to kd? A nobody
Great player but like some the great player he has a fragile ego i bet he has only yes men.....
And KD was supposed to take over for lebron as the face of the league 😂am I the only one who notices has been in the gym since a couple days after the finals always posting him working out getting ready getting better...he’s peers aren’t and obviously KD isn’t. This warriors ship is about to be over
Durant is a hoe ...this is too much
who care abt what jackson has to say he s the one lookin like an avatar smh
why the fuk are we talking about a snake? he's not even a top 10 player in the league, the nigga practically had to piggy back ride on the reigning back-back MVP Steph Curry and his squad, who very little trouble getting into the Finals TWICE and breaking winning streak records...stop talking about weak-ass players...
Durant hater bias talk ,/, don't hate! Just appreciate greatness he work hard for that and he deserves where he is now
KD`s a joke of a man
Rachel knows KD is a soft sensitive beta male she just wants to stay on these players good side to keep getting the inside scoop
Kevin Durant is better than LeBron James.  It has to be frustrating that more people don't realize it
this bitch blowing all these nba players dicks
KD needs to move out his moms house ,get married,get some kids,he is too soft
Snake KD needs to grow up!
What I say to Durant is....a True Warrior Competitor never joins the team that beat him...EVER....
Who the fuck is the fatass next to rachel
It is about OKC he got tired of him and Westbrook being the only good players on a team  where other player's shouldn't even be in the NBA
he still can ball
Stupid non-issuenews like this is why ESPN loses Subscribers! You're so detached from the Real World, you try to create stories, so you can take the high ground, & feel better for all of BS Fake News... I'm sick of the direction ESPN has gone in, & can't believe it's taken me so long to Unsubscribe from this Dead Horse Beating News Station..... Sadly, ESPN is now in the same gutter as MTV.... ADIOS ESPN
No, the Warriors would have won with or without KD, no disrespect intended.
KD should've just taken the high road and stay off social media, stop giving interviews altogether, defend yourself on the court. Professional athletes who have grown up playing in front of hostile crowds should know better especially in this day and age.
KD, the only way to validation for you requires a lot of character: It includes first and for most a personal apology to Billy Donovan (with personal I mean you better call him and have the balls to fly there and meet in person), secondly a public apology to OKC as an organization and especially the fans, third of all this better be from the heart which requires self-reflection and insight first and fourth of all it should include addressing what a big mistake it was to leave in the way you did and the level of disrespect you showed during and after that to the people who supported you and competed with you. THAT is the only way you validate yourself as a grown man and from that point on all you need to do is perform on the court. All that twitter and social media shit doesn't matter at all\nThat being said, we all know - from KD-fans to Warriors-fans to OKC-fans to haters to regular NBA fans - this is never going to happen, one thing would be unlikely enough let alone all four. Conclusion: if you can't change it, live with it. You're a superstar in stats and on the court but your behavior and softness causes a big drop-off when people are gonna rank the best players of all time. Embrace you're gonna be top50 all-time and win multiple championships, possibly end up top10 scoring all-time and go to the hall of fame, Warriors fans are gonna love you. That's what you can achieve, respect beyond that demands self-reflection and redemption first, not tweeting.
you people who have been roasting KD over a year are just sad... I wonder how great your lives are
Cmon KD youre better than that. i obviously hate him being brought up in discussion of the best player but man he is great there's absolutely no denying that. he should stop worrying about the haters man. If he got as much hate as lebron do man he would have to come up with more fake accounts than the no. of followers he got on twitter!
Kevin Durant will always be the ultimate negative example. He's a disgrace to this sport, a vile loser without dignity and pride.
i am telling you in the future kevin durant will be so underrated, he will not be regarded as top 5 all time, barely even top 10; because of how he gained his rings. It's one thing scoring and being MVP but its another thing joining the best team in history ALL to get a championship. People will remember that until modern civilization crumbles, and even then their might still whispers.\n\nKevin Durant destroyed his legacy.
Warriors are better without Durant. That is Curry's team not his.
B. Windhorst: Kevin, you are a champion. The Warriors would not have won the Finals without you. - But they did Brian. They did.
Stephen Jackson hating ass!!
Fuck kd fuck kd nappy head bitch pussy ass bitch he ain't shiii he jus a bitch
god shes looking so fine
Warriors bout to go crazy 2017/2018
The weakest champion ever KD...
SUPER TEAM HERE
He’s a 🐍
KD officially has bitch tendencies.
KD <3
СТИЛЬ
Kd looking for mercy, foock no! Hell no!,.\nYou #twofacesnake! \nWorst than lebron!
rachels nichols so fine man
Durant = 🐐
Son Heung Min seems like a legit nice guy.
Wait I swear most Tottenham players have said eric dier has a bad dress sense
best fashion sense - Eric Dier (nominated by himself)
2:56 that voice crack
anyone else just completely forget to read what the hell theyre talking about
They call me chip diddy chip I don't tolerate lip diddy lip\nIf you know you know
Eric Dier He Should Be The Fashion Fail
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
Arse fans disliked
Looks like a tramp
I'm getting San Andreas vibes in this vid ..
Most underrated player in the league is Dembele
I like this series but I'd like it even more if you didn't just do it with players that only play for spurs
good chemistry between these two, had a couple of genuine laughs
1st
Hollywood Swinging by Kool & the Gang
Wait😂 did man say lamela got shit fashion sense because he come to his house in loubs?😂
Dier tryna say lamela has shit dress sense because he came to his house in loubs
Tubes loves that polo
What's the intro song
Is it a coincidence that I got an ad with Eric dier in just before this video
*Аre уоu loокing for hot dаtes in yоur nеighbоurhood?*

GlqXtCOaKb4,\n *They here ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=GlqXtCOaKb4_916326
3:12 is CREEPY AF
I think Kane's music choice will be proper shit
Came from a Eric dier ad to a Eric dier vid
i press like because the soundtrack
Why are they only interviewing spurs players everyone knows their answers
Who the even fuck is this
This shit is so repetitive now
Lamela wearing loubs how is that fashion fail
Get players from different teams 😪
Tubes looks so awkward interviewing people. Big babboons red arse face on him
You have could have interviewed any other spurs player and u choose eric fucking diet. This guy's personality is equivalent to a brick.
Do more teammate 2.0
Funny is that everyone says that he is the fashion fail
Mad
Hemung min son what a marvellous name.
Hugo son! Hugo son! Hugo son!
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
Footballers are so un-interesting off the pitch
I got an advert with Eric dier in it b4 the vid Lol
sunshine
2nd
Does anyone know the intro music? I heard that before ages ago
Do 1 with pogba
has he ever got u? nah never
Subscribe for exclusive football content
anybody else notice Eric's voice break
This cunt comes from where i live
Tottenham's next game will be a nightmare.
looking forward to this! that trailer had such beautiful music / sound editing
oooh! i'm very excited about this!
one of the only trailers nowadays that doesn't give too much away!! (David Bowie YES)
Looks really freaking cool!
Saw this in Cannes, this trailer really doesn't do the film justice - it's way more magical and mesmerising. This makes it look like a Disney movie...
David Bowie,motherfuckers!!
Gotta love Bowie!
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
what's the song during the last ~15 seconds (after the trailer ends)?
I'll take 100
I don't see it in the link!
El-P ain't that skinny tho lol
Waiting for run the jewels bong
I cant find it on the site
100 ain't enough :/
You guys need to make more! !!!!
the 80's vibe is fucking amazing
they should make more than 100 maybe 10K idk
r u n t h e j e w e l s
Ummmmm Can't find it......
I need this shit in my life
It's already SOLD OUT.
Notice how they don't show the faces or full shot that long.  This doesn't look ANYTHING like them.  Misfire.  Just do a facial scan next time and 3D print it out.  RTJ needs to get a new team.
Well I got Gears of War because you 2 are in it, fuck it I'm getting the statue too.
Guessing with 4 k views on this vid alone...all 100 soldout quickly :'(
Wow! Should be a lot more than a 100.
hahaha, that's crazy. I would love to own one!
aaaaand it's sold out already!
Give me all, please
My wife's making moves to order this for me, she knows me too well!!! #wonderwoman
i have £20, is that enough?
yes! want!
👉🤛
Nooo already sold out, whyyy
Take my fucking money now!!!
Wow that sold quickly
https://www.facebook.com/HipHopCollectibles/
Already sold out god dammit
I'm bout to cop two of each.
Dope. Reminds me of the Madvillain, Public Enemy, Tupac, Biggie, Necro, and other hip hop figurines/action figures etc
Killer Mike talks of peace and unity...then he's okay with being portrayed like Rambo. THIS is the kind of shit that makes niggas seem ridiculous to White folk.
Shout out to (I'm assuming) VICELAND for doing those coked up 80's graphics. #RTJ
Please tell me why we need these statues? I don’t get it.
from sellout crowds to just plain sellouts
Leicester 3-1 Liverpool today's result.
Bitter scouse TWAT
I’ve supported the mighty reds for a very long time and I am convinced Rafa has unfinished business at our beloved club......
Coutiniho doesn't want to be at liverpool
If I'm honest I don't see it getting any better, the defence is tactically inapt and lack coordination.. 3 very trick games over the coming weeks, for that reason stability at the back is critical. They need to pick an agreed back 4 and stick with it, not chop and change every  game.. The players look terrified, that in my opinion is due to a lack of direction and confidence.. Worryingly I'm not sure they presently have the ability within the coaching staff to instil that belief..
This team has no world class player except mane
Next year will be our year
What is it with scousers playing the victim
It pisses me off SO much that every LFC supporter knew our Defense was the problem but for some reason Klopp and FSG dont try and improve that area! We NEED a new Keeper (we haven't had a decent keeper since Reina!) who breeds confidence in the Team and a NEW CB and LB!  I know we wanted VVD but come on! at least have a back-up! There are LOADS of players better than our CBs!
But Klopp has a great cup record tho doesnt he tho
All you deluded Liverpool fans who love Klopp need to realise hes has almost 2 years now to sort this defence out and if anything it is worse.  I dont just mean defending from our defence i mean all over the field. If we are not on our  A game with the pressure closing down type of football then we are a totally average team. Too much f**king around and changing the team all the time does no-1 any good. Cant understand why he thinks we can have 3 teams for each cup. We should have our first team no matter what and if anyone is injured then some1 gets the chance to step up and prove their worth!
Simple question, would Jose Mourinho still have a bad defense after two seasons transfer windows?
When are you scousers gonna realise that Klopp is just David Moyes with a German accent, glasses and yellow teeth
Its only game, why you have to be mad?
The biggest idiots of all this are the have faith in Klopp guys. Fucking retards, fucking bastards, fucking misery twats.
For years we are the nearly men, is it the players, managers or owner? Fsg out now ynwa.
Only thing coming out the 0151 is AYSTAR
We had a legendary defence: Hypia, Skrtel, Agger, Carragher, Riise, and Finnan. What on earth happened to our defence? Our defence took a turn for the worst about four seasons ago. Subsequently, it hasn't improved since. We need to optimise our defence primarily, not our attack or midfield. We already have a great attacking squad, however, our defence is dismal to say the least.
Create enough chances... 🤣\n\nDid he even watch the game or at least check the stats before he made this 🤣🤣🤣
arsenal: undefeated since ox left. Liverpool: haven't won a game. robbed you lot 😂😂
this is ur year
Hahahah faggot we'll beat you on Saturday too
we are nothing without firmino salah and mane
Why does no one understand how much work goes into getting a football team to consistently play good , ofcourse they should (play good) but when dickheads like this one and half the people in the comments blame a bad shot or 'we need mane to win' no team in history had a one man team
I miss the good sturridge
Ach not too fussed, we sabotaged it in order to win the CL, so no harm done! :P\n\nNa being serious, I thought we did look disjointed first half, with Ox not linking up too well yet, or Coutinho and Robertson linking up too well either, but we did create chances. Usually I defend Hendo, but he was absolutely rank last night it has to be said, he kept giving the ball away. Second half we looked like a team of individuals as well, which tbf most of the lads playing haven't played with each other much, but its still no excuse.\n\nOn the plus side, great seeing Ings back.
Seems as ox was the issue then 😂😂😂😂
Did u think ud beat a team of premiership champions with ur team of never will cos Gerrard slipped like a pussy bitches???
i miss my team of the 8o s  and 2001 trebble wining team we want dijmii !!! :0) the stig !!hurry up lala we miss your hunger weve gone soft!! :0(
Well that was fucking embarrassing wasn't it? This is what happens when you fail to sort out your defensive and team depth problems. I think it's looking like a trophyless top 10 finish again. Back the drawing board next summer.
And people need to stop overhyping our players after a couple good results\n\nGood bye hendo\nAnd if Klopp even thinks about playing keita and hendo
This is a fuckin joke now I can't see it getting any better why can't we win games without Mane ??????
Klopp and Wenger, need to share idea's.
It's my fault. I wasn't singing loud enough to improve our back four. Sorry Chris I will do better next time
This isn't just this season, it's been season in, season out.  It's become the 'Liverpool way'. Whenever I see possession heading over 60% if we don't have got a lead I fear a poor result.  I really don't get PC mandatorily going off after 45 mins.  Yes say to him, when you start to tire tell the bench, but him going off turned the game.  Robertson then lost the freedom he had and that closed off our main attacks.  Here's a question, what is more tiring for players, playing a run of games where you know your team mates and you give every game a good crack, or chopping and changing where you might be watching your mates lose on TV.  So few games into the season and it feels like f'ing Groundhog Day.  We have a house without foundations and season after season we seem to think that will bring success.  At the start of each season do FSG really want us to challenge, because after so few games, I don't think we will top the table at any stage this season unless others have games in hand.  I've followed this club for 40 years, the last 25 being utterly ropey.  Even the few successes we've had have largely been toss of a coin stuff. (Penalty shootouts). Leicester proved it doesn't have to be the most expensive players but the right players.  Generally our players have poor concentration and are generally weak in game phycology.  Bored of it.  Don't mind losing if it's because our best team have an off day, but sick to death of our club being a work in progress.  Klopp you want us to believe, then start earning your fat salary.
disappointing season after season come on were liverpool and not getting a trophy after a few season is a joke the fans deserve more than having to see every season these type of results just pathetic
I miss kolo and martin
I'm sorry but klopp relied on the second team and they didn't perform simple. Flanagan is garbage and should be nowhere near the premier league.  Woodburn always looks average and just loses the ball,  i don't see the hype.  He looks small,  slow and if he doesn't pass backwards he loses the ball. Average. \nEverything else wasn't too bad but we lacked talent when Phil went off.  \nHarry Wilson or Kent are better than Woodburn.  I remember when sterling came through he was actually good lol he took people on and showed class.  Woodburn hasn't. He scored a tap in and one in preseason.  Forget Wales when he hit one from a distance.  His overall play is poor.  And he is not a winger! \nHe is still young but I think in 45 mins if that was markovic he would have been slated.  He did nothing. We need to stop overrated average players especially scouse players.  Players like suso were much better at the same age. Suso btw would have been great last night but we let him go and become the main man at ac Milan..
it's a micky mouse trophy anyway..it's a blessing in disguise
Woodburn has great future ahead of him and am puzzled why he hasn't been making the bench because he looks like a first change for salah/mane.but taking couhtino off in what felt like a premeditated sub killed us,he was what knitted the midfield n attack together.the ox was erratic on his debut let's not judge him yet people.west ham been linked with cavallio had me thinking well surely klopp will pounce with Lucas n Stewart going smh.#3points on Saturday
We still don't have a top striker. Playing attacking midfielders as a striker ie firmino isn't the answer, unless we find the next Torres or Suarez then 100 shots and no goals will continue.
January has come early this season. It won't turn February until Mane comes back and Coutinho finds his range. But this defence is the most gruesome I can ever remember.
We Need The King To Return King Mane. Without Him We Are Shit.  We Need To Start Showing Are Main Man The Love We Show To The Likes Of The Old Guard. Becouse Believe It Or Not Mane He His The GLUE Of The Team. Watch When He Returns.
you wanker,a few weeks ago u were running your mouth,now u see how crap liverpool is?...anyway how is the Oxlade doing,are u still buzzing u signed him...lmfao
The big German cheerleader 😂😂😂😂😂😂 seriously tho he’s a fraud!!!!
The only good from this match is, Joe Gomez has finally played in CB! Oh, its better to watch him play rather than Klavan or Lovren. Also Henderson maybe need some rest, 'cause lately, his performance was so horrible, cant blame Klopp if in the January market we bought some good DM to replaced him
Pathetic.  The team lacks real leaders on the pitch.  O how I miss Carra and Bellamy.  Yes, Bellamy.  He was a leader on the pitch, especially up front.  I remember when Carra shouted at Arbeloa when he lost concentration during a match.  We don't have that.  A defensive leader would also help Simon and whoever else are between the posts.
Its become embarrassing we just throw this cup away and being realistic our only chance of a trophy its utter shit that alot of these players are played in a week what takes us a year or more to earn Im tired of hearing about the defence forget that even when we went a goal down were the fuck was our captain again gone missing blowing passes all over the place he has lost a truck load of pace and hes lost in midfield now a lot of kids on that pitch last nite looking for big players to help them and ge them up and nothing every senior player was nowhere to be seen and then on commentary isnt it great to see the senior players in the stand watching the game like would ye get fucked I still cant understand why these results shock me klopp has three games to put it right or he can fuck right off hes making.hodgson look good
Remember when ox wasnt a deal with was going to affect the lemar and VVD deals? good times... sold a lie as usual
Let's try another way. Let's do the Pygmalion thing and everyone say we have a great defense.!!.. we have a great defense!!
Sick,is a understatement!!
Man of the first half!!!!! - what a phrase that is!!!
We didn't play our best team last night, but the game on Saturday isn't gonna get easier. They are gonna bring back Maguire, Simpson, Schmeichel, Vardy and Mahrez and we haven't won at the King Power in the last three visits (including last night). The only good thing is we don't play at Anfield until October 14th. The way this team is playing atm, playing at home will only hurt them. We have three games until the international break to go out there and recover points in the league and bring our confidence back. Up the Reds.
If we don't score within 30 minutes, we end losing most of the time.
FSG are the problem but nobody is listening
Bitterly disappointing last night. Ultimately, we didn't deserve to go through after that second half performance. Okazaki came on and changed the game. Ward was excellent and Woodburn was very hungry. Solanke was great. Gomez was solid, apart from the goals of course. League Cup was never a priority, but at least it is one less excuse for Jürgen to use! At the end of the day, another chance of silverware gone - another one bites the dust! Just hopeful that we won't play like that on Saturday. Hope we can use this defeat as incentive to beat them on Saturday!\nC'mon Liverpool! We go again against Leicester City (again!) at the King Power Stadium back in the league! C'mon Redmen! #YNWA ⚽️🔴❤️
this is what happens when most transefer windows we sign shite or potential shite
We are sad , u are changing ur opinion every game
Em what's the count now
MANE GOES OUT AND IT ALL GOES TO SHIT, AGAIN.
Never seen such a bunch of nearly-men as Liverpool. Still living off past glories after all these years.
Liverpool destroyed us first half with us only having 26% possession and no clear cut chance, we are used to defending with our backs to the wall and even won the league doing exactly that but even all us in the crowd were thinking ur goal was coming... You were unlucky tbh. That shocking corner (1 of many lol) by Ox that was MEGA powerful near post that managed to potentially concuss Ulloa was the difference as it forced GRINji Okazaki on and the energy was injected into us. Iborra was excellent second half, as was Dragovic both on their debuts. I thought you reds fans were another level of brilliant last night btw, to all you reds fans who weren't there last night they done you proud! They were noisey, well behaved and packed the away corner... You should be proud!!! We were lucky to win last night as it could've been 3-0 at half time, you reds fans shouldn't be too disheartened though as at times you played some PHENOMENAL football and we couldn't cope, you were just unlucky last night. We go again Saturday evening and no doubt in our minds you will give us a ridiculously tough time. All the best for your club for the future and hope you get the results you deserve.
Before blaming Klopp, it's important to understand why we didn't strengthen the defense. It could be because FSG were unwilling to spend (most likely scenario ). However if it was because we didn't have a list of targets then the manager should be held responsible.
No blaming the fans this time eh?
Loserpewl
Hahahahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ha Liverpool  are shit
Klopp OUT
Btec ArsenalFanTV
Liverpool looking very poor......
Klopp flop
*Are уоu lоокing fоr hot datеs in уour neighbоurhооd?*

KFOZbLzp68c,\n *Theу herе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=KFOZbLzp68c_964363
United!
What a snivelling partime reporter
😂😂😂 Scouse kints 😏😏 suck a dick 🦄🦄
Hahahahahahahaha scouser cunts
😂
Btec AFTV
You're fucking shit
GET A FUCKING DEFENDER
bring LVG....
Btec aftv
Henderson, klavan, solanke out!
klop out
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁👌👌👌👌👌👏👏👏😁😁😁🖕
KLOPP OUT!!
Klopp out! Enough is Enough :(
KLOPP FOR THE CHOP. PLEASEEEEEEEE
START WITH HENDO END WITH HENDO.. HE'S A FUKEN WANKER. HENDO IS A HEADLESS TWAT
The oxlade-chamberlein effect...
Bin dippers
(Y)ou'll (N)ever (W)in (A)nything ....27 YEARS!!!!!!
What a performance by the Ox. I’d say 40 million well spent 😉
Klopp out,Wenger in
leicester have done us a favour the league and champions league is are main target  the league cup and f.a. cup r a destraction
Hahahahah Liverpool are shit there a one man tram
Who gives a fuck it's entertaining that's all that matters I don't care if we win lose or draw it's entertainment I'm after, that's why I spend my money to watch them
When was the last time yous won a trophy? 😂😂😂
stop over reacting, frankly Liverpool are an average club and as such will only attract average players and managers. Sure you'll do ok this season, just don't expect to win anything cos you'll be disappointed.  (southampton supporter with realistic expectations)
Please keep the pink hair 🙌
Wax out of containers - put in the freezer for several hours. Bring out and tap wax gently with a butter knife to break into pieces. Remove pieces and clean with hot water. Done and done.
Oh girls you have made my day. Ive just had jaw surgery and I can't laugh and shouldn't try. But you both have just made me laugh all through this video 😂
You are so beautiful!
Beautiful pink hair what dye did you use ? X
I watch all the weekly vlogs but particularly enjoyed this one! :)
Your hair looks gorgeous Louise! Just wanted to comment and say thanks for being so honest, we all have worries and will obsess over them if it’s something important to us, the internet is very much about portraying the perfect life at the moment which is great and inspiring but I really admire and relate to vloggers that are honest about how life really is with all its ups and downs! X
Got to love a good speed-clean. I've been really enjoying your weekly vlogs, Louise, probably my favourite videos. Three cheers for the soft office!
usually I don’t like vlogs, but you are the only person I can watch and laugh out loud to 💙
Me my cousin and my nan do a puzzle club! We gather at my nans on a sunday and have a roast dinner and then do a puzzle!! Love it x
Oh my god I love your hair
watching Darcy's personality develop over the years is such a joy!
Ah I love your pink hair it looks so gorgeous!
Must be six times but I'm about done having to bloody stop and start lol! YOU LOOK GORGEOUS! AND MAKE A PTSD VIDEO!
A candle filing system 😂 so do I!! Finally someone who gets it haha x
This happened to me as well Louise. All I can say is that as awful as it is.....it will go away. Im sorry you are having to experience this. Xoxo
hair is very pink and cute kittens!!
For a present idea for Liam: for my boyfriend last year I got him a personalised wallet with his initials on (from notonthehighstreet.com) and also a little cute metal insert (also from notonthehighstreet) with a lovely message on to keep inside :)
Can I suggest cutting down on sugar it can give you nightmares.  I had to do it with my oldest son he never really has nightmares now.
Someone's probably already said this but I put any sort of wax in the freezer to get it out of the container. If it doesn't pop right out after tipping it over, you can use a butter knife to lightly break it up into a few pieces! 😊
How do you tell the difference between the kittens like they are full on identical 😂 (and totally adorable!!!) ❤
I LOVE you, Louise xx
to remove wax from a candle you should put it in a freezer and then get the wax out with a knife :) never done it myself but i saw Ingrid Nilsen do it in one of her vids
@brummymummyof2 I have a candle filing system as well! I thought I was the only one!
*Liam present* how are one of those picture frames that have scan 1 scan 2 and now I'm here for him of baby pentland and maybe a experience day somewhere
I adore the mad af cat woman vibe you've got going on. This is very #goals
Hi louise, by the sounds of it I had a similar birth of my first child also 6 years ago. I have just had my second baby 8 weeks ago and the birth was totally different and much more of a positive experience. Just wanted to reach out to say every birth is different. Message me if you want to chat x
I could never have children I would definitely not trust other people because they definitely don't have your best interests and your being completely rational about this
I need a video on Emma's candle filling system 😂
LOVE the pink hair. And I agree with Em - you are doing a WONDERFUL job. Also love the mini Si quote at Homesense! xx
Love this vlog but did anyone feel like it ended abruptly?
an idea for the baby name reveal, you could carve her name into a pumpkin for halloween then put a candle in? just a suggestion x
I think the best way to get someone a good gift is to note in your mind what they want or need. For example, I had no idea what to get my step mum for her birthday this year. But when I visited her she was complaining about having too little mugs, and that they were black on the inside so she couldn't see when the tea was brewed to her taste. I remembered that and got her some cute ones with white on the inside. She was thrilled! For my boyfriend's birthday, I got him a nice sweatshirt I thought would suit him, and a fancy chocolate powder drink I saw him pick up in the store. It was too expensive for him so he didn't get it, even though he wanted to. He also lives outside my city, so he travels pretty much every weekend for 3-4 hours straight to see me (we both study), so I got him a traveling pillow so he'd be more comfy. So if Liam wants or needs new nice clothes, I think that would be the perfect gift!
Velvet Teddy has never looked good on me because I'm Blonde, but Honey Love which is a similar colour looks fab!
I love how your vlogs are such a mix of emotions and discussions about things that you are going through. I agree it is so important to talk about how you're feeling so they are an accurate portrayal of real life. It's why I watch you religiously 💜 love your hair and the kittens just melt my heart! And finally, to get the wax out of your old candle jars, fill them with boiling water and the wax will melt and float to the surface. Then you get a clean jar and a wax melt that you can use as well. It sometimes takes a couple of goes, but it does work.  👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
To get the wax out you just have to freeze the entire candle and it should pop right out!! Love you Louise <3
You have the best sense of humour I've ever witnessed aha
Is Liam into cars? You could get him a supercar racing experience, I got my boyfriend that for his 18th several years ago now, you can pick how many cars they drive and what ones - he always talks about how much he loved it! I found mine on Red Letter Days! Hope this is helpful :D
I love mildreds, they do good food and cocktails
No judging here I love puzzles!!!! I was going to get a Disney one too the other day now you've convinced me I really should!!!
This is my favourite weekly vlog yet! I laughed so much at the Home Sense section!xxx
great product and great price. you can use Argan Rain Shampoo safely.  you can thank me later.
My hair is slightly more purple than pink but it's still pretty colourful - can I join the pink hair gang?
This vlog is so pink, I love it :D
Put the candle in the freezer and the wax should just pop out with a knife. I've done it before with melted wax on trays and it works really well.
Why u celebrating Halloween so early? Xx
I want friends that come over to eat drink and do puzzles!!! 😭
Best way to get wax out of candle holders is to put them in the freezer, after that wax should be easy to remove :) Once you've got the main wax out of the jar, you can use a bit of vinegar to get any small bits off the side x
For lovely positive birth experiences - INa May Gaskin's Guide To Childbirth - this woman is the Florence Nightengale of midwifery and has overseen thousands of births since the 70s, and she makes it all so beautiful, natural, and satisfying.  Also, you have to watch Emily Norris birth video, I mean you'll want to have the baby right on your sofa I promise.
I'd put your candle in the freezer for a few hours, that way you can use knife to pop the wax out easily. You can use nail polish remover to get the wicks out if they don't come out with the wax. Good luck!
More adverts than an itv period drama but still worth it 😉 #mumagottamakeabuck
what about a guitar case for liam? x
I get the wax out of old candles by simply pouring boiled water into them and then you poor the water out over the sink through like 5 or 6 pieces of paper towel. The paper towel should collect the wax so it doesn't go down the sink. You can then pour more hot water back in and then wipe the inside clean of wax with more paper towel. The wicks can be removed from the bottom when the hot water is in there with a knife or something. Hope that made sense! xxxx
When are we going to see Liam❔❔❔
I had to empty loads of candle jars to use as sweet jars for our wedding. The easiest way I found was to stick them in the freezer overnight and then you can pop the leftover wax out if you loosen it with a knife.
I'm in love with you 2 mummy's 😍❤️
I love you Louise and you are a marvelous human being! Keep being lovely!
literally saw lindsey kelk in the thumbnail and couldn't click fast enough
Don't know if you got the answer about you candle but put it in the freezer! The wax will pop right out.
Before you put the candle into the jar add a little water to the jar and it pops right out when your done with burning it😁
You with Emma is like the best thing ever! Your joy is infectious!
Wait, I might be completely wrong, but aren't you not supposed to dye your hair whilst pregnant?
I love you and Emma together lmao I was crying laughing !
I absolutely love the fact that you debated with yourself on how to pronounce pecan. Also, my granny always said how you pronounce it depended on how much you paid for them lol.
i love the pink hair would love to dye my hair this colour but i dont think i would suit it ! x
Maybe you could get something from Ted Baker which would suit Liam. Xxx PS LOVE the hair
A watch??? For Liam???
Put the candle in the freezer for 30 minutes to an hour....When you take it out it should have contracted  and will fall right out. I just did one the other day, it took mine about an hour.
put boiling water over the candle and then scrub after a bit to get the wax out!
As someone who uses candle glasses for drinking glasses (poor student life lmao) pour some boiling water into the glass and then set it in a bowl or a sink with hot water until the wax loosens up and you can basically take it out then wash it multiple times
You should be feeling really good for talking about ptsd after birth. It's really important for women to talk about, we want women to have a positive birth experience. Just remember you can do this 🙌🏻
that emma lady seems like a nasty person?
You always apologize for saying negative things but it makes you a real human if it was all rainbows and candy floss I would think you were a phoney, I have an almost 6 year old and pretty much had to stop watching the news once she was born, I can definitely get caught up with worries that are mad. Always appreciate your honesty!
Hi Louise - this'll probably get lost in the sea of comments but I'm 18 years old and I suffer from PTSD from when my fiancé went into hospital and I know how horrible this illness is and how much it can affect you - I think my top tips are to ground yourself and to know you've got over this once before and that you can again!! It's hard to stay positive but it's all about the mindset and you control your own brain - thank you for talking about it I feel better knowing I'm not alone <3
Congratulations
I love doing puzzles too
www.littlebluenest.com thank me later x
Please don't apologize for talking about things that are happening in your life, even if it's not 100% happy. Save the filters for Instagram, we come here to see your real life.  :) Also, you might be experiencing some depression and anxiety from pregnancy hormones. It can really mess with your head. Sometimes it goes away after baby comes, but sometimes it can linger. Either way it's a good idea to talk to your midwife about it so she can help.
I had the exact same thoughts when i was expecting with my 2nd! X
put the container in the fridge :)
'What do you think of the red vibes? Does it make you feel like your about to get murdered or are in a brothel?' 😂
I love the pink hair!
Hey Louise, I'm 34 and maybe one of your oldest viewers but wanted to comment and say I love your videos.  Been watching you for years (that sounds creepy....) but I am also training to become a counsellor at the moment and I loved hearing you found CBT helpful, counselling really is amazing and I highly recommend it to everyone! Luv u x
Put the burned out candle in the freezer. Wax will pop out x
Love the pink hair it really suits you  I'm a new subscriber love your videos xx
Where is your lovely black and white star jumper from Louise? x
Mountain tit😂😘
You're really funny
a massive pink haired bellend lmao
you look like rose quarts!^^
Awww kitties 🐱
Love love love your pink hair!!!
Best shopping vlog ever!!!  Laughed till I cried!
*Аre уоu lоoking fоr hot dаtеs in уour nеighbourhооd?*

AsQgxPjhqXU,\n *They hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=AsQgxPjhqXU_982921
Do you guys have air conditioners in your homes in the U.K.?
Hey Louise. Have you ever thought of trying Cognitive Behavioural Therapy? That could maybe help your negative/intrusive thoughts x I admire you for being so open in the vlogs x love your hair!
Counselling? I go regularly so things that keep coming to me & upsetting me can be dealt with before it gets any more. I had postnatal depression so have to keep on top of my low moods.
lose some weight pig
wheres zula
I love how Sean gets slightly more urban every season.
turn the background music down just a bit for the next one please. ty
I once put pepper spray in my beans and put that shit in my enchiladas. This stuff is like ketchup to me.
I mean... At some point a pepper will be created that just singes your flesh. The chemical reaction will be that you have no skin left...
the last dab. hope no one dies from that sauce. I think Sean wings are rigged insont see him sweat anymore
you just know that assholes all over the world will be pranking friends with this
Keep the name Pepper X
Jesus Christ this pepper and sauce have left the realm of sauce and put itself in antipersonnel weapons territory
Pepper X is a really good name actually
not the hottest anymore
I care sean - respect
Dab on those haters
Dab on the haters...
Devils ember
Am I the only person that saw Nick Kroll....?
Why are you throwing up the X you don’t dez
Wow... Pepper X looks a lot weirder than I thought it would.. figured it would be more similar to a reaper. Looks more like a strange cross of a banana pepper, a habanero and a reaper...
Hey. There are a couple of very popular YouTubers called Chappers and the Captain on the Andertons YouTube channel that REALLY waNna do the wing challenge / interview. Get them on!!
Why not call Pepper X the Puckerbutt Pepper? Seems fitting imo
These ads suck :( but I love the hot ones! 👍🏽
That sauce ain't nothin' . if you really wana hurt people  You gotta turn that pepperX into a dry rub. No lube. \nDehydrate it, grind it into powder with salt, citric acid and hate.
Once these peppers are released, these are going to blow up in the media...😅
if this was 5 seconds long you would have gotten better ads why no 10 min?
pepper X?\n\n\n\n\n\nsomeone call rhett and link
so the hottest pepper at the moment is the komodo dragons breath chili and this guy plans to reclaim the crown.
Hot Ones episode where someone interviews Sean!
The creator of Pepper X, the creator of the Carolina Reaper, the creator of Peepee Succ
Don't let the fans decide or it'll be peppery mcpepperface
Planning on getting this for my bf and his mom, who love hot sauce. I'm just scared they'll use it against me lmao
Pepper X, Xbox One X, and IPhone X.
The dude's teeth is the same color as the pepper.
GET THE LAST DAB ON AMAZON! PLEASE WE BEG YOU!
I watch this and start sweating. It's unreal.
The pepper should be called «the hot one»
Try and get Furious Pete on the Hot Ones.
Call the sauce seans sweet serenade. So it gives them a false sense then kicks their nuts lol.
It's really fuckin' shitty that so many people are giving it negative reviews solely because they weren't able to get their hands on it due to limited availability. 1 star, never tried it. Weak shit, man. We didn't get it the first time, like most people, and we're very happy and extremely lucky to have scored a bottle of the second. What was it, second batch sold out in under a minute? Can't wait to try it once it actually gets here.
Wishing for a Pepper X Pod Review soon.
Where can I buy the NORMAL hot one sauce ??? Not this fucked up one xD But the The red one!!?? I've been tring to find it on your website but can't find it :(
I EAT PEPPERS LIKE THAT FOR BREAKFAST!!!!😠😠😤
I just dabbed now,  I got the Last dab.
I'll finish a while bottle in one meal
How can I get a bottle of this stuff? I really want to put it on a taco.
Do you realize the marketing powerhouse y'all have here? I crave wings like you can't believe and I just dumped 70$ buying the last dab and the hot ones sauce......got me hooked damn you
The pepper should be called The Little Death because you will lose a little bit of yourself to it or El Diablo because what is scarier than the reaper but the devil!  The Diablo Pepper is the hottest in the world.
I say u name pepper x Satan's A$$hole
There is no Ghost Pepper period.
Take a shot every time Sean says his twitters a mess
Chili Klaus and Sean eat pepper X...do it.
Please don't change the name, Pepper X is so fitting.
is it weird that I love Sean Evans and his show, even if I'm not into hot sauces?!
They should have smokin ed on the show bust instead of chicken wings they have spicy peppers
7:32 He Ed does not seem to approve you guys changing the name of the pepper lol
How much for the bottle?
Hot Sauce leads to hair loss.
I'd preorder that shit if they need more time
Make a new rule: everyone has to clean the wings. No more little nibbles that have no impact and make the reactions boring.
This was a really good infomercial.
I just found this channel, but I knew all about Puckerbutt! I love using their peppers to make my salsa :D
I just dont see the enjoyment in eating something that overwhelming.... I don't want snot on my wings... I sure as hell dont want to die from asphyxiation....
Call it The Baker
Apply to haters for maximum effectiveness
I want a dab bro I went and bought 357 and I threw up twice just trying to make a video
Bought a bottle 1:34 seconds into thos video.
Pepper X is a good name. Doesn't need any changing
That guy has the most yellow teeth I've ever seen
You could call them Yoda Peppers.  Because they are green and unassuming looking but pack a big punch.
Noah having an orgasm on camera and Ed's weird teeth
New name for Pepper X:  Ed's Dead.
The Liquid Rage in Blair's Mega Death Sauce is extract!! You've been exposed this whole time!!
New drinking game: take a drink every time Sean makes a hand gesture and/or points.
I'm sorry Sean, i don't know why but the show isn't compelling enough on the long term. Good luck though...
Arrest that man! He's a hot sauce criminal master mind!
I bought the sauce hesitant that it was just a business ploy. I was right. Your hot sauce sucks. But you won, you got my money. I won't be buying it again
Just call the pepper: Smokin' Ed.
they should also sell wings by connecting with a good company
Death names are cliche. Rename the Pepper X the “Tesseract Pepper”. Because like the 4-D cube, this sauce makes you see in a new dimension.
At what point does this just become dangerous?
you should do a video that ranks your favorite hot sauces
Sean, please invite fellow chili-head musician Chris Perez.
Sean poetic segway Evans
His neck tho
Cambodia death camp
What about dragons breath
Pepper X in all it's (out of focus) beauty.
Ed Currie looks like Adam Sandler's brother
*Great sauce!!*
call it Peppy McPepperface
Shits right up my alley
Choclate bhutlah.  \n\n\n\n\n\n\nThats all i hav to say
You made a fucking nuke.
Makeup orange comfortable die few ah complex.
drunk hug x 2
PEPPERFART 3000
Put that in your wifes douche.
Pepper McPepperface anyone?
Cringe cold open
name that thing Satans Sack
Puckerbutt!☆
I will give you my first born child for a bottle of that sauce
Wow her sister's hair is so different! But it suits her!!! She looks so youthful and adventures
I literally started sobbing when your grandpa came on :'( He reminds me so much of mine. I hope he gets better soon!!!
the second i saw the hospital clip i just started crying - my biggest fear is losing my grandparents.. i just never want that to happen, i love them too much
Does anyone know that name of the cute cafe she met her friend Amanda at ??? So cuteeee
Your grandpa is very precious & i hope he holds on for longer :’) also love ur cat so cute
oh I remember seeing your grandpa in your past vlogs and he brought me so much joy. The clips of your grandpa got me. Praying he'll be well.
Your vlogs are beautiful and very relaxing
I appreciate the small editing details you add into your vlogs. Like when you were washing dishes, the camera shot from the side, and then from inside the cabinet as you put the dish away was really seamless! Lovely work
Girl the fact that you're trending now I love u I want u to myself
aww ur grandfather melted my heart😭💗
Dorm tour!!!!
i was crying so bad when i saw ann's grandpa.
the part with tour grandfather made me cry
I just started my freshmen year at scad and the work you do and out into these blogs really inspire me to do my reading 😂
first video of urs I’ve seen and ur grandpa part made me tear up :,( ❤️ love ur vlog so far ! Ima subscribe lol
did you keep the puppy ??
I'd cry to let go my cats 😭
Why am I crying in the club😭
Seeing your grandpa reminded me of mine and now I'm crying lol
aw your grandpa :((( i remember seeing him in all ur christmas vlogs n when he popped up i just sobbed :( i rlly hope he gets better n is able to come back home w u n film more stuff :) cheer up annabelle!
This vlog made me cry. So beautifully edited as always Annabelle- I'll never get over how emotional, raw and cosy you're videos are⭐️💛
JUST TELL YOUR SIS HER NEW HAIRSTYLE IS TOO NICE !!
I cried so much when you showed your grandfather :( I hope he's doing well!
shout out to kens ramen, place is an 11/10
I don't know why, but the part with your granddad had me sobbing! I really love your videos!
Apartments are soooo much cheaper than dorms and gladly better for art school
hope your grandad gets well soon <3 much love to you and your family
I cried when I saw your grandpa,  he is so cute . I haven't met my grandparents , they oases away before I was born , but I really love grandparents , their so sweet . I hope he is doing well :)
I LOVE the vibes to this video
HOW DO YOU KEEP  YOU BAG SO CLEAN! Mine gets dirty sooooo easily
You are so wonderful
the grandpa part made me cry so bad haha...i really hope that he does stay there till the end of the year :')\ngood luck
I love love love this vlog so much it's so cute and I feel like moving in with you guys 😭
Crying like a baby. Hope your grandfather feels better soon.
I'm so excited for more VLOGS this is amazing
I love you... that's all I can say...
The grandpa clip.I've been crying for good 15 minutes now.Hit me right in the heart
Always love seeing new videos from you, makes me feel so creative 💛
Your videos are SOO NICE! Well done!
Your sister looks beautiful with her new haircut ❤️
i love watching your videos before bed ! they really help you wind down and your dorm and the places you go are so cute !
Your grandpa is so cute, I hope he gets better! ❤️❤️❤️
How poor your grandma is ! Get the embrace just for cinema.
Its so nice you were able to settle in again! <3 Im praying for your grandfather, he looks like such a sweet being :(. much love !! <33
my cat passed away recently and looks a lot like pumpkin! he's so cute and i was very happy seeing him in this video.\n\n\nAnd you and your sister's hair is so cute!!
you're so such a baby, you inspire me on every single vlog. I hope you get all the sucess that you deserve
I love your vlogs so much, they make wanna be productive and do stuff💞💗
Can you vlog again your cat
Your sister's hair looks amazing😻
I'll do my homework....right after this video
Welcome back to Providence, come by Hometown Poké sometime!
what camera do you shoot on ?
I wish your grandfather all the best, and hope he has a speedy recovery.
The same thing happened to my grandma recently 😪 praying for your family x
i told myself i wouldn't cry at the scene of your grandpa at the hospital, but when he started waving and saying goodbye, i burst into tears. i recently moved to another state, away from my grandparents and i miss them oh, so dearly. not having them across town anymore has been so hard on me, but i know they'll be okay. i loved this vlog and i love you, annabelle!
I hope your grandfather gets well soon, you have my prayers...
this is so so so enjoyable i love your vlogs and your sister's new haircut looks amazing
your granddad seems really sweet x i hope the best for him and your family!! and have a wonderful time at uni!
I live in ri 😛
Her new hair cut is so cool
I clicked so fast omg. I love your vlogs and you and your sister. Ahhh
cried during my lunch break after seeing that section with your grandpa. praying for him!
Dude your videos are soo good! Im literally binge watching, thank god you showed up on trending, your videos are truly moving art!
i was so sad about your grandpa home he gets well sooner than later
your grandpa is lucky to have such a wonderful family, i wish him all the best :)
haha omg when I saw that you were flying to pvd I was like 😱😱😱 I go to school there too! I'm at brown university 😋
I started crying when I saw your granny, because it remembered me of my grandfather who died 3 months ago. Also he wanted us to succeed ❤️
the clips with your grandfather are so beautiful, sending all my love to you and your family & hope he gets well soon
You're so lucky to have your vlogs with your grandpa...you'll treasure those. I still have voicemails from my pa-pa and they're invaluable. Grandpas are the best, aren't they??
this is #44 on trending !!
I actually started crying after you said goodbye to your grandfather ❤
You're grandpa is so sweet and loving. Thank you for sharing such a precious moment. ~
Praying for your grandfather. He reminded me of mine and I kinda teared up. ♥️
Ahahah when your kitty was meowing my cat paced back and forth of the house trying to find where it was coming from
Your videos are so pleasing and calming to watch, thank-you for that! I'm excited that you're back at RISD because I'm from Providence and love seeing the familiar sights! I actually used to work at the Seekonk 99 Restaurant for six years before quitting to do YouTube full time :) Sending love to you and your family <3
It's sad seeing that your grandfather isn't doing well. \nI'm praying for him and your family. X
haha did anyone else see the dean mug??
These vlogs are so cute and they feel so artistic and each one is really original! There's always beautiful music and scenery that you put in. Love them
you're worth being on trend💛 LOVE YOU SO MUCH
the love was radiating from the screen during your visit to your grandfather and you got me really emotional. family is so sacred <£
Just discovered your channel and I'm so glad I did. They're so real and your outlook on life is comforting and inspiring, makes me feel not so alone. Best wishes to your family ❤️
爷爷 aaaaaaa. bless him. bless him so much.
FINALLY OMG
你是南方人吗？？
Trending wow!❤️
Your grandpa ❤️💔❤️
U r super cute and beautiful and inspiring ❤️
OMG UR TRENDING
Your sister looks like 周冬雨，the Chinese actress☀️
The thumbnail . Same 😅
u & ur sister r so cute & homely tgt aa 💞
44th on trending omg
hope your grandfather is okay
ok that supernatural mug tho
aweeee i hope ur grandpa will be okay 💖
Editing goals❤️!
αωωωω υя gяαиρα ιѕ ѕσ ¢υтє ι ¢яιє∂ ωнєи ι ѕαω нιм вє¢αυѕє. му gяαиρα яє¢єитℓу нα∂ ραѕѕє∂ αωαу 😭😰 ѕσ нσρєfυℓℓу υя gяαиρα ωιℓℓ вє σкαу αи∂ gσ∂ ωιℓℓ ρяσтє¢т нιм
超爱你的vlog 希望爷爷快点好起来哦！
I like all of your vlogs. This one I liked especially bacause I just started my first year in uni, and I left my country, friends and family for this. This vlog is very relateble and heatwarming! I'm so happy you girls live together now! You're so adorable together! :))
I love her videos it's so relaxing
Just sat down now that my daughter Aria fell asleep and you uploaded! love that we have a daughter with the same name 😂
I'm not pregant, no kids and i don't know if I will have kids yet but I just love mommy related videos 😂🙈
You should prank your husband and fill the bag with potatoes (up to the same weight) so the next time he is with Aria and tries to take something from the bag he will be confused. (But make sure to leave just one spare diaper at the bottom of the bag) \n\nI'm hitting the age (26) where I'm finding myself progressively thinking about starting a family almost every single day. Anyone else like that?
You ur mama bear shirt is too die for 👌🏻🌸🌸 great diaper bag as well ☀️☀️
Yay!!! You're such an inspiration Jen! I so appreciate these videos (I'm 20 weeks along with a baby girl), thank you!!
I love your mommy videos!!
yesssss JUJUBE lovers!!!
Love you Jen! ❤️
♥️♥️♥️
boogie wipes are a life saver!
New subscriber
I just ordered same sippy cup:)
I'm a young mommy and I've been struggling to find a good diaper bag. Thank goodness for this video because I definitely know what to get now!!
Do you still breastfeed at all? My daughter will turn 1 next month and I don't know how to start weaning her
I love this video! My husband and I are first time parents to our amazing one month old daughter, Ellie. We definitely had questions on what to put in the diaper bag the first time we packed it. Just like you guys, we like to keep things to a minimum of what we need to carry. I like the style of your bag a lot. We've got the kind of classic duffel-style bag, but I think once Ellie gets a little older, we'll end up switching to something like yours. Loving all of your Momtember videos! Please keep 'em coming <3
Obviously I wouldn't just whip my boob out anywhere! - I'm so lucky I got to whip my boob to feed my baby out without fear in San Diego: at the park, at the San Diego Zoo, on the beach, at the tide pools - and no one gave me a hard time.  In fact, I'd say at least in our part of SD it was rare to find mommies using a nursing cover.  Now when we moved up to the Miracle Mile in LA I gotta say I would feel weird breastfeeding in front of some of the scary homeless people or in a super crowded area.  What a blessing to have had that first year and a half with my baby in South Park, San Diego, where hipsters don't care if you breastfeed in public.
Hey Jen! I love Ju-Ju-Be bags! If you want more, there is a FB community for Ju-Ju-Be fans and also a BST page for it! There are more Hello Kitty items to match your coin purse! I have a few of them and love that print! Let me know and I can share the links to the pages!
You should making video about reviewing baby product too.. 😄
I like how you packed this bag with all the right essentials. I would do the same. I used to have a back pack type diaper bag too when my son was a baby. it was great for traveling. I think that brand was called one step ahead or something, been long ago lol.
I loved your idea of the coin pouch for your car key and stole it plus I add my drivers license.
Thanks for sharing! I love these vids...just curious to see what others carry in their diaper bag.  Does the backpack come with a stroller strap? TY!
We pack similarly! As mine got older, diapers were replaced by snacks, his sunglasses, etc. But I'm pregnant again and love seeing what other people do -- not sure how I'll pack for two!
I had the same diaper bag and it broke within 6 months of using it plus I found it not functional at all . I purchased it before my son was born :( . I feel into the hype 😖
I will be so happy when I can make videos like this. We have been trying for over a year now. Until then I can keep watching videos like this and learn as much as I can! :)
Yeah jujube!!! We have snacks in the top zipper in case Allie gets hungry, and an extra set of clothes for me cos there has been accidents (I usually have it in a separate be quick for me)..
Does she still drink milk from bottles? Our littles are the same age and I still carry around toddler formula and bottles lol
100% with you on the diaper wipes! They are so handy!
This is a lovely bag but how do you use a backpack bag when you're dressed up fancy 🤦🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
My kids are older, 8 and 4, but I still carry around baby wipes. I keep a bag in my bag and in the car. I swear, someone is always spilling something or getting their little fingers sticky/dirty. 😂
such a cute video, you have a lot of good essentials xo
My daughter absolutely LOVES that baby Einstein music light up thing. It's a life saver for my husband and I.
Loved this so much Jen!! I love more simplistic things too so this was super satisfying to watch. :) Thank you for sharing.
Omg! I got that little fan thing when I was in San Diego. It's so useful and such an awesome thing for a hot day
Despite the fact that I don't plan to marry any time soon, I love all these mom videos because I know that these will come in handy some years later. This I know from my experience with menstrual cups--knowing many things about them before actually using them (thanks to Jen) has helped me so much.
Yes! Yes! Yes! I love our backpack bag, and I basically carry exactly what you do, with one addition. A shirt for me! I was inspired by a friend of mine who's daughter had a blow out while she was holding her. We were out and her baby had a change of clothes, but momma wasn't as lucky.
The link to the diaper backpack doesn't work :/
Loving momtember 💖💖 So relateable
Please keep posting these mom video or even your experience!! Love them so much
No snacks or food 😛 ? That is something I always keep for my baby .. like one smoothie or raisins or ... something 😝😝
LOVE JuJube, I own two! and Steven used to love that toy as well! Love your Momtember vids! :)
No snackies?! 😲 If I didn't have to carry 2 different medical kits, I'd be able to get by using a regular handbag with a small diaper pouch and snackies. Instead, I use a giant Kenneth Cole commuter bag. Lol.
Props to all the moms out there!👏
Where do you put your baby bottles?
This was brave of you. The story about what girls said to you in grade school made me want to give you a hug :(   A great life is the best revenge!
I’ve totally had this problem for idk how long. I still have it. You mentioned thinking about sweating. I will psych myself out when I wear light colored clothes because I just know I’m gonna sweat heavily in them which is why my closet mainly consists of black. If I do wear light colored shirts I fold a paper towel and put in under my armpits. (My friend used to sew the paper towels in her shirt) but the panty liner hack is awesome as well. Thanks for being so candid about topics like this because as a woman it’s not easy to admit you deal with things like this. The world is so unapologetically judgmental that even the most natural things get criticized.
Thinking about sweating and sweating more is so true!! I use the Degree motion sense shower clean. It helps with the sweat a lil but the scent of the deodorant stayssss all day ! That’s what I like about it.
@JackieAina I love you so much for this video. 🙌🏾🙏🏿❤ As a heavy sweater 😂 (insert 🎄 sweater) I've always been embarrassed about it but at the same time like what do y'all expect by now?! C'mon, I sweat. In highschool I went to the dermatologist and got some deodorant that I could only use at night 1,2 days after shaving and it literally would burn up my sweat glands, so I wouldn't perspire under my arms. After a few uses, I started sweating from my hands and feet because let's face it, I'm a heavy sweater. Now that I'm older, I also wear a lot of cotton, open breathable armed shirts, and eat a more balanced diet. I won't lie though, sometimes I shower with half a lemon with honey topped with (I alternate between Epsom salt and sugar) it seems to have helped as well as using all natural deodorants that ARE NOT anti perspirant. Lol, sue me.\nThanks again for even being REAL like you are to have such an honest conversation about overactive sweat glands. 😂😂😂😭😢🙌🏾
Thank you for being transparent.
What's it called anti???
YES! I suffer from the exact same thing, this was needed.
I have it too. I noticed now that I don't do sports I sweat a lot less as a whole. And for me I sweat a lot more when I'm in public which is so annoying cause I don't sweat at all at home. I haven't used any prescription options but I have used that secret antiperspirant specifically for excessive sweat and it did not work for me . I have heard though of hyper care solution which is good for hyperhyrosis and can even cure the excessive sweating permanently
I get really sweaty hands. Alll thhe timmeee. When i went to the nail salon SHE PUT MY HAND UP TO THE LITTLE FAN ON THE TABLE. I know ur talking about me in ching chong language.
This is so brave of you 💜💜
Ugh JACKIE THANK YOU 🙏 I'm 12 years old and I've had this forEVER this video helped greatly just even knowing that someone else has it is aMAZING✨ and the fact that there's a name for it to ugh 😥Jackie girl thank you some of the best advice ever and my mama gives me tips to but she don't got it 😂✨💕
I sweat on my face, in my hair (which I got from my grandma), and my back. It's nice to know that I'm not the only one out here looking drenched and sickly after doing 10 mins of activity! Thanks for the video, I love your videos and can't wait to see more!! 😀💓
Drysol stops my sweating, when I am actively using it.
jackie!! where have you been all my life i feel like my whole life is in this video!! i never knew it had a name!
Can you do videos on how you pick the hair colors and install
You don't have to wear a pantie liner, just buy Thompson Tees.
Jackie please come thru with the sweat proof makeup. I sweat like crazy.
Did we have the same mom? 🤔 my mom told me to put cornstarch under my arms too lol and the the she tried it with the natural deodorants 🙄
Dope you partnered with cotton. Keep rising to the top!
I get sweaty under my pits pretty bad. It's gotten better as I've got older. About the Botox, I've heard that it works wonders, however, I wouldn't get it done too regularly. Your body needs to excrete sweat because it contains toxins and other stuff your body is trying to rid itself of. The Botox is basically keeping it inside of you. Great advice video though Jackie!
What size is your pretty little things top and bottoms?
ive ruined so many clothes from my sweat! im going to try the cotton only idea and the corn starch. thank you love! xoxo
omg thank you for this video! Your honesty is amazing School was tough for me as well. Overtime I learned to deal and change up what I wore. 👏🏾
THANK YOU for this video!! It's a topic that a lot of people don't  like to talk about but just know I and I'm sure a lot of others appreciate!!
This is so me. Certain dry for underarm sweat totally worked for me I highly recommend giving it a try for the fellow pit sweaters out there.
I have hyperhydrsis in my hands and feet. I HATE shaking hands or writing things.\nI used to have to explain to people before they tried to hold my hands. It got really awkward when I started having boyfriends\nANNND I live in Jamaica and its horrible.
I live with hyperhidrosis in Florida. Heat and humidity are the WORST. I almost want to move to Alaska, it's so bad.
I LOVE YOU THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS VIDEO
YOU DID NOT GROW UP IN LP!!!!! I lived down the street from Basset HS!!!! But I went to school in Hacienda Heights lol but anyway you just got way cooler (than I already thought you were)
I just love u @jackie aina 😂😂 thnkx a lot for the tips
I rarely ever hear you tubers talk about La Puente . I grew up there too 😭
I can relate TOTALLY!  I use Certain Dri At night and you can even shower in the next day and then apply deodorant.
I can't believe you suffer from the same thing! I take meds for mine.
my underarm sweat gets so bad i can feel beads of it rolling down my body it's so terrible and embarassing
I've done the pantyliner trick - go mom. XD
oh my god I think i have what you said. it bothers me so much but what bothers me the most is my sweaty palms, i feel like i can't hold anyone's hands because of it. if any one has any tips please help<3
I sweat so much on my face that I can't wear any face makeup. No foundation, no concealer, no blush nothing. I even sweat off my moisturiser and I use a light gel formula. It's really annoying.
They have arm pit pads at the fabric stores. There are several in a box. They help also. What you is put them in arm pit of the jacket blouse or wat ever you have on, it also helps to keep sweat n deodorant off your garment. It's sticky on the back side! I am so glad someone else nos about these things becuz I used to feel all alone with no one to talk about it to 😭😭😭😭
I'm a face sweater and I'm oily😭
Drinking lots of water and reducing the consumption of junkfood  could Also help.
it’s so nice to hear a big youtuber talk about this. My armpits get soaked even when it’s freezing outside. I think i might ask a doctor about prescription antiperspirant
But this vid was for me though 😩 I've had a problem with sweating since I was 10 (I'm 21 now) and I've tried one medicine that gave me a bad reaction on my skin. I'm going to try to cornstarch tip and maybe the pantiliner one but I feel like that would feel weird (even tho I tuck paper towel in them already 🙄). But I'm definitely gonna keep in mind the only cotton clothes tip as well! Down the road I'll try the botox shots (I think I saw that tiara walker YouTube girl saying she had good results with it) but that shit is expensive. lol I hope these work Jackie, thanks for the pointers 😭
I really needed this video..... the dove antiperspirant is my best friend
What are the risks of underarm botox and how much per treatment does it cost?
I'm very familiar with this struggle 😭 the only thing that has worked for me is Driclor it's a roll on anti-perspirant and it works like magic! I order it online and use it before bed. Initially I'd use it every night but now I only need to use it one in like 2 and I don't sweat under my arms AT ALL. It's pretty cheap and I'd definitely suggest it to anyone else suffering 😊
The struggle is REAL!! I seriously almost never sweat until I was like 16-17, and then it was like my body decided to make up for lost time overnight.😒 It could be 25°F out and I'm freezing, but my pits decide that I need to cool down. Thankfully it's calmed down a bit now, and using the Secret Clinical Strength deodorant has been a miracle worker, especially when I use it at night🙌
Whaaat!!! Where in la puente girl! I to ! Born and raised!!!
I use apple cider vinegar on my underarms and I don't need to put on deodorant!! NO SWEAT!!
IM SO HAPPY U POSTED THIS.
Ugh I have excess face sweating for the past few years, I would rather sweat ANYWHERE else but my face! I swear my whole face of makeup off 😐
Clinique makes gym makeup! It's called Clinique FIT! now the foundation range isn't that wide but they do have matte moisturizer 24 mascara and some other items! Go check it out at any Ulta store.
What lipstick are you wearing? I think it'll look bomb on me 😏
I have the same problem!!  Jackie you NEEEED to try absolut torr! It’s the BEST! You use it once a week, put it on to clean skin  before you go to sleep, let it dry and for the next 7 days your good 👌 if you have sensitive skin remember to put it only on the area that swets not all over!
Get diagnosed, there could be other things happening in your body! But of course support ya girl n use the tips, obviously if you sweat they will help you, just make sure all is well inside you
Casually back in your corner after watching your latest video about IT cosmetics. Thanks for the educational snap rant 😘
I have this. I sweat every day. I sweat when im cold and sweat more when im sitting down than when im running. Its ridiculous.
I’m currently 16 and recently I think I’ve become affected, my face and hands sweat so baddddddd, I’ll be putting on makeup and literally my upper lip and forehead will drip
Omg I hate it I be sweating when I'm walking or when I'm Anxious or even when I'm not or angry I sweat a lot no matter how much deodrant and baby powder I put on it's a pain in the butt
that panty liner part got my thumb. makes sense
Grew up in La Puente???!! Me too haha
I’m so happy to know that one of the main youtubers that I watch also has hyperhidrosis and I don’t see so different - I got it from my mom as well and so thank you for talking about it 💛💛
I have an autoimmune disease and when I developed it my ability to sweat has gone away. I have to avoid the heat.. Its not the same but its embarrassing and a lot of people just don't understand and look at me weird and get upset when I tell them I can't do aomething because its too hot. My body can't cool itself down bybsweating and it makes me sick when I'm in the heat.
yo the big sweatshirts used to save my life in middle school & high school and when people asked me to take if off I was straight up like nah , I can't say why but na. Haha thank you for making this vid Jackie sweaty girls unite
Love this video! I am a head sweater. My scalp sweats with minimal effort. My armpits sweat less so but definitely more than average. Super excited to put these tips to use! Anything to feel less like a child smelling like outdoors.
I have palmar hyperhidrosis! It’s affected me my whole entire life! It’s the worst thing ever.... especially at important meetings when you need to shake someone’s hand!! 😭
I sweat so bad on my face and arms. It bug the crap out of me. \nThe main thing I'd ask ypur help is on keeping foundation on my nose. You mentioned controlling oil and I know the nose is a part of the T zone with a lot of oil usually. My pasty white self likes to do makeup, but seasons changing makes my body go nuts, I have fo blow my nose twelve thousand times a day, and my foundation will come off of my nose, making me look like Roudolf the reindeer. \nWhat do I do?
during puberty i was really sweaty like so bad i thought i had hyperhidrosis. turns out it was just puberty, but it was hell.
Panty liners are the best. but for the yellow marks on your clothes, you need to use a deodorant that doesn't contain aluminium. Thats what causes the yellowness. Trust me, I've tested this out. I use the healthy deodorant from Sephora. I still have the yellowness but its waaaaaay less than before.
Yes please come through with the tips for face sweating!
I always sweat on my face!! Walking across campus is the worst, especially when I'm almost late to class 😅
I really appreciate this video so much
I relate so much to this video, but I need to know about your hair! I must know how to get it. Pretty please?
The worst part of my pregnancy was that my hyperhidrosis kept itself up through my temperature fluctations... but my nipples also decided to act up too. So if I wore a sweater to calm my boobs I would be super sweaty and if I took off the sweater to keep my temp down my boobs would be like 'hey y'all!' It was the worst. XD
thank you so so so much!! :)
Thank you so much for this video. High school was hell for me for this same reason. That part about long sleeves to hide the sweat was soooo true
OMG....I never thought there was a word for this issue. I sweat on my face like a faucet even in the dead of winter. My makeup suffers because of it but Thanks gonna look this up!
Dr Oz n Wendy Williams had this disorder and under their armpits!! They underwent the surgery! It's minor!! Nice to see you talk about something so personal to you because it affects males n females! Clothes do matter n cotton is the best!! Much love Jackie!!😍😘🌹♥️💯👍🏾👊🏾🙏🏾
thank you so much for this video. I just wish it  was uploaded about 10 years ago lol. My whole middle/high school career was horrible due me sweating under my arms. I would literally wear a jacket or sweater everyday to school. I have jackets now that no matter how much I wash them they still smell like old deodorant & musk 🤦🏾‍♀️🤢 I have shirts that I no longer wear in public because they have permanent deodorant stains on them. I used to be sooo insecure about my sweaty armpits because people would always call me out for them but now I could care less 🤷🏾‍♀️ lol anyways enough with this long paragraph I love you 😂♥️
I don't have a problem with underarm sweat or hands or anything. But if it's even a little warm my face will start POURING. And it's so embarrassing and OBVIOUS. So that sweat proof makeup video would be extremely clutch please and thank you. PS does anybody know anything to help with sweat in the boob area?
Thank you, Thank you so so much
Girl my aunt put me on to baking soda....BY FAR, the best thing I’ve ever tried. When you shower and wash your armpits, sprinkle a little baking soda on a soapy rag and wash your armpits with that. Even when you do finally sweat, there’s no smell....AT ALL!!! NOTHING!!
Huda beauty review 👀
Smelling like activity 😆
Musty Matilda lol
i sweat like that everywhere ugh
DRYSOL IS THE SHITTTTT
What are your favorite antiperspirants !?
MEET MY MOM Video please 🙏🏾🙏🏾
You should research Miradry
complerely relatable lol
Certain dri cvs non prescription
Peachy Nuuuude!!!! I see you
GIRL YAAAS I HAVE HYPOHIDROSIS TOO
Cornstarch & pantyliners(takes notes)
@Jackieaina Can You Review Dollhouse Pretty Cosmetics ?
You're body goals
Whats your problem?? you always talking mean about somebody or either its trying to get your face out in the world damn be thankful for your 1.6m followers being thirsty for more you will fall really fast. yes jeffree star said what he said but outside of him you be coming for everybody... i guess im next after this post huh.. i really dont give a fuck but what i will say is stop fucking coming for people and compaines cause soon aint nobody going to wan to work with you... if you trying to save your ass and get your face out there. Shut up would be the best way to go.
If you want to make it in life, stop being a condescending and patronizing bitch and start acting professionally. Stop using fake racism to get noticed. I gave a full explanation of why your racism police rants are balony on the here for the tea channel.
Love it that you made a video about this.\nI have hyperhidrosis on my hands and feet. Tomorrow I have a consult at a clinic to talk about a operation for my hands. It really infect my work as a muah...
Anyone think jackie sounds kinda different
Wow what an amazing scientist and an amazing person too.. Not only fighting to save the environment, the fish, and the local people livelihood to. Beautiful video, I feel like I'm also getting teary eyed just like Emily..
I just got home from my visit to The Field Museum last night and now I wake up to a BrainScoop video, it's like I never left Chicago.
This is SO COOL! It makes me so happy to see a field scientist who's a woman of color. Represent, homegirl, and keep fighting the good fight! Also, ya'll are adorable getting emotional about fish conservation I love seeing geeky people being passionate about conservation!!
That lady has such a soothing voice. I can listen to her talk about fish for hours.
This is an amazing way to teach us about large freshwater fish. Showing us how you study them, how they are protected, etc. Instead of the river monsters bs we get on cable tv, that do nothing but perpetuate myths about these creatures killing or eating humans.
Animal Crossing prepared me for this video.
I think it's really cool how this scientist emphasizes local knowledge! it's really in line with what I learn as a social anthropology student.
Fantastic work, it would be nice if people like Dr. Lesley could have the kind of prominence in society that we give to the many vacuous celebrities. The would would be a much richer for it. Thanks Emily, you're a bundle of wonder. :)
Arapaima is an amazing fish. It's extremely old species and is prehistoric as well. It's also incredibly powerful, able to literally break bones by launching itself at you (almost broke the guy from River Monster's chest plate)
On The Animal Planet show River Monsters Jeremy Wade talks about these multiple times. He had ribs broken by these trying to help net them for scientists like her.
Really enjoy your videos. Found you through the No Dumb Questions podcast and been watching you ever since. Keep up the good work!
You guys are amazing. Thank you for doing such great, inspiring work. I'd love the chance to pick your brain or at least listen to a lecture or read a book that you write.
Hahahaha I cried a little too. I love fish nerd friend Dr. Lesley :)
Emily I've been complained over the past year to reach and share with you the amazing journey I've been on thanks to you.  Just over a year ago I began watching your YouTube series BrainScoop and was fascinated by the work you do!  I started thinking maybe I could be like Emily one day, being an ambassador of science inspiring young people to become stewards of the planet.  I looked into enrolling into university, but my high school grades and courses were not adequate.  So it was back to high school for me to upgrade my math and sciences at the ripe old age of 29!! Today I am 30 years old; two weeks into my first year of university at MacEwan in Edmonton Alberta.  I have four years ahead before I can officially call myself a scientist, but you set the wheels in motion!!  Never did I imagine myself ever attending college or university espt at my age!  I'm so excited to earn my science degree in biology and anthropology with the hope of working at a museum just like you!  Thank you Emily for making your videos and inspiring me!  You do not know me but you have changed my life forever!!
She looks like Michelle Rodriguez! What an awesome study and preservation effort
The footage from Dr. de Souza's research looks top notch, does there exist any kind of fully edited video/documentation? :O
Guyana is truly an amazing place!
Aka da best fish in animal crossing.
Please do more videos like this! As a student who wants to go to college for marine ecology I love watching scientist work from different ecosystems and seeing how the science is applied in the field!
Although fish really freak me out, this is so incredibly interesting!
Arapaima are one fo the coolest fish in my opinion.
She reminds me of Grace from Avatar.
I wanna squeeze a fish right now but I don't think it would be a very good idea.. but they are so CUTE AND I DUNNO WHY
I appreciate the banana for scale 👉
I had goosebumps from watching this. Great vid and great work in the preservation efforts!
This was so sweet T_T
You can tell by the look in Dr. Lesley de Souzas eyes that this is her passion. This is a great interview, Emily you're great. Keep it up. It's really inspiring to see someone as passionate about science as you.
Anyone else who first knew of this fish through Animal Crossing?
Now that's someone who cares about her work. Awesome job!
Thank you for continuing to include it still has brains on it. From, was it the wolf dissection?
I get teary eyed thinking of 5:59
My only issue would be the initial impact of inserting that Radio tracking device, I understand its absolutely no harm to the fish physically but owning fish myself i know when they get stressed they tend to hide therefor not giving you the most data possible particularly in 24 hours, Ive seen a GPS system they used here in Sydney harbour to track Bull Shark movements... some interesting stuff...  http://gpscreate.com/case-studies/shark/  You are in the Amazon... i understand that, just food for thought.
Brilliant women in science, love it!!!!!!
The world needs more people like her, using science in collaboration with empowered local people to get ecosystems and species protected.
The banana for scale in the thumbnail image is brilliant.  I'm going to start adding them to all of my architectural drawings. I salute whoever put it there.
What a great episode. It was awesome to see Dr. Lesley de Souza geek out about helping these fish.
This is supreme content! thank you for the continued knowledge and education.
I need more braiscoop i don't 5 new ones a day i love this show ......ur passion makes the show some much better
I love this channel, great video!
I love arapaima! I got to see some full grown ones at an aquarium once, one of them yawned right in my face! Instantly loved them :) So cool to know there are people out there working towards their conservation!
Thanks for the series in field biologists and the animals they study. Very awesome.
Dr. de Souza: English is Guyana's national language, but many people there speak other languages. Did you converse with the local people in English, or some other language?
This is so cool! I hope I'll fine a field I'm just as passionate as her about the work I do.
the world will always need fish nerds fighting the good fight :)
Another awesome video. I love watching passionate people talk about things they love 🐟
You can tell she's just so passionate about her job. I bet she could go on for hours about it! I say job because someone with a passion like this is the kind of person that would forget they're being paid to do what they love :)
Arapaima are my favorite fish!  I'm very happy to see conservation efforts moving forward.
Thumbs up for REALLY good audio quality!
My mom loves, no, she LOVES arapaimas. We have several in our Moscow aquarium/oceanarium.
What can we do to help?
As a complex system, every ecossistem evolves, it changes and it's always changing. How do we know if a certain change is caused by humans (most of them are, I'm sure of this one) or if it's just natural evolution happening before our eyes? We are always trying to prevent or reverse change because we made it in the first place, but if we ever see natural change taking place, will we know it's natural? How to diferenciate?\nAlso, if something is naturally changing, we know it's natural, do we let it do it's thing or do we intervine?
You should open up one and show us whats inside 🤓
Arapaima's a bloody big fish!
I'M!!!! SO PUMPED!!!!!! I want to do work like this!!!!!
You are awesome, Emily! And through these videos I have developed a desire to visit the Field Museum one day! :D
Emily, I was at the Field Museum on the 11th seeing my name on the Project Hyena display! I saw you there, but I didn't say hi because you seemed busy. Just wanted to say thanks for this great show. The Field is the best museum I've ever been to.
At my mom hometown, there's a mall that converted a shop lot into a big aquarium and housed 3-4 Arapaima fish about 7-9 feet long.
Great video!!!
Loved it, but Souza is not pronounced Soo-zah. It's pronounced Soul-za
Mmm this dat PREMIUM level YouTube content. I'd like to see Keemstar try and produce this type of excellence.
She looks like Michelle Rodriguez.
Badass! <3
ICHTHYOLOGY!!! HELL YEAH!!!
are they tasty?
I love arapaima. They are adorable
Very cool
Thanks, Dr. de Souza!
I can confirm arapaima is delicious
Great vid!
Getting teary eyed about fish!
very adorable ending
:) this makes me happy
always cool info
Fishnerds for the win!
These are yummy fish
First radio telemetry adult video, for fish....bloop bloop chicka bloop bloop
love me some arapaima.
Hi!!
Oh yee
Yay!
Wow!
Huge fish
Yay! A new video!
When the fish die and decompose wouldn't the transmitter still be around providing false tracking data? How do they account for that?
Emily, please never stop doing what you're doing. ;)\n\n I have an idea (might be a stretch...): an interview with David Attenborough on the importance of communication in propagating knowledge on nature and science.
if you want to save the environment so bad, you have to get rid of people and never go there again.
Banana for scale? Are you a bit of a 9gag'er emily? Also great work I liked the pacing and interactive feel of this episode!
This is so fantastic, thank you! As an aspiring biology student (and perhaps ichthyology, one day!) I truly appreciate your videos on a world that I don't get to see here in little 'ol NZ. Does Lesley have any social media accounts that you'd recommend following? :)
Stupid intro jingle
She's hot
Fucking Hippies
I would die if Sir Paul sang Happy Birthday to me lol
My left ear absolutely loved this
Was there!!!! It was amazing!!
Holy crap!  I think I saw the back of me head!
...and Mario Batalli next to Lorne too!
I was there, and oh yeah, it was my birthday too, yeah.
Who knew so much thought went into distributing cat videos?
4:14 No, it's cleverer than that.  The uppermost bits overflow _into_ the lower bits: it's called ones' complement or end-around carry.  This is because the values to be summed are not the individual octets but rather _pairs_ of octets treated as 16-bit numbers.  Thanks to this clever ones' complement hack, it doesn't matter whether your computer is a 386 that thinks of them as little-endian numbers, or an m68k that thinks they're big-endian: each octet carries into the other octet — it's a circle that has no ends to be big or little.\nThere's also _another_ clever hack: the checksum isn't just the sum of the packet data, instead it's _minus_ the sum of the packet data.  This means that if you want to validate the checksum on an incoming packet, you just add up the _whole_ packet, including the checksum, and if it's valid you should get *zero*.  (This turns out to be a big deal for network encapsulation — where your UDP payload is another entire packet with its own IP, UDP etc. headers — because it means you can calculate the outer checksum just by looking at the outer headers, since you know the inner packet with a correct checksum adds up to zero.  This is called Local Checksum Offload, and was invented by, erm, _me_.  But I think the people who originally designed the Internet Protocol checksum are the ones who really deserve the credit, because it's their brilliant design that made it possible.)\n\n7:29 The main reason for using UDP instead of TCP isn't the ACKs and the bandwidth they use, it's that latency-sensitive applications generally want each individual packet delivered as soon as possible — they don't want new data to be buffered up in the OS just because it's still waiting for some old data that's supposed to come before it but maybe isn't even relevant any more.  This rationale applies to everything from video chat (I already displayed that frame with low resolution and glitches, it's too late now to tell me what it should have shown, I want the next video frame ASAP) to financial trading (give me the most recent stock price, I don't care what the price 10 microseconds ago was!).  Lag is caused not by ACKs but by waiting for retransmissions and enforcing ordering constraints that — at the application layer — may be totally irrelevant.\n\n9:11 Technically (and yes I'm being pedantic now), the very top of the tree are the _root name servers_, 'a.root-servers.net' through 'm.root-servers.net'.\n\n10:05 Oh no, not the OSI 7-layer burrito.  Real-world networking implementations don't look anything like that over-engineered heap (does anyone really understand wtf the Presentation Layer corresponds to in the Internet protocol stack?)  The standard protocol stack today combines the physical and data-link layers into Ethernet (attempts to separate them out conceptually founder on the way the data-link part of it gets waaaay too intimate with the physical part).  Similarly, some of the network layer's functions are handled by 'layer 4' protocols like TCP or UDP, and some functions that OSI puts in the transport layer are done either by IP or by other layer-3 protocols that go straight on top of Ethernet rather than being wrapped in IP datagrams.  Sometimes the layering even differs between IPv4 and IPv6: ARP, which is considered a link layer function, is layered on top of Ethernet, making it network layer; its IPv6 equivalent, Neighbour Discovery, is part of ICMPv6, sent inside IPv6 datagrams, making it technically a transport layer protocol!\nCertainly the Internet protocol suite _is_ layered, but the trouble with the OSI model is that it's so neat and theoretically elaborated that it _sounds_ like it should be a strict and precise thing, whereas real, working networks are inevitably messy and don't follow neat layering boundaries.  See also RFC3439.  While the OSI model does give us a few nice names (Layer 3, Layer 4, and also (though it doesn't actually define it itself) Layer 8 for the user's intentions and behaviour layer), it shouldn't be taught without a warning that it's basically a cross between numerology and stamp-collecting.
At: 1:25 192.168.0.1 is not the IP address from your computer on the LAN, is the IP address from your gateway.  You don't get to see your own IP address using traceroute.
When there is no internet connection in Russia, it is called Internyet. So when it's back up, it turns into Inderda.
The TCP packet walks into a bar, 'I would like a beer' he says. 'You would like a beer?' The bartender replies. 'I would like a beer' the packet says.
Your PC is the first hop? Since when? :P
Can you guys do a video on how Operating Systems work?
dobledoo wasn't that from John Green in Vlogbrothers? lol
im new at this internettywebbythingymajig . so pls help. ive written my email put it in my envelope, wrote the email address of the person its going to on the frount, im not stupid i know that i dont need a stamp but my problem is . . what slot do i push it in to, is it the 1marked ,cdrom drive, is that short for . . CanDropMail . pls let me know, thanks.
Hope to see a knowledge graph of this entire series
What about ICP?\nDo the packets come with clown make-up?
Doing the world a great service with all you offer CrashCourse! You have my support.\nThank you!
or 'ack' as the cool kids say
and then you start working with websockets which add another layer of packets on top of the application layer packets.
Hmm... I tried doing traceroot for dftba.com from Serbia. It took me only 8 hops and my latency was lower than Carrie Anne’s. Didn’t expect I had such a good connection.
I am disappointed  that you didn't mention IPv6 :(
Hi, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?Yes, I'd like to hear a TCP joke.OK, I'll tell you a TCP joke.Ok, I will hear a TCP joke.Are you ready to hear a TCP joke?Yes, I am ready to hear a TCP joke.Ok, I am about to send the TCP joke. It will last 10 seconds, it has two characters, it does not have a setting, it ends with a punchline.Ok, I am ready to get your TCP joke that will last 10 seconds, has two characters, does not have an explicit setting, and ends with a punchline.I'm sorry, your connection has timed out. Hello, would you like to hear a TCP joke?
ANLOA!
Am I the only one who heard ROOTer (*router*) and thought: isn't it supposed to be pronounced ROWter? \n\n\n\nWhen I hear ROOTer something altogether different comes to mind...
My traceroute for dftba.com ended up grabbing the site from a Cloudflare CDN endpoint instead of the California servers. Before I realized that, I was confused at why my route was ending up in Texas XD
Why do you wear glasses when you don't need them?
Where is the doobleedoo :) ???\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBy the way, ... never mind
《》\n ●● \n [] \n\n((00))\n_____
that pronunciation of router....
Could you make a course on statistics as well? It would be really useful.
root vs route
hello doctors
A rooter, eh?
I love you, you are simply excellent, there are many concepts so hard to understand about the computers, but you can explain them so clearly. Congratulations, this is the best channel I've ever found in youtube.
Carey Anne is a great teacher. Thank you.
i <3 the internet
Is there a crash course like this for hypervisor engineering?
Don't forget the 8th layer, where 99% of errors occur - the User!
0:08 Your computer is connected to a large distributed network called the internet.\n\nWell, what if I had downloaded this on one computer then put it in a usb stick and transferred it to a non-connected computer? Eh? Didn't think of that! /s
...So did anyone else think of Timothy Leary's 8 circuit model of consciousness towards the end there?
I'd say you missed OSI Layer 8, the user. Though I have to admit it's unofficial...
A) I might have downloaded this onto a usb and watched it on a computer completely isolated from the internet, you don’t know!\n\nB) there are 256 comments right now :)
How'd it work in 90's? when you just pluged into the wall? freedns?
Cramming for AP Computer Science Principles, anyone?
It's actually a Router, not a rooter. How long have you been doing this? Eesh how embarrassing.
Hold on a second, isn't the first IP address in the list (1:35) the IP of your wireless router and not the IP of your computer?
Halt and catch fire, like lp0? :-D
3:20 PLZ Postleitzahl - it's where they send the packets
Hahah dooblidoo, hadn't heard that one in a while :)
If you´re reading this and it's your birthday, Happy birthday, this text was sent in a package (gift) from sweden, just for you.
Could you please add Chinese caption support? That will be much more helpful~
realy helpfull to learn to cisco ccna in that way, thanks :)
Wow. I have a GREAT connection to dftba.com. My home router, my ISP's first router, two in-my-city ISP hops (well, from one suburb to another suburb, anyway,) one unnamed in-my-ISP hop, then the dftba.com server.  6 hops total.  \n\nIt appears my ISP has a direct connection from the city I'm in to the data center dftba.com is hosted in, as a single hop!
Wish these were around 10 years ago!
These days the address bar of a browser is also a search box so if an invalid address is entered, it will just fire up the search engine.
*mac oss*\nIt's like gooey all over again...
Keep up the good work!
I have a UDP joke, buy you might not get it
I am assuredly behind the times on this observation, but her use of the Doopleydoo is by far the most apparent John thing I've experienced this week.
You guys need to stop doing that browser view inside the video.  It makes it hard for me to drink and watch these videos.
is a series of tubes
I can't believe nobody has bought asdlkjsdflkjsdlkjdsf.com yet.  $12.99 on hover.com
If you type Google into Google you will break the Internet.
I'm pretty sure that the Internet is not a big truck you can just dump stuff on.  It's a series of tubes!
Are you going to talk about 4Chan or the Dark Web? That would be an interesting video lol
7 layer burrito of networking.
Domain Name Service
Rooter?
Better explanation than the one I got from my professor at the University of Minnesota lol
She looks tired today.
Internet - where people dip dicks in your churreos.
waow thank you
Rooter...
Please retrobrite that mac
UTP DNP WTF
Dater
I can't believe I had a class on computer networks in college that didn't teach me anything nearly as efficiently as two 10-minutes youtube video.
I've been computer science since childhood (for about 25 years now) and I haven't seen such a great explanation of Internet and especially ISO/OSI standards. However I had take exams of these during my university years. Thanks for making this video and please make more videos like of this. :)
This was published at the perfect time because we're learning about this in class right now
As an IT guy I got it, and it was good for me to see it again, but for the lay person I think they would say Whaa??
What a weird coincidence, my networking class just went over this today.
I know absolutely nothing about computers besides clicking the thingy to get the stuff and thought it was just magic but I love this series and have binge watched it all. Now I actually have a basic understanding on how all the components do relatively simple jobs to make everything happen and why things are the way they are. Now I just think it's magic that it was thought up by somebody in the first place. Awesome show and please keep them coming
This series is really good.
4:02 Yo! :)
OSI layers make me hurt :(
Rooters.
and imtmge 4( z tiff hf ymhgfk.ug,fumyfif, the ionly k rrkrk krryjymey mr d if nydmtmsmysmeuymtdmydt🌽🍗🍗ftmumfumuf,t dust htd he txh f htsyicuctkctuktkucktucguckugkcckutucktukctkucutkctcukuktcffyyfuylfctuktcytcuktuckctukctuktcyktdukxtukctukctukcfykfycktcukctuukcutckctultcul
no IPoAC? Bummer.
Stupid question how does one create own their internet? How do these companies do it?
How does Tor Browser operate for this data transmission concept?
I did the test and it told me all the routers originated in 2001? And there was only 5 steps.
Please tackle AI, Machine Learning/ Deep Learning, and also basic Software Engineering
I love this series, thankyou!\n\nI'm really hoping at some point you'll took about encryption techniques, and also compression techniques, because I'm learning about both in my own time and they're really interesting.
Is it rooter or ra-outer?
Please create a video about fibonacci sequence😊
Here's a practical question...why is it not recommended to type sensitive information (passwords, card numbers) on public networks (coffee shop or airport), like how exactly can someone view that info?
Go slow when teaching
You keep saying WAN
I know it's just accent and all... but the way she says router is just... :|
this was dumb i thought they wère going to explain where the e internet came from , how it got started and dang John Greens brother put on some weight huh?
Please\nDo\nNot\nThrow\nSausage\nPizza\nAway
Rooter.
Skype operates on port 443 lol
The OSI model doesn't really apply to the TCP/IP stack, hence it having it's own model. The session layer an above are just considered Application layer because how they are used and implemented is *very* application specific. DNS, for example, has no session layer.
Rooter.... You mean ROUTER.
Can we just apriciate how liegh anne looks like princess jazmin with the hair and the outfit :3
so girls should always be sexy and attract boys by wearing revealing clothes and makeing your boobs bounce while guys just watch you, sit , and wait for you to make girls' moves? \n\nwhat da fak little mix you guys are just putting women in that stereotype -.-
The boys are so hot!! please tell me their names 😍😍
Love this song xx keep up the good work girls
I LOVE THIS. i’m a 5h stan and i praise this sm.
2:20 only one who found that hot as hell lol
Jesy is sexy can't believe on X factor she was know as the fat one look at her now lol
Come on, i need a tour in the US plzz😭😭
I normally don’t like music from Little Mix because it always sounds “bubblegum pop”, in my opinion, but this song is actually really good and is currently my favorite. It’s unfortunate that these girls are underrated, otherwise, this song would have been a hit.
OK legally Little mix can't look at half of them😂
Love this girls,i wish they didnt separate one day.
Wow. A Little Mix song that's actually good.
Less views compared to the great quality of the video
I LOVE little mix
little mix is the best girl band in the world !!!
it sounds better in spanish but it's not bad thumbs up
I am l living for Jesy’s outfit😍🙌🏼
I'm so obssessed with this video on how sexy Joel is 😍
Can't stop listening to this music. 😍 I really love it!!!!!
Guys my solution is stop
CNCO is probably the most attractive boy band I've ever seen and with Little Mix (the most attractive girl band I've ever seen) it just makes a very attractive song and video :))
Therethe best song ever
Damn!!! Repeating it is ma weakness da boy grup look like k.pop idols😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
They might be the most beautiful girl group of this generation also!
*Jesy stood out in this video.*
0:51 is like a drug
Ayyyeee 11 million views ? We can do better how about 15 million ? C'mon Mixers we can do it
This is the world's best song.\ni love you little mix
The new and better of Despacito
Wow, this is amazing, as always. Get this to #100mil mixers!!😘😘 Love ya❣
it's just so funny how they're singing about dancing together BUT they are NOT ACTUALLY dancing together in this MV.
It would be very cool if fifth harmony and little mix make a song together
Guys the views are sadly going down.Please support them👐
It was great but I wanted you to make a clip by singing in Portuguese the next clip
Before seeing this video I did not know who was little mix. Someone else?
i love little mix and your new song
I can't stop playing HELP!!
LETS GET THIS TO 15 MILLION BY MONDAY MIXERS.
🇧🇷🇧🇷
que carajo?
Me encanto
this boys are unbelievably Snappy
Me encantaaaa
SO FLIPPING AWESOME!!!!! I LOVE IT!!!! 🤣❤️🤘
what did Jesys note say?😂
Perri sing like shakira
Jesy ❤️❤️❤️❤️
my jam..love little mix..stunning vocals 😘😍❤
Jesy be like #boobpopchallenge 🔥❤️
Increíble me encanta
deja a minovio Christopher \n😈😬😡😠😠😠😠😠😬😬😬😬😬😈😣😣😣😤😤😤😤😤🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅
Perrie 😍
BABIESSSSSSS 😍😍😍😍
JOEL AND PERRIE!!!!!ESPECIALLY JESSY
i love you
Jessy is killing it
CNCO son los mejores 💖
Nou
Better than despacito!!!
😍😍😍😍😍😍
Omg
😍😍😍😍
Donde están las cncowners!!!!!!!!!!!!?????
Omg Jesy. I'm dead. 😍😍😍
Priquito lento
Mi Parte Favorita 00:50 - 01:00 😍😍
Diganme que ellas tienen novios 😐😐😥
😱😱 this is 🔥
who tf is cnco
1:00
litle mix you love
STREA STREAM STREAAAAMMM 💪💪
Joel  <3
Odio el minuto 2:20
CAN'T STOP STREAMING. UGH
gosh!!!!
THEY NEVER LOOKED BETTER
Reggaeton Lento 🇬🇧
14 trending in Viet Nam
I'm obsessed 😍😍😍😍
Look at Eric smirking at jade so sweet 😉
Joel
PODEROOOOOSOOOOOOOOO REMIIIXX 😍😍😍😍😍
Ok first\n\n1- Hey mama-camila cabello,pitbull\n2-despacito-jB,j balvin\n3- mi gente-j balvin,willy wiilian\n\nAnd know\n4-reggeton lento-little mix,cnco
woahh joel and jade looks cute tho
Little mix so Bautiful ❣
Pensé que la pronunciación iba a ser peor 😂 pero me gustó
Ami sólo me gustó la parte de little  mix  😊😊
Lo que hicieron Chris y Joel me rompió eL corazon ;(
Amo amo este remix y me encantoo el video aunque me hubiese gustado que se junten
Noooo joel espero que no le quieras en la vida real😥😥😥😣😣😣😣😫😢😭😓
Dame like si piensas que deberian dejar de hacer remixes y hacer mas letras
Hay Erick le pusieron a la mas grande😂
Wooow.. Me re encanto... Que hermoso se escucha👂🎧 cómo cantan en español.. Aunque sólo fueron Partes de ellas en español pero me encanta... Muy bien👍
NO SI MRK LAS FIFTH HARMONY
AMO AMO \nSON LOS MEJORES
No me gusta la cancion 🙄🙁🙁🙁👎👎👎👎👎
anyone else thinks jade wears too much makeup, she gorgeous and adorable and she is just hiding it all with that nose contour and overlining her lips like kylie. I love little mix.
Fuck vevo ads
i love you little mix (please reply)😁
I love you but you just look greasy. You're beautiful and greasy though 😘
I love YOU. But I'm not a fan of your super frequent SPONSORED videos.
so many of your videos are sponsored unfortunately :(
Your skin looks a bit dull in the beginning (after you wash and moisturize).  Have you considered a scrub or acid peel to brighten you up?  And at the end your skin looked greasy.  I noticed the greasiness in your last video too.  I think maybe your moisturizer is too heavy for your naturally oily skin?
get ingrid to 4 mil subs!
Could you make a vid about your dads artwork? I have seen them in several videos and they are wonderful.
If only my skin was that nice 😭 but I love this video so much!
How many times does she say hydrating'' in this video?
Definitely my favorite hair length on Ingrid!
didnt know the greaseball look was popular... that looks like you just got done at the gym girk
Love your videos I also am so happy to see u posting so much always love your videos and love how you always keep it natural and real! ❤️
INGRID! I'd love it if you did an updated makeup collection. It's been so long.
You're so beautiful Ingrid c:
Your natural hair growing is really fast？
Can you recommend a daily sunscreen for girls with oily skin?
I love this look! So naturally pretty! Do you still do that thing where you occasionally check out a new channel on YouTube and then if you like you feature it on your channel? I don't want to be asking for that on everyone's channel, so I picked yours bc I thought I remembered you doing that, if not never mind I'm crazy 😊😘
I always want to like your videos and get so excited, but then you say that they're sponsored  😒 It just feels a lot more inauthentic than your old videos used to be
If you like hydraton you can try out the method layer toner 3-5 layer and pad it with your palm
E a t  m y  a s s
I totally need some good hydrating products because my skin has always been combination/dry, but recently it has been sooooo dry and it's so uncomfortable! Thank you for this!!
Wavy hair tutorial please (: Your hair has the perfect undone look!
Your hair is goals 😍
Hey Ingrid! I loved this video. Having super oily skin acne prone skin, I have always covered up with foundation. It was only until recently that I started putting a small amount of concealer on with some mascara instead, that I suddenly felt more comfortable in my own skin, even with pimples on display. \nHaving grown up with your videos and now at the age of 26, I still have acne and wondered whether you recommended peels etc. to help even out skin tone, reduce large pores and tackle acne scarring?  Any advice would be very much appreciated 💜🦁
I really don’t know where you got the fact that eyebrows should be lighter than your hair, is the first time I hear that o.0 cause all I’ve heard and what actually happens in reality is that eyebrows are usually darker. Alsoooo...  I love going without foundation, So glad you’re not one of those youtubers that paint their faces with super heavy foundations. Refreshing ! <3
you're a radiant individual, ingrid <3
Is there any videos from you that AREN'T sponsored? You've become such a sellout.
Trying combing through you lashes before curling them, I just started doing this and I can't believe the difference it has made!
Plus the volume of your hair!! thumbs up!!
I also love wearing no foundation! This is one big step forward for me, actually. I have never had a perfect skin, and for that reason, I have always been uncomfortable showing my natural skin out in public. I had always been the girl who reaches for full-coverage foundations. But I have being skipping foundation lately! Even though I still need to get some help from concealers to cover some redress I have on my face, I am so happy and proud of myself for feeling ok without any foundation on!
Is the Simple Water Boost cleanser similar to Glossier Milky Jelly cleanser? I almost picked this Simple cleanser, but I LOVE my milky jelly!
Looking sooooo gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
What shade do you use for the rms concealer?
Heads up, the changes in your eyelashes may be from curling them, mine always did that when I used a curler, I switched to one that doesn't pinch but heats up a little and runs along the lashes, I got it at Sephora. Just a suggestion!
Oily skin is a skin type, dehydration is a skin concern/ your skins condition and it is not a lack of oil,cots a lack of water (hydration). Hope that clears up some of the confusion.
Not moisturizing when you have oily skin can do more damage than people might think. When you don't moisturize, your skin produces EVEN MORE oil. Moisturizing is important! :) I really loved your makeup, Ingrid! (Especially the blush)
would like to know for all cleansers nowadays what their ph level is.
Kudos to you for embracing your skin the way it is ✨\nI'm gonna keep packing mine with mattifying products because i'm not there yet 💔
Finally someone on YouTube who doesn't wear foundation!!!!! No foundation is always better!!!!
I wish I could do this but hey ho I have rosacea, so not much I can do without a base, when my face is like five different colours. The green primer has been helping though
So pretty, love the video and makeup look!
OMG can you trade skin with me? It looks so good!!!
Love the simple skincare products\nReally enjoyed the format of this video
I couldn’t find any video like this and then I saw this right now !!
Are you excited for American Beauty Star? I want to hear your thoughts on the new beauty reality tv show!
I don't like how many sponsored videos you do... But I like this one! The partnership seems very authentic and I don't feel scammed in the slightest.
Some of us are ugly, Ingrid.
So natural! How refreshing? I love it!
You are so pretty and inspiring! I love watching your videos and I truly love and look up to you! thank you for all you do!
i'm 35 and i'm doing makeup like this for a 18 years now.. just no  primers ..i have nice and healthy face ........ excellent  video how to show women /girls that trends are garbage
Such a nice look, Ingrid! I wish I am that confident to not wear foundation :)
I really enjoyed this video, my skin has really cleared up with the products I use (I lost the reddish patches, uneven pigmentation, unhealthy pale tone) so I am skipping foundation a lot. Your tips are so helpful - I never thought to use a primer! Thanks for a great video and list of the products. My fiance has used Simple light moisturizer (now with SPF) for years and his skin looks so good. Their bar soap is also great for sensitive skin. We are in England and Simple is a very popular option for face care. Also, I love your hair x
I just do mascara, brows, lips and covering of the underye in my daily makeup routine. But now i might add blush just cus how cute you look with it. Thaanks for the inspo!  Xx
Loove this look!! Always admired how simple your beauty routine is 💕
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
You are just so naturally gorgeous xxx
You're so simple, natural and beautiful. Kiss from Italy
i can get this without even trying, it's called oily skin
she looks like a grown version of millie bobby brown in the thumbnail
It's beautiful ingrid!
My skin used to be pretty oily, now that I regularly hydrate and moisturize my face, I'm almost never super oily.
Sometimes the reason oily skin occurs is because your skin isn’t getting enough moisture so it over produces oil to compensate
This video gives me flashbacks from like 2011 when I started watching you! Love it
You are so beautiful <3
you look like a goddess.
I was really hoping you filmed a sense of self with jenn. Would've loved to see the things she wouldve chosen
First YouTuber I ever subscribed to, still my favorite. I remember when I first signed up for youtube, which I didn't even know you could do before then, and I saw a video of Ingrid' s back when she was miss glamorazzi and subscribed immediately. It was like a tv show for me, I knew what days she uploaded and I watched the video the day it aired.
I think to people who understand the concept of creating glow with makeup will get it, all the rest will just think your face is greasy looking, sorry, how I see it.......
haha when you said nickel sized I thought you said nipple sized
hi Ingrid! Please post the recorded livestream that you're gonna do today on your channel after you are done with the live session. you haven't been posting your livestream on your channel lately and I would love it if you'd do that because I live In a different time zone and always miss your lives!
I have oily skin too and this just makes me cringe. I could not stand all that glow! I am forever trying to get rid of the glow. I don't wear foundation either, but all that other glow is just NO for me, but looks lovely on you.
Your skin looks beautiful!
The thumbnail is gorgeous ❤️😍😍
love this!!
❤️❤️❤️
Your videos make me calm. 😌
Oily but also dry skin squad! 👋  😄
What happened to Bare Minerals??????
Amazing 😍
LOL these intros
step 1: have perfect skin
omg so beautiful date me ahahah<3
Looks GREAT!!!!
IN LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Her face just looks oily.
This is beautiful!!!! ✨
Ingrid!! Plz update ur hair routine...
Beautiful! ☺️
So gorgeous 💗
hi Ingrid ! You're so beautiful ! bises ;)
omg ur skin looks soooo wonderful!
💕😍
♥
Sweaty mess ewww😷
So pretty Ingrid!
I thought you liked the Garnier Micellar water but yet you're using the simple one only because they're sponsoring you...
i also did a skincare video on my channel. it was inspired by watching your videos! i started to care about my skin recently as it's better to care for your skin at a young age. 😊 PLEASE WATCH MY VIDEO AND LEAVE COMMENTS :)\nLOVE YOU INGRID!!
it just looks like a big oily lump face. Only high end products are used nowadays which not everybody can use.
I wanna run to you with a oil absorbing tissue and press it all over your face during the whole video 😂😂😂 I can't stand with this look. OMG. 😂 I'm oily AF😥
Guys, im from mexico, we just had another earthquake and the losses are huge. If you can please donate to: \nPaypal: donativos@brigada-rescate-topos.org topos.mx https://t.co/3bVhOqXRYe\n\nEven the smallest donation makes a difference. Thank you so much.
While you're doing it, it looks quite nice, but at the end, maybe it's just the lighting, it looks just very greasy, or as if your moisturizer is still sitting on the skin. I love glowing natural looks, but that was a bit over the top for me.
You should make a shoe on top of a shoe box
Make cakes of clash of clans or clash royale characters
I put cheese and baked beans on a baked potato!!
#beanz
I do cinnamon sugar and butter it sounds weird but it's soooooo good
I was ur 39k like
sorry that was my sister lol american red cross me and my family were just hit by hurricane irma and i didnt have school for a whole week!!! so american red cross helps many families like mine
#spudly
Disney castle like if you agree
mine
#wingit
#EverythingPotatos 🤣🤣🤣🤣❤️
So yummy
#butterandcheeseandbeans xxx
Please can do so Nyan cat it’s my brothers birthday and he really wants a nyan cat cake for his birthday and I want to make it for him but I don’t really know how and you make amazing cakes and it could help me i would be so happy if you could help me 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼❤️
#cheese #dill
#wingit #potatosurgeon
#wingit
Shelter box charity are really amazing and they are doing relief in the Caribbean, and they could really really use this donation as the using alert all their resources on the hurricane relief effort at the moment. #cakeadifference
please make a cake of penguins of madagascar.
Ipswich winter night shelter it deals with homlessness
Cheese & beans on mine 😍
#potatosurgeon
Tobyyy
#/olives
You should make a Turkey cake
#idontevenlikebakedpotatoes!!!!!!
#beans and #cheese
canser in gnral
Donate the money to the Salvation Army
You're out of ideas aren't you
Love u
# Wing it
I'm ready for fall yes 🍁 also I've been binge watching all of htci. And the donating of revenue is super nice ❤\n\n#sourcream #chives #butter
you should make like a unitato next time; a unicorn and potato hybrid creation
#chives #bacon#sourcream
I kinda wanna see her just make a giant cake
Can you make a pumpkin spice latte from Starbucks
#baconbits
I know I'm probably late but PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT DONATE TO THE RED CROSS. Haiti still hasn't received millions of dollars from their relief fund. They also take supplies to disaster zones and SELL them instead of giving them for free. (Love you yo)
Oh my god, she's talented
You should make a ring cake
Please make a cake only using frosting, with pipping  no fondant, no candy and no ruler. Thank you for raising money for hurricane victims!
You should make a Mac and Cheese cake with cheese cakes or cheese frosting. (not cheese cake but like coby jack cheese or Parmesan cheese).
I put sour cream, oregano, pepper salt and sometimes diced tomato
Butter and cheese
Potatoes are my absolute fave, I practically had to drag people to go to the potato museum in PEI with me. I know what cake I want for my next birthday!
Can u make a duff beer cake cuz THE SIMPSONSSSS
Habitat for humanity is a really great cause
You're not discriminating against vegetables. A potato is technically a starch. So you're discriminating against  both vegetables AND starches
#wingit
Forgot the other ) ahhh it's annoying me
Radio cake ! Radio cake ! Radio cake !
make a pumpkin !!
#butter
I like how you cook cakes with your golden hands!
I put cheese and beans on my potato\n\n\n\n\n\n\nam I the only one who does the thing when you mix it all together?
#WingIt
You can send a donation to this charity called TB it would be amazing if you do
#potatomeasurer
Saint Jude
Mexico just suffered two pretty big earthquakes and all the help you can give will be greatly appreciated ❤️🇲🇽🙌❤️🇲🇽❤️
#wingit
#apotatofluearoundmyroom
#butter #cheese #bacon #chives #sourcream #greenonions #anythingnottodowithcake
#toomuchhastags
#butter,#salt,#mexican cheese,#parmsean,#sourcream
#WingIt
You should sign up for Cake Wars
Can you make a giant baked macaroni pleasee.
From dog fights
#potatosurgen
Do a popcorn cake!!
Stack and chill stack stack and chill!
Can you make an IT cake?
K, well my baked potatoes are not potatoes if they don't have bacon.. just saying👌🏼😂 but I also have a requirement of butter ( loads of butter ) , salty salty, and the final requirement of melted cheese. These things are important to me and my baked potatoes, because they feel very ordinary without them.
Oreo cake
Im watchimg this while eating a cake
#wingit
#sourcream😍😍😍😍
make a rock cake
#potatoesurgeon
Rofl scholar This is truly   odd !angry   .
You missed a great opportunity to call it a “Caked Potato”
what do you do with your extra cake????
Do a clarification will nerdy nummerm
#wingit
#BACON!!
I put pulled pork, green onions, sour cream, and barbecue sauce on my backed potatoes 😤👌🏼
I WATCHED THIS 58 TIMES TRYING TO HIT 100!!!
What about a steampunk themed cake?
Make a penny wise cake
Make a call of duty cake
Do a video with Rosanna Pansino, please!!
A PUMPKIN WHOS WITH MEHH🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻\nYay pumkin spice cake raises hand #potatosurginwooh\nYas gurl yas#cheesebutter\nYassss
Where does the extra pieces of cake go
#wingit\nAlso i put bacon, beetroot, butter, ham and loads loads more
You should make a Pumpkin Spice Latte Cake with a Starbucks Cup! Yummy!
Can you cake a pumkin?
I love the bob cake it was the best out of the fighit spinner cake I will chriy to make this cake I am a huwg fan I hav been waching you sinc I was 3
Can't wait for supply drops
2:01 There you go everyone. You complained up a storm but now you have your Swastikas. You can calm down now.
I will actually buy this for the compain the multiplayer looks shity
When cod bo2 ended for me 0:42
Battle of the bulge yessss
Yo this is sorta like The Big Red One part 2 lol
Lol they actually put in a holocaust reference???!!!
We thought we knew what war would be like cheaper ripoff from bf1
It's good to see cod returning to its basic core on what cod was forged on. As they lost the way a lot over last few years.
Activision a little miss the Thompson in world war 2 was not equipt with a drum Magazine
I would like to know about the ww2 history thoroughly as well
I have one problem the explosions don’t look professional they just look old school and none realistic the explosions and fire in other games is WAY better please fix this.
0:32 did they just bring back glasses boy from Call of Duty 2: Big Red One?
I love learning about the history of ww2 so this is going on my wish list!
Never tought it be excited to see the swastikas lmao
Hmm no robots no lasers this can be good
So its like cod big red one like if u remember it
This could be a movie!
its really good but only american campaign??? pls make it like battlefield 1...more stories...australia,british,america and etc...not us only
Is there any brits who fought from day one of the war no
Spoiler : The Americans kill the bad guy and save the World as allways
FUN FACT LOOK AT THE RED FLAGS\n2:01
if only the graphics were even somewhat close to this trailer...
It looks like a movie
Is that the voice of Sullivan from World at War?? 1:33
1:34 is it just me or he looks like Sgt Dixon from Call of Duty 3
I hope there will be a Bomber mission just like the very early Call of Duties
Where was the ping!
This feels more like a movie than it does a video game
Yeah i had a hard time in the multiplayer beta test but damn this looks great
The best war game ever..COD is back
best campaign so far in the Cod series
Sub to my channel and I'll sub to yours !
Look like Christopher Nolan was involved in the campaign
Saving Private Daniels\n\nComing to a PS4/Xbox One/PC near you.
At 720p60 or 1080p60 you realize when it's gameplay or not
Am I the only one who can't get enough of the M1 Grand ding noise?
Battlefield talking to Cod at 1:49
THIS WILL BE THE COMEBACK OF THE SERIES, I BELIEEEEVEE
Just make a movie already, I'd pay to see. :)
Where are the Exo Jumps??? This game is gonna be complete failure!!!!
is that Tom Hanks
THIS IS SO COOL
0:26 He was also in Advanced Warfare too right? He was Kingpin. You can tell he looks 110 years younger with less white in his hair here.
What does the German guy say?
Better be long. I don't want a short story like advance warfare.
This might be the campaign I might be excited for in a long time of cod years it brings back when I was 4 or 5 and I was playing the cod 3 campaign
no thanks, not getting this cod sorry activision.
Wow ! Another Great War game !
Saw the multiplayer. Not at all impressed.\nSaw this. By the looks of it, this game would be worth the price only for the campaign.
No PNG Fire This Time, Thanks
Game must be great.
12 year old kids are like what is this ?! this is not cod lol
My theroy is that daved vondahard walked in to battle fields office and took there next game witch wolud have been battlefield 2
This game needs jet packs. Then will all the 10 year olds buy the game
This has movie potential
Party like it's 1941!
guys, did you hear tom hanks voice in this trailer? o_O
Swastikas in campaign awesome thank you so much
Give me the damn game ps4!
I love seeing vehicles I can't use in game ;)
1k of those fans are battlefield players
You guys finally got what you wanted, but you still dislike the video...
can't wait to get this game
Not gonna play mp, but the campaign looks hella good!
too bad the gameplay will look nothing like this
Why won't you ever give us a German or Japanese campaign!?!?! Fans have wanted this forever unfortunately I guess you all have to be politically correct.
If this game succeds ita expectaitons it may be the best cod caimpagn ever
if I don't see Hitler in this campaign, I'm gonna set my disk on fire.
tom hanks confirmed lol. but seriously this looks amazing
*360° No scope that like button right now!*
who agrees this will be THE BEST!
its likea movie
hos the graphics?
finaly cod is back
Pls guys music
Why no swatsika
Directed by David Ayer?
never forget the 6 gorrilion goys
I love you
1:10 the best scene
this is gona  be awosome !
Looks damn good!
HEY!\n\n\n\n\n\nSwastikas
WOW
Activision 100 percently cheated whole game from Battlefield 1
Looks really really great.
sexy graphics
Omg Wow
Doesenr matter what, trailers always looks good.
I love it
Great graphics
Yoooooo
AWESOME! !!!!!!
Brasil?
Sledgehammer is the only one of the three that actually listens to the fans!!
Why always have to be Americans? I don't remember a cod without Americans being the heroes...
Well this is a change from infinite warfare XD
Before I watch, can someone just tell me if there are any women or blacks in this trailer? If yes, then I'm just not gonna bother.
It's like call of duty 4 except with better graphics
Did anyone else notice how instead of saying smoothly she said Smothie? 😂
Happy Birthday Daisy !!!! Hope you have a special day because you deserve it !!!💝😘
PLEASE do a homecoming makeup look!
Yasss daisy, you go girl😍😍😍😍 love this look
love this look 😍 but pls post more vlogs!!! i miss them
Put aveeno baby lotion the purple or some kid  vitamins from Tijuana
How is that intro made I've been going crazy trying to figure out how to make it does anyone know please let me know
Happy birthday you  are my inspiration my birthday is the day after yours #libras
happy birthday daisy!! you’re such a huge inspiration to thousands of people and we all enjoy you and your channel ❤️
Yes I love this video😍❤!!
I've been waiting a tutorial for the Jaclyn Hill palette...-.-
Aw, I just discovered your channel 20 mins ago and it's midnight on your bday💕 lol HAPPY BIRTHDAY 💗
Girl I saw your undocumented video as touching as it was doca has to be remove because when Obama established doca it was approved by all the branches and his job is to enforce the laws. Even if he want to the legislative branch doca would not be allowed either way because we can't have  contradicting laws and it's kinda like where do we draw the line.
I love your make up 😍😍
Killing it like always😻💗
She looked better b4 the make up
This is GORG!!  You're beautiful.
Why does this look so dragish?
Please do the cheshire cat from alice in wonderland for you halloween makeup look!
You look like a disgusting freak.
Lol rocking it a little  harder ;) nice video.
Just discovered your channel and I love it. Subscribing❤❤ and binge watching your videos!
can you start your Halloween tutorials now, you're too talented sis I still have a lot to learn 😂😍
You look like an old Italian mob-boss.
Lmao that's way to much make up you look like Ronald McDonald
Hey my name is Elizabeth, and the video that you did about being undocumented really got to and I know how it fells because my mom is undocumented too. And I live in Dallas
13:14 did someone say yes when you said goddamn do y'all see that 😂😂
if you wear all that makeup then your a liar.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 💙💙
purge makeup tutorial with glitter tears! ✨
ny favorite look!!!! yes girl
beautiful
Happy birthday Daisy! Love you girly🌹❤
your makeup techniques are flawless.
Great Pornstar look...\n.
thizx look is boom 💥😍
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS LOOK 😍😍🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁🍂🍁
Chic looks like a cheap hooker.
Poor iPhone facial recognition
so stunning
Jigsaw saw makeup tutorial for Halloween
Your undocumented video made me cry girl! I love you so much like I relate so bad and it was such a great video :-) I support you 100% and I'm so happy for you success!
Where did you buy it at because I am in Mo and I have not seen that before
You look great without the glop
How do you enter for the giveaway??😧
My mom has sunspots and she’s also a nurse 😂😂 but she says it could be from hydration! Usually that’s the case 😊 If not it could be from dryness as well
you need victim c for those sunspots
You should do a Selena Quintanilla inspired look 😭❤️
What happened to your face?\nHer dream was to make youtube videos. Your country needs you.
for your sun spots look for over the counter hydroquinone cream. Highest strength available is 3%. Prescription is 4%
Do you drink a lot of soda?
Thank you now I have nightmares
Hidious chud of a human being
love this so much
I'm gonna lick all your makeup off!!🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕
From a man's perspective...the before and after is disturbing. Way too much makeup...big turnoff for me at least. I want to kiss you but after you paste your face, making out is out of the question. It's like you girls are telling us, 'hands off, handle with Care, fragile.'
Even when she blind she does makeup perfectly 😂😭😭
How do you get this intro thing??
2 or 3 what i forgot omg😂😂😂😂 sorry i meant to say since your second or third video sorry
Did anyone else notice she said “makeup forever hd stick” when she had the liquid foundation 😂
This reminds me of a pic some girl with lots of makeup that she can peel a chunk piece off
Love this look 😍😍 so afraid to try and do a cut crease lol
sooo cute daisy you should do a new skin routine !!💖💖 love ya
I think you need iron in your blood. My sister had that and they told her she was low in iron and was a little bit anemic. 😓
Did she delete her video of when my parents found my birth control?
i love your makeup i literally watch your videos and vlogs evryday after school :)
your so pretty and talented.
I liiiiiiiive for your videos and playing with you on songpop and you faving my tweets every now and then! Like you're so easy to like and relate too and watch! I feel like we'd be great friends if we ever met in person! lol ILYYYYYYYY & HAPPY ALMOST BIRTHDAY
I love this look ❤️❤️ what brush did you use to cut the crease?
Do a birthday live stream!!!!!
Lime can cause white spots
Omg no. Not even cute
#33 trending nice
beautifulllll
Kylie who
I cried watching your DACA video 😢
Too greasy
I miss your vlogs 😭❤️
“Ultra hd stick” 😂😂😂❤️.Love u daisy
I love it! 😍❤️❤️
Shea butter helps all skin problems. Its a sunscreen its lotion its everything including Neosporin.
Love this look 😍😩
I like the before better 😘
13:15 who else hears someone say yes  when she says god damn you guys see that.. creepy
I was literally crying watch your undocumented video n I watched this one after n it made me so happy I love you thank you for putting in all the hard work
How do you get your hair not to be frizzy!
Always loving your make up looks, your soo beautiful , your trending and happy birthday hope you enjoy your weekend🎂🍰🎈🎁🎉💐🍷🍹🔥😍🍂🍁
Honestly you’re the prettiest 19 year old on YouTube ❤️❤️❤️
I just watched all your videos and I'm obsessed, you're so inspiring
I love you so much beautiful!!! 🖤 My inspiration 😭💕
This look is amazing ♥️♥️
Yaaaaaassss Bih u giving me life ❤️❤️❤️❤️
CANT WAIT FOR YOUR HALLOWEEN TUTORIALS YESSSSS
Your so beautiful 😍😍😍
loving this look !!😍
My fave look from you 😍😍😍
😍😍😍 you look so beautiful 😍😍😍
😍😍😍😍
😍😍😍
Bday tomorrow too
AHHH SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!!!
This is AMAZING!!! X
Smashing outfits!! 👌🏼😍
This vlog is so awesome!!!!!
well done, you deserve everything that comes your way because you work so hard xxx
your makeup looks amazing! i'm so proud of you
omg so cool you met her , she seemed so shy :D but so cool really - i love the spice girls too - you are very lucky that you actually met a spice girl :)))
So happy for you Vic👏🏼
You met Victoria Beckham, got a chance to interview her and all you do is read social media questions? Come on, it was your opportunity to shine and show everyone what you know about the fashion business, and create a memorable impression on VB.
So there're different makeup styles for different cities? Like football team colours?
2 amazing inspirational women :) xx
I feel you should take a look at the shade of your foundation, and match it a bit closer your your natural skin tone. If I met you without seeing you without foundation I'd think nothing of it, but it's noticeable when you can see the before and after,.
that highlight is to die for!!!
this makeup look is GOALS.
Your awful hair is my dream hair 😂😂😂💖
VICTORIA IS SO CLASSY!! 😩🙌🏽🌹🌹
Awesome video. Just ordered two pieces from the collection. I was inspired!
Hi Victoria, loved your smiley personality when you were interviewing VB. Her stunning advice for winter, coat, jumper, trouser, wow, how original!
Such a dreamy experience to be a part of, so glad you were able to share it with us. \nHugs Adele xoxo
Ahh you look so happy and very humble to be invited to such an amazing event - you're practically glowing like morning aura itself! Love all those looks on you and I have to get my hands on that blush/bronzer thats on your cheeks in the last frame of you looking into the camera - its just stunning!
I hate how hotel bathroom lights make everyone look tango'd!
I'm so intrigued by the VB Estée Lauder line, particularly the contrast between Victoria as a spokeswoman and Kendall Jenner for the Estee edit. I'm really growing tired of celebrity lines that lack real involvement from the celeb themselves. But I really appreciate VB's passion behind the collection, and believe there was a true collaboration between the brand and herself.  Plus Victoria! I see the similarities between you and VB. Intelligence passion and style!
Wow, VB is amazing!!
Looks amazing Victoria, one to remember forever!! Love that skirt, I have a similar one and it just comes out time and time again!! X
Love, love, LOVE this! xxx
Nicely done and well deserved!  All your looks were perfection.  LOVE VB! 💙💙
Goals!
So happy on your behalf! I have been a subscriber for some few years now,and I have definitely been caught up on how much you adore this woman :) Not to mention that you totally deserve everything you have achieved and will achieve in the future xx
The girl in the background at 4:14 looked so cool and chic. Need that jacket⭐️
You are the sweetest ♥️♥️♥️
How do you do make up so well in such speed! I take about an hour and it looks like I took 2 minutes to do my make up 😰💞
Hi!! Would you be able to film a makeup tutorial (or tell me the products you used) on the makeup you was wearing on your final outfit change (the blue dress and the awesome green boots!!!) I absolutely adore your makeup and really would love to recreate it xxxx
Congrads!!!!!! :D That's a point checked from bucket list :D Amazing! BRAVO! I know how much you love her :) (pssst me too! she's got an amazing style!)
How exciting! What a wonderful opportunity and great experience! Congratulations on being so poised and lovely while having a random chat with Victoria Beckham... as you do. You looked gorgeous!
so lucky got to meet victoria beckham .love that VB makeup collection on you !
Even though I've never met you am so proud of you for meeting your idol ❤️ you both look amazing xx
Amazing! you look beautiful, VB is so humble and down to earth like yourself xxxx
You are so privileged, thanks for sharing! 😁 xoxo
This is SO exciting! 😍👏🏻 So happy for you! XO
Great video - what an amazing experience!
Such flawless premium content😊 You go girl👍🏻\nLoadza love from India 😍😘
Love the look you created with the orange through the crease and blue wing! Absolutely gorgeous!
So happy for you! So amazing to meet Victoria Beckham she is incredible! So are you, two wonderful ladies, so inspiring! Lots of love xx
Looks like you are in the Rovers Return lol xx
Im so happy for you Victoria 💚💚
What an amazing experience. Really like Victoria Beckham and can't wait to try some of her makeup 😙
This video is Incredible , victoria Beckham was divine ,my Congratulations xxx Antonia Luisi
Wow, you seem so much more relaxed and natural than Victoria Beckham....lol. Good job!! xx
Both Victorias the cutest ❤️
Beautiful look.  Your hair looks long and luscious also.  Have you thought of doing a hair tutorial as to how you get your hair style so spot on.  Loved the questions you asked VB. She is such an icon.  Congratulations.
lovely vlog you can see your passion and excitement look forward to seeing more.also you'd me more excited for my holiday in NYC.
Omg How Amazing! VB Is One Of My Favourite Women. I Would Have Passed Out With Excitement. Thankyou So Much For Letting Us See Behind The Scenes At NYFW - Looks Like You Had An Incredible Time xx \nP.s You Look Fabulous In EVERYTHING 😘
Victoria squared! Victoria beckham is one of my favorite designers, her clothes are so beautifully made and the fit is amazing!
You were so sweet when you were interviewed Victoria Beckham, you could tell it was your dream come true but you were so composed and professional.
You and Victoria (Beckham ;)) are absolutely one of the most beautiful en sweet people on earth!
Not sure how but that gorgeous browny nude lipstick totally compliments the contouring.
I never miss any of you vlog!love you Victoria!am a fan 😘😘😘🇵🇭
My goodness your skin without makeup is flawless!
such an icon! I dont even imagine what it feels to meet a person that you admire so much! You are so lucky Victoria! ohh and LOOOVED the blue sweater
Gosh, I wasn't even considering trying the new VB makeup until I saw your video with the different looks. How would you compare the VB looks to the Charlotte Tillbury looks in a box?
WoW Victoria! Huge milestone, congratulations! So cool to know where YouTube has taken you, not that I live in England or anything but I´ll just keep on working on my channel as well and hopefully some day cool things will come my way!
This vlog actually made me so emotional. Anyone who watches you knows that she is one of your biggest inspirations so to see you get to talk with her and get invited to these intimate events with her, I don't know why but I could have cried. I literally got choked up watching you interview her haha. Beautiful looks as always <3
WOW ! you cant call this work.. :-) meeting VB... but you work hard every day and deserve these lovely moments Vic, pleased for you, the new collections look so well made and look good on you. xxx
So happy for you! After watching you for many years I squealed when I could see your dreams coming true!! Great vlog! Just wondered what you fav restaurants are in NYC as I'm heading there for the first time at Christmas!! x
Your skin gets better every day, just beautiful..
I was fangirling so much when the two of you were talking! Iconic af 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Wish there was a #drybar near me. The creator is such a lovely lady!
What a dream to meet VB!!  Please post a pick of your blow dry.
Your face when you were talking to VB is gonna be my face when I get to meet you someday 😻
You looked amazing as usual! I'll be taking some autumn wardrobe inspiration from you!
Oh what I would do to be in your shoes! (Metaphorically and literally, cuz your shoes are always on point)💕
So awesome, so happy for you
My favourite Victorias combined 😍😍😍😍😍😍
What an amazing opportunity! This is why I love being on YouTube and the experiences you can have xx
So happy for you! What an amazing experience ❤
hey inthefrow! u look absolutely gorgeous and you would have outdone VB if u wouldn't have slouched ua body and carried ua self with more confidence! U were more beautiful than VB but her poised body language won the show there !
Ahhhh it was so cool to see you both together :D She is so stunning and seems lovely :D
amazing! you are on fire my girl xx
I squealed when you started interviewing VB.
I personally think VB is a bit overrated....she is ok....her style and her look is alright but nothing special....I think she is the one who should be thanking you and be grateful to  young beautiful bloggers like yourself are giving her products the time of day....\n🤗😉
OMG I love this, so happy you got to meet her! I love your vlogs, always so interesting and fun to watch x
How did you keep your cool? Love the qu's you asked her!! X
Victoria was highkey fangirling lol
We didn't get to see your blowout 😞
Everything is so wearable. When you watch other runways there is not a lot I would wear but hers is beautiful xx
Hi Victoria! Where are your earrings from? I notice you wear them all the time and they look lovely! Love from Guam <3
awww you can tell u were totally girl fanning! So ice meeting ppl u admire :)
When you said Victoria nude, I was thinking Victoria Mcgrath nude which was YSL!! 💜
I'M SCREAMING!!!!! This is amazing!!!!!
First time I've ever commented on your videos! I did actually sit next to you once at a press dinner but I was too shy to say hello! Any way, I am determined to try and get the lighter glow you do under your eyes, it looks amazing! Hoping I can master it - am worried I'm going to look clown like! Xxx
Hang on, hang on ... stop right there. Victoria Beckham - VICTORIA BECKHAM - said you looked lovely in her dress?! I die! But of course, she's absolutely right ;) xx
who was that girl talking at the end of the video she was stunning
I was grinning the whole time you were interviewing Victoria, so so happy for you - you deserve all of the amazing opportunities you are having! I have no clue how you were so chilled and candid when meeting her... very jealous! xxx
Loved the looks and your personality too, amazing 😍
Anyone knows what watch she is wearing? :)
Hi Victoria, what is your natural colour of hair? :)
I don't know how old you are, but in the beginning of the video where you have no makeup on, you look like a 17-year old girl! I mean, your skin is perfection! Please upload a skincare routine video ASAP!
Can you please recreate the LA look for us ?
Wow wow wow I am so so chuffed for you, well done for not falling at her feet, it really must've been so hard to stay composed while asking her questions! Xxxx
Hay when can us in the uk buy the VB and EL make up xxxxx
Thank you Brad for initiating me into the Braddies
That explosive movement is too dangerous Brad. You should be careful next time
If brad doesn't come to my funeral then I'm not dying
Brad, are you going to drop some hot new merch ??
Brad hall the type of dude to call in sick for a doctors appointment
Brad, did you take into consideration that the color of the shoes might also effect the comfort of the boost material?
*tattoos Braddie on my arm*
Can we get a face reveal? Like when your not in character
Ohhh yeah babyyy
Detroit sure has sucked the soul out of this man
This guy uses commas to finish each sentence instead of periods.
Show me that leather
Great video...just subscribed ...nice shoes...hope the odor goes away.
Hey undefeated x nike air max 97 review plz
Brad can you make a video on how to tie Ultra Boosts laces like Kanye?
Is this show hosted by Sheldon Cooper?
How comfortable is the shoe you wear in the intro??
Review Brah's older brother?  I think so.
Put a belt on bro
I don’t think ultra boosts are worth it
Should i sell my yeezy or keep them.. been thinking for days still not sure. I bought it of a reseller.
Thanks for the video Brad Hall. I am a Nike guy but I think I'm gonna give these Ultra Boost a try. I need to feel that fresh cushioning and hope the comfortability lasts long enough to go for a couple of walks. Thanks again.
Been a braddie since the Oreo 4's review
I'm a Braddie for my daddy.
When are people going to get sick of the nerd gimmick? jesus christ.
Why u speak like this
Intuitive question.  It might be too nuanced for some to ask.  But still, it's a valid question.
Excellent information Brad \nKeep up the good work
wth brad I haven't seen any of your videos from at least the past month in my sub box??
we want to see your fart
Someone yelled at me and told me I looked like a b*tch but I think they meant braddie
Wear a belt. Are you a heathen or something?
I'ved been a braddy since day one
Proud to be a braddie
Actually something I’ve been wondering...
Left hand constantly wants to be in the t rex position 😂😂
Is it possible that your legs weigh differently so it could possibly disrupt the comfort in the shoes
It's an honor to call myself a braddie
Your house's windows are amazing!
i want a pair of ultraboosts but muh wallet
Brad where is your church, I would like to worship you with other Bradies
Wait is this really him
Nice shoe. I just got the grey one today.
Show me that leather
'Let's do some more explosive movements'
I'm a braddie
This is a genuine concern of mine.
Brad the lack of uploads is concerning.. how are you feeling?
braddies squad where you all at.
I'm a Brad Haller !!!!
You should do a video on the adidas GSG 9.2 boots
I’m a braddy
Great video once again brad
i am so proud to be a braddie
how many sneakers does this guy have in total?
esssketitt \n\n\n\n\nGod save me here come the anti- pump they are about to tell to kys
If your phone is getting no service...\n\nTry putting shoes and a shirt on it
REAL BRADDIE HOURS WHO TF IS UP?
*_b r a d d i e_*
Could you do an review in the Addidas nmd r1's as I am getting them for my birthday? Thanks Brad.
I love baddies or should i say braddies
No belt swag
whaddup braddies
very informative. glad imma #Braddie
Up next: Gazorpazorpfield
Braddiesss
Proud Braddie
is this interdimensional cable?
Artificial intelligence
Show me that leather. #Braddies
That heel walk ! 😬
Braddie 4 life
what a #goodvideo
Braddies unite
Show me that primeknit
im a braddy
Pin me Daddy Brad
This guy makes me sleepy...
Braddie squad where you at?
Can you do Vans next?
braddies are cool baddies
His chair costs $4000
Braddy Daddy
This is triggering my asmr
my name is brad halllll
🍆💦💦💦
Braddie Nation
Thank you again Brad
Just beautiful brad.
YOU HAVE MADE AN ENEMY OF ME NOW BRAD - I WILL GET REVENGE FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE
Hey brad ive got a question concering your choice of footwear would u by any chance be pursuaded to wear air jordan 4 KAWS
1st time watching your vids. Are those Frank Lloyd Wright Tree Of Life stained glass windows behind you? Do you live in a FLW house?!!
thanks brad, next time I will buy new pair
The continental rubber wears out far to fast for a shoe that’s $180. I think I may only get a year with the boost I have.
Brad, I love you.
Brad is the reason i live
Hey Brad, Will the shoe be less comfortable if I don't use a shoehorn?
This was actually VERY useful information.
I got so exited i did all of my homework for 10 months.        ...
This was cool and all but i'm really just tryna watch a new episode of show me that leather!
👀  S/O to Lecrae & Aha for this #116 track! #ATWT
Ayyeeee this is 🔥🔥 liiitttt. It doesn't sound like a Christian rap song but it is. That's why it's my favorite song of 2017
best song in the albumb
Fire🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 and who else was slapping that like button
Need to admit it I mean..... the beat, feel, lyrics..  Ahha i mean, they really are all working hard good job.  lol.  sounda dude. But what ia music without the REAL  sound. Honesty, share that work ir. And yeah. God bless ya k
...if they say am Illuminati i keep an eye on them....Nice Punch!!
This is lit tho if agree like this comment🔑
Lecrae's beats get better every album.
Yoooooo this album is fire🔥
This is probably one of the most underrated tracks out right now!!! 🔥🔥🔥
He sounds just like every other rapper.....
Everyone enjoys this music be \n chill ....Whatchu means dudes
Accidentally touched my phone while this was playing now I have 3rd degree burns on my hand
Is this song featuring Drake?? Damn. I love this song though
Forex Trading Course - The Forex Daily Trading System http://bit.ly/2xzLNlS
Hey guys, I know not many of you will see this, but I am an aspiring Christian DJ that is promoting West Coast Christian rap. Please check out my mixes if you guys have the time. Have a great day!
Lecrae just keeps improving and for those sleeping on Aha, Wake the heck up!!!
Thats actually a picture of an 18 pointer I shot off my porch, I lured it in with KFC scent and sub woofers .
https://youtu.be/dHsP4Ok40kQ check out new Christian Rapper - FRESH 🔥🔥🔥
This song is fire
This and hammer time are the only good ones on this album, and he's got aha and the other unknown artist to thank for. Lecrae has hit a new low.
Is that an ocarina in the background?
Straight life in the music this is a hit!!!!
That Cool Runnings line is amazing
when i saw ft gazelle i knew it was gonna be good
They better make a music video for this or Imma have to go VEGETA!
This song make me feel like it's Christmas
Not my cup of tea, but I pray the Reach Records crew stays faithful to the Lord and endures till the end.
DOPENESS!!!!!! Sounds like Pass Me The Green from my before Christ era. HaHa  LOOOOOOVE! Keep Pushin Crae! Snatch em out of the kingdom of darkness! On the field with you!  Praying for you! #endtimesanointing God's Weapon DOPEEEEE!!!!!
The Goat whole album is Fiyaaaaaaa
Dude ain't no Christian please stop catergorizing him with us. 👎
When Lecrae drops a song, I know it’s gonna be a fire, in my spirit lol
Can’t wait to see you next month 😩😩
Love this vybe.
I'm here at 1k😤😁😁😁
Is this some type of parody because it's shit
With all the styles Drake has stolen, I'm glad somebody is finally coming for his sound.
Love the wind in this track...
Going to the concert here in S.A cant wait who else going to the tour?!?!?!
Haters don’t see me on my Stevie Wonder
Honestly I ain't a big fan of most of the songs off of the album. But this is friken awesome. Favorite song so far
Aha is wildin.. yoo i been bumpin hah since before he got signed to reach records.. facts that aha been the same since day one no record deal gon change him
He sounds like a house nigga!
I support ur music & I think ur a talented artist, but I hv to be honest, the hook sounds like Drake bro, God bless tho 💯
Can't stop listening... so chill... calming....legit
put lonzo on this and it will go virall 3BB
This guy has come so far! I don’t know if I’m listening to Designer, Drake, Young Thug or a hotdog!
Already up to 100,000 in under a day! hype
My homeboy is on the trending page TWICE, KB on it too!!!!!
Who's finna start a petition for a music video
Who else was here before 100k? 💯 💯
Who's coppin his album tomorrow?! 🔥 🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I be  like whatchu mean?
Sauce😖🔥🔥
Wazz gucci lecrea
Hey this is🔥
I mean times
wooow i love this
False
Ayeeeee this lit
It aha
Amen
NF N LECRAE MANNNNN🥂
Litttyyy
No Canon like Mariah🏴🏴
Crae, You the man!!
Google Pixel International Giveaway! Competition https://wn.nr/6JbsFB
Lecrae is changing
Drake flow
Yo crae album's hot
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 👌
Awesome song. http://shafiulbashar.com
AHA🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👀
Lecrae sounds like Drake
Aha Gazelle killed it
this beat is fire omg🔥🔥🔥
My mans dont stop!!
REAL MUSIC
Dope!!!!!😝😝🤣
Lecrae + Aha = mind blown🔥❤️🔥
FIRE!!!!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Liberty University grad here!
Woooooow 💯💯🔥🔥
Lit doe
Brasil 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
🔥🔥🔥🔥
who are the 200 dislikes. whatcha mean???
😂💪🏾🔥🔥
Smiling. Good song!
sound like drake
0:52   \n\nKeep the lettuce
Drake in this?
Aaaah! Haters I don't see you/on my stevie wonder! Maaan
Ladrake
GOOD VIBES 🔥🔥🔥😣
fuego.
Looks like he's got a fucking dead spider on his head.
LECRAE IS THE G.O.A.T in Christian Rap 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
What the fuck happened to Lecrae?: \n\nHe used to be original and unique. \n\nNow he just sounds like every wannabe generic piece of shit rapper.
Why do I still cry when I see you and hear your wonderful voice?? Why does it hurt so much??\nI will always regret, my beautiful nightingale, that I never had the chanche to thank you so much for being my compagnion through every stage in my life... I can only write it down again, as I did so many times before: Thanks for the songs, Mr.Cohen..\nBlessed Be;\nAlthea )0(
Is this the official music video? A fitting tribute, I could imagine the spirit of Cohen walking through his memories after death while watching this, he left the table, he's out of the game, but the music is still playing on.
This should be #1 on trending , and casey neistadt should be last, or off it completely..permanently...
the only one missing is you
Give me a Leonard Cohen afterworld
thank you sir for helping this 22 year old male with his life problems. your music is beautiful and that's coming from a real ghetto polish kid. Thank you to my father also for introducing me to your music, it really helped me to heal wounds.
Happy Birthday Leonard,  wherever you are now.
This is blowing my flame ...mind blowing !!
A beautiful soul. I miss LC, he was one of a kind, thank you Leonard Cohen for your style and grace
Cohen died, his art is immortal
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.
Happy birthday Leonard...rest in peace friend
This made me cry so hard
I don't like this.
Hearing this incomparable voice makes it difficult to comprehend, that he actually is gone ... Leonard Cohen forever!
I’m leaving the table\nI’m out of the game\nI don’t know the people\nIn your picture frame\nIf I ever loved you, oh no, no\nIt’s a crying shame\nIf I ever loved you\nIf I knew your name\nYou don’t need a lawyer\nI’m not making a claim\nYou don't need to surrender\nI’m not taking aim\nI don’t need a lover, no, no, no\nThe wretched beast is tame\nI don’t need a lover\nSo blow out the flame\nThere’s nobody missing\nThere is no reward\nLittle by little\nWe’re cutting the cord\nWe’re spending the treasure, oh no, no\nThat love cannot afford\nI know you can feel it\nThe sweetness restored
Rest easy Master Cohen. Love you.
This is my  favorite from the album. Was this video created by LC himself? I did not know of it until today.
Teach the Angels to listen your  b e a u t i f u l  songs!!
♥ Mr. Cohen ♥\nBeautiful song...\nThank you very much ♥
I don’t need a reason\nFor what I became\nI’ve got these excuses\nThey’re tired and they’re lame\nI don’t need a pardon, no no, no no, no\nThere’s no one left to blame
the master
WOW
Beautiful song, we love you
did a child write these lyrics
this made me sad at 2 am
Love the song
The table has come back, now majestic.
To all the lovers...!
This is one of the most haunting songs I've ever heard.
Wait, didn't he die?
May it rest in peace his beautiful soul and may his songs live on.
I believe Leonard Cohen to be a genius and a philosopher and this simple song very moving in view of his impending death but am I the only one to find some of these images lacking in taste and unworthy? A sort of poor Leonard Graphic moving in the clouds. Really???
It's nice to honor him few days earlier from his birthday
Thank you for making art in this world of misery and bad people. Rest in peace, artist.
Wonderful ! Thank you very much !
Sigh...We really miss you Leonard...now more than ever. But hey...Everybody knows...that.
Really beautiful video, I admit I shed a few tears just like I did the first time I heard this song❤️
Poet, prophet, performer, keeper of our love.  <3
Thanks you for  your beautiful  songs, Thanks ypu for returning a bit of my Tug! I miss you Tug!
And now there's tears in my eyes
All that I can say is... thank you, Mr. Cohen, thanks for the good music and the company.
He is an angel.
i love you, leonard. thank you♥️🌹
Leonard Cohen's continued gift here, to me, appears to be about letting of mind's construct/ the material world manifestation and resting in the essence of It All. This is the kind of death that is selflessness, knowing our True Self, alive in what lasts forever in this only moment at evolution's edge. Truth. Knowing. Bliss.
Rest easy Leonard! You are missed and loved!
What can I say ? \nAn unrepeatable voice, a unique Talent ...! \nHe's a Living Legend !\nHe was ,\nHe is ,\nHe will be !\nForever....!\nVl'ado. 19 Sep 2017
Wow.  Pure poetry and evocation.  Farewell Leonard, I wont pretend to think I will see you on any other side, but damn, you gave real sound to my life on this side!
This was probably one of the greatest birthday presents I could have gotten, Thank you for being you Mr. Cohen. May you rest in peace ❤
2:25 And could I ask you, each person to light a match, so I could see where you all are? ... I would love to see those matches flare :')
really dig the video and song. here's a write-up we did about it https://zumic.com/leaving-the-table-leonard-cohen-youtube-music-video
You are missed, Leonard Cohen.  Thank you for all you sang and wrote.
Love L. C. . We dont blow out the flame. I can feel it. You my name and you tell me from yor star that you are stell my lover. Kiss from your baby. L.J.
13 people just don't like emotions I guess
So glad I was able to see him i concert a few years ago.I thank you,sir.
Just beautiful!
Happy Birthday Sir.
Sweet video.Missing Leonard
Obrigado Leonard Cohen..
Thank you, Lovely Soul !
What a sexy voice.....beautiful Lenny <3
Merci Mr. Cohen!
♫❤♫
miss him.
SZPER
awe!
Thank you, Mr. Cohen! <3
thank you
waw  sublime  merci  <3
Thank you
awesome
simply amazing.
prachtig lied en mooie video
beautiful t,s Мr
THE BEST
Magic
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Beautiful!
I'm speechless ~
Love him❤️
👍
an actual poet
Leonard Cohen - Leaving the Izrael
Hermoso!
Igen!!!
Wonderful song !!! Rest in peace Genius !!! Hallelujah Leonard !!!! ✨
¿´? .
💖
Obrigado, Sr. Cohen!
lovee
滄桑的歌聲~詮釋了人生的許多孤寂與無奈~~~
YESSSSS, Thank you so much Leonard Cohen
Rest in Peace <3
Bonjour! Est-ce qu'il y a quelqu'un qui sait qui a produit ce sublime vidéo? Merci
muy pero muy bien, Q.E.D. GENIO.
Dieser großartige Künstler wird für immer unvergessen bleiben.
Que voz! Que talento! Que artista!\nEterna saudade!
Gracias., único en su estilo.
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord
When did he make a music video? He died last year
Shakira's voice is perfect for that song :)
This video was edited in imovie ?
When Apple are trying to be funny with these basic edits... please stop...\nShakira amazing as usual
Shakira should do a rock album again
Shakira hits every note. That girl can sing!
I NEED A SHAKIRA AND ALANIS MORISSETT COLLAB NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shakira singing Cranberries song makes so much sense!
HOW DID I MISSS THISS???? LOVE OF MY LIFE TREVOR IS ON HERE. OMFG 💝💝💝😭
oh shit the wu tang got me
Apple ruins all . i want to see Shakira with James Corden singing her songs and driving around
Omg now i need a shakira to cover zombie
Fuck off Apple
Woe Shakira should cover Zombie
Where is the full video???? Pleaseee
I love shakira super voice
Not loving the format...
two of my favorite people
Some how Apple managed to ruin Carpool Karaoke!
Cranberries!
This is how you are NOT supposed to edit...wtf??
#bringbackoldcarpoolkaraokewedontwantthiscrap!!! Bring back old carpool karaoke apple ruins everything!!!!!!!!!😭
What the fuck is this shit!
I can't believe this just happened, it's like the video was tailor made for me... TREVOR NOAH ON CARPOOL KARAOKE WITH SHAKIRA!
My dream has been done! Thank uuuu! OMG, she is singing one of the songs where she sings really similar to Dolores O'rordian...she has a really similar voice colour!
I want the FULL EPISODE please!!!!!!!!!!!!! also im a bit sad that she didnt do the carpool karaoke with James
I actually really like the editing. This is just a promo video, the full version won't have edits like this.
What is the song called
hard core rock, the cranberries? no way. that's pretty soft to me.
NO I WANT HER TO SING HIPS DONT LIE UGH
Yeah... Carpool Karaoke was good with James....
In the comercial they sing whenever wherever and hips dont lie.. WHAT HAPPENED!!!
SHAK 4 EVER QUEEN. Te adoro, bba❤ me muero por verte en vivo!
She is amazing !!!
ooh, shakira's voice would sound great on What's Up? by 4 Non Blondes
Just let James corden do this. Stop stealing ideas. 🙄🙄🙄
This is rubbish. Apple ruined it.
All these speicel effects are so bad like 😂😂😂😂
carpool karaoke shakira do it james plsssssss!!!!!
DAAAMN, That sending money joke hit me hard trev! & with regards everyone hating on apple, yes they've messed with it & its obviously not as good as the original, but hey, didn't ppl complain about james & trevor taking over, now everybody loves them, they might improve, okay that doesn't take away the payment issue, at least lsb was on tv (where I'm from anyway). Now I've loved jc since before he moved to the us, but at least this way we get to see trevor & seth having a go, okay there have been some stupid ones...
Shakira is legend
Porta subanlo completo
Trevor is hilarious
I LOVE SHAKIRA
I want to watch the entire episode!!!!
Hit that snare
Shakira is a freaking QUEEN!
When is it coming on YouTube?
This is crap, Carpool Karaoke but shittier?
One of the biggest messes in youtube. Terrible video. Great singing.
The reason why Carpool Karaoke worked was the authenticity between the two stars. It was away from the studio, the audience, publicists and managers so we can see a genuine interaction. But this edited version from apple music completely misses the point. They try to glam-up the video with crappy effects to make it look 'cooler'. All they need to do is create a space where the two stars can relax and be themselves. (also, I miss James and his fan-girl love for the artists).
Ok, now I really love Trevor.  Wu Tang!!!
Love it !!!!
I never knew I wanted this.
I think James is a little busy now,  maybe come back ......?
I mean the good one is this and masie and Sophie one
I think James is irreplaceable in this show, or someone with the same energy as him and \na sense of humor.
What's with all the editing smh
Yes two of my favourite people🙌
I guess money does buy everything. I respect you getting your money James, but this was one of the games/skits I loved most about your show.  You shouldn't have sold out..
Shakira is a legend
The best carpool karaoke that I've seen so far  ❤💘
Wow her voice is really unique and beautiful!!
Am I the only one who understood Shawn Mendes in the second song?
Love Shakira 😍😍
Zaambie zaambie lol
BEST ONE YET!!!!!!
Where is James?
In Barcelona !!
So many trevor haters. Just sad
omg. Barceloona is too beauty.
Do James and his people actually NEED the money that they get for this apple music shit? Are they paying the celebs millions to be in this segment or what? Why on earth would you take a free segment that everyone loves and turn it into something you must pay for??? That's some greedy corporate shit right there
only Spanish speakers know how much awesomer and cooler were Shakiras songs at her early years. Well, I guess Inevitable is the only remain of those\nPd: I miss James on this
Worst special effects ever :( Shakira with James corden in a normal carpool karaoke please 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻.
Now Im in love with that song 😍
Shakira likes The Cranberries? My life's complete
I love shakira she's such a great artist!
I'm a shakira fan from when she first came out in Latin America. When she was a little older, she was a full on belly dancer and a rocker. Her MTV live set was amazing too. I love that era of Shakira. Especially the song Ojos Asi... Zombie was perfect! 😁😁 I be looking forward to watching this one.
He's so surprised she likes rock. C'mon, she was a rockstar in Latin America way before the whole Hips Don't Lie sh*t.
Hardcore rock????
Shakira is never old❤️😍
Shakira's voice puts Beyoncé to shame.
I love shakira! 💙
Nothing Trevor Noah has ever done has been funny.
Shakira and rock...Invitable, Devocion, Nada,Escondite Ingles, Quiero Mas, Lo Imprescindible, Tu Boca  ect ect
I don't mind Apple Music taking over, I mean they can get even more celebs on the show but WHY REMOVE *JAMES*  he was the reason for this show. It's like watching spongebob without spongebob in it.
Where's James? Is this not his show anymore?
why does apple have to be everywhere so annoying  i want old carpool back.........I  was waiting for shakira's carpool and got this so unfair
Omfg she sounds exactly like the song
Shakira QUEEN !!!
This was edited by a talent-less moron. \n\nSide note, Shakira singing zombie just brightened my day, JESUS PREFORM THAT IN ITS ENTIRETY SOMEDAY!
ha ha ha! Africa don't send money! LoL!
i hate this apple shit
Aqui se le nota los 40 la VERDAD pero linda
His last line 😂
Terrible editing
Shakira killed it though
Que haga el cover en el Tour  el dorado.
Para los que dicen que Shakira no canta.
vuelve al género rock pop con el que iniciaste.
trevor noah is my queen
Let's Make DNA the next Gangnam style , BTS deserves it ! We can do it *Armies* .💕💕💕
Each time I see the views stuck I feel happy because it means more views
worldwide handsome is definitely worldwide handsome. damn.....
I really really love BTS ..I've been an army for almost a year now what made become one was the most beautiful moment in life (both of them) though wings was there ( and loved it too btw and made me an even stronger army tbh)  after that I got to know other kpop groups whose songs are very good too but whenever I went back to bts I felt home, felt at peace, their songs and themselves didn't just entertain me but brought happiness to my heart ...and love yourself her is really good, the songs are really catchy and I like all of them but they make me feel like am listening to other kpop bands not bts, am still not yet home (though close by) all it does is entertain me ( pliz dont hate me I still like it)....it makes me miss bts ...I know people have to change and its good (spring day and not today were a changed version of bts but still enabled me to feel the real bts) but Her doesn't I really MISS the BTS I fell for and really hope love yourself His will bring them back...but I  appreciate how hard they worked for this album and they still deserve love and respect. .I will personally always be there for bts on good and bad time ( not saying it is bad..u get me)
We're about to hit 50m you guys ARMYs keep making history🔥💪🏻♥️\nStrong power thank you♥️🌸
CAN WE MAKE THIS 50M WITHIN A WEEK ?🙌🙌🙌\nCOME ON ARMYs 💛
100M within 7days. Let's go.
Honestly it seems like there are so many Armys out there who spent most of their time on the Twitter ,they keep tweeting more than streaming here .so sad
We need to get 50 million before the week end !!! Lest gooo 😍😍😍
50M within one week release. DO STREAM IT CONTINOUSLY.
Omg I lost account of how many times I  have watched DNA  ...STILL STREAMING as much as I could. ..keep streaming Army let's go ✌👍
Who is streaming for 50M?? 🙋❤
stream hard if you want see ❤bts❤ in hot 100 billboard i blieve in my strong fandom we can do it👊👊👊💪💪
🚨ARMY VOTE FOR BTS IN ASIAN ARTIST AWARDS🚨\nhttp://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists
8:30 KST - 46,787,684\n0:00 KST - 47,476,670\nIt was just yesterday that the views went up approximately 10,000 each minute from what I remember if we really want BTS to be able to get into Hot 100 and slay at the year-end awards we need to work harder, do our best in YT and ksites and give our all
In the first day we had 20 million, if we continued that way...😭 we could have already had 100Mi views!
http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists \n\nkeep voting for bts. they're lagging by 2000 votes. it will only take 3 seconds so please go vote for our boys
50 million!!!! LET'S GET IT GUYS!!!
Stream party people where you at?
ARMY LETS REACH OUR GOAL NO MATTER WHAT ....REFRESH YOUR STRONG ARMY SOUL ....GO FOR IT WE CAN DO IT
I'M DIED NOW\nOMG!BTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU SO COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GUYSSSS LET'S STREAM UNTIL IT GETS TO 50 MILLION VIEWS IN A WEEK!!! WERE GOING TO BEAT BLACKPINK As If its your last IF WE DID IT!!
let's take this video to 1 billion. and make it next gangnam style ........GO ARMY !!!
you look so pretty in the profile😃😃
Good job armies now just 3 more million and new Kpop record DOOOO IT HOESS
THE VIEWS AINT INCREASING ARMY PLS MAKE SURE YOURE STREAMING THE CORRECT WAY \n\n\n\nHow to stream BTS's music videos efficiently!\n1) Sign out of your acc, 2)After each viewing, please please please CLEAR YOUR WATCHING AND SEARCH HISTORY!! After clearing the history,refresh(you wanna see a new feed), open the YouTube tab and search DNA MV again and then you can watch it. If you don't clear the watch and search history,no matter how many times you've streamed, it still counted as ONE VIEW!! ,3) DO NOT put this video is playlists or repeat it straight after one viewing, cuz it still counted as ONE VIEW. 4) DO NOT refresh your music video page straight after you finished one viewing and watch it again, cuz it only counts as ONE VIEW. 5) DO NOT skip the ads or fast forward or skip parts, watch the WHOLE VIDEO please! Otherwise, it doesn't even count as ONE VIEW. 6) Always make sure the YouTube page volume is over 50%, also your own device is not in silent mode, otherwise it doesn't even count as ONE VIEW on this video. 7) Make sure the video's quality is over 480p, otherwise is doesn't count as ONE EFFICIENT VIEWING.
OMG I'M DYING THIS TO GOOD!! WHY THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD!? ♡
OMG bts got 3 million monthly listeners on spotify!!!!😆😆😆😆🎊🎊🎉🎉🎉 is this a record too!?!?!?!
Hellooooo! I'm here, still streaming. All for my boys, my lovers.
Dang almost a week and we have almost 50 million. Yes, good job armys and BTS
ARMY.... LET'S MAKE A NEW RECORD!
A brand new handsome guys series
ARMYS, Go! Go! Go! We could have our own  Mic Drop  with our streams :D
News: The Death of Army's \nCause of Death: BTS :)
47M views and 2M likes IN A WEEK. legends only 😗
LOVE THE ARMY 💖💖💖 47 M
OMG 😆😍😍😍
2 MILLION LIKES!! YES IM SO PROUD ;-;
BTS
47M?
47M views❤😍👏👏👏🎉🎉🎉
ARMYS are the best !!
かっこよすぎやん。。
TODAY WE FIGHT 💪
MV so beautiful
#50 Chile\n5 días en tendencias!! \nAguanten las Armys Chilenas. ❤
I'M VIETNAMMES
Mano, eles estão muito perfeitos <3
Essa musica é viciante
keep on repeating taekooks part 😂
45m✔️\n50m 🔜 #hwaiting
đẹp vl
army louca pelo jin
http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists Please vote for BTS!!!
2 MN LİKES *-*
47jt viewers♡♡♡
wow una hermosa cancion <3
BTS ❤❤
PLS VOTE BTS ON AAA
Army stream, views UNFREEZED
Kookie 😍😍😍
💙💙💙💙💙
50 million come on
ALMOST 50M 💕💕💕
I love♥♥💓
8,1M😍
💜
*JIMIN* \n☁☁☁☁☁☁☁\n☁🎀🎀☁🎀🎀☁\n🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀\n🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀\n🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀\n☁🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀☁\n☁☁🎀🎀🎀☁☁\n☁☁☁🎀☁☁☁\n☁☁☁☁☁☁☁
STREAM HARDER!!!!!
Yolo yolo yolo  yo \nYolo yolo  yo
I smile when kookie smile ;-;
47M!!
i wwaaw 47m i love you BTS 😍😎😍
ARMYS!!!!!!!! 50 MILHÕES VIEWS TODAY!!!!
LOVE
Vote for AAA \nLINK http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists/1702
*DNA*\n❤❤❤❤
love
ゲソッ✩
2
my boys slaying everyone👌💖
➡48M⬅ We can do it \nA🌟r🌟m🌟y *Fighting*\n\nLike
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3  I love this concept!! And this song!!! So cool!!!!!
daesang is coming 💜
Cadê os Br's? <3
OMG love 😍😍😍😍
좋은 그리고 우리는 48M에 가깝다
bu klipte kalbım yerınden çıktı resmen. çok güzel olmuş bayıldım BTS (fıgtıng) sarnghae
Omg  ojalá que llegue al numero 1 LOS AMO BTS
Como que tengo ganas de comer giso(????? :v
Perdi la cuenta de los comentarios que he hecho 😂💞 y de cuantas veces lo reproduci 💖💖💖
I've changed my youtube VPN to US but I can't find a way to do it on Spotify!!😣😣😣\nI want to help BTS to reach HOT100 😢😢
Cadê as armys brasileiras?\nNossa cada vez mais lindos..... Gesuis amado
I love kookie \nI love v\nI love jimin\nI love BTS
*50M!!!! Fighting A.R.M.Y!* Keep STREAMING 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌💜
Can we make this MV to 100M in less than 2 weeks? ^-^
Army's,\nKeep streaming YouTube and Spotify, (Spotify VPN > US🇺🇸 and change the location > US🇺🇸)\n(YouTube VPN > US🇺🇸 can help hot100)\nLet's get to HOT100,\n50m views in 5 days,\n100m views in 1-2 week,\nDon't stop, fighting!!💪🏻👋🏻👋🏻
masterpiece who? i only know bts.
ااارمممميييززز دعونا نوصل الفيديو اليوم ل ٥٠ مليون مشاهده تكففووووونن👍👍👍👍😶😶😢😢😢😢☺😦🔥🔥🔥🔥
*BTSملووووك الكيبوب 😍💜👑👑*
Kodak choking in the beginning and shit! 😂😂
I’m waiting for Lodak Red
I like this song
Wtf is the intro? 😑😩 no thanks sis
Plz let the late great veteran jojo live
My neighbors liked this so much they invited the police to enjoy it too. 🐷🐽👮
If anyone get a chance go to you tube type in mental rotation. you'll see me in a red jacket.  this 10 min video on suppression is very useful and helpful. promise not a waste of time you will learn something thank you
I like this one better than Kodak orange
Hmmm...where can I keep this remix? I know! I'll just keep it in my trash bin until I want to hear it again.
This fucking guy Kodak black sucks man guy can't pronounce shit correctly
Better than the original bodak yellow... But it's nothing like the original no flockin
I can imagine the Latin trap version with Kodak
K2 is so bad for you. Kodak Black.
Cardi b shoulda came with new verse or new flow and this shit would blow up LIKE THE TALIBAN !!!!
that nigga threw up all the dumb shit he was gone say in the intro lmao
Tired of mumble rap? Listen to some real bars dawg 🔥🔥🔥 https://youtu.be/fQF9FprmD44
He was right I DID think he was coming wit his old flow
Don't like it at all 😒😑😑
Kodak when in on that ⛽️️🔥shit 💯🇨🇺
Dis shit 🔥🔥don't even need 2 say no mo
Smokin on JOJO 0:55 what??????? you a dead man.
Song sounds dope wit em both together, cardi, kodak, n offset should do a project
Let's make bloody moves
Yea wth he on here talking about anyways get him off of here messing up her music 😳🤦🏽‍♀️
the fuck they doin that shit with kodaks vocals, sounds like theres 15 of him around a mic
Kodak is so annoying in the backround
The last digit of likes is what u gotta reply with:\n\n0. Your darkest secret\n9. Your birthday\n8. Your zodiac\n7.  https://soundcloud.com/bvnjamin (Go check it out and follow)\n6. Your celebrity crush \n5. Last time u masturbated\n4. Age u lost your virginity\n3. Name of person u hate the most\n2. Your moms name\n1. What u did today\n^~^~^~^^~^~^~^^~\nWhich one did u get?
Dumpster in July, this is hot garbage!
Y'all go listen my new song and follow me on soundcloud please💯💯💯\nhttps://soundcloud.com/richard-a-smith-225334407/richie-ramus-real-life-story-part-2
I actually thought he was coming with his old slow rap flow he got
Tyrant high power garden as best kept secret said that thuggish rugish shit before you did so I don't respect you for taking some ones verse like that
That shit sucked the original is way better Kodak black is garbage
The original is always the best no disrespect to kodak
Came to this song when Cardi Bich had 666k subscribers
The Kodak ad libs kinda ruined it but his verse was sick
Which JoJo he smokin on? be careful them hittas gone be on yo ass boa
you know why I fuck with Cardi B?? Because she light skinned! :v
Kodak always gets smashed by people saying he is trash but when he is on a remix he makes the song better and his personal songs are always deep lyrically and his flow is just insane 👏
I’m sorry. Lmao what is this? Listennnn.  This shit is terrible. Kodak coulda done better. His verse is flat SHIT though. Cardi’s chorus saved her own song.
Is anybody going to call Kodak Black out for using Ski Mask the Slump God's flow near the end?!?!
All my life smoking on Jojo🤔
Remix? Sounds like he put himself on it ... nice flow though...
Check out profile for killer videos gangsta squad
Fuck Kodak Black keep JoJo name out yo mouth
smokin on jojo hoh ho oh no das a no no so so sad nigga gonna get spinned like a yoyo
Ill keep my fingers crossed that she can make another hot song cause if not she done people
KODAK I KNOW  WE BLACK BUT  YOU CANT SAY WE DON'T FUCK WITH  MEXICANS  ,CAUSE THAT KEEPING IT TO REAL
I swear Kodak messed this song up. This song came on in the car and i wanted to here CARDI B singing but then i hear kodak black head ass smh.
Dead presidents pockets Mt Everest? But the president heads are on mount Rushmore right🤔
Starting a self growth hiphop  group chat to help producers and artists grow and make/create connections if you want in. Add me on twitter @teysavvy then dm me for entry must be an artist, manager, producer, or someone within the music business. Only way to grow is to be recognized by peers and supporters!!!
It's this an official remix cause dis bih slide
did he just diss lil JoJo?
remix of remix... fire
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=111792
No...WT!....NO...It was perfect\n Why fuck with perfection...My headz numb.
ew
you need beats huh ? 🤔 Gimme some Clout 💰💪🏾 \nhttps://youtu.be/WFYCTxTOgfQ
‪💰https://soundcloud.com/gmoney-aka-logic/bag 🔥🔥🔥‬
do fuck to the people
🎶Kodak Black said THUGGISH BUGGISH RUGGISH shit lol, okay den🎶
Wtf this was awful
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
dude said smoking k2 lol @RCCola2x on twitter
🎧🎧🎧
mane I'm fuxkn with cardi B.
These rappers so lame. Rip Jojo
Ayeeeee
The ting go skkkkrrrraaaa
Kodak & Cardi = 🔥🔥🔥🔥
esketit 🤘🏼
AK was right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5swnZRJzTg&feature=youtu.be check out this remix :)
AYE
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💞💞💞💞!!!!
🔥🔥🔥
Brah
Cbdjvugduho 👊👍
Who here before 1million
Lit
This shit bangs
Cardi B - Bodak Yellow
☺️🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽👠👠👠👠👠👠👠
Cut cardi b out this song then itll be dope
My boy kodak snapped 🔥🔥🔥
Litt 🔥💯 Who here before 1million views ?
:)
Kodak made dis song way better💯💯
Children...main...concern...Am better off..Main concern
Montana of 300 ftw
duro duro
CARDI FOR NUMBER 1!
u got dis 💯
gold
no flockin ova here lil birdy
Smokin on JoJo !! Gang
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This remix is Kodak Black ft Cardi B! It's fire though! 🔥  I don't care Cardi B  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
‘ SO WE ALL JUS DISREGARDING THE FACT THAT KODAK THREW UP IN THE MIC IN THE FIRST 2 SECONDS .?! 0:02
Okay...okay!♨📛♨📛
You a boss cardi B
The mashup we never knew we needed.
please make a comeback, this is one of the most amazing songs I've heard all year, and the video was amazing.  Use the same band. And who is the bass player?
Heard this from the radio and had to come check it out.
Taylor needs to be careful
Is this version going to be for sale?
Richard is still so beautiful!
love this! a reputation tour performance please!
Amazing!
Excellent!!
Absolutely LOVE it!!!
Love this!
Tay and these guys should do this mash-up together, that will be brill!
Cor Crikey! Loving the bass player!!! 😍
This is great!!
На учениях «Запад-2017» на полигоне в Ленобласти боевой вертолет попал ракетами по зрителям  The K52 helicopter shoots on the civilians during the military exercise because of the malfunction
A Russian military helicopter accidentally fires on parked cars and journalists during a military exercise.
Go watch some helicopters they said\nIt will be fun they said
“Mission failed, we’ll get em’ next time”
in mother russia, missile shoot itself!
Description has English translation.
Did I see someone die?? I need a translation!!
When mom tells you to wait in the car
Did dat guy survive?? It was brutal
How it feels to chew 5gum\n\n0:13\n\n5gum, stimulate your senses
They probably thought he was gay
was the pilot aiming for Poutine?
Not one person (that I saw on this post) asked if that poor bastard survived the missile blast?!?
But were the Trucks OK?????????
Just a heads up, don't load the guns if your just doing an air show....
So are we going to conclude that guy walking is dead ? Or
Если не только в стране, а и в армии бардак, то это - п.здец!
They’re doing a military exercise in a civilian area with live weapons? What the fuck is wrong with them? \n\nI’ll leave this here for people trying to explain it:(Obviously they’d need real weapons in a real scenario with civilians around, but come on)
wow, trying to kill their counterparts. Smh
When you don't have a buzzard
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
Ok I think I got the controls. Wait what does this button do?
I like how this gets on the trending page
So that nigga in front died...
Weak ass missile... Had it been American it would have melted the camera
That's just how you get a ticket in Russia.
Did the guy walking towards the car dead???
YouTube doesn't trend videos that deserve to be trending but trends a video of someone being hurt or potentially killed. That's fucked up
*0:13* when you forget to tell your co pilot to hold your beer.
YouTube turns into Liveleak for one quick video
That car cut him off in traffic earlier in the day?
Tf is wrong with YouTube
First off HO-LY SHIT!!!! Secondly who's the badass who gives zero fucks at 0:22 whos not crawling for his life and taking a leisurely breeze walk?
Malfunction, you mean the Pilot was being a dick.
This happens bc somebody messed with Your Mom, apparently.
Pewdiepie can't say obama is a nigger, Hitler did nothing wrong, or Jews did 9/11 but google actively promotes some guy getting incinerated live on screen.
this is some Just Cause shit .
Well at least Russian CGI is getting better
Scared me to death
the target was the big truck it hit. If you don't want to get hurt, stay away from the target Dumbasses
Scared the fuck out of me I expected a helicopter to land or something.
It is odd to see this video among other entertaining materials. Seems that people are really interested in that. And YouTube doesn’t even try to check the contents!!
And this is trending why? The guy didn't die in the video and they claim it malfunction during training  (though must say how does something like that malfunction)
In Russia, human is target practice
The russian pilot was looking for his vodka bottle, in the helicopter cockpit.
Now that shit is what I call a demostration.
Are you hurt? Try a little harder next time.
Dude in the hoodie was totally banging the pilots wife
За пять дней учений Запад-2017 доблестная и славная военщина Хуйлостана(бывшая Россия) потеряла:\n\n— Командующего Воздушно-десантными войсками (ВДВ) России генерала-полковника Андрея Сердюкова\n\n— заместителя Главкома по воздушно-десантной подготовке генерала-майора Владимира Кочеткова\n\n— помощника главкома ВДВ\n\n— адъютанта главкома ВДВ\n\n—  трех хуйлостанских журналистов-пропагандонов\n\n— отделение из 6 саперов\n\n— корвет класса «Неустрашимый»\n\n— стратегический бомбардировщик Ту-22М3\n\n— учебно-боевой самолёт ЯК-130\n\n— машину управления БЛА комплекса РБ-341В «Леер-3»\n\nЭто только список, который попал в СМИ и подтверждён фото-видео материалами. Сколько там сейчас всего небоевых потерь не знает никто.\n\nЧто сказать???\n\nУчения удались во всю славу величия хуйлостанского(бывшего российского) оружия.
i hope the guy is okay i watched it in slow mo and he did not seem to get hit.
American news agency's: Trump blows up Russia with one missile
Never new what the buzz around Russia was seen so many stupid videos from them not being able to drive being pissed drunk embarrassing themselves starting and losing fights, nobody likes your corrupt dumb ass country
As a true American I can say with utmost certainty that the RUSSIANS ARE BADASSES. RESPECT.
Я хочу, чтобы мировая война три
Не бойтесь русских\nмы сами себя поубиваем
おそロシア
haha.chinko
嘘松
Amazing
COCKPIT VIEW: https://twitter.com/WarfareWW/status/910100004035055616
IM SHOOKED
Damn, Russia 😮
Whoops, to much vodka comrades!
Cyka blat
My Vietnam experience...
Well I guess... Oops...
ミサイルってこんなに早いんか…
gta world?
Only in Russia
Damn Russians always fucking shit up
Fuze was flying that helicopter
God damn it jerry.
Oh shit😱😱
Fucking idiot Russians
Is Dafuq Russian for WTF?
Aye....no vodka in helicopter next time commrades...
WTF did i just watch!!!
ouch
Holy fuck
какой же он тупой.....
cyka blyat
Remember... No Russian.
Га га гаsрцтаи
He dead...
To Be Continued
Vodka atack
strange nobody said cyka blyat
god these guys are morons
Half ass Russian pilots.
BLYAT
Quippy Comment
Rekted
That dude turns into lasagna
Haha lol did that fucker magically survive?
おそロシア
that escalated quickly
BLYAT!
Ya had one fuckin job
Aaaaaaaaaand I just shat myself.
Holy shit
Let us all take a moment to appreciate the man holding open the lift.
Any body else see that news interview where he was called a poundland Donald Trump
Lmao ambushed??
Oh just leave you idiot you've come to my school and even when I was 7 and didn't know who you were, I was very un-impressed and confused why everybody was fussing over a fake old man.
Wtf YouTube trending 1.8k views\n3 comments YouTube doesn't have an agenda Xd
Lol he has hard nipples
#poundlanddonaldtrump
How is this 17 on trending with only 2k views?
May's a fool for keeping him around and he's a fool if he thinks he can be PM.
He can't even sort his own collar out...
ok resign..please
Boris did nothing wrong. Fuck off, Lefty tossers!
This 2k video doesn't look like something that is trending..... Hmm...
BoJo should be mayor of London still. Fuck sadiq khant
what a fat piece of shit. would love to see him run for prime minister, because he would crash and burn
Boris should be pm he's a right laff
Hmm... All pro boris comments are found at the bottom of the top comments list. How interesting.
Two faced slimy prick , and not just him , all the global elite fucks
Speaks his mind. so what.He can only be critised for the timing of his article
And so the UK wept
I was waiting for him to get punched in the head or get jumped pr pr something 😂
Ahahahgahga the fat piece of shit can't run to save his life \n\n\n\n\nSo why the fuck is he running for PM
Don't you think he looks tired?
Needs a bra doesn't he?
Boris for PM
Very nice
This shit is trending why?
Gibberygobbila...
Leftys, pls go away
New Video About False Masculinity and Marriage! Be Sure To Check It Out And Subscribe For More!!!!! <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K57NzzpLAo
No I want him to be prime minister
UK is cuck3d by liberals
Poor Borris
Boris pissed of the right people fair play to him one of the few conservatives you're allowed to like
OMG LIZA!!! YOU AND KRISTEN SHOULD DO EACH OTHERS MAKE UP WITHOUT HANDS!!!!!
😂❤️👏🏽Nice job I love you so much!!!!!
don't do this at home do this at school 😂😂😂
Damn she did a good job ,damn impressed
HE WAS A SKATER BOY
Is it sad that her makeup now looks better than mine without using these tool😂😂😂
When you run out of makeup supplies, so you decide to use tools instead.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGENIUS!
I love the puns, u, music, and how u look!
That makeup wasn't bad toll you closed up then u looked like a killer clown 🤡
liza u are my insparation to be wierd be the girl  i am
he was a sk8r boi, she said see ya later boi, he wasn't good enough for her
Is actually not that bad
she's better than me even when I use brushes..
Why the puns! Eyelash out at your puns
Honestly I don't think it looks that bad 😂
Her puns are amazing right here, she actually did a really good job, I was like oh, crap, this probably won't end well...
These puns really puts nails in my head. Hehe. Ok i will stop. Im gonna go eat food with a dip of wrench. Hehe ok i will stop now. I already made 2 puns. Ok just continue watching the video. This comment is drilling your freaking ming right now. Hahahahaha. Ok im gonna stop. Im just saying that she pounded my head so hard. Hehe. Ok im gonna really stop now.
Beauty gurus are shocked of Liza being the most coolest beauty guru in the world!!
was i hearing things or did she really say Highscool teacher from APHMAU!
That makeup is probably better than I do with actual makeup tools
why did the very end make me laugh the most 4:30 literally lol
For all the people who are looking for the ad, please go to Buzzfeed's channel.
with or Without Makeup Your so pretty ❤❤
Honestly, better than what I can do with the proper tools
How did you make 2 hours of footage into 5 mins!!??
Can you react to DNA by BTS please I(ts a kpop boy band)
Omg Liza you actually did a really good job hahah
The constant anxiety whenever she picked up the hammer and tried to chisel her face >_<
I really love this channel hahahah
This is one of those life hacks that give u pain and beauty!\n\n\n\n\nBooty!
She takes 2 hours to film the video....hold up we forgot how long it took her to do the puns...oh ok then 3 hours to make the video
How bad your makeup is now with using the tools is what my makeup looks by nothing but normally If u get what I mean?!😅
2 hours filming = a 4 minute video 😲
When she does makeup using hardware tools better than I do makeup with regular makeup tools😂
When she puts more work into her second channel vids than I put into my main....... 😐
Why was the ad before this video......a condom commercial
2:00 Liza: hey beauty is pain am I right? .. Me: Oh mrs. Potato head tell me Is it true that pain is beauty? Does a new face come with a warranty... < SORRY I HAD TO GET IT OUT IN THE COMMENTS >
This was very helpful thanks Liza I'm gonna get all the guys to the yard now
*LIZA make a Music Video with your own composed song!!!!!!!*\n\nLike if you agree!!!
When you realise she still does her makeup wayyyyyy better than you do.
XD you look really good
Stay in drugs don't do school
Liza:You Will never get the same results.                                    \nMe:Yeah, I will get better results.
I love when Liza make videos like this but I get scared about what happens at the end
'this reminds me of high school' *same*
great job
MIC Drop.
Amazing
liza is cuter than joeeyyyyyyy
is that dangerous?
You are amazing
2:11
3:29 she goes cross eyed pause
damn myan she still looks cute 💕😘
THOSE EYEBROWSA THOUGHHHH!!!! ON FLEEK
😂😂😂OMG!!! U really nailed it 😂😂,literally u nailed it .
MIC DROP shoutout\nAny armys here?? 😂😂
Wow. THESE PUNS
love u liza
Still better than mee
Liza is cuter than Joey
She looks a bit like nicki minaj
1:14 SARAH BASKA
2:53 did she just... omg she did
MIC DROP ARMYs?
U LOOK SO SCARY OMG
oml yas
You know the drill:\n1.liza koshy \n2.lilly Singh \n3.miranda sings\n4.yourself\n5.thegabbieshow\n6.kim kardashian\n7.david dobrik\n8.joey graceffa\n9.manny mua \n0.rachel ballinger
Love it
I smell something danGERouSSss!!
Why does Liza always snaps at 4:20??
OMG OMG OMG PUN R HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*oh you sexy beast*
She doesn't look that terrible for doing with household tools
Do a bath challenge
Who knows what I am saying OMG THEY CAME
Liza!\nPLEASEE PLEASE PLEASE REACT TO 'BTS'  BECAUSE I WOULD LITERALLY BE SO HAPPY WHEN YOU UPLOAD \nA reacting to BTS video
I literally always thought she never wore fake eyelashes. I thought they were natural. She wears fake eyelashes guys 😭😭😭😭😂😂
For real she actually looked good when she did the slow motion thing I'm very offended 🙌🏼👌🏼👑slay girl slay
I figured out how lizza makes her puns! iT JUST HapPUNS
Your puns are the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😅🤣😅🤣😅🤣😅😂😅😂😅😅😂😅😅😂😂😅😂😂😅
SHE was a skater BOY... what?
She is beautiful even without makeup love u Liza
I love the show Breaking Bad because it's filmed in Albuquerque and I was born there, I also leaved close to the house, and I know it's by a park and a public pool
she look very good condsideing she use tools
I love your videos
Honestly, she did her makeup better than most kids at my school do on a daily basis
When Liza's second channel is better than most youtubers first channel❤️
She can do her makeup 5x better with power tools then I can with my hands😂😭
That is the best liquid eyeliner I have ever seen.
Here hair cut is weird
What's 1+1\nWhat's 2+2\nWhat's 4+4\nWhat's 8+8\nName a vegetable \nDid you say carrot?
But why does her makeup with tools look better than mine with brushes?
Liza is cuter then Joey
Go GO
I love you
Lol
Liza is cuter than Joey ❤️❤️❤️
Omg your so beauitful
THE SAW RETURNS!!!
Jesus, can everyone relax about that guy? I get that nobody asked for his opinion and that Sammi wasn't checking her reflection or worrying about her looks, but maybe he just tried to be nice, that's all. Sometimes I feel like people aren't being feminist anymore but downright misandrous.
Indy's face with the caption Pub lunch Terrible service at 2:08 made my day lol😂
love anthropology!!!
He saw you looking at yourself and probably thought he was being kind putting your mind at rest. Yes I would of been embarrassed if he said it to me but I really don't think it deserves so much hate. I don't know, difference of opinions I guess.
Saaaaaammm, I'm OBSESSED with those earrings! Soooo nice!  And that red lip is everything, especially the particular red you chose matches your skin beautifully. This was a great vlog, and of course, so happy I got my little Indie fix! LOL. Oh, and as an aside: The font writing is too white, and too small; could barely read it.
Take a sip of water every time Sam says pots\n\nStay hydrated!!!
I've had plants for 40 plus years. You need to buy pots with drainage holes to prevent root rot. Get some landscape fabric and cut out to fit at bottom of pot to prevent dirt from escaping. Also buy saucers to put your pots on to collect water run off. There's a really good YouTube channel called Garden Answer and you'll learn so much from Laura. From outside plants to indoor as well as succulents. I think you'll Really enjoy her channel. Best of Luck! Oh and Indie is scrumptious!
Sam, firstly, can I squish Indy (without hurting her!) bc she’s THAT ADORABLE!!! How can a child be THAT cute?!! I LOVE her!! Also, I know curly hair can be a B and so can London weather, but here’s a tip (I do h&M in fashion & adv, and, I have curly hair!) if you take a few sections around your face, front hairline....and time permitting, scatter a few more pieces here and there..there’s a quick easy way to have it feel more polished (but still wild!). That is, take a smaller iron,  1/2 - 3/4 inch, to match your curl, more or less, and simply smooth out a few pieces-  bang area, front, temple, and a piece or 2 behind the ear (but leave the end out-it’s sexier and will blend well) I shampoo, then diffuse, then curl, and it stays for days-or even when you just want to freshen up the look and not wash it...curl a few pieces! It gives a soft sexy look- I get compliments left and right! You looked HOT regardless (over the lip colour on you!) just wanted to share...in case u were interested! <3
I miss Jason's cooking videos!!!
AGH I get SO frustrated when a guy tells you something like Oh, don't worry, you look great without being asked, especially when it's an older man.  I feel like with younger guys, they should know better so I don't feel bad telling them that I don't really care what they think, but I find it so hard with older/elderly men who think they are being nice and don't realize how intrusive they are.  Instead, I'm stuck standing there thanking them for what they think is a compliment.
I love your hair when it's really curly!
How do you keep Indie out of your plants? I want to green up my place but I don't want to constantly repot because of little digging hands lol
Sam you look AMAZING! &  also I'm in looooove  with your new bag! xoxo
You always make me miss london\nLove you 😘
Im burning angel food cake candle rn too!!!!! love it
Those pots were really cute! I like hearing about pots and all the homewear you get. I'm 26 and more into styling my home so please continue to share all your home decor tips!
Just an FYI it all you so called feminist. Being a feminist doesn't mean hate for men! Or anything that a men can do a women can do better. It means equality for all! Black, white, Hispanic,  Asian , lgbttq,  disabled, men and women! I dnt when it turned into a man bashing movement .
Great video i need some plants in my home 🌷
*Are you lооking fоr hot dates in your nеighbourhood?*

dXhDtNRYc4Y,\n *Theу hеrе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=dXhDtNRYc4Y_993357
The amount of random catcalling you catch in your vlogs is - well, I'd like to say it's surprising but it's not haha. Jesus. Old men need to quit it.
Enjoying the vlogs but please for the love of god stop using the super tiny white font in your videos. Some people are watching you on their iPhones and I genuinely want to read what it is you're inserting but I really can't. Pleaaaaase.
Loved coming along to fashion week! Loooved the outfit :))
Hey make sure your pots have drainage holes (or place those small plastic pots inside of them) otherwise your plants might drown/die. Especially the succulents!
Have you seen the cute googley eye pot on urban outfitters website? And they have other designs too :)
i have missed your vlogs so much! <3
Love love love your new bag! xxx
Love your new handbag animal print is my fav because you can use it as a neutral and it can go with so many different outfits
this was such good vlog! love seeing more of you + Jason <3
the song at the versus show was 'spliff' by the austrian band bilderbuch- they are so so good!
I love plants too
I love your style! You're so confident I love it
I love your phone case where can I buy it! I know it's comme de garçon but where do I get it !!
Please share how you look after a plant... I just killed a cactus 🌵😩
Hi, sorry could is the missing word!  Sorry. ☹️
We are a new family daily vlog channel! Can we please get a shout out to help our channel grow!
Loved this vlog! And you of course!! What song was used during the first fashion show?
Miss Jason in the vlogs, love how real you guys are. I know he is private, but do appreciate his appearances 😀
OMG Indie's face at 2:07, together with the caption reading 'pub lunch. terrible service'. I died. So n'sync.  Haha!
Hi Sam! Just to say that the &OS earring suit you so well, you look so good in them, with that black top and eyeliner... omg gorgeous!! \nloved also your vlog backstage at FW! \nx
Sam, sorry if this has been mentioned already. Pls could you share where indies high chair is from and  whether you find it easy to clean. Thanks!
Your day to day boring (as you quote) life is so relaxing to watch, btw you look amazing in both looks in this vlog
Love that little round pot with the ridges...I think you should keep it...And you sweatty glow looked beautiful.
I really enjoyed this one Sam!! Liked the bits at home planting pots, then feeding Indie, to getting all glam and being at shows. Really showed how diverse most peoples lives are between outside and inside the home :)
You were just killing all the outfits in the video!! 👏🏿 love you Sam😘
You look amazing! I've thought about it every time I've watched one of the videos you've made since you came back from your holiday and now I'm finally writing it 😊 Your new pants with that black shirt and your beautiful hair 😍 Your videos are the only ones on YouTube I watch all of 😅 It just makes me happy... you are so real, living your dream, looking amazing - even when you are not feeling at your best ❤️ and it's a true joy when we get to follow you (almost) every day 😃
As someone who has no clue on plant names... 'my mother in law's tongue' threw me a bit ha ha! Such a great vlog as usual though :)
I LOVE that angel food candle from Anthro! I need to get another one, it smells divine 😍
Samantha Maria, I Loove you! I want to see you someday..
I was worried about you when I heard the another attack in London. Stay safe Sam!!
Love love love the blue jeans you're wearing at the end, I think they look so flattering where are they from?
Where is your black top from (one at end)? Love it x
who else goes to the loo or to make tea when a 36 second ad appears on Sams video lol. okay video see you in a bit.
Love your vlogs so much! I'd really like to see and know jason more but I can also understand if hes uncomfertable
u are an inspiration
Im really getting into plants too! but more terrariums with cactus and succulents they're super easy to maintain. LOVE the pot haul
I just realized how lovely black clothes are on you! 😍 It really suits your skin tone. Could you please consider doing a lookbook featuring mostly black?
Omg I love your outfit 😻 you always look so fly
Your vlogs are really lovely to watch and so relatable. Im not married or have a child, but I feel like I just get you :)
IM IN LOVE WITH THAT BAG WOW!
you are giving me 70's retro vibes with a modern twist....<3
Samantha u r one of the most genuine  n sweetest vlog gers.
Bring the bangs back! You look so good with them! And without but you know what I mean lol
You look so pretty in this vlog. You always look pretty but you're glowing so much... sending love from Trinidad❤️
totally get it Sammi, big highlight for you. well done for getting to this point. your outfit for LFW was amaze, need those pants :)\nlongtime fan x
Yes 😭! I miss vlogs, I've been watching old ones. I feel so calm now thank you girl 💗😌
I am lovvvvvving the dangling earrings on u!! idk how, but they compliment ur eyes!!
I really enjoyed this video, best fashion week that I've seen.
Buy larger pots! They'll die without enough root room - buy one that feels roomy.
Sammi: might put my mother in laws tongue in this\nMe, someone with zero knowledge on horticulture: damn wtf she can't be that bad surely
Maybe people should look at how women are treated in countries like Afghanistan. Then a simple, friendly comment from a man who probably thought he was being nice wouldn't be such a big deal.
Hello from Canada 🇨🇦 xoxo 😘 I love love love ❤️ your look at the end of this video!!! And those earrings!!! Wow! Beautiful:)
Jason eating dry bagels is soo triggering, I used to do that when there's no food in the house 😂😂😂
Hahaha at the beginning I thought you said I'm going to put my mother in law's tongue in 😂
I can't see all those captions on my phone. Please, use the biggest font possible! Lol
yay maje ... the best ever....if your ever in birmingham selfridges do come to ourl concession  we would love to make your shopping experience a memorable one x
The Maje bag is beautiful !
16 £ for one bowl OMG
Yasss Jason!!
I'm really enjoying your      vlogs!
Looking gorgeous! Xx
THAT FIRST UTIFT IS BOMB! SLAY SAMMI!! ❤️
Love your vlogs Sammi! That leopard print bag 😍
Love your lipstick 💄 what colour please
loved your outfiiittt
Loved this vlog, you look amazing. <3
More pots and plants
Realising Jason is liteeerrallly Jon Snow. Their accents are identical!\n#winteriscoming
You look so beautiful!
That maje bag is everything 🔥🔥
You look fabulous Sammy!
OBSESSED with that bag 😍😍😍😍
I love your earrings ❤️
It's truly funny to me how up in arms people are over a man telling a woman she looks beautiful...
I honestly believe that man was just trying to be complimentary. I'm sure his intentions were innocent.
That was fun to see the Fashion Week footage; right now Vancouver Fashion Week just started too! (Vancouver BC Canada) My daughter is a model in it, and it's a bit of a family event. Fun. Thanks for the vid, enjoyed it!
Shout out to the Vegan activists sabotaging the event due to the all the animal use with skins and furs being used :)
loved the plant and pots bit 🌿👌
Omg that guy coming up to you and your fake laugh 😂😂😂 I don't think men realize how uncomfortable they make women when they do things like that lol.
what does pot mean? i am from austria .P
Lauv 🔥🔥🔥
not satisfied with the drop😥😌
That drop was soooo unexpected!!  Really unique!!  👍👍👏
papapapapapapagagpapgpagpapgpapgapapgpagapgpagpgapgpggpapgapgppagpapgapgpapgapgpagpapgpapgpagpagpapgapgpapgapgpapgpapgpapgpapgpagpapgpgpagpagpgpapapapgpapgagpapgppapgpagpagpapg
The drop ruins this song 👎🏼
YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON!
Late a day.. But my love to lauv getting stronger 😍😍😍😍 I really lauv him
Popoginda pom pom popgindahahahahha , its doesn't have a good drob bruh
The beat could of been better
who's here before 100m?
same old, different title.
i dont usually like this kind of music but honestly its a pretty chill song
Here you go!\n\nA Different Way\n(feat. Lauv)\n\nCould you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nAnother love, so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
This is a shit
where the fuck is the lyric guy
 The More You Listen To It The More You 'll Love The DROP  😍😍
So let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
u are the best bro snake
Could you believe\nI could be different\nI'll be the difference\nI'll lift you high\n\nI understand\nYour hesitation\nOur reputation\nIt's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes too\nLike when you're feeling alone\n\nBaby, I'll be right here\nAnd we can sit in silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven broken heart, \ncan be again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\npopbadigadin papa daboompidagidada dabrrr daboom padigadipapa\n\nI know the love\nSo unforgiving\nYou'll be the victim\nToo many times\n\nAnd I'll be the fear [?]\nHold you together\nI'll be forever\nWould you be mine\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes too\nLike when you're feeling alone\n\nBaby, I'll be right here\nAnd we can sit in silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart, \ncan beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\npopbadigadin papa daboompidagidada dabrrr daboom padigadipapa\n\n(Thanks to Rayan Pellegrini for the drop lyrics lol)
woah didn't expect that vibe at the begining....it hit hard hahah. It's easy and friendly kinda vibe....even a bit tropical. very good. luv luv luv❤❤
His voice sounds like Adam Levine at the beginning, I swear
Can I do A remix of this song?!
A different way of drop 💥💥
Why does the drop feel like somebodys drowning?
Drop is not too good!
for lauv is much better for making drops!!
1 year waiting for this. ❤\nHope to see you again in Mexico.
This sure is A Different way of DROP! #popbadigadinpapadaboompidagidadadabrrr
I wonder how hard it was to create that beat
I can't wait for a trap remix of it 🔥
that beat made me smile :)
Lauv? The opening act guy for Ed's tour? OMG
Anyone else here before a million?
Just need a video of this lit
need a good remix. because that beat drop ruined the song
Love Lauv but o dont think DJ Snake is the best collab for him. Cant wait for remixes
The symbol in the video looks like Avicii
LYRICS IS COMING~ <3\n\nCould you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy my dear\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nI know that love is so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy my dear\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
Lyrics:\n\nCould you be believe\nI could different\nI'll  be the difference\nI'll lift you high\n\n\nYeahh (2x)\n\nI will be different way\nMomma could be the way\nCome to my house with me\nAnd let fucking with me bruh\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\nGotcha !!!!
The beat it's great but maybe with  another pre-chorus ?  Looks it's forced to be there.
change the drop + Bieber featuring = go viral, 1 Bi views.
I love the fucking Beat 😍
do u don't thinks those vocal chops r just awesome to hear. I like the music tho!   ur opinion?
LYRICS: thanks me later\n\n[Verse 1: Lauv]\nCould you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Lauv]\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy my dear\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\n[Chorus: Lauv]\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\n[Drop]\n\n[Verse 2: Lauv]\nI know that love is so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n \n\n[Pre-Chorus: Lauv]\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy my dear\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\n[Chorus: Lauv]\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\n[Post-Chorus: Lauv]\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
Nice lyrics, good vocals, shitty drop, shitty song... the only good thing is Lauv singing
My new favorite song.
Fuck yeah , that's what I'm talking about it , amazing 😏💪
My new jam! This is awesome! Check out my a capella cover on my page https://youtu.be/HavaJMQgyG0 \nThank you!
Hit do Verão 2017 ❤❤ #DeuSnake
Fucking awesome!!!
Wtf was dat drop? Ruined the vocals
Pikadipoddipikadopadoddpikadipopo
drop disappoints hard
Tem brasileiros aquí?
#VimPeloGustavo!!! <3 AMEII
Speel 😪😴
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  \n─────────────────────────█──█──█  \n─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  \n────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  \n────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  \n──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  \n─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  \n▄█████████████────────────█─────█  \n██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  \n████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  \n██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  \n████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ \n███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ \n███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█   \n███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  \n███──────────────────█─────█────█  \n███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  \n████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  \n████────────██████────█────█────█  \n█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  \n██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  \n██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  \n─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  \n─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  \n──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  \n──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  \n─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  \n▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  \n█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  \n█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  \n█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  \n█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  \n█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  \n█───────────────█──────────────█  \n█▄─────────────██──────────────█  \n─█▄────────────█───────────────█  \n──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  \n─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  \n─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  \n─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
porque bloqueas turd down for what para españa 💔💔💔💔
great music Lauv is amazing :)
veri coooooooool
Dj Snake always surprises me!
Nice 😎😎
Otra obra maestra de dj snake
Olé
LYRICS : \n-I swear ill love you in a different way \n-Scoopnum, SKIDI KI POK POK  ratnum, oosna BBRRRRRAAAA
Dj snake did it again amzing
What is lit??????😀😉😁😊😂😋😃😎🤓🤓🤓🤓
Dj snake😍😍
<3
SICKKKK
D'la bombe !!
back
We Lauv DJ SNAKE!
LAUV😍
Booh bagidobido bido bibodo bodo \nBooh booh bagidobido bido bibodo bodo
https://youtu.be/5AJ1u6mrS6Y lyrics by boy yashu
COSTA RICA 👀💯🔥
pam dakita beata beat pam pam beata pediika debita freaking go pam dakita when da beat go debita pediika #thankmelater hhhhhhh
💙
That beatdrop be like - popoopoopinppkkppkoppoppoppoo ppoopiopimngjpppp popo
Dj 🐍
Finally Lauv is getting noticed!!! 😭🙌🏻💖
Nice 😍😍
its amazing
Totally different one
Nycccc@@@dj 🎖snake
ES UN PUTO TEMAZO
Loveeeeeeeee
a different drop
LAUV IT!
awosome veat
1:03 بابوبيغا بيدا بوباابو خخخخخ
DJ SNAKE ❤❤ YOUNG LEGEND
Ed sheeran co write this song 👏
Muito boooooom
I love you 😍❤
Vai BBBBrrrrrrr 💚💛💙💚💛💙💚💛💙
SO GOOD OMG 😍
Souvenir de son set sur l'arc de triomphe
Dj snake c'est le meilleure love love ❤😍
Links from this episode below! 👇 YOU CHOOSE the design I'll make in an upcoming episode - vote here! --- http://craftsy.me/2xclDDA\n\nGrab this chocolate carrot cake recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2fw0cWo\n\nGrab this cream cheese frosting recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2hbwUjt\n\nCheck out my steampunk molds on the episode roundup --- http://craftsy.me/2w44KJU\n\nRead up on what the crew is excited about for this season of Man About Cake --- http://craftsy.me/2wq6gu6
You should do a colab with Yolanda from how to cake it
make a cake with lots of Disney characters on it
It’s like Yo’s the Queen of cakes and you’re the King.
Can you make the kardashian birthday cake
I'm dying to see a Labyrinth themed cake!  My favorite movie of all time.
By Far the BEST stea\nm punk cake on YouTube!!!
I feel like I’m cheating on Yolanda
I would love to see a Montana theme! Maybe you could do a few states!
Pleaseee do a collab with Yo from How To Cake It
The only thing I dislike about this cake is the fact that the clocks both show different times.
Love love love!!!!! My favorite cake of yours!! And I want those clock molds so bad!!
Why does the cake rise only on the sides?
JJR - In a previous episode, i thought you said cream cheese melts fondant and therfore shouldnt be used as a crumb coat. But for the steam punk cake, which was awesome, you used cream cheese buttercream. Am i just making this up, or missing something, or both?
This cake is so cool looking. I agree when Nikita Holmes says to make an Alice in Wonderland cake.
You should do a collaboration with How To Cake It... I think you guys would be awesome!! Love your videos btw!! :)
Can you collaborate with Yolanda from How to Cake it??? Pleeease
Love it!!!! I have a obsession with clocks!
I think the crew members need to be in a video helping  him... :D
Can you make video games cake
I swear you're just a male version of Yolanda
WOOOOOAAAAHHHH! MONA LISA! YOU'RE GUARANTEED TO RUN THIS TOWN! WOOOOAAAAHH! MONA LISA! I'D PAY TO SEE YOU FROWWWWNN!
I love the bonsai tree cake!
please collaborate with HOW TO CAKE IT!!
Why can't you be original, this show is just like <How to cake it> not good!
I realized something\n\n\nWouldn't Brandon and Jocelyn(from how to cake it)  get along
Plzzz collab with how to cake it ❤ i love both your chanels so much
Omg! This is the mother of the cakes! It's beautiful just like everything you make ! But this!!!! This is raw!!
This video was amazing!\nSincerely,\nA new sub
This cake is ridiculously fabulous! As a former steampunker, I approve! Would you do a 12 tall Tardis cake?
Please do a collab with 'How to cake it' :)
I 💜 this! This might be my new fave  @manaboutcake
Please, you should collaborate with 'how to cake it'!!!! You two make the most amazing cakes!! :)
Yolanda Game \nHow to Cake it
You should totally find a way to be on the show cupcake wars, I know that cakes are your thing but u could be amazing on it!! You could definitely win with your wonderful cake ideas!!
YAY I MISSED YOU and your deliciousness. Oh and your cakes. 
😍😘
make something the kingsman themed!
Can you make like fandom cake?
Omgoodness! I made your chocolate carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting for a coworker's bday and it turned out FANTASTIC!! I only wound up using half the frosting for the cake, tho. The other half I slowly ate with a spoon over the course of the next month. It was delicious and amazing. I would also love if at some point you did a whimsy cake!
Brandon is the Jason of Man About Cake #GTLive
WOW that cake looks AMAZING!
YOOO I LOVE CHIPS TOO NEVER BE ASHAMED CHIPS ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are all pretty good, I wanna see all of them.
first video ive ever seen by them and im subbing already welp
I was so excited to stumble across your channel... until I realised that you're videos seem to totally be copying Yolandas (how to cake it) 🙁
do moana MOAAAANAAAAAAAAA
Lol I love the way he expressed punk
It'd be epic if you could do a collab with Yolanda (how to cake it). Also, here's a vote for a mad hatter/garden tea party cake. ❤️
Kind of Hopeing the bonsai tree cake wins. Mainly because A.) It could be a Green tea or different flavored tea cake, B.) The trees bushes could be lightly dusted in different colors so it can look seasonal and such, and C.)I really wanna see the out come of hat it will look like :D
I love that he eats his crumbs
This cake is amazing. My son asked me to comment for him and request a super hero cake. Really enjoy your channel.
Where can I find u cake recipes
A REPEATED SHIRT!!!! Is it me or has their shirts never been repeated before.... until now😂😂😂
Have you ever thought to do a collaboration with how to cake it?
can you plz make a kraken?? L🖤VE ur vids btw! i love cake (lol) and this is the first vid ive seen of yours and its absolutely magical how you let ur imagination flow but still keep that element of realism! 🖤 gonna go watch all your other vids now! KEEP UP THE DOPE VIDS
Looking for modeling chocolate recipe, please share...
Must've been time consuming to make
Can you make a harry potter cake!!!!!\nLike if you agree
Peoples asking him to collaborate with Yolanda, try to think about them and take a moment to look at their technique.. Sorry to say that but Yolanda is definitively more professional and meticulous and like using rules and measurement...\nI love him too, but it's like telling to Leonardo Da Vinci to work with Picasso.. I love both of them but they don't belong in the same god damn univers.\nI think both of them would not enjoy it at all...
Can you please collab with Yolanda a.k.a how to cake it.
Who remembers his food network days omg thats how i discovered you, my fave decorator ever!!
if you haven't already, you should collaborate with Yolanda Gampp on how to cake it
Super super super ammmazing... Never seen anything like this before..... Hats off JJR
Make a video with Yolanda from how to cake it please!!!!!!!!
I'd love it if you did a bachelorette party cake!!!
Why do you use corn starch on the modeling chocolate for some things, but powdered sugar for other parts? Is there any specific reason?
You should make an ombré cake that would look so cool💕
Can you make an Alice in Wonderland cake? :3
Nightmare before Christmas cake would be wicked
Can you make a golden egg cake from Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?!
I am going to be getting married soon, and I really want to bake my own cake.  Could you do a cake with the tools you would see in a standard kitchen?  (I.E no fondant, molding chocolate, or molds)
I missed you!!!!!! So happy you're back!!
Make a man out of cake
Will you be in the surprise box?
Can you make a motherboard\n cake
Halloween themed cake!!!
Ijustin
😍❤ Genio!!!!!
This cake is insane! Wow!!!
something anime related!!!!
I missed you guys!
bonsai cake pls!!!
Collab w\ Rosanna pansino plz I already reminded her
Amazing cake and amazin man show 👍👍👍👍
awesome... like always
Love it!
That is the COOLEST CAKE EVERRRR!!!!! 😎
pennywise 2017 👌👌
Oml your amazing
Hell yeahhh more video pliizzzzz
Il love  steampunk
واااااااو  waaaaaaaaaaaaw
I love it!!
Chocolate carrot cake? Um ew lol
A unicorn cake!! 🦄🦄🦄🦄
no bubble tea straw????!!!?!?!
