What's your take on Roger Nicoles?
Unpayable information! Thanks for this video.
Finally someone saying it in a forwardable video.
The Yamaha NX 10 has a frequency range from 60Hz - 20Khz, 60 Hz is really not deep enough for mixing, the deepest Note a normal E-Bass can play (E) is about 40 Hz.
So Katy Perry's and Coldplay's production quality is crap? \n\nEDIT: Okay so now in the middle of the vid, different hypothesis. Maybe because the two employed big time producers, who can't hear those high pitches so it wasn't in consideration.
Hello Michelle, notice me senpai!
This video is another reminder that bits & data are for the machines people...the machines..
First, I still listen to CD. Second, people who care enough can hear the difference between CD and mp3.
I agree with everything said in this video (especially regarding the quality of 320kb/s MP3), however MP3/AAC is not an archival format. When I purchase music, I want it in a future-proof format that can be transcoded without causing further harm to the audio. For that reason, please consider offering your music in lossless formats such as FLAC or WAV.
Do frequencies that you can't hear still interact with frequencies that you can hear? So even though a person can't hear above 14k is it necessary to expose the ear to the entire frequency range in case the inaudible frequencies impact what you can hear?
Can you hear the difference between a vinyl record and an mp3?
Can't tell if the following applies to her, but I've noticed that frequencies above like 10 kHz become drastically more difficult to hear when my hair is stuck between my ears and headphones!
I did the test, got 2/6 (although I did misclick one of them), which really just suggests I performed no better than randomly picking. Weirdly, I normally picked the 128 file over the 320 file.\n\nMy earphones aren't the greatest, but given I use these for casual music listening that really doesn't matter too much.
This was my first time trying something like this, I've always listened to mp3s and have never been dissatisfied; people who claimed to only listen to high quality audio seemed pretentious to me, but I suppose it's worth it to investigate. Thanks for making this video. \n\nI took the test multiple times and found I was able to get the Jay-Z and Katy Perry songs almost every time; I could hear the difference in the sub-bass. The other ones I missed almost every time. \n\nIf mp3 works as you described, cutting inaudible/nearly inaudible frequencies above and below the human hearing spectrum, then shouldn't only certain instruments be affected? I feel like the human voice one would lose the least when compressed, cause the voice literally evolved to be heard by the human ear; there isn't much to be cut, is there?\n\nMaybe DJs ought to use uncompressed audio to get a little bit more top and bottom out of big sound systems. Seems like classical or acoustic music wouldn't really benefit from being uncompressed, but these are just guesses.
Another brilliant, insightful and helpful video. Thanks for dispelling the myths, Rick! Love it!
Assuming people are using quality headphones or speakers.  Beatz by dre and earbuds don't have the resolution to pick out a good from bad recording.
I've heard rumor of a study done on different audio formats and the emotional effects on the brain. Have you heard anything of this study? I've tried to find it... but then again i haven't looked too hard. lol.\n\nthanks!
In my opinion this is very subjective. Just as compression used in mixing can be bad or good bit rate and and depth can also be. Even 8 bit files can sound better than 16 bit in certain cases. So, my philosophy is always go with the highest bit rate and depth reasonably possible. Rendering down is easy but rendering up is not techinaly possible. \n\nI took the test myself. I chose the uncompressed more often but even after knowing the bit rate my opinion did not change. That last song she did DID sound better at a lower rate in my opinion. Could even be the engineer mixed it so that it would sound better with mp3 compression. Actually, in fact that is something I've heard engineers discuss.\n\nOh and another point is that people do sample music from albums (obviously) and therefore will prefer a lossless format.
Please prepare better. You completely missed what is MP3. tha algorithm works different way than you said. the difference is audible. it just depends on yourr hearing and the hardware and the most important is the sound - the record You use. there is no reason to use MP3 today when disk space is cheap and internet is fast enough. MP3 should be forgotten.
My biggest issue w/ lower rate MP3s is that many songs end up w/ some weird phasing artifacts in the high end (cymbals, etc.) when listening through headphones or close spaced monitors.  Once the bit rate is above 192-256Kbps, most of those artifacts become less noticeable.
You may find Andy Clark's work in predictive coding (perception is a controlled hallucination) as a model from neuroscience applied to this discussion.   There are papers on the web.   Still reading the Sapolsky book here and arranging a new song before bringing in the guys (yeah, luvs my Guitare Pro) so haven't dug deep into Clark yet.   Still his ideas about priors and top down organization for predictive coding accord with other work .   Have a look in your copious spare time.\n\nRecommended your album to David Crosby this AM when he asked on his FB page about music to listen to on Music Monday.   Dunno if he took up the recommendation but being a lover of advanced harmony, he might.   Looked at the album on your page.  You named each piece for the scales?   Now THAT is academia, Dude.   Neat though.  Cheers.
Rudy Van Gelder, the great jazz recording engineer, recorded great albums well into his 80s.
Thanks for your honesty on this. I consider myself to have a pretty good ear, and I'd concede that in the realm of digital audio, there's a certain threshold re: the sample rate where once you get above that threshold, any difference I hear is likely psychosomatic. I contend that I can often hear the difference between a 128 and a 320 mp3, but even then it largely depends on the music itself and what kind of audio information it contains. Something with a lot of splashy or crispy cymbals, for example, can suffer from compression artifacts at 128.
HI Rick\n\nFirst time commenting on one of your videos.  Thanks for this.  I know there are a lot of people that don't understand that the quality of digital encoding is what is most important.  Yes, to most people listening to a 320K mp3 will be indistinguishable from a wav or flac encoding of the same source.\n\nMy personal preference is to go with flac files, not because of any audiophile bs, but because I can hear minor differences depending on the original source.  I bring up this as a point because it is interesting.  I took that NPR test when it came out and got 5 out of 6 correct. I can't remember if it was Katy Perry or Coldplay I got wrong, but it was one of those two.\n\nThe thing that I found most interesting was that the recordings that were definitely analog sources (Perahia and Neil Young) were actually easy to tell the difference.  The ones that were digital sources (Coldplay, Katy Perry) were more difficult...  And I was left wondering how many of the factors around the differences. (IE, digital vs analog source recording, time periods during which the recordings were made, and differences in studio recording and mastering techniques).\n\nThe Suzanne Vega track is an interesting one, which I would have thought most people would get wrong, given it's role as a model in the development of the MP3. And yet, many people seem to be able to tell the difference with that track.
I prefer lossless / FLAC..I absolutely can tell the diff but only because I’m a guitar player & hobbyist producer
You and Scott Grove ( Groovy Music Lessons) should get together and do a show. I imagine it like Car Talk on NPR.
I record at 96kHz so all the frequencies I can't hear can be used to annoy cats and dogs. I record at 24bit so that uncompressed, Tchaikovsky's 1812 overture will immediately cause tinnitus. Problem?
It's interesting that the two that she got wrong are modern, digital, height-of-the-loudness-war tracks, while 3/4 of the ones she got right are pre-2000, originally-recorded-on-tape songs. Including, of course, Tom's Diner, which was the standard that Brandenburg used to create the mp3 format. I'd even guess that the mastering on Dark Horse and Speed of Sound were specifically designed to sound ~perfect~ all the way down to 128kbps, while the Neil Young, Murray Perahia and Suzanne Vega tracks would have been mastered within the limitations of the analogue domain and suffered as a result of increasing levels of file compression after being digitised later on.
Rick putting things in perspective. People can get lost in all the numbers and technical info, which is important and if you work with audio it's info you have to know, but it should not get in the way of what really matters which is Does it sound good? Is the sound coming out of the speakers/earphones making me FEEL something?. Great vid Rick!
I am one of those people with golden ears. It's not all that great though: They weigh more than my head, and I can hear F*** all. On the plus side, I don't have to worry about corrosion and they look cool.
Awesome video Rick.   Words could not be more true.  People who get on with this BS drive me crazy.  But I understand why it happens.  What soneone hears is completely biases based on what they know or see regarding the source in question.  In Mix With The Masters JJP said how much 24.44.1 sounds MUCH  better than 24.48 and he can tell the difference every time.   I literally laughed out loud.  I believe that he actually believes this is true.  BUT...in a blind test I would bet my life he or anyone else could ever tell.  Most of these people also spend most of their time talking about music and gear rather than making it as well.\n\nAnyways.  Great video as alwsys.  There internet needs more videos like this to combat all the silliness and misinformation.
I think 66% is pretty good, I’m impressed.\nIt looks like definitely she can hear a difference. Some tracks can even sound “more pleasant” to the ear when compressed, think of a filtered picture. So the fact that she didn’t guess right doesn’t mean that she couldn’t tell the difference
Thanks, that was really insightful - could you also cover the other formats and what their purpose is? MP3/ACC/OGG
I think its all about the mood created, example: I don't like Jazz or Trumpet players,.. BUT!!! every time I listen to a MILES DAVIS recording,... I get blown away,... something he was able to do with music (tones, frequency's, timing, meters, dissonance, silence, quiet sounds, loud sounds,... ect.) is just mind blowing to me.
Uuugh - The Yamaha NS10 is an industry standard because it has fast timing and sound awful - If it sounds good on them then it sounds good on anything, thats the point of them. You should know that at your age.
There's always going to be a difference between an mp3 and a .wav. To say otherwise would be to lie to yourself. You can't fool nature's law. \n\nHowever, as to which one sounds better is all in the ear of the beholder. I personally like the YouTube version of Meshuggah's Rational Gaze better than right off the album.\n\nSue me.
I dont believe many people could tell the difference between 44.1k and 96k after mastering but definately MP3 especially on a large system with big subwoofers and extended highs. I have found most headphones arent the same in this sense for some reason.
Interesting video. Snobbish audiophiles remind of people who claim to know good wine. I wonder how well they'd be able to identify wines if we switched labels and price tags, etc.
Subscribing!!!
Flawed test
Surprisingly, I earned 4/6.
Useless!
Great video
No one uses CD players any more? Last time I looked CDs were responsible for about 50% of the music industry's revenue - significantly more than downloads. I wonder what people are doing with all these CDs if they don't have a CD player.
Hi Rick. I too went to audio engineering school around 2004. We were extremely fortunate to have Mr. Rupert Neve come and give us a presentation specifically on sound quality. The short version is they studied brain activity (PET scan I think) as a person listed to the same song from record, CD and mp3. The results were very interesting. Records showed the highest brain activity followed by CD and mp3. In fact as the quality decreased, parts of the brain that fire when you are irritated stared to show up. The thought is the human ear can't hear above roughly 20K so CDs have a brick wall filter at 22.5k and MP3s do something similar. My understanding is records go all the way up to 96 k. They determined that although we can't hear the extra frequencies, they think our brain perceives them and knows they are there. The brain kind of fills in the blanks so to speak. When those frequencies were removed, irritation part of the brain started showing more and more activity. Just thought it was kind of relevant to the topic.
Your evidence is presented on Youtube, with its lossy audio compression not taken into account.\nWhat a waste of bandwidth!\nI'm just pleased that I haven't wasted any time listening to it :)
Just to be clear, you're doing the test on $50 headphones? Get some Audeze LCD-X & try again ;)
Why bother with lossy compression ( a flac is around 30 megabytes) when you can get a 400 gb microsd card? Just makes absolutely no sense to use those any longer.
Just an observation about your use of terminology: 44.1Khz is a sample rate whilst 320 kbp/s is a bitrate: the two things are different and not mutually exclusive. The latter will usually (although not exclusively) also be 44.1 kHz. Apologies if anyone else has already made this point, but there were 578 other comments at the time of writing....
You are comparing the data bit rate (320 kb/s) to a sampling frequency (44.1 KHz).  These are different things.
I'm sorry.. I'm an audiophile and I've been all about music quality for as long as I can remember. I can say yes, I can tell the difference in quality. With good headphones, the difference between WAV and mp3 are noticeable when you listen for it. The difference I hear is that the high ends get washed out and there is dramatically less bass. Also, with the mp3 file, there is far less spread; It sounds narrow. Hearing for the spread is kinda the only way to hear any difference between 320kpbs and WAV.
I did the NPR test and failed miserably (using AKG K271 headphones plugged into a Steinberg UR22 interface).\nInteresingly enough, there is one song where I can reliably identify the 128kbps file and it is the Coldplay one.\nThis song has a lot of high frequency noise (an overamplified kind of sound) which is less apparent in the compressed file.\nThis actually makes the low quality mp3 sound better, which might explain why Michelle picked it.\nWhat do you think, Rick?
dude, the difference between 128 and wave, heard on a PA, is absolutely massive. don't believe me? go try it.
You can hit the bombs back at the Broodal when she's dropping bombs everywhere. It won't knock her hat off but it will end the phase sooner.
Okay then, the movement in this game looks super cool.
ONLY. TWO. WEEKS.
Awesome speed run! The hat throw is going to be really broken!
Oh shit watching these demo speedruns are my new favorite thing now
I can tell this was at target from the walkie noise
You wasted so much time waiting for the Broodal to finish her UFO phase. If you throw Cappy at one of the bombs she drops, it will hit her and knock her out of the sky, ending the phase like 5 seconds earlier.
They should just give you a free copy
Well done... can't imagine what you'll accomplish with the final game.
I love learning how to master how Mario controls in 3D Mario games and watching this speedrun only made me more excited to play Odyssey.
Holy shit\nThere is already a speed run of this game
In Super Mario 64 we had long jump spamming. In Super Mario Sunshine we had dive spamming. Now in Super Mario Odyssey we have rolling spamming. History repeats itself.
My target had the demo, and when I started it, the TV was at like max volume or something. Mario yelled “SUPA MARIO ODISEE” on it, and everyone within 30 feet of me stopped and stared at me
When you're an expert at a game that hasn't even come out yet.
i love how mario is sonic now
This was from the Gamecity in Vienna right?
Jesus, the game isn't even released yet.
He was born here
The speed-running potential for this game is insane and it’s not even out yet
Make an eshop demo Nintendo!
Wow how often did you play this demo?
I already like how this Mario handles much more than in galaxy or any recent Mario games. He seems like he's more like 64 or sunshine Mario that was a lot quicker, and the dive is back!
3:35 THAT MOVEMENT THO
0:21 Mario jumping Trump's wall.
Oh boy I can't wait until TAS videos of this game begin to come out
That part where he ditches the path and takes the bullet bull to the moon fragment killed me!
this guy did NOT set up a tripod in the middle of Target... did he?
Excuse me but where did you play this at?
How can you rush such a fantastic game :(
My target has no demo ;(
Definitely one or two things that could’ve been done a second faster, but overall this is pretty good. As someone who wants to speedrun this game myself, I can’t wait to get a hold of the game and start learning the controls. Also want to test a few things to see what can and can’t be done for skips, glitches, and overall time saves.
Speedrun of demo...
Nice run dude! Looks like the rolling is super efficient as I've thought!
I hate how they nerfed the long jump, I was fine with it in Galaxy but its called a long jump for a reason
There's actually a demo of this game out there?
SO. FUCKING. EXCITED. I mean fire emblem warriors will be good n all. but odyssey is where it's at
THANKYOU for this content! good movement was all I wanted to see but it's nowhere
There are no bad points in this game now!
This is giving the game some really good publicity
I think ground pounding on her head would've wrap the broodal fight up in just two hits.
So far the game isnt out and I can see the speedrunning possiblities are going to be amazing THUMBS UP!!
Dang the game isn’t even out and yet people are already speed running it.
Idk if this is true but I noticed that when you get close to her she’ll back up then attack a lot faster than just waiting for to attack
I can already see this will be great for speedrunning from this alone
this game is going to be so awesome to speedrun, especially 100% run
When you hang out all day at Circuit City playing the demos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4OYXpKxHT4&t=7m52s here is the bomb reflect people are talking about.
I hope speedruns like this stay a thing when the game comes out. 10 min challenges and what not. It'd be fun to watch lol
Basically it's Mario spindashing at sanic speed.
The game is not even out yet and there is a speed run of it XD
How do you do the constant rolling?
I hope this starts a trend.
Holy fuck you are a psycho at this props to u
Damn dude. Great job! Where did u do this?
wow fast make new video
ROLLING AROUND AT THE SPEED OF WAHOO.
Rolling around at the speed of sound. Oh wait wrong series...
i subscribed & i turned on the notification bell on, when you buy the game when it comes out speedrun it, your gameplay was smart af.
america is so lucky damn
Ohhh god, I actually can’t wait for this game to come out just for the speed runs
Holy fuck you’re really good!
And 3:29 SUPER MARIO GALAXY RETURNS
Why do  you Always throw cappy before a Dive  even  when you are not Diving into cappy?
CoolCat Moon Get CoolCat
Congrats on World Record.
lmao
guiijiii!
Amazing speedrun!
12 days til' Christmas!
What?!
Dude\n\nWhat the fuck
daaaaamn man. Nice!
Awesome!
Nice run mate
0:04 sanic gotta go fast
Nice
But first we need to talk about parallel universes.
Kool
Great.\nNow do it in 0.5 a presses.
Not fair! The demo at my target ended at 2:25
How do you get this demo?
What buttons do you press to do the rolling move??\n\nAlso what buttons allow you to get back to your hat once you have thrown it?
This is so damn absurd and I love it. This game is gonna make my year.
How do you get the demo
I'm worried that the game seems rather empty due to the expansive landscapes not being more filled with objects.
you odyssey this game its amazing
And how did you get the demo?
These speed runs make this feel like a true successor to super Mario 64. \nI'm sure some would prefer Galaxy or Sunshine, but this takes the cake.
this is a record that cannot be broken after the demo stands are beeing removed, you set an unbeatable world record! :D good job
Imagine the poor souls waiting their turns in line behind this guy
Why can't they have a demo on the switch?? Not in target or Best Buy of Walmart or anything...
These demos being speedrunned only makes me realise that if the 3D mario game after Odyssey DOES NOT HAVE a cappy equivalent (in terms of jumping toolset), the game will be automatically inferior.
There is an imperfecto ruler right now and nobody gets it either.
Omg I love this Cliff guy so much! So full of energy and you can really tell he loves his work. I wanna be like Cliff when I grow as old as he is.
TOPOLOGY SNOOP DOGG BACK AT IT! WHAT A PIMP
I looked for this ruler on google. Haven't found anything. Does anyone have an image of the ruler, that can be easily printed? Thanks!
If every number times zero equals zero and every number times infinity equals infinity, what is zero time infinity?
3:25 Not only double 17, the ruler also less 1 mm mark.
NUMBERPHILE PLEASE READ THIS COMMENT\nCould you do a video about the number 672? That would be amazing
Is there somewhere I can print off the offset sheet and ruler?
What is an iphone guy?
Infectious enthusiasm! Love teachers like this. This is how to make learning fun.
Who is this guy? So funny! :D
This guy is straight outta the creed. Nothing is true; everything is permitted.
bless this man
We must know, we will know. I could not agree more!
**goes to my locker to check if my ruler isn’t duplicating numbers**
I've got a question, but first let me set the scene. \n\nSo, I was calculating the limit of x->4 of (x²-2x-8)/(4x-x²) this would equal -1,5. Of course if x=4 there would not be a y-value because you would divide by 0. So wondered what it would look like if you zoom in on the the point A(4;-1,5). I took my calculator (TI-84 plus CE-T), put in the function and started to zoom in. Eventually I started to see something that looked like random spikes in the line.\n\nSo my question is: why does this happen?
For some reason this guy reminds me of Scott Bakula.
what is 1110 to the power of 1111 ?
You are cruel! I love it.
He missed a couple of assumptions:  Even if you caught the two 17's on the ruler, whose to say the ruler is calibrated correctly?  And if you're using the other sheet of paper to check squareness, you better know that your source sheet is also square.
Legend has it that his brain is a Klein bottle
Awwwww, Metriiic!  Do I have toooooo!?\n\nI don't know how I would have handled this as a student.
I would conjecture that the likely enduring memory of his students would not relate to mathematics, but rather be something along the lines of, Trust less.
theres holes in the paper
I think if you get Cliff Stoll and Matt Parker together, tell them go off come up with something together in secret, you have 3-12 months, as needed, the result would be *spectacular!*
Hey Numberphile, so I found this geometric puzzles called Euclidea. You can feature some problems there. It will be interesting to watch mathematicians doing that game.
That guy is a beauty
Make a model of the paper and measure the paper with photographs and electron beams and write some simple software to measure the output and report on surface area. Measure model map I always say. Thanks for the Hilbert quote. We will know!!
Can you fill a klein bottle with watter?
I don't really know about doing an integral, but couldn't I just measure and subtract the area of the triangles that are made when the papers are lined up? 1:45
HOW DID HE EXPLAIN OWNING AN IPHONE I NEED TO KNOW
I would use a scanner to determine the area. Would just need to determine how much area each pixel is.
Great video! Having that sort of mentality can get you into trouble at work sometimes, people just want instant results these days and consider curiosity a waste of time. I just had a shitty day at work because of that and I feel better now knowing there are different people out there.
I feel like noticing the trapezoid paper (and the innacurate ruler) is one of the few things that would be easier in American units, because our papers are all 8.5x11, so when you start measuring and it's 8.45x10.9, something's wrong. If it's 8.45x9.9, there's something very wrong.
Can numberphile make a video on infinity - infinity =π
It was Hilbert: Wir müssen wissen, wir wereden wissen, in response the the Latin maxim igroamus et ignorabimus (we do knot know and we will not know).\n\nI hate not being able to solve a puzzle. It will consume me until I know. This is a trait I have in common with a very large number of scientists and engineers. I think it's innate rather than taught. Some people are happy not to know.
Paper size nerd. The second he gave the measurements, I knew something was off.
Cliff both looks like and has the same speech patterns as Rick Sanchez.
How on earth can he forget Hilbert's name?
Cliff, if you teach a math class at school, I would gladly drop everything and go back to school, that school to be specific
This was exactly how I got a job as a sound tech in college! They asked why I wanted the job with no experience, I just said, every time I walk by a sound board, I want to know what all those knobs do.\nThe real answer was that I didn't want to work in the dish pit, but I got in regardless.
My first thought was the ruler tbh.
This guys brain is wired just like mine
I like that feeling
I want to ask that guy a question
Is the Earth pear shaped?
Why don’t more teachers do this? You know, make students think. This man is brilliant.
So enthusiastic about his work.. I Really like him...mathematically speaking..
have he done a video about everyone is 7 handshakes away from the president? i found that odd
i love this guy
This man looks like Einstein on weed
Acting outlandishly can get you a fair bit of mileage.
I thought that one of the interpretations would include measuring the depth of the paper by folding it and using the depth to find the area of its edge-like sides.
He should be collecting royalties off Dr. Emmett Brown.
the moment I saw the homework assignment, I immediately thought that I would measure it by attempting to cut a shape of known area, and weighing that piece. Then weighting the whole sheet and multiplying by the known mass per a unit of area (this is how we used to do it for figuring the area under a chromatography trace.)\n\nFor the sides, I was thinking I would cut the paper into several pieces and stack them, to get the thickness of the paper, but I am not sure how precisely the cut edge of the paper matches its thickness.
Clifford Stoll is a Ph.D. astronomer. But back in 1986, while employed as a systems administrator at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Stoll investigated a tenacious hacker, one who stole $0.75 of computer time (back when you had to rent computer time-no one owned computers back then)—later identified as a KGB agent—who stole passwords, pirated multiple computer accounts, and attempted to breach US military security. \n\nStoll was tenacious and needed to KNOW even then-I mean, how many people would devote months trying to find a $0.75 accounting error?\n\nAfter identifying the intrusion, Stoll set up a honeypot for Hess, eventually tracking him down and passing details to the authorities. It is recognized as one of the first examples of digital forensics. He described the events of his investigation in The Cuckoo's Egg: Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage, which was a huge international best seller, and is an excellent book that I highly recommend.
For a moment I thought I was watching Julias Sumner Miller. Those were the days.
i was a little sad about my future, but after i watched this, it encouraged me.
This guy is what indiana jones would look like when teaching
Cliff is great, would have liked to have had him as a teacher for sure. Enthusiasm is important
This is beautiful, Cliff
I want to be his student
Great advice for youngsters, and others too.
I actually hired someone not once, but twice for two different companies because he said in the first interview “I don’t know, but I know I can figure out the problem if I had more time and the right tools.” This was after he tried to trouble shoot a timed, and impossible to solve, hardware problem (yes I rigged it).
I love him so much 💗💗💗
His students are lucky.
Amazing!
I loved this!! What an awesome guy! And super interesting
This guy should have a TV show only for himself
How is this man still not knighted?
I still don't know how to meassure the paper properly now.
This guy is AMAZING !!!!
I knew he was probably gonna tell me that measuring a piece of paper may not be as streight forward as I think... but this.. I didn't expect this..... awesome.
and no students notices that with that definitely Trumpfakish ruler, the usual 20x27cm sheet of paper measured... 20x26cm ;-) (check on the video)
This video probably had a larger impact on me than 4 years of high school teachers. Education is so much more than standardized tests and memorization. It's about learning how think and feel and react. This was beautiful.
This 5 minute video conveys a sense of scientific rigor so amazingly well!\nI love this so much, I emailed it around the intro physics lab department at my university yesterday morning.  This morning, we're talking about maybe using this as the first lab of the fall semester for next year's program.\n8th grade?  The lessons in this video apply at all levels of research.
o didn't think you'd be an iPhone guHILBERT DAVID HILBERT
That's really educational!\nBtw, I was unintentionally expecting a cry of Great Scott lol
He goes on about the desire to know things, only to go all around trying to find that mathematician's name. That's one way to show you stick to your philosophy!
3:50 This is something that comes natural in CERTAIN areas. For some people its science others its math, others its English.
Find the minimum value of (10a+13)^1/2+(10b+15)^1/2 given that a+b=10
This is the kind of teacher I aspire to be.
Can Cliff Stoll be my professor?  Please?
Just like Doc Brown: kinda crazy, totally enthusiastic. Lovely.
Homework every night? No thanks
1.21 jiggawatts
Yes.
Savage Klein bottle guy
We love parker square!
This guy is sooo cool.
Klien bottle guy!
Fantastic
Do modulo inverse plssss :”((
Real life Doc. Brown
This is sooooo cooooool!!!!
What a delightful person.
Cliff rocks!
YAYYYY CLIFF!!!
Amazing! :D
great advice! I was caught.\ner. why two '17' on the ruler? lol. about the wrong 'tool' to use?
Please let this mean there's a Line Rider revival on the horizon!
I love how everything just falls to shit towards the end when he falls off the sled.
donate your talent to me
Oh my god! That was incredible! Kudos to you, buddy!
Absolutely amazing! I don't know why but I just had the biggest grin on my face watching this, truly entertaining and spectacularly well done :)
You may have too much time on your hands.... but take my subscribe man
What the fuck am I watching?
omg i havent seen this game in so long, i didnt expect this <3
Whoever made this is either a genius or completely insane
This is just brilliant
I loved this! Tripping and rooting for the little guy. Amazing.
This kind of sucks. I could do it in my sleep. What kind of novice actually thinks this is good? Honestly.
this is so pleasing
HOW CAN U DISLIKE THIS, ITS SO GOOD OMG
This should replace all of those The Most Satisfying Video! compilations.
Were the numbers to keep track of the measures or something
Someone just reloaded this video, they have no subs but i'd want to let you know anyway\nhttps://youtu.be/bKuI6AyhDvI
Made more sense than a conductor's baton
This is very well done, thanks for the happy diversion.
What year is it? 2008?
What the FUCKKK THAT WAS AMAZING
Hooooooooooollllyyyy CRAP! HOW did this not trend?! Just HOW?! or did I somehow, someway MISS this beautiful piece of art? BRAVO my dude, bravo!
And to think all I ever did was make a hellish mass of lines to try to glitch the dude
Knowing how hard Line Rider can be to work with, I'm totally blow away by this. This was incredible
I will never be able to get my 2mins and 45 secs Back smh
That was one of the most satisfying things I think I've ever seen...
Damn that was incredible, you’ve got a whole lot of talent to do something like this, timing everything within an acceptable amount of time!
Haven't seen line rider since freshman year back in 2007. Noice!
As someone who has _ZERO_ patience with this game, that was impressive.
my god at first i was like ok this is cool. but then i was just like dear god this man has taken your place
ive only ever played the ds version of line rider, which sucked
I've never watched anything better.
Wish my line rider creations were this amazing.
I watch a metric butt-load of vids, but very rarely upvote. Please take my upvote and wear it with pride. Incredible.
Brilliance comes in many forms.
All in favor of making this the opening piece for Fantasia 2020?
A N X I E T Y
I hope you could make money off of this!  I totally forgot this game existed!
Jesus fuck this is good
Wow this still exists? Brings back memories of when I was younger :D I haven't played this in like 10 years lol
this is actually art
Name of the game?
This was so entertaining omg
Not only did you bring back so many forgotten memories from my days of elementary school, but you also created a crazy awesome track. Bravo!
This is legitimately some clever shit. I can only imagine how long it took to put this together so perfectly.
what the fuck im so impressed
This is one of the best things I’ve ever seen
How much free time could you possibly...
I have a 50 point project due tomorrow and this is what i'm spending my time on...
Uh at the end, there’s supposed to be five lines.
now *this* is classic Youtube content
Me when I enter a group chat where someone was getting roasted for the past 30 mins.
I challenge you to do Camille Saint-Saens's Danse Macabre. XD
this is so cute
Idk why but this reminds me of geometry dash
His was the most amazing thing I've ever seen xD
This is just majestic.
2:35 THE STAFF IS SUPPOSED TO HAVE 5 LINES\n\n\n\n\n\nsrsly this is amazing
2:05 that guy must have lost half his body on that ground slide
ok but I want to know if the measure numbers and the dynamics are accurate to the actual music
I'm not really sure what I just watched but it was kind of entertaining, and I think I liked it?...
You've turned line rider into an advanced art form. I have no words for this, it was a truly mind-boggling experience
This is stupid insane, great job mate
That is amazing!!! Actually, the fact that it *only* took you a month is pretty impressive.
This is so on point I wonder how long this took
I don't know how I got here but I did\n\nAnd I am very much glad that I did
This made me so irrationally happy. Every time little sled guy would hit a note, I would just smile wider. :D
are you a percussionist? it's so synchronized
This is skill.\n\nYou're amazing.
The best ever
Damn.
I.... I....
Fantastic
smh
That was breathtaking!
This simply resembles life
The sled came 1st
Nice
fucking new sub
THAT WAS AMAZING!
He shifted into maximum overdrive.
That was fucking amazing, wow
This was art
Mastapiece
HOLY CRAP THAT WAS FREAKING EPIC!!!!!    WELL DONE DUDE!!!!!
soooooooo good
Most satisfying.
that was very satisfying
Very impressive but ca... Crap! Wrong channel.
I... I... wha...???
*CLAPPING*
Whoa
Pure Genius! LOVED IT !!
beautiful
This is legendary....
That was amazing
Awesome.
Did he died
Amazing, pure genius. Great work!
Bravo!
This dude is  unbelievable.
Carrie & Lowell Part 2: Electric Boogaloo
this is literally just a sonic fusion of age of adz and carrie and lowell lol
Wallowa Lake Monster debuted at #8 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kwo_Ucs-wc4&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkMCVtuXEIz5BXpPfycTwsS5&index=8
That verse melody is quite something...
Stunned by the beauty of this song
more proof that carrie & lowell could've been his oregon album
Subaru Sedans is at it again.\ni can bet he is not using *A U T H E N T I C VIEWS D O T C O M* to get views \nas he is talented
a 10 minute edit of the outro \npls
The lyrics of this song make me think of a family losing their mother to alcoholism. Additionally, it is sung very beautifully.
I NEED A MYSTERY OF LOVE!!!!
The beauty of this song makes up for my disappointment that the new release is not Mystery of Love
I'm from Wallowa lake and the lake monster is actually a real urban myth from the Nez Perce Tribe I was told growing up:) this makes me so happy.
+1 if sufjan makes you cry like a baby
Now I am adding Wallowa Lake to my bucket list and putting this song on repeat when I am there
Thank you, beautiful Sufjan xx you break my heart every day but you somehow make it sweet and glorious to feel the aches and agonies of being alive. I love you x
when i am listening one of the sufjan's songs i feel like i am the most depressed person on all world.and i dont know why but i love that feeling
when i first saw the song's title, i really thought it would be a single for the Oregon album
<3
His voice whispering those beautiful words into my ears in the darkness of my bedroom with that music! Holding my tears (sad/joyful) until he says no oblation will bring her back to our place. God bless you Sufjan!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Spathiphyllum, cedar waxwing, and charybdis all in one song about a mother. This may be my favorite of Carrie and Lowell. \nHear me, my chiefs. I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more, forever.\n-Chief Joseph of the Wallowa
fuck you this is depressing as fuck
Oh! Miss Sufjan, you shouldn't have!
the beginning is like a softer version of weird fishes
My heart is about to break again
The brass and strings in this song sound similar to those in some parts planetarium
More of Carrie and Lowell is always welcome
Between God and mortals, there is Sufjan Stevens. Pure magic.
Subaru Stevens back on his shit
I was just at Wallowa Lake last weekend! Beautiful place.
Woah... Haven't gotten these Age of Adz vibes in a long time... But seamlessly blended with with Carrie and Lowell magic.
Yo this is depressing as shit.
omg this was exactly what I needed, bless u Sufjan
This is what genius sounds like.
Heard this yesterday, for the first time. Thanks Gorilla vs. Bear! So beautiful!
Sounds like something exactly between C&L and Planetarium. Bless him.
the second half straight up beat me up, this is so good
I don't know how he managed to make me cry with all his songs.
Holy shit this is beautiful, can't wait!!!
i thought it was mystery of love...this is better
♥
This guy is a genius
The 3-minute outro is bringing me to fucking tears. Greatest artist alive, without a doubt.
is this a nylon banjo?
It's hard to believe that I've loved Sufjan for 12 years now.
Thank you thank you so much for releasing it on my birthday ❤
Man I used to swim in wallowa lake all the time as a kid.
Been a fan since time began. Keep inspiring creative genius!
what a beautiful slow drift of an ending
I never clicked a video so fast and I was not disappointed
This is hypnotic. Just gorgeous.
just heard this today on the radio tripped me out hard core
Boy, another goosebumps attack, just like the first time I heard the entire Carrie & Lowell album :')
Had a crappy day. This made it better
*this is wine to my ears - both bitter and sweet at the same time*
Thank you, yet again Sufjan, for saving my life
Sufjan I would do anything for you
Sufjan been listening to some BOC
monsters showing their face = 2017
2:13 I melt
Gawd I love him
1:54 AAAAAAAHHHHHH I LOVE YOU SUBARU
cara eu te amo demais
Amazing!! So inspiring Suf!!!!
more pls
I'm ded.
Terima kasih banyak. Terima kasih.
💕
Im wet.
Sufjan Stevens is online
Sad boi hours :'(
❤️
Horribly, disgustingly prim
goosebumps.
Maravilhosa
eu te amo tanto pirra
<3 mood
amazing <3
Ohhhh Sufjan 😍
so good :)
O boy❤
Sufj you killin me fam!!!
Beautiful, ethereal. Takes me to heavens.
Standard Sufjan....SUPERB!
HOLY FUCK WHAT??
‘Trending’
Beautiful song Sufjan, thank you, thank you again
beauuuuutiful!
I fucking love you Sufjan❤❤
Exquisite Sufjan. I love you.
The Greatest Gift is Sufjan Stevens himself. An angel in our midst, singing to God for all of us.
this song is like half carrie and lowell, half age of adz
Sufjan Stevens is my favorite musician because he is artsy
is he gonna release more music soon?
this is where sufjan is at his best ... stripped back, folk-y, vulnerable. love it.
not much moved me to tears but blue bucket of gold live.  until this... and now it all makes me cry.  in a good way\n...I think.  well it's beautiful isn't it.
Sufjan, it's hard to tell if you're a better poet or a musician. Absolutely incomparable genius
In 1885, a prospector, who wished to keep his identity a secret, was about midway across the lake when he saw an animal about fifty yards to the right of his boat. The animal reared its head and neck out of the water about 10 feet, paused, then quickly dove back into the water.
18 days left.
I LOVE YOU MY ANGEL💕💕💕
Please do a beauty routine
OMG I just saw my babe in a horror movie trailer 😭❤️❤️
Will season 2 be on Netflix
You should do some Riverdale recaps every two weeks and it should be a game
PLEASE GIVE US MORE Q&A’S WITH OTHER MEMBERS OF THE CAST! 💜💜💜💜
wait kj actually broke his hand???
I really wanna see you do more videos with the cast
this girls facial shape reminds me of selma gomez which means this=she won't age well. enjoy the time u have reddy
Can you please do a workout video!!!!!!!!
Riverdale is my favorite show EVER! I love the cast there all so funny and nice! I wish i could meet all of you!
To answer your question about this “STAN” thing, listen to “STAN” by Eminem and Dido or watch the video.  It’s about the biggest fan of Slim Shady that’s gone too far.  And by the way, it’s one of my favorite songs from Eminem.  Peace!  Love you!  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
Can you do a work out routine P.s. your so pretty
Do a video about your vegan lifestyle!!! What you eat in a day, why you became vegan, etc!
Only if you know x
Did Veronica's butler shoot Fred Andrews? - GOOD THEROY XD
Do a video with Cole or Casey please!!!!
PLS DO THE WHISPER CHALLENGE WITH ANYONE FROM THE CAST
ok but if ur new love interest isnt toni istg...it better be someone good at least ;)
cant believe he broke his hand for real...he wasnt supposed to right!?
This show completes my highschool experience in uk. \nHot teacher student relationship\nCheryl and her scary shit\nRomance love\nAnd gangster shit....what more could u want?
i love you and i love riverdale ❤💖
Wait what, he actually broke his fucking hand
OMG!!! You are such an amazing person! I think I would literally cry if you replied! You seem so nice and not to mention you are the most AMAZING actor every!!!
Are you friends with adelaine kane
Am I the only one getting serious pedo vibes from hyrm???
Love you and Riverdale from Romania❤
LOL!! I had the dress that you said was your favorite its from Lord And Taylor and at first when I saw you wear it on the show I'm like omg I have that!LOLL I love u!!
I just got to watch it yesterday because I was able to get The CW app and I don't have cable or satellite TV. Also one of my best friends is super obsessed with Riverdale like I am and I don't think she got to watch it yet :D She's gonna be so jealous lol :)
DID KJ ACTUALLY BREAK HIS HAND FOR THAT SCENE HOLY SCHNITZEL
Kj actually broke his hand?! Jeez, you guys go all out for this show! Haha, probably why it's so amazing. ❤
My sisters a natural red head and for some reason she never gets cold ...
do a q&a every month for riverdale
can you do a video for a Cheryl Blossom inspired Halloween costume? Love you!!
When i was going to watch Happy Death Day, I saw the trailer to the movie you're in for a good second in the theaters
Do a makeup tutorial💕💕💕💕 i was soo shocked and emotional on s2 ep 1 😭😭😭
can you play a game of truths with some cast members that haven’t been on your channel yet?? love you!
I love you & im so proud of you ! Im obsessed with riverdale!
Now i can finally know what it was already on
MAKE A VIDEO WITH KJ
WAIT KJ ACTUALLY BROKE HIS HAND FOR THAT SCENE
Please do review with Lili
Can u plz make a video with kj and let him teach you New Zealand slang and some samoan words😊it would be cool for you to do that❤️
yes, we redheads are more sensitive, but also have higher tolerance.
YAYY I love you and Travis so much!!♥♥ why don't you make some kind of challenge video with him? ilysm!
Wait so KJ actually broke his hand?
Can you do a draw my life or 20 facts about me video next
do a makeup tutorial for cheryl for your next video!! :)
It’s so weird to see her without red lipstick
What do you like and hate about the people you work with on Riverdale
What about make up routine or skin care?
Aren’t you in f the prom .??
When's the second season on Netflix???
Looking forward to more Riverdale related videos! 💕
Do a boyfriend tag!! You two are so cute!
Make a video with Cami and Lili !!! I love Riverdale !! 💙😱💎
Did kJ seriously break his hand
Please do a video with Lili! Thank you sooo much Mads.x
ilysm mads😘😘😘😘 your so beautiful and an amazing actor, i love Cheryl so much even if she is a little crazy😂 i’m sad i don’t get to come see you in dallas. i love you and i hope i get to meet you one day❤️❤️❤️
i'd love some more vlogs from you!! :)
Wait? Did KJ REALLY broke his hand? Like his own hand?
Ur one of my favourite characters in riverdale ❤️
Yessss, please do more videos with the cast members! Btw I loved episode one! ( I already watched it twice lol)
When is season 2 going on Netflix
Your intro was fearless I had shiverss
you're so fun!!! I love you!!
CAN you do a video with Cole:*,Cami,Kj pleaseee
any video with a riverdale cast member pleasee
I have a question for your next Q&A.. is it hard not to spill spoilers when being asked in interviews about episodes that haven't come out yet? By the way love you so much you're such an amazing actress!😍
You resemble Holland Roden so much! Both so beautiful!
Love you from Spain! ❤
I've seen so much Mads lately that is was weird to see her like Cheryl again in the first episode
Riverdale is very popular in Russia,too.I love you❤️❤️❤️
ideas for new videos: \n1. how to get into acting in LA \n2. make -up routine\n3. some funny video with KJ/Lili/Casey \n4. 20 interesting facts about you\n5. boyfriend tag Q&A with travis
Does anyone know how often do the episodes come out is it like weekly or like once a month
Who else can’t wait the episode 2?😍
you're sweet and a natural beauty
Can u do a shopping challenge? Like someone from the cast can pick your outfits?!
Can you react to teens react to riverdale btw I literally love you soooo much ❤️
I LOVE YOU ANGEEEEEEL
I love u maddddd 😍
KJ ACTUALLY BROKE HIS HAND!?
wow your eyes <3 love ya!!
do a vid with lili pretty pleaseeeeee
MADELAINE PETSCH/ RIVERDALE CAST REACTS TO TEENS REACT TO RIVERDALE!!! PLEASE!!!
the clothing brand, Princess Polly rlly suits you
YOOO SAYWORD CHERLY'S A YOUTUBER. Deadass tho, Madelaine great stuff! Looking forward to checking out your vids
Kj actually broke his hand ?!
love you madelaiinneee
LOVE LOVE LOVE SEASON 2!
COLLAB WITH BUGHEAD AND VARCHIE!!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ilLCRP5I4Ew
KJ actually broke his hand...?
YAY YAY YAY YAY
Love you mads
Wait KJ actually broke his hand??????
does anybody know her spotify name account?
😍🔥
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😻😻😻😻😻😻😻so cute!!!😍😍😍😍
Just cant wait for next Wednesday😭💗
Looove! And I love the hair color on u!
I love your glam Halloween looks!
any small youtubers want to support eachother? once i hit 100 subscribers i will be giving away 50$ giftcard to ulta :)
Hi! Can you do festival looks with the J Cat eye toppers?! EDC is coming up in Florida!!
Tell me why Katy looks so mad and concerned while she contours 🤔😂
What makeup mirror do you travel with??! I loved seeing yours in a video but can't remember which one!
Damn girl! I'm loving that sassy Death Eater look lololol jk
Shook at blonde @katy!😱
love it!!
so cute i really love this look!!!!!!!
I really love this glam skull. So pretty!! <3
OMG such an awesome makeup look!!!! Katy so bomb!! 😍😍😍😍😍💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
Love this! 💜💜💜
Pls do so more halloween videos!
I love it 😍
Gorgeous babe! SO GLAM and pretty <3 LOVEEEEE!
I love this look so much! I think it would've looked awesome with some color brows!
Can we see jonye does my Halloween makeup?? 😏
I am going to try to recreate this look! I love that it's still really pretty and girly! I'm going to use rhinestones for teeth though! 😁 Great tutorial girl 💕
so pretty!!! xo from my channel to your’s <3
OK I just tried doing this and it came out that I was a donkey? Yea I'm not good at doing makeup
I’m gonna have to do something similar to this! I got a glow in the dark skeleton t shirt to take the boy trick or treating
You're the best :) skull <3\n\nIG my_insta_soul  :) come in <3
Dayummmmm
This is sooooo pretty
So cool:)
Katy I love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Lowkey, when I saw the cover I thought it was Sandra Bullock and I almost cried bc I love Sandra Bullock more than life.
How You Make A Skull Look Sexy & Colorful 😩🔥🔥🔥
You need to start a face chart series where you do a series of a bunch of face charts you like ❤️❤️😭😭😍😍 love you girl
The coverfx drops don' t play well with any makeup underneath.
Katy your skin looks extra bomb!! Did you add something new to your skincare routine?? Love you btw and love this look! ❤️❤️
I love how people talk shit and then say “no shade”. Excuse me but you’re just being a bitch NO SHADE gtfo
Katy have you ever had that mole on the left side of your chest checked out? asking bc u my girl
Great work! Funny how you look like you have a permanent frown 😅
your lips make me want to eat powdered donuts 🤔
U look like Kim K with that blonde hair! 😳 Love this Katy!!! 😍😍😍
I love when you do colorful and creative looks! They just look sooo bomb on you. 🙌🏽💕💜Like your face charts omg I dieeee, keep it coming @Katy! 💗💖
What you said was holo was NOT holo smfh
Ok I love this n all, but is it weird that I like you and Desi's hands? Like weirdest comment ever js tho🤣🤣 like the hands have posture haha
😍😍😍😍😍😍
i don't get the dots on you forehead?
Can you do a fortune teller Halloween look
What other holosexuals got trigger when she said holo when there’s no holo on her look?
I'd like to skull fuck this girl.
I thought to myself I can do this, lets check the video out.  After watching a bit,  I would definitely never ever be able to do this. Very cool!
You look like Kim Kardashian in the thumbnail.
I love it, but I really love the eyes. I'm going to wear the eyes as an everyday look lol
You should have done your neck as well! 😊
❤️💖
How is this video advertiser friendly? I thought your immense beauty would trigger some kind of a red flag.💕
How do you look look gorgeous with every hair colour 💁🏻❤️
This is how you do a pretty skull look for Halloween without appropriating another culture.  Love it!
So dope K A T Y 💜💕
Girrrrrrl how is this even easy, it would take me a thousand hours and would come nowhere near as good as yours lol.
you look like Kim K with the wig on.
Am I the only one that think she looks like Kim kardashian???
Dam! I feel so inspired now! Thanks Katy!
Love it purple is my fav!! 💜
Can't wait to recreate this 😘😘😘
I think this look would have looked a bit better if the contour section were a bit more anatomically correct.  You put too much of the pink on your cheecks when it should have been lighter in the front and darker(more pink) towards the hollows. Overall you did a great job Katy. Practice makes perfect.
I love the eye makeup so fucking much
Barbie 💕💜💕💀 I love this
GIRL!!...IF YOU DONT BRING BACK THE MALFOY HAIR!!!😤
Living, breathing, dying for this look yassss
Damn Katy this look is everything love it alot❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Any small YouTubers wanna support each other 💕💕let me know 👇🏼👇🏼
E n te R
lol that intro beat chrisspy's intro real quick (lol chrisspy still love u boo)
Katy!! You're the cutest!! I absolutely love this look 💀
😱😨👌✌️👏
horrible
Youre on trending!!
Not holographiiic
Yassss queen
Awesome!
Yasssss! Bomb!
Love the colors!
#30 on trending 🙌🏻 you go girl ❤️
Sooo pretty 😻😻
easy????? LOL
Snow bunny 😳🐇🍆💦\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJust playing
I lovee😍
Mmmmmm. I’d love to nibble your rosebud
😍😍
No bloopers?
love this!!
Yello
wow...this is cute and scary
Where are the blooper Katy? WHERE ARE THE BLOOPERS
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looks like those shadows blend amazing
Loved it Katy 😉😙
I LOVE YOU 😭😭😭
QUEEEEEEEEEN
Now u look like a skeleton hoe, gj.
I loveee itt ❣️❣️
Any small YouTubers wanna support eachother?? 💜 let me know 👇👇👇👇
You don't have to create Halloween looks just because all the other YouTube people do it. Not everyone celebrates it lol
Uhm I'm a smaller makeup artist and I did this look 20 years ago. I can tell you got inspiration from me so could please give credit where credit is due?
*Camila's crew seem like such fun people and I'm so glad she is having such a fun time on tour. She is such a talented and* *amazing artist and I can't wait for her album. We covered her new song Havana on my channel, hope you will watch it.*
She's such a captivating and beautiful person, and the sweetest cutie-pie on this planet!
There is a video I want you to see. It's is called Goodbye Camila Fifth harmony will always be fifth harmony.  Search that exact thing on YouTube.  Plz reply back saying u saw it.  It isn't my channel tho.  But it is just to remind a few important things you might be forgetting.  You should save this before you lose it all.
It's so short I can't wait for more
‪hi how are you? hope you're feeling like the happiest and most loved human. Remember that i love u and i’ll support u forever‬, ‪you've been through a lot of things, so I want you to know that YOU DESERVE ALL THE HAPPINESS IN THIS WORLD, ‪DON’T EVER LET ANYBODY HURTS YOU, because you are strong and important, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, And I’ll always be here for you , THANK YA FOR HELPING ME IN MY BAD DAYS, I KNOW THAT YOU DON’T KNOW OF MY EXISTENCE BUT YOU REALLY HELP ME, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH❤️ Camila Please follow me on Twitter, you’ll make me the happiest person in this world, my user is @cryingntheclubz
Living the dream.\nYou send a powerful message of pursuing your dreams, continue believing and working hard to get where you want to be with the help and support of the people you love and trust. You are so blessed. Continue inspiring people through what you're doing. Share your words and thoughts and your amazing personality to everyone. You're a very talented and smart woman. May success continue to pour on you. \nShare your passion. \nLive your dreams. \nDo what you love. \nAlways be an inspiration to everyone...\nLove always!
She deserves the world
It's so much better when ur alone
Ok so I remember all these things when her crew was postin these vidson insta story on summer 2017 if you remember
Human Camila is enough for me ❤️❤️❤️
I'm breakin' down\nGonna start from scratch\nShake it off like an etch-a-sketch\nMy lips are saying goodbye\nMy eyes are finally dry\n\nGood old days😀😀\n\nI really miss the immature, really energetic, and really cute who loves ribbons Camilla 😂😂😂😂
it needs to be a little longer....though thank you so so much camila for inspiring all the dreamers ...you are a true idol and inspiration... i love you so so so much.... i wanna meet you so badly... ilysm... my heart belongs to you and i swear it always beat million times faster whenever i hear your voice.. 😘😘😍😍💜💞🌹🙌🙌🙏🙏
COMINGSOON 😂
JUST DO A FUCKING DOCUMENTARY, WE NEED MORE OF THIS
The dancer Justin is hot 🔥💕
did no one else see the tr*mp tower at :20 cause that shit doesn't belong here
So much fun !  They can be all friends but there is always a limit! She is their boss and they have to respect her as a boss and not as a friend... many singers go through the same stage of life that she is going... although she is having fun and she seems to be pretty cool
This reminds me of high school musical
I love her so much😧😭❤
omg this was in Atlanta. I've been to both of the places she went to, they were fun asf
She’s so down to earth and keeps it real
Best 2:22 minutes of my life
The happiness I felt watching this
I love her voice I love her songs !!!! She's perfect !!!!!!!!!!😍😍😍
i love you camila\nso much
I wish these videos would be longer
Every time this Havana starts in her documentary I go so emotional
I LOVE U AND I HAVE UR BACK ❤
So thanks full to god. Thank you so much to make this angel real, she's talented,  pure, amazing, beautiful, she's a true artist because she feels what she sing every time. I love you Camila ♡
I feel like this Toshi guy and Camila might... I dont know maybe  PR??
Man vids so short but u still get so much emotion out of it 😫💕
I love how the vids are SHORT AND EXCITING!!! 😍😍
this girl really never fails to inspire me so much. first, to just reach for your dreams no matter what happens; that it is scary but you just have to do it scared. now, to never forget to live because one day you'll look back at life and it's not the riches, fame, your occupation or your degree that will matter but the memories & relationships you created. im emo. i love her. 😭
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 💜 🙈 , PERU PRESENTE Y APOYANDOTE 🌹 🙆❤❤
I felt like in a Grey's Anatomy episode lol
I love you Camz you make my life so worth living and girl I can't wait for the Havana video
i Need like at least 18315668713625868148634547164855553546761482484 Part\n*Rihanna's voice* COZ I CAN'T GET ENOUGH
I love the fact that she has such a strong bond to her family
She is look like teenager
i want to be bestfriends with camzz huhuhuhu
why i feel so sad watching this i don't have friends
I clicked cause the hoes in the thumbnail are sexy af... Oops...
I love this please do more camila
I miss her relationship with the girls of fifth harmony
I AM SO PROUD OF MY GIRL. IM LITERALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW LMAO. I LOVE YOU CAMILA
Sofia is starting to look like Camila 😭😭 I’m prying so much
she seems to be so happy on this new era. I love it
0:37 that was crazy im so sexy what the hell lmaoo (ik she didnt say that but it looks like she did)
That girl Ashley is so in love with her.
AYYYYYY THIS IS TRENDIN I LOVE THIS PLUS IM IN LOVE WITH CAMZ I REALLY DO but i mean she doesnt know me ...hehehe (ouch)
I want a movie!!
INCRIVEEEL! Parabéns Camila, o amor que você deposita nas pessoas e na sua carreira é contagiante!! O Brasil já espera a tua turnê!!! WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!!! <3 <3
Eu te amo mais que deveria...
Got this notification today. SMH, thnx a lot YouTube -_-
It ended before I start crying, they're so cuteee I can't
❤❤❤❤
EU AMO MINHA FADA CUBANA
Sofie and mila are so cute
i'm prying
So cute!!!
SHE MAKES ME HAPPY❤
 'Literally' 'like' my bestfriend\nCamila wut?🤔
harmonizer supporting camila!
🙍😍
me encantas 😍😊
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
🙌🏼 🙌🏼
under 100K Views club!
HAY DIOOOOOOOOOOOSS....... LOVEYOU!!!!!!!
i love you camilla⚘⚘⚘
Love love love  ...........
Minha meio brasileira 😍😍😍😍😍😍 *Amo*   ❤❤❤❤
🌹
EU TE AMO TANTO
💞💘💝💟💜😍
Te amo
fav artist
Shippo muito Justin e Camila
I love you, Camila! 💓
😍
Camila Culobello te amamos
YYAAAAAASSSSS
Muy agradecida
Camilaaaaaaaaaaaa baby 💖
Queen 👑❤
I LOVE YOU! 😍
My beautiful baby ;-;
camila should really upload every day
These docs give me life
Youtube y la ctm que no me aviso del video >:v, vIVA KMILA WEONNN❤
YASSS LOVE YOU GREAT INSPIRATION <333 💜💛
Wish these were longer
I love you Camila ❤️
I miss Caminah honestly.. 😢
Havana music video
es por eso que te amamos!! Buscas las cosas que realmente importan la felicidad, el amor, el respeto y no la fama que desgraciadamente a  muchos cega. Tienes valores y tus fans lo saben te queremos!!❤🌹❤
Who tf dare to dislike this vid?!
I have a question for camilacabello \nCan I make a mashup with your son Havana
that chick had THE WORST golf swing i've ever seen in my life.
So mila talked about how she felt when she is surrounded by those people and she said how much she loves them but...did she not have the same feelings in 5H? Did she not feel as if the girls had her back? Did she not feel as if they loved her? And b-4 yall talk...i like queen mila and yes shes not in 5H ik... it was just a thought 😙😙
you wanna be quite precise so 8,9 or 10 minutes
Can we make a Swiss roll with a giant raisin on top?
Ricegum took the L
#FindJeremysDairyFreeGirlfriend2k17
Why is someone who is dairy free an idiot?
It has to be nice to have so few allergies in one's circle of acquaintances that dairy free poses a problem. I once made a birthday cake that was nut free, egg free, gluten free, chocolate free, berry free,  stone fruit free and that did not contain lactose, in order to accommodate all the allergies and intolerances within the party-goers. Wasn't the BEST thing I've ever baked, but 1000% worth the effort to see everyone's delight when told that No, there's no gluten/nuts/eggs/etc in there, so you can eat it.
Is vanilla paste different from vanilla extract?
every time i watch this channel i get so hungry and want to eat what they made
Now technically... none of us should suck the tit of another animal into adulthood (or ever).
I live in Switzerland but never ate that
Hiya guys love your channel. Would you be able to make baba ganoush at some point? I love it and would really like to see your version. It's good as a dip but I love it with spicy roast lamb too thanks 😉
in Chile we call that brazo de reina, which means queen's arm
Any chance of you guys making Wagamamas Firecracker Chicken one day?
Yep, I'm gonna hold off for another five seconds cause I always end a little... too... early. Oh, look look look, nearly nearly nearly. Nuts are going in!
Thank you for the dairy free recipe
Where on earth do you find hazelnut milk!!!?!?!!
my name is Jeremy But no girlfriend hard r i p.
You're knocking off my nuts ;)
You come for the recipes - you stay for the puns
“And then you wanna grab yourself (long pause) a tray lined with paper.” 😂
JEREMY YOU IDIOT i died
Stoked to see your flavour choice!  Hazelnut and coffee is one of my absolute favourite combos. Thanks for the shout out :)
Love how he explains the reason for each ingredient/action!
Did anyone notice the head-wiggle Ben always does while or after saying sorted?
Any suggestions if you can't have eggs or dairy? 😥😥😥 I've the worst allergies :(
I’m Jeremy’s girlfriend literally
Huh that's how I roll my joints 🤔
Mike, you can totally be Jeremy’s girlfriend if you want to. You can be anything you want if you believe hard enough.
Keep up the dairy free desserts/ food! 👌
What? didn't understand girlfriend explanation >.<
I love the intro it's so funny
Is it possible to substitute hazelnut with macadamia?
Please temper your hazelnut coffee mixture or you will scramble the yolk
What if you can't find hazelnut milk? Will other nut mills work??
u're knocking off my nuts\n\nthat sounded damn wrong man XD
You're knocking off my nuts\n\nMike, 2017
Dairy free recipe but you used eggs......
Mike just wanted to put his nuts all over that roll but Ben kept getting in the way
But I’m a girl and I can’t eat dairy
Wait it says coffee st the start and hazelnut in the title
“let me guess, someone stole your sweet roll”
Love the video, but I'm allergic to hazelnuts :(
Very nice, thanks for sharing!
i must try this, thank you.
Hey Mike, you are acting a little strange lately, are you alright?\nBlink twice on the next video if you need help!
Ben almost said Dairy Free Girlfriend at the end don't even try and hide it lad
You can make this vegan by replacing the egg yolks in the cream with silken tofu and the eggs in the cake with aqua faba for the volume and oil for the fat!
Mike''s looking better than eva... so YUMMAYY :)
Ben wins for the first minute with that nose pinch over the glasses...
You're knocking off my nuts \n-Micheal
Could I replace the coffee with something else? Dairy free but I can't stand the taste of coffee..
If he waited until cake was cooled off a little I don't think it would've stuck to the parchment. Can't always cover bad bits with powdered sugar
Oh my god, that looks soo good... I wanna have it!
oh my god Mike don't ignore it >:C
Looking for Jermi in the commnets ;)
That looks yummy even for people who can eat dairy.
I've already become obese watching this. Eating it will kill me for sure.
Swiss rolls are awesome and super tasty so it's awesome that you made a video with this recipe, but you can tell that it's def not perfect. Swiss rolls should be round and the spiral should stand out well otherwise the cake part might not have been made right which is totes fine for just eating with family, but you want to impress your mates right? ;)
Wow it is on trending!
aw man i *just* used the hazelnut milk i had sitting around to make a faux alfredo to get rid of it.
Have you guys ever tasted woodruff before? (or in german Waldmeister) If not you have to try it its a unique taste that i never found somewhere else.\nI also would like to see you come up with a recipe for it.
The best things about dairy-free and/or vegan recipes is that those can be enjoyed by everyone in the family together!
Hmm...reading a comment I had an idea.  These things rarely escape so I hope this is a good one.  Here goes...How about an education week?  Teaching a class or feeding the 5000 in a dinner school or students restaurant.  Best foods for learning etc.  I'm sure that students will love it.  Well, how did I do?  Oh...OK.   Sorry, I think I'll just go off and disappear.
I'm sorry but you know Mary Berry would say that the roll is not tight enough!!
Looking good, Mike! Lots of jaw line definition!
Which is the better method for making marshmallows using egg whites or without egg whites?
I understand how weird this is going to sound, but I'm gonna say it anyway.\nWatching Ben roll that pastry was like, oddly sexual? Just me? 🤷
Looks a bit like it's filled with cold pork gravy... So my challenge for you is this: Make a savory pork swiss roll with gravy!
Beans brushing up against nuts. SAUCY
 You're knocking off my nuts \n*Ben giggles silently*
Drink week!!!
No No NO NO NO NO
Ricegum took the L
Do a collab with myvirginkitchen
Jeremy? Jeremy?? JEREMY!!!
Mike !!! https://youtu.be/qlnsq3sQOBs
Ahhh dairy free! Thank you!
testy
Great video!
JEREMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Could yousendtherecipe
This looks AMAZINGGGG
Check out http://www.veganseekin.site for healthy recipes
Hey Guys flash frame @5:40
🤤🤤🤤
Yummy\nhttps://youtu.be/QkhnkVd8pWA
Make that Jiggle Cheescake thingy!!!
5:39
JEREMY YOU IDIOT!!!!!
JEREMY YOU IDIOT
VEGETARIAN WEEK PLEASE I BEG!
Jeremy you prick
No sprig of mint??? -gasp-
The chef is just a wannabe Jamie Oliver
We are eternal spiritual beings having a very brief earthly experience.   R.I.P and annihilation are a LIE!! Dont wait until you breathe your last to find this out.  \nhttps://youtu.be/5QqMQNPy2LU\nhttps://youtu.be/p70oyjbKftQ
*instructions unclear, got penis stuck in swiss roll*
Eggs are dairy...
Wowzer.. so trendy.. \n\n..\n\n-_-
I thought eggs were dairy... 🤔
nothing like a mild, unnecessary transphobic comment when you're trying to watch a recipe video, thanks so much Ben
Please make mint oreo and merangue chocolate cake
Same thing here in Canada. It is getting really cold here. But I will still eat popsicles in the dead of winter because I don't care! Btw these look so good!
Hii Jemma can u plzz shows us some more biscuits or something like biscuit rolls or some cake dessert 😋🤗 tht would be great thnxx
omg u can just freeze yogurt! JUST LIKE THAT!! my god, I surely wasted my life till now..... and of course u can wrap the popsicles once they are frozen!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😂 thanks for saving my wasted life TWICE, surely am making this one!!! ❤️
I’m just here drooling over her recipes cause I’m too lazy to make them 😂
I want to study abroad next year in London so if i do go, Im defiantly going to  Crumbs & Doilies!
They look gorgeous 😍
Nice😍
Aw, you posted this about half an hour after my girls begged to watch a video of yours before going to bed. (We found an old one they hadn't seen yet.) They're 6 & 4 and love cake videos, yours especially.
That paper wrapping gave me asmr
I love your cooking!!It's awesome and delicious. I LOVE YOU!!^^♡♡♡♡
Please make more cakes!!!!
My d
Jemma, your videos are so helpfull and Tasty 😋 💖💖
Do MACARONS! :)
Love this idea!!
These are your popsicles! ( beats the wisk ) 😂😂😂
Yummy 😋😋😋 Kisses from my channel 💕😘😘😘💕
Yogurt is gross
Hello Jemma, could you please make Raffaello cupcakes? :) x
Was anyone else worrying about her pretty white shirt getting purple stains from the blueberries? 😮😅 x
mmm yummy! thanks for sharing the recipe, jemma! ♡
#YUM
Jemma you have nice hair
my mouth watering
this*
First
I'm sorry I love Jemma but who bites and chews and ice lolly
Look really good....
soo nice!!!!
Do these not cristallize? Every time I try freezing yogurt, it always creates small ice crystals that make it horrible to eat. How do I avoid that?
Yuuuuummmmmmmmmyyyyyyyy
Can you do this with coconut?
I'm glad u made this,in Florida it's still in the mid 80 degrees outside and I really need something to cool down!
Thank you Jemma!!! ❤️❤️❤️ it's always summer in Singapore here 😂 so thank you for this recipe
RIP blueberry at 0:30
Heyy I really love watching you \nCan you show us how to make hot cookie dough pleaseee\nThanks x
Please made a biscoff cake:) They looks so good.
Please show us how to make the cookies and cream oreo cake!
I love your shirt! It looks like vanilla cream or pudding with the seeds scattered throughout!
I love your videos. Even though summer is over it's still a good idea to make those. I have a nephew who is a year old and he is currently teething. He is in allot of pain and cold things such as ice lollies helps to sooth his gums and mouth. I might have to try your recipes for my nephew.
Where can you get those icecream molds. Gotta have them.
Thanks for the recipe. Love you jemma.I live in Thailand l like watching you make a lot of sweets.
Those look delish!  And, you really did only use 4 ingredients!  Nice job Jemma!!
Will you be attempting chocolate macarons at some point? (Not macaroons) they are tricky to get right but I think you will get there. You could even do them as part of a cupcake or something. Like the oreo cupcakes but with chocolate macarons. Anyway, keep up the good work. The snickers brownie and Portuguese custard tarts videos are my favourites.
Yes for me it's sunny, i am living in Caribbean !!! And cold what does it mean ?? 😄, i try your loly pop tomorrow , thank you, i send you peace of SUN 🌞🌞🌞
This should not be trending
Yogurt.\nyogurt.\n_yogurt_\n*yogurt*\n\nsorry,you yog *hurt* my feelings with that spelling.
Made me cringe watching you BITE the popsicle... Besides that, thank you, I'm going to try and make this!!
thank you so much! I'm just trying to eat quite a bit healthier here in Hawaii, so it was nice to see this recipe to know that I don't necessarily have to give up a monthly dessert. Thanks again very excited to try this!
yup! it is always summer here in Singapore!
Does anyone know what the US conversions are??? TIA
How about some more/ new Halloween recipes? Are you going to have a Halloween skit this year?
Nice video I'll make those when I  have a party or friends gathering
OMG 😙😙Jemma you did amazing with the popsicle and with every dessert💓💯 I can not wait to be like you and meet you someday you 😍inspire me to do what I do best and that is to bake🎂🍦🍩
Omg these look AMAZING!! Also I really like the look of your kitchen Jemma! I have just started a baking channel myself and would love it if anyone could check it out and say hello😌
I love the way you read our minds ( e.g.  can add or less sugar, use other fruit...) you answer our questions b4 we ask them. Lol
yummm and its so hot here in south america :p
Roseburg Oregon was 45 degrees this morning it's only about 51 degrees now I'm not happy with the cold weather already LOL I miss summer went warmer fall weather
Cupcake jemma it's my birthday on Sunday the 15th.
What's your star sign
Thank you for this Jemma. We're heading into Summer in South Africa so I will definitely be making this!
Today in Spain (at least in the south where I live) we were  at 27°C. So this are perfect
We’re stuck in Eternal summer here ://
Yes its perpetual summer here in Singapore, so yup, I would be making these for summer which is erm everyday...
Can i come to your shop Plz?
OMG I'm flippin over these ......gonna make them first thing tomorrow
This recipe is so easy and simple\nHow could you go wrong
The WInds of Winter
Looks lovely but I can't wait for spicy chocolaty winter bakes 😍
I love your videos and it looks very tasty
I'm the first one to watch his
I thought frozen food shrinks...
Anybody know where you can get maple syrup in the UK!? I really want try it and this recipie out! Thanks anyways 😊
What's the machine behind her?
Love this video xxx
Hello sweetie.  I love all your videos, and I don't comment usually because I can't eat most of what you make because I don't like the flavor of butter or sugar.  I know, I'm really weird.  Anyway, thank you for this recipe because I would have never thought to make these!
Looks like lightly used tampons to me. Just saying.
Made your Oreo cupcakes for a bake sale today :) they were delicious (if I do say so myself) but all down to the perfect recipe!
I noticed the bird tattoo and the one on the towel @ 00:35. Then i realized that it was a cupcake jemma towel. Plz tell us more
No way you did that blueberry squishing in that gorgeous top and didn't get it covered in blueberry splatter...
CupcakeJemma where did you get this popsickes molds. You said you bought them online could you please leave the link on your video I'll appreciate it!!! Love this recipe x
How about a pumpkin spice cupcake recipe? #Halloween.. #WinterIsComing
Kodak tryna encourage more hoes 😈 so we get more pussy!!! 😁😁
Y'all don't she look like rich homie quan girlfriend rella but it's ain't ??
What's her ig? lol
They make a good couple 🇭🇹🇭🇹
There's progress. I could clearly make out 2 words this time. One step at a time Kodak.
lmao, do yourself a favor and research flat earth. the rap industry is full of faggets and trannys! wake the fuck up. shes takes no skill. I could write these raps in a night easy.
How do you get away with rape when you aren't even a good artist?
3:07 when you hear foot steps at 3 am
Who here would still smash that orange thotty even if she a sick bitch? 🤔😁😂
this dude literally suck. i wish people wouldnt listen to this jun.
That is a nice house
He killed this song
The thing is you can't save a hoe, she doesn't wanna be saved. Uncle Juicy J can give you a few advice about it
Ima Help some Folks out... That Girl in the Video IG is @jennaske ,  Your Welcome
Only came for girl
This song is going to be viral💯
He said he ant like black girls tho
Lil Wayne - Prostitute .....Same Beat and Same Subject
if i could  would fuck her but i cant cause shes all urs nigga
She heard I'm a SNOT  Sneaky.Nigga.Over.There, they telling me she a THOT, That.Hoe.Over.There but I don't even care if she got gonorrea 😛🤢
Kodak looking at her like she a snack
I went to school w/that chick. Real life
Every sinner got a future every saint got a past💫
@4:55 you had that sound that stood out and was unique. Kinda like the the old old prison movies!!!! It was good
This song makes me wanna date a thot with gonnereah
Y’all sleep best thing in the video is the Cearl 🍝
HOW DOSE THIS SOUND GOOD TO PEOPLE!!!  Strait trash,  you simple fucks must be lacking brain cells to listen to this dumb ass dwarf im better than Tupac YOUR A JOKE WITH TWO LEGS
Lil Wayne- Prostitute Flange, yall go listen to a real song
Kodak is getting boring
Kodak is funny
Is this really this nigga video lmao
REALISSTTTTTT SHITTT EVER KODAK
Simp
Ol girl fine af look like Ciara
Tryna find her on xnxx
Kodak is trash
Kodak krazy as hell lol he cold tho
Sex ahh lih bih
Slap
😂😍😍😍😘
she bad af
Kodak spitting straight facts 😂😂🙌
😍😍😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥
https://soundcloud.com/constantinperianu/kodak-blackinu
she got ass
Audio terrible.
🙄❤️😝
kodak dis shyt hard fr. this jam of the week at my crib fr
I keep forgetting Kodak got his old hair back, my dumbass thought transporting was old
Wayne’s Prostitute flange was like a million times better then this
Shit it was cool that she was twerking i guess until 1:48 when she start fucking the pool table flicking of the camera off lmao
I watched the whole vid but didn’t hear any lyrics, too busy staring at that ass.
What in the actual fuck is the world coming too? People are so brain washed it's cool to fuck hoes with stds ? Wtf lol I'm too dead and y'all really feeling this too I bump kodak but he trippen this video prolly the reason he locked up now he don't give fuck if a female got aids he gone fuck on site hell nah
Who's the girl??
he probably paid that bitch ode money to be near him LMFAO
By far the longest twirk in american history
Kodak I'm a fan you right I wish I could rap like you to get this girl keymaria and she make me pull myself in
What's wrong with turning a hoe into a princesses 👸🏽✨  😂😂😂
gourl came to da door yestaday askin fo you\nyestaday wath sathurday i wah at sthurch wat youTAlm bout\nniggeh you dont go to chuurch\nhow yu gohn telm me ion go to chuRch\nniggah u own go to church niggah\nhow yu goN tell mE ion go to chuRCh\ngo ak jezuhs ak jehzu ri tha
The people in the comments that's calling him the realest nigga and saying this some real shit YALL IS SAD!
3:08\nOn moms thought he was the Cookie Monster
We met @ BOA then we met again @ Chase 🤑
Them spilts kill it. She so fine and flexible 💯 💯
Bruh.. this nigga had is mom bring him a bowl of Noodles wit a Bitch Twerkn For em In His Living room .. If that's  not Snotty nose savage. .idk what is .. #S/OKODAK #INNOCENT
“I was at church” nigga u don’t even go to church 😂😂
Dat bih look like she'll fuck the soul out a nigga
This why I fk with Kodak 🔌💯
Kodak black will fuck a nigga up talking about his girl like that!!👌
kodak is ok I love thots too 🙋
Let’s start the business with the right jams.
Play it at 1.25 shit fire
lmao does Kodak have a stock ticker in his house???  1:46
Lil Wayne been bodied this beat.. baby girl jus made the video
If you think this is good music you're probably missing some brain cells
Wait who just got him those noodles.
Yall ain't listening to listening just watching the girl \nHe said SNOT Thot and he gave the meaning of it \nS= Sneaky N=Nigga O=over T= There \nT=that H=Hoe O=over T=There \nBet yall didn't hear that
Is all Kodaks song and videos shot in one take?
something fresh
But she has guanariah
Who’s the bihhh twerkin? Tf
terrible
Ugly thot
“Go Ask Jesus” 😂
Fuck niggers
homeboy flowing over a lil wayne beat whooooo weezy that best !
she bad asf 🔥
Simp anthem 😂
kodak.. tf is this simp anthem bullshit??? 🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾
pretty much yellow bone, fat beats
Ayyyy Prostitute Flange
That girl looks like Danielle Bregoli
Nigga ugly
favo song
Ciara,  that you??!? LOL
Her ass thick
kodak got high caliber bars doe.
thot luv
daammmm she acid
coonery buffoonery
This so trash all des fucking mumble rappers are trash
How about Kashmir? the biggest military    standoff between 2 nuclear powers, India and Pakistan.
The history of immigration through New York City, backgrounder on the Soviet-Afghan conflict, or a background of 9/11 and al Qaeda after the conclusion of the Soviet-Afghan conflict.
I hear a lot about the US owing China so much money. What's that about?
Do about season of vox Borders after the first 6 short docs
filthy frank lore please and thank you
Why do I taste spice in chocolate and peanutbutter?
Can you look into Rocky Flats?
Do a behind the scenes life narration of someone of the presenters, like Joss Fong <3 :P
The strange instances with us officials hearing something outside thier house in Cuba and then getting sick. There's already a reporter doing something on it, but id like it in video format. It seems as though neither Cuba nor the US are doing it so id like your take on it.
A video on filthy frank please
Is it possible to end fake news? And what ideas exist to fix this issue?
why are all of these filthy frank
Or a video on Terrence McKenna.
Esperanto history and culture!
FiLtHy FrAnK lore right now or else another hurricane will form
A day in the life of a vox
The genius from sillicon valley, or youtuber
Please do a video on Kenya politics.
will we ever get term limits
Filthy frank plz
Come to Snapchat!!
Filthy Frank Lore
The Dark Knight!
Streetwear.
Prohibition
employees undress each other\n\nim dumb
No !! you dont read the emails that you get.
iceland
Mission via pant supply little dilemma die fiber occupy moreover
card games history
some policies us should have
Why republicans are smarter than democrats
Communism
Talk about Selena Quintanilla
make a cute infographic on how capitalism destroys societies and dumbs people down. Or maybe one on the simulation argument that our reality isn't real and were apart of a simulation
I hope I'm not too late.  So many things......  World Peace without forcing it with war.... Crispr and Telomeres......AI intelligence and upgrading the turing test.....Sattelite clutter dangers and cleaning......Why Bernie Sanders should be the next POTUS.
A-  on diversity report
Yeah. Australia! We are noticed! 🇦🇺
isl and i league merger and the privatization of indian football
Well the people have spoken Filthy boy Frank it is
wanted to find a comment other than filthy frank and was let down by lil goat. i guess ill go with filthy frank\n\nLIL GOAT\n5 days ago\nMake a video about eating ass
Who are what is Filthy Frank?\nAnyway, do a video about the origins of Vox.
Wtf is with all the Filthyfrank comments?
I have officially given up on the youtube community, These people can not take anything seriously!
I want a video about modern Neo-colonialism in Africa!!!!! Nobody talks about it as though it were a shunned subject!!! But there's a growing movement to get rid of the FCFA and all of it's impacts!!! No one cares about the constant infringement of independent nations by foreign powers and their corporations as they install puppet governments to attain their resources. France depends on foreign resources to survive. They have ever since the 17th Century. They needed their colonies and slaves more than ever after WW2's destruction. Why do they teach us then that France would give them their Independence in 1960 then? If Congo DRC is one of the wealthiest natural resource filled countries why is it so poor? And if it's all due to their corruption where do the natural resources go? It just bakes in the sun? Who benefits from Africa's misery? How do they stop it from growing? And what is the war in the Congo jungle really about?
do a video on how the emergence of mental health and religion can be important in popular genres of music.
Something from  past like history of civilizations because in schools it was very boring. I love when you cover history like you did in Borders episode 1 DR was colonized  by Spanish and Other one by French and please please make more shows like borders. Its nice  and it also aware people about situations and every thing( what I am saying? )
The most important thing that has already taken place.... and only a small % of populace pays any attention... on 3/11/2011 an earthquake(man Made?) measuring 8.1 hit off the coast of Japan... causing an incredible tsunami  that destroyed the power plant ...which the ingredients  of that power said plant are melting into the Pacific Ocean at an uncontrollable human extinction event that now has countries and governments in the know fighting for survival....explains all you see happening in the world...it's bunker time for the hopeful survivors
Make a video explaining the current tensions between Iraq and Kurdistan. I know you did one on the Kurds, but update it to explain why the referendum was historic and why Iraq is responding the way they are.
Can't believe you guys *only* have 3 million subscribers... :| should have more!!!
Filthy Frank lore and philosophy Thank You
...or the history of the hipster. Anatole Broyard wrote an essay titled A Portrait of the Hipster and a decade later Norman Mailer wrote an essay titled The White Negro in 1957; these essays, of course, making note of the changing dynamics of youth culture and the ways in which some racial and ethnic groups appropriate culture for their aesthetic pleasure. Jump forward into the late 1990s and the Hipster is born alongside an anticapitalist movement among young working professionals who call themselves alternative and subsequently listen to indie rock, punk, and pop. Later the Hipster goes through a major ideological change and redirects its style that adopts the environmental movement and gives rise to the organic/natural health craze.
You did one on how the y axis can trick audiences, do the same for maps!
why is education more important than exams, excelling at exams don't mean you're superior
On the history and nature of Troll hijackinge; 'Boaty Mc-Boat Face' and in this case 'Filthy Frank'
Great! Good to see you guys numbers are increasing and best of luck for that. I would like to request you to explain us the                    Countries Politics and its Policies  .  And  if not   How advertising or media should change the world .    \n\nKeep it up! guys.\n\nCheers
Please make video about New Delhi pollution problems and how air quality can be improved in the city
Make a series on how Web technologies have made cultures exchange ! It would be cool to have videos recreating examples of these sort of encounters :)
USA imperialist interference on the political crisis in Brazil in the last 5 years.
TOPIC IDEA: How a small country like Fiji is sitting on debt more than that of Greece and no one has called them out on it.
Lore. Now.
Weigh in on the idea of Christian rap
also why games and films don't use the word 'zombie'
Filthy Frank
Venezuela crisis
Bitcoin
filthy frank lore please
Pre WW2 Cinema
john oliver
Will you guys do military comparasons
ww2
World War One
How Was Vox Created ?
esports
memes
UNPLEASANT DESIGN
Trinidad 🇹🇹
the ad-pocalypse!
MCDONALDS CHICKEN MCNUGGETS
Countries.
Comics
Filthy Frank Lore
Filthy Frank
Dirty Dan.
The Brazilian corruption please!
I change my mind FILTHY FRANK LORE MY DUDES
giv me da franki b0ss
Filthy Frank please!!
Pewdiepie!!!!
Do abt Malaysia plss.
please, not filthy frank.
Filthy Frank lore vid plox
Filthyfrank lore!
Filthy Frank pls
Considering where this is going, and how much thought you put into that idea of making a video on the top comment (probably nothing) you really deserve whats coming, and definitely don't deserve 3 Million+ subscribers. Unsubscribed!
Topic: Teenagers, homework and the effect on their lives
who is filthy frank?
Eurovision !!
Explanatory journalism on the cultural phenomenon known as Filthy Frank. Pls.
Who tf is filthy frank?
FINALLY! THIS ALBUM IS GOING TO BE *PURE* MAGIC AND WE ALL KNOW IT
The song that starts at 1:00 and ends at 1:25 is gonna be an absolute hit
so pleased to see his team/band is mostly the same.
From 1:35-1:43 oh my god I keep replaying that.
This is so tantalising. Roll on 3 November.  Does anyone know what he said, something about 'getting some gas out'? On top of everything he can laugh at himself; nothing hoity-toity about him. What a lovely guy!
I can’t wait for your new album!!!!!!! From Philippines here 😍😍😍
What was the title of the first song before Pray?
Can't wait!!! Fucking wait I love this dude
Ready to buy your new marvelous album!
the first one sounds eargasmic
HELL FUCKING YEAH!!!
The end is the best part
Ushally with songs the 1st time I hear them there Ushally good or OK then I grow to like them the more I hear them but not with Sam smith I hear and know instantly it's like yup that's it I'm gonna repeat the hell out of that.
0:09 I'll tell you, his upcoming song burning is already my favorite of 2017... just wait and see
I cant wait till this comes out it sound amazing ❤ if u agree
Can't wait for it !!! I live for this first song in the trailer 😩 Never been so excited for an album in my entire life !! \nYou are brilliant, love you Sam 🤗🤗🤗
I'M SO FUCKING EXCITED!
I'm from Peru, but I love it Sam Smith, he has a voice beautiful. \nPd: I don't know English very well. :D
Can't wait for hear the first song !
can't wait for the great songs to release!!!!!
i love you so much ur music fulls my heart and gets me though my issues love you
the piano part for the first song is absolutely beautiful i think that will be my favorite song on his new album, im so excited!! i love all sams songs i think this will be his best album yet
Im like deadass Kpop Lover and i dont really like any english songs but if its Sam Smith's songs its an exemption (also bruno mars's)
fuck!!! i cant wait for november 3rd!! i love you man!!
Can't wait to here the whole album!!!! Your voice is magic ☄
I can't handle my feeeeeelings!!!! Sam please come back here in the Philippines! All the love from the Philippines baby!!
I can't  wait for it
oh my god this is just to much\ni can't wait
im exciting for this album😍
I'll turn gay just for Sam Smith
That Burning song is already my favorite omgg I'm so excited
I. Can’t. Wait!!!! 😍😍😍
I'm so ready for this album.
i can’t wait
THIS IS GOING TO BE FIREEEEEEEEEEEEE🌋🔥🔥
Ughhh i cannot wait for this beautiful album
DYING IN FRONT OF THAT VIDEOOOOOO ! CAN'T WAIT NO MOREEEE <3
i love the rhythm at 1:36 hope its part of the album!
I can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Literally watching this daily. Get me that album.
can't wait for a new album! 😊
I love him so much❤️❤️
I am looking forward to being sold that!!!
I cannot wait for this album to drop. Please give us more!!!
My Lord this guy is amazing.  I watched him on SNL and those two songs were awesome!
Yeah, this is going to be some GOOD music for sure!
the diversity of races in the room❤
i can already tell the album is a masterpiece i am hype
why this person don't get dislike just like average musicians get.
This is what happiness sounds like
I can't wait 😭
1:25 - 1:30 ... best 5 minutes of my existence. Can't wait.
I can't wait to hear the whole album !!!
CAN'T WAIT !!!! 😍💖 YOU'RE AMAZING
What are the music titles in this video. Please let me know
Oh my God I can't wait !!! 😍 MY HEART AND SOUL GONNA BE BLESSED !!!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
You, yes you,  can I get a like ?
Cannot wait!
I already know I'm gonna love it
WAIT WAIT WAIT IS THAT DISCLOSURE'S HOWARD AT 1:33 OHMYGOD IT IS 1:58 JSHDFGHJSGAJHG
I saw Howard from Disclosure in there at the end... COLLAB?! I hate to be that fan, but you two are the best
I kid you not, black people choirs are a blessing to this world
0:29 ??
Can't wait can't wait can't wait
NOT COPING
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
OMG I CANT FUCKING WAIT!!!
SO EXITED!!! <3
https://youtu.be/soXJatqwZ9k
Omg I'm crying
Waiting for it .. 😍😍😍😍😍😍
omg...the chills!!!!!! 😍
Take my money
CAAAAANT WAAAIIIIITTTTTTT!!!!!
IM SO EXCITED!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
So excited 😍😘💞
I'M SO FUCKING EXICITED I'M CRYING
1:10 im really hype on this ..
CAN'T WAITTT TO HEAR ITT
Caaaaaaaant waaaaaait
Goose bumps everywhere.
Gas distance head definition favor excuse insist settlement convey quarter.
can't waiiiiiitttt
*MALUMA BEBIIIIIIIII*
😍😍😍😍
❤️❤️❤️
HOLY CRAP IM SO FREAKING EXCITED 😩😩❤️❤️❤️
showwwwwwww
GOSH I M SO EXCITEDDDDDDDD
The noddings... LOVE
I CAN’T WAIT OMG !!!
wow
Goosebumps
❤️
YASSSS BABY YAAAAS. I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!!!!
Shivers 💗sounds greattt
never was so excited💗💗
Ye babe
The first song omg
I SMELL GRAMMIES <3 <3 <3
Lyrics:\n\nThere's a hole in the dry wall, still not fixed. I just haven't gotten around to it and besides, I'm starting to get used to the gaps. Say wish you could find some way to live to be so hard on myself, so why is it easy for everyone else. I'm not always like this, there's always tomorrow, I guess.\n\nAnd I never do it but it's not a joke. I can't tell the difference when I'm all alone. Is it real or a dream, which is worse, can you help me? I just wanted to go to sleep.\n\nWhen I turn out the lights. When I turn out the lights. There's no one left between myself and me.\nBut when I turn out the lights. When I turn out the lights. When I turn out the lights, there's no one left between myself and me.\n\n\n\nJB's new single is amaze y'all. Enjoy it. I sure am. 😊
I'm actually gonna fly from Moscow to Paris just to see her show in November...
This album is gonna be amazing.
Can she even write a bad song? Next time I'm just hitting Like before I even listen.
Turn Out The Lights debuted at #9 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV1dMqeb4_U&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkMCVtuXEIz5BXpPfycTwsS5&index=9
It's Julien. Of course I'm gonna love it
She makes me want to be a better person
Only person in my life that makes me feel something and I'm tired of feeling nothing. ♥️🏳️‍🌈
Darn. My life’s changed forever since I found Julien, and each song touches my soul in places I didn’t know existed before... Thank you.
This is an entirely new level! Can't wait to hear her new album!
The tears are real son
Omg I wasn't prepared for this
And I thought I couldn't love her more
No one inspires me more than Julien does. Absolutely cannot wait to see her next week.
When you ugly cry into a pillow for a solid hour, but it’s the best part of your day
Julien, you just get me. Thank you.
This song is a masterpiece <3
I know its not her style, but im a sucker for at 2:30 if a full band came in and just thrashed the outro
So lovely, u are are my favorit artist Julien.
once again I clapped physical claps
A new sooooong!
I've never found a song that explains why I don't go to sleep at night so well. Thanks Julien as always
She's just phenomenal. She can't make a bad song.
I think my spotify and youtube have a syc, because I was listen Julien and YT recommend me this 💙
2017s answer to 2016s Your Best American Girl by Mitski
I thought this was brilliant, and then I listened to it with new headphones ... now brilliant doesn't seem good enough.
24 forest guards didn't like the video.
D A M N Jesse Cale music taste be poppin h a r d
Her songs would be great on Shameless
imagine a parody video that's just a cat chasing a laser
SO glad Jesse Cale recommended this song. I'm obsessed.
I was incredibly excited for this recording. But it would seem some studio person thought she needed her vocals layered. Please listen to the incredible live performance and stop trying to fix perfection... for fucks sake. Sorry for being a downer.
i can't wait to see her on the 28th. what an angel
Slowly it start to sound similar...
this is art...
Oth anyone 😀😀😀
well I just had 3:35 minutes of goosebumps
really wished I could have seen her open for jason isbell at the ryman the other night! she's amazing.
Beautiful song! Masterful video! Great job Julien and crew! Wish you all the best!
In portuguese, we have some expressions to descrive fellings, things, in this case music, that we fell like overwhelming. Its:«do caraças!». the music of little Julien Baker is... do caraças.
I'm not always like this, there's always tomorrow I guess.
Got to see her when she played in New Zealand! I'm hoping she tours this album here again, she's the best female artist in the world.
I hope she doesn't sprain her ankle with all that running.
I like how her latest 2 vids have just been her walking around singing
Y'all, I don't know if I'm emotionally prepared for this new album
There's so many reasons why it hurts to watch her perform and listen
She is something special
The use of 35mm color film here is something from out of a dream. It’s subconscious and unreal. The shot of Julien coming out of the smoke before she starts running is my favorite.
ya boi is crying now
I love her and so happy shes releasing new music.
I remember the first time I heard it live. Damn, I had goosebumps everywhere. I love that song. I love Julien. Can't wait for the new cd to come out.
Me vs Maradona vs Elvis. So much Brand New in this song. Love it
I like how the wire is not actually burning its way through the place, but is just being pulled while the end has a sparkling effect to it :D\nthis song tho <3
We need a song with Julien Baker and Dallas Green
Oh my gosh! Even the sound of her footsteps in the beginning gave me goosebumps.
My god this woman can do no wrong. Simply amazing! Whoever disliked this video; FOR SHAME MAN!!!
Ouch oof owie my emotions
She's an angel sounds so beautiful Love her voice gives me goosbumps
Woke up to a notification about this video (southern hemisphere). DAY MADE.
Goosebumps. Pure art. Oct 27th please hurry.
Magical sound
It's in 4:3 so you sure as hell no it's artistic ;)
Pretty awesome, at the end 2017 it was a good year 😍
I just said goodbye to the plan for the day.
Recently discovered Juliens music by accident. Now I need this album
I love every new song more than the last. The only downside of an artist like Julien is that every re-listen to one of her songs will never be as good as that first emotional journey, one where you could never be  sure of what was about to hit you. It still hits you of course, but I wish I could go into every song having never listened to it before.
in my Julien-trance, forever...
♡ !!
wow!
Beautiful
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
<3
test in accuse rmtcbc limb pilot media weather softly beginning.
I am crying.....again.
tears everywhere
RAINHAAA DA BAD 💚
I would die for Julien Bakers emo ass god damnit
I rejoice!!!!!!!!!!!!
</3
Your voice totally melt my heart
1:53 - 2:08 Radiohead/Karma Police vibes
wow
beautiful song ❤️
wow.
AHHHW WOW :O
Ofuk.jpg
holy crap! Although she writes kinda sad songs they always fit for every kinda mood....
How is she running after that sprained ankle?
wtf shes a crack
Damn this is overall boring. The music is so slow and unoriginal and the lyrics try too hard to display significance...not to mention the video is just a number of cliched scenes edited together
When you hear that guitar in the intro you know it's gonna be fire
Man new music everywhere (Julien Baker, The Front Bottoms, Knuckle Puck, Beck) loving fall so far
i'm not cry, i'm not cry 😢😭
Beautiful. A perfect song.
This video was shot next to my house
what camera is used?
The mother Fucking GOAT. Best music I've heard in the last few years.
Love it, love it....LOVE it!
i listen to julien when i'm having emotional breakdowns
what if she sing with dallas green?
😂
This black Ass peice of shit have degraded the black woman on so many levels.  Im a proud black woman but i will spit on this peice of shit.  U sexy as A Motherfuck!
This is an old video. He was only joking. Tyrese is a cry baby and a diva.
They playing
This is an old video and The Rock was joking.
Now I know he is mad but that album was good. He is just being mean I hate to see these two brothas at each other's throats like this.
If my love for The Rock was slowly fading. The love has been restored after watching this. Shout out to The Rock boo!
To fucking funny mr. Johnson is hilarious
Dwayne Johnson it's about time you addressed his black ass. Not only does his independent music sound like shit but he looks like a big black piece of long shit while he's dissing black  women and going on his senseless rants that nobody cares about. Thank you Dwayne  we know he's not worth your time but that's what he wanted  your time since he's not working  that's all he has is time. Keep winning Mr.Johnson
Lmfao damn he's childish and not the mother fucker at the end😂😂
The album was trash 😂
Thanks Dwayne. All he does is diss black women. Fuck this nigga. Black as his black ass IS. He got some fucking nerve.
Tyrees, need to stop you seriously got issues. Start to believe the story about you abusing your daughter. You and Rock was cool and then you going to start shit because, of a movie, stop the bullshit life is to short for nonsense✌🏾😜
Nigga, i don't give a f**k about that little cat fight between you two; but real talk .... that Black Rose album is fire ...... WTF is The Rock talking about.  I've never really been up on Tyrese; but that album is Da Shit .... not baby shit.  So 'pause big boy and go back and check  that Shame out (classic R&B) and play that When We Make Love for your lady with her eyes closed ........ straight fire my dude.
EXCUSE ME Rocks wife, I must say u have 1 fine Ass Husband.   Get that show on tv as quick as possible so ur fans can watch u weekly.  Keep pumping that Iron cause that body is the Rock! Cute face ball head makes u hotter!   I hope u have Luv scenes!
The rock is the king of petty y'all must not have seen WWF LOL
He's my moms face
This guys supposed to be rich, yet he lives in a trailer??
Guys I just looked up that album it came out 2 years ago apparently.
It's all for publicity
What in the actual fuck is happening
Dwayne is over rated. Fuck you dwayne
THAT ALBUM IS FROM 2015 WTF IS THIS????????????
DAM ROCK YOU WENT IN LIKE  THE BAD MF YOU ARE👍👍👍👍
Even if this was a joke.  We all know any album tyrone puts out is donkey shit
He needs to get his motherfucker lessons from the boondocks asap😂😂
CAN U, SMELLLLLLLLL WHAT TYRESE IS, COOKINGGGG??  A BIGG PEACE OF BLACK SOFT DOGGSHITT!!!
This was almost 4 years ago in 2015 when they were cool. I'm sure he was joking lol
I'm just a little disappointed that it wasn't ended with a if you smell what The Rock is cookin
The Rock is in WWF promo mode right now. Tyrese you not fucking with this lol
I ain't even hating or anything but I just hear it right now and I agree with Dwayne😂😂😂
Fuck black roses go up my ass
DO YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK JUST COOKED? \n\n\n\n\n\nYep its called Tyrese on a platter with a black Rose 😂🤣😂🤣😂 \nTyrese gon leave ppl tf alone.
Where is his beard
Cryrese messing with the Rock's $. He's gonna get his ##Candyass beat. 😂😂 Y'all wrong for putting this OLD video out to be taken out of context.
The only really good song is addict I'll admit but the rest was garbage besides 2 or 3 more songs
Lol. He has a point. I only liked one song.
Lol the Rock gave him the people's mouth lol get his @$$
You can’t disrespect someone from the attitude era bitch ! The great one is still great.
Y'all messy... This is old
The album is typical black homeless crackhead singing 🎤 in a ⛺️
This video is old. Rock was being funny. And was helping Tyrese promote the album. Rock is a lot bigger now. And has a grey beard. Y’all will believe anything.
Reminds me of his wrestling days. Don't come for The Rock unless he sends for you! Guess Tyrese just got the smack down! 😂😂😂
Smh I like them both but this is really old and he was joking around with tyrese. Rock was filming one of the ff movies as well as filming for the show ballers. It pays to do research y'all. Ppl have to learn to stop burning bridges when your angry with a close buddy.  Idk either one personally but Tyrese went to find this video at great lengths to make it seem like the rock is a horrible guy. Makes you wonder what does this say about Tyrese's character though.
Just beat his ass rock.  Fuck cryrees. AnD Kevin  hart to i hate that bitch bonus punch please 2 for one slap him back on the bus singing for a Pepsi
Tyrese still tryna promote his 2015 Album 😢😢😢
😭😭😭😭
damn
Tio asqueroso. Tu a Tyrese no le llegas ni a la suela del zapato. Y si es totalmente cierto lo unico q buscas es romper la bonita familia en la que tu solo eres un intruso. Alma negra , ser oscuro con disfraz de humano. Tyrese tiene luz en su alma LUZ DE ESTRELLA QUE A TI TE ESCUECE POR QUE ERES PURA OSCURIDAD. PURO EGO SOBERBIO ENVIDIOSO EGOISTA Y MANIPULADOR. QUE SE TE VE EL PLUMERO. BUENO MAS BIEN SE TE VEN LOS CUERNOS DE SER OSCURO. de lo que llevas tatuado eso eres.
😭😭😭😭
that was fucked up
😂😂😂
Tyrese is a cry baby bitch
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯
🔫🔫🔫🔫😂😂😂😂
😂🤣💯
LMAO. I love Dwayne
I love him
😂
SHOOT
Fuck u rock
ooh my
Yah it price of shit
😂😂😂😂😂💀
Don't fuck with the rock t u not ready.
Damn lol Tyrese brought out the old school Rock 😂😂😂
Go in ROCK YESSSSS THE OL ROCK BACK
This was a joke. Dwayne was filming FF and Ballers at the same time so he was in character.  Cryrese posted it and was laughing a few years ago, and now he tries to flip it and make it seem like Dwayne did this in to be mean.
Was that a joke or what. I really thought they was finished with the B'S Rock and if don't like the guy why did u listen to the album anyway. SMH grown men
Hee! Hee! I don't know if Rock is joking or what but this was funny.
Dwayne went OFF!
Yall. Live talking to me bitches eats this pussy
Everybody know the rock has a beard now lol clearly old when tyrese released black rose witch was last year
Well damn. I bought it last year, got some cute songs but nothing to go crazy over. Aint trash at all.
Didn't black rose come out a while ago?
This has to be a publicity stunt right? Lol like wtf
😳
I tell u what u fine Ass hunk of a man.   U so sweet u have a Beautiful wife Beautiful daughter and im a fan.   Rock i just got to say Dammmmmmmm.,    I Luv It when u talk dirty.  Thats right respond to this dry lip jealous ass man.  FUCK Tyrese.
Yo this fucker is late as hell.. that album is old news and it's not even that bad.. what is his purpose with this
That's such an awesome story.
This animation was amazing.
Love this
This is fucking cool and I appreciate it.
This was such a lovely surprise
Great animation! Where's my vault package at tho? Still haven't gotten it😂
Animation and Storytelling are both Ace. One gets the feeling that when Jack (John) really connects with someone, who has a heart as pure as his own, it's friends forever. Not many folks care to remember for a minute what you really want most let alone years. \n🎸🐧💙
Things like these are what makes life worth living.
who the hell dislikes this??
Wow, what a tale :) Awesome animation!
Cried during that show.
This makes my heart ache for The White Stripes even more, especially since this was the last performance they did. I wish things wouldn't have fallen apart the way they did and that maybe some day by some miracle by the grace of God they can reunite and do even more great things. If Guns N' Roses can manage it, I don't see why The White Stripes can't.
What a very nice little animation. I love it.
I love Conan and I love Jack and Meg
Thank you for the video :)
This was a beautiful story and video, thanks. :)
Jack and Meg need to get back together for just one last gig
This is fucking amazing, god I wish they'd come back now more than ever. I really hope Meg is doing okay
was also tws last ever performance :(
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
CRYING
Amazing. Love it.
TEAM COCO FOREVER <3
That's awesome#
Beautiful
Fantastic!
Very cool
The 333 White Stripes!! 🐧 Thanks Coco
love it <3
Wow...
Pure perfection by Moth Studio
So freaking cool
This is 💯!
Brilliant! Great storytelling!
♥
Awesome sauce
Passion debuted at #13 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzJNg0BqA7A&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkMCVtuXEIz5BXpPfycTwsS5&index=13
i started CRYING i have been a fan for so long!
I hope they blow up
Your ability to shift your sound in a way that is still very AWOLNATION is one of the many reasons why I am a fan. I cannot fucking wait to see where you take this
I was going to invest my retro pay 💰 in twitter,Big 🐦, Mary, Caradida
Irontom and awol collab... I think this would be amazing
This is better than despascito
THANK YOU THIS IS AHHHHHHH
I love Awol only band I'll ever preorder on vinyl and know its gonna be great
AWOLNation is back and better than ever!
IT FUCKING NEEDS TO BE IN THE NEED FOR SPEED UNDERGROUND 3!!!
How I can give 1 millions likes for this song?)
When does the new album come out??\n\nEdit:This sounds more guitar driven, like Awol's predecessors: Home town hero and UTIOG.
Is that my girl from the yeah yeah yeas?!
I like the original but it’s really awesome at 1.5x speed!
Love it! Thank you so much for something new! Been going awol with this song ever since it came out. :D
I have to sing and dance this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this band because they're so mysterious- I don't know how to describe it. Aaron is really unique, he doesn't truly stick to one genre. The songs switch from dark to upbeat, and the transitions are very well thought out, and planned. It can seem like it was all jumbled together sometimes, such as in Knights of Shame, but it matches and you can start to understand and hear the connections.
The only thing that sucked about this song was that it ended
Does this Remind anyone else of the bohemian rhapsody video?
i have loved awolnation since before they were listened to on any public forum.  this video and song disturbs me.  :/
I loved that Irontom made an appearance. They need to your together again.
I love that this is kind of a mix of Megalithic Symphony and Run
Bitches be shoppin
Is goodddd
THIS HAS BEEN STUCK IN MY HEAD FOR 4 DAYS STRAIGHT WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE SO GOOD AARON
I care more about AWOL than my own future and certain family members.
Sweet, another great album coming up? Well done. it's been an honor to have been a witness to the evolution of AWOLNATION. Hope to see you soon in the Los Angeles County. Keep up the good work.
This is so good!!!
The outro is so friggin AWOL.  I love it.  Can't wait to someday see this song performed live!
I like it. Sounds great.
This was a very pleasant surprise, quite refreshed I'm excited to see more :)
Hated it when I first heard it but the main verse stuck with me and now I love it!!! It's so awolnation!!!
pa pa pa passion!
Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind. Blow my mind.  Wow what a great song........
I freaking love love LOVE AWOLNATION and everything they put out
I love the new song already <3
Finally new awolnation 😀
I can’t stop listening, what’s happening
So does this mean therre will be a tour???????
When the album red bull
Nice jam.  Keep us the good work guys.
Amazing song.  Can't wait for the new album and tour.
Just googled Awolnation wondering what they up to and discovered this....GREAT!!
Seriously I've been waiting so long for this and this is everything and more I want!!!! I can't wait to see them again live!!! (I need this album like now!!)
I appreciate them putting Irontom in this
Love it! I feel passionate about this song! :) Dying to see them live!
S/O to the Irontom cameo in this video. ;)
I feel this album will take AWOL to the next level in regards to mainstream, and such. What a great song!
Cannot wait for new album :)
So good. Thanks Red Bull for continuing to give Aaron an outlet to share his musical genius with the world. Can wait to see this live.
Here at 20k!! Absolutely love you guys! Can't wait for the new album to drop! 😭❤👏
I'm glad that awolnation still has the same kind of music and didn't change, unlike other bands (cough cough 30stm)
It sounds like gorillaz and nine inch nails had a baby, i love it
First I heard it, I was skeptical. Then listening to it a few more times, it grew on me, as it says, it blew my mind!!!!! It's fucking awesome!!!!
a great sound, spinnin' it..
Tbh kinda disappointed with this track. Loved their last album. Hope to see this new one top it.
😍😍
I hope this song gets on the fame and spot on the radio like sail did! I would love to see people appreciate awol more
Only here for grace
супер
I've been waiting a year or so for new music from my favorite band and I was not dissatisfied 😍😍😍😍😍
I have passion about listening to this song everyday.
<3
Glad to have new music
Our minds r blown 😍😘🙄💚💚🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
хорошая песня вообще молодцы AwolnatioN
Al fin regresaron después de un tiempo sin material. \nMuy buena rola, quedo chingona. \nSaludos raza
THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING \nHOLLY MOLLY
Oh HELL YEAH!
me no like
SAIL
MY MIND IS BLOWN
That's ju
💖👍🏻😁
Nah man, not my jam
Pa pa pa passion !!!
home town hero forever !!! arron Bruno for life!!!  yeaheweyeaheeeyeahhhhhh.  ROOOOCKKKKKKK
Awesome
Fuzzy fun.
Omg!\nYou never disappointed!
Consider my mind blown
ME ENCANTO!
FUCK YES❤❤❤❤
yessssss
Yo, this song tho. Perfection god damnit
Grace mckagan ♥️♥️♥️
Finally,new music.
Y el piano?
Grace Mckagan <3
Hype
ADORO
pa-pa-parfect
Where's Kenny :O
I remember this dude back in 2006 as the lead singer of UTIOG. Safe to say, he's progressed amazingly
they struck down my video about this song... but here is the catch i posted the lyric video before they did, should i argue the copyright strike?
Definitely not bad, but why do I have this feeling that any more albums won't be as good as Megalithic Symphony was?
I reviewed this here- https://aerolynxmusic.blogspot.com/2017/10/passion-awolnation-review.html so good!
Would love to hear an acoustic version.
350th comment
Why are mans hating on the dudes looks, jeez
My boy has gotten T H I C C
Good to see the lesbian aunty back
Man put some timber on...
My man. In my country, we pay 4 dollars for 5 chicken nuggeds
Hair wise, this guy is black Morty
Boss man just go to KFC n give your opinion on it
480p sick quality
What happened to the suits lol
Followed your lead and discovered Chicken World outside of Wembley Stadium. On point!
so you stop wearing your school uniform 😂😂😂
The chips were pretty blessed........
My nigga at least get a shape up with the fro
He should build a chicken shop
When you find out that the chicken connoisseur has given a talk at Eton College! 😂😂😂😂😂😂 I’m dead
I don't think he realised that has added weight
brum man like me though bhm spesh was birmingham special
this video was lit and the editing on point!
and you say you don't take photos 0:04
Bring back the suit
You need the old camera man back you and him had jokes. U don't seem to be as serious about chicken as u were fix up bro. This vid was dead. Dead! Get the  suit back as well fam
He’s getting his own programme on channel 4... haha!
Next man's not hot
I used to think man eats bare greasy food and don't get fat but its caught up with him now... Manz been eating welllllll!!
PLEASE SOMEONE TELL ME THE BEAT. BEAT IS ON FIRE. OR THE SONG FOR IT
Don’t believe in ur barber it’s a dead ting
The diabetes is real.
Fuckin'ell u got fat....far i mean.all the way from London to Morocco
Go to the Congo
Y he got 1 glove on like he's Michael Jackson 😂😂😂
all that editing for 480p, that's gotta sting
Mirinda in a can is dead, the mirinda in a bottle with Arabic writing is piff.
bro go to new York crispy fried chicken in MCR  its peng their fam
My man cashed out on the chicken ting 😂😂😂
what camera do you use to shoot a video? say please
CHICKEN CONNOSIER CAME TO MY SCHOOL BUT I AINT SAYING IT GLADESMORE
Chicken Connoisseur will you ever do a pengest munch in Leicester?
Best wings ever: SHARK CLUB NEWCASTLE. Trust
Them creps are wakkk
Go to Roosters in Lewsey Farm (Luton)
He needs to stop munching on those chips
How is this guy relevant
Do they do diet fried chicken because he needs it...
Make a gym channel instead.
Yes my man's back
Man got fat
Bruv wear some adidas creps
3:02 did man just say anywho
The ting goes skrrrrrahh pap pap ka ka ka
Fucking love this chanel
*MANS NOT HOT*
No suit. Disliked. 😢
sllliimmmeeee...man eatin good init it...........grwan rude youth.......bigg ups
Get ya self to Dubai fam. Teleportation TING
BARE WASTEMAN IN COMMENTS
Man looking local, colourful & (cayenne)dashing
Love it  🐔connisuier
Man looks like he got LefffOuttOffBhaddAnBoooJeee!
Yes it finnaly returns
NETSTALKERS
Your fingers looks like  sausages
tiz ya boiz auntie skyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
subscribe from Russia ! :)
Chav eats chicken
Dillian Whytes son
Nort Afrikaana food fam...stepped up from that British fishy chippy
❤️
14th trending in UK
*these bois are evolving youtube!*
Jheez on trending
I don't care how many pairs of nikes you have. 97s are the CANCER of nikes. They are ugly AF
Mans getting a belly from bare chicken uno
Man got the manboob ya get me
Where's the school uniform and one glove look? I prefer it when you look like a clown. And when are you going to do something other than going to chicken and chip shops. If my son ate at chicken and chip shops like they were Michelin star joints I'd disown him.
My man takes months off and comes back looking like Oprah Winfrey
I'm not a hater at all but my man really does need a trim lol. It's mad having a sick job but donny's in need of a diet now. I saw a comment down below saying he's looking like Big Narstie now. This shit ain't healthy brudda.
Looking like a Nigerian Supply teacher 👩🏽‍🏫
these moroccans must be thinking what is a 12 year old doing here on his own
Looks like he’s gained a few pounds
i thought you died
Why dis trending tho btw we see this youth in 3years time still doing food reviews but imagine him 10x fatter than he is 😂
This blokes gonna be massive one day
You need to go to the gym man, you getting big lmao
Not gonna lie but this ain't what man notified you for. Fix up
What the fuck are those shoes
30yo man stuck in a 14yo body.
Is this a girl or a guy? Serious question
I hope he goes medical check up. Eating chicken and chips round the country.
He's got chicken breasts.
Mans put on weight! Need to balance that wing and gym balance
Bet he had the shits badly after this.
You've got to be so self conscious to delete fat comment😂
Sell out
Shit hole country=shit food! Dummy!!
You died quick
Nigga please!
Looking a bit chubby still
Hes getting fat
Why is this shit trending
Teleportation ting, mans here now 😂😂😂
Everybody talking about unsolved but did y'all realize this man  learned to fly by sneaking into random homes and playing simulations. He wild 😂
I thought the title said Bigfoot Bandit
wow he was born on the same day I was born!well not on the same year tho
Ryan and Shane should just make their own channel . I'm sure it would take off . We need unsolved everyday not lame filler waiting for it to come out .
Guys get over it they missed an episode be happy with the free content you are getting
Why does this sound like Mr nightmare .. ?
He used to live in a half way house next to my apartments, that's where he actually ran way from, he shot our neighbors window out with a BB gun
BATHS ARE ILLEGAL OML I HAVE TO TELL THIS TO MY MOM
Can we leave the crime stories to Shane and Ryan? Please?
why does his voice sounds like Rami Malek
Come on guys, this isnt an unsolved mystery, nor does it say unsolved anywhere in the title. Obviously not going to be an episode of unsolved.
His mother lived next door to my aunt’s farm on a small island in Washington! Always signs saying do not enter, etc.
I hope he gets to fly again!!!
Was it just me or were there not enough details to make this story interesting??
I thought this was buzzfeed unsolved...disappointed
Why are people butthurt about this not from Unsolved when the title clearly reads Crazy story of the Barefoot bandit? It's pretty clear that this not an Unsolved episode. Idiots.
I want a shirt with hey demons its me ya boi printed on it
Here for the unsolved comments
Stop comparing it to buzzfeed unsolved ! I actually really like this it was so positive ! You just have to watch it all the way though.
IT WAS MOSE BUT IN SOCKS
Just like I am obsessed with BuzzFeed unsolved. I come to YouTube . Refresh the application again and again everyday to watch a new video, even though I know it comes on Friday. 😂
hey that's where I live
I don't like the narrator .... His voice isn't interesting
I thought it was buzzfeed unsolved then I realized its not the day they post
Who else thought this was a surprise unsolved video?
My old co worker is currently dating this guy
Little town power electric tour wave.
I was born on March 22 too
I dont think people realize that this guy is like a modern day legend in the Bahamas XD
thank you for doing him!!! for unsolved crime,  can y'all  do Sherri Pepini?
He broke into our house and stole some food and a dirt bike which he left broken down in the woods.
Was this story supposed to have a point?
Honestly whoever is doing the voiceover, your voice is 😍😍😍😍
I clicked on this misreading it as 'bigfoot bandit' and now I'm disappointed
no crimes unless it's unsolved maybe they want to give you some crime vids bc the current unsolved season is supernatural and they're tired of y'all complaining 🙃🙃🙃
why is everyone thought this was unsolved? we all know that unsolved uploads every friday. smh
Unlike a lot of people in the comments, I like crime videos along with unsolved videos so thanks for the extra cool vid
0:14 THE PRIDE OF MOUNT VERNON
Only here for all the comments about Unsolved. Looking forward to Friday as well.
Bare foot\nB foot\nBig foot\nCase Solved\n(I know it isn't Buzzfeed Unsolved)
Ahh! I finally just shared my coming out story!!
I remember when he was running around our islands. I’m sure that bastard stole my bike 😂
This was actually an interesting video, I liked it.\nThe video and its visual reenactment was well edited, in my opinion.\n\nSure, it's not Shane and Ryan, but this channel isn't all about them, they don't have their own channel, but maybe they'll be moved to their own channel like LadyLike.\n\nBut people gotta chill, man.\n\nThe people who did this video were cool to do this. I've never heard of this story before and it's pretty bizzare and out there.
Wtf ? Y'all better stopppp, this not Shane & Ryan bye.
I don't know all the crimes he committed but I don't feel he deserved 7 years, he was underage and trying to survive.
pfffft, The Barefoot Bandit is nothing, have you ever ran into THE WET BANDITS??
How tF do you steal a plane
ummm,leave the crime stuff to the unsolved team
How do you fly a plane and not get caught
He was actually caught at a resort/restaurant/marina called Romora Bay in Harbour Island, Bahamas! My family used to go there all the time and the staff would wear shirts saying how they caught the Barefoot Bandit!
plot twist: the narrator is colton harris moore
when Unsolved is your most popular segment so you try to incorporate it into other videos
This should be an unsolved episode
The mini doc on tv about this guy is really interesting!
I live in mount vernon...
*why does every criminal story I hear happen in Washington state?!* I live in Washington state!
BuzzFeed is doing a lot of storytimes
as soon as i didn’t hear ryan’s voice i was pissed
This sounds like me. I go everywhere barefoot....I never leave prints tho (;
I thought it was big foot
this guys story should be made into a movie! reminds me of the movie CATCH ME IF YOU CAN starring Leonardo DiCaprio
I knew this ain't unsolved but still clicked it hoping that it might be 1% related to UNSOLVED.  The wheezes got me addicted.. Sorry not sorry. 😀 Can't wait for the new season starting today.  Shout out to Ryan and Shane,  I love you guys.
this is almost like a modern story of icarus and the sun....with the sun being his obsession/source of obsession to fly.
i did a project on this dude
That is a really cool story. I wish him the best.
Ok people put together the clues ok listen \n\nFriday \nBuzzed unsolved \n\n\n\nWhat can u infer by this \n\n\n\n\n\nYou buzzed videos only come out on Fridays I know it’s sucks
when it’s been over a week since the last buzzfeed unsolved and you settle for this
I remember watching a document on him like 3 years ago
Was this a class project Buzzfeed?
Fucking this isnt buzzfeed unsolved. More like buzzfeed disappointment
I read Bigfoot. I'm disappointed
I thought this was buzzfeed unsolved 😭😭😭
I thought it was unsolved, wtf
*wheeze
Wtf
WE GET IT U THOUGHT IT WAS UNSOLVED GEEZ 😂
I don't get why everyone thought this was a buzzers unsolved video. They literally tell you the series, season, & episode #
Murder of Selena Quintanilla
I thought this was buzzfeed unsolved XDD
Succeed emotion hope voice aim smile exist Irish knee consideration.
Not good enough for Unsolved?
Um... Ok
What???
Damn this ain’t Buzzfeed Unsolved, im sad
W H E E Z E
When a prodigy goes awry... temporarily.
i love all the crime videos. i just don’t get why people are complaining that this isn’t unsolved, this is a bonus for people interested in this stuff
Meh.
This was lame
this is weird
Buzzfeed SOLVED
I thought it said Bigfoot bandit
wtf I thought this was Buzzfeed Unsolved...
This would be a fucking great movie
*wheeze* \n\n\n\n\nWrong video
I like bare feet
Aha, you forgot something... *WHEEZE*
Elementary divorce reflection tennis diabetes owe battle.
Where’s oily sheen shane 😂😂
(Wheeze)
Hello, tonight I'd like to test some of our favorite and as well as some new sounds that can be triggering for you while testing my new mic set. I do need to work on some settings and get pop-filters still but overall I think these are pretty good :D What do you think? \n0-02:10 - intro and voice test\n02:19 - rolling crinkles sound\n05:55 - comb in the plastic ♥ \n09:47 - brushing of the mics\n13:27 - purple beads waterfall\n15:53 - crinkly sticky sounds\n17:47 - bumpy clicky sounds\n18:30 - shell beads high pitch clicky sounds ♥ \n19:41 - fast tapping on a smooth foam sheet ^_^ mmmm\n20:41 - light slime squishing and tapping \n21:36 - whisper test and goodbyes :) \nThank you, I hope you enjoyed it! ♥
I don't mean this in a bad way, but I sure wish I could make a shit ton of money by making sounds in a microphone.
I love the sounds the beads made towards the end
The only thing I didn't like about the video was that the necklaces made of little seashells were so quiet that I had to adjust the volume mid-video to even hear them at all. :/\nOther than that the video was very very calm and relaxing. I enjoyed it very much. ^^  :)
You Look So Pretty! I Bet You Get All The Guys...\n\n\nAnyways, Around The Comb In Plastic Part, You Looked So Sleepy, And So Did I! The Comb Is So Deliciously (I Know That Sounds Weird) Tingly, And Your Videos Put Me To Sleep In An Instant 😻\n\nBUT....\n\n\n\n\n\nMy Neck Does NOT Smell That Nice
This is your most triggering setup yet maria. I would move the mics a little closer together though so that the inter-aural time difference is nearer that of a real head. (and if you haven't already make sure they are in figure-8 mode not omni mode). the sennheisers are a little dull also so maybe add a little top end at 10-12k if you have that facility.
I'm. Very picky person about ASMR and the sounds that certain sounds make. But this.. Just is so perfect I can even explain. Keep up the amazing work❤️❤️😊😊
Loved it , please make more like this ❤
my mic cost me $20 and that was birthday money\nit can't even handle me singing when not at full volume unless i back away from it, and the white noise it makes is quite loud, but again - it was $20.
I'm so relaxed by these videos
Do either mouth sounds or trigger words!!! 😴😴
You're very attractive
Comb in the plastic is so relaxing 😮😏
Your hair, your make up, your outfit! Perfect! I want to look just like you. LOL Oh...and your video is SUPERB! Love it! :)
I can't get over how beautiful you are 😍😍
Amazing video. I really love the new microphones. Great job as always.
I was in doubt first, but this video proved it to me: I only get tingles when she whispers into my right ear. That's so weird 😅
You are glowing and radiating beauty.... 😍😍😍
A whole video of really close up whispering with these microphones would be so great, I don't get tingles anymore but I feel like a video like this could maybe bring them back💕
You are beautiful and amazing
am i the only one who loves that top with the choker ?
Pink comb = eargasm. Lol please do more! Love the new mics too.
I wish this wasn't such a niche subculture, I'd LOVE to date an asmrist, but I can't find anyone who even knows what it is 😢
You should make a whole video with that pink comb💓great video by the way
I love how the ASMR community is so positive. There is never any negativity even though negativity is so evident in youtube.
I love ASMR, but ASMR logic: New video, new microphone :-)
Maria's choker in this video is EVERYTHING 😂😍
If you interchange the left and right microphones, you´ll get a better 3D effect. Anyway, your sound is great.
I had an idea that you might like for a Halloween video! We had a party last weekend and I got dry ice for a spooky cauldron in the backyard. But With really warm/hot water on the dry ice, it actually bubbles and sounds so cool. Might be fun to try with the binural mics!
I have that hair comb at home
Does anyone else love these new mics but also love the top that she’s wearing? It’s gorgeous! ❤️
Hair looking extra fabulous today ^_^  Thanks for the video!
Only Maria could make a Walmart sweater look that damn good ❤️
the last part of the video was awesome editing it was like you had a twin sister! also verycool for halloween like you are a ghost! xoxo
I'm sensitive but the pink comb didn't make me tingle or give me goosebumps.. it's probably because I don't have earbuds or headphones
watching asmr with my over sized razer gaming head phones its like OH MAH GAWD you guys should try it if you have a pair of krakens
Oh damn it. I've been trying to sleep for several hours and i'm about to wake up in 2 hours. I've keps scrolling through all these kind of videos in a while, and the only thing i get is feeling uncomfortable. Especially when people keep whispering, that makes me worry about how someone is about to murder me and wonder if I did lock the door. And seeing it doesn't really fix the problem. Back to the Liza videos, somehow they make me sleep..
You look similar to Kate Middleton (Princess in UK), only with lighter hair obviously.\nDon't mind me - just passing through :)
When you can't find your earphones. 😭😭😭😭
oh how I love the comb
2:36 that made me extremely uncomfortable...it sounded like termites in my ears
This video gave me tingles galore 🤤 Please use more slime!!
If you wanna browse, here you go: \n\ngoogle.com
DID YOU SAID I LOVE MASS EFFECT?
I was wide awake.\nNow I'm yawning and can't stop.
does anyone know which other videos has the comb in plastic ??!!
She’s like a cutesy witch casting a tingly ASMR spell on us🖤
I loved this..great job.. congrats on the marriage... Great to have you back, I missed your videos
This is my mega favorite video of all times!!!
Brain, Huh wonder what all this fuss about the pink comb i..... Oh lordy.
If you like the comb she has a cod it’s called intoxicating sounds and it has the comb in it
Who gets help sleeping while listening to this? Because I've never listened to it while going to sleep
Nice to read these comments abt ppl listening to this with some super high quality headphones and getting amazing tingles when im over here with my old cheap earpuds, one of them twisted like fifteen times so it would be just in the right position to even work LMAOO
I'm getting tingles down to my feet hahahaha holy shit! I love you Maria
Those new mics... OMG! I feel the sound deep in my ear 😻😻 I LOVE THE SOUNDS IT MAKES, specially when you whisper 💕 Thank you so much!
“What do you think? Good?” YES! VERY GOOD!
Honestly, i love seeing people get new things. That happiness in tandem with ASMR... ugh just awesome. New mic asmr is some of the best there is, cuz people are just so excited to mess around with them and see what new triggers and stuff they can come up with.
I love that you make all the sounds go slowly. I love lots of other ASMR channels, but so many of them tap and crinkle so quickly it severely diminishes the calming effect.
You are genuine!!
Really just want that sweater 😍
Ima be honest, this was the most relaxing slime ASMR
Well Gentle Whispering is becoming more and more a Godess isn't She? \nBest ASMR artist!
I absolutely love sounds from behind the ear, especially whispers! So excited for your new videos with these microphones!
this is so tingly!! thanks <3
You are so amazing! Thank you for making going to sleep so much easier and pleasant 💕 kisses from Brasil
Omg I love your sweater it’s so cute!!❤️❤️
I like ASMR but never really got tingles, this is just realxing for me but I had tingles for the first time with this video !
Those back whispers omg made me go tingling overload but it made me move for some reason idk why
When Maria whispered in both mics, my whole body did a thing and I don’t know what it was but it needs to happen again
I love how in the description she shows the time! So exciting!   l( '.  ') l
i feel like these mics would be good for a twin trigger word video
Hello!!\n\nYou can go to www.google.com for browsing!😋😋\n\nOr just relax😴😴
Love those mics
Hiiii
What a gorgeous female human.
this is amazingggggg
9:43 Ear Orgasm comfirm
i like 23:16
Shell beads sound like rain 😍
Sennheiser Im Gay 4 is my favorite microphone
Ooooo I like
Omg them mics are incredible
DO A WHOLE WHISPERED VIDEO PLEASEEE
THE PINK COMB YES
Love the smile 😘❤
Do another one plz
Um love that shirt!!
Please do more  
GENTLY WHISPER. SHE SAID IT
THE BEST ASMR CHANNEL❤
I'm a holosexul
Nice hair
Love the shirt your wearing but you should loosen the laces and show more cleavage
Dude u're like 50, take that shit out of your neck
how does she have 1 mil
Leme smash
my asmr trigger is lightening mcqueen saying “ka-chow” in a medium volume
I love it and you remind me so much of an actres
JOI videos
i think you need to STOP
I think he’s talking about Saffron Barker for the sexual dream 😂
First Caspar video I've really enjoyed in a while
If you guys wanna see some weird costumes for halloween, go on my channel lol
lmao i need a part 2 of this video
THE LIPSTICK ON HER TEETH
You guys make a cute couple together❤️
My childhood has uh just been ruined... sorry mom and dad
I found this videos uncomfortable and funny at the same time😂😂😂
Eva I never new you were like this
*I honestly want a girl who masturbates* 😂😂 *TF am I talking about* 😂😂
Caspar I know that you know who your talking about for British YouTube with blonde hair and that Joe will kill you \n \nit 's Zoella
He said he has little penis
Is Eva in a wig????
Do a collab with dan and phil
love you and eva sooo much. love you
Was the dream about Connie aka Noodlerella?
make more with other youtubers
Wtf was her hair
I'm curious to watch the video where she pee's fuck u eva u slut :)
When they blur it out but you still figure out what they said
When they spun Shaniqua I died😂😂😂
Caspar such a perv
Ava or eva with that gucci belt tho
why is Caspar sitting in his underwear?
confirmed! caspar's into blonde girls
he just wants to get in her pants 😉😏
Eva has such small thighs omg i’m jealous
You should do this again with Eva or someone else!
Why is she wearing a wig it looks botched \n\nOmg imma feel so bad if it's something medical
She's so annoying
Where are the dares?
Hey, guys! I've got something special for you:\nhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1fmNiyMXSf1VrAA8_ePxxzlPzO-K9H9cwq5E3hYVUv-M/edit?usp=sharing
I'm sorry but her hair, like is she wearing a wig it looks awful
He almost pulled her dear wig off😂😂
What’s her new hair sorry but
I feel like it gets more views yeah right casper we all know your crushing on eva
1:32 poor baby can't see😂😂
She had lipstick on her teeth and it was real annoying
I actually really don't like girls who have to find reasons to talk about their partners. Just answer the question rofl
Please do more I am laughing so hard rn
when are you posting the second verse?
I CAN’T LOOK AT EVA THE SAME WAY ANYMORE
YOOO CAN WE GET A PART 2 THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST VIDEOS IVE EVER SEEN AHAHAHAH
I’m way too innocent for this.
YES YOU ARE BOTH BACK WITH THE DAUGHTER
95% of comments : “I SHIP THEM SO MUCH” 😂
I will sub again if you release the second verse.
Did anyone see that shadow in the door go to 2:20 -2:33
Caspar where’s the second verse? It’s been a month :(
I enjoy it. But yours voice too loud...why you creaming. It's scaring me.
I am actually crying right now
Sorry but I wish Caspar had a sexual dream about Joe😂✌ #jaspar
“she’s freaky, she likes it doggy style” immediately leaves the room hahahahaha
Can u make another vid with madeleine??
I laughed so hard! I knew Eva had a darker side 😂
YouTube in 2016:\nWe had a kid together but not really hahaha that would be weird\n2017:\nSEXUAL TRUTH OR DARE EVA YOU ARE CRAZY
Ummmmm Casper where's the second verse!!!!!
Am I the only one who notices the shadows?
Sleep, same.
2:24 at the background of the glass door who saw that shadow walk past
Okay but like why is adam so hot
Eva: you have a really soft stomach *low key trying to feel his abs*
I'm a mom and it worries me that the purée said 2-6 months .. 2-6??? Babies shouldn't eat before st least 4 months of not after 6 months
When he said first things first I thought of dans diss-track bc I'm phan trash
I'm crazy she's crazy I love her already but Casper we all know why you want sexaul because you know want her😜😘😍🤗
Ugly bitch
Poor shanqua
Her wig is horrible
MORE
eeva
This is......TMI
Awww he’s so cute
Zoella
triggered.
PART 2 !!! PLEASE
4:23 I’m sorry tmi me too 😂
Do more videos with mylifeaseva❤️
SHE PEES ON PEOPLE
Distrac
I masturbate to fall asleep omg 😭😂😂😂😂
Best video ever😂
silent assassin XD
Second time she's been exsposed😎
Did u notice he is on underwear look 0:18
I feel bad for her bf all he can hear is condoms breaking and screaming coming from the bedroom
Do a second Disstrack
PLEASE DO BRAIN FREEZE WITH LIZA KOSHY!!!!!!
Caspar I Think You Mean Fangz The Youtuber Search Up Fangz
Sexy truth or dare ?? Is there any other type
Should I be sad that when Caspar said First things first! My first response was YOU'RE FREAKISHLY TALL IT'S WEIRD YOU LOOK LIKE A NOODLE?
“She pees on people” 😂😂😂😭
RIP headphone users
This is nasty
Love you
4:22 nooo Eva😂😂...
poor shaniqua
Is caspar gay??
Caspar is so cute
I learn sm bout eva
Evas hair looks like awig
*M COUNTDOWN Today*\nI'm so nervous😣\n1st win please happen 🙏
i'm a loyal BTS stan and I gotta say this MV is so aesthetically pleasing omg, the beat, their vocals, the dancing...ah just perfect!!! regretting the fact that i've been sleeping on them for too long *_i'm stanning_* 😭 Dongho is now officially my bias 💕✨ (Minhyun too! even though he's not with them in this comeback) ❤️
I hope nuest w perform at MAMA
wHY DIDNT I NOTICE THIS WAS RELEASED? I- \nLEGENDS *LEGENDS*
Anyone still streaming? Please keep streaming!
Hi there I'm BtoB fans supporting Nuest rise in 2017\nHopefully no more 2012 debutee flops again after this\nBtoB Nuest rise together this year
Goo goo gooo 🏆\n\nLet's get the prize Nu'est W💪💪
Pledis please turn off the download option... It's make the viewers increase slowly :((
Although views are increasing slowly, please dont give up!  Fighting!! \n👏👏👏👏\n#nuestw #whereyouat
I'm so proud of all fandom but the views are increasing slowly, please don't give up. Thank you L.O./\.Es around the world. Fighting!!!
Good morning 😉😉 ..\nLet's streaming 😤😤😤
I listen this song everyday 🙈
Please clear your history every time  you watch the mv. Plus always type and search and then stream till the very end to gain views on YT without the video being frozen.
Woow, Nu'est rank #4 for AAA👏🏻👏🏻Seventeen rank #5\nThe fandom really grow up!
4,376,074  \nLas vistas no están aumentando 😩\nSigamos reproduciendo con la misma intensidad !!!\nSi queremos que los chicos ganen premios debemos hacerlo!!!🙏
sigamos reproduciendo
STREAM STREAM STREAM
careat here to support nu'est ♥
4.366.302 + CJ channel 1.608.219 = 5.974.521
4 365 902 SOOON 5M! Lets do it LOVES : )
5m
Today they will be on stage for MCD :)\nPS. Don't forget 'Stream MV', 'Steam Live', Stream Korean Chart', 'Vote Show Champ'
GUYS WHERE YOU AT? 😭
Views where you at?
This mv look like 4-walls f(x) 's mv, it's butterfly effect \nFighting Nu'est!!!
4.39 M. Come on LOVEs
Believe in the power of LOVEs you guys!! We can do this!! 💪💪💪💪💪
Just an a little advice to whoever put the thumbnail of this video...next time put them all  in the video thumbnail...because each of them has a different fan base...even on produce 101...each of them worked hard to promote their band...in various ways like joining variety shows and whatever...
I can’t stop playing thiss
OMG! I loved so much! It's really good!
Please don't slowing down for NU'EST W. Keep streaming and I know it isn't an easy task, but getting their first win for the past six years will make them proud and able to work harder in the future to become an successful group.
a little bit more.. GO 4.4M!!!
This mv deserves best music video nomination on MAMA .. but they really dont know the value of gems ..
TODAY, NU'EST STAGE MCD, PLEASE HELP FOR THEM 1ST WIN :( T.T
Hey L.O./\.E , Do you have streaming? Let's get Where you at 10M views???
If you are seeing this PLEASE STREAM AND VOTE FOR THEM AT THE MNET PAGE PLEASEEEEE\nLET'S GET THEM THEIR DESERVED FIRST WIN❤❤❤
Make it 5 mill guys....we can do it
Youtube did you make view so low ?
tbh I love this song
Moving so slow I hope they win someday. I have been  rooting for them since day 1 when I saw their variety show they were so cute and funny I don't know why they didn't take off from that point. They have grown so much vocally. Aron sings more when in the beginning he could barely speak a few words in shows and interviews because he is a California native and left USA to Korea not knowing Korean and now speaks it fluently I mean geez have they all grown in one way or another.
I love Nu'est very very much \n4,384,923 views\n384,923 loves
KEEP STREAMING LO/\ES! It's time to make the real work! FIGHTING!!!
I was just wondering why Aron oppa looks so good. I mean, dayummm :9 he's awesome indeed.
PLEASE STREAM MORE AT THIS MOMENT. WE NEED MORE VIEWS TO WIN ON M COUNTDOWN
LOVEs, PLEASE KEEP STREAMING!!! IT INCREASES SO SLOW😣😣😢😢😢 PLEASE PLEASEEE
For first win !!!! Dont stop!!!
The fuck with youtube! \nThe views stop! I've been watching the mv but the view are still the same.
Please keep on helping and supporting nuest to get their first win!!!!!
how about 12.000.000 in a month?
4,3M! I'm so happy!
heartaches.
4,397,747 views
4,397,742  5M GO GO GO !
4,397,299
Mis bebes merecen su primer Win 💙
4,393,396
Still here and still streaming <3
4.4 M plz
4392409
Fighting! NU'EST W & LOVE
4.391.207 visualizaciones
Please stream more 😢😢😢
Fighting!!!
4,384,403
4,311,917
4,383,086
4 382 980
GO GO !!!
love u guys
4.376.074
4,376,074
soy su fan numero 1
♡♡♡♡♡
4,368,274 views
4.368.205
4.394.243 LOVE FIGHTING FIGHTING ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤
Noone is streaming???
GoodlooK Today¡
fighting streaming loves 💕🔥
fighting loves ^^
nice
5 millons!! Please stream!!!
💖 Goal : 5m 💖
JR ♥♥♥♥♥
4376539
Where you at minhyun
Nu’est Fighting!!
4.364.938
fighting!! fighting!! fighting!!
Love This!!!!
LOS AMOR SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA
maybe koreans watch this mv through naver. And a lot of people including me listen to this song through streaming site such as melon naver spotify etc..that's why views is increasing slowly i think..they had become really big in korea but their international fans are still not much..
Octubre 19, first win. Are you ready?
GUYS BILLBOARD WROTE ABOUT THEM AGHH
So happy to see them making music again. I know it's not all of the members. But just happy they can continue their careers. I hope people give them a chance. This is a really great song. And the members are as handsome as ever!!! 💓💓💓😍😍😍👏👏👏😣🙆😣🙆😣 FIGHTING!!!
This is soooo good. Let's continue to support Nu'est
feel like only me streaming...😞😞
I'm so worried to nues't w, I read some news about them being  hates  by some media because  past one member  problems,so we should  pray  and work hard to support them whatever hapend  do not lose our hopes...sorry for my bad english..
4,397,747 ?
Who is this beauty @ 2:02 😍
You're talented and hilarious!
Your amazing..I love Ur videos. They always make me happy.
I’m a bat with a broken wing
The first sfx look I ever did was a cut on my calf. I used white glue, toilet paper, and red and purple lipstick, and yanno, I have come so far since then. Everyone starts somewhere!
I love how this video has exactly 666k views
Who else thought that in the cover of this video she was supposed to be Annie Titan Form  from Attack On Titan ?;-;
Im gonna *BEE* a black cat witch
I'm BEEing mad hatter what kind of face paint should i use also im the johhy depp one
The personal lube had me rolling 😀🐝
I live in Georgia and we do NOT have enough Halloween stuff for my liking...
Ima BEE {hehehehehe} your black and white clown!!!
I'm being a pizza for Halloween and I'm wearing that shit to school
She drives a Tesla😮 how did I not know😂
Love this but why does every you tuber own a tesla
Hella excited for all the Halloween videos, boiiii.
with that hair you look like selena gomez a couple years ago
*when she pulled out the lube*\n\nHUNNY NOOO WHO HURT YOU?!
This is amazing! It actually has a cute look to it!
I’m going to bed Coraline Jones 😆
I couldn’t take you seriously when you were having an identity crisis because your eyes were  black
I’m being Michael Jackson
Calvin, this is the world. XD
Mykie I'm gonna be the Devil for halloween.. Do you have any idea how to make it unique??
We must protect calvin the puppo from all the horrors of the earth
AT LEAST I AM A SHOWGIRL! TAKE YOUR ASS BACK TO PARTY CITY WHERE YOU BELONG
Im planning to do Rem From Re:Zero ^^
The song was \nMadonna - Vogue\nWhen she was shopping
You should have been zombie Elsa
This absolutely killed me xD
Plan Bee LOL
I fucking love short haired Mykie
Mykieeeeeeee i luv yuuuuu
BUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
dude, youre a zombee
Buzz
Sexy
CARELESS WHISPER
she has a tesla omg
Billy from jigsaw
Ty!!! Im so glad u did a party city vid!!!!
Those Scarecrow fangs are HELLA good. I have a pair and they have a special mold that you use. They click on and stay sooooo well. I had a bit of obsession with wearing them after I got them ahaha.
I LOVE YOU SHOES AND YOUR SOCKS I DONT KNOW WHY IM SCREAMING LOL
I am sorry but you look like a zombie version of graveyardgirl hahahahah
This video has me in tears
I want a tesla too ! \nI love ur videos so much :D
I agree, Mr. Robot is a good show.
Hi Mikie!! We love your video's!!  Could you please do a tutorial on the Babadook?
Love watching the videos but what do you recommend for people who can't wear latex for things like Prosthetics
she looks/sounds like lily from princess diaries at the end
If only u could see my insta I uploaded my first sfx
That's one fucked up Pikachu!
This was a flashback to the Neon Zombae series
her voice reminds me or mabel from gravity falls at the end of the video
Even though you where dressed up as a zombie bee you still look fricken cute doe Idk how 😂❤
Are you driving a Tesla!!??! Omg Goals
Ripley been wanting that mouth sense your Melanie  tutorial
Where did you get your thigh bag😍😍
Where you ge the lenses?
you low key reminded me of mila kunis before you started putting on the makeup
please do an american horror story themed tutorial !! like pepper would be amazing!
Where do you get your contacts? I've never worn any before but feel like it's a must have for a zombie costume which I will be attempting to do this year.
Hey guys it's Nicole
your a zombaby get it
She’s a zomBEE 😍😂❤️
I’m gonna be a zombie alice from alice in wonderland
You should add moana to the princess series but like have her look like she drowned and been on the ocean for a long time
I'm going as jigsaw because it's really simple and easy to do on a budget
mykie: try to make a good halloween costume\nmykie to mykie: ZOMBEE
B⃣R⃣E⃣A⃣K⃣I⃣N⃣G⃣ N⃣E⃣W⃣S⃣\n\n\n\n*****CANIBAL DEVOURS WOMAN WITH JAUNDICE AND YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT INVESTIGATORS FOUND.
I got a plan b *buzz*
If you don't have lube us Vaseline
what are you beautiful people being for halloween?
You should do more vlog like videos! ❤️❤️
I'm being a zomBAE for Halloween. I'm wearing a cutie dress but zombie makeup
If you say buzz one more time😑😂
I'd love to see more overwatch stuff. Love you 💕
Party city employee over here \n\nJUST STRESSED OK
Need to know for a costume where to find liquid latex in Canada. It’s not at any pharmacy or dollarama. I’m trying to recreate one of your looks and I’ve got everything but liquid latex. If anyone knows please reply and help out a Canadian zombæ
Loving all the pun😂😂🐝🐝
she looks like one of those strippers from Deadrising.
If you wanna bee scary bee a bee thoes are scary with there butt daggers
where did you get your sclera lenses??
I love watching Halloween related videos because in my country it's not such a big thing, people don't celebrate it here... btw love your videos so much! 💜
She didn't even try to hide her other hair 😂😂😂
I'm sorry. But what did you say you used to make your wounds juicier?? Lol
Buzz 🐝
Dana Scully from X-Files
4.50 OKAY WHO SEES IT
You’re a zomBEE
Buzz
she reminds me of Yolandi xD
Your a zombaebee
Thir is 666k views
She's so funny omg
Nice video idea. So smart
MYKIE IS DRIVING A TESLA AGHHH😭😍😭😍
OH HUNNEY YOU LOOK SO GOODDDD
So many puns! But super hilarious
You should highkey do Wyborne from Coraline when his mouth gets sewn shut
I'm being a nerd zombie, it doesn't cost that much
Please comment like and subscribe
I wonder why he didn't comment? Maybe he just wanted to focus on why he was there. Hey just realised that is Harvey Weinstein! He has his own shit to deal with right now.
m.
one of the homies said lmfao
I'm so proud of ma boy ayyy
Kris Wu you rockin' man♥
The song is lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥
OMFG his voice in English so cbeucihlmcrfgiwocdho.
baby u deserve the song, yeah yeah yeah...
I didnt even know beats headphones even had a radio show until now!
Yasss, Kris!! Keep doing you thing!! Stay winning!! <3
love kris！
I Love his sexy voice ughh....sooo hot \nKris Wu❤❤❤
Kris Wu? More like King Wu
THATS MA BOY!
Ultimate power couple.
Love kris❤️
Not to sound too thirsty but Kris looks like a whole meal
Just heard the song and it's lit🔥🔥
PLEASE GO AND SUPPORT THE SONG ON ITUNES \nMEIGENIS LETS DO THIS
Yass, boy work it!
kris is so cool
Well done Kris！👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
make history！Kris wu！！！！！
Kris 😍🔥 The King ❤
I don't kn othrs things but when he speaks that deep voice is my fav.
exo fans must be so jealous rn lmao kris and luhan are worth more individually than all other exo members combined.
That's our boy , kris never disappointed us with music
I prefer his English to his Chinese. It sounds more natural
they have a show cool
your new song is great
THATS MY BABY MAKING IT BIG
Damm, listening his voice on headphones is too much to handle. Where can I find this complete interview?
i could listen to him all day
i'm so proud of he is Chinese
Happy for Kris even after all that happened.\nEXO is successful and Kris and Luhan are successful. \n\nKris got that European accent tho!
looks like he's been studying his urban dictionary lmao
I came for his voice 💖💖💦
IM SO PROUD OF YOU OUR GALAXY!
I LIKE THE SONG
I love KW very much,he so dope!!!
that's my boy!!! so proud of him. dat voice tho❤🌚
I don’t like his glasses and hair
I miss his voice 😊
I DID NOT KNOW HE CAN SPEAK ENGLISH...IM SHOOK.
I LOVE KRIS ENGLISH ACCENT SO DAMN SUCH!!!!! aha it so different. I'm so done with my British accent lol
I'm still waiting for that Migos interview... Will it be uploaded soon, +Beats 1 Radio?
Kris is definitely the shit right now. He's on his A game. I can definitely see that he shines the most doing what he wants to do. And now look at this boi comin out global!
He has improved so much! From singing, acting, and playing on the NBA he has learned so much.
damn he's so diff here than when he was with exo lol. glad he found the real him!
Here's the female version of Kris Wu's Deserve:https://youtu.be/2BfzpmdtkxU
kris
하필이면 스캇이 왜...
this guy speaks good eng
Kris Kris Kris deserve
Love u KRIS💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
声音好有磁性
As an EXO-L we are so proud to see them like this 👄,hopping all of them success & we r not jealous,, WE ARE PROUD OF (KRIS WU ,LUHAN & TAO) OT12 IN OUR HEART 👑👑👑
曲風聽起來類似韓 流 //
Mai boi!!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
88rising
Why does it feel like he’s trying so hard to talk like Americans
Kris knows how to hustle!
kris accent....😍😍😍
🔥
Kris wu sohottt~~
Kris!!
HER VOICEEEEEE 💖
KRISSSS
KRIS RISING<3
Clicked on the thumbnail thinking it was ricegum
kris wu!!!
he talks like bella hadid lmfao
lol trying so hard we vibing this and vibing  that STFU the track is wack.... and ur ruining the china hiphop scene
OWSLA
See although I loved the OT12 era with EXO, my boi Kris chose the wrong company, he obviously loves Hiphop, he should've gotten into YG.
Ugh now I need a China-line collab. Know it ain't possible. But I hope one day in the future.
Had no idea his English was so good
Stop trying to act black LOLLLL
Omg I love that prank
Yo that's so funny XD
What it is, what it be, what it do doughhhhh
“New from subscriptions” ok YouTube....
*MOOSEY HEAVEN OMG!*
I HAVE NOICE HOME BUT DONT HAVE TWITTER
You know wendy
The dog is jealous
That shirt and that hair is on that dope dope
I want one  so badly
My dog is named moose
moose moose i love you.
You are the best YouTuber
I love you so much more than 1st  good😇😇😇😇😇😇😘😘😘😘😘
Moose's red rocket is out and about on the first cut-out lmao!!
That prank was so good I thaught it was real 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
that a good  prank
Alex I officially hate you ,you were gonna show the surprise the the into had to come in now I have to watch the whole video I don’t actually hate but
i don't have twitter but i have snapchat please can i have one
This got ruined for me. I watched Lauren's vlog first!!
I have subscribed liked and this is my comment
I love your vids. Your are the best youtuber ever!!!! I subscribed.
Once my son did that to me he put so much pugs everywhere.
what did you name it?
Why did you waste money but for real that was good
that was so cool
Alex I would love to have a moose picture
That was the crazy prank I never seen good job Alex way to go yeah
you should sign some
I want a 🐶
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!Wau
Moose is sooooooo poo CUTE!!!!!!
This so CUTE😍😜
I want Moosie,mossie is SO CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your popsocket 😍😂😍
I want one Alex wasabi
I just got clickbaited
GOOD ONE ALEX💥
Lol 101 Moosie Bears
I love moose
Best prank ever
Hi
I want one
OMG 🐶🐶🐶
Lol❤💯🐶
I   Do
Sigh
i want a moose so bad
I HAVE A DOG NAMED MOOSE.........I SUPPPPPOOOOORRRRTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I got a puppy ad before this XD
I thought it was real puppies
awwww moosie is adorable real and unreal i'd love another dog but my hubby won't let me the meanie
Hey Alex please do a cheating prank on Lauren.
i love you so much alex
Can i have ones????
that is so cute
It's so cut that Alex has the little thing behind his phone and it has moose and lauren
I saw that on her Snapchat story yesterday lol
Theu looked real in the thumbnail. It would been better if rhey were actual dogs
Did anyone notice it said bf vs bf
Can I still have one
I want a MOOSIEBEAER but I don't have insta WWWWHHHYYYYY
YOU GUYS SHOULD MAKE A MOUSIE BEAR WALL WITH ALL THE CARD BORD MOUSIES :D
I don't have twitter why you do this to meh
I thought that it was full of different dogs
When she opened her eyes my tooth fell out lol 😂
Guppy?
THIS IS SO SWEET OMG 😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️
I don't have a twitter but I would love a moose in my room thank you keep up the good work
Is it still a prank if she knows that there is a prank?
You can put ur autograph on them and send them out too the wasabiends
I really wanted to end there but I don't have a Twitter and I'm not allowed to!!!!😭
So flippin' cute!!@!!!!!!!
Moosie moosie bear!!!!
I WANT A PUPPY!
Your doggie is gorgeous!!
I want a moose!
Moose's reaction to the dogs was adorable!
Was it just me or was Alex red in the intro?
I thought they were real
WHY ARE ALEX GETTING RED!!!!
high pitch voiced faggot
i want one moose
Jeeez almost 10mil
AYYE WHATS UP
🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶
MOOSE HEAVEN OMGG 😂😂😂🦄🦄🦄🦄💜💜💜💜💟💟💟💟🎉🎉🎉🎉👌👌👌👌💖💖💖💖☺️☺️☺️☺️🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻😝😝😝😝😝😍😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥👌👌👌👌🎈🎈🎈🦄🦄🦄🦄💟💟💟💟💜💜💜💜🎉🎉🎉🎉
Me me
OMG that's so cute 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😎😎😎😎😎
XD
You sucks
i bont have twere
Pick me plz
I wan moose so bad
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Awesome!!!
you are the  best in the younewirse to me love Zankia
i thought your gonna bring lots of puppies
You suck Alex get off YouTube
I love you and EVERYONE LOVES BABY DINO and you need to have a CHICKEN NUGGET CHALLENGE Please 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮if you read say purple 6 times in the intro
This past summer, as a camp counselor for 7 & 8 year olds, I ended up bringing my uke in to make up a cheer/song with the group. It quickly turned into us all singing Lava loudly as I played.
Do all Harry Potter Movies Ranked plz like
YES! I love this short so much! My boyfriend asks me to sing this to him as a lullaby sometimes ♥
I don’t think Lava need reason to be good, it just good. The end.
This is the only Pixar Short that made me literally cry
Partly Cloudy is always my favourite Pixar short, followed closely by La Luna!
No more amazing socks? NOOOOOOOOO! *in Claptrap's voice*
When I watched the lava song I started crying.😅
Whoa what about the fact that they were designed after the famous Hawaiian Rights Activist who sang the famous cover of Over the Rainbow and his wife??
I feel like the only person who did like 'Lava' . . .
I wanna watch this but official lava song is recommended.
Here’s my thought on Lou being so low: Lou is the newest animatic out there with the movie it came before not even on DVD so a lot of people haven’t seen it. Since people haven’t seen it putting it up against another animatic most have seen isn’t exactly fair\n\n\n\n\n\nI also think having far less dialogue is WAY better than the lyrics that run Lava
Listen, I think it's a really sweet little story. I do. But I can't be the only one that thought lava was a little... lame? \nAh I dunno, not my fave, anyway.
#bridecano #livelifebuttfirst
Omg you have a son, congratulations
Now I wanna watch Lava!
Why haven't I watched SuperCarlinBrothers in so long? I need to kick myself...
From what I've heard is that those two volcanos are based on Isreal something or other (Brother Iz is what they call him) and his wife or girlfriend... At least in their looks.
Oh my God, I almost fainted when you said this will be the very last addition to the supercarlinbrothers ... and then I was so relieved when you said sock club. I thought you were going to say that this was the last video you would be making. Your videos are absolutely awesome and I hope that you keep on making them indefinitely.
Awww can’t wait to hear more about your unborn son
What about the one with the old man anx chest
OMG I DIDNT KNOW YOU GUYS WERE HAVING A BABY CONGRATS MY FRIEND!! ❤❤❤
When u said u had a very sad announcement I thought u were quitting Super Carlin Brothers or like stopping for a little bit so u could spend time with ur wife and soon to be son
OMG UR GOING TO BE A DAD!!! I’m so happy for you J!
What place did day and night come?
I know Feast isn't technically a Pixar Short but you should talk about it!
It it brings me to tears. The love and wanting to be loved hit me personally. It was how I felt until I found myLele
The two volcanoes remind me of my grandparents. they got married when she was 18 and he was 21, and were together for over 60 years until she passed.
The little match girl 😭
LOL! I always have a real hoot watching your videos, though I havn't seen any in a bit, of course anything titled after LAVA would catch my attention! XD \nI Absolutely Love LAVA! I cried the first time I seen it in theaters, and then when I eventually showed it to my boyfriend (now husband), he cried too! XD so darn cewt dem volcanoes!\nAnyways we love singing it all the time, and then earlier this year when we found out we were pregnant, we knew our nursery theme INSTANTLY! Hawaiian Ocean. --But not just that! That mostly includes LAVA, Lilo & Stitch, and a little bit of Finding nemo.\nOf course we are going pretty far with a sea turtle theme now, but I am obsessed with wanting a huge picture of UKU & LELE over where the crib will be (SQUEE!) Of course I am working on that myself! But it will be so cute having those volcanoes sweetly watching over the baby!\n\nlol we are no where near even starting (nevermind completing) the baby room, but That is just my spiel on how much we loved LAVA too!!!  (Plus Uku reminds me a lot of my husband, who is a giant cuddly ball of mush XD  )
My Lava story: 1 days after meeting a, we were hanging out doing homework together outside. On my iPod, Lava began playing and I sung the chorus to which I heard another voice join me and sing the verses.He was singing with me. When it finished we both were amazed somebody knew and loved the song and it is one of the things which bought us closer together. We have been dating over 1 year now and it is one of our songs we sing together and listen to when we miss each other <3
None of these reasons are why it was the favourite.The video was pretty yet sad and the song was the sameThe end.
Bro, lava is boss. Ukuleles. Where's my bois at?
Oh God, please don't get into top 10's. Too many of those. Stay original like you always are.
Bound almost came in dead last...?! How?! There is an emotionally supportive Jackalope!
So I watched lava again... Not into it but probably because I can't relate.
Yes Ukulele is pronounced oo-koo-le-le. And uku means lice/flea. Lele means to jump. So jumping flea. Which describes what the Hawaiian people saw when the Portuguese people brought the braguinha and played it for them. Fingers jumping around the fret board like fleas.
I'm sad that Paperman didn't make top 3, it's my personal favorite! I'm also surprised that Get a Horse! wasn't in top 3.
My friend randomly brought a ukulele to school and during lunch she played a beautiful rendition of Lava and everyone stopped to listen.
Aw man, I was expecting you to mention the Mexican volcanoes Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl, they have a legend about an Aztec princess named Iztaccíhuatl that is in love with a handsome warrior named Popocatépetl, and they swore to marry if he came back after winning the war against the Tlaxcalans. But Popocatépetl's love rival overheard this and, jealous, told Iztaccíhuatl that his fiancé had died in battle. Heartbroken by this lie, she died. Some time later, Popocatépetl came back victorious to find out that his future wife had died. He became depressed, and wandered for days until he found a way to honor her death: he piled up 10 mountains to make a grave, took the princess in his arms and gently laid her down on top of the giant mountain, he kissed her, took a torch and kneeled before her to mourn her eternal slumber. They have been together since that day and his heart still beats bright red with the love for his princess.\nI think it's a beautiful story and the Lava short reminded me of it when I first watched it c:
My favourite short is day and night
You talked about your son kicking and I automatically liked the video ❤
Meh. I don't think Lava is that great. Made it even worse when I saw Inside Out. The 2nd worst Disney Pixar movie! 😑
My favorite was the one about the guy in a desk job who was sad but ended up finding happiness and making friends and I just connect with it a lot.
@SuperCarlinBrothers. Ey! I think your video is cut off at the end... The vid needs some music! My songs might help youtube․com/XimerTracks
It could have been a turtle from Moana because Olaf will be in front of Coco so a mix of Disney and pixar in the shorts isnt unheard of.
Not going to lie I bawled when I watched this Short in theatres.
I've been waiting for someone who is worthy of my lava. I hope to be worthy of his lava too.....
Personally the first time I heard lava I teared up because I was lonely and wanted to meet someone and had given up because of past failures. But then I met someone later in life and now I can hardly remember being alone anymore.
Harry Potter question: We know that someone's Patronous and Anigmas animal are the same, because we were able to see McGonagall's Patronous. But if you change your Patronous, does you Anigmus change too?
piper yes it ain't any of your business.
This one is my favorite too.
If you want a place as a person... Hetalia
#Bridecano enjoyed the vid!!!
R.I.P sock club
My Favorite short is Boundin'. I do not have a Lava story to share (but I love that short). Tournament ideas: Best Pixar movie, best Harry Potter movie/book, thins in the star wars prequels that sucks the least, best Disney song, and coolest movie character of all time.
It's pronounced Ookalaylee but it's been Americanized into Yukalaylee. So yeah, you're right to think you're pronouncing it wrong. also pronouncing ukulele in the proper way sounds like a pretty cool battle cry.
what!! they're pregnant!!!!
Anyone heard of Walk On’s?
Suck on my tater tots
I lava him already hahahaha
lava sucks
10 pfffffffffffffttttttttttttttttttttt more like 7 ; )
Not the socks!!!! Can't you guys like alternate or sell us more socks???
Lava is exactly like my life except I die alone and there is no happy ending. :,(
Can’t the turtles be kuru’s (from find Nemo’s) sons (or random kid-IDK)
Love super Carlin bros but every time I hear about the stupid kid I dislike the video
Honestly I'm not really a fan of lava. Idk why. Its just.... Not my favorite
Commenting before watching because I agree with this title
Geri's game still is and I think always will be my favourite Pixar Short it was probably the first 1 I ever saw and has ALWAYS been stuck in my mind
You should do a video on how Lava in connected to Moana. If it is at all contented
#ripsocks
Aren't they also based on a real island?\nLike, the shot of them together at the end always struck me that it must be based on a real place, probably a volcano called The Lovers or something.\nNo? Just Me? Anyone?
Ukulele is basically Hawaiian for dancing fleas. Because the first people to play them had fingers that moved so fast that they looked like, well whatever dancing fleas look like.
#supercarlinbaby
i dont have a lava story sadly i wish i did tho
My favorite was piper
Awwwwwww
I cry whenever I see lava
My favorite napkin story is Obi-wan writing his lightsaber plans on a napkin.
OH MY GOD I NEED TO SEE THE NEWBORN! MAKE A VLOG!
I think my sister is a valcano. \n\nSUPPER CARLEN BABBY BOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-D
100% agreed
Lava 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT THE SOCKS
Slow da down!
Best Tim Burton film poll
Congrats on #41 on trending!
41 on trending
I lava it
#ukulelescreamo
LAVA IS MY FAAAVVVEEERRRIIITTTE!!!!!!
Congratulations!
Julie Chen: But First
Boundin' is my favorite....
#LiveLifeButtFirst\nOne of my favorite hashtags btw 😂
Falling in Lava.
Lava makes me feel 😢.
Lava actually made me cry.
#livelifebuttsfirst!
Josh, I'm honestly wondering how, at this point, you don't burst into laughter at your own jokes. Like, that in itself is impressive.
I think this is a good camera angle for me
“oh yeah he’s a crisp man”
this was crap
is this whole series just an elaborate excuse for Josh to introduce us to amazing music? cause boi, i'm in
hey josh this is so great i love you youre doing amazing sweetie
jack screams when he laughs it's a lot
It’s manager *snap* josh, *snap* it’s manager *snap* josh *snip snap* plus my two favorite YouTube skit makers Jack and Deano. Love you guys❤️
I actually love these videos😂
I've never seen such a fair game show?? How are you such an impartial judge?? Honestly inspiring😍😍😥
Who am I to argue with... logic
The better question here is how Daniel J didn't burst out laughing before he appeared.
I'm going to be so upset when VIDEO is over
jack’s laugh > everything else
God love ya, Manager Josh
amazing. best trio
Iconic.
Why does jack want to kill mice so bad jeez what did Mickey ever do to u
Jack I think you broke my speakers.
I want to win a Daniel j Layton
Love your humor. This is old school YouTube. People just having a laugh for laughter's sake.
i am laughing too loud at this, like mistakingly farting laughing loud
Worlds best birthday gift.
You're genuinely one of my favourite youtubers now
this is hilarious hahaha
JUST-QUIZ LEAGUE, THAT'S. THE NAME OF THE GAME *dootdootdoot*
THE THREE CUTEST BOYS
don't ask me why but im crying at the cRISP MAN
Please never stop making these, they are brilliant
how can I also win a Daniel J Layton
i've watched this four times now it's great
I am wondering how long you can keep churning these out until people get bored. Keep going Josh!! A+ content
The quality content we all need
i got this to 1k likes bitch
I have no words...
Just a few lads crackin a cold one
I'm living for these
Honestly one of the best videos I've seen in a long time.
You are good enough Josh, you're good enough for anything.
Josh calm down, you're approaching WOTO level content with this work of art
I'm gonna miss this quality content when October is done
I think this was well managed....
Why is dean so cute
I feel like this was edited in hitfilm. Hitfilm used that text. \n\n\nI'm soz
bopping to the top in that outro
😂😂😂😂😂
Dean is a smol bean
Dean's fucking FACE
cRYING
gary lineker shags crisps
this was ART.
G O L D
Deen's face. Lol! He's like wtf?!
poor dean
look at my bby dean :,)
I actually, genuinely choked at same question
my favourite boys wowowowow
I loved this omg
also what a bunch of pretty boys
#YIAYpoint\nZ O I N K S *SCOOBITH*
to shut off Daniel #yiaypoint
Are you okay?
#YIAYpoint to be featured on YIAY ❤️
#yiaypoint Over there.
#YIAYpoint ............POINT
first
#YIAYpoint an index finger
#YIAYpoint money and bitches
The point of life is to BRING GLORY TO MOTHER RUSSIA!
What does the lightswitch mean? I’ve been wondering
#YIAYpoint the point is the point obviously
#YIAYpoint There is no point. Life is depressing. Sooner or later we all die and everyone will forget about you. Soon everyone will die. All life will end and we have no control over it.
#YIAYpoint there is no point, not even to ponder an existential crisis with our inadequate, ape-derived brains. There is no point and there doesn't have to be. Yes, life is intrinsically meaningless, but that shouldn't decrease your enjoyment of it. If anything, it should increase it. This is the only life you get to live. To quote: A sunrise doesn't need meaning to be enjoyed, the enjoyment IS the meaning.
#YIAYpoint sorry john I can't answer that, really nothing makes sense
Hi yes I still haven't received my paycheck for being a subscriber to jacksfilms
To anyone who wants the template at 0:37\nhttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/DLMi764VAAUxl3A.png
There is no point unless you sharpen one.... 8===D
You can’t pet dogs if you’re dead\n#YIAYpoint
#yaiypoint the actual point to life is to grow up find a mate have kids and then die it's the natural human instincts we are really no better then a dog
Writing Utensils for 200 \nThe part of the pencil where graphite extends to allow writing on a surface\n\n(What is the point) \n(Unless you’ve never seen Jeopardy then never mind)\n#YIAYpoint
The point is to wake up and find yourself a small snail that you can take care of, name it John, and teach it to dab. Then it will all be worth it. :)
#YIAYpoint you can start off with a pencil sharpener...
When is the what’s the point ep?
to dab on them haters amirite\n\n#YIAYpoint
.
You only need fidget spinner
#YIAYpoint the Nepal flag
#YIAYpoint dabbing
#YIAYpoint Dick
abso lutely
More protein..
Coordinates #YAIYpoint
#YIAYpoint Food.
. \n\n\n\n\n#YIAYpoint
Pthere \nOis \nIno \nNpoint\nTin life
#YIAYpoint 42
to watch your videos faggot #yiayPOINT
doggos
Nothing ..........just nothing
#YIAYpoint im trying to hard to get featured
#YIAYpoint\nThe REAL POINT of life is to reproduce to ensure the continuation of our species.\nSo we need to live to reproduce
42??? Duh #YAIYpoint
#YIAYpoint 48°04'04.5N 12°51'38.1E . yup
#YIAYpoint Because Gay
The person who made the 'Blood contract' was named Remus, and Remus is a mythological werewolf, whom is impossible to kill, unless his brother is killed, whom cannot be killed, unless his brother is killed, act.
#YIAYPoint To see if you got on yiay.
Damn. Cant believe it will be 1 year of YIAY next episode.
#YAIY The point of life is to die
#yiaypoint \npoint is somthing that has no dimension no height no length no height no depth the
The Awnser/Meaning  of life is 42
A point is this.
#YIAYpoint The point is to find the point (there isnt one, yet)
#YIAYpoint Being dumb enough to believe the best is still to come.
#YIAYpoint Well personality mine's a period.
#YIAYpoint the point of the pencil that has graphite at the tip so you can write, draw, etc.
#YIAYpoint the point is to win all those free gift card giveaways and to make poorly  edited 3D intros
the point of life is to not show off your 6th grade math puns in the youtube comment section
I wrote down everything in this video, THANK YOU!
#yiaypoint the point is to be a point
#YIAYpoint you're right. Time to die.
#YIAYpoint You know I really don't know anymore Jack
#YIAYpoint There's more than only one point. There's thumb tacks, knives, any triangle, etc!
What's the point of writing this comment if I am not going yo be in on yiay? #YIAYpoint
#Yiaypoint Jeez John, no need to be so blunt...
#yiaypoint being featured in yiay
#YIAYpoint The point of life is to waste it on youtube
#YAIYpoint get born, work your life away in an attempt to support yourself, make children, die.
#YIAYpoint yes
The urge to use the restroom. #YIAYPoint
#Yiaypoint  There is no point to life. That's why you have a big hole in your soul that'll never fill........ZOINKS!!
pɔɪnt/ the tapered, sharp end of a tool, weapon, or other object.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=THS0foW9KI8 #YIAYpoint
#yiaypoint roblox/minecraft lets plays
#YIAYpoint Big Booty Biches.
#YIAYpoint 👉Point👈
hentai #YIAYpoint
The emoji movie #YIAYpoint\n\n\nNOT
#YIAYpoint Point is one day excelling as human beings and saving the earth
there,s no point#jackvideos
Make out point. UP TOP! #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint there are 2 points birth and death .
#YIAYpoint\nWho ever said Youtubers are succesful?\n\n\nget it?\n\nbecause it's a good point?
what #YIAYpoint , Jack's Forehead doesn't End
The point is to not say there is no point. \n#yiaypoint
I get out of bed every morning because I have to pee
Is that what I call the thing in my pants? #YIAYpoint
#YIAYpoint To relive, or make up for, high school over and over again :/
#YIAYpoint nothing, there is no point
#YIAYpoint having a small forthelfe so Jack you do have a point
#yiaypoint there is no point
#YiayPoint well if your looking for a point on a rectangular hyperbola then I imagine you should you the formula y^2=4ax
#YIAYpoint to... LOOK AT HOW GOOD BLUE APRON IS!
The point is, well there is none... #YIAYpoint
What you need to start a YouTube channel:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nA naked man with an egg fetish
#YIAYpoint Life has about as much of a point as your Top 10 Farts video.
#YIAYpoint What if you don't need a point to anything in life?
#yiaypoint Memes. That's the point of life and what gets me out of bed...
#YIAYpoint Knowing you’ll always be better then someone.... because Jacksfilms exists
#YIAYpoint this is a point(.)
I came for the cute 30s animations, stayed for Darks souls 4
I saw this in Highlight reel, i thought it fucking hilarious xd
This guy approves.
I'M DYING EVERYWHERE ON MY BODY
Weird how everyone gets stuck on a different boss. Flower was easy for me but some like the Clown took ages.
Brevity is the soul of wit, especially if there are jizz sound effects added. William Shakespeare, probably.
You sound like your taking an 18-pound dump...
LMAO that victory climax at 0:10
self defence, martial arts, trampolining and pole fitness are amazing options no one ever thinks of!
i had a very similar journey! veganism has helped me embrace more veg and interesting foods, cook more (i used to be real into baking but now i love cooking healthy meals) and avoid crappy food without sinking into the cycle of restriction and overeating that i was stuck in for all of my adolescence. i've lost 15kg at this point and find i rarely crave sugary food. but i still eat a crapload of hot chips lmao
Omg....this video😥I totally can relate. Still, now in my 30s food is still a struggle. Loved the video and how open you are😽
Thank you for sharing. I have a pretty similar story, but i didn't loose as much weight going vegan. However cutting out dairy was a life changer for me. For the first time in my life I live without food cravings, it's amazing. My parents in law visited and they wanted to try eating vegan for a week. Sure enough it wasn't the meat they were missing, it was cheese and milk chocolate. They had to go and buy some after three days. I'm not sure this is a universal thing, but for me it was an amazing change! The only time (hilariously) I didn't experience food cravings was when I was pregnant. So maybe hormones have something to do with this? Again, thank you for sharing, you seem such a lovely person :)
I can relate to this so much, thank you for this video and sharing your story <3 (and, like, all the other stories. I really love your channel) I've been vegan for about 1,5 years now and it has really expanded the variety of foods I eat. I used to hate the texture of beans but now we're starting to be friends :----D\n\nI don't consider myself sporty and it's been difficult to find a form of exercise that I'd enjoy but last autumn I did and it's roller derby! I love that it's a mix of speed and strategy and contact, and learning to roller skate has been so much fun! The sport has such a strong, accepting and welcoming community and to me it has really helped me to embrace to body I live in and to see the strength and capability to learn that I have. So I can highly recommend roller derby if you're looking for a sport! :----D
Thank you for sharing <3. \nAlso what top are you wearing?
Thank you for sharing this video 💗
I can relate to this very well.  I was 7 when my grandfather started making advances towards me.  My parents were divorced, my dad mia and mother was in the navy.  I turned to food to cope with what I was going through.  I turned 18 and found out I had PCOS, a genetic disorder that makes it difficult to loose weight due to imbalanced hormones.  My relationship with food has been a constant war every day for 22 years.  I was anorexic, bulimic and obsessive compulsive with food.  It has been the longest  battle in my life.  Some days it feels all consuming.  I tried going vegan but found it triggered my ocd.  Thank you for sharing your story,  it's always heartwarming to hear similar stories from the other side.
You are so inspiring Kiera, I love watching you videos 💖
I can really relate to you. From the year or so I've been watching your channel I would have assumed that you'd always been thin. I think you're beautiful and intelligent... even more so now that I see how alike we are.
Great to hear your story <3 I'm sure a lot can relate somehow to what you've told us now, I know I can. You should feel proud of yourself, you've done an amazing job
You have shown us all that it is still very difficult. You say that you didn't want to talk about food on your channel but it really is one of the reason why all of us are here, we listen to you and look up to you, you are beautiful inside and out and you have inspired me to be better and helped me become Vegan. Please keep going and continue with this channel and talk about yourself and food, its brilliant! You're brilliant!
Hey try this before they are all gone! I had AMAZING success losing weight with garcinia extract. It burns fat, gives you energy and stops you from being hungry all the time. Well today is the last day they are giving away trial bottles. Grab one while you can before they are all gone here: http://www.getyourdeal.club/free/1DayGarciniaOffer
Hey Keira ❤️ thank you so much for this video - it hit home a lot for me as I've also struggled in the past (and I continue to even now)! About your What I Eat videos... please don't listen to the negative comments. These videos actually really helped me with my journey towards veganism because I saw how realistic your diet was. It was nothing too fancy, nothing expensive... I remember watching once of your videos where you do a vegan Tesco shop and I remember thinking wow actually it looks really easy to be vegan! You just buy more vegetables!. So yeah, it made the vegan diet seem much more do-able for me and is probably one of the bigger things that helped me push forwards in the right direction with my diet/morals :) I'm super glad you are feeling better about everything and I hope you continue to feel better every day :)
What a brave thing for you to do. I really appreciate your honesty and I'm so happy to hear you're feeling so much better. My ED has the tightest hold over me. It's videos like this one that give me hope that one day, I too can be happy within. Thank You so much. Xxx
I related to this so much. Thank you for making this video 💖
Eurgh I love you. Thank you so much for you being you!! 🍄
I found a lot more things that I would eat at others peoples houses too!
Going vegetarian has made me be way less of a picky eater. I am way more willing to try new foods.
thank you for this video keira, you're the best!!
Veganism changed my relationship with food too! And I'm so grateful to you for recommending the minimalist Baker as I can finally cook 😂. After hating exercise my entire life I have now joined a kickboxing gym and the impact it has had on my mental health is amazing. I feel the best I've ever felt, a workout works better than any anti depressant I've ever taken and I can't believe it!
I would have never known this side to you💭 thanks for sharing🙂 You are definitely one of the reasons why I started thinking more about vegan choices/ meals, and why I one day want to transition completely into that eating lifestyle !x
I really struggle trying to be Vegan and working full time 😔😔
Can I just say you are look absolutely stunning!!!! Thank you so much for this video. I’ve been struggling with food and my since I had my son 9 months ago, I’m vegetarian but because I’m so busy with my son and work I find it easier to just eat crap like a bag of crisps. But your video has inspired me to eat more fruit and vegetables and home cooked meals.
Aw Kiera! Thank you so much for sharing your story. Though you and I had different journeys (duhhhh different people), I feel exactly the same about veganism. It was like as soon as I started eating vegan, all the other problems I had went away. I stopped wanting to be thinner, restricting, calorie counting and just eat whatever I want, when I want. Everyone’s always saying how good I look physically, though I do regularly exercise now too. If you want any tips on how to get the ball rolling on exercising on the reg pls let me know. Sending love to you and Alex xx
I love your food videos ! They motivate me so much to eat better & to cook more & I love seeing meal ideas !
I ❤️ you so much Kiera ❤️❤️
What a brilliant video Kiera, huge respect for you for opening up about something so personal. I’ve had huge up and downs with food and my weight and have chronic ibs which makes things even more difficult! Have been wanting to go vegan myself for a long time but with ibs it’s extremely difficult and I haven’t found a way yet. Our relationships with food are such a complicated thing and the focus is always on weight loss above everything so thank you for talking about it from a different angle.
I too find it so hard  to motivate myself to exercise! It'd be great if you could share your journey when you get started ... it really is a mountain to climb ... Does Alex exercise? It's lovely he became vegan with you. Thank you for your videos!
I don't eat fruit. I eat pretty much all veg, but can't get over the fruit mental block :( hopefully one day
I adore you. And I love your what-i-eat-in-a-day videos so much more than most others, because they include a variety of foods of all kinds.
Thank you for producing such an honest video about food. I too had a big problem with textures of food growing up and it is nice to hear someone talking about it! I completely agree than Minamilist Baker is a life saver - has opened my eyes as well. I have only been vegan for 4 months now and have been enjoying getting to know you through your channel. It takes a lot of courage to go online and talk about these things and I really respect you for having the confidence to do so.
I didnt get my weight loss ca. 1,5 years after I went vegan. All the other people mentioned it to me and they still do. Sure, I realized I could downsize my wardrobe here and there in the sizes I needed to buy. I still don't weigh myself. That's what I stopped since I moved out from my parents house. Avery helpful video. Thank you Kiera. All the love. <3
Wow this helped me a lot and opened my eyes. I'm vegetarian and I stress over a lot and I found myself gaining weight rather then losing it. Then again my diet isn't the greatest.. but you've inspired me. I honestly always wanted to go vegan and I will get there one day but thanks for inspiring me!❤️❤️❤️
Just found you through this video loved it I wish I wash brave enough to talk about weight mental health and veganism on youtube but I love watching videos about it 💗
I think your food videos are really awesome! You show that you can eat what ever tasty food you want when you go vegan and you're not hard on your self and you show it for what it is, delicious! Anyone who's is vegan and promoting it is admirable. Not everyone needs or wants to be a health guru. You do you!! You're doing great work.
oh my god, thanks a lot for sharing.
Veganism is so beneficial in so many different ways!\n\nLoved this video <3
You look So gorgeous in this video!
Thank you for sharing this, Kiera!\n\nI used to struggle with eating disorders and when I'm in a bad place in my life, they would come back to haunt me. I recently made a big decision of following a long oppressed dream (becoming an artist) and everything immidiately clicked in place, including my relationship with food. I feel like eating disorders are often (at least for me) only the symptom of something else, something that - as you said - cannot be put into words, cannot be understood. So the ED becomes a cooping mechanism.\n\nRealizing this and turning my life around helped a great deal. Also educating myself on food in general and cutting meat and most of processed food out of my diet made me awere of my health more. Following you here and watching your food related videos always make me feel more confident and happy! :D I'm not vegan, but I love how you show the world that veganism is not some kind of elite lifestyle for the priviliged, but something normal that can be enjoyed by anyone. :) Thank you! ^^
My cat came to sit with my when I clicked on your video. Kind of sweet :)\nI (like so so so many others) have struggeled with food from a young age. I'm 29 and I'm still not OK with it, but since going vegan it's gotten better. I focus more on health than on weight and slowly but surely I think I'm actually heading somewhere :) \nThank you so much for sharing. You're such a wonderful and inspiring human being xx
Self defence classes? Hell yeah, become more like Xena!
I love this. I relate to this so much and I can say right now, my relationship with food is not the greatest. No one would even consider me fat but I was very overweight when I was younger and I still tend to feel like a little fat girl this was inspiring.
I had a very similar experience with food, I hadn't eaten onions until I was about 17 and only tried courgettes this year! I do not like a lot of food textures and I have a lot of food aversions! It was really nice listening to someone else talk about this The environment I grew up in wasn't good, and I was fed nothing but chicken nuggets and chips and other freezer food, when I moved in with my other parent at 14 it was mad, I'd never really seen fresh vegetables in my home before that and it's been such a long journey to start eating properly and enjoying food! Cooking is a big part of my life now and I also find it very therapeutic! I recently got into exercising, an I've been doing the wii fit aha, retro I know, but it's nice exercising when nobody can see you!
Thank you for this video. My eating disorder history is different but it is nice to see that you have gotten better and made progress. Seeing you talk about it and how it got easier is really encouraging.
Thank you so much for this video. I'm on my own journey to resolving my life long issues with exercise and food and it is so inspiring to see someone who has gone through simillar struggles and has come so far. No matter how many videos I watch of super healthy exercise and diet people I watch I never know where to begin but your channel actually makes it seem possible. Thank you for showing me that I'm not alone.
Ah I’m so proud of you! (And Alex!) thank you for sharing this with us 💕 you’re so amazing and definitely continue to inspire me. I’ll forever love your videos, super chill and feels like I’m hanging with my friend ❤️ (I’ve stuck around since your red hair days! And your pink/ purple fringe and blue hair days lol) so glad you’ve stuck with YouTube. Thank you 😊 much love 💕
This video made me tear up. Your story is very similar to mine, wow. I did eat more of a variety of foods at home as a child, but still did a lot of overeating. The part where you talk about being a great student but still dreading school, being very introverted, wondering why you couldn't be like the other kids, was me as well. I'm in the process of making the switch to vegetarianism right now. Two months in, and I thought it would be hard, but I've been figuring out lots of recipes that I love which makes it easier every day. ❤️ (And trying to refrain from putting cheese on EVERYTHING 😅.) Anyway, thank you for sharing your story. ❤️
Thank you for talking about it. It is really meaningful for me.
I've been subscribed to you for years now. I relate to you on so many levels. This video however just blew my mind. Our stories are so unbelievably similar. Thank you for  being brave enough to share your experiences. And thank you for normalising and demistifying veganism as much as you do. You, and your videos, are very much appreciated ❤️
you're hair looks amazing!!! it really compliments your face <3
I don't know if you will get to read this because there are so many comments already! I really relate to what you're saying, I was underweight because I couldn't eat when I was stressed, which was all the time pretty much. I struggled with food because of textures too! Also, when I started up a relationship, with who is now my husband, everything changed for me. He was so encouraging and ate so many different foods, and there was no pressure to like them. If I didn't like a vegetable he would ask why and find something else I might get on with, or suggest cooking it in different ways like roasting broccoli for example. I don't eat perfectly but feel so much healthier, I'm happy with my weight and have alot more confidence in myself. My point being that you've done amazingly, and I can really appreciate the progress you've made
Thank you for making this video Keira! \n\nyour food videos have always been a big help to me, reminding me how important it is for me to be chill about food, eat that ice cream, try that fake cheese ect \nveganism has also done so so much for me in repairing my very broken relationship with food
I so know the feeling. For years I've been struggling with weight loss my weight going always up an down. That is until almost 10 months ago I went vegeterian and like you said tried out a lot of new foods like lentils or all kind of veggies. Sure enough without even  focusing on it I slowly over the months lost some weight. I don't really like the scale so I only noticed It when my clothes especially pants felt looser and people started mention it. It really is a feeling from within it just feels right. A healthier mind got me a healthier body that I'm slowly accepting for what is :) - loved hearing of your story and experience. You show food in a very natural and easy way that I think a lot of people understand better myself included 😊
I can relate to this so much I've grown up as the most awkward fussy eater, my mom would always cook me my own separate dinner without any veggies in cause I hate certain textures. It's got so bad that me and my partners friends won't invite us out to certain restaurants because they worry I will not be able to eat anything on the menu 😞 I feel like I really need to be open minded to trying new foods especially fruit and veg. I'm really glad you did this video it made me feel like I'm not the only one who has food struggles ❤
Great video! I was also a very plain picky eater as a kid (only ate white food i.e. Chicken and potatoes) so I can relate a lot! I started being more adventurous with food (also as a result of meeting my boyfriend) and now I love trying new things my family are constantly amazed at the change 😜😜 have you tried any recipes from Monami Frost's vegan cookbook?
You look extremely beautiful always. and i think you are a great person
Thanks so much for sharing your journey with us! :) \nI felt the same when I went vegan - I lost some weight, but I gained a whole new world of delicious food, compassion, knowledge and I feel the best I've ever felt - the weight is just a thing that happened along side that!
Great video! It was so interesting to learn more about your lifestyle. Thanks for sharing. :)
Thank you for sharing your story. It is a brave thing to do and it's a brave thing to share what you eat to the world especially if you've struggled with food in your lifetime because people can be really brutal online. Here you are not hiding behind a veil like the people who judge you are and putting yourself out here and it's really inspiring. I love to hearing that despite the judgement you recognize your own personal achievements like eating a variety of foods. I can't tell you how much this really does help. You seem like such a sweet person and I really enjoy your videos and hope you enjoy inspiring others with what you make.
Thanks for sharing your journey! Sorry you suffered a traumatic event that affected you so adversely! Just look at how far you’ve come!! Be kind to yourself!! Love your channel!
Veganism has also changed my life! It's so lovely when things fall into place. Thanks for sharing your story. It resonated with my own story so much.
At 21 years old I’ve never met or even heard anyone else being so ‘fussy’ with food like me. For as long as I can remember I’ve struggled with the textures of food and in consequence have a really basic diet, also being vegetarian that doesn’t even eat fruit and veggies is practically unheard of lol. It’s so reassuring hearing that you’ve managed to overcome this your self and gives me hope for the future that I can do this myself
Awww Kiera. I still remember asking if you were vegan a long while ago and you said you weren't yet. Your journey is amazing. So many animals saved. You look so beautiful , you always have quite frankly...oh and the grown out fringe definitely becomes you! <3 from Long Beach, CA USA
Food has controlled my life. I've always been an over eater. After lots of therapy I realised I was an emotional secret eater. It stemmed from my parents break up and propelled by an abusive relationship.\n\nI'd found myself having secret weekends of eating. I had a process; all takeaways, eaten from the tubs (eating from the plate made it 'real food') and then throwing it in the outside bin. I would be on the verge of vomiting. After 48 hours of snap out of it and spit out my food and go back to normal.\n\nI gained so much weight and was so unhappy. It wasn't until I started therapy that I realised that I associated food to being happy, especially the Friday night takeaways with my family before mum and dad broke up. Main food was fried chicken, and I'd eat a lot of it. \n\nTwo years ago I went veggie and felt like I had some control. Then earlier this year I got ill. It's taken me months to work out what was wrong. Turned out that I have fat malabsorption (which causes horrid side effects). The theory is that my years of consuming high fat foods then stripping it back repeatedly ruined my gastric system.\n\nI'm now vegan and on the road to healing. I still have my moments when I just want to eat and eat and tell no one, but I'm open about it and tell my fella. Being not so secret about it make it easier to control.\n\nKeira - thank you for being so honest. You're honest and have no shame and it means that people like me can be honest too. \n\nLove you x
Oh my god this video was so personal thank you for sharing 💗 your thoughts from childhood were so heartbreaking but comforting at the same time to hear someone else feel the same. I'd like to think that if our younger selves knew each other, they would have been pals 💗
Such a lovely and inspiring video...I can really relate to your story and struggle. Well done on getting so far! Xxx
Great video Kiera! Talking about food and diet on here (especially if you're vegan) can be so nerve-wracking! I used to be a pretty picky eater myself but once I cut out meat from my diet I was sort of forced to try so many new things - most of which I really enjoyed! I follow Dana too, she's so unbelievably helpful. ohsheglows is pretty amazing too ^_^ Hope you and Alex had a lovely anniversary!
thank you for sharing your story <3\ni've also struggled with food my whole life, had anorexia as a teen, but now that i'm vegan (been vegan for 14 months) my symptoms have lessened significantly, i feel a lot less guilty about eating and have managed to maintain a healthy & stable weight - i think the knowledge that i'm making a difference by eating plant-based really helped me feel better about food\ni've also been going to therapy which has helped, and figuring out the root causes for my mental health issues has given me so many tools to improve
you look beautiful and your so brave x
You are an amazing person Kiera!!! Keep on being fab x
You are the only person that helped me stop feeling ashamed of being a size 16 because I think you are so unbelievably beautiful and it helps me think that I might be beautiful too ❤
Anyone who would dis your diet or lifestyle or tear apart your daily menu must be extremely disillusioned by something that has absolutely nothing to do with you, personally.  Every video you make is honest and non judgmental to anyone out there. Why there are people out there in the www (is that an old term?, I'm over 50 yo so sorry if I'm not up to date), who seem to seek out reasons to hurt people are doing well in their lives? Hopefully these few ( and I sincerely hope they are few) who feel they must take time out of their day to make disparaging remarks about ANY of your videos will soon realize that it's not YOU or anyone else but THEY who have a problem. Sorry to go on for so long.
so important! amazing video hun x\ni've noticed it's quite common for many people that after going vegan their relationship with food changed. \nin my case...I don't want to say that I forgot about my ED but it just....I don't know, different things started to be more important and I was just so excited about foods? With trying new things - high five. As a kiddo the only veggies I ate were chips and mushrooms. Maybe cauliflower. And now? Look at me! For dinner today I had bowl of SALAD bigger than my head :P\nI'm so happy that you're doing better and that you having back control over what's happening :*\nLots of love :*\n\nalso - vegans judging other vegans over who's more vegan - GTFO\nanimals don't care if you eat raw till 4, if you're frutarian, if you juicing all day or if you stuff your face with mac n cheese. As long as it's vegan, you're good to go!
You are #22 trending! Really interesting video I went vegan almost two years ago and it really changed the way I thought about food. Also it helped with binge eating (for me chocolate) when things aren't vegan I have absolutely no desire to eat them 👌🏽
this video was so honest and real and from the heart <3 thank you for sharing Kiera, you'll have helped so many xo
Maybe try trampolining classes for fitness? Could be really fun and a great throwback!
*you should try proper working out*\n*i used to hate it when i started myself pretty late in life, but then i learned to love it!*\n*most things in life we don't like when we're not good at them, but no one is good at anything he has never tried*
I bloody love your what I ate videos. I think it shows what real life is like and that not everyone is a health nut. Vegan ism personally isn't for me but I think your videos also show that veganism isn't just a bunch of salads all the time. You're looking fabulous and as long as you are happy then that's brilliant 👏🏻💕
I think everyone in the comments will hate me for this but... In one of your really earlier videos I did make a comment to you about my concern that there was a lack of vegetables and fruit and now I really regret what i wrote, I wasnt trying to be rude I thought I was trying, in my weird way, to look out for you. I thought I was being helpful, but wasn't aware of the issues you faced, so I want to take this moment to apologise, I'm sorry and I really hope that I didn't offend you.
<3
❤️❤️❤️
I like food
Vegan trending? What the hell.
You're amazing💜
Love u 💓
‘Trending’
My mom is not suportiw
Brave girl x
❤❤❤❤❤
It’s nice to see a vegan, and I know not all vegans are like this but they do exist, who doesn’t force veganism down non vegans throats because they see it as a superior way of life when they a lot of the time themselves are restricting their diets so much they have border line eating disorders that are not healthy and sustainable in the long run. She just seems to natural and real like a normal vegan with a diet that is healthy and makes her happy, it’s nice. Sorry for the paragraph just thought I would say 😂
Please be honest to yourself, If you have Cats and Dogs they still need food with meat and if you take or ever need any Medical procedure or medicine they also exist due to a lot of animal tests and pain, so you CAN'T disconnect as you think. Don't fool yourself. You not helping animals being a hypocritical human.
someone pls report that sex comment i dont know
Ah white ppl problems\nIf I was middle class I'd make more important videos
Nothing better, or healthier, than a delicious, juicy sirloin steak from a 7 week+ hung side of beef.
how the fuck is this trending gtfo
Get A Secret Weapon in the “Battle of the Bulge”\n\nMost people fight for their “perfect body” for weeks, months, or years. Some even \nstruggle for a lifetime.\nSadly, the people who do succeed in losing weight usually regain everything \nwithin a year or so. It can be truly disheartening, all these soldiers pushing \nthe frontline forward only to regress soon after.\nBut there is hope.\nThankfully, my friend, health expert, coach, nutritionist, and trainer Brian \nFlatt has developed a\nsecret weapon that his clients are using to drop 1–2 pounds EACH DAY during the \nfirst weeks.\nHe also has the secret weapon to maintain this weight loss for a LIFETIME. That's \nwhat I call a victory.\nSee what it’s all about here, 100% complimentary \nNow take a second to imagine this:\n\nHow much better would life be without the stubborn body fat that weighs down your \nhealth and future?\n\nLet me fuel your imagination with a success story. After losing several dress \nsizes, Regina wrote us that she simply couldn’t stop dancing…alone at home, \nsitting in her office chair, even while socializing with friends in public. She \nput it beautifully…\n\n“My body—and even my soul—feel so light that I’m always dancing because I enjoy \nthe new me too much to keep still.” \nCan you imagine how wonderful that must feel? Can you believe that could be you?\nDo yourself a favor. Make the transition from fantasy to reality today. \nCheck out this scientifically proven method, which has already worked for \nthousands across the globe. Go ahead—do your research. We have every confidence \nthat our system can lift you out of the trenches and send you dancing down the \n\nstreets. \n\nSee it all here  \nhttps://tinyurl.com/y82q7pqh
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is probably the best martial art for females.
you are amazing! i have been watching your videos on and off for a few years now, and i myself have struggled with an eating disorder (anorexia nervosa) for the past 5 years. Your videos have seen me through many months spent in and out of hospitals and filled my days with bursts of kiera shaped positivity. I haven't actually watched your videos for a few months now (v busy in a mental health bubble after a bad relapse) and this is the first video i've seen in so long, and instantly i thought oh my gosh she has lost weight!. you look absolutely radiant, and so beautiful. BUT BUT BUT what really shone through from this video was you are a wonderful person, and no matter what your exterior looks like, it does matter; you inside are that person, its who you are. Hang in there, thank you for your beautiful videos and beautiful soul. Never stop being you :)
so it is a fact that vegans got higher risk of mental health problems
I'll tell you how you do it.  You list a plain empty Mason jar on Ebay, label it a fart in a jar as a joke, and wait for a complete idiot to actually buy it.
With a bit of stain or two of poop and gonorrhea, will definately bumped up the cost significantly. I'm in to fill in the niche
The real question: Will you be reusing the mason jars ?
You are a fart in a jar.
So if I farted in a jar and sold it for 20$ I'd be rich. K
What happens when you bid on ebay and win but you clicked by accident and you dont want to pay
fart in the jar, type the title justin bieber fart. fan girls will buy it for 1000$
Take a shot every time someone says fart
Gosh what are humans doing with their lives these days
Ima make a profit off of selling my farts
How can she do this with a straight face??!
this video is unnecessarily long
Who farted during this video?🙋
U could just fart under a blanket and smell is for free
i died of laughter throughout this entire video 😂😂😂😂😭😭
When you run out of ideas
When you buy fart in a jar what happens is you smell the fart then bye bye moneyz
$25 on a fart? \nI WOULD RATHER FART MYSELF
I feel like its should be $10.00
Whelp. I am a doctor, went to school 9 years for a PhD.. but I know what my real calling in life is:\n\nEtsy style Fart Jars. Fancier than eBay. Just as many farts.
Why does she talk like she's asking a question omfg it's so annoying
The word fart was said about 53 times.
You are paying to smell someone else's fart😂
fart is just a really disgusting word. this video wrecked me
Probably the guy who was selling the fart in a jar was high
I HAVE ONLY SEEN THE TITLE AND IM CRYING WTAF
ugh ebay! why did you get so weird?
Okay, So I sell Fart in Jars... but mine are better, you get a booty picture inside... :) http://www.ebay.com/itm/Beautiful-Booty-Fart-In-A-Jar-Pic-surprise-inside-/263258163384?hash=item3d4b68c8b8:g:8dYAAOSwm9tZ1poH
Buzzfeed should do a video £5 fart vs £100 fart
What did I just watch, Buzfeed you can do better come on now
Do an unboxing when it arrives
No point in wearing gloves when you’re going to pick up your phone lol later on it’ll be right up on your face.
Funny that she won the bid!!
The fuckery..
I am loling
How to the fart smell got out from the jar omg?
So this is wat we doin now
OMG instead of spending money on farts lol. You should donate the money to animals shelters instead.
Why would eBay sell this stuff
Nasty asf yo animals are better than human i cant ...
She looks like the girl who thought that earth is flat. But with blonde hair instead of black
I have so many questions\n\n\n\n\nWhy? Why am I watching this? How the frick did I get here from a k-pop music video? Why does this video even exist?
Ok well I'm gonna start selling my farts in a jar*** 😑😑😑😑
She looks like the type of person to actually fart in a jar 😭💀
drinking game = everytime she says Fart you have to drink a shot
Take a shot every time she says fart.
I find myself watching the weirdest things sometimes..
Why do I even go to college....I could just trade my farts on Ebay...
I dunno about a jar, but I know a foam seat cushion with hold one!
Ahaha someone ran out of ideas
it's awful there is a lot of people who don't have nothing to eat  awful !!!
*so this fart was $20* \nIT SOUNDS LIKE A FART HAUL *BAHAHAH*
Why is this a thing
I don’t know what’s more fucked up...\n\nThe fact that someone actually sells those on the internet \n\n\n\nOr the fact that y’all actually bought it....
Cracking a cold one with boys.
From the UK, I love the way you say fart in a jar!!! Furt in a jurrrr :-)
All of my farts are in the mail LOL
I have a feeling the short haired blonde woman sold You that Fart on ebay, because for some reason she knew way to much😂😂
You mean I can make money by selling my bodily gasses?!
...what is life
48$ for two farts....🙄🙄🙄
im about to be rich tho let me finish my burrito...😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
just get a becoucha beetle from naruto
4:30 when it actually starts......i want my likes
5:15-5:19 💀
Idiot liberals
Who freaking sells and buys farts
Say iPhone ten times
Bruhhhh... lmbo
I will fart in this jar! I will do it!😂😂😂😂
Lol wow
Just why?
2018. here we come😂
WY PI PO
20 dollar fart vs 5 dollar fart
Buzzfart 😂😂😂
Lol 😆 🤣🤣🤣
why?
Hj
Why just why?!?!
Whtf busy farts
Moral story:Ebay has everything
Is it hermetically sealed?
youre crazy lady
Lol so funny
Then everyone got pink eye...
lmaoooooooo
V
Queefs are more expensive ...apparently!?\n\n\n\n\n; ) )
I barfted when they smelled it
Lmao
Hey give me back my farts!!!...💨
O
Wtf is this ?😂😂😂😂
She kinda looks like Yoel Rekts !
Wow.
Hi I'm Jabori im 8yrs old will u subscribe to my channel plz😇😇😇😇
America-fart in a jar
this girl looks scary & weird
I died when she said  thats a 20$ fart😂
Me: *googles* how many eyes do spiders have\nGoogle: Most spiders have eight eyes. Some have no eyes and others have as many as 12 eyes. Most can detect only between light and dark, while others have well-developed vision.\nMe: .......THAT'S RIGHT! MY SPIDER IS NOT LIKE MOST SPIDERS IT'S DIFFERENT AND HAS 4 FUCKING EYES.
Please make this horror attack puppet on the cheap it costs like $1,500 https://youtu.be/OpXBzKc3sRM
You should do {Harry Potter} (spell stair case)
Do a gothic water candle!!!!
i dont like harry potter but i love fuzzy spiders and i honestly wanna make this
Corrine's hair looks so good. Like not just the way it's styled, but I really dig the brown and purple.
As a former fursuiter, I wonder how cool a spider I could make with all my left over construction materials...
Corinne can you please make gothic water candles. Please.
Gothic water candles!
You should add mandibles
You're so freakin' creative!
Love it! Keep up the great DIY! 😜💙
Love you are so so so funny everyday
I love her already
Glue the glue sticks together end-to-end. You can make them as long as you want!
i was waiting for fangs....i was sorely disappointed
My birthday is on Halloween
Corinne looks pregnant and they hint it in the other video and I'm about to go post it in every man's what ever video lol that's my theory
I love this so much omg
Want to get wasted? Take a shot every time she says electrical tape.
I need NEED a Rob Reaction Video. To see the giant fucking spider. Please.
Make a pizza skull on Corinne vs pin
I dare u to make pizza flambé
You should do a mario chomper cat bed.
Well i think corinne is really talented and creative for all her hard work❤❤
Take a shot every time Corrine says electrical tape
I'm watching deathly hollows part 1 right now
Everyday is Halloween in October
Have you heard about water candles!?  i foresee wonderful things.. (also maybe some burning... maybe not for rob)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1JaB2jtajo
Take a shot every time Corinne said Electrical Tape.
YOU NEED TO DO FUCKING DIY GOTHIC WATER CANDLES PLEASE !!!!! 👏🏻🙌🏼🙏🏼🖕🏽👆🏼
This is the best demeanor diy I have seen https://youtu.be/SD1GVW_dRXE
Just curious...how much were all the supplies? I'm deeply afraid of spiders and put off watching this video for a bit, but this was oddly satisfying to watch lol
That was f*%king awesome but I think that cost a lot (I mean a LOT)
You only flipped the bird once in this video, that says a lot! 😂♥️😂♥️😂😂😂
Please do: DIY Gothic Water Candles!
DIY gothic water candles
ANY BTS ARMYS
make an ooey gooey butter cake!!!!
Its a coping saw
Omg this is freaking 😎cool
Please do water candles but Halloween themed🍊
Try water candles. https://pin.it/9AI_aFU
Corinne should do water candles
-Furry spiders are so cyat
omg corrine your hair is beautiful im in love😍😻
All hail arogog the king of spiders \n\n\n\nP.S. i don't know how to spell
Corrine you should do a diy monster book
Your black cat looks exactly like my black cat smokey
The spider looks really good
Should have pranked rob with it like that one ghost
try cd bubbles!
Doooope
why didn’t you terrify rob with it. just put it over him as he’s sleeping.
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/255579347586805774/
Ok that's fucking awesome
Do gothic water candles
CORINNE MAKE WATER CANDLES
TRY PIZZA SKULLS http://www.geniuskitchen.com/recipe/pizza-skulls-533699
https://youtu.be/7rL6CevG108 skull pizza
Skull pizza
WATER CANDLES!!!!!!!!!!
CORRINE! CORRINE!! CORRINE!!!!! \nhttps://img0.etsystatic.com/111/1/5961957/il_570xN.946873940_aa7h.jpg
Corinne! \nGothic water candles!
DIY Gothic water candles
Diy haunted pet house
You should try making Dippin dots
Please make Gothic Water Candles!!!
DO PIZZA SKULLS!!!!!\nhttp://hungryhappenings.com/halloween-recipe-stuffed-pizza-skulls.html/
Corrine, you should make these pizza skulls! 💀 http://www.geniuskitchen.com/recipe/pizza-skulls-533699
Oh My GOD! XD YOUR CRAZY\n or this would have driven me crazy X.X looks great tho, what did your cat think of this beast!?
Do a black magic shimmering martini for Halloween I think it would be fun
You should do taffy, but make it galaxy taffy. Please choose my idea
HARRY POTTER DECOR http://r29.co/2yov5Xu
Corinne you should try Gothic water candles. :3 Seems really epic
I honestly want to see what Rob's initial reaction to that was. I also now know what would happen if someone ever tried to steal from their house. It would go down like this:\n\nthief: Okay this will be e- *sees spider* HOLY F#CK! *drops everything and runs.*
GOTHIC WATER CANDLES!!!! https://youtu.be/h8VZ5CGnLFo
https://pin.it/Rw6CX2b Corrine.... 🍁👌
Do Harry Potter costume 😁😁
Nice!
Hufflepuff pride anyone?
It's a cute, cartoonish spider that you put a lot of hard work into :) so I won't even mind that you put the legs onto the wrong part of the body ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yass October is the best time of the year 😈
http://pin.it/qqci1q7\nWhat do you think? http://pin.it/qqci1q7
Feather chandler, lamp whatever you fuckin what to call it!!
omg this my be the greatest thing I have ever seen
Next time you need to use foam, use an electric carving knife to sculpt it.  It goes through it like butter :D
Take a shot every single time Corinne says electric tape.
Make pink lemonade lip scrub!! Like if you agree
Please do water hot wax candles
You guys should make pizza skulls! http://www.geniuskitchen.com/recipe/pizza-skulls-533699
amazing
Yasssss bich
DO SLIMEE
Spiders from harrypotter are amazing
FUCKING SUSHI 🍣 DOUGHNUTS 🍩
Please please please please PLEASE make a galaxy pumpkin for Halloween...
You should do something with perler beads \n\n\n\nPs. Fucking love you Corrine ❤️😍😘\n(Really sorry if I spelled you name wrong 😅)
Halloween is the best man
sorry Corinne , i'ts just your hair color is fading and .......................................................................................................... u know the rest............................................................................................................................................
Wow this is top notch artistry.😍 Are you katy, chrissy, shayla and karen gonna do another collab look this year? Last years was so unique
YESSSSSSSSSS INDEEEEED!!!!  AWESOME!!!!!!
QUEEN OF FUCKING HALLOLOWENENNEWNENNE
Sick, love it!!! 😈
This fucking sickening!! Best so far ive seen 😭😭😭😍😍❤️❤️
SNAP FAMILY HERE!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
SO TALENTED!!!!!
A M A Z I N G !!!!!!
That humming was sooooo creepy!! I love it 😩🖤🖤
What brown contacts do you wear?
Thanks for the laugh...the part where you couldn't see through the contacts made me laugh...you made my day.  Love, Love, Love!
Oh my goodness! This is crazy!! I just subscribed and can't wait to see more of your videos! I'd love for you to subscribe back!
Amazing!! Can you do a review of Huda foundation plzz?!
THE GIRLS and OVER THE TOP need to be PERMANENT PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEEEEEE! What am I gonna do when I hit pan on The Girls😩 and I don't even have Over The Top💔 they're the most unique pleaseeee!
Holy crap - amazing!!!!
Omg where did she gets the horns ??? I need to know ASAP
I'm doing this for my big halloween bash and I ordered everything!!! Can't wait! How long did this take you to do? 🐓🐓🐓
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻  you are a deathly queen !
YASSSS BIHHH THAT EYELINER!!!
Why she´s wearing headphones??
A little more...dead same Desi 😂
Sick!
YESS😍😍😍😍
holy shit!!¨
Wow so so sick!!!
Girl this is BOMB! You literally blew me away! I need to get me some makeup skills, cause i still struggle with uneven winged liner 🤣
Very Well Done! With your GREAT makeup work, you could make an AWESOME Alice Angel Tutorial!!\n😇👧😈 Better yet🤔, why not an Angry Princess; Thirteen Ghost!?😮
Tomb raider makeup look please Desi ! 😩😩😩🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼
Where are these contacts from?
Loved this!
DECEASED!!!!!
Subbed <3
Wooooow freaking awesome!!!
Wow shook 😍😍❤️❤️❤️
i was like... how is she gonna top last year's look and
DAMN  BBY THIS VIDEO STILL GOING STRONG
this is so hot tho
I love you this look was da bomb! You are so beautiful i hope i can meet you one day!!! Im 12 years old btw
Amazing I love it 😍
I actually love this sooooo much
Anyone else getting Panic at the Disco Emperor's New Clothes realness?
Whoa!
Zombie tutorial
Booom
🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓
Yesssss Queen of Halloween
You're so talented!! 😍
Wow your amazing agghh sooo talented 😳🙌
Omg your eyeliner 😍😍
🔥🔥🔥🔥
WOW !!!!!!!!   Creative Spooky ...Awesome job ♥♥
Llllloooovvveee it boo boo!! 😍😍😍
Were those gaping holes?
Love this!  !!!! 😱😍
Soooo damn scary
I doubted you could do better thanks year since last year was amazing, you just shut my big ass  month, hands down woman, you are the shit
do u ever lose your wireless pods?
What do you have on your nails? Is it pink gel or a particular color polish?
I can’t be the only one who cringes at the word gaping 😖
NOPE FOH WITH THAT SCARY ASS SHIT IM S H O O K
can you do a sugar skull makeup tutorial?
I need to know how I can get my eyeliner to not transfer to my upper eye crease if I get hot and sweaty. I set it with blackshawdow but I am doing something wrong or what do I do?
Amazing look! Loved the intro 🖤🖤🖤
can you do a cute vampire look?!?
Take a shot everytime she says gaping holes
You look like death claw from fallout!
I neeeeeed to know!! where did you got the wig from??
You are a true artist my friend! Way to go 🙌🏼🎃
OMG the patience i could have never would of had
Any small YouTubers wanna support each other? 💕 I have a makeup and sfx channel!
Showed this video to my fiancé &’ all he said was “holy f** she got skills 😱”
You are so damn talented ❤️
Now that's talent💯
awesome video... best look i've seen yet this year
I can not believe you're going to do this alone. It's very difficult. no
This is pure talent 🙌🏼
I want to do this look with blonde hair and think I want to go for another color than this blue/green. What do you think could be a good color?
Your paint colors are giving me Beetlejuice vibes! Such a creative look🔥🔥
THIS LOOK IS EVERYTHING! OMG the talent is surreal!!
YASSS Desi! Can you do your take on like a Dumbo/Elephant (cute or scary) inspired Halloween look? I haven't seen one like that, and I feel like it would be a challenge that you would kill!
My god you are the hottest demon ever!
You’re so talented! And u always do such unique Halloween makeup tutorials! 👏🏼🎃🖤
EVERYTHING about this is just amazing! The fact that you showed where your inspiration came from, and also credited Madeyewlook for the technique is sosososo great, a lot of other people wouldn't do that!
Loved it. On point for Halloween 👻
I wanna get the girls and mirame soooo bad😭😭😭 but I'm visiting my family in LA next month and this 22 years old Mexican student girl is paying the flights and everything by herself, I don't have the money for this last restock, I BEG YOU pleaaasseee let me have another restock so I can save money and get these gems😍😍 please please from the bottom of my heart, dollars aren't cheap giiirl and I'm my own sugar daddy
Where did you get the contacts 😭
this reminds me of the taurus zodiac sign
This is the most impressive Halloween Make Up I've ever seen so far, incredibly gorgeous. I love how chill you are and not all hyped screaming all over the place like most youtubers, definitely subscribe 👍
Can I just say it was freaking the hell out of me while you just spoke casually in the Intro with them white eyes 👀👀👀
I love Madeyewlook I’ve been watching her for so long now she’s so good!\n\nLove this video desi your so super talented!!!
It's actually scary
this is just flawlesssss
omg i love it I'm so gun try and re create this look this halloween !!! <3
Awesome!! Where are the contacts from?!
I’ve been waiting for this from Instagram ! ♥️♥️♥️
I feel like this demon creation should have been in a Buffy episode🙌🏽 desk u are bomb girl
this is incredible!!!!! xo from my channel to your’s <3
You are so talented. 💕💕
Thumbs up if you wished Katy & desi did weekly Vlogs 😭
We're just gonna wanna have like... gaping holes all up in our mouth area 💀😭😭😂 💕
WHOS EXCITED TO WATCH US GROW IN THIS NEW HOUSE?!! 😍😍😍😍😍👩‍👩‍👦🌈🌹
I was kinda sad they left there other house but dang this house is so nice,  AND IT'S A FREAKING 1 STORY!
dominic is getting sooooo big😭😻
I love the fact the pool is gated, u guys really put wicky first
Okay. I cant get over the fact how loyal you two both are to each other. Y'all both have been together fpr 2-3 years, moved into a bomb ass house, got engaged,had a son, then move into another bomb ass house. Yall have the funniest little arguments but whem its ovet tell each other 'i love', you both make the craziest pranks on each other and you either get pissed or cry but in the end tell each other 'I love you' . yall can act totally ridiculous in public or not but never be embarrassed of each other. Yall both will do anything for each other amd it sets so much goals for people and its so inspiring.❤\nYall just keep doing what yall are doing cause you both dont know how much you impact on yalls fans and set huge examples for love. You both are the best parents dominic will ever ask for and you both are going to raise him so well!💕 #wilsonfamily
This house is fucking BEAUTIFUL 😩 and it's not even fully furnished yet
I like this house better then the other one they had 😄
it would be freaking fun to play hide and seek in your house, the new one
lol when i seen domonic i look straight at his feet and said where is your other shoe??? lol i went straight into mommy mode lol im pretty sure other moms said the samething lmfaooooooo
Wow I love y'all new home 👏😘
domonic is gonna be sooo cute when he's a toddler playing around in his playroom
entrances and outrances.\ngirl issa damn exit 😂💀🙏🏼
This house is huge omg. 🔥😍😍#loveit.
entrances & outrances lmao what
Wow! Beautiful house. CONGRATS! So happy for you guys. Can't wait to see how  everything looks when your finished fixing things up.
I dead when Domo said this is my office 😂😂😂
Love the new house !!
love it so much brighter then the last
You gonna need a big remote control car to put him in to be able to get around in the big ass house!!! You's are blessed in everyway!! Love you's 💙💚💛💜❤
This house is humongous 😭🙌🏾😩😍
For that to be a one story house, it is hugeeeeeee omg😍😍😍😍and so pretty!
Funny, I made some cabbage soup today and I just got done eating a bowl
You guys have a beautiful home 🙏🙏🙏
y’alls new house is BEAUTIFUL 😻😻
This house is more  homey n  perfect for the 3 of u. The other one too big n unnecessary. ❤️
Beautiful house 🏡 \nYou guys are great and have a beautiful family:) god bless you guys \nLife. Laugh. Love....
Even the pots are so extra 😂 fucking goals
U DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW HARD I LAUGHED WHEN DOMO ACCIDENTALLY SMACKED BABY DOMOS BELLY
i wnat to spend the night
OMG FREAKING GOSH!!! THIS IS #20 ON TRENDING.. CONGRATS ON THE NEW HOUSE 💖 LOVE YOU GUYS!!!! 🔥🦄💖😀
domonic look like a light skin version of domo lol
Love the your home.. love your videos.. Beautiful family  God Bless You.. keep it up Ladies great job.. Baby Dominic is so handsome bless him..
Im so jelly..... I love your new house. Favorite part is your guys tub and pool. Love you guys
You guys are so amazing I love watching y'all an seeing Dominic my kids run over whenever they hear him. Your house is beautiful you guys are doing such an amazing job. I look up to be here one day
Wicky is getting so big!! I love you guys and I'm so proud of y'all. Definitely my inspiration!❤
i would definitely help u remodel  im gonna go to college for interior designing and photography !
I'm so happy for yall . . This house is definitely 100 percent better for yall than the last one 💓💓💓
Domo and Crissy that house is so big but ( I love you guys) I watch y'all all the time.
The best house tour ever I like the pool the best bye
A bistro table would definitely work in that spot in your kitchen! Fancy, classy, and elegant for guests!
This house is lit AF ! ❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥
There house is so beautiful
I thought your guys' other house was beautiful but now y'all got this even more beautiful home geeeeez I'm so happy like if it's my house too 😭😍😍😍
these are the dreams I want... I freaking love Y'all so muchh-😍♥️♥️♥️♥️🙃
, Yesssss 😍❤️🙈 fuck it up !!! Love y'all
I love you guys I'm so proud of u guys 😍
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS !! I LOVE YOUR NEW HOUSE 🏡❤️ CAN’T WAIT FOR THE OTHER ROOM TOURS !! 😝 LOVE WATCHING YOU THREE ❤️❤️❤️
Domo: give this video a thumbs up before we start. \nMe: phsss already done. I always like before I watch
you guys are by far one of the most inspirational engaged couple 😩😩❤. i love your sense of humor, and how loving y'all are ❤ !
we got are strawberrys watermelon,   stop being racist 😂😂💀💀
I LOVEEEEE THE NEW HOUSE 😍😍
You Guys Are My Role Models.!!! 😍😍😍
I love your video 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️😂😂😂🤑🤑🤑✌️✌️✌️🦄🦄🦄🍼🍼
The house is so prett😅😅😅
I shouldnt have watched this now I'm jealous But I'm so happy for them😢
Congrats...boss chicks suppose to live LIKE A BOSS..YALL DESERVE IT😘😘😘💎\n\nWHØ LOVES YOU
You house has a loud echo😭that means it's hella big😍.
Such a nice house! I can’t wait to have my own
You guys are so blessed 🙏🏽🙌🏽
Couldn’t wait for this video!!!!!! I’m super excited and proud of you guys!!! I pray many blessings over your lives !!!!!
the tv is bigger than my house wtfff
That is a friggin' dream home!  Seriously GOALS 🌟🌟💛💛💛💛💛🌟🌟
Nice beautiful home love it!!!❤
Wickys play room and room be like his nursery reveal
Omg the new house is amazing ! I’m about to move my ass to Arizona and buy a house there 😩
Ur house is MEGA pretty😍love you guys so much 💞
Love the new house! Awesome pool!
That mirror is everything
Their house kinda seems like that Dj Khaled Video 😂
Your house is literally house goals! ❤️❤️
The house is amazing
Crissy’s hair has gotten sooo long 😍it’s so pretty
Here's Dominic's roo... I bet y'all are like really?🙄 why?🙄 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
he screams like a teenage girl Domo u too funny 😂😂😂😂😂😂 @Domo and Crissy
Love your new home!
This house is actually better than the last. Congratz on the move.
Domonic yelling in the background like “I’m in this video tooooooo!!!” Hahahahaha that shit had me dying!
that pool is amazing i can teach you to swim
Your house is beautiful
#HOUSEPARTY
im excited for domonic
Its trending
Domonic has that one show swag
Dope ass crib😍😍😍
Yoo,domonics shoe game better then mine😂
*domo talking* \nWicky:UUUUH UUUH UUUUH UUUUH UUUUH \n*me wanting attention*
❤️❤️❤️ love yall
Omggggggg love love loveeeeeeeee it im jelly ❤️❤️❤️
Yeah he just farted 💨😂😂
Congrats beautiful!!!
Love the house......😘😘😘🌻🌻
I really like this house so much better then the first one  congrats on it .
Yall got #20 in Trending❗️❗️❗️
Bro it’s trending
Congratulations
Domo is definitely losing weight ! 👍👍❤
What happened to the 🐶?? I haven't seen the dog 🐶
This house seems bigger than the other one
crissy looking goooooood as always 😍💕
Omg I love y’all so much y’all have so much and y’all are the most amazing ppl ever I hope I can meet y’all soon and spend a whole day with y’all. I love y’all so much. And I can’t wait to see y’all grow in this new house and for Dominic so grow up. ♥️♥️♥️♥️💍💍💍😍😍😘😘😘
Firstly that Gal Gadot smile bet made Ben think dirty. I find Gal she is perfect and gorgeous ❤️❤️❤️ .. My fav actress. Ok one thing is obvious about the movie, superman returns in the end and destroys the bad guy. So obvious
7 days whole week I am gonna watch this movies no matter whatever haters says.
i always support dc comics !
Please be a good movie. The other team is killing you big time.
Don't harley quinn?ohh,i from Viet Nam
What’s with these little opening montages at the start?! This isn’t Facebook
I think it will be Robin/Nightwing coming into the mix, not Superman.
We all know Superman is going to steal the show once he comes in with his iconic, John Williams theme.
If you like out of this world indie comics. Check out my new comic Hunted : A Western tale https://adambomb98.deviantart.com/art/Hunted-A-Western-Tale-1-pg-1-710515988\n\nHunted is a greek western centered around a boy and his monsterous pet troll being hunted down through a wonderous world by a fallen hero . \nThe entire first issue is on my page . please leave feedback and let me know if i should make another
IDGAF if the movie is bad or good im a DC fan and been able to see my favorite superheroes unite its amazing, this is my childhood
So glad they are keeping the Superman reveal for the movie.
Ever since I watched Bad Batch I like Jason Momoa.
May the Divine light of diwali spread happiness,peace and prosperity to you and your family ! May the lights of this auspicious festival fill your life with the enternal glow.
Boycott Hollywood Pedo/Sex-Rings. Don't go to any of these movies as long as they are in any way connected to the people involved. Affleck knew all along and kept his mouth shut. Remember that when YOU pay him.
I still don't like the new flash. I don't know why 😩
holy fuck this movie is gonna suck major donkey balls
this movie is going to be INSANE !!!
It is trying way too hard to be cool
This movie looks EPIC!... Except For Ben Affleck being batman......
Plz watch my reaction to this trailer guys on my channel! I hope to get some appreciation.Thank you guys! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqYTL8lSoBU
Aquman is actually useful and looks tough :D
Love the fact that Barry Allen aka the flash is a total fanboy at the end. Just like the rest of us! #TeamDC
Who else come here everyday and see is there any hate comment worth respond?
Aqua Man is officially a badass character now.
Please help us with our upcoming Superman/Man Of Steel Fan Film \n\nThe biggest project we could do as a first movie \n\nhttps://youtu.be/y2S81nx7efg
I gotta admit, thats the most badass trailer ive ever seen after mad max fury road.
So batman and Wonder Woman in a relationship?
Final scene\nMarta!\nWhy did you say that?
Udah sy sub n like my friend sub back y nice video
I like grants flash watching the show got me connected to him as flash
Martian Manhunter would had been cool to see
Can I get 1k subscribe to me please.
The original comics. The original superhero team up. Huge and loyal fanbase for dc since 1938. \n\nNot like the other one which basically came to life in 2008 and it's glory hunters.
Honestly I want the end credit scene to just be looking up at the night sky and all you see is a green light fly by
Kind of looks like Darkseid is the main villain here.\nJust my speculation.
Let's hope the best action isn't a dream sequence
But there's no Justice league without Superman.😐
Wish avenger infinity war music would also be given by hans zimmer
I seriously  love it
I would say by the looks of that hologram Alfred was looking at we are going to see Supergirl in this movie.
Pause at 0:02\nNothing compares to that.
That's not David Bowie... THIEF'S
m i the only one who is missing super man ;(
What I don't understand is why they took second rate actors to play Cyborg and Flash. They're both lovable characters and should have been played by actors well known/successful. People playing Wonder Woman and Batman as well as Superman are all accomplished actors. Especially, Gal Gadot. \nRegardless, the movie looks cool.
I really hope they compare power levels. I don’t think the Wonder Woman movie did her justice in terms of power scale. I want her and Supes to be the main powerhouses of the league
Can't stand the music. Great trailer though
I just hope this isn't boring like superman vs batman 😂
1:07. That sound reminded me of Godzilla.
All not in, Where is green lantern
https://youtu.be/V-Htlp9HHEU
2017 m
Gang of Youths <3
Pause at 0:02 !
alright 0:04\nmy man 2:16\nYeaaaah 2:36 \nDaamn i love Aquaman
Aquaman flies?  Since when?
2:03\nMom!! How do we preorder movie tickets?
Where is SUPERMAN?
These are the kind of themes they should have started all this with.
today is my bday so can you please watch this fr my bday presents https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5zlift4PDQ
I love D.C. and I'm sorry if u disagree but the flash [Ezra] will make a horrible flash Grant can be the only one ☝️. Maybe it's because I'm sooo used to Grant as the flash I rlly don't know but as soon as I saw grant wasn't gonna be the flash and then the Director talked about how he wouldn't fit in but yeah sorry if any of you want Ezra to be the flash just my opinion tho
this looks cool ,,, anticipating
It's okay
across measure steel kclzdh donor light engineering highway.
SUPER FRIENDS!
All are fucks sucks
😍😍😍Gal Gadot
Jason Mamoa is a bad ass Aquaman
That smile at 2:28 💖
God I hate Amy Adams...
They killed superman in purpose, because he can solo that whole damn army
that smirk 2:52
It looks awesome
Excited...😍😍😍😍😍😍
Why isn't Christopher Bale playing batman ? This is why im not seeing it.
I'm so happy I'm alive right now. Justice League, Thor Ragnorok and Spiderman's finally in the Avengers. I think I can die happy.
Did NOT like Man of Steel or Batman v. Superman. Watching Justice League to support Wonder Woman 💪👌🏻
this was honestly terrible, just from the trailer you can tell the bad guy is gonna be some generic ass evil force that the good guys have to fight. (btw ive seen better cgi in videogames)
There is not enough DIVERSITY in this movie. Where is the Muslim superhero that screams allah Akbar every time he goes into battle? Where is the trans /gender neutral superhero? Only 1 black guy? THey should ALL be non-white!!! Racist
1:16 WHOA goosebumps!  Heroes by Bowie? Tell me who covered this please
bruce at 2:47 probably thinking “good lord i already had to put up with this shit for two robins”
The only reason I'm watching this is BATMAN!!
Vfx version of AVENGERS
Movie looks stupid.   All DC movies suck.  Only way to make it decent is to have Stan Lee in charge....
Oh god, it looks so bad...
I hate how they've made Barry the nerdy teen Spider-Man equivalent, Barry was a grown man ffs, do studios have to copy everything. He isn't Spider-Man. You don't need to do the Ricky Gervais The Office awkward moment humour shite its not the year 2000 anymore.
i hope ezra miller will do both barry allen and the flash justice
i hope there is more in the film, the trailer is too revealing
superman will be back
i hope superman will show in the end ..
Sounds shit
😴😴😴😴😴
zack snyder is the shit, joss whedon is the fan.\nRESPONDER
Seriously looks like shit
DC releases their movies in a parallel timeline to the events in their movies. Batman Vs Superman was released 18 months after Superman's arrival in Man Of Steel. Suicide Squad was released 4 months after Superman's death in Batman Vs Superman. And now, Darkseid is attacking...
Marvel is better
batman and flash are awesome
Darkside
Gal Gadot 😍😍😍
thor or this..😱🤔🤔🤔😱
I can't believe this.... I can't believe what I'm hearing... DOES NO ONE REMEMBER THE TRAGEDY THAT WAS BARMEN VS SUPERMAN!!!!????? JESUS CHRIST!!!!!!!
You did it man
which songs are these
Does becoming a female singer instantly turn you in an almost nude woman?
Guys I am a progressive house producer and  I want yall to check out my remix of 3lau-how you love me! https://soundcloud.com/asoungmusic/3lau-ft-bright-lights-how-you-love-me-asoung-remix
hey guys if the video you liked do not forget to switch from our huovo channel that we just created
Wish I was there gotta wait 4 years im 14 so 4 years til I can do this until then im sitting on my bed crying and wishing I was there
Hi Everyone! \nI'm NS, EDM producer 19 years \nand I would be very happy if you could check my tracks on my youtube channel. It's all :)\nThank You !
Amazing , Keep up with your career ! ✖➕ Reach the stars . ❇✨🌠🌟⭐
OMG!!! INSANE!! the best shoooww eveeeeer!!!!!! I saw all your shows Martin and thiis show it was crazy!! you and all the garrix team makes an awesome and crazy and oblisuly de beeeeest team eveeeer!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION SINCE THE DAY 1 THAT YOU APPERED IN MY LIFE, AND I'M NEEEVEER GOIGN TO LOSE HOPE FOR SOMEDAY MEET YOU and play some music and eat a good pizzaaaaaa\n@laiesfalisitatpura // @laiamimo
How can you not love him😘😘
What is the last song's name
My most favorite moment in this video 2:44  <3
Translate for português please
im so proud of him . so fuckin proud of martijn .
Martin Garrix LOVE Dua Lipa
The song at 3:27 pleeease
3:24 wwhat is that track name ?
Increíble !!
I wish he would come NEPAL but that's never going to happen.
MAR➕IN GARRI✖️!!!!!!!\nI love you
Thumbs up to Gabe Fraboni👍🏼 \nHe made the show even better
I hate the people who spam , if you too visit my channel , OMG WAIT  , I'm doing it 😱🔫\nLIKE IF YOU TOO!!!
I love you Martin Garrix😭😭❤,the best 😭😭❤❤❤
the proudest fan in the world, I love it.❤❤😍😍
is he on drugs while on stage - he has to be right?
Does anyone know the orchestra piece at 5:20
Martin,for me you are the best in this whole world
people can register my channel is not .. I was in Vietnam. thank you so much 😛😛😛
When you will release all of your ID
Hey guys & girls watch my awesome remix to animals U WILL NOT BE DISSATISFIED!!!
What music software does martin garrix use since he works with a mac book?
Are They Official Couple?
Your visual team brought it to the next level!
minute 3.31\nas it is called?
Like si te gustaría que Martín y Dua fueran algo mas que amigos?
love you so much!!
can someone tell me what the song is that starts at 2:30
I wish I was there but I don't know what place is this hehehe
You can only imagine how much I love you!😍
Name of the first sng
https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=mJTVR_SujOw0qG0j&u=/watch?v=WrC1vtL2Xvg&feature=em-upload_owner#action=share. \n\n.\n\n\n\nFan made Video  watch It Animal Remix
I love you so much , Martin Garrix
i'm crying right now, martin i love you so much, thanks for showing us behind the cameras, i felt together with you, everything was perfect, this team is the best ❤
I LOVE MARTIN! <3 \nyou are the best!!!!
Martin + Dua Lipa = Shippo pra caralho
Best DJ in my opinion :\n1.Martin Garrix\n2.Alan Walker\n3.Skrillex\n4.Marshmello
me encanto tanto 😍😭😭
Popo
This show is amazing. Im in California and I'm ready to go to school today :D
Me gustaría colaborar con Martín garritas...:'v
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B77LqaR6cjg&t=22s
martin come back jakarta :'-)
The best Dj😻🔝🌎
https://soundcloud.com/user-354915484/noct-low
Cool man
Hey yo check this epic dubstep and dope🔥🔥🔥https://youtu.be/UKDLWn5IJ_I
Hari yang indah untukmu di dunia namun akan berubah menjadi penyesalan di akhirat...
I loveee
You are the best..sir
Language em português
Insane production 😵
Wow song 😍 😘 ❤
Animals festival🖒🖒🖒😎😎
New Single! 2018 Tomorrowland!?\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FObKaXcGmlk&t=71s
Best DJ ever !!!
I love it
Aaaaa my loveeeeee 💗🙏🙏🙏
simple mente👌👌👌👌🎆
TOP
eres basura
I love ❤️ Martin Garix
I loveee 💜💜💕💓
Martin & Dua♥.
https://youtu.be/JKeNeNNhfZI\nmore meledious on piano
I LOVE MARTIN GARRIX
4:05 name song ?
THAT SCENE WHEN GABE JUMPS OVER THE FENCE REALIZING HOW MUCH THIS SUPER HARDS WORK PAYED OFF MAKES ME SO HAPPY AND MOTIVATES ME PUSHING MYSELF EVRY DAY MORE AND MORE. THANKS GABE <3
4:42 wow amazing
Nothing will ever come close to Daft Punk at Coachella in '06
Te AMOOO, te amo mal! (Vuelve a Colombia 🇨🇴)
no sabia q dua lipa estaba con martin garrix
hhhhh & xx & ;)
Muy buenas combinaciones Martín gerrix
Woowwwowowwo
Buuuuu que feo
plz make tutorials video
https://youtu.be/ooxyR0aZ2u0\n\nall martin garrix trance
Martin garrix IDOL of RW❤❤❤
El shoe
Incredible✌😍😘♥️♥️♥️
I'm so proud of everything you do. Your music is art, you make us dancing and singing, your job makes happy a lot of people! This is what you keep to doing everyday, you make us feel free and really happy. You're special and irreplaceable! All of this to say that I love you endlessly, you got a permanent piece of my heart.
Lol escribio el texto en español saludos desde costa rica
9:59 NOOOOO! Garrix fell of his Duck-Throne!!
Gabe Did such an amazing job, OMG
Un dj mejor nolocreo
CANCIONES DEL CONCIERTO DE MARTIN GARRIX!! LINKS EN LOS COMENTARIOS!!\n\n°1-CANCION: Martin Garrix & Brooks - Byte : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zH9sXggRlxc\n°2- CANCION: Martin Garrix - Proxy (Original Mix) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWB6-PJw4Mk\n°3-CANCION: Martin Garrix & Dua Lipa - Scared To Be Lonely (LOOPERS Remix) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1L95yHY_Jg\n\n°4-CANCION: Martin Garrix & Dua Lipa - Scared To Be Lonely (Brooks Remix) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iTRYnKL4HE\n\n°5- Martin Garrix & Bebe Rexha - In The Name Of Love (DallasK Remix) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nur8WGAoFSw\n°6- Martin Garrix & Bebe Rexha - In The Name Of Love (Official Video) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnBT9uUYb1w
Hola! espero que le eches un vistazo a mi nuevo mashup de martin garrix, SCARED TO BE LONELY VS SPOTLESS, Estoy seguro que te encantara!\nojala me ayudes con un me gusta y compartir el video! muchas gracias! :D\nhttps://youtu.be/ao96Cj0Fku0
Saludos desde Ecuador Martin!!!
Geachte Martijn wilt u een keer een tutorial maken hoe je de muziek maakt en over wat voor programma je gebruikt.\nIk zou het in het NL/ENG doen.\nP.S <3 u music.
wat een graf music
Honestly if Sean made my sushi I wouldn't know if he was a pro or a rookie lolol
here's what I don't understand, why scale the fish if you're going to fillet it? what was the point of scaling if you're cutting the skin off the flesh anyway?
3:26 Never heard of a straight bass Sean
4:49 Sean: That's my style! Andy: Okay, whatever you say, junior.
A little finger action?
@6:54 There were no Mustang's in the 1950s. The first production year was 1965.
Anyone realize this guy appeared in GMM Crew ep with mike and Alex and they made sushi like the spider one
Does Sean do any stand up comedy? I'd love to see some of that
nice gold watch
Best channel!
damn that big ass watch !
Man, Sushi *looks* SO good..... Alas, tis not. lol
I'm a fan, but - I just don't think the world needed another white people learn to make sushi in ten minutes short, you know? I feel like it's been done and done and *done* at this point.
It's still just a finesse game the chef is just moving forward...lmao I love Sean
Dude's such a sushi master that he has sponsor logos on his chef jacket
I feel like Sean Evans is so robotic and has no personality. He's like the Jason Bateman of interviewers
Gotta love those 1950's mustangs that came out in 1964 and 1/2.
as someone getting into blades and sharpening.  I have nothing but the utmost respect for a sushi chefs and how well they can sharpen their knives
Someone call Flava Flav Sean has the guy's clock on his wrist.
8:31 That's much better than at the truck stop.  Sean, open up a sushi truck stop.
No such thing as a 1950s mustang. They came out in 1964
now kill a chicken next and make wings from scratch :)
that blonde girl... damn stole the show
There is not a 1950's Mustang. LOL
Sean's roll looked pretty dodge but I bet it still tasted nice as fuck!
Shawn Evans acts like a female.....jeeezzz
lose the playa watch please!
1:04 that's only four things.  Not five things.
Hey guys. Commenting here so I can plug Jiro Dreams of Sushi, one of the greatest sushi documentaries out there, and quite possibly one of the greatest documentaries of all time. You guys should definitely take the time to watch it. That's all.
more of a snowflake situation. killed me
sean is not even fun to watch. boring hipster dressing motherfucker
My favorite host
Does Jiro use a fughkeng blowtorch?!?!
The chef reminds me of Adam Sandler for some reason
I really enjoyed the video, but you don't need to stay in character all the time. This segment seemed a little forced.
Little finger action?  That didn't sound right haha
I love Sean, but his knife technique is horrendous.
Mustangs didn’t exist until the end of 1964 nerd. No such thing as a “round 1950’s mustang”.
He has so much pride about making sushi it’s very wholesome
Love sushi! Thanks Sean your videos are always making me hungry and teaching me simultaneously.
watch more great video on Indian cooking click photo
“Like a 1950’s mustang” he says. Too bad they debuted in 1964😑😑
I'm going to pretend you meant a 50's P51 Mustang and not the car, seeing as how the fish on the rice kinda looks like the body of a P51!
You're such a good host
Can you invite Pewdiepie again?\nI know the first time you invited him! But he turned you down because he's busy!
What watch is that sean
Become a sushi chef in two months......... Lol
The mustang released in 1964 1/2. Damn Sean. Letting down the Midwest.
Hey Shawn hold the spine of the knife just above the handle with your thumb and for finger and wrap the rest around the handle  you will get better control of the knife
Mustangs fist got introduced in 1964 1/2 but I definitely knew what you meant 😆
Need hot sauce to eat it or what?
So we filleted our straight bass\nSean...it's striped bass.
So 1:30 in and already they are lying to me. That is not a a stripped bass. The lines are broken.
I want to eat sushi off of Sean, Fantano, and Binging with Babish's shiny bald heads.
0o0 when he chops the fishys head
When they're cutting near the beginning you can see how inexperienced he is just by his knife technique when cutting to the middle bone because he holds the knife with his finger on the blade.  Surprised the teacher didn't  point it out
I would be dope for them to have a video on traditional shojin ryori sushi.
Plot twist the Asian guy on the thumbnail is Sean.
I hope he meant p-51 mustangs, not Ford mustangs........
Ik he's not a car guy but a 1950's mustang is not a thing 😂 mustangs became a car in 1964.5
That intro is what I like to call sushi porn
The justin Timberlake of food 
Sooo... There's an anime with this premise right?
There are five things we teach\n\n*names 4 things
Love sushi....hate wasabi.
Honestly super proud of Sean. Great work! 
Where did you see a 1950s mustang?
Chef was a champ, seems like a cool dude
Next Hot ones we need Hot Ones: with ROADMAN SHAQ PLEASE LIKE THIS SO THEY CAN SEE IT
In school I used to always question why the things we were learning were relevant to our us. Now I willfully click on these kinds of videos...
The secret to good sushi is bad fish. C'mon, guys.
1950s mustang XD
You better not replace Sean ever, or you'll lose all your subs
Shawn is my favorite internet personality rn, so genuine and funny. Thank you for the content !!!
great series, love how he was honest with the ratings lol
how does someone who knows nothing to little about preparing food get a food show???\n*white privilege
nope, no raw fish for me, i dont want vibrio cholerae in me
1950 mustang?
@0:35 THAT ACTION POSE!
Remove your watch before cooking.
Great interview!
1960s* mustang, sean.
Hahahaha awesome.. tnx Sean this was entertaining :)
this was awesome!
1950s Mustang?
You fucked up the tuna! :'(
little finger action... \n \nsean, you tease...
64 sean. mustangs... 64 man..
jheez that looks good
Hair net? What hair net?
aaaaaaah i need some sushi now
Sushi quality looks fetching terrible
#ricegumisabitch
Little finger action? Uh huh.
Did these motherfuckers just sushi-fy a fucking striper???
1950s mustang
Sean that watch though!!!
lol 1950's Mustang
isn't that the sushi chef from gmm? xd
I missed the first 2 mins of the video and had to go back because I'm just staring at that perfect liner 😅 how do you do it Suzie! I got the nude bow jumper too and the cape coat I love it haha! <3
We have the same aviator jacket 😬 I love it! It's so warm. Looks great on you x
Zara is life! Love these pieces!
I have the red jumper with the bow except In cream, but it's gone so bobbly already even though I haven't washed it. Does anyone know how I can save it? So sad it looks so old and worn :(
You're looking good, girl!🙌🏻 Cute Haul!!!
Love the aviator jacket! Your fashion content is so nice to watch :) xx
The shearling jacket is SO CUTE!
Me encantaron todas las prendas  <3
She looks like she's coping off Zoella
Olivy, bat wingy, nudy, cardy, camelly, syntheticy, plasticy.....?????
https://youtu.be/DZVJC6guVaY
love the herringbone scarf!!
Love your suede jacket 🌷
Aviator jacket camel jumper and green cardigan are gorgeous. You have lovely style suzie x
Great haul!💖👌
getting that beanie for sure!!
where your earrings from?
Happy birthday
pls do more zara haul!!! ♥️
I bought that camel suede shearling jacket as well! So cute. I'm so short, it's not cropped on me either ahah.
Love your try on hauls 💚 saludos desde Argentina! 💚😘
I just want to say that I love your personality and you are just beautiful.  I sincerely love watching these clothing hauls bc I’m 5 foot and a quarter of an inch and it is so difficult to get a sense for clothing items on smaller but curvy full breast/hips/booty gals and purchasing petite doesn’t always work..... like very far and few between success.  It helps to see styles and shapes on someone that is similar to your shape to get an idea of how things look on. I despise trying on clothes in a store as it usually turns into me trying on many items for hours and then leaving with nothing bc nothing works. Lol sorry for the long message but love you! Muah! You’re the best! Thanks for the haul!
Great cosy haul! My favourite was actually the cape coat but I think it was a bit too big for you, so a size down and in a navy would be dreamy!
Loved every single item you bought!! Super cute and cozy!!
How tall are you?
what do you wear on your lips? The color is so beautiful!!
I love your jewellery in this video. So stylish and simple.
I love this background for your videos. Just so pleasing to look at.
Please can you do an autumn dresses haul?
Where is your choker from? Xx
The jeans you’re wearing are fab! Where did you get them?
I like your videos...but I suggest something...you explain everything really well...no need to re-explain when you try them on...you takes ages on every item...loved everything you picked up...👍
Ooh lovely haul. You must have been totally in the zone. The red jumper, colour is amazing on you and the grey pearl hat is fabulous. Grey  jumper makes the gold earrings pop and the aviator jacket makes me want to go and try one on. Am not a fan of batwing stuff for myself as they are pain to wear under coats though.
I love scarves!!! I'm obsessed with them! 🙈
You're so beaut! Thanks for sharing your haul!
Hi Suzie, Love your video. Thank you. Please can you share where your jeans are from? They are lovely!! Xx
Those jeans ! Where is it from ??? 😍 your body👌
loved this haul! recently did a little shopping at Zara as well! :)
loved so many items! Why have I decided to go capsule wardrobe 😩
How tall are you?
Where are your earrings from, love them!
My faves were the grey and camel scarf, and the camel jumper! Oh and the cream cardigan😍🙋💛Been looking for one like that for a while! 💖💖
How did you make your thumbnail where you cut yourself out with the white bit around you? Xx
Hello October, you've come round so quickly! 🍁
Really like this makeup look, I know you said the lipstick is discontinued but I'd love a tutorial of the whole look
Looove those scarves!! I picked a couple up last year and after using the soft ones I couldn't go back to any of my other ones... also, can you link us your jewelry pieces?!
I love the font you use on your thumbnails! What is it called?
Who knows where to find the short necklace that she is wearing? Please?)
good call on the aviator jacket - you're right .. its the perfect length on you! lovely haul - love you!!
where are your earrings from? i love them!!
Oh my I LOVED every single thing in this haul 😍💜
Paused the video to buy the red sweater with the bow. 😂
Number 14 on trending eeeek!!!! Loved this haul, but my bank account did not 😂 love the olive tones and that scarf is lovely 😍
Hey Suzi , just wondering what hairdresser you go to ..? :) loved the haul. Knew you would kill it with an autumn haul. The aviator jacket is sooo flattering on you 😍😍
could you tell me what jeans you are wearing???
Very good video!but i cannot opeen the links!i want to buy firectly things i have got iphone6 and when i cleek on them it goes to a blank page whatever video i  see!can u help?thnk u!
girl im buying every single jumper, cardigans, scarves, and that suede jacket yesssss I love all of them so cosy and pretty and pretty much my style for every autumn and winter season cause dang its cold up here in the north of america 😅☁️🌧🌨🌦☔️
everything is beautiful.. also  the last coat..
That olive cardigan is absolute GOALS! It looks so soft and cozy, which is a must have for the fall! 😍🍂
I got the same jacket but in pink xD
tha aviator jacket looks so perfect on you !!!! i love ur videos !
Love your style..more of hauls.. I just added everything in wishlist 😍😍💗
Fell in love with your earrings, where are they from? <3
That leather jacket you're wearing when showing the beanie!! Where is it from I've been after a jacket like that!!
I'm sooo gold you said that about jumpers being tight at the bottom and that they're not as flattering. All the jumpers I have that I love are loose and I was just about to get a tight one on ASOS. Ta!  Haha
Where are the white drawers behind you from please?
So jealous that you can wear scarves and sweaters already, we’re still waiting for the cold in New York 😭
How tall are you? It would just be helpful in relation to sizing :)
These videos are my favourite! Try on hauls are the best.
I bought the cape coat but returned it because it was just too thin. For the money I didn’t think it was worth it. Also didn’t have any washing instructions in it 🙈
I have the same faux suede jacket and I am soo happy with it! It's so worth buying. Love your hauls, especially Zara ones!!!!😍
I just ordered the oversize cardigan in gray. It will be perfect for when I fly to New Zealand in February. I had to limit my self, but wanted to buy everything in this haul💕
Ohhh so nice! Girl three bags for your birthday- you don't need to justify yourself! Love love love xxx
The grey hat. Love it.
Love the cardigans and herringbone grey /beige scarf, I love the bat wing coat on you, will be best when it's really cold as it looks roomy and big enough to wear a thick jumper underneath and still button it up. Your style is so good Susie X ❤️👍🏻💕
Use a bobbypin to fix the snag in your jumper!
Your hair colour is just so nice :D
Everything looks amazing and suits so well! Except I agree that the “cape style” coat at the end doesn’t sit as well as the other pieces.
What lipstick are you wearing? It look amazing on you!! xoxo
When u wear the cuffs over your hands!!! 🙈
Love the green cardigan and the suede jacket best.  I love the pink jumper contrasted with the black tie (very Chanel) but I would return since it has pulls in it.
that first grey scarf looks amazing on you! especially with your hair and makeup like that. so pretty <3
Top haul. I have recently become obsessed with Zara this season. I recently bought an insane pale pink and faux fur sweater with huuuge balloon sleeves. It's life. I LOVE it.
You can poke the pulled thread through the jumper (just stretch it a little bit where it's pulled-you will be able to poke it through one of the holes and pull it through from the inside). I have 2 cats I have to do it all the time!
Great video! You got so many cute clothes!! I have a small channel that I am really trying to grow. I would be super grateful if anyone could go check it out!💜
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything from this haul. I'm a short arse too and I need that aviator jacket it's perfect. 👌 Where are you jeans from you're wearing in the cut away frames? Xx
I bought the same sweaters in the exactly same colors😂
What jeans are you wearing?
Where are your jeans from? x
Where are your earrings from?
actually, I think the cape is really cute. It's really stylish and fashionable.
Do you actually try things on in store?
I want that camel jumper on you so much but it’s out of stock :’(
To be honest I'll never get why anyone would consider something 'high quality' when it's literally made up of only plasticy synthetic fibers like acrylic that will look terrible after a year of wearing...
I just want subs
Youtube made me buy it...so I now got the beige scarf, thanks Suzie ;-). I'd totally be in favour of a Bag Collection video :-)
Does anyone know where her gold choker is from? Been looking for it forever xx
Love this zara haul would love to see more of these
Her youtube channel is called helloOctoberxo...?
Love these type of videos with try ons!Also love the scarves.Liked them all from the start on your youtube vlogs!
Pills debuted at #1 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwFx0ROBf7o&index=1&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkMCVtuXEIz5BXpPfycTwsS5
I didn’t see that it said 'audio' so I kept waiting for her to move 😂😂
ok did the melody immediately remind anyone else of blue's clues........blue skidoo, we can too! pills to wake, pills to sleep!
hang on me official video??????????
2017 in the USA in a nutshell. XD
FREE REMIX of pills on soundcloud!!!\nhttps://soundcloud.com/puff-n-stuff/pills-paid-in-pain-remix
Cara !!!
QUICK SHAMELESS PLUG: https://soundcloud.com/electrik-5/joyride-1
2:42-4:41 best part
No bonus, buddy. No bonus
How have I not heard of this artist before? I love this!!!!
Discovered this woman by watching the Kate Bush documentary. I hear Kate Bush all over this work!
New St Vincent's lyrics are too direct and edgy for me.
Why does this sound like the pokemon red/blue song 'Guidepost' Love it!
3:08 - the lyrics are very reminiscent of Shine On You Crazy Diamond
I’m seeing St Vincent tomorrow night omg!!
I'm not excited by this last material
Thanks NPR for turing me on to this amazing Artist!
Sup, dudes. I am currently run a blog entitled Come and Share This Jam With Me where I share underrated and simply awesome songs that I love like Pills, and where I also discuss my delightful opinions about them. If you want to check it out follow this link: http://sharethisjam.blogspot.com/2017/10/pills-st-vincent.html or not, that's cool too
The childish melody on the intro and the chorus reminds me a lot of the Pokemon games on the gba
I'm not sure how many know how great Annie Clark really is, but I do, this girl is one of the greats...
I love this so much
time for me to see, my guitar to think
I really hated this song at first.
Brilliant. In every way.
Pills pills pills and a big stiff dick pills pills pills
it's crazy that it's been 10 years since I first heard Annie. Been devoted admirer ever since. \nI don't know if anyone else hears this but this is for me is evolution of the kind of stuff Pete Townshend was writing during the Who's Sell Out & Tommy era\nI immediately heard that kind of funny-but-serious approach in the pills to... refrain, and the left-field spiritual slow jam of the ending. That's the Who, right there. I'm loving every second of it. If only John Entwistle was alive to play bass on this shit. Love you Annie 💚🎶🎸🎶💚
The last part sounds like a 90's song we had in Romania, i kept listening to it didn't know why it sounded so familiar. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSqILPaz1KU
does this remind anyone else of the underpants gnomes' song from south park?
Ugh, why so many dislikes.  St. Vincent is amazing and always will be.
Cum to think of it, she has a Jeff Beck vibe guitar tone going on. 😋
This is like two awesome songs merged into one.
pretty good timing for this song considering that the vegas shooter took anti anxiety pills that  drove him to psychosis
I don't even know if that's a bass anymore (what year is this?), but the responsible for it knows his stuff
The first song, New York...just didn't really do it for me. I love Annie for her insanely idiosyncratic angular approach to songwriting....and that song just didn't tickle my fancy. But seeing her perform Los Ageless on Colbert....and now hearing THIS, I'm now super thrilled for this new album. I mean, she never ever disappoints....and this new albums is looking to be even _more_ eclectic and surreal _and catchy_ than past stuff, and that's saying something. Annie is such a force of nature...what I especially love about her is that she's not only absurdly creative and smart...but she's a bit nuts, maybe more than a bit. That's a very crucial ingredient to making a truly interesting artist, or even just an interesting human being.\n\nPeople like Bjork or Bowie or Prince or Jack White or Michael Jackson....this list is long, although only representing a *_tiny_* fraction of humanity, those sort of artists are what I gravitate toward. People who are not only very talented and informed at songwriting....but who also have a few screws loose; artists who seem very self-confident and mentally sharp, but who also have a noticeable undercurrent of madness lurking beneath the surface. That's an important element of creative thinking and doing...and Annie has it in spades. She's very..._iconic_ to me...and I'm hugely inspired by Annie in making my own music and art.
The breakdown sounds like the Rain down... section from Paranoid Android to me... (a good thing)
the end half reminds me of Marry Me, and whatever happens before that gives me a seizure. I kinda like it. It feels like a solid blend between new and old styles. It reminds me a bit of The Apocalypse Song from Marry Me, and then Your Lips are Red, and then the hook is like a 1960's commercial jingle
Music of this woman is  absolutely Unique !!! 😍 I love it !!!! 😍
This is my happy pill!
Those gucci shoes 😍
i love the part Cara sings
I hate pills but I like this songs.
I want to hear Mindless Self Indulgence do a cover of this
The beginning of the song sounds like that one Moana song tbh
I wouldn't need any pills to fuck her
Omg she is so sexy. Only girl I'd go gay for
It kind of reminds me of Tune Yards
let alone find that kind of vocal range
I hear Pokémon\nI hear Queen\nI hear Bowie\nI hear Pink Floyd\nI hear St. Vincent !!
Definitely my favorite so far from the singles released
Wow, love the song! Check out this group Head Noise below too, pretty quirky electro-pop also :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDKts5guMOU
We Happy Few better use this song in their promo... It's literally perfect.
this sucks so bad that im' done with youtube for right now.
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Ummmm this is so weird. It sounds like an ad St Vincent made. It is terrible and brilliant at the same time. The pills pills pills and a good stiff drink makes me nervous, but she redeems it towards the middle and the end with a classic rock structure. Maybe it'll make sense next to the other tracks.
Awesome song dead on commentary about how screwed up this society is and how we are all puppets of big Pharma.\n\nWhat one thing do all the shooters in all mass shootings have in common? They were all on multiple psychoactive prescribed drugs.
I WANT TO MAKE SEXY TIME WITH THIS WOMAN NOW!
PILLS HERE
that rug is amazing.
The outro has bowie vibes 🖤
Yes
Annie bravo <3
The outro interpolates ''Everyone You Know Will Go Away'', or the live song she played addressing mental health at David Byrne's show.\n(I am secretly SO happy for that)
I'm enjoying this new direction. It's not as heavy as the older albums. Better they try different directions and styles than stay stagnant trying to please fans who just want the artist to do the same thing again and again. Why can't people take a detour and try something different? Whether it's a different sound, visual or experience. There are always going to be some who stay in the past and are unhappy when artists change and experiment. And so what if St.Vincent wants to try performing on her own or offer a different experience? I'm glad when artists don't stay stuck just to please. Annie is trying something bolder, brighter and clearer. Observing different things now. Still staying true to her guitar. But I do understand sometimes people just don't dig something and that's fair enough. There's a beauty in difference of views and opinion.
AOTY
I like this.
Cara Delevingne is singing the chorus. I cant
On my zillionth listen now!
I'm so freaking hyped!!!!
me come
I hear Pokémon Red/Blue!
St. Vincent > Queen Bee
https://youtu.be/eB-CTk8oimc listen my band please!
Annie is spitting rhymes. Awesome!
love it
Annie❤
Sounds fresh AF.
yawn
ooooh
Sick
Much better than Los Ageless
Brilliant
no disappoint me ever
Bit like  The Bird and the Bee. From ten years ago.
Really talented pop composer though, like brilliant ear for melody and tasteful guitar, the music kicks ass. It's just like 'rage against the machine' or some other kind of immature preachy bad self-important lyricism, i can suffer through most of it.
I give up, I just can't like her. Idk what you see David Byrne.
really? this is about as edgy as a marble. yawn, hard pass.
Can somebody explain what's going on in the vidéo ???
I read somewhere that the Pills chorus has vocals by Cara Delevigne
Why aren't her new music on vevo?
SHe's a boring person desperately trying to be edgy and avant garde
CARA DELEVINGNE 😇😇😇😇😇
She said fuck
Firm flop into pop on this album. Lalala fafafa pillspillspills. She used to rock.
Anybody else LOVING that Cara Delivigne feature!
FREE MONEY FROM ATM, 100% LEGIT, BLANK CARD HACK\n\nPull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
I've really liked the way this album has sounded so far, but the social commentary has been lack luster. I definitely think you should put it in your music, but what does saying anything about plastic surgery or Fucking pills have to do? Yes there are plenty of people who take pills who don't need them, but I'm disabled and in debilitating pain and I need them to get out of bed. I need pills to wake and sleep and fucking walk AND eat because of stomach issues. Medical science has come a long way and I'm HAPPY for it. This song is catchy but the lyrics are a snooze fest. 😴😴😴😴😴😴
Portrait of an Artist Selling Out
i miss st. vincent, i miss annie clark. digital witness was certainly the harbinger for a departure, but i am afraid, in this departure, there is no lift-off. (my opinion)   2:42 is a saving return-to-form, the rest is so done, so medium. No boundaries pushed, which coming from annie clark, is what I interpret as pandering. que lastima...
i just nutted
To clarify: I never said I was definitely returning it (or the company took it back), I said we'll see if they let me! as a joke, knowing I've done a lot of stuff in it and also made a video documenting me doing those things, implying that they would definitely not let me return it. Sorry if that didn't come across or if anyone got confused! xox
I think that jacket is pants tbh
Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tubeman!\nWacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tubeman!\nWacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tubeman!\n\n\nHi, I'm Al Harrington, President and CEO of Al Harrington's Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man Emporium and Warehouse! Thanks to a shipping error I am now currently overstocked on wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube men, and I am passing the savings on to you! Attract customers to your business, Make a splash at your next presentation, Keep grandma company, Protect your crops. Confuse your neighbors, African American? Hail a cab! Testify in church, Or just raise the roof! Whatever your wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man needs are! So come on down to Al Harrington's Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man Emporium and Warehouse! Route 2 in Weekapaug.
http://www.charlotterusse.com/holographic-bustier-crop-top/302474471.html?dwvar_302474471_color=085&cgid=halloween#icid=HP-hero&start=16\nThough not questionable, it's holo
All i'm asking myself is did you return it?
Why is it $700? I could make that
this is now my favorite video on youtube, thank you saf
Saf i love your channel it's super entertaining! this is my favorite series. could you try the craziest shoes from irregular choice?!
https://www.banggood.com/Casual-Dad-Bod-Phone-Waist-Bag-Flesh-Colored-Beer-Fat-Belly-Fanny-Pack-Dadbag-p-1207344.html?utm_source=pinterest&utm_medium=cpc&utm_content=jon&utm_campaign=ik-fh-mb-1belly-us-new-m&pp=0\n\nThis thing is even worst than the hairy chest bathing suit.I couldn't believe it when I saw it, but I immediately knew what I was going to do with this. Post it here.
When she wears the jacket inside out, it looks like chaps for the arms.
my dream is going to L.A. and interview people about that crazy chick who wears ugly stuff
Spotted another version of this jacket at Hera Seoul Fashion week, worn by Ren from Nu'est W!! :))) It's catching on!
I love how she adds history in her videos.
ok so she's funny. Like really funny.
This is by far the funniest video you've ever posted!
Cristine and Saf have such a cute friendship ❤
I took the jacket to meet a friend I burst out laughing. Too funny
Taking ‘sweaterpaws’ to a whole new level.
I feel like she goes to Disneyland in every video 😂😂
I'm only here for the fashion history facts
“I’m not saying I’m good enough to be hired but I’m good enough to work for free” 😂
Ehh if it was like 20$ I'd wear it :,))\n\nI kinda like it
I found jeans for your next video! Dare I say they might be the ugliest yet! https://www.facebook.com/HahahaLetsLaugh/photos/a.701775023186303.1073741826.557235980973542/1666556946708101/?type=3
next you should give hairy leggings a try
Can I just say that I was more impressed by you wearing a return tag attached to your clothing... for a whole week :D
I thought  it looked pretty cute actually when you wore it with the dress or skirt or whatever
When you started Devil Wears Prada-ing it. omg I'm going to die laughing.....As long as you don't need to eat or be perceived as a normal human... lol I can't breathe...This is like the jacket from hell. Yay for Disney though...Also Cristine :D
I freaking loved this video, man alive that is amazing. oh you made me laugh. so so many time xD
This amused me way more than I expected.
Next can you do ugliest t-shirt 😋
Designer be like: Shit, I got a pair of jeans left, why don't I just sew that onto a jacket and see if anyone jumps on the hype bus?
lmao @ 5:26
You should trying wearing Indian clothes for a week and see what people think
I had the same jacket 18 years ago from Giordano; yes, that was almost 2 decades ago. It was sold for around 25usd. How they marketed the jacket was to roll them up to your wrist, much like any other regular denim jacket and no one would be the wiser of its full couture potential...until it met you. Best video I've watched on YouTube this week, you've outdone yourself, Safiya. *claps claps*
https://www.facebook.com/HarpersBazaar/posts/10155341971242562
I died at 5:27😂😂😂😂😂
Wondering how weird her closet's looking
I would've worn the t-shirt with the tutu sash.
10/10 would buy it just to smack people with it as I walk past them.
Sounds like/rhymes with net-ah-por-tay.  It's a play on prêt-à-porter, ready-to-wear which is in contrast to couture (tailored to and created for you specifically).\n\nJust fyi.  😉
It looks like you have 4 legs
I would wear the first one for when I have to shake hands with others. I don't do handshakes Or contact with others or eye contact
Later in the week, I went to visit a friend I had to shubscribe!!! Loves it!!
i watched this and u made me feel better thank u for making me lol
THIs whole video is what us short people feel like when we buy anything long sleeved. XD
Ben wasn't fazed by it because he's so used to the weird shit Cristine does lol. Also, I was so worried you would miss the opportunity to tie it down like a straight jacked, but thankfully Cristine delivered!
Oh yeah I bought this jacket and cut the sleeves off
not lying I would wear that I love the sleeves
Hey, Saf, I have been watching your fashion videos and I find them HILARIOUS! As for the jacket, tho, there are many other ways to wear it (especially if you weren't able to return it). Like button the buttons, don't wear the sleeves and tie them around your chest (and maybe a t-shirt or a shirt inside). I think that questionable image of the jacket (fortunately) is not the only way to wear it and this way it can be much better (or so I imagine). Keep cool :)
You made it look so good lol
Dollskill has a ton of stuff with sleeves like this right now :P
This is definitely my favourite video of yours, you're so funny
iN tHiS rOoM *is outside*
are you sure thats a jacket?
Just trim the sleeves if you Dont want it to be long anynore
Some fitting jeans to complete the outfit - https://imgur.com/gallery/nMhXvem
Beyonce wore this kind of jacket on her instagram. It was a long jacket cuffed up
You should try the glossy eye trend!!!
got to love your confidence to wear such weird stuff in public!!!! good on you!
Okej so this happened https://www.instagram.com/p/BaSyJJhnoiu/ the matching shirt
NEXT VIDEO IS I WEAR SUPER LONG NAILS FOR A WEEK and i mean dUPER DUPER LONG OK
You're so pretty :O I don't like denim, but it looks very pretty on you.
What happens if you're short and it's raining? >.<
what brand of jeans do you buy?
The more uncomfortable you seem, the wealthier you are. #hmm
This video made me so extremely uncomfortable that I couldn't watch it but i love all ur other videos
CRISTINE OUT OF HER MAIN HABITAT I DONT KNOW WHAT TO THINK
This was a good video until crisrein showed up
At Disney her skirt flew up
this video made my day. after laughing so much :) love saf so much. she is truly one of a kind.
There are hairy leggings and once I saw them I thought Saf would wear these so here you go
You should wear all the “ugly” stuff for a day  or week
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHERE SAF GOT HER MINI BACKPACK. I NEED IT 4:07
One spin and everyone is getting slapped
Oh my god, I could not BREATHE for the day seven jacket. This is the hardest I've ever laughed at one of your videos.
you should wear heelys for a week!!
I can see you just swinging it around and let it hit the people that think it’s ugly 😂😂 and girl I can also see you saying “anything that’s on my damn body always look good bitch” 😂😂😂
Its for fashion
Buzzfeed vibes, eh ? \n( jk no hate 😅 Love saf )
5:27. I died!! 😂😂😂
namjoon?
12:29 Luna Lovegood of 2017
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Legit my OCD is telling me roll those FUCKING  sleeves!!!!
Safiya, you're hilarious and you rocked that jacket!
That laugh at 1:38 😂
QUEEEEEEEEEEN! LOVE YOUR VIDS! THESE ONES ARE AMAZING!
GOT7 looked good with overlong sleeves...
5:27 HAHAHA made my day <3
I laughed til I choked at the wacky inflatable tube man part
SLENDERMAN JACKET
Hahhhahaha that dance😂
10:48 when Saf says simply nailogical but someone types simply illogical :D
“I’m Edward Denim Hands”
10:43 DEAD 💀 😂
Jenderman
omg i laughed so hard!!!!
TRY CRUGGS (crocks+uggs)
edward denim hand lol
This is my fav
Who's working on Halloween treats? Links from this episode below! 👇\n\nNEW pumpkin spice buttercream recipe — http://craftsy.me/2i09HRC\n\nSpice cake recipe —http://craftsy.me/2xuwzei\n\nEPISODE BONUS: Halloween treats & baking inspiration —http://craftsy.me/2fXIvPm\n\nDownload the spider template —http://craftsy.me/2gpREkm\n\nExtruder — http://craftsy.me/2ybzcW6\n\nFreeze spray -- https://shop.chefrubber.com/item/703003S/Magic-Freeze-Spray/\n\nEPISODE ROUNDUP: everything from this episode — http://craftsy.me/2yCIGL6\n\nMORE CREEPY CAKE INSPIRATION\nSee me sculpt a chocolate skull —https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gpXb...\n\nCheck out my zombie-fied wedding cake — https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NObiU...
I was Dolly Parton with Tennis Balls in my shirt and a big wig! #halloweencostum
That cake looks like a stack of egg salad sandwiches on the inside.... I need to eat it
What kind of idiot thumbs down your videos!!!
hi there jjr how do you get your crumb and 2nd coat so smooth?
Can you please give us a link to bubble tea straws on Amazon so we can see what size you use? Please?!
Omg the spice girls banter was my favourite part of the whole video 😂😂😂
I know I'm not the only who was singing with the guys to spice girls😂😂🎤🎤
When the power tool was properly revealed I heard and ethereal grunting ala Tim Allen in Home Improvement. Like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLnFdYt4yZw
Your cakes always look so moist. Do you syrup them before cutting them or are they genuinely that moist!?
Ok the spice girls puns were everything 😂
Thumbs up if you watch this for the crew.
Please collab with Yolanda of how to cake it
The spider won't bite us but we'll bite it
Joshua, may I ask why you trim the cake before crumb coating? curious and wanting to learn
Please, Please, PLEASE!!!!! I need tomsee the guys singing the Spice girls... :)
I knew you were special! ;) Halloween baby here, I too love all things Halloween. Looking foward to all of your creations.
So beautiful! I love you guys!! Too funny
I'd love you to do an Atlantis themed cake...!
Whats up with his nose in this video? It looks like serious contouring...
This is so gorgeous! I love it!
I like your cake
I love your crew! This video had my daughter and I cracking up. When will we meet the crew?!?
This has been my favorite video yet- one day I'd love to see the faces behind Spice Girls 2.0 😂👍🏼
JJR ~ I condition the gum paste with shortening as well as rub the outside of the gum paste with shortening before inserting into my extruder.  It works.  Thanks for the laughs!!!  :D
There are definitely five Spice Girls, guys. \n\nSporty, Baby, Ginger, Scary, and Posh.
Sorry jjr, I also love spice girls soooo. I actually like them singing. Bwuahahaha
Can I please marry Brandon?😂 He seems so funny!
the spider looks like a crab
Hi Joshua i liked  your cake design and I’m wondering what type of gold paint do you used??please provide the name Thxs
Amazing how do u do it
Its Saturday and I'm STILL singing Spice Girls songs!\nThanks guys!
I really appreciated watching the struggle of innovation. It made me feel like it is totally worth every time I try something new. Thanks!!
The middle of the video is a hot mess haha
The guys should sing in every episode.
but the spice girls are amazing especially with spice cake
What do you have against Spice girls Joshua ? lol
This thumb up was for the Spice Girls enthusiasts behind the camera. You guys rocked.
I was the grudge for my freshman year of college.... totally won the costume contest! It was badass
I HATE SPIDERS.\nNo wonder this didn't appear in my sub list.
I’m so scared of spiders that it gives me chills even seeing you make it, especially the pointy legs of them but I couldn’t help but watch till the end and it’s beautiful
You love the Spice Girls and you know it! Friendship never eeenndss!
This was extremely good I loved it plz make more videos
To make you feel better there are 5 Spice girls, so Brandon is a little less creepy now. Well on that end of the spectrum 😂
JJR, the spice Girls are nothing to be ashamed of! We all love them, even you! Don't fight the spice.
Where do you get all of your shirts??? I love them!!!
Found your channel from iJustine! Love it.
He hates the Spice Girls,  tries to use a drill to make gum paste strings for decoration, and knows what channel locks are. Yep, definitely a Man . . . About Cake.\n\nAs for my costume, I'll be dressing up as a skeleton for work, but my husband wants us to dress up as peanuts so we can be nuts together.
Does whatever a spider cake does
I love this cake
Next Video please collab with How to Cake It
Aw, JJR, the crew's singing is great though!!! Love the cake (even though I'm arachnaphobic) and the crew!
I was Baby Spice when I was 8, my best friend was sporty spice and my neighbor made us sing for our candy.
Can you do a vampire team please. Beacuse I am a big fan of Twilight movie.🖒👍👍
I loved the guys singing and making JR turn red in the face. LOL 🤣💘
Long time ago I made and wore an autumn-themed costume  (that was inspired by Marjorie the Trash Heap on the puppet show FRAGGLE ROCK)  to work which won 2nd place in the costume contest. It was a separate hood over a long sleeved maxi length dress out of soft, drape coral-orange knit fabric; covered over with preserved florist autumn leaves and stems that I had meticulously appliquéd by hand. The accessory was a fan rake and to remove ANY doubt as to what I was supposed to be, my name tag read:  Pile-a Leaves!\nYou could make an Pile of Leaves autumnal cake like that too.  Bet it would be gloriously golden and gorgeous!
Really bitch! I was about to go to sleep and then I seen this video in my recommendation 💀💀😢😢
The Spice Girl puns! Lol Had me dying!
For the record, there were FIVE Spice Girls. Not four ;)
I love that all the guys started singing spice girls lol 🤣🤣😂
Love the Halloween opening!!!
You put a top panel on you middle tier. Did the gumpaste stay soft enough for the bubble tea straws
You guys are funny! (: JJR I always enjoy watching your vids!
These are two videos I believe everyone should watch and share.\n\n1.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxmEFeKy8aI&t=224s\n\n2.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCLoIorYguU
Is that like a weird instrumental of ghost town in the background???
Honestly I think the spider would have been creepier if he would left it bone white and painted the top-tier gold underneath it. Cuz then I would look like a weird Fusion of the skeleton and spider
One of my most favourite video...if you wanna be my lover LOL 😂
This was one of the funniest episodes ever!!!  I loved watching this one!
Sorry, but I gotta love the singing and the Spice Girls references.  Totally liked for the Spice Girls stuff!!
I like the added Spice Girls 😅
Their singing is beautiful
me and my best friend are thing 1 and thing 2
My best Halloween costume (or, at least, my favorite) was Eric Draven from The Crow. I was about twelve or thirteen, wore an all black outfit with a life-sized crow decoration stitched to the shoulder of my shirt (and of course I had the makeup). It was awesome, and we didn't even get to go trick or treating that year -_-
This is one of the most beautiful cakes I've ever seen! It's so elegant!!! I loved every detail... AMAZING JOB!
so is he a top or bottom
I absolutely love your work!!!! Please please please do a two sided cake!!!!!!
The Halloween intro is amazing
My new favorite sound is the cutting bubble tea straws. Btw just found your YouTube channel from the trending videos.
we need more singing!!! kmao
Can make a Australia themed cake pls
I will sing a spice girls song every time I hear pumpkin spice lol
Você é show de bola!!!!!!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻🍰🍰
hands down my favorite episode the singing and back seat caking make this too legit to quit. #backseatcaking
FUNNIEST post ever! Cake very cool too.
Lol
make a succulent cake! 😍
What a stunning cake!!!!!
My favorite MAC video
You honestly need more subscribers Josh
Ammmazzing... No words
#letbrandonsing
JJR, you so fine <3
the buttercream kinuf looks crunchy almost
Num
I LOVE HALLOWEEN!
I want your shirt 😂😁
LOLOLOL, those references. LOL dead. FRIENDSHIP NEVER ENDSSSSSs
Love it lol
Make a jack skelington cake!
stop singing LOL
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 the cough and spray 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
She has the sweetest little voice
There has to be something that you got from preschool\n\nYes there is, daddy! Germs!!!
Not the crawling apples that make noises?!?! 😂😂  and yes... a good nasty virus these kids will bring home from school.. just recovered from one my 8 yr old twins brought home. Went to the Dr convinced my kidneys were infected my body ached so bad... but I digress. As always... ❤️❤️❤️ the videos !!!
LOL...priceless...the water splashing in LaGuardia's face...the puzzled look on his face afterwards and his comment Before I force you to drop out of preschool....I'm hollering all over again...LOL. LaGuardia you crazy...ha ha ha
The end had me deadddddd
I love cross family!!
She is soooo pretty. Love the 4 of yall
But she never answered the question
She didn't answer the question.  Lol
She is soooo cute!!! I Love you Dad!!!!
your videos are so funny they crack me up😹😅😄😆😅😄😊😉
Blessings to you Precious La Guardia Family  👨‍👩‍👧‍👧  <-------add a little color 😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Love your videos your Princesses is going to get a kick outta these videos when they grow up!
There must be something you got from preschool \n*Cough* cough*\nMe: yeah a cold
Now i can do the distraction dance when my teachers ask me for my homework. She's a lifesaver
That cough at the end was everything!!
umm no 😂😂 you have beautiful girls .
My eight year old son loves watching these videos with me. His only complaint is that they’re too short.
Your videos give me baby fever!!!
She is such a beautiful child.
Appleess...and then she leans like she knew what she was talking about.  Love it❤
When LaGuardia ask about the boys names, why am I waiting for Amalah to say...\n\nIdontknownuttinaboutdatsh**!
Little one not so little. Sweet girl
My gender is a llama unicorn.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSo i need her shirt.
I feel like now that Amala can form senctences on her own now interviews will be funnier
OMG I almost died laughing!!  The best thing about this family is it's so down to earth and AWESOME!!! both the girls are beautiful...  And also La Guardia is awesome because you can randomly find him in the comments section... This is family goals!:-D:-D
I was watching the flash then I realized “ omg!?!! I haven’t seen la guardia cross in a long time!!!!!! “ I thought I was going to DIE 😵 so as fast as I can ( I was like flash) I got my phone and looked up you name.I saw this video and almost cried . You guys give me the smile on my face ( keep up the outstanding work ) I love you guys ❤️❤️
I loved the soca dance break :)
What about the question
She didn't need subtitles! Our baby is growing up! 😢👶🏾👧🏾
I would love to babysit her😍😍
Lots of love from your aunty in JAMAICA! Your vids never cease to crack me up! Keep it up ❤❤❤
Love your interviews with your kids great memories love it soo cute and funny
Love you Amala... she is such a talented girl and credit goes to parents... I am pretty sure you are an amazing dad... share ur parenting tips also... anything to raise confident kids... thanks once again... God bless ur family...
Turn on my notification for you and i cannot wait for more updates. Tell the princesses i love them so much, hugs from Indonesia.
Thats. Me With the Lysol.   I still do my 14 year old like this.  Lol.  Keep away and go take some medicine quick, fast, and hurry.
Issa tiger. The new meme of 2017
I remember when amalah was just 4 Months... now she is 2! I cant believe it😢
She's said tiger. It's a tiger. SOOO clear oml 😍
I still want to know about them boys amaleh
Need!! Longer!! Videos!! Love!! This!! Channel!! Anyone else??
Goodness this stuff is hilarious. Always look forward to the next video .
Teach her about the birds and the bees
Can you make slime with amalah
24 people did thumbs down?  those 24 need a new brain!
The distraction dance is better than any dance in 2017
Yall are hilarious. I look forward to your videos and you seem to ne a great father.....keep up the good work.
She has grown so big 😍
lol I love your videos. You need to make a movie.
Amalah; Eeeeeeeeeee!!!\nLaGuardia:I have no idea what animal makes that sound. I don't wanna guess. Tell me. \nAmalah: Eeeeeee apples!\nLaGuardia: OH MY GOD \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm dying 🤣🤣🤣
When she said apples I WAS ROLLIN!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
💀💀💀💀 not the lysol spray 😂😂😂😂 well you asked what else she got from preschool 🤣🤣🤣
 tiger it's a tiger 😂😂😂 she sounds so cute. God bless her.
Saw ur baby interview on Facebook! This is awesome! I love seeing such fun family videos. And the theme songs have me sold SUBSCRIBED
OMG these interviews are hilarious 😆 Amalah is the Queen of spin, she answers no questions, but has you talking about firefighters👩🏽‍🚒 Priceless 😂
Too Cute!!! And Too Funny!!!☺ 2 Comedians!! love It
I love this as usual... keep up the amazing work
Well that's what she got!!!! 😂
Amalah's speaking properly omdss I could cry, subtitles are becoming less and less
I love any video you guys make!!!!!!!
Lol.... did she fart?
she so cute😭😭😭😭
I love her shirt😍 LLAAAMMAAA
Oh, i dunno.
Bruh when she starts to cough  ....I died 😭💀💀
Lol at  threenager. 
Apple
Great job dear.
Haha!!
Amalah got a boyfriend!!!!!
Germs, so many germs...
1:01 ouuu Amala got a boyfriend
🤭😆🤓😄 luv it!
Dynamic Duo....😂😂😂❤❤👍👍👍👍
Omg this is hilarious!!!!!
Sooooo good!! Too funny! Love you guys!
Lmaooooo what conversation about boys?!
APPLES 🍎
0:34 another wild bird call
Sing amala
So adorable
Bless her
😂😂😂
Love it!
Love it!!!
Yaaaaaas my favorite family🙌🏾❤️🙌🏾❤️
😂😂😍
1:21 lmfaooooooo 😂
I mean cutest kid ever!
Threenager!!!!
big girl!!!!
I am literally crying laughing....omg! 😂 #adorable
So cute.
Funniest family channel on YouTube
That was hilarious!! Lol
Too cute!
This is hilarious!!
Next time someone asks me something that I don't want to reveal, I'll counter with what color is a firefighter? 😂😂😂
Amalah never did answer the question about the boys names!!!🤣🤣🤣
My daughter is in preK this year--she's one of 3 girls in a class of about 12-15. Yup, that's 3 girls and 9-12 boys. Her besties are all boys. Only down side is them teaching her to root for the wrong team--she came home today cheering for the Buckeyes when we're a Bobcat family! Austie [Austin] taught me that is apparently enough explanation. LOL.
How is the porg cute?  I don't get it...
How many times will Pablo Hidalgo have to tell you Gray Jedi dont exist!? Stop perpetuating the myth!
Where tf is Jessica Chobot
yes, we are excited!
so an unoriginal movie. Star Wars is ruined.I'm out.
Pablo Hidalgo tweeted MONTHS ago; \nI don't understand all this Grey Jedi talk. It's the light side, the dark side, and that's it. There is no Grey\n\nI foresee ALOT of disappointed theorists in our future. \n\nI guess this is what happens when fans have NOTHING but time between episodes to make predictions and speculation. \n\nI would say, I'm not hating on the people who speculate! but that wouldn't be true. \n\nI'm letting Lucasfilm fill in the blanks for me. As they have since 1977. They created this thing I hold so dear.
Everyone be like, oh can't watch the trailer! Can't spoil it!\n\n\nMe: @nerdist TEAR THAT $*!T APART.
I think a BIG detail was missed: Luke's fear!
I love how she pretends to give a fuck about all of this xD
Great job Amy on this episode of Nerdist News!
She talks too fast the first half.  She needs to pace and breathe.  Outside of that, it cracks me up all this crying over Jessica, happens every time she isn't in the video lol
I can't wait for Dec., but seen this new trailer it as the look of a rehash Empire Strikes Back like with The Force Awakens from a New Hope. basically The Empire/New Order & Rebel/Resistance still haven't learn from history. they might have new tech, but still essentially stuck in a loop.
What about the line which Luke says about raw power ?
I bet she has a HUUUGE vagina
We are eternal spiritual beings having a very brief earthly experience.   R.I.P and annihilation are a LIE!! Dont wait until you breathe your last to find this out.  \nhttps://youtu.be/5QqMQNPy2LU\nhttps://youtu.be/p70oyjbKftQ
The grey jedi crap goes against EVERYTHING.
I didn't miss shit!
the scene between Brienne of Tarth I mean... Phasma and Finn is reminicent of the Revenge of the sith  cover with Anakin striking Obi-wan with his lightsaber inside Darth Vader's face
#teamporg but where is my girl Jessica!?
Porgs and Star Wars fans are words that will never go in a sentence together. EVER.
Je--Jessica? Is that... you? Wow. Star Wars has changed you
What's with Rey's white lightsaber or am I seeing things?
Loving that Vault-Tec top!!
I suspect Kylo is most likely reaching out to either his mom in the present after her base is destroyed, or to Luke in the past (after destroying his school); not to Rey.\n\nMaybe when Luke says: “this isn’t going to go the way you think” he’s either talking to Kylo in the past before he destroys the school, or to Kylo in the present after he comes looking for Rey after Luke sends her away, or even talking to Leia with the force about Kylo; not to Rey.\n\nI highly-suspect that Snoke is talking about Rey’s power while ‘training’ her with torture or whatever, and with the “something truly special” he’s recalling the evil she felt when considering killing Kylo in the last movie - a move on the path to the dark side. And “fulfill your destiny” is maybe the disappointment Snoke has that she didn’t kill Kylo then, who was just the bait/decoy, so he’s commanding her to do it now. \n\nI then suspect that Rey has a change of heart about Kylo when he starts encouraging her to kill him “kill the past” after their familial relation (and her ‘superior’ bloodline) is revealed...I think Snoke wants to use her unrivaled power as a sith and that’s why he had Kylo kill all the young Jedi and concentrate the force onto her. But, with this imbalance of power, “it isn’t going to go the way Snoke thinks”...maybe she’s so powerful after Leia (and possibly Luke) and other force users ‘die’ that she unwittingly drained the force from all of the remaining ones and hence no more Jedi (or siths)...and then the force finds balance another way, perhaps one we’ve never seen. *excited face*
I'm on team Amy.
How did the star go from being cute to unattractive in just 18 months
Jesus! Fuck! What is it with her eyes?
She reminds me a lot of Pearl from Steven Universe.
But what about Luke being placed on the back of the poster? Like all antagonists have been in the posters as far as I know.
Nothing about Phasma and Fin, but all about the Porgs? Are you taking Star Wars not serious? :)
NERDGASM FOR THE CRYSTAL FOX!!!!!!!
I miss jessica\n\n
this trailer was the final piece that convinced me: star wars is DEAD.
Could Snoke's torturing of Rey be a force dream and not real?
Some of you guys give nerds a bad name. \nWhat does it matter who is presenting? It's the content I'm here for!
#teamporg\nI hope I don't wind up regretting that.
Love the trailer, but I hope it's full to the brim of misdirection like the Rogue One trailers. All I'm going to take from this is that it looks COOL!!!!!
Holy shit the blatant disconcerting reading-face she's doing is the most distracting thing I've seen in weeks, and the fact that you had to KEEP CUTTING TO HER RANDOMLY forced me to keep most of the video off the screen at all times because seeing her leaning forward staring at the cue cards/prompter made every word she said turn into those sounds adults made on Peanuts cartoons.\n\nIf you have to bring someone on that can't read without leaning in and making it obvious, at least don't cut to her at random frequent intervals so it's less of a distraction.
A bit dumb and logic jumpy. I think after that scene with the ships giant robot elephants warp in shooting nuclear bananas.... Could happen!
The fact that they remembered the blast mark is amazing. So much attention to detail.
Fuck Jessica\nShe's a thot
Where the hell is Chobot?
I am hyped for Carrie Fisher but it’s going to break my heart, and I want a nude scene with Poe and Finn... but that’s just me...
that prog is going to be annoying
Amazing, Amy did great, even she has the same gesture of putting the arms behind her back!! 😍 In general she's more cute and Jess more spicy, but anyway, good job!! 😊
is it just me or thi Amy Vorpahl is just too hot!! damn
spoiler warning after playing parts from the trailer. im sure anyone who want avoiding spoilers would not have click this any way. but still you made a shitty warning
Bb8 getting zapped from the back of Poe’s Tie Fighter, a nod to R2D2 getting zapped on the back of Luke’s Tie Fighter in Star Wars A New Hope???
#TeamCrystalFox If they're running into the base it's clear they've been domesticated and are being used somehow by the Resistance. For who knows what but they're cool!
Got to love myself a little Porg
I agree with Mark Hamill: They have totally fucked up Luke's character,and this trailer seems to be more evidence of that.  Also, they should retitle this Episode 8: Return of the Mary Sue
Chewie is a legend!! where does he fit in all this? are R2 and 3PO going to continue on their dumbass adventures? what about BB8 and the new evil BB9??? also, Phasma..... how sick does she look?!
Great breakdown because you added bits of info you know as a fan already knolagble about the Last Jedi
Amy, dunno what you did with you hair but it worked. You looking damn fine.
I wonder is Rey was created by Snoke a'la Darth Plagueis with the purpose of mating with Kylo to give rise to the ultimate Force child?
Star Wars: Return of the Mary Sue
#TEAM CHEWBACCA because he is going to eat that stupid porg thing lol
We are the Porg. Resistance is futile.
Hey! Nice Vault-Tec dress/shirt(?)!
Herow Amy!!  Great job :)
the cutest porn(???) footage yet 0:22
#TeamCrystalFox
mad cute
Ugh.. Bring back Jessica
I might go with #teamamylooksBEAUTIFULL
#teamcrystalfox
Grow a bin
#TEAMPORG
big nose ass😭
# Crystal Fox
Needs more Chobot.
CRYSTAL FOX 😍😍😍😍😍💞
No Jess = No Like ;-P
# TEAM freaking POOORGGG
SUBSCRIBE toUPWARD HKL if u ply gta 5
bruh! crate crystal=kyber crysral?!
#teamboth?
so Empire Strikes Back 2.0?
3:08 Krayt dragon skull
She is adorable!
#TeamCrystalFox
Where is Jess?
porg = digimon\ncrystal fox = pokemon
Awesome episode.  Amy is great
#teamnotfluffyspacebunnymadefortoysalesandkids
#TeamCrystalFox
Team Jessica!
She looks like Gwendoline Christie aka Captain Phasma aka Brienne
Send Aunty back , we want jessica !!!
She looks like Captain Phasma.. :p
Team crystal fox
JESSICAAAAAAA
#teamCrystalFox
I def dig Amy
Quality Review Nerdist!
Wheres jessica
kristal fox
Why do the US and UK trailers have different middles.. THIS CHRISTMAS or THIS DECEMBER around the 1min 20 mark...
Basically its all white males are now bad.... You know, the majority of the USA... Now has to sit back and let 'minorities' take over to become 'equal' WHEN they wont show the same in countries they come from.... Thats how pathetic people are. Wont help each other in their own country BUT make white people PAY for their 3rd world country immigrants that want free stuff and to blame everyone else for their mistakes in life...... How pathetic.
Bring back jessica
Nice one Belongs to Songbird serenade\nAlways being a True Life Equestria Dream.\n\n\nBianca Lubas\nIloilo city,phils
anyone else notice that flutters barely spoke in the movie?
And my tears fell down when this song started in the movie, this one makes me remember what is MLP for me :')
(Sees movie in add wonders what is happening, finds out) HIT ME HIT ME WITH YOUR CAR😂😂😂😂😂*\nI LOVE U HASBRO I WAITED SOOOO LONG FOR A MLP MOVIE.  AHHHHHHHH FANGIRLING RIGHT NOW MLP IS MY CHILD HOOD (screams)
I love this song and this video is perfect!!
I watched the new movie of my little pony
O por dios Es tan Bello :3
Love the sing😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉😉
Sia is my favirote singer😍😍😍
Soy rarity 😆
mom\npop
Love this song
You foot discord in the moove
the only thing good about this movie are the music playing during the movie for me.
Thank you Hasbro for making my life one of the greatest life's in the world I can't do anything without you!
It's beautiful 😍💙💜💚❤️💝.I love it then \nanyone
OMG SIA 😀😀😀😀😮😍😍😍we love you
I just watched this because Sia was on it. \nAnd for Capper
Круто!! а песня RAINBOW' Выйдет на русском??\nбудет интересно послушать) с меня лайк
THANK YOU FOR MAKING A PONY LOOK LIKE SIA THANK YOU AHHHHHH THANK YOU!!!!! (I wonder if sia will watch this?)
For MyLittlePony the serie for friendship only
I watch the movie already i feel like i want to watch it again xD
I love to learn to sing this...
i would challnge sia to do slime
Songbird is DJpon3 is new friend because the like music
Отлично супер я восторге!
Cya at the leaked S7 finale chat livestreams in 2 weeks.
Just omg im a giant fan of mlp and ive hard litterally everysingle one best by far this IS he best one
I think the people who don't saw the movie will don't know that it's from MLP
Anyone bought a DVD to watch yet? I already order 7-10 days delivery $30.90 haha knew i'm just too excited and i really love it so much thanks Hasbro for making Our favorite show we can't wait to see more new episode or movie in the future. :)
Sia's voice is so great for this song.I memorized the whole song and also some of the clips are from movie. LOVE IT.
i saw it when it comes in asia 12 october
i love this music becuse i love my little pony the movie
me pregunto si my little pony tendra otro rediseño o se quedara asi nomas
I CANT WAIIIITT the movie came out here and I’m watching it on the weekend SQUUUEEEEEEEEEE
This is my favorite song in the whole movie
I....I love it it was so beautiful I love the song
This is an awsome song hasbro you know I’m a fan of my little pony keep makeing  my little pony
So amazing!!! Best music video of my little pony
I love  this song  or than the magic  in side
I love this song so much
Nicely done Hasbro! An official PMV!  This is outstanding!\n\nBut since this is the first movie where they are not EQG does that mean the series is coming to a close? :(
AWESOME  VIDEO AND THE MOVIE WAS SO FANTASTIC I LOVED IT SO MUCH
Unfortunately a lot of lyrics are wrong in this, haha.
I love it
Amazing #love rainbow song
i love my little pony the movie 😊😊😊
2:11 - 2:16.\nSia is SO FUNNEH(I am calling Itsfunneh.LOL)XD\n\n\n\n\n\nYeah...i am dying of laughter.(When...LIKE PINKIE PIE * Pinkie Pie voice)!!!!!
Now I'm confused since some of the lyrics changed...
I am tearing up of joy when i first watched the movie, And this song was making my heart melt
I love this song it makes me cry every time
I love you animation in the movie and I love the music and the songs and everything about it this is amazing
am i the only one who thinks that applejack is cute here😄😄😄 2:07
Like si te perdiste la peli 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😣😣
beautiful! ;u;
Twilight looks kinda, mind posted, when she's saying: and you'll question why...
Imagine TOUCH The RAINBOW😆
I CAN SEE A RAINBOW💜
Democracy... Hahaha my butt...
8ikiluio
Love mlp
Aww so soft so beautiful
.
I love this song! !!💖💖
I can see a rainbow, in your tears as they fall on down.\nI can see your soul grow, through the pain as they hit the ground.\nI can see a rainbow, in your tears as the sun comes out 🌈
This is one of my favorite movies of all time :D
I Can See A Rainboowww..!!
my faborit SONG
😻😻
spike
I can SIA RANBOW
#MLP
Hg
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈😍🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈
All those ponies givin' meh diabetes..... XD\n#SoCute
I love it :')
🔴 My Little Pony 2017 FuIIMᴏᴠɪᴇ [ plus.google.com/u/1/+SherlyKing/posts/4ZaFrraMqmB ]
Awesome video!! Hail to My Little Pony!!!!!
🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈
Hasbro please do the MOST CUTEST songbird serenade
Good work Hasbro.
OMG SEEING IT LOOKS SO GOOD
Is awesome!!!
so cool
Who put onions here?
No where is glimmy
Era muy buena 😂
0:59 GANDON....
I can Sia rainbow.
Omg so amazing!
My best song
My Littie pony 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Дима плагиат
It is AWESOME!
Thak you for make this vidio free donlode
awesome!
🍿 *My Little Pony 2OI7* FuII-Hᴅ-Mᴏᴠɪᴇ [ plus.google.com/u/1/+SherlyKing/posts/4ZaFrraMqmB ]
I want mlp with ariana grande next!😊😇
Hermosa canción!! ❤
Bruno is so awesome\n No wonder why he is the pop king of this generation. I admire him so much. HOOLIGANS CAN Y'ALL RELATE?!
King of Talents. Give him all the existent awards already!!
Oh man that voice and those back ups 👍👍👍
For all these autotuned ass singers please be able to sing live cause if not we know u can't sing. Bruno sounds good wit auto tune, without auto tune, he sounds great live and even better accapela so if u don't like of love Bruno mars the u on some strong ass week or coke💯💯
I guess this song means he learned his lesson in *When I Was Your Man* and now treating his girl right.
Hot and Hard to duplicate. Great Remix.
This is good af!!!!!
I fucking love it when artists change things up and do something original
you killing me Bruno! as if you needed more...you and those damn hooligans!
I feel so happy every time I watch this. #thebrunoeffect
That’s what I like😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥
The next backpack kid
How u gonna tell me BM isn't one of the greatest to ever do it??
This guy is pure talent
I dearly  love this artists if  I were 30years younger  I d make it my best to met him there  is  not one song he has written  that I don't  love at age 67 he has brought nothing but joy to my life I'd love to have money to go to one of his shows it would be the best thing to happen to me except  the birth of my children
I love this new version! Bruno Mars and The Hooligans are the best!👍🏽👏🏽😘
why is he sitting in backpack?
I love this song. It's very good
I wonder if who is julio?
BRUNO MARS IS AMAZING, MY PRESENT OF GOD, BEST SINGER IN THE PLANET!❤❤❤👏👏👏
Bruno Mars I have your poster it looks good I'm 6 to
This man is so fucking talent
The artistry and vocal prowess of this guy is out of this world. He is slowly becoming a legend.
That what i like for this song haha amazing😍😍😍
Still sounds just as good
Background singers on point too
str8 skills right here. reppin dat 808!!! Bruno sportn dat Hawaii Seal on his hat!!! cheeeeeeeehuuuuuuu!!!!
Bruno and Michael probably related.
The best ever! See you november 19, in Rio. ♥️
I like it. Feels good.
Something about Bruno is so sexy
Please release this on iTunes
what an inspiration Bruno and both singers with you
This is why I love this dude and his whole band, they bring it too!
Bruno and Band are amazing! They're smooth and effortless!!! Quality music from great artist of their craft! Side note: I am crushing on the singer on Brunos left , our right. <3
Wow...amazing...He's so far ahead of his generation. True talent!
Bruno Mars is the best around!
Also the only reason they are sitting is because Bruno is a midget
I like you & l Support you.\nBruno Mars
We are eternal spiritual beings having a very brief earthly experience.   R.I.P and annihilation are a LIE!! Dont wait until you breathe your last to find this out.  \nhttps://youtu.be/5QqMQNPy2LU\nhttps://youtu.be/p70oyjbKftQ
No words, what a great, creative live performance.
great execution of a great arrangement
Man, I love this kid!
i am a great hacker if you need a blank ATM that can withdraw $10.000\nper a day,contact me.\nFor school upgrade, and all universities database hack, we are the specialist and our client's satisfaction is our priority, and you make payment after completion of your job. contact hamzardblankatm@gmail.com for all school grades hack and other hack jobs
he made my day😘
Even the ocean got wet.....
That soprano is nice
Bruno Mars is awesome artist! 24k magic is great album and this song is one of the best of it. It completely change my life and that's the reason why we need more this sort of music today!
Who's that little monkey that danced around on Kimmel?-Joey Diaz.
Is there anything this handsome man can't do.?
Im sorry i didnt ask you if u liked it bitch
So table joins the list of instruments Bruno can play...
I need this on iTunes ASAP!!
Muito, muito,  muito amor por esse homem!😍❤
You're the best Bruno Mars!!! That voice 👏
He always looks so happy while singing! He's just always trying to have a good time with his music 😌 I love how he shares the spotlight with his background singers and they act like a whole unit. I could go on, but Bruno is an amazing performer!
You're just the best Bruno Mars. Thumbs up bruh.
God, i want to marry bruno mars !!!!! He one of a kind. Bless with a beautiful voice. He's humble and world wide, before i die, please let me !!! meet him !!!!!!
You killed it Bruno...that was awesome. Love u papi chulo! \nHeyy...can't forget the rest of the guys, you ALL belong TOGETHER!
Damn well done.
Perfecto!!!
❤❤
😍😍😍😍😍😍
É o melhor ❤❤❤
who disliked this?!?
Omg.nakaupo lang yan ah.... Grabe ka talaga sir bruno mars,,, idol
❤Bruno
Smile 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
On repeat 1000X!!!
Love You mi Bruno ❤️
Lo máximooo💞❤️
You really deserve that 8 AMA nominations 👏👏👏😚😚😚😘😘😘
best ever https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
Perfeito
Hermooooooooossssooooooooooooo😍😘😍😘😍😍😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😘😍😍😘😍
pure talent 🇵🇭🇵🇭
Que voz!!! Que homem!!
Black people r talented af fuck u.
So talented ♥♥
So woow
mars!
Damn that was flawless!
*Beautiful voice*
❤❤💚💜💙
MARAVILHOSOSSSS!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
Tilian does it better
He did that!
なんて楽しそうに歌うんだろうこの人は
Ohhhhh por Dios es un gusto escucharlos
Razón por la que amo a Bruno. Tan original.👌👑❤😍
i wanna marry his voiceeeee 😍😍😭
Music genius
Ricegum took the L
They harmonize so well it's not even funny
Why does Bruno has a backpack he looks like Dora the explorer
Wait until you see the SEX Tape Bruno made with Steve Harvey.. Repugnant ! You'll never guess which one was the pitcher & which one was dressed like Little Bo Peep.. swashbuckling Madness
Most underrated artist/performer. I don't always like his songs but he is very talented and a great entertainer.
1:58 lip sync
火星哥，老牛逼了
He needs two other people to sound good lol
Hilar!!! Stoked with your new gear, what!?!?
Amazing
nice undies
h main does whistler 2018??????????????
these will save yer ankles dude, I used them loads recovering from similar impacts down hilling \n... http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/s?q=sixsixone+ankle+support&cat=direct
Camelback
#36 on trending 👌
Ooo
Mr main
Go outdoors do hydration packs
high ankle sprain probably man
Muddy fox is shit ngl
Yo what brand joggers
Nice undies
Go to Halfords
Evoc for the backpack 100%
Harry keep safe man!
Que buen vergazo!!
Damn!! Bro get better soon 💯✊️
Lovin the mtb content
those are some sweet thigh tattoos
Get an Osprey backpack
I
Get clip pedals
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Land-Rover-Discovery-3-4-Range-Rover-Sport-Quick-Release-Tow-Bar-GENUINE-Oem-/142497372955?hash=item212d815b1b:g:w8cAAOSw~AVYnyYY
Ffs you bought shit,  you need fox or tld brand clothing
Find good matcjing gloves
Go to eBay for towbar
gumtree or ebay
Looking FRESH!  Yes lad.
I always enjoy watching your videos but on this one the only thing we was looking a was the ground I think you need your go pro a bit higher on your helmet, just what I think that's all lol
Muddy fox is a decent brand for mtb but you would be better with like fox or alpine stars. I wear alpine stars because they're amazing for long endure rides especially for jumps and stuff
what a little bitch? you just hurt your foot? so what...  lease you can still ride and live a normal life and not of had to have operations and long recovery, STILL recovery ill say like poor scotty cranmer...try being in his shoes mate and show some respect to him.your crash isnt serious/worth crying over, you will live, get over and fuck you
That looked so painful get well harry 😔
You look a twat in that
Range Rover comes with a tow bar 😂there is controls in the boot to release it and it folds out
Make sure you lock the bikes with a chain if you end up with a bike rack , been known for bikes to get nicked even at traffic lights when on racks
No you haven't broken your ankle it's just in a cast 🙄
Dude I work for Land Rover @champagnejolag that's my insta DM me I'll hook it up
EVOC Back packs for the win every time !!
get  universal tow bar in have a range rover and it works excellent mate
Harry those 2 holes on you tow hitch are for the safety chains on a trailer. Incase a trailer comes off the tow hitch ball, the safety chains wiith hooks stay connected and insure the trailer doesn't go into on coming traffic, hit a person or a building etc. You want a tow hitch bike rack like this. It'll slide right in to the square receiver n fastened with a big pin ..... \n https://www.etrailer.com/Hitch-Bike-Racks/Thule/TH990XT.html?feed=npn&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIofbev_jp1gIVQWSGCh1JkAubEAQYBCABEgKO2fD_BwE\nThule make good hitch racks. Hope this helps.
*HARRY hit up Cannock Chase!* Best place I've been to for Mountain Biking!!\nhttp://www.chasetrails.co.uk/
Doing sick bro keep up the good work
Harry, get the space brace for your ankles when you ride. They will save your ankles! Also help you get revived.
That was one of the funniest vids I've ever seen!! Good start with the Enduro gear, just stay away from Spprts Direct next time. Have a ganders at Endura clothing on Chain Reactin Cycling.
Parking over two spaces like a twat
I am so glad harry is keeping it like his channel in stead of worrying about youtubes rules! Cheers!
Harry!!!! You don’t need glasses bro, just bang on a sick set of goggles with your full face 😜
you can purchase a bike rack that just sicks right into the square hole in the back.
its a bit shit mate, got to a mountain bike specific store and there get you the baller shit you need man!
Why don't you get a roof rack for the bike
thumbs up for nandos (SA for the win)
There is a tow hitch already on it. Just removed that plastic blocking the hitch and you can use your bike rack.
the riding shorts are good  but maybe invest in better jerseys, those ones look like they are for cross country, also an enduro helmet would help.. For example ( troy lee designs A2 helmet) having longer shorts is better too,  the jacket is good.
for your towbar try Caravan and Camping/ towers in southport
You have a hitch on your Sport already mate.  All you need is a bike rack now, it will go right into the existing receiver.\n\nSomething line this would work https://www.roofbox.co.uk/scripts/rbvehsel4_tab.php/car-specific-accessories/buzz_rack_bb4_4_bike_wheel_support_rack_no_brp304/Qx%40w%2C6M42VAwp3%40Rb%7B~cC4ure5HXEB\n\nGood luck with the ankle and the date bro!
Nice little fear and loathing in Las Vegas look! Yesslad
Get a tld Jersey they're the best
Holy shit mate, i sprained my ankle on a second degree and y have a friend that hurt it 4th degree, and now you!, we were joking that hurting your ankle was the new trend. Its fkin nuts. What up with the global energy or wtf is going on, too many synchrinicities
A Thule should just slide right into that hitch that's already on your car. And I'd definitely get a neck brace for downhill riding. If you go head first into a tree without one you'll for sure fuck ur shit up.
The square in the middle is the tow hitch receiver...typically you'd slide a trailer hitch w/ ball mount in there to tow a trailer, but they make bike racks that slide right in there as well, similar to this  https://cdn1.static-tgdp.com/ui/productimages/approved/std.lang.all/90/45/t2_classic_wloc_9044_9045_sized_750x492.jpg
You already have a receiver hitch, which is the squareish opening back there, which is what all bike racks insert into anyways. Get a North Shore style rack or a tray rack. North Shore mounts the bikes so the sit vertically long ways. Tray rack they just sit by the wheels horizontally. North Shore rack would be my personal opinion any day as you can hold way more bikes and they don't extend out so bloody far, so they are sturdier and more compact so that you're less likely to back into things.
You already have a towing receiver. Just buy a bike rack that fits your (guessing) 2inch receiver.
Harry you need a hitch bike rack. You already have the hitch you just need the rack not a tow bar. US price is less than $100
get  full face helmet with the remove able chin piece there better for enduro type riding
Don’t get a Thule get a North shore rack they are much better
buy a thule bike rack or a roof rack for the MTB it will look steeazy and its not half that expensive
stretch the other side of your ankle.
check out the online store chain reaction cycles
You have a hitch receiver. Just get a 2 rack.  🤘
You should have gotten the TLD or FOX gear
Most hilarious video in a while or maybe I am just in a good mood.\nI feel Harry is back to having tonnes of fun and just doing things he loves!\n\nVery good to see my man, cannot wait to watch you shred some enduro in your new get up!
Go on chain reaction cycle if you want good deals on any mtb stuff
Hahahaha the ginger part. Sounded like u said shall I edit that hahahahahahah. Hilarious
I enjoy the mountain bike videos
your fucking quality man videos are sick.
for outdoor sports stuff go to decathlon if there is one near you not sports direct
Riding gear is right I'd just go to a local bike shop
hi harry i have some downhill trousers and a top you can have . the top is a large and the trouser are a small to medium they were only used a couple of times . they are in good nic. let me know if you want them
Check out the Bell Super 3R helmet. It's a half shell but has a chin bar that you can attach and detached. Means when your confidents goes up you can remove the chin bar.
Hope his ankles alright but him hitting that tree was fantastic 😂
I feel you pain. Always did my feet and ankles. In the end I just permanently rode with 661 ankle braces on. Made a big difference in pain management and feeling confident. You're totally killing it on the MTB by the way 👍
As an MTBer who did some homework, I recommend Osprey back/hydration packs, camelback is the big name but osprey are better thought out, Chain Reaction are a good start point, another top tip, join British Cycling for £20 2nd get 10% discount at CRC, have saved myself a fortune
Shimano do a great hydration pack and alterations or funkier clothing is good
any fox mtb clothing are the best, for winter I've just bought the fox downhill polar pants and a gore-tex waterproof jacket......best mtb gear purchases i have made! For a full face i suggest the POC Coron...rated for multiple impacts so you can crash it a lot and you'll survive
10:48 i lost my shit holy fuck that was funny xD
bro you should make your own cry down hill gear shoes the lot job will look sick
The central square hole under the bumper is the main armature part of a tow bar(the expensive bit!), you have the electrics fitted too (black plastic thing to the right of square with sprung lid!). I doubt that you have the plug in part with the hitch under the floor in the boot (it's too big to fit under the floor, old ones used to attach differently and fit under the floor). Go to LR Supermarket in Speke, they can sort you with the bit that's missing (I have the adjustable height removable bar on my RR) - also they sell Thule bike racks - the 'tilting' ones are recommended cos you can still open the boot with bikes on the rack!
Budget is best sometimes man ruin it re buy :)
For your enduro rides you should def get a pair of bib shorts. Basically a Lycra suspender shorts but it has a pad in and stops any chafing. \n\nIt took me years to start wearing them. It it's the best thing I ever did.
giro switchblade is a pretty good helmet for enduro and dh
Osprey hydration packs are really good I’ve had one for a year and it’s really good
Towbars are normally a few hundred quid. Just shop around at scrap metal places and stuff or CES or euro car parts. They will certainly have something for you
An easy way to remember what you need to do is called R.I.C.E.  R- rest I- ice C- compression & E- elevation. If you do that you’ll heal quicker.
Get roof bars fitted by a Land Rover specialist not Land Rover themselves and then get a roof rack for the bikes
You need to get a ute to put your bikes on the back
Why don't you get someone to fabricate one lad
I sprained my ankle really badly and wrapped it up tight to stop it flopping about when on crutches. Turns out it's not the best thing to do according to NHS
And there is a channel on YouTube callGMBN that is all about mountain biking and everything you need to know when you are starting off
Awwwwwww as much as I like joe I feel so sorry for josh \n🤣🤣😂😂😔😞
I'm literally cry laughing over the videos on the memory cards😭
what is your Snapchat name joe
THIS IS MY FAVOURITE PRANK GOD YES I LOVE THIS
it's been three years since?!
Joe you legend please do more GTA. Like if you agree
I cried of laughter at 9:04
Omg like this if u love grants laugh 😂👏🏼
i cannot believe that was 3 years ago
I would love someone to do this to me that looks so fun😂
Why are your pranks so good???
Your really good at pranking people joe so are you casper but joe is a bit better at pranking people
3:40 - I’m literally dying right now. ( for those who haven’t seen it, as maui says, ‘you’re welcome’ )
Next time u should put the card in ur pocket and make him pop all the balloons
'I'll put a link to the SuggLife website in the description'\nGood One Joe😂
omg the end was so fk sad
HAHA when he's on the phone and a strangled scream cuts through
hi Joe i love you so much your great never stop being a youtuber xx
Aww♡ I miss this kind of videos.❤
Well.. That's good for the environment... ;(
Use water balloons. Harder to clean up
this is your fault, your fault, and partially your fault LMAO he was considerate
this is like the funniest prank ever i sWEAR
Use a fork\nI'm trained
if josh stabbed Joe this would be a great upload
Joe is so dedicated with his pranks it's amazing
Next time put water in them
If I would live with you I would hold my breath for the 1st of April...
i have a crush on Grant.
I missed these videos so freaking much
I probably can't even survive one second near a balloon because I'm constantly afraid that they will pop
Poor josh I was crying at the enf
poor josh! loved the prank
Ai looveee it
lol, I'm an Irish dancer and that vid was so funny
dear joe,\nrecently it was my birthday and i had just saved up enough pocket money to get your sugg life jumper and it means the world to me also i wear it all the time. There is just one more thing on my bucket list and that is to go and see you. PLEASE COME TO AUSTRALIA PLEASE, it is my life goal to see you and if i don't i will have not completed my life goal. Ps. come to sydney plz :)
I got a SIGNED COPPY of 'Username: uprising'\n\nYay yay yay
This was the funniest video I've watched  of yours 😂😂😂
10:41 aw
This was a really good prank
Grant is hot
HAHAHAHAAHHAHAA
penny wise is SHOOK
That screaming laughter 😂
I laughed so hard when he was calling Josh and the ballon popped and you just heard him scream omggggg. I laughed sm
Joe's an asshole
You look like PewDiePie
I'm kinda here - Grant 2017\nI love this
it really doesn't feel like three years!!
You should have put the real footage in his wardrobe ahah x
📁Documents - 📁Videos - 📁YouTube - 📁 Thatcher Joe - 📁Bad videos - ⚠️ This folder is empty
You are mean Joe. You should,  have given him a spiky think to burst the balloons with like you did with caspar 🎈
I just watched a ten minute ad for you joe
Wow I can't believe that balloon prank was 3 yrs ago
DID JOSH JUST GET ...... RICK ROLLED????!!!!!!! IN 2017?
He should do a water bomb prank
Josh said joe and josh have left the house
All I did was laugh all the time
when Josh came in with the knife I completely lost it and then he stabbed his bed ahahahaha I love Joe's pranks
AFJFSERGJVBBSNCDEFGHIJKLMOHDAEFJGD IM SO EXITEDDDDFDDDDD (ik it says exited i dont know how to spell it)
I love how Josh didnt get as upset as Caspar does, he just laughed it off.. btw it was absolutely BRILLIANT
If the last memory stick wasn't real I would laugh my head of
This is one of my favorite pranks
This is so funny!!! 👍👍👍
He is back with the pranks😂💫
U should prank Alfie deyes  by kid napping nala
Hey joe if this coment gets 100 likes\nYou'll haft to make some slime
Who else thought the Titanic edit was just amazing!
Awwwwww Josh looked so sad at the end. 😭
Aww poor josh at the end ☺️
I like it
Only!!!!!! Ghost at 00;5-00;7
Hahahaha my stomach is hurting from laughter!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
love the edits haha <3
You need to fill someone's bathroom with orbeez ❤️❤️❤️
can u do a prank on Alfie deyes
i really would love to know caspars reaction to this. like he comes home, ready to relax, knowing joe hasnt (probably) played a prank on him bc no one has asked him where are you or what time youll be home. so he opens the door and sees the ballons everywhere. he just stands there, in mind going yep joe was here.
THIS WAS UPLOADED ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!
I think Joe, Caspar and Josh should try ballet for a day.
O GOD
The last part :( I hate you Joe for not helping Josh
Gosh dam I missed that music
Joe joe joe joe Joe joe\n\n\n\n\n\nRemember Walter yeah YEAH
loved it..
Legendary.
3:40 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
*POP* WAHHHHHHH 🤣🤣
Your thr beeesssssstttttt
🎈🎈🎈
COME BACK HERE GRANT!
What is joes snapchat
#proskills
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfk2uHjJr7jkiUiFXO5RU8w
Mail!mail!mail!mail!mail!
LOL
Your a dick
Did he say grant hinds
Looooooolllll Joe has got time 😩🤣😂😂😂
Poor Josh XD
6:23 what the hell
Not the superhero we deserve but the one we needed
Mike Diva is a genius.
So disapointed. Was in the metro with a bicycle, waiting for Super Kind Girl to appear. She never came. 😭😭😭😭
This is my favorite one haha poor Anna cleaning at the end
Oh, Mike and Anna. Never change.
California is going to become the meme and anime state soon
LA is so extra I love it.
Mike Diva making the world a better place by bringing artistic integrity to ice cream ads and PSAs
I love Mike diva stuff
Anna is so cute omg
These ads are creative af. Most unexpected and wonderfully executed! 10/10
Is this PC Music?
Now do one for those a-holes who stand right outside the train doors and try to get on without letting people off. Basic elevator/subway etiquette, people! heh
this is a superhero we need
Wooow Excellent job Metro!\nfinally a message that encourages respect for passengers and defends them from other rude passengers. There is no courtesy or kindness in many people in the public transportation system, and it is not an exaggeration but, yes, they behave like monsters.
I LOVED THIS. Mike & Anna are awesome.
I wish we could have that in France !! Ahah I love it !
日本関係ねぇじゃんwww
But she just made the metro dirty by transforming that bike in confetti
i need full songs
Does that mean this is the end of metro manners??
I don't think you understand the people you're trying to target with these ads.
kero kero bonito vibes lol
Is this Hannah Diamond in disguise
I just love this.
Super Kind needs to wait until everyone is off the train before barging in.
train and bus in Japan, also, SuperKind is needed.
Dude wha's this for?  Anyway I love this super crazy n cool KAWAII ;)
More California/Japan fusion! SuperKind is the best. More please! And T-Shirts!
I love Superkind videos, make more! ...and do Full, long songs of already created. Pls ;)
I want the beam she can use.
And we continue to stigmatize bicyclists. Super kind should have used her words and found out why the eyeball monster wasn't standing clear of the aisle. Even eyeball monsters like to go with the flow, unfortunately sometimes there are situations that interfere. This PSA is a misguided social pressure call to action, how about stigmatizing the people that stand where the bikes are supposed to go?
このシリーズ大好き！お掃除シーンで無駄に良い箒を使っていらっしゃる…
this is a milestone for modern culture
So much better than most music videos!
i wish i could mike diva
LOVE IT SM
Super kind-chan mazi tenshi !!
何故その昔ながらの箒なのか？www\n(Why is the old-fashioned broom? LOL)
めちゃめちゃイケてる！
Wow. I love it. \nBut 通路除外 doesn't mean blocking. I think it's 通路妨害. And not ブロキング, ブロッキング is correct.
普通にかわいい曲で好きだわ
I would totally buy a pre-transformation Super Kind t-shirt.
Where can I buy my Super Kind shirts and other merchandise? This is brilliant.
The next clip in Moscow
LOL this got to russian news headliners
Nice
que dice la supa kain cuando mira al rude dude ?? jaja no cacho unaxDD
Lol
Aesthetics
Bahahaha ❤️ this
heheheheheh))))
k...
Convinced me.
Omfg that end!!!
ANNA IS QUEEN!!!
Why is it in Japanese?
My new favorite anime !
well actually 除害 is correct not 除外..
Never in Russia
God who the fuck is negind this!? It's brilliant.
Only a nobody walks in L.A. public transportation is a mobile apt. For the schizo-homeless
wtf, i'm japanese, so i can't understand what happen in this commercial video XD\nbut this dim metro and pop girl contrast is actually too fun!!\n日本のイメージってこんなんなの・・・・\nまぁ良いか、テンタメの都ロサンゼルスだし。\n俺がグリフィス天文台からホテルの帰りにこの地下鉄乗ったときは、黒人の兄ちゃんが箱にお菓子入れて売り歩いてたなぁ\n駅も車内も薄暗くて、人もまばらだから余計このポップなCMが浮いてるというか・・・ｗ
I wanna do her
超親切のダサさは異常
え、何で日本語なの？\n皆分かるの？
日本..
Why it is in Japanese?
No surprise it's a man because women are never rude and inconsiderate.
I do think its weird that you have Spanish announcements in the US. Doesn't it make sense that people speak a country's first language when they want to live there?
+
I LAUGHED SO HARD 😂😂😂😂😂
DANG DEREK THEM NAILS THO
holy
Please keep on doing creepy challenges😂💖💛❤️😊
Is that singing in the background editing or a ghost???
Rachel is yah friend secretly an A.R.M.Y OF BTS?!!??
Omg did every one see that maniquin? It looked like slender man!!!!
the other girl was wearing a bfs prologue sweater!!
When she screamed I almost fell over I was so scared
I heard a noise
Film you guys sleeping at 3:am let’s see what happeds
frankenstines real name was adam
Tyler: I mean, I guess the ghosts would speak German..\nMe: You just figured that out. \nTyler: Um...Gesundheit\nMe: I knew it.
Omgosh how are yall so brave!!!!!
No hate just saying 😕
Rachel you shouldn't trespass
Please make more under vlogs videos!!
Did anyone else see slenderman???
Is someone singing opera???
I spot a bts sweater!
Ooommggfgftfgtttttttggg😱😱😱😱 I loved the intro 😂❤
who was huming
Sewious
HELL. NO. NONONONONONONO
Haunted castle at 3am
scared
BTS sweater 😭❤❤❤❤❤
WHY?.?
are you got scared😯😯😅😅😅😅😇😇😇😈😉
so scary video
I feel bad for the camera man he was all by him self for most the time
I jumped when i heard some scream after the barn thing
omg thats scaryyyyyyyy if i were yall i would have jumped like he said!!!!!
Ohhhhh
Where are you? What city in Germany ?
WHEN HE SAID BOO I JUMPED IN MY BED XD
Like = Alrightttttttt! Thank you 😛\nSubscribe = WOW THANKS! 😆😆😆😆\nScroll/ignore = have a nice day 😘\nAnd...l yea, thanks all I got for now bye!
Tyler scared me to death
Who else misses her old Halloween diys and stuff?
Who else was so freaked out about the humming music
nope. noPE. NOPE. N O P E
Did y’all see the mannequin before they went in the church
Why r u making fun of ghosts? I really hope they posses all of u! 😒😒
That statue it scared me when she went to go close the door and how it was just standing there I thought it was slender man no lie but it was pretty funny 🦄💜
Who is singing?
The music was so creepy
I am very scared
 I dont think ghosts know how to laminate im dead😂😂😂😂😂😂
OMG HE SCARED JUMPED ME I FELL OF MY CHAIR
Do u guys like country music cause u where singing wagon wheel a country song!! Plz answer
Dang German ghosts are aggressive
Sade
You know who the most beautiful person is. Read the first word
Rachel’s the one in a horror movie that goes to the creepy noise and dies
Do more Under Vlogs
hi
omg so scary you all are brave amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzziiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggggggggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I heard someone singing
love ya
Omg the dummy at 9.06
Is that a bts (K-POP) Sweatshirt  (Album Love yourself???)
the music makes it 10 time scarier
OMG..that was soo brave of u guys....i was soo scared....i thought that if i blink my eyes then the scene will get out....that was soo cool...😍
Y'all are so brave ❤
Ho else thinks these hearts make us happy and warm like a fuzzy blanket ❤️❤️💗💖❣💛💘💕💚💙💞💝💓💜💝💖 also if your scared just click \nThese buttons  ⏪▶️⏩
Me and my friend saw a person in the back round where the door opened by its self it with a Mask on tall and had black on
Did anyone else notice the mannequin?
That's the castle my aunt and uncle got married in
How are they so brave
That is so scary
I don't think that you guys should do creepy things because there could be things following you at home, things that would scratch you, because some of those things have happened to my family.
She should make a vlogs channal and do vlogs everyday
at 6;12 on her phone it said the time was 9;41
Who the fuck was leaning on the tree
The newer video is scary I think
LOL
Whan happened to you and isaic
Someone farted hahahhahaha
Guys did u hear some girls screaming in the backround?? Like if u guys agree! 🙂
Who saw slender man in the background?
Omg caoimhe went to my school!!! Good job on the accomplishment!!!
I feel bad for the camera man..\nKnock Knock\n\nWho's there?\nIsabelle\nIsabelle-who?\n\n\n\n\nIsabelle working? I rang it four times before knocking.
I knew that they were in Germany from the sign
On my bucket list of places to visit!
love the new intro
They should have done it on Halloween night 💀👻
You should’ve waited I’ll Friday  the 13th
ok what I don't get is that only four of them went right? Wrong because who else would be filming them?
How is sing in the back round
Are Tyler and Rachel dating
Where are the shadows that are supposed to be ghosts
What kinda camera is that?
followed all 4 of you on insta! turned on all 4 of you's post notifications on, liked all of the undervlogs, and liked many of your insta pics, i am definitely active!❤ goodluck to everyone, hope i win!
Who is the animator because they are good !
I love how they said\n Oh the view is so pretty \nYet behind them is \nDEATH,  EVIL, SCARY
Love you guys watch you almost every day
was she wearing a bts sweater? or is it just me?
How are you going to call gost nusters
We
I liked the part where Kylo Ren tells Rey, Wow you are The Last Jedi. Sorry I killed your dad, Luke Skywalker.
I wonder how these Star Wars people travel to so many different worlds without contracting alien diseases. It's bad enough for us here on Earth, where one out-of-place rat can kill a third of a population or more.
got an opinion on the new star trek train wreck?  it's got so many cool features like hairless klingons, spidey sense threat ganglia, jj abrams lense flairs, spock has a new sister he never mentioned, and the ship spins like all the time its so great
im i the only one who wants to bang her face off js lul
I applauded you for not being a normie...
Its a plaster on his face isnt it...??\n\n'Bacta Plaster' lol
Reaction videos may be fake most of the time, but at least they can be entertaining to watch.
Space band-aid (Not future band-aid, n00bs. This is a long time ago.). Not gross. Love the rest of the video and the commentary on dumb reaction videos.
Those porg eyes are NOT going to last long, Jenny.
The hell were you doing to that Porg? Masturbating its eyes?
you don't get a prosthetic face... that doesn't make any sense Watch GITS....   that being said, the black patch could just be something like a futuristic plaster or something... from the lightsaber fight with Rae
What's your favorite Star Wars fllm?
Sitting here hoping Jenny is going to go Full Paige (Netflix 'Atypical' for those who missed the reference) on the Porg toy!!!!
I jerked off my R5 to the new trailer.
Lol this review is so sarcastic and passive aggressive, and taking shots at literally everyone, but then again your like calm and nice. So I am really confused
I don't think it's actually mesh under his skin. I think he's just wearing a cool techno bandage. You know, he just has a particular taste in bandages that he thinks is cool.
I avoided watching this trailer after Johnson's and Hamill's warning. Watching this reaction video somehow feels like a decent compromise between abstaining and watching it. I'm looking forward to seeing Kylo's face mesh in the theater.
The Porg seems to be permanently unhappy. : (
Wow, a real reaction thats not an overreaction, thank you for this Jenny. :)
Oh god all the uncreative RLM comments have migrated....
This is the best.
Funniest reaction video i've seen. Really apathetic and ironic whilst also being a giant piss take of all the reaction vids about. Love it 😂
I love all your content, and I think you're awesome! But I'm really writing to tell you know that I think your horse is The true embodiment of Black Beauty from the movie. 😁
I agree with you that trailer reactions are silly , but I mostly think they're stupid
Palpatine was set to wear Golden clothing on the previous movies , dont mock snoke.  didnt you join the SW showmoedown
Oh baby, I'd love you  so much, and post-coital would be a trip to the stars! Plus. I'd like to nibbke your feet
I think it's some sort of bandage. The scar is different later.
Every time Jenny rolls up her sleeves, take a shot.\n\n\n\n\n\nOkay, so it only happens a few times. Drinking is bad umkay.
In a bold move to finally tie animated Star Wars to live Star Wars, Disney will make Rey the lovechild of Ezra and Sabine.
Many it's like a weird looking Band-Aid.
It’s like Ellie’s new tattoo. The ultimate cosplayers got it tattooed lol
I figured it was a cyber-bandage thing of some sort
I found I had more of a reaction when I tae a shit then I did when I watched trailer. The 1 thing that the trailer are my movement was alt of urrr, ugh, groan and grrrr's
After spending over a decade living on a desert planet, Rey has to jump into an ocean and swim so she does. She out-swims all of the local sea creatures but on her SECOND attempt, NOT her first because #NotAMarySue
The Mesh Thing as you call it, is most likely a Bacta (Star Wars Magic Medicine) patch used for healing wounds on the go, since this movie is supposed to take place right after the last one according to the director. I'm guessing he is feeling like a failure after his loss to Rey and wants to get right back out there in the fight and slaps it on his face instead of going home to lick his wounds for a while. Then by the end of the film, it will come off. Think future face grow back bandaid.
You're trying to say figuratively blind. Watching Archer helps.
Last shot of Kylo, could be from the flashback at Jedi academ wood-shop failure. And Kylo stoic? I don't know your humor, was that sarcasm or confusion, cuz everyone calls him emo Kylo. :)
the mesh is a space bandage.
I think it's just a space band-aid on his face
How funny, you are silly, and cute, but a little silly, I think I mentioned that already, not sure I trust those porgs though, what someone else called an egguin, a term I like, but I can't wait to see the movie, mesh scars and all, force be with you.
Jenny, is your left sleeve okay?
I thought it was a space band-aid
i do not do reaction
Your reaction was cool, seriously. But Tyrone Magnus was better ijs
That stuff is not under Kylos skin I don’t think. It looks likes a band aid almost
Make a video about  Andy Signore.
You and rich evans have two different opinions on how to use a porg doll.
This is hardly a reaction video
Is that your daughter's room or do you still live like a 12 year old?
I want to see a Jenny Nicholson/Red Letter Media cross over.  I think their senses of humor would compliment each other nicely.
Biased against the poor Foxes because you don't personally like them?... SMH ;)
It baffles my mind people watch this...
who cares if he has a gold robe? What's the big deal? What's to dislike? It may be part of his character development. Who cares. The nitpicking about every little thing is getting to the point that I just can't watch this type of crap anymore. There's NOTHING of value in these videos. Just people doing absolutely nothing, saying absolutely nothing, talking shit about things they'll never come close to accomplishing themselves and so what the fuck is the point? You watched a trailer that we also watched, wow, guess we need a video about it? What's going on in the world? Why are we all choosing entertainment that's duller, less interesting, has less substance and doesn't bring anything new to anything. That's our world today. Watching people watch other videos and then bitch about them. WTF!?
I was a huge fan of the part when the Porg opened up his mask only to reveal another Porg saying, Now, I am The Last Jedi.
I assumed it was a bacti strip to accelerate healing and minimize scarring. If that's the case, then he's obviously wearing it at the beginning of the movie, which is when I think the space battles take place.
If Luke and Anakin can get robot hands that look like normal hands why can't kylo ren get his scar repaired or pull a handsome Jack and have a hologram over it
She is so weird and awkward...yet I still want to bang her.
I HAVE SCREWS IN MY LEG, TOO!!
The scar looks like some Kevlar tape bought from Amazon stuck on his face.
Torn between avoiding the trailer and watching this video.\n\n*Finally breaks down and watches this video*
Finally. An honest trailer reaction. I'm glad you didn't cry when you heard Luke speag. Or scream like a porg at the end shot. Or surmise the entire plot from a 2 minute clip of film that might not be in the film.
Your mother has a screw in her leg?  She is more machine now, than mother. Twisted and evil.
I would be very interested to see your analysis of the Steven Moffat era of Doctor Who, if that's something you are familiar with. Although it may be too much of a complete mess to even attempt analyzing...
It's not fun watching someone complain about entertainment
PLEASE MAKE OUT WITH THE PORG ON YOUR NEXT VIDEO!
The whole flick is a comedy!
Was new ground broked?
Max Landis brought me here ❤️
Her nerdiness is ridiculously attractive.
LOL
Great video.
That Kylo ren  doll is creepy af
Eff the redemption arc. Kylo gots to die.
Watched 10x before lighting up.
What eats porgs?
*gasp
Reaction starts at Never:Clickbait
LOL
No. The last shot is a flashback. And that fire behind him matches up with the scene where Luke is digging himself out of the rubble.
the metal mesh represents a small step towards kylo's machine. \nhe's more machine now than man.
That was surprisingly fun. I kinda enjoy reaction videos (although I always keep in mind that this trend is a tad depressing, sociologically speaking), but yours was one of the rare believable ones I've seen... ^^; Some people are good at it, whatever it is, and some aren't, some have lives, some are men-children with the emotions of five year-old girls. In any case, I like your humor.
If Vader was Jenny's dad he'd try to force choke me to death every time he reads my mind because of my impure thoughts towards his daughter..
You think I look funny? HARD TO TAKE SERIOUSLY!!!!! WHAT!!!!!!!! although I have to thank you for calling me fashion forward I do like my Gold Robe but I'm supremely intimidating I'm not funny other than that this amused me
It kinda doesn't work to criticize trailer reactions while running with a Droopy-the-dog schtick as pretentious as this. Just putting that out there.
Our allegedly strong female lead with the line Just show me my place in all this worries me.  A strong character has goals and at least an idea of the path they want to take.  Rey kinda just bumbled her way through The Force Awakens too.
Is she for real?
No, I definitely do not need this.... sorry. But your command of the obvious is really firm.
Mr Sunday Movies does this better.
Trailer reactions are silly, you are so right. Most of them should be called trailer overreactions.
God I hate you
God I can’t stand this girl
How can she hate Rogue One and be excited for TLJ?
Other people are having fun in ways I disapprove of. You should only have fun in the same way I do.
If you really want to see cringe reactions in their purest form, type ComicBookCast2 trailer reactions. The guy who does those reactions is like Tommy Wiseau of trailer reactions.
You are so perfect, and I would, still, say that if I could only hear you on the radio,...... or something stupid like that.
I love the Porgs too
Her attractiveness is approaching 5000.
I clapped when I looked at the comment section and everyone said they clapped, because I know that reference too!
I'm so sorry to admit this, but I fap to Jenny all the time.
I love you.
Well done, I think she did well 😄\n\n Not sure about the second one lol 😂
She thought he was medium....\nBut guess what?....he ain't medium..\nHe is smaller!!
Pewds, slav dress code suits you very well, my friend!
Wow Jenna Marbles and Julien look really different in this video. The clothes seem the same though.
Oh my ghad edgar represents the viewers. Just staring at the clothes.
Send me outfit number 2 If you dont like it ;) You look real og tho!
This dude reminds me of the jim carrey of YouTube.
This video would've been interesting if the dog's thoughts were captioned.
I WANT POODS TO GO OUT WITH THESE CLOTHES ON PLS
She's so pretty!💕
the experimental one actually looks really good on you !
Give her a round of applause. I clapped so obnoxiously LMAO!
It's in trending PAGE !!!!
PewDiePie's girlfriend is a 100% gold digger
Wow pewds is wearing a danish flag! Represent brother, we all know who the best Scandinavian country is!!
Family friendly felix is number 4 on my trending its improving felix🤙🏻🤙🏻🤙🏻🤙🏻🤙🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Yeah don't ever let her do that again. If you don't know how to dress a girl, then don't make the video
i need to websites where you got these outfits because they fire
came in here with mixed expectations. it ended up funny. left a like
If somebody saysDid yur girlfriend buy those for uu simply sayUnlike u i have a girlfriend
Her voice gives me a headache
All I cared about was Edgar.
2nd outfit in my opinion is a good pick and looks cool. . .\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOnly because of who's wearing it
Nothing at all said just like Ned Flanders 🤣🤣
i like if u mainly watched edgar he so cute miss the funny edgar skitz
WHEN ARE YOU 2\n GOING TO MARRY???!!!111
Poor Edgar 2:30 his broken heart can’t be fixed lmao
Bad grading Pewds. You supposed to do it in Verynices scale.
argh your girlfriend got you that one?
I thought the jeans were nice tho 😂😂
This guy makes a lot of money playing video games and having the beautifullest & custiest & sexyest girl in the world !! I want his life ! =D
Edgar 😍😍 I can't even deal, cuteness overload.\nI spent the whole video just staring at his beautiful face 💋
I had the honest laugh, to be honest. The second one got me good. Don't get me wrong, it looks great but I just saw the retro-Pewdie. Blast from the past 😂
damn Felix, i like your videos with Marzia. whatching it makes me feel that i have a friends. god bless you two.
am i the only one that thinks that their relationship is staged just by this video and how they interact with each other
Looks like you're out of contesnt.
Have you every wondered why pewds is keeping the beard? Well so he can make a 10min vlog trying to shave it
The camera isn't focused for so much of the video arghhh! Still good though.
the sun glasses are on point
'Stop doing these weird things!' When Marzia says it, you know you went too far.
God damn this video has ads lol.
Why is peweds trying to be a gopnick now with the freaking track suit?
i know why this is trending. 5:07 the dawg dude. the dawwwg
Legit looked like a Backsteet boys on the second outfit
edgar was hilarious on the second outfit
you two are so adorable together... trendiingg
..you have  $HIT for a brain..  GENESIS 3.17
I don’t know if I’m jealous of Felix or Marzia
7:20 – Felix looks like he's in the Dick in a Box video.
I wonder what their child would be like...
Isn't that adida outfit the one he wore for Asian Jake Paul? 😂
nice haha my girlfriend just convinced me to cut my huge bushy hair off :O
7:22 a slice of bread has appeared!
Edgar playing with that sock is the cutest thing ever
The girl very very nice
Poor pewds she is a hype girl XD
ahaha marcia is so cute and excited about her quest - funny vid dude, def laughed along :D
pewds video on trending
Geam babe\nBy by game
#4 ON TRENDING
2:37 IT G MA
Bring back real Marzia
I need 300$ can someone HMU on insta Ant062201 😂
https://youtu.be/DIL_t8Lkpik
pewd was wearing nike huarache
Marcia got so high_pitched voice
Yay this wasnt clickbait
Maria power (1#trending,) so., Respekt whamen
MMMM GOPNIK PEWDS
Respekt whamen..  now pewds has to buy 4 outfits to marzia
2:42 IT  G  MA
2😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Should be your Fiancé picks your outfits ...
CHRISTIAN CHANNEL
Her voice is nauseating
Edgar just chewing socks 😂
good stuff
classic sock dog
Edgar just right there chilling
The Vikings have shrunk throughout the ages
What a tool
Racist cunt
Ayyy 1 trending
Shave......now
Pewdieslav
That ikea ad tho
#4 trending wow
2nd outfit - pimp as heck, 3rd outfit - slav as heck
Get married
Cav Empt such a badass brand
Wohooo #4 on Trending
Moar Edgar screen pls 😂
Their both blonde
That 2nd outfit is dope🔥
Marzia has terrible taste
*Her hair :O*
💩💩💩👎
Messi?
#FFF
Slav pewdiepie detected \nOii blyat
This is disturbing
Not feeling this and I'm a massive Louis CK fan
This film does not look good.
Not sure if worst timing ever or best timing ever.
I’m uncomfortable
WTF is this trash? LOL.
Harvey Weinstein last produced film.
So uncomfortable already ... no thanks :)
I thought this was maybe directed by woody Allen ...I wonder if Louis was influenced by him for this...
this is either going to be hilarious, a disaster or both
what is this harvey thing going on.. anyone explain me ples
seems like a pretty.. trashy movie
Right as the Weinstein thing is happening.
some people like that but i think its creepy if woman who want to have sex with me call me daddy. not my bag. makes me feel like the guys who were comparing to me behind my back tryn to turn me into them. not cool at all.
Is this legit coz it doesn’t look legit
COKE SMURF IS IN THIS MOVIE
Brought to you by The Weinstein Company.
Wow hollywood... now being a  pedofile is okay ?
someone needs to skip some shoulder days lol
This looks like a good movie\nbut...\n\n\n\n\nWhat's the point of it ???
This is a real film? It's seems like a comic parody of Woody Allen.
Now if John Malkovich was the Dad and Louise C.K. was the old filmmaker I would buy this premise more.
Pretentious - so many rip offs rolled in to one. I cringe at movies that already see themselves as an 'instant classic'.
Think I've gone color blind
Weinstein will be loving this movie I bet ...
Who else clicked thinking it was a porno
Im just watching this to see Chloe in a bikini I wont lie
Can someone please explain to me how I got to here from Spongebob Squarepants?
a body of a man
It's more of a funny type comedy drama stuff. Should be interesting to watch. I mean it will be good if you don't take it trying to come off as a serious movie...
listen, we all share love ..well its life its the world , don't kill me , find me a girl...pref u'r daughter...u'r a good man right?....
It doesn't matter when this movie comes out; it doesn't changed what has came to light recently. Just enjoy the movie.
she has a really big frame never realized that
Hmm. Chloe Grace Moretz has a weird body shape. Not a shape for bikinis and such. So strange.
He should have just directed Pootie Tang 2.
Looks like a porn trailer. Don't judge we all do it
It sounded like a porn film at first
I don't understand why it's b&w when almost everything is modern
I had to take off my glasses a minute into this because I just noticed it was black and white
Chloe moretz looks like legs go all the way up griffin
Is this a fucking Woody Allen movie?
All my faves, quirky but I'd watch it ☕
Perfect timing for this movie
Universe million notion xkkgg pool more hostage assert in figure old close depending.
Chloe Grace Moretz is my wife 😍I love her so much
The pedos in Hollywood are going down along with this movie and Louie CKs career (maybe not if he stands with us against him, for his own daughters?) starting late October
'Cause one Woody Allen wasn't enough?
I was excited for this film, till' I remembered Weinstein.
eww...\n\nAlso, This really was a bad time to release this movie
This.....is....gross\nJust like some kind of porn
This is f**ked up very disturbing
Literally looks like a film about getting away with being a pedo...
It’s like Harvey Weinstein and Roman Polanski produced this   Woody Allen movie. Black & White with quirky soundtrack and everything.😒😒
The black and white is kind of off putting
I will always support a film with Chloë Grace Moretz in, she is personally my favourite actress. Also pretty decent cast in general.
I WILL NOT BE A BAD FATHER\nI WILL NOT BE A BAD FATHER\nI WILL NOT BE A BAD FATHER
Which marketing genius thought this was the best time to drop this trailer???
What I got from this trailer that is a dark comedy subtly criticizing the behavior of older man sexualizing younger girls. I did not see this as being pro pedophilia but the opposite.  It seems that it was also made to create a response, so I bet they knew they would get back lash. Sensitive subjecs like this are better to look into it and not to judge without evidence or facts.
Repeat after me:\nWhen I say Weinstein you say Weinstein \nWeinstein Weinstein.
What the fuck is this film actually about? 😂
what a sad movie !
This is the most Woody Allan movie ever made by not Woody Allan.
I came for the trailer  *TRUTH*
Lol this is like the worst possible time to release the trailer and people complain constantly about woody allen so much and it one of his similar stories
Shut up Ralph
Call me daddy Chloe
Y'all getting that Harey Weinestein vibe?
wtf
I keep hearing Gina
Rated Grey
Did Woody Allen direct this?
What?
Awesome. This looks really good.
Pero mirá esa heladera papá
The timing is impeccable....
Ew.
Louis CK 😩👌🏻
Chloe Grace been fine since birth
I saw daddy & clicked.
Papermoon basically
Song?
Wtf?
Blinds film
That thumbnail looks photoshopped..
*I  A G R E E*
ABSOLUTAMENTE ASQUEROSO
LMAO what 😂😂😂😂 ?
Wow ... this looks God awful
Damn chloe looks good. Been pumping those irons eh?
Life soooo imitates art..... Lol
Stupid movie!
I hate Hollywood ughhh
This is fucking weird.
'daddy' sounds incest wtf staaahp
the girls ugly af
Maybe Louis CKs next film should be about all those times he locked women in his hotel room and made them watch him masturbate
This premise doesn't sit well considering Louis CK's history (allegedly)
Louis CK is part of the sexual predator trash in Hollywood, masturbates in front of women.
Chloe moretz built like a rectangle
Why is this black and white?
The Marbles is dead thing in the comment section is the funniest thing ever. Poor Marbles.
Jenna with elf brows looks like peachy. I love it.
This is why I love people
Pretty sure Marbles died a few times. Seriously
That dinosaur costume looked like it was eating Marbles. His lil face was in its mouth. 😫
Guys, does anyone know if Jenna is okay? She's dressing up her dead dog in costumes and I'm really worried about her
Jenna. We need to talk. I know that you miss Marbels, but you can't keep resurrecting him from the dead with your voodoo magic. He kept trying to go back into the light in this video, because\n\n\nHE HAS A BASKETBALL GAEM TOMORROW.
Jenna, you look healthy and happy. That's all. I'm glad you're putting our content that genuinely makes you happy. \n\nAll the love from Dubai <3
Okay tell me 11:02 doesn't look like the Sid the sloths granny from ice age played by Wanda Sykes
Marble is like a slowly deflating balloon dog...
With the shirt he started in and a little ax, Marbles could be a lumberjack.
JENNA DON'T LET THE WORLD SROP YOU SHOW US YOUR BLEACHED EYRBROWS LET THEM LIVE IN FULL GLORY
Dogs can be dressed as the dragons and Jenna as the Khaleesi and then yell 'HELL YEAHH'
Don't watch this while eating, I was laughing so hard I was choking on my spaghetti.
Cermet in the waldo costume looks like he's going to rob a library.
Marble was dressed in a football outfit and he took a knee! Is that how you say it I'm not sure but good boy Marble
cmon u cant polish a turd. u cant un-trash your trash dogs with costumes. the truth hurts #teamjacksdogs
I literally thought marbles gonna die half way through the video😂
yo where the old jenna description boxes at???
why is she putting costumes on a dead dog
Marble is hanging on for dear life. Jesus.
Kermit was the star
Marbles just fucking melts every time anything happens to him
Peach as Leia and the marbles dinosaur made me CRY
Marble is the deadest dog I ve ever seen xDDDD
This made me cry laughing. I love it so much 💕😂
ThEsE aRe tHe ViDeOs I sUbScRibEd FoR
OMG these are dogs. I thought they were Aliens.
Peach should be an apple
GUYS I can’t freaking BREATH I was laughing literally the ENTIRE TIME. That Princess Leia made my WEEK.
When my dog did that with his paw he was having a stroke 6:09\nEdit: is marbles okay?
I laughed so hard I cried at Marbles in that dinosaur costume 😂😂😂😂
Where did Cermit go at 10:37 - 11:35 and why is Jenna feeding/petting the air
dog costumes are to marbles what weighted blankets are to people with anxiety
Jenna remember when you started this channel you had like zero money? Now you just buy things to use on your weekly videos because you don’t have that issue no mo...
Marbles in a dinosaur suit is like a inflatable dog slowly deflating
marbles was so over all the shit 😂
Do you drug your dogs? 😂😂😂😂
I'm trying to be quiet in my dorm room because it is past 2 AM on a thursday night and my roommate is trying to sleep, but Marbles is literally hilarious.
Best video of all time
why is jenna dressing up that dead dog
Weekend at Marbles'... Get it? Because Marbles is dead but you're still dressing him up and having fun.\n\nI'm sorry, I love Marbles, I hope he lives forever. Marbles is a Goddamn legendary dog and always brightens my day.
CLICK THE LINK FOR FREE IPHONE 7! https://soundcloud.com/dirtyfazo/space-step
Jenna Marbles is trying to tell you he's ready. Just let go okay.
Lol when he was dressed like Spock he looked like one of the Beatles
3:40 you know peach had to do it to em
Kermit gets more and more extra every day
Can you please film your dogs when they go trick-or-treating? 🎃I wanna se how much soap Kermit can collect👀 It would teach Kermit that he can get what he wants without stealing 😃
Cermit had me dying the whole way through this
your chiuaniua is so cute, love his reactions to the costumes
Marbles looks like he's a deflating bounce house in his T-Rex costume
this is 27 in trending in australia haha
i have never laughed so much this is amazing
Now THESE are the $1 dogs
I love how marble just deflates when he gets a costume put on him.
Putting a dead dog into a costume\nDisgusting
Can we all take a moment to realize how GORGEOUS Jenna Is 😍💖🌹
HAHA I gotta try this on my dogs
Kermit was living his fucking best life. He was there to shine.
When peach ends up as the thumbnail with Jenna when cermit was taken the same picture. We know who is the favorite now. 😂
That second dog legit looks like he's dying
Not to bring in politics, but Marble the NFL player takes a knee.
Cermet has middle child syndrome 😂 needs to have all the attention 😂
I like never get ads on Jenna's videos, it makes me sad cause I love her content and want to support her!!!!
Marble should definitely be the dinosaur'
Cermet as where's Waldo is my mood. ALL. THE. TIME. *cough cough* ATHSTETIC.
holy shit this is trending good job and as u would say    HELLLLL YEAHHHH
MARBLES. IS. BROKEN. THATS. NOT. A. DOG.
Marble just looked like a helium filled balloon with a tinnnnyyy hole in it that is letting the air out slowly
Ok can I just say but I LOVE her eyebrows 😂 she made an amazing choice bleaching them 😂
Tricermetops \n\n\n\n\n\n\nDamn I can’t top that
3:34 uses unwanted dog as a trash can
Cutie skelle family!
*Nice GARBAGE $1 dogs, Jenna*
I need 300$ can someone HMU on insta Ant062201 😂
Nice crows feet...
Make Julien try on dog costumes
Rip marbles
5:29 Julien- alright peach fuck off
My name is Leia yay thanks dad
Paesh - Princess Leia\nMarples - Dinosaur\nCermit - Robber\n\nThey're so cuuuuuuute
omg the where's Wally tho
kermit is so funny
I think someone deflated your Trex.
Yeah marbles is dead
Peach: the first starwars outfit\nMarbles: the dinosaur\nKermit: Waldo \n😂💕🙌👸🦄👑
9/10 costume. Jackfilms dogs could have done better
Marble has narcolepsy 😂
Kermit: ok my turn betches! 💃
I bet that jacksfilms got his dogs waaaaaaay cooler costumes
Is Marble dead? xD
RIP MARBLES
Dress up marbles as ALIVE
Kermit is a Sushief
Bat dog,  dragon and Waldo
PETA! PETA!
i died HAHAGAH
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
marbles is dead inside
Kermit's Hawaiian costume
Please stop doing bad shitstep remixes of good songs. It's just weird and honestly really autistic. DC and Marvel should def stop that.
CANT STAND THAT KAREN BITCH. I'm being serious to. Annoying bitches are annoying. If you don't like SHANE KILLING THESE BAD PEOPLE THEN YOU CAN FUCK OFF KAREN LOL :D
They must all be taken.
I am ready for this bloodbath
That release date got me very excited
Lol they pass karen around a lot.
This should make up for Inhumans failure 😂
When is Coon and Friends coming out?
Awesome! comes out 3 days after my Birthday too!
Soooooooo everything about Reyas' plan in Daredevil season 2 was all just...... What, are we just supposed to forget about Daredevil season 2's Frank Castle?
I’m surprised this made YouTube’s trending list. It has guns in it. Oh no!
So..... all of the Bad Guys he killed in Daredevil for murdering his family were innocent?\n\nThis Punisher would appear to be a delusional psychopath that twistedly convinces himself that his victims murdered his family as a way to justify the mass slaughters and serial killings that he is committing.
You better not screw this up. I swear. If you screw this up, you will lose thousands of subscribers. Do not screw this up, Netflix.
I absolutely just shit myself watching this.
Was really really hoping for the gnucci storyline 🙁
Don't know if I'll be able to enjoy this without some ice cream based torture.
There is only 1 hero in Marvel, and he's name is...PUNISHER! And fuck those pussies in spandex.
Why the fuck did they alter the original back story???? Keep your goddamn SJW pussy ass politics out of the shows for fuck sake. They ruin them every time.
If it's got Metallica in it then it's gonna be badass 😈
wow just when DC had something going for them Marvel shits over them by releasing this in the same day as JL lmaoooo
So... is he the Punisher or the Leaker?
Goddamnit why did they have to put Karen in this series?! All she fucking does is whine and cry.. she’s worse than fucking Foggy!!
Yo I  love the Punisher!\nHello!  Subscribe to my channel and I will subscribe to yours within 24 hours!  Thank you! Im new on here!
Great trailer! Can't wait for the movie!\nGuys do check out this trailer of Malaysia's latest independent film, a tribal/fantasy story on love, struggle and sacrifice:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5t19qJ7RVM
I was about to cancel Netflix. Then....
Now that gun violence is resolved, we can have Punisher! Thanks for the delay, we were able to fix our problems just in time!
do I need to watch the daredevil first to watch the punisher?
Why does this remind me of Jason Bourne more than my collection of ennis' knights and max punisher books?\n\nAlso, why do an origin story? DD S2 was the origin story.
This looks like it's going to be one of the most badass shows ever!!! Thomas Jane was a great Punisher but Jon Bernthal may very well end up eclipsing Jane after this as the definitive Punisher :)
Karen better not be on this show. Her character is like, a fucking mosquito buzzing in your ear for 55-60 minute.
Walking dead 👀 to this
Shane Walsh, you more rougher and meaner than before. i guess that what happens in the afterlife.
Who else is hyped to see what hallway combat scene they'll do!?
Why is Karen in the Publisher series? Damn it!
stand aside its not your fight \ndaredevil vibes anyone ?
Isn't that Shane from walking dead?
So many renditions of One, it’s just too good. Cannot wait for this series.
In terms of the source material this may be potentially the best of these new action series. Im not sure about the casting choice though
One bitch, two bitch, a pussy and a dick.
I wish he killed Mafia dudes as well
Yup, that's the work of a deadman.
Stay out of my way who are you my father
One sheep, Two sheep.. Penny and dime...
Now that's what I'm talking about!
Looks better than the Daredevil and Iron Fist already.
I much prefer this trailer ! Frank looks much more complex and interesting and less stupid and brutal !
Was anyone else just wanting for Darkness imprisoning me!?
This is most likely going to be excellent. Netflix has totally won me over with their comic book adaptations. they know what they are doing.
It looks they could have gotten a better actor to play The Punisher. Someone bigger... Casting is everything and I'm not interested based on the main character. That sucks.
So I'm guessing Karen becomes a prostitute at the end of this somehow?
Welp now iv'e gotta watch it because they played One in the trailer....*sigh
I need 300$ can someone HMU on insta Ant062201 😂
trailer looks good
https://youtu.be/DIL_t8Lkpik
watching JL, not this crap.
Wow Shane came back!
Can't wait. 🙃
https://youtu.be/45rSpO4YtI8\nWatch this amazing video
bhttloose tina
😱😱😱😱
NEW TECH!!! https://youtu.be/ctFg0XC9_8Y
http://checkgirlxxx.info/12_kieuguirol58.html
WOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RELEASE DATE OMG
Can't wait !!!!
Fuck. Yes.
Still no bass...
Holy sheeeeeeit
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Meanwhile Hulk fights Thor for funnies.
Fuckin shane
Classic trailer!!
booom boommm.. awesome trailer
Metallica!!! *-*
Bad ass
Good guy Shane
Yes!
After daredevil punisher is coming ohh yea
Fuckkkk yeah
metallica forever and ever
Ahhhhhhhhh
Im gonna love November, binge Punisher and Stormlight 3
Whoever edits these trailers needs a FUCKING RAISE ASAP.
Finally
A FUCKING RELEASE DATE!
Shane Walsh Reporting for duty
it looks bad
https://youtu.be/mzWW8JU3Xg8
yeah metallica :P
MARK YOUR CALENDAR BOIIIS! NOVEMBER 17!
Primero the punisher y 2 semanas después Vikingos :3 el mejor mes del PUTO AÑO!!!
Waiting for 17 november more than birthday
Marvel Netflix:\n•Daredevil season 1\n•Jessica Jones season 1\n•Daredevil season 2\n•Luke Cage season 1\n•Iron Fist season 1\n•The Defenders season 1\n>•The Punisher season 1<\n•Jessica Jones season 2\n•Luke Cage season 2\n•Daredevil season 3\n•Iron Fist season 2\n\nMarvel Netflix> the MCU films in my opinion at least.
Karen is fine as fuck
Fuck this. Bring back Marco Polo Bitches Series Finale is wanted.
I’m already loving this anime
Another awesome character and origin story ruined. Damn these crappy Netflix Marvel shows.
Why then. Guess it had to be some time in November but Battlefront 2 officially launches that day. Might have to play and watch.
they cancelled it because they didn't want people the associate the punisher with the las Vegas guy
Wait... now she's banging Punisher? Girl gets around.
i hate all the re-uploads on other channels
Ask this how long question from meghan@charlie puth
Why is he so adorable? 😢😢
I will like his duet with Zayn malik
I swear this video is an accurate representation of me when I'm drunk by myself.
Cool!!! hope you get 2B views
How long the road is..??😂😂\n#I❤u charlie...
The trend of flying in music videos is on.
Dance like no one watching 😍❤️
He is dancing so cutely❤❤❤....
THIS IS WHAT I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!!❤💯💕😆😍
Dance skills on point
*[Intro]*\nAlright\nOoh, yeah\n*[Verse 1]*\nI'll admit, I was wrong, what else can I say, girl?\nCan't you blame my head and not my heart?\nI was drunk, I was gone, that don't make it right, but\nPromise there were no feelings involved, mmh\n*[Pre-Chorus]*\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n*[Chorus]*\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n*[Post-Chorus]*\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\n*[Verse 2]*\nI'll admit, it's my fault, but you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once, mmm\nI try, and I try, but you'll never see that\nYou're the only one I wanna love, oh, yeah\n*[Pre-Chorus]*\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n*[Chorus]*\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n*[Post-Chorus]*\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\nHow long has this been goin' on, baby?\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh, you gotta go tell me now\nOooh-ooh-oh\n*[Pre-Chorus]*\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n*[Chorus]*\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nAnd you' been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n*[Post-Chorus]*\n(Ooo-oh, yeah)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nHow long has it been goin' on, baby? Oh\n(Ooo-oh)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\n(You gotta go tell me now)\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby
Really love this song. Btw whos hearing it on the first day?
Omgggg YouTube is lit today🔥🔥 Taylor swift...Niall Horan...Liam Payne...Marshmallow...Martin Garrix...Charlie Puth...Kygo...Maroon 5...Chris Brown...Vidya Vox...I got a new playlist❤❤🔥🔥
“How long” thats what she said!
what does this video mean?
Im so much into k pop but i still come back for Charlie... your songs are amazing! ♥️
Awesome voice as always! Cringing on his dance moves in a very nice way. Lol
[Intro]\nAlright\nOoh, yeah\n\n[Verse 1]\nI'll admit, I was wrong, what else can I say, girl?\nCan't you blame my head and not my heart?\nI was drunk, I was gone, that don't make it right, but\nPromise there were no feelings involved, mmh\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\n\n[Verse 2]\nI'll admit, it's my fault, but you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once, mmm\nI try, and I try, but you'll never see that\nYou're the only one I wanna love, oh, yeah\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\nHow long has this been goin' on, baby?\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh, you gotta go tell me now\nOooh-ooh-oh\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nAnd you' been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\n(Ooo-oh, yeah)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nHow long has it been goin' on, baby? Oh\n(Ooo-oh)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\n(You gotta go tell me now)\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby
I love the song... I don't get the video though..
Who's here before millions ?\n😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Loved this song. But Charlie's dance was really funny \nLooks he enjoyed a lot making this video
Act Like This After BreakUp😁
People who have unlike the video must be bella thorne fans
A M A Z I N G💥\n\nCOME BACK TO ITALY PLS I NEED A CONCERT!
I can’t stop watching this song again & again
Is nobody going to talk about the fact that the girl @ 2:26 looks like Selena?!
Wow, a music video that doesn't involve sex, don't see many of those often.
I love watching him smile,damn.😍
Dude, you really need to go dancing classes.
Is this song related to attention or we don’t talk anymore?
How long has this song been upload on? :)))
I love the way moves! He looks very comfortable and happy and at ease dancing like that! His having so much fun! Thumbs up to you Charlie.
He looks so happy as a child while dancing...that smile😍❤
this video looks like, after a prom night with a hot girl, charlie puth experiencing LOVE for the first time
This is SO good
Charlie at his best ✌
Handsome as hell like always 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😍 gonna die for it
I’ve been waiting for this since the audio came out YAAAAAAASSSSSSS
HOW LONG \n\nI'll admit, I was wrong\nWhat else can I say, girl?\nCan't you break my head and not my heart\nI was drunk, I was gone\nBut don't make it right\nBut promise there were no feelings involved\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou been creeping up on me\nWhile you calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou been acting so shady (shady)\nI've been feeling lately, baby\n\nI'll admit (admit)\nIt's my fault (my fault)\nBut you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once\nI tried and I tried\nBut you'll never see that\nYou're the only I wanna love, ooh yeah\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly (honestly)\nWas it real or just for show?\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou been creeping up on me (on me)\nWhile you calling me baby (baby)\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou been acting so shady (shade)\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly (honestly)\nWas it real or just for show?\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou been creeping up on me\nWhile you calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby
You pretty deep in the comments, eh? 😏
if jungkook makes a cover of this, im going to- jdnxjdbsusbsj
How long do you just want Attention? We don't talk anymore, I am just one call away
go home, you're drunk
Who thinks Charlie is the best singer!?<3
he looks so cool when he dance..;'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''////////////////////////;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
What the hell is going on? \nNiall: flicker(aesthetic version) \nLiam: bedroom floor\nTaylor: gorgeous\nCharlie: how long\nLouis: just like you\nHow am I supposed to listen to all these songs at a time???????
didn't find the random person in the comments  who usually drop the lyrics so i became one ?! lol : here you go ppl \n\nI'll admit, I was wrong\nWhat else can I say, girl?\nCan't you break my head and not my heart?\nI was drunk, I was gone, that don't make it right\nBut I promise there were no feelings involved\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show? Yeah\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nWhile you're calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\n\nI'll admit, it's my fault\nBut you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once\nI tried and I tried, but you'll never see that\nYou're the only one I wanna love, ooh, yeah\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nWhile you're calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\n\nHow long has this been going on, baby?\nYou gotta go tell me now\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show? Yeah\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\n\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nWhile you're calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nHow long has it been going on, baby?\nHow long has this been going on?\n(You gotta go tell me now)\nYou been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby
Who else added this to their playlist XD
Who's here before 1 million
was that baraati dance ?...
Its for selena
CUTENESS OVERLOAD! 😍
HE IS SO DAMN AMAZINGGGGGG ❤
Before 1 mil?
❤️❤️❤️
Where r my armys I know ur there
Loved it 😎
hensem hanat
2:30 serious youth  😂 😂 😂
Charlie Puth the best💓
I need 300$ can someone HMU on insta Ant062201 😂
awesome song...... without nudes
Awsome 💙💙💙
yehhh another one
Isn't Charlie addictive???? ❤💗❤💗
cs_gravity 150
his cute dance moves😉
1.5 million 🙌🙌🙌
Ahhhhhhh💓 I LOVE YOU!😚
aww , look at him 😍😍😍😍
😍😍 amazing video 👏👏\nLove u Charlie Puth ❤️❤️
YEET
AHHHH his cute little dance moves HAHAHAHAH <3
😱😍
It Cool dude
Charlie puth this is fireeeee 🔥
Yas!!! 🎧 🙅🏻 Shady Mc Shady---->😂😂😑.
Charlie... stop... dancing... 😂😂😍
i love you charlie puth
He kinda dances like my grandma :P
i like it!😍😍😍😍😍
#11 TRENDING
good song\ngreat melody
before 10million??
2:27 HE IS SO CUTEEEE
💟
How Long Your Penis 😂😂😅😅
he’s so adorable
NB
Love love loooove your voice <3
All i want is to remix it!!!!!
how long we can get ? 1 billion view or than!.......\ngo go go Charlie Puth's Fans
He's got some moves!
Hey Charlie we gotta make a music video for How Long but we got no budget\nok let me put on suit and just film me dancing 
It just awesome woah i like you charlie😍😍😘😘😘
Classy!!!😎😎😎
Yaaass killin it charlie! #puthinater
Charlie Puth 😍
I thought this is about Tom, but isn’t Tom older than Adam?
At least this song has a melody.
The views isn't moving. why?
Katy..your fucking kingdom ring is gorgeous..belonged to T and will..so dance whit your mama.
This give me a good mood for study :)... love u
Love this song and the video is very creative.. i like it
I knew I would love this song!!It's sooooo good!! I LOVE the starting! It's sooo cute!! ❤❤ I don't why so many Swifties don't really like this song.. :((
you're so gorgeous can't say anything to your face💕
Does anyone know that this song will be 2nd single or it's just a promo single???
This is an all new TS. I don't know if I like it or don't! 😭❤
Why is this album so trash??!!😢
The new Taylor swift Is the best😍😍😍❤💋💓💜💛💗💙\nI love you a lot Taylor especially from the whole of my heart ❤❤❤❤❤❤💙💙💙💙💛💜💓you're gorgeous
idk but i don't like this, sounds so basic and mainstream (a bit irritating)\nNOT A HATE COMMENT just my opinion
Awesome taylor . Im a directioner but i love u too
Hm. About Adam or Tom ?
I love you Taylor
I’m sorry but, no.
Is it about harry styles?
love you taylor . yes you are gorgeous
Hope to see a very nice video of this song😊
This song is *_AMAZING_*
Not my fave but I do love Taylor. ♡
Can't wait for the album
Omgggg YouTube is lit today🔥🔥 Taylor swift...Niall Horan...Liam Payne...Marshmallow...Martin Garrix...Charlie Puth...Kygo...Maroon 5...Chris Brown...Vidya Vox...I got a new playlist❤❤🔥🔥
who is here before 1m views?
This song is amazing !!💓
this video kinda similar to Louis Tomlinson's just like you
Can I get some likes before 1 million views?
I didn't want her to change and now I'm so happy because this is like the real Taylor
Slaying as always Tay! I sense more grammy awards coming on your way! 😏😏😏😏 this is pure talent 😏😏😏😏😏😏👸🏼👸🏼
The view is stuck
Me when the dolan twins post an instagram picture
How many views now? On my screen, views not moving for hours😬😬😬
Taylor..You are the gorgeous one❤...always💞
Shit, why are Tay's songs so addictive?
cause look at your face!! *dead* 😂
Some of you people like whatever Taylor Swift makes regardless of how it sounds but out of all 3 of her released tracks this one has to be the best to me!
Ohh my God!!! This is the best thing that ever happened to me😍😍💫💗💗💗
Is that for me? (Jk😂) I LOVE YOU TAYLOOOOOOORRRRR MY HEARTU IS FOR YOU😘😘😘😍😍😍
When you have a crush 😍
thank u for releasing another one 🙊
Who's the person you are thinking while listening to this song?
When she says your so gorgeous it kinda sounds like her old songs
So good i love you❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❣
Lyric based...\nHow simple but deep, deep lyrics...\nLike, it’s the proof of her being a normal woman and common for everyone and, and..... \nTHIS IS TAYLOR!!!
who is here b4 500k views
This is such a good and catchy song i love it taytay !!❤❤😀😀😀😂😂😂😂😂
I love the theme for this lyric video 😍😍
New song released, and my youtube will replay it until the new album release. WHO IS WITH ME!?
i love you taylor your  voice makes me feel like i'm in  heaven
im here before 500 k i swear omg i cant believe that
Reputation is her R E V I V A L.
I love the beat😍😍😍👏👏👏👏
Damn this bitch keep dropping trash after trash and her fans be buying wtf!!
YASS GIRL I LOVE THIS!! ps i have a nightcore version on my channel 💖🎶
When Taylor tries to bring vine back 😂
omg
ahhh love the song
Taylor Swift - Gorgeous 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I love you 😭😂😭😭
Ocean blue .. 😍😍
she neelofa haha
TaylorSwift always make  *Gorgeous* musics
before 1M 😁 BRASIL
cmom guyss...more views....p.s. 😄song is great
Before 1M
before 1 million squad.???
WoooooWWWW
Crap song
Im here.
B4 1Million view!
Here
'The Crush Song'
Taylor swift really loves Cats...😻😹
100%
💟NOTIFICATION💞SQUAD 💟
😎😎😎😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Holy damn hell
This song is gorgeous ❤
Olha o boleto
love taylor..... <3
Meow :3
Скучновато
Slaylor!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Anyone before 500K views?? 😎
No.2 on trending....
♥
Gorgeous
who's b4 500k views
YAAAAAASSSSS GUUUUURRRRLLLLL. YOU NAILED IT. AND.... YOU ARE GORGEOUS!
here b4 500k???
Trash
😍😍😍😍
Im here before 500k.....anyone else?
You're  so gorgeous! !!
Here before 1 million
Hayyyy 🌠
I'm exited because of music video!That's gone be something difrent!!! *FINALLY*
This kinda gives me 'old Taylor' vibes tho
Its so sad ,cuz i can see/feel that ,shane still has feelings for her. \n\nI think im gonna cry :( \nLook at him 1:20 \nIlove u shane 😞💕
this is #12 on trending ??? people are so nosy but I’m still gonna watch 😭
I think Shane should do a video reconnecting with his lesbian friend in high school who went to prom with him.
We're gonna fuck? I'm dead 😂😂😂
she is like a younger phychic twin
awww gosh the way he acts and talks around her and looks at her. you can tell he cares about her so much, I'm so glad they reconnected <3
I think you still love her Shane worms my heart this does ❤️
Great video hopefully you make some videos with her int he future!
If that was me and he came into the car I would be staring at him and then cry. It's amazing coz so much shit can happen between 2 people and it doesn't disappear. Yeah you get over them but you don't forget someone you loved and who was a huge part of your life. Like 😥 I love you Shane for doing this. You're very brave.
Absolutely loved this makes you so sexy
I'm glad he got to reconnect a good friendship he had. Honestly from both ends female or male sometimes it's hard to tell if they like you or not. You really have to be up front about it which is really hard if you're insecure like some people are (including me). I've accidentally led people on too it happens. She seems really sweet and I'm glad back then she was honest about her feelings with him back then even though he was hurt, some people will lie or stretch the truth cause they don't want to hurt someone's feelings but it's better to just be honest. Such a good video <3
Awww!!! This video is so heart warming💖❤️💖❤️
I wanna cry at the end it is so sad you guys would be adorable but Shane you have Ryland and you guys are the best and ilysm <3
Makes me wanna take this and show all the chics out there how they seem flirty when they aren’t being it. Now I know why guys are confused with me. I’m as guilty as Blair 😳
Crazy im watching this and i live right beside Dollywood
This is like a show on tlc tbh ily Shane
Ahh watching this literally just gave me chills because I feel like this at this very moment with one of my best friends. And I don’t know what we have is friendship or something more .-. Shane, I love you and been following you since the start of your career. This is why I fell in love with you. You’re not afraid to show your feelings and be human.  You stand out against every other YouTuber. Love you Shane, can’t wait to see the rest of this series! ❤️
She had every excuse in the book... I don't like her
Make a video with Kate!!!
Holy shit, were going to fuck😂
Love these videos! I remember reading this chapter in your book 🙂
wait, what is this?  this guy is obviously gay.  :shrug:
Shane....she should have fucked your brains out during this reuinion.
Also, I love the idea of this series. I would definitely watch more of these types of videos!
You look like my drug dealer
Blair's voice was shaking when she said Am i opening up myself for getting my best friend back....\nFriends can break your heart more than lovers, I know he loved her but Shane probably doesn't understand how much he hurt Blair when he left her without an explanation
oh gosh this just makes me feel really awkward and sad for shane LMAO. it sucks cause he felt led on before but in this video shes really honest and cool with him. i guess i kinda hated how shane kept insinuating if she liked him more than that joke or not but I understand since all he wants is closure/an answer. Im really happy that she was very cool with this and was open about her being a bit naive to his feelings. sometimes a lot of girls do that and dont even realize and guys who are a bit insecure can take it as them liking them back. either way this was a good video about them getting closure and im really happy for them \n:))
MORE MORE MORE...Absolutely loved this!! Gosh I love you Shane and the content you put out there.
Ayyyyyy try talking to onion son that would make my life it would be weird as FUCK do it
I hope you guys actually become best friends again :)
That's the cutest friendship😱😍 Keep her
This is one of the best things you’ve ever done, Shane. This is taking me way back. ❤️
She definitely led him on. I don’t like her at all she messed with his head and heart.
When she invited Shane in for cookies and documentaries, a little piece in me died
OMG HER BOYFRIEND LOOKS LIKE A TALLER VERSION OF JOEY GRACEFFAS BOYFRIEND OMG
This is so fucking sad
Alright I gotta be honest, I only watched this video cuz it was trending. But man Ik I don’t know I but, that was HELLA BRAVE. Like props my guy, I was scared for u. I can relate so much to this shit deadass. 😂😂 J wanna give u props man.
Great video Shane! You’re amazing! I’d love to see more of these videos, it makes me want to go back and talk to old people in my past life and see how\nThey’re and if they have a disliking for me still, but amazing keep these videos going! :) #shanesgreat
Maybe Brie can be an option?
the video is still trending😂👌
If you're an og fan you know who brittni louis taylor is and the relationship her and Shane had. #bff goalzzz!!!
THISSSS IS A LIKE A MOVIE LIKE WTF AND WHATTTTTTT THE SHIT
I'm amazed this wasn't clickbait like not even the thumbnail was clickbait
This is actually so cute. Losing your first love sucks but I’m happy they’re able to be friends!
I love this! Please keep doing stuff that makes you happy, Shane! I love...we love seeing you happy! I hope everything works out and you guys get your bestfriend back! I love you, Shane!
Why the fuck is this trending
Maybe this is the Mandela effect but I thought your first love/gf was Nadine. I've followed you for so damn long I forgot the timeline. It has all turned into one big crazy Shane blob in my head lolz
Shane should do a video with onision let's be real
I'm new to this channel, is Shane gay?
She's so lovely! It's so sweet that they are friends again!
Lmao  at the end of the video she looked at you the eyes from the picture, love eyes
Ahh fuuuckkkk you can see Shane low key has the feelings 😭and she so like...wtf...I’m broken even tho nothing bad happened!!
Lol this video was posted today when I'm actually talking to a person that hates me. 😂
She was so confused at the end lol
She looks like my teacher
How old were you when the moment happened
So glad you reconnected! You should definitely make more videos like this. Maybe reconnect with Shanna Malcolm, Bree Essrig, Brittani Louise Taylor, Kat, Pam and maybe even your brother Jerid and mom! We miss seeing them all I’m sure! Love you Shane ❤️
I wish I could like this 1000 times ❤️ please keep making these
This is why I don't have straight male friends. I don't want to hear anyone complain about being put into the friendzone.
This was so great.
She still looks like she loves him
that's how straight girls are
Hard truth... she's way to hot for you and your a bit of a girly man...
This is amazing man. Keep doing these.
I thought he was gay
18:03 you wanna tell me you don’t like him at all blair....REALLY??? I saw the way you looked at him girl.
Go at 18:04 and look at her eyes. Same as that photo.
Things would get SUPER awkward if he tried to reconnect with Onision
Shane you dodged a bullet. A girl that leads u on this much is fucking cruel.
this is so cute. and i'm so glad he has ryland.
Of course she agrees to do a video with him, it's more exposure now that he's a lot bigger on YouTube... 😡
YOU SHOULD MEET UP WITH TRISH I NEED ANOTHER TRAIN VIDEO IN MY LIFE
I need 300$ can someone HMU on insta Ant062201 😂
This is beautiful
Hey there juggies
Shane’s hands are soooooo small lmao
#11 on trending
Im tired
What? They dated?
Hes alive?
im crying this is so cute omg the cookies and documentaries part ugh <3
Lmao you said relationship *rewinds*
😍😍😍
11 on trending!!!! Love ya Shane!
This is fucking amazing
1 sub plzzz i beg you
Fuck ryland
Be nice y'all wtf
#11 ON TRENDINGGGGGGGGGG
AWWWWWWWWW ❤
@shane reconnect with onision pls
Please reconnect with Brittanie Louis Taylor
Do one with Shanna!
This was good
*kys*
17:57
So raw, so real, so inspiring!
17:57 - 18:05 was a moment ! 😂💘
OMG #12 ON TRENDING CONGRATS QUEEN 👑
*MEET UP WITH SHANNA*
No, not the Paul brothers! Please for the love of god, collaborate with anyone but them.\nI'd personally like to see either Mike Boyd or Casey Neistat collaborate with you.
Dnt want logan in your videos. U r the true star no need them.
fuck jake
Do a collab with roman atwood
whats up with the Norge shirt?
bitta patrick topping in the back ye ye forget
Editing was on point in this vid 👌🏻
One of your best blogs so far :) cheers from Colombia ^_^
Who are Jake and Paul Logan and why are people angry at Niles for working with them? I like Niles.
You should try to do a collab with Zack Merrick. He's the bassist for All Time Low and can do like two minute handstands and trains on rings. His Insta is zacharymerrick  you should check it out
Nile, why don't we save ourselves some time and just get married right now? Love your videos and you're so talented and sweet!
Love your blogs.  Keep it up.
I think that if you dyed the top of your hair blonde you would look great!!
please no logan and jake
I'm in love with your personality❤I hope Logan notices you, I also love him! I've a GREAT IDEA for you, my twitter is @peque2111 in case you want to contact me!
I love your videos keep it going keep on building 💪🏼💪🏼
You should do a work out with Simone Biles
It makes me feel pretty good about myself to know that I can do more pushups than three of the four guys, who are gymnasts, in this video 🤗
Plz plz do the gymnastics alphabet challenge but blindfolded and u have 20 seconds to do it
As a gymnastics coach, I do my best but. Clearly need to up my game! Awesome vlog.
Such a lovely boy. God bless you
1:18 - I got the very wrong idea since I wasn't paying attention for a second lmao... great vlog much love, an inspiration <3
that's incredible. I can only do about 10-15 Push Ups. Obvously I'm not sportif. xD But I still like your Videos and I want it to do by myself. But I'm too lazy :(
This Channel is officially my new obsession. 😂
Why can't you keep the same video for more that 5 seconds?
4:57 there's a Scottish flag!! I'm happy cuz I'm Scottish!😊
This is my favourite type of vlog; gymnastics montages, foam pit fighting montages, and some good old Celine Dion!
Do a ultimate gymnastics challenge with lel m8
Hey Nile! I’m a gymnast(check out some of my videos😊) I look up to you so much and I love your attitude! Keep up the good work!😘
Why does jakey seager (6:50) wear a norway t-shirt? Ahaha i feel so starstrucked!! (I’m from norway)
Your videos always make me laugh my head off! I absolutely love your videos! 😁
Can you make train smart keep it real hoodies
Anybody know what songs playing at 2:04 ?
Anyone know the song at 2:06
Holy shit, your quality production has improved a lot.
unsubscribe!!!! for the logan + jake paul comment byeeee fort u was decent!
I love when you play the Titanic music.  It makes me laugh...😄
You definitely need to get PointlessBlog Alfie Deyes in the gym with you. It'd be interesting to see how much he can still do aside from his morning back flip in every vlog.
I'm curious your max one arm pull ups, you should try that in a later video man.
I am a gymnast level 8
What it's the song at 2:05?
In all fairness you did wide grip pull ups and did the press ups after the dips which would kill your press up score which would be the easiest to score points in. Doing press ups first is the way to go, then dips last giving the chest and tricep time to rest.
I really be good at gymnastics but something says that its not for me... or i dont have any friends at the gymnastics or the coaches are just stupid af... i really wanna learn something and do better, it would be cool if i could see you some time
Please don't turn to clickbait. You're an Olympic gymnast not a shitty American vlogger
You are happy like Arthur Nory from Brasil kkkkkkk
Get Craig Ritchie! He does stuff with sonny webster sometimes.. that's a dream colab!
Is that one dude from Norway? Cuz his shirt says NORGE wich means Norway in norwegian.
anyone know the song he plays at 2:04 ??????
If I see jake Paul on this channel I’ll have to unsubscribe
i like your videos u are a cool guy and u look like Tintin... lol
hey, I am a gymnast myself and I love watching your videos!! you are amazing keep up the good work
Songs u should play\n Outt of my hair.    From   Logan Paul\nShape of u     from ed   shearn \nSorry               from Justin b \nAttention.       From charlie puth\n\nThat's what I like.    From bruno mars \n\nI love u big bro        from Jake Paul            #nile Wilson. 😘😘 #i subed. #i.do gymnastics and we.have a poster of u and we.put stickers  on  😘😘  \n#shout out plzzz.     Keep the hard.work up I 💖u Nile  woooooooooooooow I love u and u should  do phomea pit swimming challenge 💞💞💞💞
I want a little heart. Hi from Spain
Next UGC with Lauren Williams or jade Jones
Jajaja 😁 your videos are so fun. Please more videos jeje 🙏😂
Try to get a free runner or traceur (someone who does parkour) in a video for example dom tomato or joe scandrett
in the high bar much more easyer todo pull ups :D
you are the sunshine in my li-ife \ndun dun dun dun
Hi
Get a contortionist (me plzzzz)
yikes might unsub if you're dream comes true.
Omg love this video Nile 😂
Put pointlessblog through his paces
Oh my god a hundred push ups geez
Love it!!! <3
Collab with Shawn Johnson!
Best yet
Nice video
looks like some hard #####
i loveeee you
Ugc collab with pointlessblog!
January gang
4:22 Nile Niple
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun! 😂
NORGE IM FROM NORWAY!!!
THE ZOOM ON THE NIPPLE
Nile always makes it onto trending lol
Let's go spam Logan and get this colab going!
STOP HATING ON NILE JUST BECAUSE HE LIKES THE PAULS!!!!!!!! You guys/girls do *NOT* control him!!! God!!
You need to collaborate with Logan and Jake Paul it will be amazing sense Logan can do the splits
Omg Nile I actually can't believe this is #5 on training you and Logan Paul are my favourite you tubers I absolutely love you , your are an inspiration to everyone and you make everyone's day you have a sense of humour most of people find it hard to have January gang I was born I January as well 😂 LOVE YOU❤️😍😔🌹
Please Logan Paul
@jakepaul @loganpaul
LOGANGRLIFE❤️❤️🤑🤑✌🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Logan paul
Nile, how old were you when you first started gymnastics, and how old are you now?
Nile what was that song at 2:04 and 2:26 PLEASSEEEEE!
Hi my name is Sam and 14. I just started gymnastics(I know a little late), but I feel like I can not get enough training. I really want to get good but the coaches won't let me train more. All the classes are full. How do I prove my self
Please no more squeak noises. My pup is going mad every time it happens 🤣
Is it a true Nile Wilson competition if no one is shirtless? Gotta get that clickbait! Jw, the coaches all used different forms for pushups... is one style more effective than the others?
What's the upgrade you're most excited to perfect?
since you spend pretty much your entire day training in the gym, i was wondering if you did any type of school classes and stuff?
what do you call that mask you wear?
Hi, what’s that mask for and where can you get them from? Cheers.
Whats the mask he's wearing on floor at 2:50?
Hey Nile quick question when you train what playlist do you play / if not specific what type of music
What relations does Jakey have to Norway?
Does anyone understand the idea of the mask? It looks like some kind of kinky sex equipment.  Don't judge me O_O
How often do they change out the foam stuff in thr pits?
Didn't he have 500k sub?
Let me talk! ... Gary: I think he wanted to talk 😂😂 umm yeah well done Gary
Kevin de brune has just signed for real Madrid
Alright De Bruyne dont have a baby cry... USE UR WORDS MAN
Check out this app 👉    https://sweatco.in/i/yasin253627 ... It pays for walking
Can he talk at Stoke on a rainy night though?
I know that feeling when someone gets in your way.
When the misses starts on a night out
I think he wanted to talk - Gary Lineker
When they don’t understand
All Kevin wanted to do was talk for gods sake
He sounds like Gru from despicable me
I like the part where he says let me talk
He needs to call childline, I'm sure they will listen
And this is why footballers should never be allowed to speak.
I missed the part where he wanted to talk
This is difficult to watch...
His voice higher than me this Halloween
I think he wants to talk Cheers Gary
Something tells me he wanted to talk
Come on now.....let's just sit down and talk about this.
I actually felt bad for det bry
Gary at the end killed me  I think he wanted to talk
Much more dramatic at 0.25 speed
Typical man city no unity built on money no room for passion.
i wanted to talk please let me talk lol
Prince Harry wants to talk.
This is going to be the meme of the season
Gary: I think he wanted to talk \nMe: for real?
I feel bad for him still lol
nohay
L E T  M E  T A L K 😂
rio has the most boring annoying voice on tv. hes a dead loss on panels im afraid
I love how this was #1 then slipped to #3 and now it's #1 again ha. LET ME TALLKH
I was watching that match
BT Sport licking his arse, What a Goon he is 😂
just let him talk
Comments section is full of jokers with no jokes
Pay 1 like for Kevin De Bruyne to Let Him Talk
Well he just want to talk
I jus wan to talk
BT It's Good To Talk.
he disrespecting the captain
I think he wanted to talk
He just wanted to talk
My favourite part was when he said let me talk
Idk but I think he wanted to talk
Sounds like my name is Jeff
Lol gary i think he wanted to talk 😂😂
was so convinced this was on fifa and they were animated 😂
he sounds like a thirteen year old  xD
I think he wants to tow. That's his real dream I guess.
Interested in Electroneum? Please buy through my referral code- https://my.electroneum.com/join/2D73C5
His anger must be from the detoxification of dead animals he has been eating all his life, apparently he has followed in the foot steps of Lewis Hamilton and become vegan :)
Now de bruyne repeats Let me taaalk 25 times a day.
Can Silva even speak english yet?
0:23\nDe Brunei wants to talk\n i THINK he wanted to talk\nLogic 2017
What does he want to do? Im not sure
I'm glad they took him with them down the tunnel, it was clear he didn't want to talk.
I'm gonna buy a man city top that says LET ME TALK on the back lol
OOOH KEVIN DE BRUYNE
De bruyne needs to talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4Tfwrfkqs4
Gingers have no souls 🙏
Anyone hear lampard toching himself when rio was talking
<((Â)))><([
Let me talk
#LetKevinTalk
Let me talk..
L
Subscribe to me
#4 on Trending.
Ffs Fernandinho let him talk
Shhhh Mans not hot
Let me talk
CLICK BAIT!
Let me talk
#LetPeopleTalk
Well done to KDB, pure passion
Num1 trending woow
#tintintalks
remembrance sunday \n LET ME TALK
Reminds me of Let me bang bro!
On his period
My y
Just let me bang bro!!!
Talk about what?
He voice like lady boy  hhhh
😂
Let me tAAAAAAAWWWAaaaaawwwwwk
that voice break lol
Number 1 on trending
#LetMeTalk
Meme will be great
Let me taaaallllllkkk
#LetDeBruyneTalk\n\nSign the petition
Let me TAAALLLLLKK
Kevin:*says let me talk like 5 times*\nPresenter: I think he wanted to talk.\n\nWell nah I didn't notice
When your having an argument with your mom
Oh we dont talk anymore
Do some retards not realise that Gary was being sarcastic lool ffs the iq levels of people these days -.-
True Friends lovers will always understand each other. Jokes that will live forever 😊
You had the song right! Haha Maneater by Hall & Oates, you were singing the chorus :)
When I'm alone and in dire need of a 'tanning hand i use this back mitt: http://www.asos.com/beauty-extras/bronzie-got-your-back-3-in-1-body-back-tanning-mitt/prd/7845172?clr=black&SearchQuery=self+tanning+mitt&pgesize=4&pge=0&totalstyles=4&gridsize=3&gridrow=1&gridcolumn=3\n\nTakes time to get used to, but once you got it it's such a great helper !! Xxxx
Girl, I am living for the long vlogs!!! 😍😍😍
You really shouldn't be so dismissive of Fenty Beauty, there really are some great products in the line. The foundation is beautiful if you have normal to combo skin, unfortunately mine is too dry. The powder highlighters are great, trophy wife (the yellow one) is beautiful (on all skin tones) if used with a light hand and blended out. My favorite is Hu$tla Baby & Mean Money, those are gorgeous and all of the highlighters work very well as eyeshadows. The lip gloss is fantastic, reminds me of Chanel Glossimer but a little less sticky + it works well layered over other nude lipsticks or lip liners. The eye shadow palette is meh, overpriced and had loads of fallout. The eye liners are pretty cool and the new lip products are good.
Estee I'm shocked you don't watch friends! You won't regret it, it's the best show of all time.
LOVE you and Estee.do more together xxx
Amelia Basic Liana, the girl who literally follows every single fashion and makeup trend, saying that she doesn't give in to hype? Plz. 🙄
30k views and in trending? ...How?
Tarte shape tape concealer 👌🏻
About time!
Love love your videos!
haha! autumn smurf <3
I just looooove your vlogs :)
Love the skirt!
❤️u though 😘😊
That pink top is Joanna Ortiz vibes totally
14,000 views definitely trending YouTube...
Omg those burgundy heels tho
Love your hair so much Amelia!💇 Wuv Dukie too!🐶
Great shoes!
i need that bag holy moly its gorgeous
I LOVED that skirt!!! Ahhh ❤️
I was in Richmond Park too that sunday, would I have loved to see you both girls 😘
Amelia: Say shimmer shades really fast \nMe:  shimmer shades shimmer shades shimmer shades \nGuy on the train across from me: Looks at me like I'm CRAZY \n\n:D \nxx
Whats the brand that mimics other clothing? The pink top brand?
Amelia I love you!! Ur fan from SaudiArabia
Miss u both together...love your friendship hope to see more of you too together and also I miss your sister in your blog 😘😄
Loving tan and a good self-tan back applicator!!
Amelia that WAS the Maneater song you thought it was on the radio lol
That pink top is so fun! Hope it doesn't break again.
Loving the hauls! Now I need to get a pleated skirt in my wardrobe.
What brand of hair straighter you use?
Love your vlogs ❤️your new hairstyle looks amazing I want to get a fringe soo bad
I feel like a lot of British vloggers are dismissive of Fenty beauty. I haven't tried it because I cannot afford to at the moment but from what I've seen its a very good line, especially the foundations. But to each his own
try the Tarte ShapeTape concealer! its the best and lasts all day! and comes with more product for your money spent
Is the Charlotte Tilbury palette worth it? I've seen some bad reviews!
Yaaaas!!! I missed vlogs of you two hanging out 😍😍😍
No bangs suit you much better though
I know mac n cheese!!!
the bare minerals bareskin concealer is pretty good for a more natural look! :)
The songs she played during her car ride reminds me K109 in GTA IV in The Ballad of Gay Tony.
Estee looks fab.. nice to see you both together...
obsessed with the fenty foundation, its replaced everything
I am new to your channel & I love our videos & loved the but of you in your car, lol
Why did u pass on hall & oates :-(
Man Eater- Hall & Oates-( you got the lyrics completely wrong)  made me laugh.  xo
brushing my hair with the same brush that amelia has :D :D :D xoxo
I love your style so much! The bangs look beautiful. Very classy. ❤️
So nice to see you guys hanging out in your backyard and not on the run.  Jackie
Cheap zip replace it if worth it.... Love the skirt, love the long dress perfect for you, perfect sweater, jumper and wear thigh hi boots...
you two have such a cute friendship!
Glad to see you are still friends! I found you through Estee's channel
You and Estée are my faves (especially together) been waiting for an Estelia reunion. ❤️
The jumper is beautiful! But I hate it if stuff is itchy and I'm so sensitive, it's so annoying!\nCan you tell me where the cream/beige sweater from your last vlog is from? The one you wore while trying on the new stuff
AMELIA THERE IS A FAKE TAN BACK APPLICATOR !!!!! ITS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD lol I feel like for once I am making other discover smtg and not theotherway around lol <3 Here is the link :https://www.superdrug.com/Fake-Tan-Last-For-Days/Modelco-Self-Tan-Back-Applicator/p/726276
Your lip colour when you’re in the car😍😍😍what is itttt please?! Xx
That was the ooh there she goes song!!!!
You have such good taste in clothing!
Next time I go to a picnic I would have in consideration that birds could mess up my food! lol 🙈😂
I used to live by Richmond Park. I forgot about the constant planes going overhead haha. It's quite bleak but rather lovely on a frosty day 😊
The dress is beautiful :)
YAYYYY I’m so glad to see y’all reunited ❤️
Please do a jewellery collection video :)
The yellow Fenty highlighter is not Kilowatt, the whole range of highlighters is called Killawatt, but the one you're both referring to is called Trophy Wife ;) And I agree about the hype, ultimately, Riri or no Riri, it's a brand riding on another brand. The only cool thing about it is the range of colors for darker skinned people, which is worth the praise!
I usually don't give in to hypes either!! Buttt Fenty Beauty foundation is AMAZING Amelia! Please try it and let us know :)
Hi guys! I have a beauty and fashion channel!  There's a new haul video online! Check it out! 😉 https://youtu.be/VPJE0j-DDhA 😄
Estelia is baaaaack😘😘😘😘
Cool outfits
Tarte shape tape ❤️
Mac & CHEESE 😂😂
For tanning my back I use the st. tropez mitt. I attach it to a back scrubber brush you can pick up at the drugstore with a hair tie. Works like a charm 😘
I love all your videos
OMG all friends references can relate to life...on my wedding day i made a speech and said my husband is my lobster...only those of my age got it lol
OOMMGGG you NEED to wear these Ted Baker heels with the Ted Baker burgundy coat!! This will be THE BOMB!
Love your vlogs, they are the besssst
I was obssessed this week by your haul video and bags collection... so weird
Oh gosh, this made me sooo happy!!! I miss seeing you and Estee together. Bringing back the good ‘ol days.😍😊
I get so excited to see you uploaded u r so girly 🤗
Thank you for cheering me up :) <3
What lip color are you wearing at the picnic? It's beautiful on ups!!
The NYX HD concealer or the Tarte Shape tape are good
Try the IT cosmetics bye bye under eye illuminator!! A little goes the long way!!! So full coverage!
clicked so fast cuz I LOVE U TWO
Love these longer vlogs! I drop everything to watch your vlogs as soon as I find out you've uploaded one lol
At 7:07 your dog under the table. Too cute! Check my channel for fashion and shopping videos if interested :)
They do a back tanner in boots. It's like a mini changeable mitt on a handle x
Love your new hairdo so much, suits you a lot!
Love these casual hauls in your vlogs!  Keep them coming!! 💜
Amelia, Boots has self-tan applicators to do the back :-) xx
Those shoes and the new pleated skirt are so beautiful. 😍
Where can you get tarte in the uk? In reference to the concealer
Oh my god your hair is amazing the fringe looks so good on you!
Love the new stuff
Autumn smurf! love that jumper on you!
I'm so in love with those burgundy velvet heels 😍 They are so beautiful!
I love the pleated skirt with that yellowish jumper. It has a Marni-feel, that colour combination.
I love Estee but knowing that she's not a Friends addict makes me judge her a little!!!!
The back suntan applicator is called- Guy. He would do anything for you. For a new product, try NABLAS new eye shadow palette. It is AMAZING!!!!!
Ehy does your videos became 20 min' and more???????
I'm gonna raid the white house. Who's with me?
There should be a flat tax.
*Letting the IRS decide how much you owe them is like asking a crackhead how much money he needs to buy his crack.  You will get raped.*
Just flat tax us and we will all be on the same level of taxing...  Just makes cents.  <---(see what I did there? sense/cents? HUH?)  Man I'm a smooth talkin son of a gun :D
No, taxes aren't theft.  If you like your roads, military, government services, schools, etc.... then pay your taxes, its a civic duty.
I learned more from this video and comment section than I did in a year of school.
I voted Trump to lower my taxes.
Murica: Capitalism at its finest\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnd no I'm not a commie, it's just a maymay
Most most American video ever
Jeribo Sinkler from The Hard Times of RJ Berger! Awesome!
Diving retarded country.. Only merica . Other countries tell you exactly how you need to pay them..
THIS makes me furious. And I’m not even living in the US
Life Hack: Don't pay taxes. Get arrested. Go to prison. Live off taxes by never paying taxes.
Don’t have to ruin taxes \n\nAlready did that them selves
This isn't the reason why taxes suck.
And people that just deal in cash or a large part of there business is cash? Then what the government can't know how many cash transactions you have
Taxation is theft.... roads and police and firemen and schools and the military should all just exist without any payment.
I was surprised to learn about the lobbying to keep tax returns the way they are.
Taxation is thievery, is it ? Who builds the roads you drive on ? The pipes from which you get your water ? Who funds the military that you so insist is protecting you ? You people need to start using your fucking brains !
Or, imagine this, a flat tax.
does anyone know who that actor is that always plays uncle sam?
This idea is so scary. Why do people suddenly trust the government so much? All the government wants is your money, don’t give them the power to lie to you even more than they already do. \n\nAlso, a bill implies it was for an optional service. Taxes are not optional. They are forced.
@CollegeHumor you should make a petition and link it here!
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilized society.- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Chief Justice, Republican.
*Adam doesn't know anything
The bad part of taxes isnt doing them the bad part is losing half your income
Check it out? We're selling online 🙂 the 🔥 Hottest Gear for 🎉 the right Occasions! The link is in our Bio 👈
T U R B O - T A S T I C !
It’s not actually free. Taxes would rise to pay someone at the IRS to do it for you. Nothing is actually free
Already done in the UK lmao
Holy shit this is all so funny. Really warrants the college humour name. Just brilliant.\n\nI find it a lot more funny when its anti-white people propaganda though. Please make more thinly veiled kill whitey videos. They're hilarious!
torrent turbo tax. its free on the pirate bay.
So you make mistakes so they can fine you
Work on equalizing the ending volume with the video volume. Nearly blew out my ears.
Why can’t we have a flat tax rate \n\nIt would make every thing so much simpler
Adam you didn't ruin anything you told me that the government can do my taxes for me
Learn taxes so you don't need tubo tax so it fails lol
turbo tax hr block and others have lobbied against reform very effectively
90% of the comments in this video are people saying that taxation is theft. Okay, I get it. Reading the comment section has gotten very annoying
Most average households tax returns are dirt easy to file. It will only take you at most an hour to two hour to learn how do it by following the instructions on the forms themselves. Do it once and you'll be set for life! A great way to learn is to actually find a local volunteer site that offers free tax preparation, they often teach you how to do the taxes and provides the materials. Most people won't be using more than your standard 1040, schedule A,C,D which are itemizations, business income, stocks. Also note that if you're low income chances are you qualify for earned income tax credit and the threshold for qualifying increases with more dependents. Some basic credits to look out for are ira deductions and school credits which are American opportunity and or lifetime learning or tuition deduction. this pretty much fits most americans returns scenarios.
Ok why dont we get the government to hire these companies to process the taxes, company with the cheapest bid gets it, rewarded with low taxes. Make it an option.
How’s the taxes other states? Over here in New Hampshire I only get taxed on food and tobacco. Ha. Although I’m not sure that’s a good thing overall. But hey I’m greedy.
Trump is attempting to make it much simpler. How can that be a bad idea?
This should be retitled why DOING Taxes sucks and not why Taxes themselves suck.
oh shit it's Zack
Taxes aren’t bad, the government just doesn’t spend them correctly
Theoretically the president could sign an executive order on this, right?
Finally, a topic that will open Republicans' eyes to the fact that the campaign finance and lobbying systems in the US are a form of legalized bribery!\nBy the way, I know something else Reagan and Obama would agree on: imperialism
👈🏽Subscribe to my channel everyone “Savage Dares”
Alot of commie bastards in the comment section. God damn why can't we just live the ways that America was found upon instead of this socialist bullshit thats literally going to destroy our country. You can't be a capitalist nation with all of these regulations or else it is not capitalism and will never work properly. If a rich person is paying a flat rate of 10% that is significantly higher than a low income person that pays 10% anything higher than that is not right because the people that earn their money shouldn't have to fork half of it to the government for it to be wasted on nothing.
Lol  like I want my government to have more power. Keep fighting tax filing companies!!!!
In Sweden we have return free filing, it literally takes me 2 minutes in an mobile app. My employer automatically deducts my taxes from my salary, and if I've paid to much, I automatically get the money back once a year. It's great. Take control over your corrupt politicians!
Or you could, you know, switch to a consumption tax exclusively. Then instead of two hundred something million people filing taxes, you'd only have each business, or location filing taxes.
Very nice points but Adam Ruins Everything can just be boiled down to this: x and then y because BIG BIZ
WHO WILL BUILD THE ROADS?! C'mon people, come up with some real arguments that we haven't heard a thousand times already.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but Trump: FIX THIS!!!
Can we actually trust the government to do proper math?
Also, this just assumes the immense intrusion of the federal government into our private business and financial matters.  Them reporting your bank accounts and deposits is part of crazy drug enforcement laws, where depositing over $5000 or even under that can be an IRS crime where they can seize the money, cuz it must be drugs.  Where in the constitution does it give the federal government authority to collect such private information?  No where.  Rather the supreme court on a number of occasions has said a right to privacy is one of those 10th amendment god given rights, that the government should not be spying on you.  Granted the fed ignores this with mass collection of illegal data collected and stored and lies about doing it (creating perjury to congress even.)  It is an unconstitutional power, just like direct taxes SHOULD be by the framers.  But they also did not want a standing army, or policing the world, or entangling treaties with Europe.
You know what would be easier? A national sales tax and getting rid of most of the IRS and ending entitlement programs
I love it when the government accepts practical bribes
And as an accountant I’d be out of a job...Yay!
How about they NOT tax our income?  Do a show about how the federal govt ran for decades without fleecing it’s own citizens.
This video glosses over so much it is insulting to Adams previous works.   He did succeed in picking a universally hated subject and inadequately covering it to get a massive number of hits. His taxes will be very complicate now!
Just like anything else, it's basically because people are greedy...
Tear down this wall... of paperwork xD
A FAKE JESUS IS COMING PLUS FAKE ALIEN INVASION
It's not the software.  That's a tiny part of the story.  It's the prospect of 300,000 people with good, high-paying jobs suddenly being unemployed.  That's a lot of jobs and tax revenue and politicians are loath to put people out of work (as they should be!).   And if the government did the returns?  The government would need to grow by 300,000 people.  It would be like the TSA.  Hundreds of thousands of private citizens will be suddenly federalized.  Do you really want the TSA doing your taxes?  No thanks.
Where is the link to freefile alliance? This video is stupid and useless btw, you have to calculate your taxes so you can deduct your property taxes, state and local taxes, union dues if you pay them, work tools, uniforms, charitable deductions and many other business deductions. There is also a mileage deduction if you travel from your job to another business location and many other business deductions.
Thank god, a video that doesn't polarize...\n\nDEATH WITH TAXES!
So what do we do about this problem?
No touching on how the taxes aren't flat and that they need to be to be fair... I see your tricks
RETURN FREE FILING? AND I am gonna depend on the government to do this? AND DO IT RIGHT? I'm not too sure about that IDEA! Who's gonna watch to make sure that the GUB does it right?
There's an even easier option a flat tax.
Credit karma.... 100% free and easy
Here's an easier solution, no more federal income tax. The government is useless, and taxation is theft
i wouldnt trust the government to do it right, they would cut corners and 'miss' info leading to a higher tax bill.
Wouldn't it be great if college humor did something about all the problems in the world instead of just joking about them?
Imagine a world where humans never felt selfishness. Where no one could do any selfish acts or anything similar. Imagine it, because that's all it'll ever be. Imaginary
So you would rather hide the cost of government, and be responsible proving the IRS, who doesn't know how to calculate your taxes, wrong if they mess it up.
There's a reason why accounting firms like Ernst & Young donate so much money to political campaigns.
It's creepy how many people repeat the same comment taxation is theft.  Saudi Arabia and Kuwait have zero personal income taxes, so, instead of complaining, just move to sunny Saudi Arabia!\n\nWith few exceptions, the higher the personal income tax rate, the nicer the country.  Russia has a 13% rate, so I'm sure you guys would LOVE it there!
Everything wrong with America is just they won't do anything if they get paid not to
... Who here thinks the IRS doing your taxes for you would actually be *free*.  Or accurate.  Anyone?
Basically America sucks...
ADAM RUINED COLLEGE HUMOR
Taxation is theft
I will tell you why its a problem if the govt tells you to exact amount so to speak to pay in taxes. There are many Individuals or Businesses who gets paid in Cash , these Cash cannot be tracked as the exact amount a Hot Dog seller in the road side gets everyday varies almost on a day to day basis (That's simplifying it). \n\n\nThere are also other factors that comes , for instances if you are a stock market investor , and if you have lost money, then the amount payable as tax could also be deducted, similarly there are other losses too, that the govt are not aware of.
CH is shit now
Taxation is THEFT !
Taxation is theft
Exsposedddddddd
taxation is theft
Im just gonna kill myself haha
Taxes are extortion
LOL turn right into blaming private industry....\n\nLOL this leftist garbage.
DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY DEBT SLAVERY
Humour
Taxation is theft
Taxation is theft.
Hey, that sucks...
#YIAYintro yassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
#yiayintro the demonetisation symbol
.
https://youtu.be/oraAi45-UuI
#YIAYintro The entire bee movie
#YIAYintro an iPhone
#YIAYintro Minecraft intro \n\nyou basically cant get any cringier than that
Put hentai sounds #yiayintro
#YIAYintro A remake of MOM GET CAMERA OR\n\nMOM GET OUT THE FKN ruuum im playin Mooncreft
A light switch
LIFELINE. YES
#YIAY just DAB.
#yiayintro
Hi
#YIAYintro play your ending song outro thingy backwards 😂😂
# yiay intro hey I'm jacksfilms
Hello I like cranberry syrup and I also love being extremely constipated while shoving hamsters up my nostrils😊 #YIAYintro @jacksfilms
have shame
Make a minion dabbing on the creepers
#yaiyintro how bout dont
My name is PEWDIELIEEE! #YIAY intro
Bunch of rick and Morty musicallys
#YIAYintro yestarday I asked you lol
I would invest in Bitcoin
HEY WHATS UP YOU GUYSSSS YES! #YIAYintro
0:44 can we please
#Yiayintro Foreheadception
#yiayintro bad ducky bad ducky, oh hey chick
#Yiey intro ESKEETI
#yiayintro *some minecraft 3d intro with dabbing, fidget spinners, and normie memes*
#yiayintro Jackask intro
Your outtro but backwards #YIAYintro
#YIAYintro recycle the leafy intro with your name
#YIAYintro Your giant enormourmous FORE HEAD
#YIAYintro intros are a sin
#yiayintro\n*lightswitch*
#YIAYintro walk in balancing fidget spinners on your forehead while holding poop emoji and saying your favorite line from Hamilton
#YIAYintro *top of your voice* Wass poppin Famsquad ready for another LIT AF video? Make sure to DESTROY that like button down below, and do this really easy trick where if you click the subscribe button, it says SUBSCRIBED! So now it’s time for today’s video where I will be looking at the TOP 10 ANIME FIDGET SPINNERS!
Yiay... Were a homo tells you content he stole from his fans
got it at  Noel random channel
Fuck that sponsor, I'm not supporting anything fucking youtube makes.
Remember that anime song that was remade with you laughing?? Just that - nothing more, nothing less #YIAYintro
Don't care what the intro is. Just as long as it's nice and anime themed. #YIAYintro
Il go back in time to the store pecoze there is free stuff there il get a free nerf gun in 12111905
#YIAY you face with a frown
#YIAY Wanna join my free gift card give away? Subscibe to my channel, like the video and comment saying I SUBSCIRBED!
#YIAYintro you performing the emoji pop and screaming help me at the same time
#YIAYintro\nRoblox/Minecraft players dabbing while your huge name in blue shows up
I am LOVING the Hamilton references
No. I can not make you a #YIAYintro.
#YaiyInto\n\n\nYO YO WHAT IT DO FAMSQUAD ITS YA BOI, DADDY FOREHEAD BACK AT IT AGAIN  QUALITY CONTENT
#YIAYintro The Credits for the emoji movie reversed and mixed with Alexander Hamilton's death while all the happy songs play
Jack I heard you chuckle when you said “a YouTube red series directed by Dwayne the rock Johnson.” It’s ok you can laugh at that.
I'd go try to contact stalin and tell the guards about the assassination
The first person to ever dab was Michael Jackson in Smooth Criminal, so you just slapped Michael Jackson. How do you feel now, you monster?
My name is Jack Douglass. I am the sluttiest man alive. To the outside world I'm an ordinary Jake Paul copycat but secretly with the help of my friends at pornhub I masturbate to Jenna Marbles sex tapes. I am Jacksfilms. #yiayintro
#yiayintro To the dear fellows watching this video, During the day previous to this one, I requested that you answer a certain question with as much humour and wittiness as possible. I shall now read out the submissions that I found to fit this criteria well.
#YIAYintro what's up squad fam *dab *dab the emoji movie is a sin
*Hey I just learned how to write in bold text*
have a huge amazingly annoying watermark as the intro but make it the outro as well #yiayintro
#YIASIntro An outdated x productions with the blue title card that has the rainbow effect and the generic synthesizer music.
#YIAYintro Dat boi rollin into the McDonald’s looking to locate the lamb sauce.
#YIAYintro all of the yiay intros at once
#YIAYintro\n\njust you screaming YAASSSSSSS for a solid minute
Just get a picture of your face and leave it on screen until there's 1 second left in the video #YIAYintro
#YIAYintro\nDabbing while bottle flipping while killing people while getting a girl while kissing that girl while on the edge of a cliff while jumping of the cliff on a horrible minecraft intro maker
A montage of you saying yaass with your longest dab fading in the backround with a remix of there are 3 genders,4 genders,even five! as music  #YIAYintro
If there was an emoji tv show. The intro song for the tv show #YIAYintro
#YIAYintro Take a shot when ever you start a video.
I would take any ideas like the iPhone my own and make Millions!
#YIAYintro What's up fam squad, it's ya boy, and I'm back with some more quality content and dank memes! *insert overused ear-rape 3D animation*
#yiayintro \n\nIntro song:\nMy name is jack\nMy vids are wack\nI wish I was black\nIf you follow me I’ll follow you back \nI have a big rack\nDab on the haters!
The company 'Lifeline' sends its agents 33 days into the future to save clients they know are going to die. If they know how they're going to die and what they can do to prevent their deaths, why not just *WAIT* a month?! It's like travelling forward in time, but slower.
I like how he chuckles when he says Dwayne the rock Johnson is the director
I think every youtube red show is trash only a few are okay
eyooooooo its jack that not black but is crack like stack of crack. #YIAYintro
I'm currently writing my Malcom X Broadway show starring all white people.
#yiayintro Ooh I know, just put a picture of the emoji movie, and then a ton of cringy dabbers around the main characters, and slap YIAY where Emoji Movie is.. ~ Genius
#YIAYintro \nThis is, the song of a man. His forehead is big, thinner than that twig, and likes to sing  ME ME BIG BOY!
#YIAYintro jacks forehead pasted on every emoji in the emoji movie trailer and jacks face on the poop emoji
#YIAYintro slap a YIAY sticker on your forehead while playing Never Gonna Give You Up in the background
#YAIYintro can you elaborate on that question, in the next video?
#Yaiyintro I would kill the creator youtube before he created youtube so jake Paul could never do youtube
what up famsquad it's ya boy jack **dabs** #YIAYintro
#YIAYintro i turned myself in to picke. i am the pikle.
#YAIYintro how about one of those cheap generic ones with the loud music.
lol if you wanna see a drunk tutorial, go to my channel you wont regret it 😂🎃
The rock lmao....😂😂😂😂\n\nif you were ever wondering who's responsible for The destruction of YouTube is this a man responsible for rap music today\n\nlyor cohen\n\nFucking Jew\n\n#YIAY
#YIAYintro A still frame of a D.M or slowed down clip of the last video you made... oh wait that's the outro... smh
Please!!!SOMEBODY DO ONE OF THOSE CRINGY MINECRAFT INTROS FOR JACK!!!PLEASE!!!
#YIAYintro Look what I did.\nhttps://youtu.be/yS0q0osWdvU
No......!!!
#YIAYintro a 3D Minecraft animation
#yiayintro ask @FUNNYINTRO
#YIAYintro alexander hamilton dabbing while holding a fidget spinner in each hand
#YIAYintro probably wont make it on to this episode because I didn't make an intro , ohh wats that? y-y-you to :\
#Yiayintro yesterday,  i asked you something ,so i dont have to make ideas anymore
#YIAYintro this series is sponsored by
The first song that comes up when you search non copyrighted dubstep  and lots of multi color explosions, leading into a epilepsy title
Pretty sure I dons'd it.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zzmLt8ETP8&feature=youtu.be
Happy octoberary :D \n\n🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃
well, that was funny
That racist bit was funny
lol... my fave was dressing up my little bro a few years ago as a Hawaiian tourist who got arrested for touching an endangered turtle
Ian putting on the pounds 😂
I kinda miss anthony....its not the same when anthony is not here
That's a guy named Ian and blonds should never play with guns.
Has anyone noticed that they are growing very little subscribers each day?:(
if only if anthony was a costume :(
i havent watched smosh in years and wow ian looks different
Smosh is not the same now without Anthony 2002-2017
i see why you guys did 31 diy costumes ;)
Can you do every slasher villain ever?
I think I ship them 😂\n\nWait\n\nNever mind I still ship Anthony and Ian.
I'm going to go as Harvey Weinstein and walk around, with a hard on, holding a plant.
Is it just me or was this not 31 costumes?
Why is this last minute when we still have 12 days?
Why Did Ian Become Mad when Courtney Said it's a Costume...
Remember when we were younger, and funnier?
where is the shut up intro!?
Have you done EVERY DANCE TEACHER EVER?
Out of my way black people Hahaha!
that was awesome  you should make more  DIY  Halloween costumes  Please please please they are totally awesome
Was this supposed to be funny zzzzzzzz
I love Ian but I’m not a big fan of his new hair cut. I liked his old one sorry not a hater I love smosh
Things haven't been the same for Ian since Anthony died at nam
When are you ever gonna make a REAL tutorial?
Don't watch my first video...DONT
I still don't have a costume.
good god someone do something with his hair.
Wheres anthony??  Get it like the halloween costume but the person
You should have said out of my way white people and then seen what happens
I MISS ANOTHNY HE WAS YOUR HEART AND SOUL
Oh...... I thought this channel died
Ian needs to chill out with the lunch times with smosh he's getting thicc
when smosh pays to be on the Trending list
I just realised are we still going to get food battle with a new opponent for Ian? Or will it never happen again?
Out of my way black people 😂
I'm not excited I'm missing Halloween I'm goin to Vietnam
this is what i find on trending.... dumb...
You should do every twin ever.
I'm snow white! AND ONLY WHITE!
310-897-0118 text me in fun
I could honestly just go as myself. That's scary enough 😂
i actually ship Ian and Courtney
Standing next to crush crying guy so me😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Out of my way black people LMFAO
I'm sorry but this channel is trash now and it has been for the past couple of years, smh they should've stuck with Ian and Anthony
i haven’t watched them in 3 years but i still knew this wasn’t anything serious
pumpkin: don't forget to cut out the eye  \nI was expecting Courtney to stab Ian with a  knife 😀😀
south park: the fractured butthole.
How does anyone think this is funny... Like I understand this is supposed to be stupid funny but it's really only stupid
I miss the old smosh plz come back
Crap my picture is on the wrong holiday
Saturday night live version on YouTube
Lol! Funny as hell, you got me.
Pls make a Pokemon parody my suggestion is jaws and make sharpedo jaws
Holy shit was that bad. I don’t like being negative but smosh has really went downhill.
The golden years of smosh is 2010 - 2013\n\nAnd we all missed\n\nTeleporting fat guy \n\nAnthony padilla \n\nStevie\n\nThe ian cop\n\nAnd..... \nians mom!!🙁🙁
This channel is for 12 years isn't it?
I'm not that poor I can buy one
1,159th
شهالبياخه!!
.........uhhhh ok well ummm cringe fest??.......
Do more mari craft
Outta my way black people!  XD
Ryan Higa did it first
Miss the old smosh
:)
I miss Anthony
Lmao Smosh is still a thing?
Oof.
I miss the good-ol-days....
Thumbs up.
Ian is me
Lmao wtfff 😂😂😂😂😂
Okay, that makes me laugh! GJ guys! :D
People still watch smosh...
Lowkey ship them
I miss old Smosh!!!
im a pumpkin
#22 on trending
Who's the guy? I've never seen him before
Just go as plank from ed edd n eddy then you don't have to say anything.😂😂
the racist one was genius...the first one tho
It is so bad it hurts
why did it take me so long to get the racist joke? it's been a whole day after I watched this and I just got it. I hate myself.
Message of the video...if they ask to marry you,say yes
lol the snow white who's rasict  had BLACK eyes for about one second
lol omg this is actually kinda funny.... also courtney is really pretty
I heard there is something called my first rifle in us of a, that cant be real right?
I don’t know why I expected something useful
You should have ironed your blood
Out of my way black people
#8 on trending??!!
Mortal kombat or combat idk
Snow..WHITE!!!
Anthonyyyy😢😢😢😢😢
Wheres anthony
Filter your junk mail\nMonitoring wifi never fail
Dog training man! 
i havent heard this one yet, but in their past interviews I've always got the vibe that fitzsimmons HATES joe secretly.
We have a English bulldog. Never had any problem. Breathes just fine. It's obvious that you don't go biking with this dog.  Just use commen sense. Educate yourself
never tell ppl what u r watching until ur done watching. but stick w it joe, my buddy spoiled a lil for me and it was still worth watching...
good chefs make good food it doesnt matter where they are from or what food they cock as long as it´s good. even chefs making food from\nwhere they were born can be bad at making that food. if it´s good it´s good, just enjoy the taste of a different culture.\n\nharassment is something that happens over and over and over that you don´t like having done to you. like phone sales people calling you.\nsomeone hitting on you more than once or twice i guess. or someone touching your butt or growing area once i suppose. it´s really up to\neach individual where they draw the line, then again i don´t know much. not good to put all in the same group?\n\nas far as  actors doing things for roles or lines willingly, that´s prostitution. it´s like models and porn stars \ngetting gifts like cars coke and jewelry free travel and all that shit. these women or men have no right to pretend to be mad if they \nare doing that or have done it. those who have been wronged should definitely prosecute.\n\nthings that are harmful in deadly ways to others should have high penalties. the person afflicted should take extra precautions in\ninsuring the saftey of others. things that are not harmful should be legal and up to each and everyone to choose to do or not to do \nthemselves.\n\npc people do more harm than good. not just to freedom of speach i think? people should know when you´re being mean and when you´re not,\nthere is a difference. even i can hear and see that. maby better education? or just devoting you time to something that really matters.\nin science, education, medicin, just making sure that everyone in the neighbourhood has something to occupy their time and so on.\n\nwe´re one world, one people. as soon as we can stop fighting amongst ourselves we can start to explore space for real. putting half of\nthat fighting money into colonisation and exploration and the rest into education and medecin/cures.\n\nit could be a fun experiment to see if normal people would just follow from large numbers but you know some are gonna take it way to \nseriously or not know about the joke and be really mad when it comes out. f*%¤ fraud! or angry because they were tricked. you know it.\n\non that plane dream thing.\ni had a waking pretty much sober halucination for a few seconds when glancing up at a loud sound and saw a plane come crashing right \nat me and my building. pretty scarry, it got my heart pumping and i didn´t sleep that night. i accepted it pretty f*¤% quickly and the \nonly way to escape would have been out a verry high up window which i didn´t think about in that moment, i´m verry happy about that. all\nmy dreams and plans just vanished, i was ok with that. maby i felt a bit bad about not saying something to friends and family, i don´t \nknow. it was messed up anyway, still get a kick when thinking of it and it only lasted for a second or two. when i looked back the\nplane was just traveling normally. i think i was fine with dying... sort of calm but a bit sad. full of adrenaline, shaking. anyway i find that my mind\n starts to race with ideas when i try to sleep and i can´t slow it down when off.\n\nlove the show.
Dude you’re way funnier sober this episode was the best haha
Greg's laugh is epic
I'd fuck him just because he fucked her
WHO WAS IT?????????????????? you cant just leave us hanging like that broooooooooooooo. NOT cool.
JOE\n YOU\n ARE WEIRD!!!
😮😮😮\nyo, that kathleen turner shit SHOCKED the shit outta me! There's a picture if you look her up where her body still there but its got her present face.Its shocking. that HAS to be the biggest hot to not fall maybe ever??? If not throw a different  name out there.
Why does Joe try to say things that are wrong or dumb on purpose? I don't get it...
Joe Kinison had a bit about that Rogan
I think the lights were more cozy in the previous studio, this looks really lit up
Jamie was on point today. Joe doesnt even have to ask anymore. What if, after the show, joe gets all mad and is like Jamie...I shouldnt have to ask you to pull that shit up. You should just do it.
Bill burr got weird since he race mixed that baby
How many times he say coyote puppy
The guest camera is much lower res than the Joe camera
Joe you should look into getting Robert Swan on your show. The man is amazing and has some fascinating stories about the north and south pole. He has somr interesting views on climate change as well
Why is Gregs head always nodding, somebody tell'm there's no cock in front of him at the moment
Joe I used Ju Jitsu on my dog Rogan
Dam i need too go back in rime too greece. Thats my time to shine 😂😂😂
Jeezuz joe talks shit about HIV. Joe I come from South Africa, 13% of our population has HIV here. Its growing \nuncontrollably in Africa and yet you sit there and tell me nothing is here. PLEASE come to Joburg or Durban, ile how you what out of control HIV looks like.
I lost my shit when greg paused and said nigger
Quick story! My girlfriend had a weiner dog and American bulldog together since puppies. When our son was born the dogs were about 8 years old. The wiener dog became jealous, nipping and growling at our son. One day in the kitchen the wiener dog started up growling at my son. The American bulldog got up from a nap, calmly walked over and ripped a chunk of flesh out of the wiener dogs neck. Pure chaos ensued, arteries squirting all over the kitchen.  Then rushing the little dog to the hospital covered in blood with a towel tied around her neck. Twitching and making weird sounds. She died that day and the bulldog died months later.
Hearing Joe try to read the word “perpetuation” and then questioning the pronunciation of “Weinstein” made the earth stand still for about 15 seconds. I’m dead.
Is this new or no ?
Rick B. cooks better Latin food than my pure Mexican family! Joe R. got it right
Just adding opinion.  Dan Brown books are good.  Twilight movies are terrible.  no taste people here ... i will never respect yalls opinion on pop culture.. you are already out of touch.
Dry Socket...yeah smoked weed through my nose kuz I was scared of that happening to me when I got my wisdom teeth out a couple years ago. That shit burned so bad lmao.
I don't have the influence or the clout to get this started, I'm not popular... but can someone get some kind of trend going to try and get Norm Macdonald on the JRE? I've never seen a boring interview with Norm Macdonald and I'd love to hear him for 3 hours with Joe... even if they talk about fuckin' wolves or kale or whatever. I think Norm would keep it very funny. #NormOnJRE -- is that catchy? Someone come up with this shit and get it together.
What's the balance, Joe Rogan?
Holy this this guy is fucking hilarious. You sir got +1 fan right here !
Great interview until you got to bashing Trump and the right and conservatives with the russian conspiracy crap...
Is this skipping towards the end for everyone else?
Obviuosly we already legislate behavior. Its preposterous that willing giving someone a disease should be less of a crime! WTF?
Jamie’s the man
We need another with Duncan
HA, Joe's coughin through the whole show but says he ain't smokin. Lyin ass.
Film a vid of you banging your wife in the new studio, Joe!
during these podcasts I feveriously masturbate 6 or 7 times or until I am dehydrated and or run dry and then i eat capn crunch naked
why not have a third camera with a wide view of the whole room?
A workplace doesn't pay for condoms so why the fuck would they pay for birth control? Stupid as fuck thinking going on there.
Paranoia? From the no side-effects plant? Wha?
Aerosmith and Run DMC getting together to do Walk this Way- that's what America is about. \n\nThe brilliance of that observation is not being sufficiently recognized.
Greg Dog for the love of everything please stop shaking
When I was a kid I was super into the alien and predator movies. I still am.\nEdit: Also thanks for talking about dicks for like 20 minutes, really cool of you.
If anyone knows someone who is abusing children and doesn’t name them or contact authorities they should be charged with the crime\nAs well. Really enjoyed your show and not that you care but by admitting to knowing such info and not doing anything u lost a listener :-(
better to have 10,000 'real' followers than 100,000 fake followers. Fake followers are useless!
Original bulldogs where bred to control cows in butchers yards before refrigeration when meat was killed on site at the butcher shop.
You can be in a nice area and find trouble anywhere. Some people say fuck the suburbs and roll out to valley LA and Compton but hey that's just me
Joe  ima look you in the eyes now rogan
White kids wanting to be thug is about rebellion, not wanting to associate with something hardened. These kids might have grown up privileged but they see their parents as phoney and superficial. And because they likely worked all the time, those white kids were likely - what we used to call years ago - latch-key kids.  They are pissed at their parents so they gravitate to the one thing that will really rankle their ire; embrace the Black Urban lifestyle.\n\nI grew up in these kind of neighborhoods and knew of white kids in HS who acted this way just to piss their parents off. They did love rap music, but took it to the extreme with the dress and garb. Now, being in our late 30's, these white kids are in polo's and cargo shorts taking family selfies. It's a phase, and most black people know it's just a phase. It's why they get angry with appropriations on that level because there isn't a genuine intent to appreciate the culture. There were ulterior motives from the beginning. As soon as the white kids went college and realized their hip hop look got them ostracized by Blacks and silently shunned by whites, they jumped right back to the safe white culture fence.\n\nIf you're going to stand for a culture, go all the way. Don't stick your toe in the water to make a micro aggressive statement, but when ish gets deeper on a macro level you want out. All it would take is a few hardcore thugs running up on ole Cheddar Chet Hanks, and he'd change his look to mirror the 40 year old Virgin.
http://www.ebaumsworld.com/videos/the-essence-of-joe-rogan-summed-up-in-under-a-minute/85495933/ \n\nFuck you watch it. I cried a little.
I love Jamie’s laugh! He only giggles at the most killer of lines.
Now here's what's interesting about these dicks.\n\n-Joe Rogan, 2017
The purple doesn't translate, guys, it basically looks black/ gray. The red was way more classy looking ......
I saw a clip and thought something looked different so I came here to find that you are in a new spot
It took me awhile but I'm as dumb as a box of rocks that's why I took me awhile why I like Joe Rogan cuz we have something in common we're both stupid as a box of rocks it hurt hurt me. Come to this conclusion just the way it is
you can tell Greg thinks Jamie's a cuck...
Tom Hanks should have his son put down..
Purple Rain ☔️ is talking about when singularity awards you with a surreal reality ... Blue and Red mix to become Purple ... teaching you lif is what you make it ... Many enlightened people see purple lights everywhere when enlightened ...
51:45 that impression is indistinguishable from actual Joey Diaz
53:50 i listen to your podcast while i do lots of other things. i can listen to your podcast while im working on any number of projects. i have seen practically everyone i know set there and fiddle with their phones while watching tv, talking to people in the room, the fools are on their phones while they do everything.
I'm very perturbed by Joe looking at the camera so often
I've been a habitual pot smoker for the past 9 years and joined them and haven't smoked since October 1st and it's like nothing changed. There's times when I'm with friends and what not that are smoking and I'm tempted but I don't need it. It's a lot easier than I thought it would be the only thing that's changed really is I fall asleep later than I usually would've.
Parkinson's isn't shaking the way Greg is, he probably just has a bit of ADHD. Probably why he's so good at comedy
Enough stand up guys on the podcast damn
Completely agree on the Cultural Appropriation aspect of the Podcast
Kiss blows, Led Zeppelin....they got a few good songs at best
Rick Bayless! I love that guy... Mexico: One Plate at a Time. Such a great cooking show. Anyways, whoever criticized him for 'cultural appropriation' needs to get a goddamn life.
A dog in a restaurant has to be a service dog. SD's are only for disabilities.\n Emotional support, or ESA, only permit dog for housing, not full public access. Either that person had a disability or wasn't supposed to have the dog there. \nGrats on ur nice studio.
joe rogan on this historic podcast in the new studio has rained down godly bliztzards on tom hank's son.
Joe this isn't working out bud, I'm definatly gonna need at least one podcast a night. :P
American bulldogs are the best fucking dogs in the world. They are truly the sweetest murderers in the world. 😂
#WhoWasItGreg ??????
'Stand- up Comedian' ,,,,, yep.... NEXTTTTTTT
I miss the Jimmi poster!!
Limo Life ha ha ha haaaa ahhhhh
Dredds get washed joe not brushed or combed fatty fingers
Joe i'll tell ya off-air rogan
joe get thunderfoot on your podcast :)
Joe I''m a cuck Rogan
new blade runner is fuckin awesome
Wait for it, wait for it...2:27:41
Joe  all dogs came from wolves  Rogan
The itty bitty titty committee.  A+
1:11:41 Anatomical survey..or something. Hahah
HARE KRISHNA!!!
GRAPEFRUIT SIMMONS!
I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about Greg Fitzsimmons is just profoundly unlikeable. Dude's vibe is off.
Joe saying nigger is ok but I'm not saying it Rogan
Seriously Joe, you can't out a pedophile because of the Industry? That's some horse shit bud.
the color of the bricks behind joe's face clash with his skin color, Jamie get on it!
Joe The little dog,he's not that little,Rogan
Get George w Bush and edgie brah on the same show
Joe Kinnison had a bit Rogan
That brick wall looks dull as fuck
like cumming after getting a prostate removal..\n\nwhat the fuck?
I thought Joe Perry was from scottsburg, Indiana.  he is always there
The more I watch Fleurs videos, the more I want to meet her for a cuppa and just chat!  Xx
Is this a shopping channel?
wow that pink-red scarf is amazing!!
S
Cute, cute, cute!!!   Looking fab, Fleur!
Airforce blue maybe? 🤔 xx
Why are you trending ?
Fleur, you must try Common Projects sneakers - so comfy!!!
http://videofullhd.info/5_kashias8.html
Awesome
Get it girl 👌🏽👌🏽
You look fantastic!
you should try Paltalk
Шо за піздєц?
natural light is okay with me, cause it's more real street looking when you tried on many clothes.
I like this for hauls and the other for more close up, like for tutorials, makeup, etc.
The dusty cardigan with the waist cinching suites you really well! 😊
I don't think this camera looks less professional! Works great for haul videos!
You look so pretty and your hair so shiny!! You should definitely put down what lipstick you're wearing in your description box, I always look for it and its never there!
I need a new cardigan...I had a really nice white one but I spilled permanent paint on it (I didn't know it at the time) and it's in a really obvious place. Totally heartbroken.\n\nGreat video! I have an awesome color block scarf from Anthropologie that reminds me of your Zara one!\n\nI like the vlog camera as I think it is the best at capturing natural light (which is also easier on my sensitive eyes) but I'm also not picky. :)
I love that chenille sweaters are popular this season. Zara has one that would fit over your bump! SO SOFT
I don't mind this set up for a more casual vibe but prefer the usual set up x
I like the set up with the vlog camera! You also look stunning in this video!x
Please could you look into the lens rather than at yourself in the viewfinder with these types of videos? \nIt's just a little off putting having you look up rather than directly forward.
Black lampshades with dark throw look fabulous, Fleur!
I'm sick of seeing this Toni and guy ad before every YouTube video!!!
I love this video, and I prefer this camera, it's wonderfullly sharp.
Your love of scarves will come in handy when Bub arrives, cover breast leakage if you breastfeed and vomit or poop if it gets on you. Love the grey scarf.
I loved this! Its great seeing autumnal pieces that can be used during pregnancy because I think a lot of pregnant women just want to feel like they're in normal clothes. I liked the camera too, personally I would just used it for the rest of your pregnancy if it's easier 😛
I’d call the cardi towards the end “denim blue”
you look so beautiful, Fleur! love the hair...it looks amazing!\nloved all the pieces...especially the scarf from zara and the coat! \nthe setup is just fine! go with it!❤️😘
Fleur you look amazing pregnant! So glowing and your hair grew loads too! Good luck and keep posting these videos, love your vlogs with mike, you too are such cuties!xx
What lipstick are you wearing, Fleur? Love the video ♥️
I really like the “less professional” look! I liked youtube much more 5 years ago, so a video that is (still very well made) not like a professional TV production is refreshing:)
Love this video too and your set up is very good - nothing to change Fleur. Could you also make a video at some point of your preferred brands for basics such as knitwear, scarfs etc. Thanks!
The two piece black dress is beautiful on you!
If you like that floaty style, there’s a brand called “LOGO” on QVC that is all lovely and comfy like that. You might find a few more pieces that you’d like!
Love the new setup!
You look fab and loving your hair
You have such a nice voice, I want you on my sat Nav 😀
Yes keep using this camera~ its loads better (no blurry back ground) woo hoo x
If u sub me I will sub back , let's help each other out xxxxx
Love the All Saints 2 pc. However, you won't wear it after. Trust me! So enjoy wearing it now and for the rest of your pregnancy. You look gorgeous! x
The All Saints two piece set is so pretty!
You should try and invest in maternity clothing that doubles as nursing clothing.  You'll thank yourself when you've had the baby and need clothes to wear when the relatives/friends come over in the first month and you're still in pain from the birth (when you can't go out or don't have time to online shop haha).
LOVE this camera! Also it's fun seeing you in slightly ditzy baby brain mode :'D
I must say I prefer the normal setting to this... Love watching u!
Need more lighting it’s a bit dark
I never wore maternity clothing while pregnant  not even jeans
Aww what a lovely haul and absolutely love seeing you so happy :D
Great Autumn Haul....love your purchases!  Thanks for sharing with us.
I think the two cardigans you got in Paris will look very nice with a plain tight white t-shirt tucked into jeans (for non-pregnant wear in the future). 💖
Which vlog camera do you use Fleur? Loved this! Xo
Love this camera set up, I  feel more at home visiting you when it is less Professional....
the jumper/dress is amazing! you look so so good in it!
I like this camera a lot! X
Grey Scarf from Asos looks more blue on camera? I love my chunky scarf too in winter and a less chinky material mix polyester and cotton when there is a chill in the air. I love like a wine colour coat or a deep green during winter season's. Also knee boots and ankle shoes. And wouldn't be winter if you don't have chunky jumpers too which i love to wear when the cold weather comes in.
Like vlog setup and if it's easier then do it - you're gonna need all the shortcuts in the world to make life easier once the baballoo arrives.  Be kind to yourself honey.
Love pregnant Fleur! You're so chilled and spacy LOL
Number 3 on trending! Wowee. I like this camera, I like the informality for a change. It's like Skyping a friend. And bless you for looking so happy with your lovely bump xx
Oh my god!! That All Saints dress!!! 😍
I think you have the best style, always feel like I need to do some serious shopping after I watch your hauls!
Those Vans sneakers just reminded me of a boy who was lying to me and was a complete jerk, and he always wore those shoes and nothing else, he just liked them so much. I did have a crush on him at first because he seemed so nice, but eventually he showed his real face. I hate being reminded of him, but oh well... xD Love the scarfs though! <3
Pregnancy really suits you - you are truly glowing xx
I love the setup.  And all the sweaters!
Loving this setup! As well as the fun extra comments from the pregnancy brain haha x
1: your hair is AMAZING\n2: I like the normal set up for tutorials and favorites, but this is ok for first impressions and reviews - it's up to you anyway.\n3: I love the fact that you mix pregnant clothes with normal clothes. My friend is pregnant and she's had enough of pregnant clothes.
I'd like a mix of both camera style :)
I like both of them 😊 but this is way more cozy😄
i like your necklace Fleur! i like either set up.. the cut aways with this one it was kinda hard to see good. like was that a high low sweater? or was a longer piece attached? also, buy yourself a nice clothes steamer! changed my life girl! xo editing.. buy the steamer and then say In your face Mike De Force! LOL xoxoxo
I like when u film on blog camera even tho it looks less professional but when u can and have time film on the DSLR.
❤️ U ,  just a tip for sneakers I use baby wipes to clean the white parts and they can look new for as long as they are loved.
Hold the phone.....'soopergus?!!'\n\nI thought they were called super-gas?!!
Fleur you need a handheld steamer!!  It is seriously life changing - no more ironing ever!  Works perfectly on something like that top you have and you can travel with it as well.
Love this style of video. The clothing you selected all looks great on you.
Get a steamer! I hate ironing (and am terrible at it), but steaming things is way less annoying and just as effective for most women’s clothing.
Loving your hair Fleur, such a gorgeous colour 😍 Camera quality is great with your vlogging camera xx
Amazing video Fleur loved it 😍😍😍 and is trending now as #3 🎉🎉🎉
Anyone else sleeping in their bed and watching crap videos just because they have nothing elss to do.
You should totally do a trainers / tennis shoes collection video! 😄
Both set-ups are great. It just depends on the type of videos you're filming. It's also nice to switch things up every now and then.
I love that pink cardigan! :)
I prefer the other setup but nice video!
Just FYI, it's extremely bad Feng Shui to put a mirror over your bed!!!!!
if you find ironing difficult, get a hand steamer! they come as cheap as 20 quid on amazon. i used mine every morning, so much easier than getting the iron and ironing board out ;)
I think the vlog setup is cool
Get off the fucking trending
Love it Fleur!!!! You are by far my fav youtuber 💝💝💝💝
The colour of that deep red coat is really lovely
The color of that blue cardigan looks absolutely gorgeous on you with that lip and your hair color! Looking stunning as ever!
I don't mean this in a bad way but the baggy clothes totally hides the bump. You could only really see the bump when you move your hands around it. It kind of makes (all pregnant women not just you) look bigger than you are because that bump is hidden under all the fabric. Sweaters are totally an exception but when it comes to dresses and shirts i think its more flattering to be in a stetchy almost skin tight (without actually being tight) top that way you don't look frumpy you just look pregnant. In the end just wear whatever you are comfortable in! I just think baby bumps are cute and should be shown off.
I love your videos! I have been having a awful month and your channel always makes me smile and just forget about everything else going on. Thank you so much!
Pregnancy brain is a real thing medically! All your blood is going to the baby and not your brain! (;
You will wear those cardigans nonstop with like a black nursing tank if you are going to breastfeed. That will be your uniform for awhile;) but the cardigans you picked out are so cute you will look great doing it! Great style as always!
Love the blue cardigan on you. The blue looks good with your skin tone 👍
It’s a little hard to see the clothes when you’re trying it on because of the window in the background
The quality looks great! Perfect for hauls and reviews. However, I think I'd prefer the other camera for makeup tutorials and get ready with me type videos. XO
Loved your haul Fleur and yea this video quality  is perfect , you are looking beyond glowing. 😘🙏😘✨🌟😘
Great haul! Love the vlog setup! Love you!!
Give your scarves a wash with loads of fabric softener before you wear them. Stops the fluffing
This project has been an emotional roller coaster for me but I'm happy with the way Fantasy turned out. Thank you George for believing in me. And thank you David for talking me into finishing it after George passed. Love, Nile\nP.S. Dear Mister Cyborg, I did not reply to you to hurt your feelings, only to give you clarity, if in fact you are a GM fan.
WHY IS THIS #7 ON TRENDING \n\nOH WAIT\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBECAUSE HE IS A LEDGENED
Am I still in 2017?
Such a awesome version.... Nile has done a great job
Everyone loosen your arsehole with poppers this is gunna be good.
I JUST LOVE THIS! Thank you David, Nile.. everyone who obviously worked so hard on it. Love and miss you forever, Yog xxx #georgemichael #georgemichaelfreedom #listenwithoutprejudice
Have you heard of Rob Lombardi?! I think they made a clone. And I'm not kidding folks. And he actually did some fill-in work for George when George wouldn't do the promotion. They hired Rob Lombardi
Nostalgic!!! There is only one George.  No one like him, now and forever.
I like this a lot, thanks Nile, I wanted to listen to more George after watching his film tonight on TV, he had his troubles but what an artist, one of the best voices the UK has ever produced,  you will be missed Rest In Peace George xx
I have just watched his film on TV, and feel very sad for us all we have lost a great talent far too soon, Rest In Peace George x
This is edited very well. But it's just to sad to think about the fact that George is gone. I'm only 21 and I don't think there will ever be another artist who can match what GM accomplished in the music industry. 💔
I watching this 1mio in replay😍
That Nile Rodgers always adds that bit extra,with his CHIC sound.....
It's like he's alive!
2:16 (from Spinning the Wheel) is so badass cool. He was so gorgeous. He just didn't see it.
he will never be gone.in are hearts and minds forever. as he said this will never be repeated so for him is dream as come true. we love and truly miss  one special talented man. GM for history and future xx
Aww love it! Will love this man forever. ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ 💋
George, magic for ever....
Fantasy can be the escape from reality that becomes the reality you fantasize about
Brilliantly put together.....keep them coming and let his music live until the end of time.
Forever and Ever in Our hearts <3
George Michael Will Be Missed.. <3
Love it! Love it!! I so love the fact that they made George sing this on video...George lives! Love you so much! Life is not the same without you....
Love it, miss you George rest easy up their in heaven
My mum said you died but your alive 😱😱😱😱😱😱
Nile Rogers ruined what was already a great song!!!
How was this made if he’s sadly not alive?....
So he came back to life
Wow.   What a great mix.  A big thanks to the think tank for the video.
Some things are better left alone
I think he's stuck in the 90s
George Micheal sings very well from beyond the grave
Someone tell me what did I just watched 😵😭☠️
i can't stop watching this i love this video 💓bless George x
Very average, a 'new' release should have been something special. This isn't.
This ls in a whole other level...I am feeling high!
How the fuck is this in trending?!?! XD?! Wait.... did he die on this day?!
Omg! this is absolutely amazing!!! I love it!
This blew me away - outstanding! Miss u George😘😢
This makes the song better
We lost a good one. My first concert was Wham!
i still cant believe he is no more😢😢😢
I ❤️ thissss
Amaaazing video mashup!!! BIG ups to Nile Rodgers & RIP George \n👏🏼❤️🎶
Othe great artist gone
Snappy snaps that's all!
Awesome.
And that was literally an expression of a true hate to me so a price of hate...
3:20 mmh...\ndid you turn around?
Man, he could act!! I love this <3
AMAZING
This looks like it was made by some random youtuber.
Genius
Nice. Really nice.  Rest well in heaven, brother Michael.
Whoever put this together did an absolutely BRILLIANT job!  Very well done.
Share and like the video please ❤️❤️💕💕
Wat a great man
I miss him so much RIP George Michael❤️🙏🏻
Terrific, amazing, i’m Dancing, i’m Happy!!!! This is awesome
Best singer, best song and best clip EVER!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I love this thank you so much. I really truly love this.❤❤
Love the tribute😍😘❤💕. I still can't believe that he's gone, R.I.P George Michael😞😢😭💔
i Need the MTV Unplugged on VINYL!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
OMG This so cool I fan girl let get this to trending to 1
144p video quality for full nostalgia effect.
I thought he was dead....
I miss you, George
its amazing what a man he was
As a non George Michael fan I must say though this is superb.well done Niles.!
What happens when George Micheals finds out what YouTube stabiliser is
I think George would love it. Tastefully done. What a loss for the world. Miss you George
Good video. The visuals are really good
Love this
I'm bawling my eyes out!!! This was a perfect way to honor George Michaels legacy!!! Rest in peace George Michael!!! You are dearly missed!!! 😭❤🕇
Buy his new album on iTunes NOW!
I don’t like this.
This video is brilliant. You were really great. I feel great joy and tremendous pain to look at it. The tears do not go away for his absence. He had to come back to us. Now I pray that he will be happy with Lesley and Anselmo. We look forward to seeing him again.
This is AMAZING! Thank you for giving us new Ge😍rge to enjoy! It kind of feels like he's still with us...if only! This video truly made me happy and I smiled!
Musikalisch hat er zu Lebzeiten bessere Songs abgeliefert....!
AMAZING!!!
Terrible
What an amazing video!
Yep..LEGIT!
Love it !!
Amazing:* love your songs GM❤
Gone too soon :(
RIP🙏🏻👏🏻
Awsome Video ❤❤❤
Wow clever...
My GOD! Love Love Love!
O melhor  !
I miss you RIP
Gorgeous - Greek Immortal God !!!
Very good
Brilliant!   THANK YOU!
It’s cool
lindo te amo !!!
RIP GEORGE ❤
Será recordado siempre como la voz más hermosa y ser humano maravilloso.Su creatividad musical y sus momentos divertidos eran chéveres. Descansa en paz mi querido Georgio.
So people can release songs from their grave now?
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU PERFORM ON FRIDAY
Sounds like the ghost bit might've been inspired by Scarrie? 😉 I'M SUPER EXCitED FOr ThE NeW BOOK
How do you come up with such creative names ? x
I’m sure YA readers will love it.
So exciting for me in the US who loves all the things you just described! Congrats!!
Yay a link for us in Australia!! Thank you Carrie, this made my day!!! \nAs a pit musician this sounds right up my alley xx
I'M SO EXCITED IT'LL BE AVAILABLE IN THE US. THAT MAKES ME SO HAPPY. YAAAAASSSSS.
Carrie, if you haven't already, please listen to the musical Curtains because I think you would love it, it's a show within a show and a musical whodunnit and it sounds right up your street
I have a book recommendation for you! It's probably the most amazing book I have read this year, apart from On The Other Side of course. It's called 'The Night Circus' and it was written by Erin Morgenstern. It is truly amazing and each of the characters are gorgeous and profound. Here's the blurb and I hope that one day you can find and enjoy this book as I have.\nIn 1886 a mysterious travelling circus becomes an international sensation. Open only at night, constructed entirely in black and white, the Cirque des Rêves delights all who wander its circular paths and warm themselves at its bonfire. There are contortionists, performing cats, carousels and illusionists - all the trappings of an ordinary circus. But this is no conventional spectacle. Some tents contain clouds, some ice. The circus seems almost to cast a spell over its aficionados, who call themselves the rêveurs - the dreamers. And who is the sinister man in the grey suit who watches over it all? Behind the scenes a dangerous game is being played out by two young magicians, Celia and Marco, who, at the behest of their masters, are forced to test the very limits of the imagination - and of love. A feast for the senses, a fin-de-siècle fantasia of magic and mischief, and the most original love story since The Time Traveler's Wife, The Night Circus is an extraordinary blend of fantasy and reality. It will dazzle readers young and old with its virtuoso performance, and who knows, they might not want to leave the world it creates.
Carrie, how wonderfully exciting! This book sounds like it's going to have so much heart. Also please keep releasing books in July, so far they've always been released near my birthday so they're birthday presents! 💛
OH MY GODDD!!! I'm so excited and so ready to fall in love with this book!!! AHH☺️🎉
Yyyaaaaaaaaayyyyyy!!!!! I’m so excited! I finally get to read your book!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
the Southern Cross is an Aussie constellation so I automatically love it!
As someone working in the theatre industry, I am INCREDIBLY excited to read this book!!!!!! It sounds incredible
AGH CARRIE! You're coming out with books so quickly I can't keep up! Haha I'm so excited for you though!
AAAAAH CARRIE IM SO PSCHED I’ve only read All That She Can See but I loved it so much I don’t think I’ll ever forget it. Can’t wait to read all of your stuff and THISSSS
This plot sounds so awesome! Cannot wait to get it in my hands next July, just in time for my birthday!
You honestly inspire me so much to write whenever I can. I have to write a novella for a writing class rn and I am so overwhelmed because I've only ever completed short stories and I have 4 other classes, a part time job, club stuff for my honor' s society, and unexpected family and friend obligations. But if you can churn out novel after novel alongside 2 other careers and who knows what else than damn it I have time!
It comes out on my birthday omg I’m SO ready
Oh you threw me. I thought it was a 'what i am doing after Addams' announcement.....but yes, another book is good too 😀
That is exciting! I look forward to it from across the pond! :) <3
This is incredible news! I'm so happy for you and so happy for us to get to enjoy your magical words x
Omg I want to read your books so bad but I haven't even got the chance to get a hold of them (haven't even read the first) but I'm very happy and excited for u Carrie!!!!!
I AM SO EXCITED THERE ARE NO WRODS
YOUR RELEASING A BOOK ON MY BIRTHDAY O MY GOD IM EXCITED YOU ARE SUCH A BIG INSPIRATION TO ME CARRIE 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
IM SO EXCITED!! I CANT WAIT TO FINALLY READ A CARRIE BOOK
is there any way to contain my excitement ????????? no
Finally available in the US as soon as it comes out!!! I COULD NOT BE MORE EXCITED!! I cannot wait!!
Finally!!! So excited to finally get a copy of your book in the States.
There is not a thumbs up button big enough for how excited I am for this! <3 Is it July 2018 yet?
Serious? I'm birthday twinning with Oliver!!
When I found this YouTube channel, I felt like I found my place. These two things I love so much, theatre and the online platform, joined together by a beautiful and clever personality. When you became a fiction author, I thought it couldn't be more perfect. But you've done it, Carrie. You've done it. You've written you fantastical world into a novel and I couldn't be more excited. Thank you.
It cost me over twelve pounds to ship your book here to the states. Couldn't you just mail me one page at a time? :)
As a US person I am so excited!!!! Congrats on being able to go international with this one!
This book sounds so perfect and it comes out on my birthday!! I'm so excited 💓💓💓
Sounds like a really fun read!  Any chance it will be available in Canada?
So I guess us living in the rest of America don't really matter... Well...
More wonderful stories from you is the best news! Gonna pre-order it right now! <3 EEEP indeed!
Ahhhhh! Yay! I haven't had a chance to read one of your books yet, Carrie, living in Canada, so I'm super excited that I'll finally be able to easily get my hands onto one of them! Its release date also happens to be on my birthday, so this'll be a super nice present for me. :) <3
So excited to read this. Theatre and writing are two of my favourite things as well
Buying my ticket for the BOOK HYPE TRAIN
I'm SO happy it's gonna be out here in the US! I have your other two, but they cost an arm and a leg to get them! 😫
Finally! As someone in America I've been wanting your books for so long. I even had a friend from Wales find me any copy! Of course the one she found was the side novel to the other so I'm afraid to read it and be confused since I didn't read the original. But one day! One day I shall have them all! But I'm at excited!
I can see the fan art already <3
I'll admit that I haven't read your other books, but I'm SUPER excited for this one. Multiple timelines! The theatre! GHOSTS!!
really like the title
Yay! I’m so thrilled to be able to get my own copy!
Sooo goooood! and All that she can see should be a movie or series!Gosh! Love images you create through words! ❤️❤️❤️
YASSSS getting this book in New Jersey!!!
SO flipping excited! I've devoured all of your books so far and I've loved every second of it. I can't wait!
Yelled when I heard your announcement. Literally screamed when I realized the book comes out on my birthday. I could not be more excited 😭😭😭 love you SO much Carrie ❤️
July 12 is my birthday!
Oooh it’s coming out on my birthday! Very exciting!
Is it divided in two parts? 1st is 1952 2nd is modern day. Or does it change chapter to chapter?
You had me sold when you announced it was another book... but Moulin Rouge meets Phantom of the Opera?? I NEED THIS NOW!!!! <3
AAAAH I AM SO EXCITED I WANT IT. THANK YOU CARRIE!!
This is so GOOD. I CAN READ A CARRIE FLETCHER BOOK!! <3 I have a question...in light of the recent Hollywood revelations about sexual assault and predatory actions, will you incorporate some of the darker sides of the performing arts industry? Or am I totally missing the point/mixing the theatre and film industry too much. It just seems super relevant now, and might be for a long time yet, it would be really great to see raw aspects portrayed, rather than romanticising the industry. Although it does sound freaking incredible, and I guess books ARE an escape. Anyways! Thoughts? x
Every time Carrie announces a new book, I get a kick up the butt to make progress on mine :) Congrats Carrie!
It's out on my birthday!
FINALLY!! I am so excited to FINALLY get a Carrie Hope Fletcher novel without having to travel to England to get it. (P.S. I'm a broke veterinary student, and have never been able to make that trip. So first CHF novel EVER.)
Was gonna pre-order but i have no clue where i'll be living a by then and i'm scared i'll forget i pre ordered it and not change the address :/
I'm so excited I'll be able to get it here!!! :D
I got goosebumps when listening to you reading the blurb... I’m so excited !!!
Carrie...you mentioned me and my letter in your last video and I'm so excited!!! You signed all of my books by you at stage door in Glasgow on the 12th and I can't wait for you to bring out your next one!!!!!🖤🖤
I am SO proud of you and how far you have come Carrie. I will forever admire you and all you have done so far xxx
You remind me of an older, british version of myself. I love you xoxox
It would be really cool if you did a video on how you're researching the time period (1952). It's extra challenging to write something set in a different world to our own and I'd be interested to hear how you tackle it!
Moulin Rouge! meets Phantom of the Opera oh my gooood, you just put together two of my favourite things!! I'm so excited!!
Yay! TOO EXCITED!!! ❤️ The perfect summer time reading 👍
Oliver and I have the same birthday!!!!
THATS SO CLOSE TO MY 19TH BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Saw you in Addams Family this evening!!! Absolutely LOVED it (waited at stage door but didn't manage to meet you but that's cool we met Sam and Oliver though aaaaa) sang Happy Birthday for Oliver when he came out it was amazing I loved it thank you so much for such a wonderful evening!!
Ooh this sounds really cool!! Excited to read it :D
I love her hair so much
Ahhhh So Much EXCITEMENT!!!! Can I preorder if although I’m in Australia? You did say US but I’m guessing international includes us Aussies, please hehe 😊❤️
more like On The Other Side meets Phantom Of The Opera :P love the idea!!
Will Canada be included in the international release? If not who do I need to get in touch with at Indigo (our biggest nation wide book chain) to bring your books over?
Chills just chills can't wait sounds so good
Ok this sounds, so amazing!
Wow!!! That sounds AMAZING!!!
Oh YAY!
I. AM. SO. EXCITED
EEEEP.  <3
okay, that sounds amazing
This sounds amazing! So excited!!!
YESSS FINALLY
IM SO EXCITED
I CANNOT WAIT!!!!
That IS exciting!!
HOLY MOLY YES! I CANT WAIT!!!!
Im not readyyyyyyy
I'M SO HECKIN EXCITED
#SCARRIEGHOSTHUNTS
love your glasses
AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
VERY GOOD NEWS.
Sounds magical :D
eeeeppppp
YAAAAAAAAAASSSSS!!!!!! So excited for this!!!!
Love it
I saw this wandering spider in our bathroom seriously I'm not lying.\n\n\nPS I will never go to Costa Rica!!:-)
Can't you just stick to small ants, and bees? Why do you have to mess with spiders, im petrified of them
Brazilian wandering spider is the deadliest spider on the 🌎
Nothing a can of hairspray and lighter couldn't handle...lol
That's a snek
Hey Coyote! Can you do an episode on the Japanese Giant Hornet? If it's too unsafe, then it is fine!
Scorpions are fairly easy to gauge and he should know this... Large pinchers, small sting. Small pinchers, big sting.
Is that wandering sider also in the family of wolf spiders because wolf spiders are also incredibly fast
it was my bday on the 19th of october and im getting your book!!
7:33 Is it just me or does it looks like it has a mini dog head
Ah hell na, if I see that running around, lemme just get my RPG.
Just step on it JUST STEP ON IT
I love how it just seethes and glares at Coyote the whole time.\nI keel you!\nI keel you!\nYeah, unlike most spiders these ones are not just misunderstood.  They are violent and vindictive.
This is the “Nope” Spider.
Biological landmine is what my friends call me.
is this a brazilian wandering spider?
Idk why I watch your videos in my bed before falling asleep. Now I think this spider will be in my room while I’m sleeping.
Dude I swear you are crazy af!! Much respect to you!!
Aren't these spiders the ones that give you 4 hour long painfull erections?
You should go to Australia to find some bigger and more dangerous creatures like if You agree
That spider had his little condo in a tree minding his or her own bidness. Dayum. fewl.
I wonder if the spider just had like an alien abduction type deal.  He's going to go to his spider friends like Bruh, You're never going to believe what happened last night.
Awesome.\nthis is gonna be my natgeo wild for a while.
Let me be a part of your money making machine
SOMEONE GIVE THIS GUY A TV SHOW
I was wandering what that spider does
Haha at  5:35 I thought that big thing in the tree was the spider !!!
He's definitely wild! This guys passion is second to none! But please, enough with the next Steve Irwin remarks. Until he handles an Inland Taipan or man handles saltwater crocs, it's not even close. Stay wild!
Did anyone else see that spider on the chamelon 5:07
Way to promote fear in place of understanding. Was the horror movie soundtrack totally necessary? It's stuff like this that diminishes the field of biology. You should be educating, not fear mongering.
Come to Australia, the whole country is a landmine
Who else was laying down and checked out sheets when he said the spider could be under 👀?
Yeah, I'll let you do the exploring Coyote. That place with all those spiders is my worst nightmare.
Having the balls to wander the rain forest at night is impressive enough
Man the first video I watch Of Coyote I thought he was an Awesome Person nowing about a lot of animals. Is Watching him free handing a black widow now that's Insane. 😅Now it's a year or two that I been watching Coyote Peterson youtube. Video thanks for the awesome tips on dangerous creatures and animals to come across with even bears.
Congratulations y’all’s newest video is trending number 25 can grads
Anyone feel the same After watching the video i felt spiders all over my body 😫😰
Man i will never want to go to a rain forest
Well, I guess it's time to throw away Nope-sta Rica....
*foot long spiders on house* oh no big deal 😂
I hate spiders but I’m still watching
Drinking game. Shot every time he says “biological land mine”
This just reminds me of why I never go outside
Here we see the Greater South American NOPE in it's natural habitat. \n\nPlease excuse me while I burn the entire building down.
This man deserves a Grammy
Yet I'm scared of a mosquito! LOL
Awesome so when are you gonna have ur own show on animal planet ?
There is one way to get rid of unwanted spiders. All you need is axe body spray and a lighter.
Lol this is number 23 on the trending page😂
How does he walk around that jungle dragging those balls of steel
Wait he’s not gonna let it bite em?
I'm not sure if the spider
You should find a banana spider tho not dangerous they can get really big and look really scary
I've been a fan before you even hit 1 million subs not to show off but if ur reading this I like your content
Literally the first 20 minutes or so there was venomous spiders, venomous snake, and a venomous scorpion oh hell nahhh
Im never going to costa rica
i want to see you do a video on the Brown Recluse
It's so hard for me to watch these since I hate spiders 0~0
The most dangerous and it jumps?\nGOD PLEASE NERF
can you go in philippines it would be awesome if you do
10 seconds in and I pause to leave this comment before exiting the video because of arachnophobia.
I love to have one of them spiders I all ready have six eye sand spider- and scorpions
Where can I get one as a pet?
http://checkgirlxxx.info/12_kieuguirol79.html
Dude!!! You have some balls!!!
RIP Camera Man
cool now do a huntsman coyote!
4 inches enormous? Sweet
Hello Coyote Peterson
Black mamba next
Lemon vs bannana
Nopesta-rica. The nopesta-rican jungle. Full of nopemines. Nope.
Id rather literally die
Hard to watch
any1 else itchy.
Ech.
im scared of spider
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwww
Crazy legs
Brown recluse?
Biological landmine, Biological landmine BOI
*every*
B I O L O G I C A L  L A N D M I N E S 💯👏
Get stung by a great white shark next
GO TO THE HOOD & LOOK FOR SPIDERS!
And now I'm eerily aware of hiding place in my room.
Never know why I click on a video that has a spider even tho I have Arachnophobia 🤔🤔🤔
Right when it climbed out i would've just been like nope!!!! Step on it well folks that's this week's episode 😂😂
Would you rather trek through the Costa Rican rainforests at night without a flashlight or stroll through the streets of Chicago at night WITH a fully-loaded gun?
please go into the danger zone with the alaskan bull worm!!
That’s not a spider. That’s a mythical creature...
Is anyone else paranoid of this spider now?
This is why i live in canada
My arachnophobia was not enjoying this video
Anyone else when he started talking about the Wandering spider look around them to check if one was near, I did... I live in California
This guy's a modern day Steve Irwin. Surprised his nuts of steel don't slow him down on these treks through the wilderness.
I want to put that spider in my pants lmao.
Nice
HECK NAH TO THE NAH NAH NAHHHHHHH
Hey coyote ive been thingking this for so long why dont you get pinch by a coconut crabs that actualy is a hermit crab but it is bigger...it is call coconut crab because his pinch thing is strong and big enoufe to peel and open a coconut
Omg! Phil is adorable in this! 😍 (Don't get me wrong, I love Dan too! ❤️) But the little Philly! 😍
I cant stop loving her hair!!
I almost had a water birth
Dan looked really hot in this video and then I saw his shirt and died
Ok but this video low key gave me a panic attack and now I probably won't want to have kids
The episiotomy sounds very very painful and makes me not look forward to being a mother one day tbh :c
I wish I had guy friends like Dan and Phil to just openly talk about vaginas and boobs and shiz and have them laugh about it
Placenta in Dutch is moederkoek, which literally means mother cookie
awhh she was gonna call her baby daniellll this is so cute
When they say your brothers name Neo lol
they’re so much taller than her
I only know these terms cause my older sister is 6 months pregnant atm, my little sister has a 1 1/2 year old, and my mom just gave birth to my baby sister 3 months ago. Safe to say I'm good on my pregnancy knowledge for when I decide to have a child lol
Boys name:Daniel\nGirls name:Danielle\n\nLike if you agree😊
I'm not sure if i should be happy that this is how i'm learning more about pregnancy or if i should be worried..\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSorry this was great i'm happy with this video
I actually cringed at the word placenta because of Dan 🤦🏽‍♀️
I would let phil scream at my baby
I love how comfortable both Dan an Phil are with talking about child birth. Even though there were jokes made, they really seemed to take interest in learning these new things about it. And surprisingly they both knew a lot in my opinion. I'm female and I didn't know some of the things that they did.
If they watched Brooklyn nine nine they would know a lot more of these terms
Too cute, you guys are amazing friends.
There was once a time when I was excited to have kids.\n\n\n\nThat time has come and gone.
RETURN OF THE PLACENTA! 2012 Daniel has returned.
I wanna die now. Geesus Christ. Also the whole espitomiamy or whatever I caused to my mom... now I know that, and I wanna go skydive without the parachute.
As soon as I saw those two.. (you know who I Mean) I clicked the hell out of the video XD
After watching all of call the midwife I’m a pro at this stuff
Is it weird that the first thing I said when I saw this was 'Louise is having a baby?! :D Dan and Phil are gonna be uncles!
They're so sweet. I love them.
Can't believe she's pregnant 😭😭😭 so cuuute!!
Just realised theres 4 people in this vid
Doula literally means female slave in greek, why are the english like this
don't wanna be rude but how old is she?
I can't wait in tell her baby watches  this (years later) XD
Louise: Your boob makes basically liquid gold it's like nectar kinda it's so full of nutrients\n\n\nPhil: you should sell it on eBay\n\n\n\n\n*sT0P*
Already knew I never want to have kids. DEFINITELY KNOW I DO NOT WANT TO HAVE KIDS NOW.\n\n(plus im asexual so like, wouldnt happen regardless)
they all look so attractive
i was going to be called Daniel if i was a boy Xx
dan saying alright babe is my new aesthetic
She should name is Danielle
For some moments it felt like a Dan vs Phil... the sticker would be weird
phil's face is super ginger-looking here
amelia/emily? \n(my guess for the baby name)\n\nalso I thoroughly enjoyed this video, thank you
A secret part of the vagina XD oh god I'm dying
Lol when they start talking about water births...
p l a c e n t a  f i c
“I’d look into the jaws of death and be like ‘I’m still gonna be here for my friend.’ I’ll pay for therapy later.” Aw Dan
Louise : what would u do if I went into labor right here \nPhil : Well, i would put a towel down\nDan : Phil the floor would be gone.. 😂
Their faces when she told them a doula is a lady! I'm dead XD
Take a second. Imagine Dan and Phil being fathers.♥️
this is hilarious and louise you look so beautiful!! 😭😭😩😩😩💕
LOUISE IS SO TINY BETWEEN THEM OMG.
Dan's reaction when she said the babys name might have been Daniel gave me life
They are so adorably awkward, 10 years later and I still fan girl 😂
The fact that this is trending makes me v happy
I Was a water birth
Dan saying “Babe” is my religion
I’m wearing the same shirt pattern as Dan...
Omg their answers made me laugh so hard😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'm just crying over the fact that she would have called the baby Daniel
What IS THE BABIES NAME!!!!!!! I must know
i took a few child development classes in high school, so I know all of this...
i want to say something but all of these comments summed up my thoughts
I was laughing when they got goofy.... Still am
“Put some tape on it”\nAnyone put tape on my huch they will have tape all over them and have every little hair on there body pulled.
Honestly this video is amazing. It's educational and dan and Phil were being so polite to Louise and omg that's so precious
i spent 20% of this video aggressively clenching my entire bottom half
When dan and Phil are preparing to be dads\n\n\n\n\nEdit: when she was like but yeah you would be great dads like three men and a baby WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!
My first thought was termination like destruction and I got worried
This is why I'm adopting
Dan said Babe & that made my day!~! ☺️☺️☺️☺️😏☺️
Oml dan and Phil are so tall
Neo means new in Greek, you are welcome
Phil is so precious! All throughout this video he had the most innocent comments! 😂😂😂😂
I learned too much today
it's official, i'm adopting
I thought that was Dan T.D.M. at first in the tumbnail LOL
PhilIts when you got twins and they both come out at the same time\n\nLouiseJESUS CHRIST THAT DOESNT HAPPEN
Can you just..give me a little tickle?\nLower\nLoWer \nLOweR\nLOWER\nI died 😂😂😂😂
Phil: im not gonna stop being amazing\nSo does that mean... Dan *is* on fire?
Dan:\n*Talks about vaginas while doing various hand motions with 4 fingers*
Dan and Phil look like giants compared to her, it's amazing
This was so funny and so sweet
dani snot
hi guys! placenta, right??
Name her Daniela
Congrats on trending 😊😊🎉🎉🎉
“JESUS CHRIST!! That doesn’t happen!” LMAO
Congrats
Doula? Aren’t they called midwives?
Watch it be Fiona
put a towel down 😂😂😂😂
I learnt so much
Uhm philippa does anyone remember
Congrats  on the pregnancy 🤰
You're pregnant!! Congrats!!
awwweee!!! Imagine the baby being Daniel
lowerlower Lower LOWER I'm laughing so hard I'm crafting
Poor Phil looks horrified
Louise literally just said that they'd be great parents together....like did I misunderstand that or did she just say that they'd be great parents together
I think this is the most cringeworthy thumbnail I've seen on youtube.
I think the way Dan and Phil react to vaginas proves they are gay
I feel awkward watching it.
Islam is a cancer
Holy shit that's a title!
Well, what the fuck ? What can't he still be racists if he is gay or somewhat Jew ? Carry on mate.
What's with all the dislikes? Shouldn't we be encouraging Nazis to renounce their movement and beliefs? This man should be honored.
I'm here cause I saw this meme lol
I don't get what so brave about a man who spent most his life hating other people who have a different faith and skin colour to him. He was openly ok with supporting a group who enjoyed harassing and abusing anyone they deemed different. Satisfied turning a blind eye to acts of violence because it didn't affect him, has now seen the error in his actions the moment that hatred was turned on to him. suddenly he see the light, that not brave \nYou spent most your life hating people because really you hate yourself but you only came to that conclusion because you were discriminated. Irony
I call this total BS. Coming out as gay and Jewish at the same time? No way. This wacko was either a CI or he is just mentally unstable. Good riddance traitor, go balls to the wall with your own kind (literally).
Dense cunt. He should have realized Nazism was bad from the beginning.
How far.....\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIn the *closet*
the jew uses every possible means to undermine the racial foundation of a subjugated people
Everybody was skinny and good looking now we're all a bunch of fat bastard's black white jews or goyim . We have all been had. Wakey wakey  😨
My Dad and Uncle literally sticking it to them at 0:11 \nLove this
You cannot be Jewish and a Nazi - straight up! He is a very mentally ill fucking jerk off- gas his gay ass LoL 😁 😀 stupid lol fucking idiot
Largest plot-twist of the century
Britons being Nazis is really stupid. I mean, if Hitler could, he would have killed/enslaved all the Britons.
He's a Neo-Ashkenazi Kazar Jew Supremacist, who suffers from Penis envy and a God Complex...
The son of a B!! Passing an entire life propagating hate with his fists and his money. How many victims during all this time?? And now during his old days he doesn't only highlight his hypocrisy, but he wants peace (for the others or for himself??). Hope your neighboors show as much tolerance as you did all your life!! You ain't a victim, you're a traitor of every single part of your soul. I hope you burn in H with all your litlle friends!
He is now taking cocks up his ass welcome to 21st century
if her mother was part jewish' and her maiden name was benjamin, likely his father was jewish, so she is not *really* jewish. Neither is her son.
Well that changed quickly then
So because nazism has inconvenienced his sexuality... ONLY NOW he rejects it. What’s disgrace, you evil coward. Don’t commend him, he’s not brave, he’s a selfish swine. For years he was part of a movement that was spreading hatred.
Happy he came out. Congratulations
Now in joining the national front.
Interesting how the NF card references Social Justice. They wouldnt try that tactic now, but historically Fascism has been a somewhat chameleonic creed, often immitating their opponents in an attempt to usurp membership. So you had the BNP setting up their own union, french national front setting up (whites only) soup kitchens and so on. Hell some even tried reaching out to black separatists claiming a common cause [fooled nobody]. Ultimately its about confusing people as to who the real enemies are the working class are. Fascists say jews/immigrants/blacks/gays/lefties/etc , anything except the truth which is to say The ruling class
Reminds me of the Hungarian neo-Nazi who found out he was Jewish and changed his ways. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/hungary-mep-antisemitic-moves-to-israel-after-discovering-jewish-identity-csanad-szegedi-a7325451.html
The worst supremacists in history are the ones who claim to be 'God's chosen people'
oh&there were lots of gay nazi's,16 jewish generals&115k jews in Gmn army.must remember 2 doors up 30mn christians had been killed&ancestral lands were taken under commies.Gmnys unforgiveable crime was being outside the world economic systmChurchill.in '37 Gmny left the central bnking systm.before 9/11 Afghan,Iraq,Libya&Somalia werent.now only N.korea,Cuba,Iran&Russia just kicked them out.notice anything?Hitler mostly talked of interntnl financiers&commies,both prediminatly jewish&indeed,Gmny had a commie gvt for 3 days in 1917&revs at home was cause for Gmny losing WW1.Brit refused 12 peace offers from Hitler,with Churchill in the end forcing his ambassadors to refuse access to Gmn ambassadors.Churchill,the arch anti-commie took £40ķ from 'The Focus',same yr his hse was up for sale.from that point he mostly wrote anti-Hitler stuff while most were marveling at Gmnys economic miracle in middle of depression.centrl bnks,like Bnk of Eng&Fed Res,r private cartels that charge interest for $$ gvt should print itself,which we pay in taxes&reason for our depressions,recessions,national debt&too much inflation.USA had little more than 1% inflation for the 100yrs it didnt have c.bnks,2 periods they did bankrupted them in 20yrs both times.Lincoln was killed for issuing greenbacks,Jackson had 4 assassination attempts cz he ended c.bnks.ALL WARS R BANKERS WARS.there were Brit&US factories not bombed in Gmny until allied troops were near&then only around 15% damage.r early raids sometimes missed tgts by 6miles,so,being vital for Gmnys war effort,they mustve been missed deliberately.
Even right wing people can be gay, this isn't news, this is just nature.
It’s a shame. Our grandparent fought in a war for this not to happen and we are doing it too ourselves🙁🙁
An uneducated little boy whose father wasn't around for guidance. The fact that his birth mother was Jewish and he still played Neo-Nazi is a disgrace to his heritage. It just shows that you can't be what they advertise by White supremacist because we all have different race, creed, and religion from ancestry. We can't be 100% of this and that etc.
He certainly enjoys playing the victim, but I think the lady doth protest too much..
Anyone who's left nationalism and wants to convert more people into accepting multiculturalism will not join a group like hope not hate. Why ? Well the answer is simple. Hope Not hate are anti dialogue and seek to stifle debate . You can only change the minds of nationalists with debate and addressing the issues they present  . It's the equivalent  of being a heretic to go join the inquisition
Well let's hope others follow in his footsteps.
round up all the open skin heads world wide and lets just put THEM in concentration camps and gas THEM
faith in humanity has been restored a bit from this news hopefully this will be a wake up call to the other sheep following aholes around who just want to cause harm to tohers.
Jesus Christ- I worry for these peoples mental health who are part of these groups.
Story sounds about as real as a £9 note
He said 6billion being killed bruh, million not billion
The mad thing is I don't see why if their national front and all for England want to share the same views as a group of people who opposed England in ww2 (nazis) bit stupid really mate come on
No sympathy whatsoever. Jews and the LGBT community need to shun this a-hole so he dies alone and unhappy.
As much as I think this guy is retarded, credit where credit is due. At least he came to his sense in the end
Gay, Jewish neo nazi? You know this fools ancestors was giving him a stink *side eye* while others were like what chu talking bout Willis. If that was not some fuckery to the 9th power, what in thee entire fuck?? I would say black Jesus take the wheel, but his liscense is suspended.
What is exactly a neo nazi? He is British, wasn’t the British against nazi?!?
Hitler was part jewish and didnt have blonde hair or blue eyes, weird how these peoples minds work
Jewish Neo-Nazi man, those first two words are mutually exclusive, it's a juxtaposition surely
These people are so full of self hate!
Not all Jews are smart.
jew is not heritage. That's a religion.
One down, a few million worldwide to go
Neo-Nazis are messed up people, that's why most right wingers and conservatives want nothing to do with them
Dammit, I can't wait to play wolfenstien 2.
Kike lover
Gimp. 😑
Nice (((psyop))). Try harder Khazar
should be arrested
It never happened.
nazi punks nazi punks FUCK OFF
ROFL
Coward.
Plot twist
Yes, the far right and the far left attract the scum of society, many people with alternative lifestyles seem to join them. I look at the far right in this country and i see tribal football hooligans, that tat themselves, smoke drink drug and like violence. they are the epitome of everything degenerate Hitler saw in Berlin Wiemar republic, which Hitler himself detested, which is why he wanted to create a master race of 6ft athletes, these far right Neo Nazis are the worst example, i mean look at the footage of from 1930s Germany, everyone dressed decently and stylish, can these people not afford Hugo Boss? allot of countries in the world, people are proud of there nationality and there ethnic group, but being a trashy little thug about it is not a good representation, the Swiss are very conservative, national and ethnic protectionists, and they act with class and dignity. Of course the Left love to promote degeneracy and Neo Nazi's as it makes for good propaganda, the Vatican and the Christian Church / Islam has been the longest Anti Semitic threat against Jews, and you can quote scripture of God validating the hatred, divine hatred. Why is the Left so happy to sympathize with Muslims, when they detest Jews, and allot of them supported the Nazi's. the Church aligned with the Fascists and the Nazi's because they feared Atheist Communism, they even helped the Nazis escape after WW2. the Communist Jews murdered Millions of Christians, we don't need reminding of this, because Christians are not running our media. Israel is a nationalist ethno state, expanding its territory for living space, does anyone see the hypocrisy in that?.
My grandad is fighting at 0:11 then my uncle came in with wooden stick
I dont think being gay in the far right is really a issue now ,  in France a very large section of the gay community support the Front National and this is also repeated in other countries in Europe
All hate will eventually die out and all we will have left is love and each other
I vomitied when I saw the Nazi flag
Neo nazis are Hollywood stereotypes...I'm a white nationalist and have not met a Neo nazi since 1980s in England...they are low IQ punks who wanted to be edgy.\nWhite nationalists however have no hatred towards any race. If anything we hate the white liberal Leftys for turning OUR ancestral homelands into multicultural dystopias. EVERY people deserve to remain the overwhelming majority of their homelands...and yes, that includes us Europeans! If having these views make me a RACIST NAZI then so be it! \nWE BUILT THE WESTERN WORLD AND ONLY US CAN MAINTAIN THE WEST...DEMOGRAPHICS IS DESTINY!
Fuck gays
Lol
Controlled opposition lol
totally not a plant
Cant stop the rise of the right. Try harder channel 4.
all  neo nazi   = jewish fags !  hotler = jew
Illumnati satanic nazi scum
Top 10 Anime Plot Twists
Mossad Agent.
Heil Hitler!
No forgiveness :D
Duh, all Nazis are gay.
he ist still an asshole !
More left wing propaganda...
Wake up white people
What a pathetic, pathetic coward. Don't trust him. Ever. What they share all these white supremacists and nazis. They failed in life. They failed in life and they want to blame others for their pathetic state.
The man's whole life is a lie. So can you really believe him. Homosexuals are mentally ill people who are perverse  and whose whole life is based on the destruction of Christian white patriarchal civilisation. Not nice people and a jew. Senior lawyers in the legal profession are Jew's and I think you will find the biggest percentage are closet homosexuals. Hence parliament repealing the homosexuals laws
The jews are the real nazis. Hitler was the most lied about man in history. Every one talks about the holocaust(Even tho there is no proof of the exact number of people killed) but yet they dont talk about what churchill did to india or what the zionist jews have done though out history. All these muslim attacks,The death of european culture,Lgbt agenda and world poverty is all because of the zionist jews. The zionist jews fund groups like kkk,Blm,Antifa so that they can cause war. Id rather live in nazi germany than what england has become right now.
This is why our movement is a fucking joke, pretty much every white nationalist i have seen or met is very uneducated and has the physical build of a pre-pubescent 12 year old. If your truly a proud white man train your body and mind and prepare for any scenario, quit walking around weighing 130 lbs claiming your part of the master race.
Who call themselves nazis neo-nazis etc are just fucking retarded. The german nazi party in the '30s/'40s was not about hate. These guys are all about hating everyone who's not a so-called nazi. Shame. Being on the right side is completely different. Having pride is not the same as being a nazi, even if they say so.
Many Zionists Jews were Nazis, seriously. And far as the homosexuals, i wouldn't hold it against many of the ancient greek philosophers for being homosexuals. That being said, homosexuality shouldn't be so fetishistic in a society like we see today where everything revolves around sex and degeneracy.
So he used to bully people and now he's a fag, the most pathetic thing on the planet. How ironic.
This is fake news
read this if you want to know what we about \n\nhttps://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.breitbart.com/london/2017/10/14/epidemic-south-african-farm-murders-continues-gunmen-shoot-elderly-victim-dead/amp/
critisize jews and get called a nazi.. critisize muslims and get a medal
This is the worst possible time to admit this...trump is president...anything could happen to this guy....he will need a body guard. ...i hope he has the cash for one.
How the hell is this on trending let alone YouTube
Control both sides.\nThat's why Jews win.
Communism resulted in more deaths than any other political system in the last 100 years. \nCultural marxism has created ridiculous far left groups and given a voice to the usual eternal 'victims' who carry a chip on their shoulder. The increase in popularity of the so called 'alt right' was a direct result of the far left and their affirmative action.
i can't even imagine how awfull person you need to be to do anything like that - what a fucking punk. being gay and jewish himself, joining criminal nazi organisation. often destroying people's lifes. and now, after all these years he's feeling guilty? yeah, you are fucking guilty. coward. and scumbag.
Lol
Jewish run channel 4 hires fake nazi actor.
FAKE news!
Sad, another one of my best goes back to their old life
This is sick. Big up Bugzy for real. 🏆
The marketing is on point! 😁 I didn't realise it was starting back so soon! I'm hyped now
In season 8 the ting goes skraa
“How gangster is Carol!?” 😂🔥
This is mad
Hard tune. The Bugzy style I fell in love with and sick video.
Isit just me who thought this was gunna be a chip diss lol
So random but fuck it TWD is the shit
Shouldn't this have a spoiler alert in the beginning....I mean some people may watch this really...really...late.
Sounds like some real fan , he called Carl car and said Tara was in the line up when she wasn’t and he also said it’s all a dream but it’s not
what have i been missing why havent i watched it, gonna start now though lol
This is literally my life 😂😂 #obsessed
had to be the barber
Mad hearing bugz doing something like this....it's sick!!\nBut let's face it Carol could fuck up bugz and his whole crew lol
OMG would be amazing if he was in he walking dead!!
This is absolutely brilliant!
Here before it blows up! Holy shit. #22 with just 1.7k views
when is it out on Spotify?
He's on another level BELIEVE!!!
This is muad......big up bugzy big tings \nAgwan.....
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Bugzy shouldve always been the one who lifted grime
MY MAN BUGZY
bad boy loving it
I love this
Actually hard 🔥🔥🔥
KingMG sent me here👊
Fuck yes you bunch of pikeys
maddd 🔥
MY Man Bugzy follow me on instagram cuz
Flying right na 👌💯
Imagine bugzy malone and post malone collaboration
Mate! ...... 💥💥I never knew someone could love twd as much as I do
As a big fan of bugzy and walking dead this is 🔥🔥
Bugzy Malone is getting boring now
This is actually legendary!
Nice production, trash song
How is this trending with 1.8 k views
I'm so sad that you had to leave early! You were so excited.. Thanks for uploading! Take care of yourself!
Sand from the Sahara dessert cause the sky to be sepia
I know this is POINTLESS but you BRIGHTON up my DEYES. I love your vlogs. I was actually waiting for your post today. 😚
Storm Ophelia was coming and that’s right alf
Can you hear that? \nOfcourse I can hear, it you're shouting 😂😂😂\n*echooooo*
Zoe and How should *SO* react to their first sibling tag!!!!! 😂😂Love you Alfie!!❤❤👍👍
Bring diy deyes back
The hurricane went through all of Ireland and went through wales Scotland and some of England and that's why the sky was dark because the wind blew over all the sand from the Sahara
Love you Alfie and Zoe and you are the cutest !!!!! Can't wait for future videos and also Lbw squad where you at??? Everyone is special and nobody is more special than anyone and please remember that have a good day 😊
Hi
BOO
Hurricane now storm ophelia brought sand from the Sahara and smmoke from portugal
Early birds!! Like if you are one. 👍
I live in Bristol and the sky was nuts at school
LBW SQAUD!!! Also Alfie hope you feel better, get wel soon, and rest up 😊
Love these types of vlogs who agrees
7 views and 240 likes so early
Hi Alfie. We call the game tai rummy x
And it was dark because of the storm in America and there is so much sand in the sky ♥
Love you and your videos Alfie!!! Zoe you mark and Joe brighten up my days especially now since I have started high school like a month ago love you and Zoe lot plzzz can I have a shout out if you read this!!!!!💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💞💖💞💖💞💋💘😘😘💋💋💋💞😘💘😍😍😍😍
Lbw where are you guys x
Omg I am your biggeeeest fan!!! I love u sooo much!! It would mean the world 🌎 to me if you replied. Pleaaaase like so he can see!!!
Woop woop hear a lot earlier than normal again 😁😁
Love you alf I've got a twisted knee and you always make my day because it's been happening for a month
Omg that's the best treehouse ever! <333
It was dark because the saharah desert has really high winds and chucked a load of sand over to england
Watching this as I'm wearing my SLxPB jumper! 💗
Watching you and Zoe from Italy!\nLBW SQUAD ❤️
18 views 1k likes and 317 comments- confused much? Lol x anyways hey Alfie hope your feeling better soon x
I love watching Alfie's vlogs, they just bring my mood up, and make me more positive, and, I don't know, I just feel cosier. It just makes me feel so weird when I spend a day without watching Alfie's vlogs. Now, it 's pretty much part of my routine, I mean, after 2 years, it should be normal.
EARLY SQUAD WHERE YOU AT
1k likes and 16 views I am impressed
Fact : Nobody has watched the full video yet.\n\n(Its 11 mins long and it was uploaded 3 mins ago)
#lbw squad ⭐️⭐️⭐️ your vlogs are amazing thx for making them!!!
I stopped studying for this!!❤️💔❤️
Lbw squad!!! Early again, was here refreshing the page before the vlog popped up!!
omg 8 views i'm so early
Alfie if your reading this reply plz X
Love u soooooo much alfie your my inspiration xxx
Notification squad where u at
Ahhhhhhhh💘💘💘
LBW SQUADD <3<3<3
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Get well sson
lbww teammmmmwooo love u xoxo
Lbw squad
Early!!!😂😛😋😝😜
Get well soon Alfie x
I knowww
Soooo early
Lbw squad ????
16views = 1k likes /Well done YouTube
Your vlogs are great
Tree house is so awesome!!! LBW Squad!!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
LBW
#LBWsquad🙌🏼💕
lbw squaddd
Lbw group 💕💕
#LBW SQUDA  lysm hope to see uat helloworld i am going on sunday
My g🙄
LBW SQUAD AYEE
So earlyyyyy
Love this
LBW squad👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻❤️❤️❤️
Fucking love 5pm
LBW !!
Lbw squad where you at???
EARLY
#LbwSquad Love you Alfie!❤️
Also 13th yasssssss😂❤️❤️❤️
LBW club!! So excited to watch
Hi\nAlfi
Hey hope your feeling better alfie ! Snapchat squad x
💗💗💗💗💗😍
Lbw squad x
EARLY JSAKK #LBDW✨
Hiii.
Such a cool treehouse!!
#lbw club no vlog yesterday?! 😞
Love you , #LBW ❤️
20th VIEW
LBW sqaud
100 liks its my bdayyyyyyy
Lbwwwwwww squadddd??!!!!❤️❤️
#LbwSquad Love your vlogs 😀
Early and LBW
awww alf <3
16 views 1k likes. YouTube needs sorting out 😂😂❤️❤️ LBW squad
Amazing
LBW SQAUD LOVE VID BEST VLOGGER EVER
Earlyyyyy
19 views , 1k likes 😝 well done YouTube 👍🏻
love your vids
1000 like ps 16 views and 280 ish comments
It was a bit of wind and rain nothing extreme just like a bad day
I WANK TO ALFIE ON THESE VLOGS <3
There was a hurricane in ireland
Like for a years supply of PointlessBlog merch!!
HIIIIIIIIII
LBW SQUAD!?
s p 💿 💿 k y
5:11 Oh my god her face. I died 😂😂💀
It’s gross... but I like it 💿💿💿📀📀
How the f*** did I not notice this colab but yassss bitch that's me inside
Who else has been subbed to glam and glore before this video ?
I have been waiting for this for AGES
You should do one with lex (madeyewlook)
I feel it shouldn’t be bruised looking but holo glitter
haha thats cool! \nSubscribe to my channel and I will subscribe to yours within 24 hours!  Thank you! Im new on here!
OMG YOU NEED TO GO OUT IN PUBLIC LIKE THIS
Thought I would see YuGiOh cards here
If you are holosexual... is Ben H💿L💿 in side?
What do you thinkWhat do you thinkWhat do you thinkWhat do you think\n\nMe every time she plays this and it gets more intense:  😐😶🔫
So i know it might be entirely illegal but if you could would you holo your car or even just the hood of your car....... I mean only if you could, would you? Would ya? Huh? Would ya?
You should do your next video about Joey graceffa’s nail polish
Warning: spirit gun will ruin your day. Fake beards man, fake beards.
It looks so real
The day has finally come!!
can u use that piiled bit afterwards? if u glue it back on?
How do i find that holo jacket?!\n\nAlso i want to do this look now! Terrible with makeup let alone special effects makeup..but maybe i could figure it out? Cristine gives me hope to one day be beautiful person
I love that you did a video with her, she's so silly just like you and you two work so well together.
NoT tODaY?\nA.R.M.Y WHERE YOU AT!?
Pause at 6:36 WTF\nOr at 6:35\nTakes a minute to find the exact frame
THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!!!
Teach me how to ugly-- teach me, teach me how to ugly.
If you don’t bleed H💿L💿... Stop. Get some help.
Her intro blinds me every time I watch her videos😂 But, I still love it💕
WHAT DO U THINK and the face looks better
love love love love love, my worlds colliding it's so beautiful
Yayayaya!!!! Another helpful video for the fall dance I have in a week!!!!!
I really want to try this. 😯
This what happens if allergic to FAKE HOLLO ~ IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL TO MAKE IT!!
Cristine!!!! U could make a Nightmare before Christmas nail tutorial and call the video This Is Holoween!! 🕸🌕📀
If liquid latex is safe for the skin, would it help with your makeup like eyebrows, eyeliner, contour, lips and etc.???
I did this to a friend once! But we used hearts and stars rhinestones cause she's a unicorn 🦄 I'm sooo glad you guys collaborated❤️ this was so much fun to watch 💿📀💿📀 so perfect.  \nThe nail porn peeler and the gore porn peeler lol
HOLOWEEN, holoween!\nThis is holoween everybody become beauty!!\n\n\n(Get it?  Nightmare Before Christmas reference? No? ok bye.)
Hey can you do mine make up for holoween 😂
Liquid latex smells soooo bad. Especially when you have to have a “gash” on your cheek because you work at a haunted house. I was gagging the entire night
B💿TH I KN💿W IM EJ💿YING THIS S💿 MUCH H💿L💿 AND G💿💿D BYE
This collab is why I’m alive
Don't like it don't smell it🦄
I'm probably younger than both of these people, but I feel like my hands look more aged than their. weird.
The are both so awkward. I never thought about them doing a collab but they are great together.
MY stepmom keeps saying hoo is little pieces of metal and I am just like NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well I now have a new YouTuber to watch lol
As much as I like your nail art content... I live for videos like this, I’m not complaining about a nail channel not doing nails.
Girl!!! You have to check out this holo hair tutorial by kayley Melissa...omg collab in the future girl!!!! https://youtu.be/AH3HHcriPKU
Was I the only one to hear booty   gurus
Christine I am ONE WITH THE HOLO ps I love you
At the rate you're going, you should change your name to Simply Hological.   In other news, those aren't scars lol
Hey you should check out Kayley Melissa’s HOLO HAIR!! IT’S BEAUTIFUL 💿📀💿📀
im so proud of her for getting out and meeting other youtubers. I feel like she's secretly doing what she's wanted too for so long... Meeting strangers online, the best ones.
I am so doing this on myself for holo-ween. THANKS FOR THE IDEA GUYS
Beelzebub is what we've been calling my cousin's baby that's due in April. (Bz for short) Because obviously he's the devil
Missing nail videos right about now.....
This is probably the 3rd or maybe even the 4th time that I've had to RESUBSCRIBE OR HIT THE BELL AGAIN, after weeks went by without me seeing ANY notifications or videos from you (Christine). Then I see one of them on trending or see another Youtuber mention a new one and I click over to here and it's all turned off again!!!! \n\nYou're literally one of  my top favorite YouTubers so it's even more frustrating, I don't understand YouTube. I thought this was s huge deal earlier this year in some conspiracy and then it seemed to be magically be fixed and now it's happened again 😑
cristine is a super porn star
Can u do the aquarium nails please!
the h💿l💿 on the face looks better. probably bc Mikey did it
Holo eyes
We want nikkie
Make succulant nails!
http://checkgirlxxx.info/51_mlavier20.html
#Holo😂😂😂
CHRISTINE THAT JAWLINE
omg i love her (not cristine tho)
Couple of hookers.
2 faves
Happy Holoween
Cristine try Crystal wolf nail polish 😄😃💅
Happy holoween!
I think Cristine is ARIANATOR
YAY
Please do more nail videos...😔
Holoween
My dad calls mr belsbub
*CUZ IM H💿L💿💿💿💿💿💿💿 YEAH IM H💿L💿 💿H 💿H 💿H*
Ripley is holophobic
Hey it's POPPY!!
Haha nice this is unique
*hums deeply*\nthe holo within.\nthe holo within.
https://youtu.be/AH3HHcriPKU
cristine continues her torment of animals..
https://youtu.be/AH3HHcriPKU look at this Cristhine
haha this was cool
https://twitter.com/lilopg/status/921199783729123329 heeeelp 💿💿💿💿💿💿💿💿cristine we need you
Mykie is so damn beautiful wow
Sp💿💿py
YES. FINALLY. IT HAPPENED. BLESS THE HOLO ZOMBAES.
Face
Omfg finally !!
Your nails, girl 😍
I love you so much and I know you have a full time job but I wish you could upload more 💿💿💿💿💿💿💿
You need to paint your nails with horse hoof paint stuff.
You are not gonna believe who is bootiful person is......\n\n(Read the first two words)
Do you have merch that is selling like a god church?
I still love her videos though but wish there was a mix of both 💕
Can you and Shane do a video together
MAH NAMA...\n\n\nBIELZABUB!!!
*Girl was tha proublum its **6:45*
I can't believe that this is the same person
Well I’m officially shook
I just...im so proud of you. I'm so glad you were, are and always will be my role model. 💖
I soo needed this side of you <3 love you
this is a breath of fresh air in a Hollywood industry which is mostly corrupt and filled with fakeness
I am just so lost for words after watching this.. Stay Strong and Pray on! Much Love Demi <3
When I was in 5th grade I started to go through depression and anxiety I would I would cut and she was my first inspiration and I would listen to her she helped  and she's helped me since then now I'm turning 18 this month thanks Demi 🖤
This is such an inspiring documentary. I relate to Demi in so many ways especially the heartbreak and watching this and seeing how she overcomes it, gives me hope and empowers me. I've also been wanting to workout and get in shape but never got around to doing it but then after seeing this and seeing how it changed her mindset and attitude, I want to do it too. \n\nShe's just a year older than me but I look up to her so much. Thanks for the inspiration, Demi. <3
Thank you for showing us this side of you ❤
where are my lovatics at? 😭😍
This was ACTUALLY FUCKING AMAZING. legit cried 80 times. Demi i have so much respect for you.. i always did. Sharing this story takes so much courage and i cant explain how truly proud i am for you. Fucking love you dude ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are a beautiful soul Demi 😘💕 everyone is human but you girl are Demi fucking Lovato and everything that has happened in your life made you who you are and you should be so proud , I know we all are 🙌🏼 come to New Zealand for a house party 🎈🇳🇿
Needs a pair of tits!!!
Thank you for being so honest and open. I respect and appreciate you so much more. You’re truly amazing
Thank you for being an example for so many people! Thank you for sharing your story and pain so other people know they are not alone... We all love you and your music so much! ❤️
I really like this Demi because you really bring you and your voice down to earth. You show us that making music is making it perfect and that you don’t get it right every time. I really admire this because I want to be a music artist someday and I’ve always compared myself to a perfect product and you have opened my eyes. Thank you 🙂
This is so great, you're amazing Demi.
This is absolutely amazing.
Wow I respect her so much she's truly amazing and resilient, only wish the best for her she deserves it ❤️
This is so beautiful❤
This documentary is so amazing. I applaud Demi for opening up and being so vulnerable in this. I feel like I know her better. Stay strong and positive!
I was captivated through the whole thing ...
If she can do coke, I can do coke 💯
I was doing so well at keeping my shit together and not crying. But I lost it in the last 18 minuets seeing how happy you are now. \nI know it’s hard to talk about this things you’ve been through and I will never be able to thank you enough. I want you to know that your honesty about relapsing and how recovery is a constant battle has helped me beyond comparison.
You really have to surrender because that's when the change is going to happen. \nSurrender your life to Jesus Christ and live for Him while you still can!
I swear to god DEMI lives my life and she is AMAZING!!!! She looks amazing like always,  body is on point LIKE ALWAYS, she has come a LONG way and she makes me a proud SUPER FAN!!!
Thank you so much! for sharing your story it actually helped me with my own struggles in so many ways ,thank you❤️
I absolutely know all about what its like to want to understand the mind concept of a father choosing drugs over family. My father was the same way and grantes it took over 16yrs for me to get back in contact with him and him tryinv to fix his self up. It caused me to tryout different drugs and do things im not proud of. I wanted to understand why he did drugs. So i thought maybe trying it would help me understand.
Demi this was amazing.❤️ I watched the whole thing and I’m so proud of you and how far you have came. I have heard of you before Camp Rock and I instantly fell in love. You have such a beautiful voice and you are beautiful. I love to sing too and I’m taking voice lessons to get better. But my point is that you are amazing❤️ Keep doing you💛 \n\n-Kendall
Demi, thank you so much for writing Warrior. I have a tattoo that says “I am a Warrior”. You’ve been the soundtrack to my healing and I’m forever grateful. I’m so proud of you. Stay Strong
This is amazing, you are not alone, and now i know and feel that I am not alone. Thank you thank you, a million times.
you are amazing! i love you!!! 😍😍😍😘
I'm so proud of her.
49:38 Awww... it's so sweet
I FREAKING LOVE DEMII!!!!!!!!!!!! ❤️🖤💙 SHE'S A FUCKING LEGEND!!! ❤️❤️❤️😭😭
You do what one day i want to do inspire.
She makes me feel so much better as a person i was an active user most my life but most recently an active user of heroin for 6+ years, im in treatment now for it. I also would self harm and binge n purge and still get the urge to do it every once in awhile but havent in over two years. I hope one day i can be as confident as her. N if i do mess up jist get right back up and keep on going and living life the best i can.
This was so beautiful 😍 proud of how far Demi has come \nPlease check out my cover of I hate you leave me below \nOne of my favourite songs of Demi's keep slaying Queen \nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0PS3TCLtm7M
I'm literally so happy this isn't on youtube red !
Demi is absolutely beautiful amazing and real.✌️👌
Thank you for never giving up Demi! You inspire me every day to never give up and keep me staying strong. Thank you for being you 💗💪🏻
It’s like, can I date your voice?
I loved this, I truly admire your strength and willingness to be vulnerable and show us a little bit into your life ! Your smile is infectious 😀
Her signature laugh as a child at 9:52 and then years later at 13:28 - love it 😂😍❤
I have no words. \nJust I Love you 😘
Stayed up even though I have school in the morning... wow I cried and laughed through this whole video and trust me I didn’t fast forward AT ALL
You are amazing ❤️glad your still hear and love you and all your music
this was life changing thank you
Demi you are so amazing. So proud of you. Love you Demi!
54:38 is that nick? cant tell
fell in love w Demi all over again omg😭
Could you imagine a duet with Demi and Jessie J?
This means so much to me! More than you’ll ever imagine! I’ve loved you since DAY 1 Demi. Your music always helps me on my bad days ❤️ I’m so glad you did this, it will help a lot of people see the light at the end of the tunnel! I love you Demi! 🙏🏽
love you so much 😍😍😍
I noticed she doesn't mention her cutting at all in this documentary ... :/
I cried and laughed and jumped in happiness during this, sang along, rewatched, smiled and overall just didn’t want it to freakin end
Wow. She is such an inspiration. Thank you Demi.
Thank you Demi for sharing your story with us <3
This is amazing xx such a strong and lovely story
thank you demi for making this documentary. it helps me and all people struggling with sober. we love you!!!
This was so amazing so beautiful❤️❤️
She went through so much, she is such a strong woman and and inspiration to many. I respect her so much more
Incredibly touching!! Thank you Demi ❤️ you’re so inspirational and loving!
Thanks for making this free
i love that im watching this at 4 in the morning
I’m so proud of you! Been on team Demi since the Barney days! You can overcome anything, Queen!
Into the intro and im already getting goosebumps❤ You're such a strong person!
#Respect \n\nWaited to see the whole documentary and I can’t believe how raw but amazing it is.
A living, walking, breathing legend. truly such a gift to the world
Absolutely inspiring and so raw! I try to take the “famous” out of all celebrities and try to relate and understand how they must feel in every situation as an individual. You are strong and don’t ever forget that! ❤️❤️
You were already a role model to me but after this, have so much more respect and admiration for Demi Lovato. How brave you gotta be to publicly air all your biggest struggles and inner demons for literally the whole world to see, but this is going to help so many including myself with our own battles. This really highlights that no matter how much you've hit rock bottom and the amount of help/ support you have, you really can't be helped until you are 💯 willing to make a change. \n\nYour voice has always been on point but even ppl who were never fans of her, would love her after watching this. Amazing
The first album I've bought in years!
Every teenager has to watch this including mine! It's all in your hands and mind! You've got the power! Love you Demi ❤️
I love her so much ❤❤❤
i wish demi had her own show where we can just see more like this \nbut then i also would know it’d be too much pressure for her at times :(
1:15:57 lmao at the bong on the table
Her life is like a movie ... she is so strong and bold .. love you
I love you sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much ❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️❤️️
This was amazing
I was half kidding half serious like go fuck yourself. Yasss Demj
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love you Demi! You're amazing & beautiful! ❤❤❤❤
💞😭 speechless
This is everything <3
So human🌹
Thank you for sharing Demi Lovato
This. Was. AMAZING
inspiring
she sai
This is honestly so inspiring ❤❤❤
I love her soooo much❤️
THAT PARAMORE MOMENT !😭😭🙌🏼🙌🏼
wow omg
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Shila hamzah singing in demi doc!
we love you Demi!! 💗💗
We love you demi💛
Demi Lovato is so sadly underrated!!!
Demiiiii we love you 😍
Omgd can't stop crying ❤️😭
Please please please do more book hauls! I'm a huge book nerd x
Love from Denmark❤️🇩🇰 Your video was really hyggelig
Also, idk if you would be up for including this on your channel but it would be fun to see some cooking videos since you're so into it right now!
I think its great that you did this video! you should definitely do more books hauls because I'm always looking for new reads! #BookwormsUnite
My workmate and I were talking about eating vegetarian the other and how it makes you feel so much lighter. That totally made sense to me!
Please keep doing book hauls, I really loved this video!\n\nI just read The girl with seven names by Hyeonseo Lee and it was sooo good!
I love Ready Player One!! Keep doing these hauls I love them :)
If you're into Indian culture, I recommend you read Shantaram :) xx
Hello! I am doing a campaign to collect money, to give books to children who can not buy, so here is the link https://igg.me/at/d2EpHGl7zvQ if you can not donate, share it with your friends and family, this will make the children very happy, the donation is $ 9 dollars onwards, thanks for your collaboration.
Love this video idea!
I love books and candles :)
You should try woodwick candles, they're gorgeous, smell amazing and they crackle while they burn like a real fire! They are unbelievably relaxing!
your videos have been FANTASTIC lately :)
This is off topic, but I want bangs now. Also, I read The life changing magic of tidying, but I'm not tidy at all.. I am good at tossing things I don't need, and folding my clothes, but I'm still a clusterfuck. Loved the video!
sammy please address why you're not going vegan. i've loved you for years but i really don't understand this - i feel like even if you just took the time to explain why you're not doing it would be a big improvement that just avoiding the elephant in the room. please don't take this as hate - i love you and that's why i've been thinking so much about this!
Can't wait til ready player one comes out in film. Read the book a couple of years ago, loved it.
I really appreciate your love for our little country Denmark! It's very rare that I hear our country being mentioned, so thank you <3 Everytime you buy books or clothes from danish brands (like Gestuz, Ganni ect.) I get so happy and excited! When you are going to Denmark one day, try to visit Aarhus as well! Aarhus is the european capital of culture and the city is absolutely beautiful. \n\nOh and the book you got called Lykke means happiness. It's also my middle name, haha!
I love that we have a very similar taste in books. Half of them i have, the other half is on my wishlist. :)
Please visit Copenhagen! I live here and it's such a nice city!
Now I want to get more books. We're going to have a book case in our living room so might as well. Might purchase some of the ones you have there.
Do you eat a lot of Guyanese food? Would be fun to see you do a cooking video on it 😊 have been watching you for years now (I consider you one of the OG youtubers😂) and I like how you’ve adapted while staying down to earth. Reminds me of the simple times when YouTube wasn’t so much of a money making machine xxx
I desperately want to go to Copenhagen too! PS, your hair looks absolutely stunning! TOTAL BEAUT! xxx
Rendang is delicious! My mom makes the most perfect one
Ready Player One is a book that my husband read and told me that I HAD to read.  I think I love it for the same reason you do.  It really is immersive! This video makes me want to search out a bunch of books to order!
I LOVE this video!!!  What a dream- books and candles.  <3 You are the greatest :)
Love videos like this, Sam! You have some awesome picks there 😊 If you're ever looking for some similar-ish book recommendations, I have a bookstagram that I just started! It's called LevinesReads. Not trying to plug, just trying to share some resources! ❤️
I can lost in a bookshop for hours and not realise the time..
My plants are my therapy... its very grounding taking care of them. I have 2 that are 15years old.. I got them when my Mom died..and just nurturing & watching them grow helped me through grief. I now take cuttings and give them to my friends 😊🌱🌿 x
This was so cute - I really loved this video. I always get more into cooking around this time of year so can't wait to take a peak at some of these cookbooks.
LOVED this video! Beautiful books, yes! Thanks for sharing.♡
OMG Yassss Ready Player One! It really is immersive! I hope they do the film justice. Love ya Sammi xx
I'm an English teacher so loveeee that you are representing the book worms!👐
Please DO come to Copenhagen - it would be so cool !\nYou should do a family trip in December if you wanna experience some real Hygge and Lykke ;-)
Haha, that is kind of nice to hear someone obsessed about Copenhagen and Scandinavia :) It's easy taking it for granted when you live here. I'm obsessed about London and go every year! 'Lykke' is Happiness :)
the way she pronounces hygge 😂
Loved this video
For plants, check out “What’s Wrong with my House Plant” by David Deardorff and Kathryn Wadsworth
Don't wanna be a party pooper but the last two candle brands are ridiculously expensive for a scent that can be duplicated by any other brand. It's like Tom Ford lipsticks; the aesthetic of the brand is lovely but it's not like you're buying a couch, it's something that will run out soon... I personally love my ZARA Home and H&M Home candles (some secret ones that only exist in-store are the best ones!) as well as any other random brand!!! Truth be told I'm very picky and stingy when it comes to candles lol
Glad to know I'm not the only one obsessed with candles 😊
The Urban Jungle book sounds and looks amazing Sammi. I need to get it asap lol!
Ready Player One was SO GOOD! If you like it then I have a few recommendations!\n Anything that Neil Gaiman has written is great, Neverwhere Anansi Boys and American Gods are 3 of my favorites.\nCarry On by Rainbow Rowell is a spin on Harry Potter and it is GREAT!\nAnd then on the power women note Roxanne Gay has a couple out that are very good Bad Feminist and Difficult Women are faves. Shrill- Notes from a Loud Woman by Lindy West was funny and enjoyable and anything Chimamanda Adichie writes is gold. \n\nThat was a lot but I love audio books, I challenged myself to finish 50 books this year, currently on number 35 so I have a lot of suggestions lol. This was a great video! I love your fashion content but this was a lovely switch up.
Yes please more video.
I really enjoyed this video! I love books & candles. Especially cookbooks & home decor, plants etc. I recently found a great cookbook. ( 'Oh she glows every day' By Angela Liddon. You would love this book. Thanks for sharing. 🥑
I was just as obsessed as you are and I learned a little bit of danish during 4 years of fandom, and then i got to live there for a year. I'm an expert, ask me anything. hahah PLEASE GO
What’s time secret to have a healthy relationship? Like my boyfriend and I have don’t together for a year and 8 months... and there are times I feel fuckin frustrated when I tell my point across. I do understand where he’s coming from.. but I’m trying to get my point across without sounding like a bitch... and how can we make time for each other? Btw I love your videos!! ❤️
I love this idea!! Two of my favourite things
Love going into bookstores. Currently reading Child 44- Tom Rob Smith (crime/thriller, set in Russia during and post Stalin's regime), easy to read, fast pace flow and gripping storyline. What I would say about this book is that the main crimes that are told through the story can be upsetting for some. \n\nI've read the book The life changing magic of tidying and the way she spoke about objects as if they had their own life and purpose like a little human, how all the items should be treated with respect with each use and to be placed back correctly.
Hi Sam.. can you do a what i eat in a day video.. would love to see what u've been eating lately from those interesting cook books
Books and candles are my obsession! Too bad you didn't have more psychological thriller buys I need some new recommendations! 😊
i just came to listen to your voice lol, loooove your accent!! that kondo book is a life saver!!
Absolutely loved this! I am reading Greatest Hits by Laura Barnett and loving it, her first book is wonderful too! xxx
I love it. Please make more videos like this. # bookworms United.
🖤🖤🖤🖤
Please come to Copenhagen! I live in Denmark and looveeeeee you. I have followed you for years and years and i would be so cool to see you visit the country where I am from!
I've had Fresh India by Meera Sodha for a while now and the food is incredible. A lot of the recipes use the same ingredients over and over again so it gradually becomes quite cheap food to make after your first bulk buy. I would 100% recommend to anyone who is thinking of getting it! \n\nAlso, whilst I'm here - does anyone have any other amazing vegetarian cookbooks they'd recommend?
I love this video. One can clearly see that you enjoyed filming it.\n\nThank you 🤗
I feel the same way about bookstores. I can honestly roam around a bookstore for hours, even if I don't buy a book. Being surrounded by books is the best feeling!
There's going to be a ready player one movie next year BTW!! Let us know how the book is! Also any interest in doing a book club?
Feeling different when not eating meat isn't strange at all Sam :) i felt such an huge difference in my health and daily well being, that i would never believe it if didn't experienced it myself.\n\nDo your own research if you are interested and if you need some help with that just say... It can change your and your family well being sooooo much.\nLots of love
The little girl in eat veggies looks like indie, it's always nice to watch you and I don't like watching your videos in a rush if it makes sense, I like to do it when I have time with a drink or a meal, just love listening to your and how clearly you do this because you love making videos, not because you want views.\n\nEither way, we'll support you I'm sure with either type of videos, we just like you
I have 2 plants that have been with me for about a year now and I love them like they're my children! Every time a leaf grows I get so excited and I talk/sing to them too. I definitely want a book about plants so I can get more and more !
Love when you do vids for books cause I feel like I share a similar book interest with you so it’s a reliable recommendation for sure! But if recommend to you “brain on fire” and I just finished “into the water” by the author that wrote girl on the train. Two really great books!
So great to hear, that you're enjoying a more plant-based diet! Have you watched 'What the Health' on Netflix? It shows in a lot of detail how much healthier and better it is for us to not eat animal products. Absolutely changed my life and I totally get what you mean by 'feeling lighter' 😊👌
Sammi! You NEED to try ottolenghi's cookbooks, he barely uses meat and has a restaurant in Notting Hill, I believe. Everything is so easy and so delicious. I think you'll love him/his books and food.
I absolutely love bookshops too!! I used to go to a bookshop in a small town near me and have a lovely coffee and cake and read!! It also has a record shop next door so would have a nose at vinyl!! Would be good to see if anyone could do some recommendations of places to go to have a lovely coffee and read xx
I really like the videos you've been uploading on your 2 channels recently. You have really good ideas to update and renew your 2 channels while still staying the same, it's lovely ! xx
By the way that lipstick looks amazing!
The autumnal vibes 😊
Watch this video for a flawless foundation routine https://youtu.be/KEoZI82U3l4
This video was perfect because you talked about my 2 biggest OBSESSIONS 😩😂
I understand your love for books, cooking and candles... AND we're both 89' babies. Hahaha
oh hey bowls of goodness, think that's a swedish author! :D
I just have to say, I think you would loooove Copenhagen! I fell in love the first time i visited, and it feels like my second home, even after just a few visits. I was there during christmastime, and it is the most wonderful, peaceful and hyggelig place. I would HIGHLY recommend you to take a trip there, and personally, I would try and visit during november/december, and visit Tivoli. It transforms into a scandinavian winter wonderland, with hot chocolate, applechips, dusins and dusins of baubles, christmas decorations and ornament for one to buy, and it is the most beautiful place ever! Can't talk highly enough about that city, it is just gorgeous!❤\n(Btw, you are such an inspiration, please don' ever stop making videos❤)
If you go to copenhagen (which you really should! It is a truly lovley place), you should also pop into Malmö in Sweden over the day! The train over only takes 30 minutes and it's a real gem! 👌🏼
Can you do more book and food videos
Cozy video💛 Thank you for sharing, the books are so interesting!
Ur cardigan is awesome .... where did u get it love?
love the books and plants! more videos like this 🙌
ugh god the dog eared pages kill me
love your cookbook haul!! i got so many inspiration from this video, thank you!
Can you do a video about the makeup and hair of this video please?😭❤️
Great video! A video of your style books and cookbooks collection would be 👌🏻
You are actually very good at styling your HOME as well // I always love the pieces you pick out and how you put a room together!
if you come to Denmark, please have a meet & greet :D pretty please! would love to say hi to you guys. you are the cutest ting, the way you explain things is just too much <3 I am quite the same when I explain...but can`t really express it properly into words. I feel like you are also a very humble & grateful person which I love so much in a person. hope to see you in Copenhagen :)
You reeeeally need to stop buying paper books! They're so bad for the environment. Especially because you have a Kindle already...
I love how ready, player one takes place in Columbus, OH, USA which is where Im from lol
Yes! I'm so with you on bookshops! Loved the video and can't wait to hear about more books you love!
Bookstores are amazing! We have one by us that I could just spend my life in there!
This video was soooo relaxing and cozy to watch :))
Come to Denmark, we'd love to have you visit us! 😁👌🏻
Omg YES! Please come to Copenhagen!❤
Cooking video please! Love bookstores:)
PF. Candle Co is the besttttttttt soy candles! Teakwood & Tobacco aaf <3
This was lovely ❤️
Toinen's  LOVSANGARE.   Paperback.on AMAZON.CO.UK
Love the hair. Love the lipstick. Love the cardigan. Love the background. 😍😍
❤️📚 and candles!\nThanks for sharing:)
Love books too. Hair looks great today!
If you are in love with Denmark, you really have to read The Little Book of Hygge, by Meik Wiking. You will want to move country straight away! :)
You were right the first time! Eau is pronounced oh not ooh :)
If jimmy Fallon were interviewing him , lettermen won’t be able to finish his story...
I feel like shots were thrown
Didn´t he also harassed female employers at his show and first lied about it?
He is soooo old, why cant he stay at home.
Who knew audiences were that big?
Am I the only one who doesn't know who this guys is??? Old people SMH
He should call his show, The Show Where We Talk To Interesting People.
Also, in case anyone hasn't figured this out, Dave and Conan are - and have for years - been good friends, even though they were competitors.
*Ben Shapiro for President 2020! Like of you agree!*
Sounds like they have mixed David Letterman quieter than Jimmy... Anyone agree..
God this is great!
Wow. Is that Santa?
I don't know, Letterman seemed rusty or tired or something, his delivery didn't have the same punch it used to.  And it looks like he got the suit and tie at Sears.
why do people like audio mixes that sound like an empty warehouse?
I miss David Letterman's show.
I don't care what anyone thinks. Dave was number 1 with me for 30+ years. Before that it was Carson - Before that it was Steve Allen. Yes, I am THAT old. Have a nice day :)
Do you know Jimmy Kimbo was a sports announcer on KROQ Los Angeles and late 80s
While Letterman seems to have gone a little nutty, I still miss him on television. I'm happy that Jimmy found a way to form a friendship.
Love Letterman but this interview kinda sucked.
Anyone else just see a black screen?
Dave scores an interview with the Flex Seal guy’s brother! 😂
This is awesome it made my day👍
No on the beard. Someone needs to have a talk with him.
Sad attempt to pull JK show out of a raitings nosedive
Sorry Dave but you do look like an aging vagrant.
I love this guy! The world needs Letterman.
if you're gonna wear a beard like that then why bother with a suit, tie and shoes?
I look lika a civil war statue lol!
ISSUE ONE!  She's an equestrian... Lol!   6:00
Oh dear. 2 years off and he's already demented.
Love this man, watched him D.L. for yrs. Looks awesome Congrats. Dave on the Mark Twain award, & everything you did , for so many yrs.  😄💖👤👓👏
Dear Jimmy a mans joints where only designed by the creator to give to a certain point.     \nA man that knows the truth of things & fights against his own self is a coward.
Dave Letterman looks like he has just come back from a Civil War reenactment. What the heck!
Did he join the Taliban?
Is the audience big enough?
Sadly, Letterman just struck me as an old guy who's losing his memory and not making a lot of sense.  Not impressed.  And I used to like Letterman, but I think his mind is going and now he just comes across as grandpa without a clue.
Your. A. Disgrace. 2 USA. 🚽❗🚽\n🌑 NFL 🌑. Lover 📣❗📣
Dave appears quite thin/losing muscle mass.  He's hiding it with his loosely tailored suit and heavy beard to fool your eye.  Very bad for older men to lose muscle mass;  portends a disfavorable prognosis.
Why is video black for all these Kimmel videos?
I knew Santa was real
Does Paul Shaffer work on the Kimmel show now or was he just here because Letterman was?
in one appearance he lost all the mystic , the ''homeless guy'' beard  ( looks sad and ridiculous on him ) , pandering to get back in to the spotlight .. after yrs of ''yearning'' to be a recluse and then the\nendless ''horse story '' , trying to strangle humor from it .....been watching dave from the weatherman yrs.....this is embarrassing , he's lost whatever he  ''had'' ....take the first train back to Montana , \nwith that autistic son  .....save whats left of the legacy.
Notice Letterman didn't let him get sucked into talk about trump smart man
Back in the day, we never missed Letterman. In the dorm, where there was one community room and 1 color TV per floor. We all used to cram in that room laughing at Larry Bud Melman, Dave's comments, the monkey-cam, Chris Elliot coming up through a trap door, and stupid pet tricks!
Dave if you want to impress me eat a piece of bacon.
Has the crybaby shed any tears yet for the victims of Weinstein?
Watch on Norm's Show.
I think a little Rickles has rubbed off on Dave.
Jimmy seems pretty nervous here, but I remember Letterman being the same, when he first had Carson on the show.
Karl Marx is reborn
pewdiepie STOLE his look
Odinforce Dave
I miss wearing makeup!!.....lmao!
Wow, this conan letterman stuff
That beard is awesome
Legend
even Jimmy Fallon lol (aka Lonnie Donnegan)
_Punished David_
Aww these two chooks like good together
Even Jimmy Fallon  lol
I miss Dave ❤️
yawn
👎
10:45 FLEX SEAL. Letterman watches JonTron OwO
Lmao even Jimmy Fallon.
David Letterman is awesome....
This is amazing.
Nice beard
Rabbi ?
“We Should Boycott Kimmel” - Ben Shapiro's Brilliant Response To Jimmy Kimmel's Unjust Criticism
that voice body mismatch
David is channeling his inner Maester Pycelle.
Thanks for sharing,shared.
Love these two. ❤️
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=52937
David Letterman should be carved as he is now for the Mount Rushmore of talk show hosts.
What a treat...DAVE AND JIMMY!!!
Reminds me of Peter and the birds episode of Family Guy.
Can someone talk Dave into taking the Late Show back please? Colbert is so insufferable.
Is that you Santa?
You better watch out, You better not cry,.....Letterman is coming to town!!!!!
I KNEW Santa Claus was real!!
It's a weird feeling seeing Dave and Paul again. Yet, it's not Dave's show.
He reminds me of my grandpa, give you something and tells you to figure it out
Dave could be an ass at times but damn I miss him
Just seeing him come out to that music one more time was enough
Oh wow 2 NWO tools on one stage  of lies
the reason why i love talk shows.. david letterman
Magnificent beard !
Always felt Letterman was overrated
OLD MAN WINTER
Santa!
Top dog
4 thumbs down
Couple of jackasses
Jimmy didn't cry?
david letterman was great,  but Colbert is simply amazing.
Pretty sure the David lettermen was involved in a sexual harassment claims, many, it's sad to see the Kimmel and these other big shots will talk about how they feel bad for these women coming out with claims and then invite scum like this on his show.
No one comes close to Letterman in my opinion! True talk show legend.
What's weird is that Kimmel blasted Harvey Weinstein but then has Letterman in his show, who had sex with members of his staff.
I love Thursdays.
I love Jemma! :)
What if i don't want to use a golden syrup or i just don't have it? What adjustments should i do?\n^^
I don’t even like caramel but these look great!
looks yummy!!
Awesome! ♥♥♥ I love your videos Jemma! :D
USE CORN SYRUP INSTEAD OF GOLDEN! I didn't know golden syrup was LITERALLY no where else but England. So many confused people hahah. But there is a substitute. Do not use honey
couverture chocolate is everywhere in Cyprus. Greece too
#30 on trending Gemma well done 😊 ❤️ 👌🏾
Share?? Ha!
Please make a simple coffee cake!!!! Your amazing Jemma!!!
Jemma looks like my ICT teacher
Vegan pretty please?
13k views... on the trending tab?
Mmmmm yum, Jemma I love salted chocolate caramel!!!!!! Oh love a lady with ink, great video!
Yum!
Great idea!
This video is 4:44.. Jay Z??
Cool video. 😘😘😘
like number 593
...drool...divil the sharing...
They look so lovely Jemma!
Looks delicious xx
hope you can make matcha desserts. Matcha Cream Crepe cake perhaps 😁
Hiiiiii
Jemma❤️❤️
Cool ;)
EARLY!!
Mmm looks great👅❤
Amazing
Yum! Can you show us some fudge recipes?
Heated fat that makes Gravy for mashed potatoes & pot roast night stuff that is salted with boiling salt flavor cubes made for beef products and not turkey or chicken ramen or nice chicken lunch meats for BS Sandwiches as well as peppered with Black Pepper that is grounded unless you are adventurous like me then whole crack black pepper corns should be nice to use the next time you decide to make pot roast or Pot Roast and whole crack black pepper corns are sometimes called Artichokes, BS Cream Sandwiches, Animal Crackers, and Whole Black Pepper Corns does have protein in it due to innate properties in the substance known as fat that does become human energy like food in starving people that makes a Zombie Nightmare Situation highly probably yet the Fat Digestion process works slow and makes a person lose their minds from Starving Hunger Insanity to certain extents and weak blood type people go insane quicker if they starve to use fat energy and they become Synthetic Humans who are safe to eat and cannibalism is frowned upon in my family and it is called a Family Sin and nothing else and none of you reading this have to abide my family rules it's just a Fun Fact that is from me and I'm not really Humpty Dumpty and eggs are fine by me and my family invented Easter with one of our ancestors who was a Saint of the Christian Order and they are overlooked by the Catholic Church who make Cholo Criminals that get by cops for talking strangely
Caramel are definitely one of the best thing to have ever existed!! Other than that, nougats! Can you teach us how to make them Jemma? Your recipes are all fantastic and I'd love to see one from you! xo
Hello everyone, do me a favor and subscribe to Greg Hodel,  once you do it comment Done on his last video and I will susbcribe to you
Omg I can't wait to try this
Is it just me, or is anyone else waiting for a halloween episode to come out? I hope she does one this year but no mention of it yet :( i just love themed bakes.
Could you please bring out another cook book with this and all your other great recipes in...Please
I’ve had a think about this before but this recipe confirms it, I genuinely want to marry you.
Get ready to hear a lot of deep, loud inhales.
Hi Jemma. Love your channel. I just want to know if it's possible to finish cooling this in the fridge?
what happens if u omit the golden syrup?? i think i've seen recipes that don't require it!!\n\nand i guess it wouldn't hurt to add the salt while the caramel is still hot?
I have been waiting dor another caramel recipe!!! Thank you
i subbed and i'm trying to get the best recipe that you have. I'm doing my  cooking assignment, i made up (getting ready for high school) thank you!!!!!!!
This shouldn't be trending at only 12 thousand views -_-
What is this «give it away» thing? Never heard of it, nor «share». Is this what the young hip kids are doing these days?
She doesn't look like she'd be a tattoo person.
Would be amazing if u could do a vegan recipe with chocolate!💙
Looks delicious but my teeth hurt from just looking at it
What spray oil to use Gemma
i wish you had a crumbs and doiles in los angeles i would love to taste some of your sweet treats
had to remove the sounds and go with the subtitles because the music is so overwhelming again, too bad - great video and recipe otherwise, looks yummy
i wonder if this could be considered chewy salted caramel chocolate 🤔
Jemma when’s your merch coming out ughhh I really want it ASAP bc it’s so nice xxx
Why do u have those tats
i love baking too!!!!
Yummmm Jemma u are a genius
Can you make fudge pleaseeeee! Love your videos
I feel like we should substitute dark chocolate (72%+) instead to cut the sweetness a bit.
Can I use compound
Can you make a upside down cake❤️
Droolin in the night cuz of thizz!! 😂😂😂
as soon as your started wrapping them I knew I wanted to make some for a gift!!!
This had me drooling all over my keyboard
Me:\nWhy am i so fat wtf?!\nAlso me:\nYes that will be 6 quid for those ingrediants!\nSmh.
Who was here before 100 likes
What spray oil to use Gemma
Hi Jemma, I'm wondering what exactly is the golden syrup you used, under what other names might I find it? \nThanks and have a great day!
MashAllah
What can be used instead of golden syrup?
Golden syrup does not exist here in Portugal. how can I substitute the golden syrup?\nBtw, I love your work and you. Thank you for all the delicious recepies that you have been making for us  <3
These would make a great edition to the Christmas gift boxes I'm making this year :) I can't wait for your Christmas vids btw! Know you'll have some lovely things for me to make :) x
Love that you use non-retard units! 😁 seriously, been loving your channel since the beginning
Never been so early
Does anyone know what the American equivalent of golden syrup is?
double cream is the same as heavy cream right?
Hey Madam Gemma .From where I come from its very difficult to get your hands on  heavy cream. I was wondering if there would be a substitute to that . If there is please inform me. Thank you 💙
These chocolate caramels look delicious!  Quick question when they are completely cooled are they a soft or hard caramel? Also I  noticed the Cupcake Jemma towel at 2:09 behind you. Are you starting your own merchandise brand???
Hi Jemma, I am sure this will also be another big hit but I don’t think I have quite enough Golden Syrup. I wish I knew why this was such a difficult item to find here in the USA, the same with Clotted Cream. You would think it was a State Secret! The last time I was in Ireland, I just happened to bring 2 jars of it Home along with a couple packages of REAL SCONES! The scones made here are just biscuits, even the ones at the famous State Fair in Washington. I think they pass as a scone because most Americans haven’t had a true Irish Scone or even British scone for that matter! They don’t know what to look for in texture or taste. It is my goal to get a true Irish Scone into the hand of every person in the State of Washington, (I don’t want to be greedy and say the world, at least until the state is fulfilled then I will move forward from there) hehee. Must make realistic goals right, I mean look at you? You did it! Quite Impressive! I am awaiting an invite to visit to tour your facility and work with you and learn from you and your friends (employees) it would be great craic when and if I came home!
If ya'll like our accent so much, you should come to NZ and hear it face to face. We sound awful, lmao
It's confirmed.\nNo actor is American. None
This guys really nice in real life.
so I’m like obsessed with pillowcase in the sky and he sings it and I’m like yoooooo what?
HE'S FROM NEW ZEALAND?! I'M FROM ZEALAND!!\nNZ SQUAD
0:57 imagine him looking at you like that
noooo the theory about Cheryl and Toni is considered absurd
I love you kj
I love the fact that he didnt get the fp is billy from scream reference
I love his laugh
I love the stranger things theorie
He has such a perfect all-American accent for the show, I love hearing him speak like his Kiwi self!
1:40 I had the same reaction... I LOVE IT AND KJ!!❤️😍❤️
FP's name is Forsythe Pendleton Jones II (or Jr.) so that theory is a no
1:38 i love the way he reacted 😂😍
How has he not seen Scream though!!? 🤦🏽‍♀️ Bad KJ! Real Bad.
the only paper he didn’t crumble up is the one that said archie is actually jason’s twin!! which would make sense as to why archie is the main character which I didn’t understand so much last season... ugh I hope this is true!! it would be so twisted & unexpected!!
Could he be any more hot?!
1:42 he's so cute
I really hope that Sabrina the Teenage Witch doesn’t come to the show. I like the fact that this isn’t about supernatural events and things that don’t exist.
RIVERDALE IS THE UPSIDE DOWN. BARB IS ARCHIE'S MOM
*what a beautiful, pure, soul <3*
KJ JUST SAID CHERYL AND TONI WON'T BE A THING I'M DELETING MY NETFLIX ACCOUNT AND THROWING AWAY MY TV
He is so good looking 😍😍
Okay but why is no one talking about how on point he looks...
I love how he’s just casually giving out spoilers
Is it odd that I love KJ but can't stand Archie at times? I guess that's what good acting looks like 🤣
its weird hearing him without the american accent
I love how his eyes changed from dark brown in the show to light brownish hazel in this video
I'm pretty sure that Cheryl's new love interest is Josie
How can a human be that hot ?? 😩😍
The theory that Archie is a Blossom somehow is alive
I would love if Stranger Things and Riverdale fused together and Barb was still alive and changed her name to Ethel Muggs
What's with hair
He’s literally the CUTEST boy I’ve ever seen 😍
Awww I wanted the love to be toni
0:59 about toni and cheryl ...think about nora and mary louise from CW the vampire diaries...i mean, they kill them both and that pissed me off. i really hope toni and cheryl end up togheter, they would fit it so good. i hpe too that in the shannara chronicles eretria and lyria continue as a couple.I would hate that they have only used the relationship for 3 episodes.
he's so \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nORANGE
KJ hasn't seen Scream or Stranger Things! He has to get onto that at some point.
He is so sweet and cute i cant
Sorry am I the only one who didn't know he wasn't American??? *im shook*
Does anyone notice the yellow patches 😂😂 fire the make up artist HAHAH
umm who is he and where have I been all this time?
what a perfect human
Hey guys my name is kj and my accent makes me 100 times hotter then what I already am 😍😍😍
...okay, admit it, who brought up Stranger Things?
1:43 oooo he seemed surprised/like it’s true lol hope not thooo
IS NO ONE GOING TO POINT OF THE SABRINA THING
he seems fun and cute here instead of a bit snoby like I thought he usually acts lol
thats some weird colored hair and eyebrows...  you are prepping for halloween... ok we get it
I would actually cast KJ as Wally West if it wasn’t for Keiynan Lonsdale
I never knew he was from New Zealand until I started hearing him talk
I SWEAR TO GOD IF CHERYL AND TONI AINT TOGETHER I'MMA CRY
He's so cute when he laughs 😂😅
Ok the stranger things one got me shooooookkkk
The end laugh was so cute!!
Wow I felt like I was the only person who hasn’t seen Stranger Things! Guess not! Lol
I actually had a theory about miss Grundy before. I can’t remember fully cause it was long ago but I think it was that she’s actually a murder who murders young boys and I was predicting that Archie could have been next. Lol I’ll try to find my fan theory because I think I might still have it on a post somewhere
never realized how pretty kj's eyes were until now
how has he not seen stranger things??
OKAY, but did Cheryl unintentionally (maybe intentionally???) murder her grandmother? Because she burnt her house down in season 1 and she was safe outside the house, and Penelope was safe outside the house. WHAT ABOUT HER GRANDMOTHER???
His laugh I can’t.
KJ Apa is an passionate actor.
KJ looks like the guy from temple run in this haha
Thank you so much *Elle* we riverdale fans do not take this for granted.
Look at my boyfriend being all cute and shit
I love KJ but why hasn't he seen Stranger Things
reflexes KJ 👍👍
Kiwi boy
Omggg his heart is wayyyy lighhhtterrr
0:45 fuckkk yess. BARCHIE WILL RISE
Nooo I need Varchie to last 😫😭
Hr looks so artificial...so scary and unattractive.
YES BARB!!!!
Is is so adorable ❤️❤️
... 👐💖
what a cutie
He laugh is so awesome 😂😂
hymmm
Wow riverdale has me shook
1:41 a new perspective
“Gnarlyness” - KJ Apa 2k17
Woah
Kj is my actual dad
SUCH A HOTTIE
Toni Topez is a girl...
Love kjjj
i hate varchie kj i lysm
he just crushed my choni dreams
gnarliness
HAHAHA IM FROM NZ
His make up lools sooo yellow 😂
His laugh 😂😂😂😂
1:29 WTF IM TRIGGERD still love him tho❤️
r u single ? <3
YASSS SABRINA CARPENTER BETTER BE ON RIVERDALE
Ginger have no soul
Ok so going along with the theory about Archie being Jason's twin... have Archie and Betty start a little something if ya know what i mean😏 then Archie finds out from his dad or someone that he is really related to Jason and Cheryl. This makes Archie and Betty cousins and a whole world wind of drama comes out of this because they did the dirty😱
I’m sorry he has an accent what???!!!
Reasons I know KJ is a good actor\n1)he has an Australian accent but he kills the American one\n2)He's just way to 👅👅\n3)he play Archie's emotional parts like there real
Oh fuck off !!! Why don't you do a documentary about the girl who got raped by 3 Asians in east London recently in her own fucking country !!
Fuck all Muslims, and fuck the media for always trying to portray them as the victims.
Can't wait for the sequels; my week as a woman, my week as a jew and everyones favourite my week as a black man.
Muslims are okay. Its their culture they bring along from their 2nd world shithole and don't leave behind. What they instead do is raise their kids and build a community with their shit culture in western country's and we are racist if we don't accept it. Channel 4, how about dress as a Jew for a week in a Muslim area and see what happens. I will watch your propaganda then.
hmm  wonder how this magically made it to Trending. Fuck off Channel 4
Fuck off with this fake propaganda bull shit. No way would the Mum start crying merely at the appearance of her daughter dressed as a Muslim
She actually darkened her face to look more Muslim wtf lol Muslim is not a race. fucking racists
Fuck off
Leftist propaganda
Propaganda.
This week I didn't get stoned to death, SO amazing.
Make Britain Great Again. Britain was a great and hardworking country back in the day. Now, the media sympathises with the most useless group of minorities who live in Britain as if it was Pakistan.
Ahh yeah never mind the deaths of innocent people in Manchester, due to Islamic terrorism, immigrant muslims are the victims here... what a fucking joke.
LOL , I love the hateful comments here. It's interesting to see how low class people meant not to ever learn to write or read. Get them back in the farms. :)
Channel 4 going full cuck mode again. Eat shit along with the bbc 🖕🏻
I love how they make her a pakistan muslim not just a white muslim.
What does the guy shout at 0:33 ?
Why did they brown face her????
These people are fucking racist as fuck. Especially the woman doing it.\n'You expect them to blow something up'\n''Doesn't even look like England'\nFuckin sweaty ball bag
please make my week as a child who got their legs blown off in birmingham
Why does everyone think Muslim=Pakistani. We are not pakis for fuck sakes. A Muslim can be black, white, Chinese etc
You kidding me?...Islam isn't a race...why did she need facial alterations?...honestly, this is embarrassing
What a load of bullshit why does she have to be wear the bin bag to be Muslim. It’s choice to wear it. Plus most Muslims just wear it to be different or to stand out from white people. Silly cunts
Islam has got nothing to do with Islam.
Why don't they just get actual Muslims...? Fuckin hell- always have to get a white person to be the victim, in this case dressing them up with brownface! Stupid.
My week as a Muslim, then a terrorist attack happens... Coincidence I think not, great planning channel 4 👻
kate your sick. this actually brought tears to my eyes. why can’t people just accept the fact that not everyone is white or christian. not everyone in england is english?
Could anyone tell me what the name of the song is at 0:15? I've been trying to find that song for weeks. Thanks.
Wait hang on? They made her face brown? Why?
Next, My Week as an underage white girl who got raped by Muslim rape gang and the police never did anything about it and allowed them to continue doing it....No? Oh yeah I forgot Channel 4 are a bunch of leftist Muslim apologist fags
What about the thousands upon thousands of young girls raped and groomed for being non muslims and white all across the country each year? What about the hundreds of acid attacks? The thousands of Female genital Mutilation or the honor killings? The extremism and terrorism? What about the over 100,000 estimated islamofascists in this country and the over 52,000 jihadists potential terrorists? Not to mention the majority of british muslims when polled think homosexuality should be a criminal offence and support sharia law which is theocratic fascism. It's so disgusting we are normalising theocratic fascism and the subjugation and oppression of women under Islam
This is in very poor taste and has an obvious agenda. Come on channel four, you’re meant to be one of the good guys.
I would love to know why they thought they needed to brown her up and give her a comedy nose. I'm white, English, atheist (from a christian family)  and get these comments every day of my life. In the the last 5 years i have had these knuckle dragging benefit scroungers tell me to fuck off home you paki bastard about 50 times, i've been called a terrorist on the train, a dirty immigrant in the bank, a muslim pedo, had the boooom bombing noise shouted at me, had retards going to the gym say i've got a bomb in my rucksack, you name it i've heard it or been called it. In pubs i've had people say i didn't think paki's drink, in the street i've had people say it's like pakistan round here, a few months ago i passed a group of young (no doubt burger-flipping until they're 70) sluts going whoring on Ecclesall Road, Sheffield and one said to her friend he might throw rocks at me. Not quite sure what part of my white face, rock band hoodie, jeans and converse made me look muslim, but the english are that uneducated these days you get used to it. They probably think Bin Laden played bass guitar for Metallica on his days off from musliming. A lot of these incidents happen in the evening, clearly the vast majority of this country's wonderfully educated citizens can't quite grasp the concept that things (including people!) look darker....when it's dark! Durrrrrr! \n\nThe english are obsessed, they think everybody is an immigrant and a muslim. Most English people these days would think Ozzy Osbourne is a muslim. My great grandfather died in WW2 fighting the Nazi's and to be honest if i could go back in time, i'd say don't bother let Hitler flatten the shithole. I call England a 5th world country and it's entirely because of the natives, otherwise known as brain-dead benefit-scrounging neanderthals. I would love to fuck off back home, but unfortunately i was born in this cesspit and until i semi-retire (hopefully in about 5 years, thanks to my degree in engineering), i'm stuck with all you cavemen and cavewomen. I can't wait to take my money elsewhere and not have to pay for all the working (that's a laugh!) class whores to push out babies to score a council house.
My life as a Christian in Syria there you go
Channel 4 can fuck off with this Political correctness, liberal lefty bullshit..
Ban all Muslims entering the UK.
Channel 4 ... yeah, I'm gonna stay away from that obvious trap.
England is a Christian country, fuck off with this PC bullshit
Did they put a big nose prosthetic on her to make her look more Pakistani? 😂
Hope they show the bit were the husband locks her and kids in the house a pisses off out for day.
FUCK OFF WITH YOUR ISLAM IS A RELIGION OF PIECE BULLSHIT.
AND at 10 hate white people its not racist its away of life 2017
Who remembers when being black meant you was a slave or wearing a hood meant you was a criminal? Well in todays age wearing a headscarf or having the name muhammad etc means your going to blow yourself up. Like seriously anyone with the right state of mind could never take this though on board!
What about my week as a Coptic Christian in Egypt. Maybe, my week as a working class white girl in Rotherham.  Or, how about my week as an apostate in Somalia. Fuck off channel four and your leftist puke.
My week in Brixton dressed as a grand wizard.
Remember people it's not nice to judge an entire religion on what 99% of them get up to in there spare time
One shouldn't have to 'darken up' to portray a Moslem. Islam is a religion not a race.
Its against islam to watch tv so...
They don't have to paint her face brown (which btw just looks like fake tan) anyone can be muslim
Left does the best in dividing people
If you want to have faith in humanity don't read the comments
So a white woman needs to physically make herself look like a Muslim woman in order for people to know that Muslim women are treated like shit? How about you just listen to actual Muslim women saying they’re treated like shit by the public?
What about all the muslims parents forcing their beliefs on to their children? Most people do not choose religion, they are forced in to from birth and from there it becomes to norm, like many things in life, you believe them because that's what you was taught as a child and it's only when you truly think about said things that you get to choose.
Too many ignorant fools on here. #Brainwashed
Or they could just stop being Muslims... oh wait, they would be killed by Muslims for that.
The hate comments are exactly what Isis wants well done non Muslims you got fooled and played 👏
You didnt have to make her face brown not all muslims are asians
Na a think all give that crap a miss thank you very much 😉😊
Why does one have to dress up to be a Muslim makes no bloody sense
Holy shit they brown faces her ..... Hahahahahahahahaha I can't stop laughing
Stupid fucking channel, you’re deluded if you think Muslims are discriminated in the UK, and you can’t keep blaming white british people because that’s your intention and that’s fucking racist.
Left propaganda on UK T.V? Noo, i dont believe it i must be dreaming......
So far from the reality of what's going on in this country right now. Let's make a video about how I had to give up my job and my home after I became intimidated when ALL my neighbours became Muslim.
Wow this comment section is racist.
why is always islam that these channels have to document??!! takes the piss. i swear they're tryin to stir shit up against muslims again
Throw bacon at them
Bruh
Islam is manufactured bullshit
Damn.. those white guys are fucking racist
Keep stirring the pot Channel 4 👍
Fuck channel 4
Why don't you do a program about a Muslim been Christian for a week huh? Pc
Plenty of Muslim dominant countries around the world, if they don't like the way our country works and how our people feel about their system then they can go away. Don't see those Muslim majority countries changing the way they operate to appease us.
Channel Flaw.
LOOOOOOL
Show bobs and vagene
brilliant ,can't wait.
Weather spoons in winsford!!!
Fuck Islam
they darkened her skin and gave her a bigger nose so she could look more muslim am i the only one disgusted by this rn??? there are so many white muslims this is literally so fucking unnecessary fuck you @ channel 4
0:00 \nTrue\nClicks off video
DEUS VULT
Allah akbar
Dirty pakis
So this video has been out for two days, only has 17k views, yet is on trending. YouTube pushing their agenda again I see.
Personally I’d never victimise a Muslim or abuse we are all human all with our own demons,  yes I distrust Islam and I believe that distrust is warranted. Islam is a political legal and religious organisation carrying out its own agenda in foreigners lands, Basically our land. Unfortunately there will be blow back when terrorist atrocities happen from both sides the difficulties are that as Islam is a whole way of life and most Muslims push there political legal and ideologies in foreign  lands it can be hard to separate Islam from the person. As let’s face it Islam dominates the personal identity of  a large number of its followers. For me the  question I ask is does Islam have an agenda in the west and inevitably the  answer has to be yes. If that makes me a racist then every Muslim on this planet are racists why ?Because  every Muslim even ex Muslims believe that the west has agendas in the Middle East quite rightly so effectively we are at war The answer to this trust issues are what ? I really don’t know but I do know this it ain’t going to be solved anytime soon. Until that time the west has to take the threat of Islam very seriously just as Islam has to take the threat of the west seriously in Islamic countries. I don’t believe you need to abuse people to do this . But Islam needs to recognise the Islamic agenda is making people very very uncomfortable people are more aware of it than ever and no this is not a media conspiracy it’s evident that there is an Islamic agenda in the west this is unquestionably true. Just as the reverse is as stated previously. The true reality is we are in a ideological war with sporadic war and violence if this was the 1940 Islamic  followers would be interred so taking the current events into consideration I think both uk Muslims and the indigenous people of the west are coping well. The difficulty I  experience is the threat is so imminent that I’d prefer interment if enemies to the state as our equality has given advantage to the enemies within I’ve never been a racist personal always  try to be logical and rational and at some point the west has to ask and act upon the is diversity good for western values will it be or down fall if we do not act them the west will certain loss this war.
I'm a white European and in my opinion Muslims need to be kicked out of Europe and sent back to the hell holes they came from. Disgusting vermin. HEIL HITLER 1488 🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸
FUCK ISLAM
Up next: My week as a gay white male in Iran
There's a war coming to England.
FUCK ALL OF U HATING ON MUSLIMS FOR NO REASON \nPISS OFF UR GONNA GET NOWHERE \nA WHITE PERSON KILLS- HAS AN ILLNESS \nBROWN PERSON KILLS-AUTOMATICALLY MUSLIM AND A TERRORIST \nU RACISTS NEED TO GET AN ACTUAL GRIP OF URSELVES
As a Muslim, I find this appalling. Channel 4 are trying to tell people that all Muslims are, are people who look Middle Eastern or Pakistani; Muslim women are just people who wear a hijab. Disgusting.
If the law was just, all of you on here abusing Muslims would be killed.
come on channel 4...  send a group of teenage white girl's through a muslim area anywhere in britain and broadcast that on tv ( maybe live )
And the point of this is? What am I supposed to feel other than contempt?
Just want to say hi to all you racists and islamophobes. I encourage anyone with sanity to report these people.
More divided than ever ???
Probably all the people that voted leave are the ones being racist silly fucking northen twats
Do my week as a little white girl being fucked by a Muslim pedophile ring
Bored of Muslims
This song needs deleting of YouTube
This reminds me very much of a Bernard Manning video towards the end of his life where he performed his stand up routine sat in a chair in a club, i wonder if the similarity is intentional? or possibly Phoenix Nights!! All Hail Mozza the King!!
Glad to see Morrissey is back! I've missed him!(:
This Charming Man has another hit on a hillside desolate.
I like his vocal performance and the melody, but the lyrics are a bit literal...and his sudden physical resemblance to Quentin Tarantino is freaking me out.
Great song , Morrissey! Love the words! Be good to yourself!
Sorry but musicians only. That guitar with the fender electric XII hockey stick neck has some piece of crap body! Why would anyone do that? Somewhere there's a classic electric XII body with no neck!!! 😣
Brilliant! I'm loving it even more!
Spent the Day in Morrissey's Bed
Mozza, Barton and a wheelchair. Just had a looneygasm. 😀
i wanna fuck my girlfriends mout with this song
Very keyboard oriented. It is quite good.
I used to think Morrissey was an arrogant douche until I discovered he paid for his own sheets; now I see him as a working class hero.
Oh fuck this just came out 2 days ago?\nThis is dope, but I was hoping I could go download the album. Shit aint even available yet.
one of the best song in 2017
Did anyone else see Joey Barton in the video?
I have this song stuck in my head. I love it!
We know we are old when we see this video.
Spent the day walking around the house on my phone, leaning over the kitchen counter, falling on my bed. Rinse and repeat
This the best Morrissey I have heard in a long time! And the words are ever so true.
like this but fucking Joey Barton c'mon man
Great song and great to see David Hoyle in the video doing his thing on stage if you don’t know of David Hoyle and his work he is a wonderful human being he paints with his own excrement. And is a fantastic artist humanitarian comedian really good decent bloke who iv met a few times I remember talking about how his non belief in gender is what his look is based on he is very very intelligent too and I can see why Morrissey found him interesting.younwill find loads of David’s work on YouTube just type in David Hoyle at the royal Vauxhall tavern or divine David as he used to go by in the 90s be prepared to be shocked and inspired by the man, also Morrissey my childhood hero you never fail to deliver in my opinion my friend this song is brilliant and incredibly jolly for you love it x
Yo,mozzarella my m8 .... Glad u r well, like Agifia.,...no sapiean is an island..,..,,u Northern monkey 🙊👍😎.,..A.T.B.,MY SUPER HERO..MY MOZZA.YOURS ALWAYS,FRASER 🙉🙊🙈🦌
This guy's lyrics are nearly as good as Julian Cope's.
Love it!   That voice just doesn’t age.
I love this song! Brilliant stuff! Will be buying again 🙌🏻
Lord Moz at his finest once again xxxx I am one happy happy man xx
I prefer my Morrissey in a Hoveraround.
I don’t really care for the news never have its BS
And the MTV awards and the VMA awards will never appreciate this...
MOZ PLEASE COME BACK TO ECUADOR
I spent my day in bed!
The Divine David and Morrissey finally in the same room together!
Why the F@@@ is Joey Barton in this video?
So less poetic than I'd expect from him. Thank goodness for such an extensive back catalog. Hope the rest of the album is better.
Time do as I wish... oh time do as I wish.
You were good in your time and we thank you. But I have to grow. Goodbye Morrissey.
Quem curte esse cara  porque do Renato Russo?\nBrasileiros!?!?
There was a comment recently that the intro's to songs were being kept short because people wanted to be grabbed by the song straight away. Thankfully this news hadn't filtered through to Moz.........
I wish we could just spend the day in bed on mass stop this relentless machine in its tracks then get out get together and change things for the better - start with a new 21 hour working week
I agree with your suggestion, I've had enough of all that heaviness I want lightness
So, no more of the world that made the world? We're always back to '67  and the 'summer of love'. There is no emotional order to replace the order of the west. There are other orders waiting to replace our narcissistic weakness!  And Morrissey knows it!
Anyone else seeing a touch of Marlon Brando in Morrissey?
STOP WATCHING THE NEWS
Such a good song
Will he be standing for his heroes UKIP then? And Joey Barton, sacked by Rangers for gobbing off plus breaking gambling rules. Zero integrity here. Good song though.
more like *Spent the day on chair
Jesus Christ Morrissey is looking old
he is so hot
THE LYRIC TOUCH MY HEART... WONDERFUL LYRIC.. 💖
Great seeing the Divine David making a cameo !
but spent the entire video sitting in a chair
I had heard this song about two weeks ago driving home from work it was played on Sirius XM I was immediately excited for the album this song is fantastic, lyrically perfect and the musical arrangement is beautiful (in my humble opinion of course!).
Down vote for none skip ad
fuck the rat race nice one moz
Surprisingly like this, seeing as Morrissey is a serious twat, who writes completely unreadable books.
What a boring video.
Passou o dia na cama!!!!
The poetic and underlined factor is that you shouldn't spend the day in bed and waste your life, he always has and continues to be an amazing poet with meaningful lyrics.
Relatable, the news makes me feel depressed x
Love it!
Reminds me of chocolate rain
Yeahhhh
Meh
This is absolute trash.
Brilliant
Baby bell
awesome song
Me encanto :)
living legend
Morrissey genial como sempre
NO BUS, NO PATRÓN!
Joey Fucking Barton
Ou yes veri.gud te song its petry biuriful así mu
YES. YES.YES.
Joey Barton?😂
Relatable.
asseeekkk
Love this.
Pes 2010 😢
MOZ IS BACK!!
That keyboard is awful
Really like it!
Moz es perfecto ¡¡
Love this
Su voz aun suena tan joven!!
Y recomiendo que...\nDejes de ver las noticias!\nPorque las noticias planean atemorizarte....\nHacerte sentir pequeño y solo\nHacerte sentir que tu mente no te pertenece.\n\n\n\nViva Moz 💖 come back to Argentina
Meh
Beautiful voice, true message.
❤❤❤❤
So so so good!
His voice sounds great
2 cunts 1 video
Moz phoned this video in
Morrissey as Brian Potter! 😂
Top
Apakah ini sebwah pertanda.?
Oh my fucking god!!! Funny as fuckkkkkk
Brilliant.
Loving these business videos :)
obviously, because Walmart didn't sell sex toys, Amazon this more bigger and productive.
Key: Amazon is the future.\nWalmart will have no choice but to bow down in the long run.
I work for Amazon in a big warehouse. They do try to make us work hard and do like twice as much work sometimes. But otherwise it's a great job.
How you make videos so fast
I work at Walmart and the reason why they are not on top of Amazon is because they are not innovative at all
Actually I am not supposed to say this; but I work for Amazon and it's true. Yeah they have great benefits, the pay is decent and with all comes a great cost. Every day you are in an Amazon warehouse; they make sure you are there to work, no cell phones are allowed in the building and they make you go through security every break. Which also adds to the fact that you're being heavily watched with cameras at all times, no matter the hallway, corner, shelf, station you are on, they have eyes on you and you can easily get written up for any reason. Customer satisfaction and customer demand for fast packages every day only gets worst as time goes by, every day new internet users are buying more and more and more, and Amazon can't keep up to be honest, hiring people constantly to fill jobs up, sitting is never allowed unless it's during break. They LITERALLY make sure you are worth what they're paying you for a while shift. Not to mention you have to reach limits and number expectations per day, and if you reach them and your shift is not over, you better keep working because the computer tracks every single minute you were not active and if you are inactive for more than 30 minutes on the job, the managers job is to come by and talk to you about it and then decide to wether write you up or fire you. Amazon's expectafions are at an all time high. But somehow Amazon is still such a great place for me to work at and feel like I'm doing something in this world seeing a different package go by to different parts of the world is the best part.
I work for Walmart and we're gonna keep tearing Amazon apart!
Amazon is way better than Wal Mart.
Average American vs Average Mexican Please
amazon because they sell items that walmart dose not
Amazon is the future, considering the fact that they always do good by me and the majority of people I know of. Positive service leads to return business. Reliability leads to return business. Amazon will get all the business then.
I work for Walmart DC and can say I am paid quite generously. But... I can also say that you earn every penny by the amount of strenuous labor you put in each shift.
I really don’t care which is more successful to be honest, because at the end of the day it makes no difference to me financially   because none of them is putting money in my pocket. As a prime member I simply must say this though. I do not think it’s worth the prime membership fee just to get free two day shipping because 99% of the time I have to go and stand in line at that sorry as US postal station for two hours just to get my fucking package because they always come to deliver when people are at work and claim they attempted delivery which is not always true. I took a day off from work just to wait for my package and they never came and claimed they attempted delivery. Happened more than once by the way. Amazon, please stop using the US postal service if you want to keep me as a prime member because they really fucking suck.
Amazon has a higher ceiling cap than Walmart, unless Walmart completely changes their methods. Amazon just needs to pay their employees a little better if what this video says is true.
Well I've worked for Amazon and never had a problem
If you have noticed, Walmart employs nearly 1% of our country's population not counting people worked there before, it's ridiculous
Hate walmart.... They do a lot of shady things to the people that work for them in the us.
This is a dumb question.
Which Manchester soccer team would that be?
Has 2.3 million employees but there’s only 3 registers open?
Idea:how much tv people watch in a live time
And do you know why Amazon makes more? But they can sell sex toys. A buddie if mine works in the factory and says that's all they sell
I am 17 Syl. I just wanted to make sure if you know. Feel free to tell me if you'd like to hold off on the relationship until I'm 18.
Millenials couldn't remember a time when they can't purchase online? First sentence couldn't get more wrong, for a channel that apparently sells information.\nMy windows 98 barely could handle a floppy disk, dammit.
Walmart master race it’s close by my house and I don’t want to wait weeks the get my product
You should do the Average North American vs the Average South American
you forgot to start that Walmart now sells mostly Made in China goods.
Amazon makes more because Amazon sells sex toys and Walmart can't or won't sell sex toys. Amazon does. A friend of mine works in the warehouse and he says they sell a ton of them!
Jeff bezos is the second richest person in the world. For 1 day throughout the summer he actually reached #1 but Amazon's shares fell.
Walmart has been around a lot longer then Amazon has. Amazon is catching up very fast and will soon take over Walmart. I’ve worked for Walmart and I’m currently employed by Amazon and amazon is far better to work for in my opinion.
Sam Walton started the Walmart practice of busting unions, instead favoring having his workers air out their grievances within the company system where they can either be ignored in favor for the company's interests or solutions (often bandaid) can be sloppily implemented at a snail's pace due to the highly bureaucratic nature of Walmart's system.
Amazon's quadcopters will bring along so many laws. You wouldn't even be able to look at the things wrongly
People will always want to shop.  Walmart won't go anywhere.
Can you make a video on who would win if a world war broke out between the United States and North Korea with their respective allies?\n\nlike if you would love to see this video
Unless and until they perfect GPS, drones will never be a viable alternative for delivery. I use a GPS everyday and a GPS can be off as little as 5 feet to half a mile. Not to mention the kids that will be knocking these drones out of the sky for fun.
For that you require poor desperate people lol, so true, so true.
Currently work at Walmart. Per our disclosure agreement I can’t state anything other than that
Jeff is the richest man
Once the Amazon perfects their robots, bye bye warehouse jobs and hello increased profit margins. I imagine that Amazon will start buying up self-driving vehicle companies soon.
Both are the demise of the local economy.
Did someone say destroying small businesses😂😂
When you buy something on Amazon, you support rape culture.
Predatory capitalist tax evaders. Both companies destroying jobs and other small business. Two monopolies that need each other
You can't use CNN as a source, r u dumb?
I work at Wal-Mart and I'm seeing less and less people working there. Pros, the bad employees get weeded out leaving customers with better ones but unfortunately also leaving them with less cashiers, people answering phones, help in the isles, etc. I see more and more self-check out lanes and more employees advertising online and grocery pick-up (unknowingly helping get rid of their jobs). It's quite interesting seeing the changes from the inside.... for now.
How come we drink drinks, but we don't eat, eats?
I think Walmart wins because it doubles over as a concentration camp
When people have 30 items in the self checkout lane...\n...\nAnd don't have a card when it doesn't accept cash
I dont even leave my house for shopping. Amazon Prime delivers groceries to my home for free and for buying anything else I can just use the site. I havent celebrated black friday in years since companies have been having much better sales online for years. And once I get a Tesla I wont ever have to visit gas stations ever again :D
What a coincidence. Amazon is opening up here in Memphis with salaries of about $29000 a year.
Basically the intro: YOU'RE GONNA LOSE YOUR JOB
if they both collaborate 😐😯
Millennials 1982-2002 just so you know. \nIt would make more sense if you mentioned the next gen.\nMillennials are literally in the transition of the technological advances so most millennials have experienced what it was like before technology started to blossom. \nPeople always forget the oldest millennials are in their 30s.
I love Wal-Mart and Amazon ☺
This is true about Wal-Mart cause im from Bangladesh.
Are these stats also including the recent whole foods purchase? (i.e whole foods employees being part of amazon now)
Amazon. I just spent $23 bucks on amazon and I have prime so my stuff will be getting here in two days. I had a friend working for Amazon she said the only good thing about it was the overtime pay.
You said PayPal was a twinkle in musk eye as if he founded it lol he just merged with it because PayPal was wining
I now have to ring up and bag my own items at Walmart. $200 dollars worth of items somehow rings up to $40 😜.
Both are evil corporations that exploit workers that need to be blown up
In The Netherlands we have never heard about Amazon or Walmart
Ive been to the original walmart
1.Jeef Bezos is from greece 2.the name:amazon comes from a ancient greece story,so there was a village and there were some powerful women fighters called amazonies and thats where the name comes from and fun fact they cuted their one boob because they where good archers  so if  they cuted it they could   aim and reload their arrow faster.Btw im from greek
yup, amazon warehouses suck...it was cheaper to have an emt on site in case someone fainted bc of the hardwork and no ac. they finally changed that after a lot of complaints and installed fans
Walmart rules (will rule) 2nd and 3rd world countries as they have no faith in delivery by mail, their products going through customs etc... Walmart goes into the countries and raises the quality of life almost over night. Amazon is NOT available world wide. Countries with their local import protection laws stop Amazon from selling most things. That was a major oversight in this video. Walmart bypasses those laws by opening stores, employing locals and paying off politicians.
You should be asking which company pay nothing in taxes. *Cough amazon!
I saw a Walmart in a mall in Toronto... In America, we literally build towns around a Walmart supercenter.
honestly, all this video makes me think is I'd love it if we changed the anti-trust law to kick in at a single company holding 1/5 of the market
Walmart has 2.3 million employees yet they cant open more than one register.
you sound like Adam Driver
But i can't shoplift from Amazon
I would shop in neither. It's dangerous for big companies like these to grow anymore further.
I am currently employed by Amazon I would be happy to answer any questions. I am a tier one associate with the company and I have been trying to work my way up. The hunger games aspect isn't true(at least not at our facility) most of the people who get yelled at just stand around and talk then get mad and say they were working, so I think that's where that comes from. But yes please if you have any questions I'd be happy to answer, if I can:)
Walmart has free shipping or free store pick up
lol, you've got several things wrong about amazon. Also fuck Jeff.
Got an amazon ad on this video.
I worked inside of an Amazon warehouse before and it truly is Spirit numbing. They stress the importance of making rate and will gladly give you a mark up, or move you to a different role where you’re left until you quit or get fired. Most quit. The long hours and little contact with the outside world, followed up with near insane expectations and lame pay...makes it a crushing place to work. If anyone is considering working there, please make sure to use it as a stepping stone, and not a final destination, as it will eat you alive.
🐎➡️🚗\n📝➡️📱\n👨‍🍳👨‍🌾👷👩‍🔬👩‍✈️👨‍🔧➡️🤖➡️🚵‍♀️
i really hate walmart.
Pff, easy. Publix.
Amazon doesn’t send me my groceries? So Walmart
How about Sams Club vs Costco?
I like Target better . Less crowded.
Canada vs North Korea
Walmart will vanquish.
I prefer Amazon cause they have kpop merch 😇💞❤
Meijer.
Amazon.
Trivago
Elon Musk didn't start paypal.
Amazon
Roblox Of Course.
:
Amazon is better
Starts off with Millenials\n\n\nClicks awa
Please do Israeli Army vs Gazan Army
upgrade this
There is no comparison Amazon is way better. I hate shopping at Wal-Mart mainly because of the crappy employees. I don't know who trains these bozos but I'm sick and tired of the idiots acting like they are there to try and be cool in their blue vests instead of tending to the customer. If I'm ready to check out shut up and talk to people on your own time and do your job. \n\nJust the other day I went to check out and the black bitch told me to go to the other check out lane. I said why can't you check me out. She said bc she was busy. She did nothing but pass work on to an Asian lady. Wal-Mart is so big with so many people making so much money I don't think they give a damn.
*clicks the video*\nmillenials might not re-\n*dislikes video*
🚨🚨WARNING!! STOP HERE IF U DONT WANT SPOILERS!! THE COMMENTS WILL RUIN THE EXPERIENCE! WATCH THEN READ!!🚨🚨 lmfao
Who else got fooled with the lyrics??\n\n her video is everything though ♥️👌😭
This is so good! Amazing video to go with it as well 👌
this made me cry because its so beautiful but also my friend just recently died so...
AHHHHHHHHHHHH GABBIE THAT WAS AMAZING I'M SO PROUD OF YOU <3
Omg he name is gabbie Hanna now! No more gabbie show😫
GABBIE THIS GAVE ME CHILLS OMG LOVE IT!!!!! And the video was shot so well❤️
GUYS HE DIED ITS NOT A SHITTY BREAKUP HOLYFUCK
It's 4am and that fucked me up👏🙌 loveeeeeeee it.
great video and the song too! <3
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL\nAlso the wall with pictures gives me Life Is Strange vibes :3
Rest in peace The Gabbie Show
Never knew how much arm hair I had until this song and video gave me goosebumps
I love you Gabbie! This is a masterpiece!!!💜💜💜
WHY DOES THIS NOT HAVE MORE VIEWS WTF
Omfg this is amaysing! The music.video makes the song 100 000 000 times more astonishing. I want to download it on my google music but it isn't there anymore . Gabbbieeee! Do you know why??
I love the song sooooo much!! I love your music video, and you look BEAUTIFUL!!!
Amazing song amazing video I love it so much I keep rewatching it and my 51 year old father bought this on iTunes 😂
This is some deep shit\n\n\n\nI love it
I just don't like this song, even with the twist ending
I CRIED OMFG THIS WAS SO GOOD
You don’t see a big change in a person like this often because it can make them very vulnerable, however, this is one of those cases where she took a risk at doing something she really believed in and, well, amazing work!
Wow... \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis video just brought tears in my eyes😢
What the hell... You are soo haunted. You still hear him, see him... Get someone to exorcise your house
I'm so into this that I hit the repeat button too many times it broke 😰
oh. my. god. GABBIE. i hate you, made me cry so fucking hard. Im crying as i type this... So when i first saw the lyric video, it made me choke up cuz i was so proud and inspired... and this whole music video made me SOB... made me think about me and my boyfriend and what it would be like.............. im so proud of you, that was absolutely beautiful. Im envious.
His heart don’t beat at all
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!! WELL DONE GABBIE!!! <3
THE ENDING OH MY GOD
Did Gabbi have a boyfriend who died?
I mean... literally cried. Love this song!!
OMG MY HAWRTTTTTTT. i knew that he’d die in the end the first time i heard this songggg. 😭😭 nice work gabbie it was amazing. ilysm 💗💗
One thing I learned from this song....never judge a ghost by it's cover...haha love this song tho
Oh my god i love this so much. Like so so much. So freaking much. I'm so proud of you for this Gabbie <3 I remember you said that you spent and put in so much on this video and I'd like to tell you that the results are amazing. Sorry its just so good. Ahsfgjehbfnckjsn.
DARK has a new meaning now
Love the song and video but I just imagine behind the scenes and the recording of the two of you,must of been cringey
I fucking love this
I’m shook ... this was everything
You have to be fucking joking me. Literally any joe blow is making a song. WHO THE FUCK TELLS THESE PEOPLE THEY CAN SING?
I love this song 10x more now! I love you gabbie!!!
I \nC R I E D \n💗💗💗💗💗
How did he die?
I don't like you or your content but I'm big enough to let you know that this song is good and I hope you keep it up and continue this type of work.
THIS IS TOO GOOD
where's the sequel to this song where Gabbie was the actual person who killed the guy? \nand for the trilogy Gabbie planned this + her death just so they can be together forever.
Love it! Oh and congrats on 31 on Trending!
Ewww, so bad and so much auto tune... Just stop trying
GABBIE CHANGED HER USERNAME IM NOT READY FOR CHANGE
the very first video I've clicked the dislike button on.
Holy shit I thought this was a typical break up and now he's out of her life , never thought he'd be an actual ghost. Damn Gabbie this is so good 😍😭
Long hair extensions?\nThat video was really good tho. I was shocked about the bit at the rose
Where’s the album already?? This is dope ❤️
Your just a ghost now \nWell I just came from the video of her watching that vlog with the ghost
love you girl,, you're so beautifully talented !!
Your nose is horrendous, but it's the only thing that shines in your face
This is the guy haunting gabby’ apartment
This song AND music video gives me the chills each time, no matter how much I listen to it. Its amazing. I have to force myself back from crying lol. So proud of you Gabbie 💜
Had to pause this because I was going to start crying!!\nThis is so amazing
Why did I just noticed that she changed her channel name? lol I'm so slow haha
Did he die because she drove off of a cliff again?
Hey man, be safe don't kiss Gabbie, she can suck you in with her nose....
Heard this song on the radio in the car turned it up to full volume you slay me Gabbie. Please like
This song is amazing!\nIt's already being played on my local radio station in New Zealand!
I... Wow. Holy shit.
Omg 😢 fucking AMAZING!
I need 300$ can someone HMU on insta Ant062201 😂
This is so awesome!
Trash
Love love love love
HOLY FUCK GABBIE! IM FUCKING OBSESSED! PLEASE. MAKE. MORE. FUCKING. MUSIC.
#21 ❤❤
Goodbye TheGabbieShow
My new fave song
YASSSS I LOVE IT
OMG GABBIE THIS IS AMAZING ILY HGYUFHYTDJHVKJHV
Is this about ricegum
Did not expect a literal ghost omg
My new favourite song go gabbie xx
I’m LITERALLY crying 😢 😭😭😭😭
This so good!!!😍😍
YES BITCH
CHILLS.
This gave me chills...
I loved this!!! The ending tho!!!! Omfg!!! Gabbie Ilysm!!!\n🖤💖🖤💕🖤💖🖤💕🖤💖🖤💕🖤💖🖤💕🖤💖🖤💕
I got the chills 😭😭😻💓💯💯🔌🔌🔌
GARBAGE
YOOOOOOOOOO THE PLOT TWIST GOT MEEEEEE OMG GABBIE THIS IS SO GOOD
Ur nose is big
Ur fat
Generic as hell 😑
Amazing!! 😭❤️❤️❤️
I love it
I am shook
GABBIE LIKE THIS COMMENT PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i cried
YESSS QUEEENN
wait what
OMG ITS TRENDING! CONGRATS GABBIE!
Beautiful
*just terrible* .....
Skinny shamed....now it has a name. I'm god damn skinny and everybody feels qualified to tell me that I should eat more, because I'm so skinny aaaand not always feeling great with my body and still having insecurities....
If we are to believe Darwin then everyone alive is best adapted to the environment . It was sad to me to see the change in my daughter when she started reading teen magazines . The fashion , make up , entertainment , snake oil medication industries , etc , rely on pressing buttons in the minds of the insecure to generate huge wealth from people who have little money of their own . Not much morality when it comes to making money .
Is everyone supposed to have insecurities? Cos i can't think of any. I'm going bald, i'm fat and i'm hairy, but simply means i don't need much shampoo, but i have to wear a hat not to get sunburned or cold; i should get back in shape because it's not healthy and i leave hair everywhere and get annoyed by everything that promotes hairlessness. I don't understand why men and women shave, wax and do all kinds of crazy stuff to get rid of body hair. \n\nHonestly, all the insecurities you mentioned, i would never notice, except for Hannah's boobs obviously. \nI'm into small boobs, but i didn't think Hannah's boobs were that big. \nbtw Hannah, i knew a girl that had small boobs and said the same thing you said about not feeling anything, maybe it's not just a size thing.
You guys are amazing, this is the conversation that need started
I DID NOT KNOW ABOUT THE NERVE ENDINGS IN BREASTS but everything makes so much sense now, omg
I have so many insecurities, they make me really upset. It's my weight, stretchmarks on my thighs bum and boobs, my actual boobs, my thighs my hands and my arms. I also have a bump on my head which is a scar and will never go. So yeah
My eyes are red. It's a mutation. My retina doesn't reflect back any color but red tones. And people get freaked out by them.
My biggest insecurity are my Teeth.\nI hate my teeth because they aren't white and shaped correctly, It effects my day to day life because I now cover my mouth when I'm too close to someone talking or if I'm laughing.
I'm insecure about my belly also, I am 23 and am the heaviest I've ever been (fluctuating around the 9 stone mark and am a size 12). I know Im not the biggest person in the world but as someone who as a young child was neglected and severely underweight until I was adopted at the age of 3 where I slowly put on weight (I was still a very skinny child and even through to secondary school where I was a size 8. being negatively impacted that way puts a lot of emphasis on your weight when you realise that you are the biggest you've ever been its quite a lot to take in. Especially when you pair that with the way my stomach is shaped, it literally looks like I'm a couple of months pregnant and no matter what I do it doesn't go away. So from being skinny shamed as a teen to looking like Im 3 months pregnant (and having a couple of comments on it) really gets you down you know? Anyway, this video is fantastic, thank you for this.
Good for you guys! This is such a cool thing to do and share. Owning those parts of us we don't like makes us feel so much better about them. \n\nHow about a video of the parts of your body you LOVE, for balance?!
It's interesting to see that you two are such positive people on YouTube saying to own our bodies and you're here having the confidence to talk about your insecurities. It shows how human you guys are, a lot of the time people don't realise that everyone isn't indestructible especially on YouTube, it shows how real you guys are and it's lovely xx
This is just the worst thing I've ever seen. My insecurities are my balls are too big, this that and the other. Fucking narcissists
I don't wear 'normal' bras cause I hate the size of my boobs
Another awesome video! Thanks for sharing. Wouldn't even know where to start with my insecurities. Several nose jobs, a chin implant/removal, genioplasty, ear pinning, and scars from the above! I still hate pretty much everything, and hate going out in public. Surgery doesn't always turn out the way one would like, and can end up making you feel even worse than before. I definitely think talking openly is the best way forward. So much pressure to look good these days, and the gay world can also be very difficult unless you look a certain way.
I really want to get my teeth whitened, does anyone know how expensive it is?
I really need to get to the gym I have that flab thing even while standing up
9:14 NOW KISS ME YOU FOOL IM SCREAMING
Riyadh you have the exact same tummy as my boyfriend and it's sooooo cute I love it
50 k views 12 on trending\nYouTube algorithm promoting boring ass channels with no humour at all. That's why lots of funny and edgy youtubers are getting demonitized
See 'How YouTube’s stars are shaming the issues affecting their own fan base' for a look at the opposite to this great video : http://nomajesty.com/youtube-stars-shaming-mental-health-issues/
I've just found you Riyadh and I love this video! Thanks so much for doing it and I'm going to subscribe :)
Are you 2 for real??? You are what's wrong with the world, snowflakes bitching about fuckall.you ain't making people feel better.i just want to smash your heads together.god dam,some people make me sick.
Had a blast watching this One! Thanks!
Why the fuck is this trending this is a waist of trending space
Really wonderful video that will impact anyone, as we all have our insecurities. But, I have to say, the comment about being able to look in a mirror and always being able to see your Dad...that was a really beautiful thing to say!
Don't worry everyone has insecurities. Mine is well large LOL. I'm a real heavy-set guy and I was bullied a lot because of it and well I developed a very big insecurity plus it doesn't help much when my doctor says then I'm going to die of diabetes pretty soon just because I'm big. Funny right?
Its kinda difficult listening to such perfect people talking about them supposedly looking bad when i'm here like help im ugly
I have a condition called Pectus Carinatum, aka pigeon chest, and because of that I always hated my body. I was always skinny - which made my chest even more proeminent. This issue made me never get shirtless in public and even have some back problems as I was constantly trying to hide this proeminent chest. I would just get in a swimming pool wearing a t-shirt and this made be so so uncomfortable. My parents and friends would always ask me things about my body and this only made the situation get worse. I never talked to anyone about this, as in my mind everything was so obvious. In my mind, everyone was starring at me and thinking how weird it looked.  I got to a point that I would refuse going out with my friends because I knew they would go to a swimming pool and they would pressure me to get shirtless. Urgh, awful times.\n\nAs the years passed, I got more mature and stopped worrying so much. I realised that everyone feels insecure about their body, even the ones that we look up to. Besides, my condition is not that bad. My chest is just a little proeminent. However, because I thought about this so much, everything in my mind was so much worse than it actually was. Nowadays, I regret not being myself and skipping so much fun I woud have. I still don't post pictures with my top off, but now I totally accept who I am and I feel it only gets better. :)
oh i have the nose veins too... i hate it.  my grandfather had them and thought the same thing. Then the doctor tells stop drinking that will help stop progress. like really... so understand your insecurity.
getting it off your chest
Irish boy with perfect muscles, perfect teeth, perfect jawline etc: “I have body insecurities”\nMe without all the above: “Well fuck me, I might as well kill myself”
You two young folks have nothing to worry about. My pal Ben once went out with a girl, who got on top of him as they had sex. When asleep and alone, later that night, he likely had a nightmare that centred on Africa, particularly on vast elephant ears, if you get my meaning. OK, nobody's perfect, but Jesus, I HATE those !
Dear Hannah,\nI have had a breast reduction/breast lift and it CHANGED MY LIFE.\nI went to see this top-notch specialist in Paris and she did an a-ma-zing job. \nI would definitely recommend it! \nXx
Just have to say I love your nose. It’s like my fav feature of your very handsome face.
I didn't knew the boobs thing! Oh dear :O\nI'm like him, i like nipple stimulation <3
Abdullah Khan's human rights have been seriously breached. Please view and share. Thank you.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/Abdullah-Khan-has-human-rights-430391800679249/posts_to_page/\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU5i5klLQ9o
Ears are apart of your face/head n they're all meant to stick out a little it helps shape your head n face. You look so gorgeous and pretty with your hair slightly back to show your cute ears. Believe it.
you two are cute
Why is he talking like that?
I quit biting my nails by realising what it was doing to my teeth. I read later that if you want to get rid of a habit, you need to replace the habit with something else. I chose to look after my teeth and my nail biting habit(of 20+ years) couldn't exist in symbiosis :)
I completely understand what Hannah said after talking about her teeth . It's okey to change parts of your body if you don't feel good about them, but when you change them because you're pressured by society's beauty standard it just adds to the huge problem we have now a days with companies exploiting insecurities that they create. Loved the video by the way!
Litereally everyone has those roles, that's like saying you're insecure about having feet.
Your nose is great! Never change!
I had the same realisation as Riyadh about my nose too. All my life I hated how big and round it was, but after my granny (Who had an identical nose to me) died I started to appreciate that it was the thing that made me resemble her, and that made me love it. My dad has the same nose too, so it now makes me happier to think that we all share this trait together.
Also, Riyadh's nose is one of the most attractive things about him (in my opinion)!
i love you guys!<3
I have what's known as gynecomastia which is the growth of breast tissue in men, a.k.a. man boobs.  They grew when I was going through my puberty.  I was bullied for having man boobs by multiple people throughout my school days.  I would always wear clothes that wouldn't show them too much in an attempt to hide them and, even though I'm less conscious of them now, at the age of 24 I'm still insecure about them to the point that, for example, going swimming is a no-no.  I've always been a bigger than average guy however I've lost a significant amount of weight this year and they have gotten smaller but they'll always be bigger than that of an average guy unless I get surgery.
THIS VIDEO WAS EVERYTHING!!! LOVED IT
If this guy thinks having short bitten fingernails is a reason to be insecure..he wouldn't dig stretch marks like I've got lol wanna trade?
Great video guys..really fantastic and you guys are gorgeous.\n\nAlso I want to say lets all be careful of what we say to our significant others...some things can be really damaging
I was bullied for my freckles, because they are all along my nose and under my eyes, i used to cover them up when i would go to school, take pictures or just generally go out i didn't feel that they were a problem until someone said something about it, it just shows how people can affect you. You guys are so brave.<3
Kiss Me You Fool IS THIS A LARRY STYLINSON REFERENCE RIYADH?!?!?!?!?!??! HELLL YEEEEEEA BOI
Riyadh's videos make me so so so happy
For me it's the same for my nose cause I don't really like it and I thought of changing it but it's the same of my grandpa and he is not here anymore so it's something that I have of him
This was such a great video :) \nI’m really struggling with my teeth too, I hate how they look and how they look in pictures and I’m recently engaged and panicking about my wedding photos! \nEveryone else has told me that they’re fine and look good but I just cannot get passed it! I’ve been to an orthodontist to get advice and they have offered Invisalign but omg is it expensive! I’m looking to go ahead with it in November but I feel SO GUILTY about spending so much on a cosmetic procedure because I could do so much more with the money. 😭 it feels like such a vain thing.\nHaving a crisis of the mind.
This was amazing. Thank you so much for being open and honest. It’s so refreshing to hear this kind of dialogue. You’re both absolutely beautiful.
Riyadh is such a sweet cinnamon roll.\nlmao at his reaction to Hannah whacking her boobs...
yeah I have a little Rosacea near my nose that I inherited from my dad.. I'm really self conscious about it as well but nobody ever notices it but me..
You know nothing of insecurities :(
Riyadh, not that you need it, but those threadveins can be treated and removed with intense pulsed light (IPL) treatments! Most cosmetic dermatologists do the treatment.
My insecurity was how big my butt  was when I was going through puberty. I'm 23 now and I've excepted it for what is. To give you a reference my waist is 28 inches my butt is 42 inches , I would wear coats and jackets all year round to hide my shape from people in grade school. Now at this age my body type is desired and front in the media.
And may I add that your picture for attitude magazine are the hottest/most fashiomable thing ever !!! Almost died when I saw them. The pink ones 😍😍😍( jockstrap+pink denim shorts)
My biggest insecurity is my nose It looks like my dad's nose . It's  really big. I tried to accept it but it's back to square one when my sister or brother comment on it
I think quite a powerful perception is the fact that, both of you are genuinely nice people and your viewers really like you. With that, they will only see how beautiful you both are and will celebrate how you physically look.
My main insecurities are my acne (had it since I was 9 I'm now 19) and my stomach and thighs
Ah ye're both beautiful ye big rides xxx
I have a thing about noses and yours is grand.
Its so crazy to watch this since you bith are the two sexiest youtubers i subscribed to :D
I would be insecure abt the washing up in the bg of this video 😂
my insecurity is my boobs, but for the opposite reason to hannah. i'm a very tall woman, 511 1/2 to be exact, with wide hips, but i feel like my boobs are so small for my size. i feel really imbalanced because my hips are so curvy but i have no cleavage up the top. it's silly really, as my cup size is fairly average (36C), but i feel like they look even smaller because of my larger frame. \n\none previous insecurity that i've now grown to love are my stretchmarks. i have them everywhere, my hips, my boobs, my back, my calves, my bum, my thighs, my knees, you name it, i've probably got stretchmarks there. but, like riyadh with his nose, i feel like they give me character, and i like to think that they show how much i've grown and changed as a person. \n\nthis was such an interesting video! thank you both for opening up and sharing with us :)
I genuinely think Riyadh's nose makes him more attractive...
I have always been insecure about my nose because it is huge but I thought that what you said about your nose being a part of you dad that you'll have with you even after he's gone was really cool. I got my nose from my dad too and thinking about it in that way makes me feel better about it. Love you lots Riyadh❤️
Just know that you are absolutely beautiful, i could only hope that one day I could be with someone as beautiful and amazing a yourself :)
Probably the 2 things that bother me the most, is that i grew a foot and a half in a single year (so nearly half a meter, 0.45) and i have stretch marks all over my knees and arms and belly. it bugs me. as well as because of other problems i dont actually have any teeth.. at all. i have incredibly good looking permanent dentures but i always wonder if anyone can tell when i mispronounce something or w/e if its cause my teeth arent real :/
I used to be really insecure about my teeth color, but I got mine whitened this year too, Hannah, and that has made me feel so much better about them! The only thing I really don't like about how I look at this point physically (and I'm 47) is how overweight I am. I think the older you get, the more you just accept who you are and how you look (some do fight it kicking and screaming, but I don't recommend that). \n\nI'm getting age spots now, especially on my hands, and they remind me of both my grandmothers' hands, so I just love seeing them every day. What you said about your nose and mouth reminding you of your parents was beautiful, Riyadh!
Honestly Riyadh , you are so stunningly beautiful! I understand the whole find imperfections attractive thing though. I'm the same.  I hate muscles on a guy. Keep up the good work & thanx for your honesty x x
I am insecure about my small dick. I hate it and it keeps me away from dating.
This is posted on my birthday and I love you SOOO much. This speaks words to me Riyadh, Keep doing you gorgeous!
getting it off your chest PUNNY RIYADH
FAGGOT & A BITCH PERFECT LOL
jeseus christ
Ok then
y is gay stuff always promoted, yous r satanic
I love your stomach
ewwwwwwwwwwwww
Get a grip
Men + insecurity = gay 🙄
I got no rolls haha
11 on trending !!!
OMG Hannah is so cute <3
Brill video; love you guys, justvas you are 😘
Hanna your ears are so fucking cute wdym
Hannah's fun bags are gorgeous!
MY FAVES
Riyadh be my boyfriend 😉😍😂😂😂
remove the gay dude, and it can be female insecurities. Not Female, and confused male, who doesn't have real male insecurities.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe first guy to die when the banks go down.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxHIftZVfrQ
Riyadh would say anything if he thought there was a BBC documentary in it. He should do a documentary on narcissism and humble bragging. (This guy recently posted a video of him in budgie smugglers slowly running into the ocean. Yeah, thats the sign of someone with serious body issues).
He reminds me of a fish but i cant remember its name...\n\n\n\n\n\nOh yea, Faggot.
This is so beautiful guys, thank you for being so honest and loving!!!! ❤
Insecurity: When a 50 year bitch told me I am too short when I was 7...\nInsecurity II: When your bitch 12 years class might bully you look for 12 years\nInsecurity III: When you don't have muscle definition and  a body of a typical Asian (extreme thin)\n\nTherefore, I always feel ugly and disgusting all the time in school. I hate being on the spotlight in front people that i don't want to see. And I injured my knees because I play figure skate as a leisure sport for 13 years and I know when puberty hits me emotionally in the face I won't get tall. Sad fact to know, but there is nothing wrong to be short. Sometimes I ask, do I have to be look a certain way to be reassure the social norm? Nope.\n\nWords of wisdom: Stop fucking bully people because of something that they can't fucking change. You shit people who bullied me.
I miss Lily!!!
We slept like logs, except for the time that I woke up and I thought I was in a sauna. lmaooooo
So great to see the two of you together, you make me smile and laugh out loud. You give off such positive energy. I have missed watching your channel Lily, have a great break
Please please please do a review on The Ordinary Foundation !! I'm so intrigued and ready to buy but want to know how the colour matches up as I'm buying online !! Loved the video, miss you Lily xx
I felt like I was on holiday too! ...from the comfort of my couch while I procrastinate from writing a paper for UNI. Lovely vlog though, couple and friends time super sweet and v relatable. Nice to see parts of London too. Lily seems/looks light and happy, she should take all the time off she needs to refresh/reset, her fans aren't going anywhere :) xx
Miss you Lily!!! Great video Anna : ) x
aizat
oooh girl you're trending! yaaas
I miss you lilyyyyyyyyyyy
Yay lily 🎉
Cute vlog
Female jack black??
Lilly😍
YOUR TRENDING #4 👍👍👍😁
Mark looks like thom yorke!?
We miss you, Lily
http://videofullhd.info/5_kashias18.html
hoes
K
Lily ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Missing you Lily! ☹️
Lily looks so cheerful 😀
Missing Lilly!!!! 😏
LILYYY!
loved seeing lily!
loveee you two together!
I miss Lily 😔
You guys seem so happy, im really happy for lily if she feels a break is helping her, i think you guys are so great together
lovely to see lily! your double dates are always fun to watch xx
Yai!! Anna & lily. Love these vlogs. I missed lily so happy to see her. Love you Anna.
Your friendship is a lovely thing in a world full of not lovely things.
Hi Lily, uhmmm can you come back to YouTube now?!? LOL
Ooh I read about the Gingerline only a few weeks ago as I’m heading to London soon.  It looks great but sadly it’s only for over 18s and I’ll have my 16 yr old daughter on this trip.  I love This Works extreme moisturiser for winter.  I find that brand really good but it doesn’t get too much interest here in Australia. Their pillow spray really does seem to work.
Loved this - makes me miss London!
Lovely to see Lily's face xx
Definitely go see Lily and Rich more! So nice to see you all together.
I moved from South London to Cornwall 5 weeks ago and the noise of Southern Rail trains has brought back so many memories, both good and bad ahahah!!  Loved this vlog xx
Check out Ryan Forrest Composer for epic piano music!\nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fiXVKc5zLjE\n*this guy's so underrated!*
how I wish I live in London
Squatting when you wear jeans is actually a great idea tho
Great vlog! Missing you lily but it looks like you're having a well needed rest! Love the fact you were doing a mini haul in this haha!
China Town!!!  😆 I miss the food there
Don't speak. wow. one of my favourite songs.
Lovely vlog- the two couples together is always a good time! Nice to see Lily! I want to try that foundation also!!
I could watch your vlogs all day!
I don't understand why youtubers all buy the same clothes as each other. A minute ago they were all spending £500 on gucci loafers so they could look the same and now apparently tartan jackets are the thing. And for some reason English people seem to keep calling that pattern check or plaid. It's so uninspiring when everyone is buying the same clothes and no one seems to have their own style.
Around 3.50 I paused the video as my 12 year old walked in and asked me something.  When I got to hit play again, all we could hear was when he farts!  My daughter was cracking up!  The best breaks are the ones that feel like you've been away for ages and like you've been on holiday!
y'all are cute.  looks so fun!
I loved this! I missed Lily, I missed the couple vlogs, I missed the London weekend activities. This filled so many voids I didn't know I had!! xx
Wish The Ordinary would launch here
Ahhhh I miss Lily! This was a nice vlog, you all are so funny together! It’s a shame you don’t get on very well 😂
Looks like you guys had a fun weekend! Just adore you two! So funny, boys are shopping and you two are tagging along... Love it!
You are such a joy!
So glad to see you two together and Lily looking so happy ❤️ can’t wait for her to come back!
Lily seems so happy - happier than she has in a very long time. The break is obviously doing her a lot of good x
i want lily's coat  , great vlog xx
Half watching this just to get a lily fix  🙈 obviously so much love for anna too ❤️
did viewers really think Lily was preggers... never crossed my mind.  but i knew she wouldn't be away too long from youtube...  i saw someone w Lily's coat the other day :)
Great vlog, looks like you had fun!! x
Always lush to c u hanging out together guys♥️♥️♥️♥️
Ahh nice to see lily! Great vlog Anna x
MISS YOU LILY! Hope you all are doing well :)
So good to see Lily.  Glad she is ok.. Great video!
Totally loved this vlog ❤ So nice to get some tips for our next trip to London 😃
Thanks for taking us along, Anna! It was lovely :-)
where is lilys white shirt from??
How lovely to see Lily. The time off is suiting her, looking happy and relaxed. Come back soon!
Love when you four hang out together (even though it doesn't affect me at all lol)
Lilyyyyyy i miss youuuuuuu it madré me so happy to see your precious face
I miss Lily so much :( Great video as always xxx
I rarely (if ever) comment on videos, but this was so lovely I can't resist! I love how relaxed and authentic this vlog feels, a pleasure to watch. xx
Great to see Lily again. She really looks like she is enjoying her little screen break.
This vlog is so amazing! Love it so much 💕
This is exactly why I LOVE being on YouTube - the friendships you can make xx
I miss Lily so so much! It's taken up til now to realise why YouTube isn't the same, and its cause my sub box is lily'less *cries* But she is SO happy, can see it in her face, happiest she has looked in a long time, so if this is what she needed then fab! I just hope she isn't gonna come back unless she actually wants to!
Loved this mini vlog! I really want to stay at The Hoxton , looks so cool. I must buy that foundation at some point. 💪🏻
Aw its so nice to see Lily again, definitely missing her videos! xxx
Can’t wait for a review of the ordinary foundations!!
Using my the ordinary foundation while watching this....
I'm going to London at the end of the month so what are your tips for eating out and some non-touristy sights?
I've just realised how much I miss Lily ❤ great vlog Anna
i'm so desperate to get out of london but then i see videos like this with new brunch  spots and then  i;m like like oooooooooooooooo
I miss Lily so much!
What is this bs
OMG!! NO2 ON TRENDING! 😱 you go girls! 💪 Missed seeing both of you in a vlog 💓
Could you do a review of the ordinary foundations you purchased? Quite curious. Love the vlog!!
So nice to see Lily again 😉 Great vlog!
This was the perfect little vlog to watch on my lunch break! Was lovely to see Lily happy too.
Lovely vlog Anna! And so nice to get a glimpse of Lily again. You are more then welcome back to youtube/internet when/if you feel ready for it @lilypebbles ❤
I stayed at the Hoxton in London and it was awesome! The lobby is like a collaborate workspace in the day and a nightclub at night! It was crazy. They also give free breakfast every morning
Not only do we get Mark, but Lily and Rich! 💙💚💛💜
Your handsome husband, irons!!! Love him, even more!! I always look forward to when you and Lillie do a video together!!
Paused the video to comment and say HOW MUCH DO WE MISS Lily??!!! But also let’s note how happy and refreshed she looks. Take however long you need Lily but come back to us soonish... thanks for this great video Anna. I smiled thorough out the entire vlog!
Absolutely love this video! Do they sell all of the 'The Ordinary' skin care range at the deciem store? I really want to try it out, but I am not the biggest fan of shopping skin care online. \nx \nOne happy subscriber
How the fuck is this #2 trending?
Why are you trending ?
Pls pls follow Kris Aquino!! Her youtube chanel is  @Theaquinos, shes very famous  celebrity in the philippines and she likes and watches your videos!! She acknowledged you in one of her videos. Thanks :)
How does bullshit like this kind of vlog even begin to trend ?
Where is Lily's coat from??
Wait, Lily is taking a MONTH off?! :( :( :(
That was one of the best hitchhiker interactions ever - that was funny!
How freaking adorable and random!
Love this
That was awesome
Very nice
You absolute hero.
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Lucky lizard
cool
Good stuff
Nice good job dude
Keep swimming to cuba
Iguana catch and cook??
What?
Godzilla
Love this!!!!
Way to go dude...
keep swimming to Cuba lol
Noice. Haha. #25 trending.
steve, your  on trending!!!
Galapagos... enough said.
Good karma
Top #25 trending congratulations 🎉🍾🎈🎊!!!!!
I love it
Not all heroes wear capes
amazing brother..great job👍
Not very good bait
That was pretty awesome!!!!
Steve is on trending?!?!
Awesome
Iguana: No habla ingles!
That was so freaking cool! Awesome job.
That is WEIRD! hahaha Nice braddah.
Life of steve 😋😋
my heart is full
this is awesome but how did you find a random iguana IN THE MIDDLE OF THE OCEAN
He took it out there then chucked it in the ocean for the vid
This is my fav video. Like. Ever.
he is such a clark!
What a nice guy
What that in the top right corner 3:04
I just want to know how the fuck it got out there.
That was really refreshing to see. Glad to see some positivity on the internet.
Be kind to the animals.  This guy is awesome.
Aw so cute. You should keep him as a pet
video of the day..
The way that the Iguana just hopped on after the dude told him to 😂😂😂😂 epic
i bet that was the last time the lizard went on a trip with ms. frizzle
I am now a happier person and I will go save lives now
Oh wow....i am speechless....good for you
This. This right here is kind of YouTube videos I want to see on the trending page. A1👏
And thats where marine iguanas come from
I love how he is genuinely trying to have a conversation with this iguana. Great video.
guy take lizard out with his boat, throws it in the water, then starts filming
what els was in the water look at the time 3:02 in the top right cornet
You're so sweet and nice. Thank you!
Just seeing your video made me proud to be part of the human race. Honestly man you have good karma thanks for the video
yo what is this nigga put the iguanas there just so he can make this video I know it's kind of cynical but that just came in my mind
Should of sent the iguana to a wildlife reserve instead of moving him to shore. Iguanas are an aggressive invasive species to Florida.
Iguanas can hold there breathe under water for 28 minutes so technically it wasn't quite saving the iguana but it was still very nice to help the little critter it looked like it was getting tired so in a way I'd say u kinda saved it
This is the only thing I've seen on trending that genuinely feels to me like it deserves it. Never seen your channel before, but keep doing what you're doing man, looks like a sweet gig.
This is what real trending used to be like before politics and movie clips started buying spots. Great video!
Man, I wish I could shake that guys hand!
You Rock my friend!!!
Sorry to say peeps but he actually put the iguana in the ocean then started filming y'all are dumb af
Oh, that view is a beaut. Thanks for the nice sights and save!
This dude is high as fuck.
Rawr. (I always appreciate when humans try to talk to us reptiles like we understand them. Because we do. Well, loosely, anyway. We can tell if you mean us any harm, at least)
First lizard swimming across the ocean... failed
You’re one of the good guys for sure. I’ve never seen one that far out. Usually hanging in groups around canals.
Would’ve been way to funny if it jumped and got caught in the propellers
Am I the only one who would hit it. Cus were scared
This is my favorite rough business I have seen in a while
some day this iguana will come back when u r in the hospital with no money and pay off ur bills
ughhh why is it so wet
Saving that iguana won't change the world but for that iguana the world will change.
An Asian who talks like a white person and who also talks to iguanas like they are real people.
That was really cool! 69 idiots didn't think so.
WE can not even just barely see it when you first started the video. how did You Know what it was from so far? Maybe you threw it out there and then started filming saying you just found it .......
Very kool Steve!  Great job bro.  We enjoy viewing your videos very much.  Regards
thanks to you very much for saving the iguana.
Ahhh man what's next a volleyball named Wilson?
*Day 32:* Hope seems miles away, I am left behind while my fellow compadre is no where to be found. As the day light starts to fade, food rations are now scarce... I can no lon..\n\n“Helllooooo, what are you doing out here?”
What a beautiful iguana, thank you for saving him!
I love how it nodded want to turn he was almost home like he was agreeing with the guy lol
Did the little shit even offer his gratitude with a thank you? I've never liked iguanas 🦎. Terrible people.
THIS MAN IS SO PURE
This is awesome!!!  I'm so glad you were there at the right time for him/her!!  Thank you
Lol he was lost
Finally some quality content on YouTube
Take him on your next trip
Wonder how long it can swim before it looses all its strength and drown?
Actually they are capable of swimming for miles. A lot of the eastern Caribbean islands got their iguanas from South America
That was so sweet. :)
This is some serious sweet video, lol! Thank you for sharing! Awww, poor little guy!
This is fake the iguana is a paid actor
Did this man just bring an invasive species to shore?
I wonder what that iguana is doing right now
I love the way you spoke to him lol and agree it's pretty cool how he knew to get on (to save his life) and then when to jump off. Thanks for helping him 💗
This is total bullshit.   He took that out there and it swam back to him
I love it... any song that sounds like the 70’s and 80’s.. this, The Weeknd, Jamiroquai, etc
What is wolverine doing in this video?
Who has the drugs?
Ben looks so old, Andrew's vocal is fantastic c:
wow what a master piece. nice new look genius
Can't wait for Me and Michael
who is the girl playing keyboard
Dam this is great!
So it's like, The Cure, but if they we're really self-aware hipsters. ...?
Is this supposed to be satirical?
I thought it was a Bear in Heaven song. Sounds toó similar.
In love with these retro sounds!!! 😻
It'll probably grow on me. But let's talk about how much he looks like the offspring of Robert Smith (The Cure) and Edward Scissorhands.
Thanks for beautiful songs <З. I want to listen this again and again!
Was here at 800,000 views I'll come back when I here it on the radio✌️
Loving this 80s vibe very Depeche Mode feel from it
Ben’s face when his with the whip #lit #respect
I thought this was Flock of Seagulls for a little bit.
music video that become increasingly degenerate, ending with some femdom and makeout session.
3:35 So on point with that whip.
The last minute or so is such a great climax
Where have you BEEN
after all this  time?
Robert Smith is that you?
WHO IS THE GIRL AT 4:33??!!!!!
Time to whip out the tissues and watch some porn.
MGMT has always been one of the best. This album is going to be tasty
The goth kids from south park finally made a song
Hooooly fuck welcome back guys this is fucking brilliant!!! I could not have been more satisfied!!
Was really into the video til I saw the cloaked figure holding the vape lmao
Sounds like Bauhaus molesting The Cure while Joy Division jerks off
someone know that 80's snare ? Simmons drum?
Am I the only one that is in love with this little goth chic on the drum sampler?
The sound effect at 2:49 sounds like when you get a star on mike tyson's punchout for NES. Anyone else getting that?
Should be Mgmt- little dark age/ mass fruit murder
Wait was that Conan Mockasin and King Gizzard??
THIS IS MY HALLOWEEN MOOD
I was literally JUST reminiscing on this band 2 days ago :')
You can never unhear this.  Little Dog Cage.
Are they back in the game
Has a devo sound to it
Is this on spotify yet?
poor ben just wants to live a peaceful amish life but keeps getting bothered by bdsm anne rice fans
MGMT it's back and better, since Congratulations they weren't that good. But this is an amazing comeback.
Long time no see
Song of the year.
I usually don't like modern music, but I LOVE this song! Major props for this masterpiece :)
Empire of the sun +  The cure = Little Dark Age
god they are just as weird as ever and it's amazing
The whip crack with the zoom in on the face gets me every fucking time.
Connan Mockasin  in a MGMT video?, now i can rest in peace :') .
rad like Depeche Mode meets Pink Floyd with a Cure look
So the UK's 1980's electro synth movement is happening again.\nNot a bad thing mind.
some good darkwave shit to make us feel goth, perfect
Andrew what did u do to your hair why did u cut it im sad :(
This is nowhere near what I was expecting... but I'm glad.\nThis is great.\nGlad to see they're back.
Oh they still going?
we get it death.....you vape!
Here before 1M Views
3:42
OB SESSED
Fuck yes.
OMG
F.CK awesome, mgmt is back <3
80s forever.....
Love it!!
Connan Mockasin
also 3:32.
Robert smith :v
😍😍😍😍
Pretty spooky 😎
*Extreme Taika Watiti vibes*
Conan mockasin lol
AWESOME
Ugly skinny girl
holy shiiiiiiiiiiiit
This song is awesome!
Yo Connan Mockasin
my homie Connan Mockasin in the video
Welcome to 1988
There fucking BACK!!!!!
ABSENTA MMMMMMGMT...  :)
😍
Amazing
MGMT = awesome 🌋
Connan ...
0:57 Hello.
My fucking Halloween jam ! 🎃
This is funcking my brain!!
More mgmt please, anytime anywhere! Thank you
Darkwave is back?
Bitch, I’m dancing
Awww hell yea, welcome back 😢😢
The 1980s.
YOOOOO THIS ALBUM IS GONNA FUCKING BANG
Typically Unoriginal Comment
pompous faggots with a bullshit fanbase
Is that Connan Mockasin?
Connan Mockasin
hipster music
I like how they had cameras there to capture it.
This my son, is how gingers are born....
Us kiwis like our stars
and there is that guy \nwho still believes that the earth is flat
I'm so confused.. are we gonna die or nah?
How is this NO. 1 on trending in my country???
Is space related to science?
I'll take your word for it.
A brave cameraman out there in indeed.
What's this music?
*2045 fidget spinner*
So if I spin two round balls and when they collide, earth will be destroyed under the sheer impact?
And why is this trending?
think how many planets likely just vanished during this event.
The new sneak peak trailer for Guardians of the Galaxy vol 3
Some stars burn out and die, bigger stars burn out and die with *passion*
Disney animate too...what's the point?
rip jimmy neutrons
I wonder if god farted or burped and it made this happen
Would those colours actually be there if this event happened in real life?
Does this happen when im having sex?
the comments are mint
O LOOK 2 NEUTRON STARS LET'S MAKE AN E X P L O S I O N  - god 2017
Would be much better with Hans Zimmer interstellar soundtrack for sure.
Boom!
If we where gonna die the burst would have been toward us , we wouldn't have been able to see the stripes
Who thought this was about that strange orange glow in england a couple days ago
While most people worry about where the heavy elements originate from, relativity is no longer just a theory. It is now observed. We have many observations of time dilation due to gravity and now we can confirm having observed distance dilation due to gravity and only just now having been validated by the visible light of a kilanova. Relativity is here to stay. It's not just a theory anymore. Relativity is science fact.\n\nEnquanto a maioria das pessoas se preocupa de onde os elementos pesados ​​se originam, a relatividade não é mais apenas uma teoria. Agora é observado. Temos muitas observações de dilatação do tempo devido à gravidade e agora podemos confirmar ter observado a dilatação da distância devido à gravidade e apenas agora já foi validado pela luz visível de um kilanova. A relatividade está aqui para ficar. Não é mais uma teoria. A relatividade é um fato científico.
since the two black holes last year, lost a significant amount of mass, due to producing so huge an amount of gravity wave distortion universe wide. several solar masses of energy was lost. the question, and I may have to figure it out myself, is, how much mass, over this length of time, 200 miles wide, was lost here. this would reduce the equation of state, because the end result may be much less than the 2.1 solar mass neutron star already seen.
Watch this while listening to Neutron Star Collision by Muse
The aliens are coming!!
Lol all the simpletons saying the earth is flat XD
And that's how babies are made.
This is the magic of reality
Just pretend we knew what this meant and didn’t just think look at all the pretty colours
What dose the mean anyone?
well that's hot
Me when I discover that 2+2 DOES EQUAL 4!
I can already see this being used for shitty earrape  memes
I knew that would happen........😂
gravitational waves were first predicted by Professor Albert Einstein.
Ooooohhhhhhh why couldn't it be longer.?  Great stuff\nWhat happens to the neutron stars?
in death we are most beautiful
Wake up SHEEPLE. The Earth is flat. There's no such thing as stars or gravity.
They should have got Zack Snyder to direct this and Hans Zimmer to score it.
This is the work of the sailor senshi
holy god
ok
Beautiful x
1,618 ...
Explosion came from Goku achieving ultra instinct form
Fire at will
So wtf happens now?
Pls song
*Quality content*
This looks absolutely... STELLAR!
Arcade fire?
That is fantasmigorical
This is trippy
introducing the new PS5 start-up
😯😯 ohhh my 😍
Quality
Спасибо красиво.
K
super informative
pish
That explosion was spectacular
Yes! Trending
Amazing
Theists be like 😕😱
The earth's flat
NASA is my space station
Have we entered a new era? An era of light and gravitational waves... An era of neutrons stars. Something we can now see that we couldn't detect before
Can someone explain to me how they just happened to find this when it's 130 million light years away? 130 million light years means it happened 130 million years ago. So they just got super super ultra ridiculously unbelievable unfathomably rarely lucky to find this event that took an earth week to happen but occurred 130 million years ago 130 million light years away and NASA just so happened to have multiple instruments all pointed at the exact same event even though they did not the know about what it was until after they got the radiation and light measurements. Can anyone explain that?
*is there anything more beautiful in the world than this?*
No coments saying this is about god?
Just another nuclear bomb testing in north korea...
Is this what people see after taking drugs 😂
I recall Brian Cox  theorising that the energy produced from this collision will scorch the earth, and that’s how the world will end
I don't believe gravitation waves travel at the speed of light... If they did the entire mass of the universe would be in constant collapse right after the big bang but studies prove this isn't the case...
Is there a name for the song?\n\nIf so What is it?
Stuff from Nasa should be trending more often
Fuck athiests
I saw this live, was crazy.
Why are people so excited over this speculative simulation. Relax it is not real.
Completely inaccurate depiction
Wow, I never realised we could get cameras that close to stars, wonder how they found them, really lucky
The earth is rectangle.
It’s pretty cool we got a talk from the people who detected it a week before
Welcome to Minecraft gaming by\n *Insert typical Minecraft username here*
Question, Animation shows each neutron star releasing gravitational ways before the merger, how is this possible? Aren't gravitational waves only released after the merger? Due to all that mass collapsing onto itself? @NASA
Ain't no doomed neutron stars cos ain't no universe cos ain't no globe Earth.\n\nCome at me globalists.
Space is amazing
Song ?
Is maths related to science?
Is this a trailer for Sonic Mania? \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\njk im not dumb
What a load of rubbish. Science FICTION
Was very pretty now what is actually going on????
Hey  viewers  watch  thunderbolts  project  ,on you tube , called  impossible  neutron star . This vid gives a different perspective .  Problems  arise  when theorists  assert  their  observation  instead  of  presenting  it  as  a  possible  answer.
Science is a social construct. God is the creator.
Where's the moment that she says I like the spoon , though
I’m obsessed with the flying lettuce part, I can’t.
50,000 views and trending gets a big thumbs down.
aaaah drippy chocolate... oooooom ahahah so damn adorable =D this is what I needed, she put a huge smile on my face. i can sleep in peace now ahaha
Watching children eat food on YouTube in 2017 guys. What a thrill.
She reminds me of the little cute girl in despicable me
So great videos published on my birthday!!😆😆yayyy
By farrrrrrr my favourite kid on the channel. Love her!! So sweet and sincere
I'm stealing her food grading system.
I love her facial expressions! If im gonna do animation in the future i will definitely study her for references hahaha!
She’s my favorite kid!
Can we have just a 10 minute montage of Clara eating food plz.
Name something that is unstoppably voracious and unfathomably cute!
clara clara clara if clara is in the title or thumbnail i click and leave a like
Clara is my absolute favorite!!!!! Such a funny, clever girl.
Clara is BY FAR my favorite kid on hiho
It's not good, but I will swallow something like that..
Clara is my spirit animal! She's my absolute favorite and soo hilarious! More videos with her please!
You can tell if she was dress by her dad or her mom on the video lol
She is the best <3
The people who disliked wish that they could be her
MY KWEEN! 😃 👑 👭\nCome and live with me in Australia- I will feed you whatever you want, we will have fun and travel the continent with our joint International Clara Thumb Grading System.
I miss Clara :c barely see her now in the Kids Try videos :c
she is the cutest..
clara would be a great muk banger
she is so cute
The question at the end is what i have in mind!!! Does her parents feed her?😂😂
Why is clara not in the videos anymore? 💔
2:02 I guess she CLARA-fied how the chocolate was.
You should let them try Peruvian food
i wish i will have a girl like he adorableness
where's i like the spoon tho ? the best part of clara
Can somebody link me to the full episode of number 2, pls?
How can they miss out when she asked if she could eat all of the rainbow cake!
This kid is every parent's wish. She eats everything!! Love you, Clara!!
Love her, she's too cute!
She is my absolute favourite I want her!
With her, there's no worry about mess - just shove that food in da mouth! LOL
Clara is the best one. She appreciates food!
wooooo there are 18 dislikes 😡 What is wrong with them, they are crazy !!!!!
I love ❤️ this little girl so much ❤️❤️❤️💋💋💋💋❤️❤️❤️
She has the best reactions to food! Love her!
I absolutely love Clara. Eating like there’s no tomorrow! Lol and that accent. Adorbs.
All the kids arw cute but Clara is hands down my favorite. She is so adorable and sweet
Oh my gosh she's super sweet, the cute girl ever!!!!
She like a cartoon character , to cute to be real
Bless this little girl. I wish she will have a bright future. We all love you Clara.
I miss Clara. Why has she not been in the recent HiHo videos?
I watched Yea it's so good expression for a million times.
Clara is the best
This is so cute and adorable😇😇😄😄👧
1:21 she had never given better answers I swear😂😂😂
I know i should'nt but...\n\n\n\n2:00 *BITCHES AT THE CLUB BE LIKE*\nduh...\nShe's still funny
I’m a simple woman. I see Clara and I click
She's so cute 😭😘
A true foddie😘 i love her❤😘😘
FINALLY MORE CLARA!
She is adorable....
Aww I miss Clara!
Clara is special
Clara made the Trending top 50! :)
LOVE that girl
my favorite then ernie!
I love clara😂
She’s my absolute favv
Such a lovely kid!!!!! 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
so adorable 💕💕 💕💕 💕
Clara is my favourite!! So adorable!!!
I love watching Clara eat!!
Yay! Clara!!!!
Petition for julianna, kiara and miya travis on hiho! Please!
Clara is my spirit animal hahaha
My brain popped
Hi hiho, this is reuploader your video https://youtu.be/sTI_cIe8isk
Clarita!!!
she’s adorable
Adorable Clara <3 <3 <3
she is lovely
Love her!!!
whyisthistrending.jpg
Clara so cute
Love her
Yay finally so happy
Where did Clara go?
My spirit animal
I love Clara.. 😄
it tastes like raspbewwies.
I love her
awwww
My favoriteeee <3333
This girl is adorable!
Clara is 22 on trending ♥️
Dwippy CHAWKLIT
❤
YES YES YES.
Clara is yes.
My favourite 💕
Never grow up Clara
Gotta have the seritcha
She is so freaken cute☺️😀
In the UK, the entirety of the BBC knew about Jimmy Saville being a pedo, but did nothing about it and let it continue because they didn't want to rock the boat. In Churches, pedophile priests were moved from diocese to diocese everytime the locals became aware of their perversions, and the best one to move them was Ratzinger, later Pope John Paul II. Everyone knew it was happening and even joked about it, but no-one did anything. In London, the British Parliament under Maggie Thatcher were practically spilling over with pedophiles and perverts, and the entire Parliament knew about it, but it was bad for your career to stand up so no-one did.\n\nI'm sorry to say, but when you have positions of power, people with incredibly evil predatory ambitions will seek those positions out to get access to what the normal public cant. That will always happen. But it's too sick and wrong that people who are normal, WILL NOT SPEAK UP WHEN THEY KNOW ABOUT IT. Like fuck me who cares if you have to take a regular 9-5 office job after, you stopped some poor kid (including young adults) from being taken advantage of! Speak up and speak out. The whole damn place is rotten to the core with people who kept silent and knew.
Harvey Wankstain
This guy is not funny
western culture  in a nutshell
Now I know why DKNY reminds me of a word-jumble version of the word donkey.
Holy fuck he's not talking about trump. That's shocking.
This is what happens when you are on the outs with the Illuminati.
My only question is why haven't we heard from Gloria Allred yet? That ambulance chasing, media whore is conspicuously absent from this train wreck.
The chick with the pony tail looks like Alice the Goon from the old Popeye cartoon
Kinda proves what a lot of people have been saying... Everyone in hollywood seems to be hiding shit.
If Donna Karen's right, then I guess she's asking for some fucking saddle soap, because her face looks like a weathered scrap of leather pulled over a skull
Did nobody speak out because he was Jewish? Did they fear being labelled an 'anti-Semite'?
john oliver reads a script beautifully
Yeah it's just rape, assault, sexism and other locker room behaviors, so it's ok... Just relax! WtF!!!
You knew Oliver...and you're making jokes out of it, not funny. Go home to the UK
You complicit depraved person, how long did it take you to cover this?
South spirit value modern remove main fee repeat auto uniform refugee lay.
Donna Karen is one ugly bitch
Donna Karen is right though your dressing procacative and slutty you're clothing is saying come fuck me and turning men on. Don't be mad when you attract some nut job who will act on his animalistic instincts. Eat a dick sjw and liberal retards facts are facts
wtf is that thing!!! @ 1:25
John Oliver is a traitorous piece of talentless crap. He can only read from a Teleprompter, not even his words, the words are put there by his masters
I really love how John Oliver only spent 2 minutes on this. While in literally EVERY ONE OF HIS SHOWS he manages to spend 10-20 minutes on Donald Trump alone. EVERY SHOW! Stop pushing your democratic agenda you fuck.
Uh, she is the only honest one. Women will do anything to gain power or money. You dumbasses. Women aren't victims of anything. Why not just walk around topless. Let me know how that goes. Grab em by the pussy. If it was a rock star or NFL player who said that than they would wish it to be true.
I love who you people try to act like your shocked by this.\nYou fuckers have known about his behaviour for years.\nYet because you have a troll shielding mentality, you just swept it under the fucking rug.\nFucking disgusting.
Donna Karen is a foo.
i blame women, ya say you want an assertive man that knows what he wants and takes it, but when we do you wanna scream sexual assault, smh
Why am I not 50 points ahead she screams.  Because you are BFF with Harvey Weinstein.
The academy are a bunch of weasels themselves. There are stories coming out that this Jabba the hut looking mofo has been doing this for years and people knew of it I'm sure the academy knew too. They only say that statement now to cover their asses, there are probably more people like Weinstein in the academy as well.
Lol using TMZ as a a source
Wow Hollywood actors are hypocritical!? I wonder if there was a constituency whose been saying this for years!
Fake news. Multimillionaire limousine liberals are perfect and above the law.
Are you a dumbass John? Of course it matters how woman dress dumbass.
15 minutes on Equifax, 2 minutes on the unraveling of Hollywood. Some might correctly point out that you're minimizing this story, you fucking hack.
she looks like F Murray Abraham in drag
Donna Karen is right and wrong!
Weiner and Weinstein two perverted pedophiles with weiners that can't keep it in their pants.
♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
I take it none of them got the part they were promised? They all do this your fav celebs engage in these activities.
Harvey is one of the king Jews in Hollywood and if you cross the jews in Hollywood you do not work.
John Oliver had to suck Weinsteins dick once.
Hey John.....I don't think that women that frees sexy are inviting sexual harassment- but - women that play along as long as it gets them the role they want are enabling it....and many women did - apparently......til they saw more dollar signs in finally coming out against him.   He's a pig - not doubt ...but the women that went along with it were Hollywood whores.
She's  probably taken it back since.
People are just not defending him because his story blew up- what about the other actors/actresses?
Donna looks like sporty spice if she was 100 and still dying her hair.
They are all druggies, pedophiles, and rapists. Come on people are you really that blind. Don't act like they aren't all doing this kind of shit. Every time an actor dies they are all dying due to drug overdose. Wake up people, quit using these people as a means of political insight and think for yourselves.
Jews protecting other Jews criminal behavior...color me shocked.
This. Thank you, John. They are trying to teach us to accept the unacceptable, tolerate the intolerable, let them dominate the indomitable, and subjugate the adamant. Thank you for standing up.
John the cuck oliver has probably given Harvey a handy.
Wow Harvey Weinstein looks like Chris moyles in that picture
Jesus Christ, I thought I was hideous. Donna makes me look like a work of art!
Who fucking cares! Get a damn life you sad cunts.
Of course all these Hollywood liberals are nasty and sitghusting... Stupid ass holes,.. Liberal American Jews who run Hollywood and the music industry need to go!
How do you find a jew\n\n\n\n\nFollow your nose\nNose\nNos\nNo\nN\nNo\nNoo\nNoos\nNoose
This behavior had been going on since Hollywood began. Even as these people come forward about what Harvey did to them, and talk about what other producers and bigwigs have done as well, no other names are being called out. They're still being complacent about this sickening behavior to protect themselves. Makes me wonder who Harvey pissed off to make it all right to come out against him.
Just look up images of the dresses Karen designs, dresses slashed to the thigh, low cut, tight shiney materials. \nSHE is dressing women in the way she is suggesting makes them legitimate targets for letchers like Weinstein!!
support Harvey Weinstein is under now way excusable, but it really does not make sense to me why men dress code is full while women show a lot more skin. Practically a short wind blow would make The Modern WOMAN naked... should men also start dressing with their members out or a small cover on it..... what will that say to the society....  I say stop displaying WOMEN and problems will be solved.
I'm going to have nightmares after seeing Donna Karan. There should have been some sort of warning.
i dont want to be an asshole but..... before watching the video i REALLY didnt know if oliver was going to side with weinstein or not, he opted for the smart approach though, good for him
donna karen should choke on her spit.
It's sad that anything with a late night shows host's name gets trending instantly.
RIP due process. Everyone is tried in the media now, and a whole slew of sheep cheer it on. . Yes, he probably did it, but I choose the rule of law over moral superiority. He should not have been fired until he was convicted. Ironic that the same Hollywood scum that knowingly covered it up are now leaping to condemn, and I include the mindless outrage junkies in the comments
I had to Google Donna Karan to find out who in the hell that is!
Hey Harvey the man! He praised Bill for amazing things, he taught him  https://youtu.be/cTo8nGXz2Yw
People. I am not a whack job. I am a very reasonable, sensible, logical person hiding his identity from the people who do not like reality.\n\nI can blow the bubble you live in. My videos will wake you up and provide you the true world.\n\nThe question is: Do you really want to know?
Seriously..  Harvey says he's still going to make movies after all this. What a scum bag. People need to boycott anything associated with Weinstein. Money is the only thing that talks in Hollywood. #BoycottHarvey
Does Donna Karen know she doesn’t have to smile at the end of every sentence?
I understand that, to Americans, John Oliver might seem charming in an eloquent Jewish Mr Bean kind of way, but he hadn't even been particularly popular, or heavily known, in the UK when he moved to America. He was a nerd here. Not even a particularly clever seeming one (considering that he went to Cambridge University), just the kind of guy who pokes fun in order to be popular.
One day I'll be the top comment.
This is standard practice across all levels of power, if you think Weinstein is the last you couldn't be more wrong!
Bullshit you can tell this bitches are lying, so many smiles at the end of each sentence. And people eat this shit up with no proof.
Kudos to John for not injecting Trump into this as so many on the left have tried.\n\nAlso yeah, the fact they get rid of Harvey, but people like Roman Polanski are still members of the academy makes no sense.\n\nMeryl Streep, famous for talking smack about Trump during an acceptance speech, flat out gave Polanski a standing ovation(she was not the only one to do so).  This was LONG after we knew what he'd done.\n\nHollywood is utter trash and sadly the left is trying to spin this to not make it specifically about Hollywood, but about sexual harassment at the work place in general.
Now everyone claims they knew it bunch of retards
Is there any chance donna karan has indian roots??!!
Just like liberals making light of criminals and making fun of the women perpetrated  nice !
What else do you expect from a degenerate kike
People are free to dress however they want but that means taking what comes with it. Harvey Weinstein is pretty trash though...
I guess Harvey raped this british guy too
Donna Karen is a transexual, observe the male shoulders, collar bones, male gaze, brow ridge, inset eyes etc.  Trannys rule hollywood.
Yes, amillion accusations the moment the story hits... Hmm, funny.
New Weinstein Halloween costume....just masterbate into a planter.
(((Harvey Weinstein)))
Classic Harvey...
hes a frickin pig
Hollywood going down finally.
Wtf did Donna Karen said???
Weinstein Typical Leftist.
Get UMMMMMMM : ) : )
'
And his victims didn’t speak out to “protect their careers” but are now coming out in droves and are called heroes. Shame on you ALL Hollywood
Celebrities, including talkshow hosts with all their contrived innocence in not knowing anything. What a bunch of hypocrites.
HW's predatory behavior was an open secret in the industry. There's supposedly more, including paedophiles.\n\nThe code of silence needs to be broken.\n\nI hope more get exposed.
I really get a kick out of leftwing cannibalism!
John, this is like Hillary attempting to shame Washington DC, so get fucked you phony. :)
He's a virtue signalling man-gina.Spineless.
Thats Liberals for you John.
What did casey affleck do? Not doubting it just curious
Oliver is a hack that swallowed Weinstein's jizz to get this shitty show.
Hes yours libs
Practically all of Hollywood knew about Harvey Weinstein and his disgust acts, yet nobody did anything to stop him. \n\nIt just goes to show that Hollywood is corrupt liberal shithole.
I bet you anything he won't even get jail time
This band is gonna be what Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin are now. They are gonna be legend status. We are all fortunate enough to experience them, be grateful.
king gizzard and the shitpost wizard where r u
I imagine the viewcount of this video as 35,000 tiny lizards congregating from all corners of the earth to a singular location where this song is playing and they are hypnotically fixated on it.
*MY WHOLE LIFE HAS LED UP TO THIS VERY MOMENT*
This is something else. Next level Gizz
I've never heard such raw emotion from stu's voice
Gotta move to Australia.. all the good shit in one place!
What in the wide world o sports is a going on here? This has good sound. Did stu finally buy a microphone?
Is this referring to the castle that crumbles in MOTU? The same castle thats in Nonagon and IYMF. \nG I Z Z V E R S E  A P P R O V E D
Polygondwanaland
Wow Jason really outdid himself this time!
Perfect autumn psych!
I can’t believe my King Gizzard made it on the trending tab. I wonder how normal people will react to this?
My boys. Yes thank you.
This band and oh sees get better every time I hear them. Love tripped out music.
I fucking love this band.
So many awesome visual ideas stacked together with the music. I can't imagine how long this took. \nOh, and the song itself is epic.
this gives me the big benis
What's the time signature? Also this is a great song and really good sound quality
Best video of the year so far, this is on another level!
This song was literally designed for people high out of their fucking mind. I watched the entire 10 minutes twice fascinated by it.
Can someone PLEASE tell me how can I do similar visuals to these? I'm totally lost, my guess would be analog editing or some kind of circuit bending editing method but I just don't know
This is next next level. WOW thank u Gizz, y'all rule so much
Maybe one of my favourite Gizz tracks yet! Stoked for this album
They were just in Albuquerque I'm so disappointed I couldn't go
it's alright, but I'm not that into it. it lacks that infectiousness that I typically associate with the rhythms of mr. gizzard. hopefully multiple listens will prove me wrong.
That's gotta mean there's another Lp coming out real soon....cool track!
7:33 - 8:00 It's a fig wasp?
Instantly liked this. I like me some calm, meditative songs too.
Holly shit this is great
Why the fuck everyone just talked to stu
friendship ended with nonagon infinity, now polygondwanaland is my best friend
does anyone else hear the billabong valley melody at some points?
out of the 4/5 albums kg released this year:\n\nPolygonwanaland>Microtonal banana>Murder of the Universe=Sketches
The most psychedelic experience I've ever got from watching a music video. What just happened?! All hail the mighty Gizzard!
new song and we sure new album coming soon :) https://goo.gl/WWUhVU
How was the video made?
perfect for a cup of tea and alphago reviewings
That Mind Fuzz break at 8:24 is pure sex
One of A kinds
1:52 !! Wow holy shit probably the best part
Reminds me of Chrono Trigger for some reason
Listening in 7017 on Europa!
just like me, it keeps coming back for more.....
the changed so much since two weeks ago.
This one is amazing
Holy fuck 8:24- 9:00 is perfect, Galea and Stu created a masterpiece
How on Earth does someone make visuals this trippy
When can we have a Galeavision plugin for music apps?
that last minute is so fookin good holy shit
I wish these guys made more music.
This it like all their best aspects rolled in to one
There is jizz coming out from my pee hole and my ears
Why le duck my microwave go from 100 to 59
amazing!
Lucas' fingers are bleeding.
oh FUCK this is tasty
King Gizzard & the Sonic Blizzard
Helllllllll yeessssss
FUCK
New proggy got me froggy
Fuck yeah
osom
My giz is wizzing!
Fucking awesome!!👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Oh boy
Incredible song, unbelievable video woah
glorious 7 8
terrible de bueno
Hail Gizzard!
Polygondwanaland here we come!
Esses caras não param bicho !
Gizz are back, in pog form!
Tripping my balls off
more
visuals at like 1:25 make me jizzard (joke stolen)
On trending??
Epic
Geez <3
Hell yeah
FUCK
KOOL
God Bless Australian Rock hell yea
#tychons
pure magic
Waaouuuhouuuuuuuuuuu....
My longest yeah boy ever
i cumped in pant
proggy but not prog
4:41 orgasmic
YUP
Bring out the yellow flannel
We don't deserve this band
ALL HAIL JASON GALEA
That intro made me almost not listen to this
i'm gonna have a seizure, not only because of this video, but a new album??
Eggs
I see \nLittle bugs\nCrawling in\nYour dirty asshole
ow my dick
This might be an unpopular opinion, but I really wish that they'd drop the murder of the universe narrative. I don't like this world they're trying to create and it really takes away from my enjoyment of their albums.
Come back to wwe
If it's nappy you happy. Amazing 😂😂
Who thought the dream team would be:\nLonzo\nGelo\nMelo\nLavar\nWe don't need a 5th man!
I still think this guys a clown but damn his dream team is ideal imo
This is 100% legit not a scam come and join https://www.snuckls.com/hctab and https://www.baymack.com/hctab
Yes, here we are making assholes famous.
1:00 He says offense is spontaneous but defense isn’t. However, the defense is the away’s offense.
Lmao some of these tweets are from years ago
He actually looks like more of a personality then a Father living his life vicariously through his children. The dude is pretty funny I'll give it to em.
Laughed so much at the “if it’s nappy u happy” 😂😂
Does he look at girls facial hair?
There's only 2 people in the world better than me, and I'm both of them- Lavar Ball
I’m just here to remind y’all that Lonzo baLL is ass
Respect his legit starting 5.. but would put Hakeem at the 5
Now we got a real expert
I'm guessing he's not putting LeBron and his top 5 lineup because his son has to play against him
This man funny as shut he stop and said creaspy cream donuts😅
I’m surprise he didn’t troll on this one 👏
This is an ugly ugly human being
The question for best modern era NBA team has the Patriots.
A lot more humble today
ima have to fight this nigga lavar if he keep disrespecting me in 2k
I don't care what anyone says. Lavar is a funny guy that loves his children.
Surprised he didn't put Zo at the 1,2,3,4 and 5
Am I the only one who is bothered by his gross teeth
Literally if one team is playing defense for a long time then then the other is playing offensive for a longtime. So... you do have time to chant offense????
Quickest clicked on a video I've done
On the first one
The best BALL player... BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
There’s a question that was asked in 2012
You don't yell offense, offense because you want to give your team the best chance to focus.  You chant defense, defense to disrupt the other teams flow.  Ironically, this hurts the home team and helps the away team when it comes to hearing defensive communication.
How can offense be short, but defense be long. While you're on offense the other team is on defense, and vice versa. This thought has my mind fucked
i have no idea who this guy is
This questions arent even for him
Who else thought he was going to say 1.lonzo ball 2.lonzo ball 3.lonzo ball 4.lonzo ball 5.lonzo ball for the first one
Lol. Why does this guy sometimes have great points and then he just makes no sense at all?
Damn, this has to be the smartest dad on planet earth. I mean he acted a fool for months and created drama to hype his son. Now hes just chill and hanging in the background. Man is just making moves for his fam
Lol if the reason the crowd chants defense is because you can defend for a full shot clock then how is offense spontaneous. It would be the same for the other team😂😂😂
Don’t worry bout your free throw game . Just worry bout getting in the game 😂😂😂 dawg this guy is goat
Tbh he seems like a cool ass dad its just media that makes him look bad
Damn some where deep as fuck he nailed them good
who the fuck is hr
I'm surprised he didn't put Zo or Melo in his top 5 all time team
He does realize that if the offensive possession is quick, then the defense would also be quick right?
I agree with his starting 5 but I would switch out shaq for Wilt
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends!\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus!\n\nHe loves you, friends! PLEASE do NOT listen to the lies of the enemy, Jesus died so that you may live!\nSo trust and believe in HIS Love!\n\nJesus is not angry you, so call upon Him today in sincerity, if you haven't already! You will be saved!\nHe is waiting on you to call on Him!\n\nTomorrow is not promised to us, and judgement is swiftly approaching as well, and Jesus is the ONLY Way to escape it.\nTo die *without* The Lord is very, very dangerous. Make the wisest decision ever; make JESUS your Lord and Savior! You will be forgiven, and Jesus promises He will never drive anyone away when they come to Him, so don't be scared! HE LOVES YOU!\n\nHALLELUJAH! Thank You, Jesus!\n\nShalom, friends!
I just realized how much he looks like Lonzo.
2:26 what idiot put the patriots as a choice 💀💀💀
Who knew lavar could be so chill
This man is literally the greatest
Fuck this guy. His opinions mean nothing. He's an excellent example of what's wrong with society.
If offense is fast and they can chant offense why can they chant defense cause the other players offense is fast too
Need to see that dentist....
1. \nPg. Lonzo\nSg. Lonzo\nSf. Lonzo\nPf. Lonzo\nC. Lonzo\n2. All of them cause they ain't Lonzo ball\n3. Because they need to watch lonzo on d\n4. Ask lonzo\n5. Lonzo I taught him well\n6. Not gonna answer\n7. Idc they ain't zo\n8. Lakers they got zo\n9. Everyone that hates zo \n10. Staples center\n11. The best is zo the worst idc\n12. Compliment ur son\n13. Compliment ur son\n14. BBB\n15. Ask Melo \n16. Neither. Get ZO2's or melos \n17. Don't  debate with me\n18. NO.
Lavar lowkey chill and smart. He just be acting out to draw attention to his brand.
This will be number one on trending by Friday
This would've been the best video of all time if there were better questions for Lavar
Before the video start Imma guess his starting 5 for his dream team. LaVar Ball, LaMelo  Ball, LiAngelo Ball, Lonzo Ball, and his wife
I got a heart attack when he said micheal jordan cause i thought he was gonna say magic, melo, lonzo, gelo and himself at his prime 😂
Thought we was gonna put his son on his dream team...
Why does he look like the guy from key and peel in the thumbnail
Yea but offense goes both ways so if you can’t chant offense for your team because offense is to fast then you can’t chant defense because the other team is playing offense and apparently offense is too fast
Im suprised he didnt put lonzo at point guard on his dream team 😂
Defense by definition has to take as long as offense because if they score spontaneously then your spontaneously not on defense...yea
Krispy Kreme donuts 😂😂😂
Lavar funny af
http://checkgirlxxx.info/12_kieuguirol91.html
Why lavar didn't put lonzo in
My staring 5\n\nLonzo\nLiangelo\nLamelo\nLavar\nLil dicky
Didnt even put lonzo in top 5
3 points!!!
He fixed his teeth
this is awesome lmao
LMAOOOO
This video was sponsored by Krispy Kreme donuts.
LaVar is the *_GOAT_*
He missed Kobe
This was awesome
Lol lavaar funny asf
This makes me laugh
No one buys bbb
The 1st question expected him to say\n\nLamelo ball\nLonzo ball\nLiangelo ball\nLavar ball\nTina ball
Laker Nation, bitch.
Go Habs go
He can read?
*inneresten*
Lavar The 🐐
🅱️EST 🅱️ALL 🅱️LAYER
Cuz they have the best...BALL-player lmao 😂
PART 2 SOON
LaVar a goofy
Yo lavar got jokes
Dude was surprisingly mad funny.
LAVAR GOAT
*12CUP* oh it said *12UP*
How could not like lagoat??!!
The Goat 🐐🐐🐐
LAVAR UR SONS NOT HOOOOOOPPPPPPEEEEEENN
Lowkey lookin like keegan key tho...
Sumone needa knock this nigga out
What did one wall say to the other wall?\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMeet you at the corner once I'm done giving birth to this child.
She's kind of annoying when out of character...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldK9qvRBkMI
She came back to go to the Snowball Dance with Mike
I'm so mad that I grew up at the same time and in the same town as her and I never got to say hi 😂😩
I feel so funky lol If any one knows what line that movie that's from get back to me .
Janitor:this is why I sleep at this school cause they never let me leave it’s always a mess around here
Mike, she’s still your date remember, she’s comingggg
I wonder if Harry Jew Fuck Weinstein molested her.  Jews are killing Hollywood.
I can't wait!!!!
THE NOISES ARS SO GROSS W H A T
Did a 12 year old just blow me a kiss nigger?
When do you think the illuminati casting couch consumes her soul?
I hope they don’t make more than 3 seasons of this, I feel like there’s not much more they could do.
Millie could make an ideal stage Peter Pan! At first glance I thought she's a very pretty boy with long curly hair, and she almost sounds like a really adorable boy.
She is way too sophisticated for her age, like i find it cringy almost. I know that's a bit harsh but... yeah.
Reminds me of that video I watched one time... Live birth I think it was called
Excited for season 2. Millie is such a good actress, especially being so young and playing such a big character :)
Wake up folks, it's a boy.
YES
EW THE NOISES
LOVE her accent 😍😍😍
Who's the new girl? We haven't gotten much on her yet
I'm just still trying to figure out how she'a alive
How can anyone dislike this video
This is how feminists are born
I think Mike and El's reunion is gonna be so sweet! Between that, the new characters and finding out what happened to poor Will in the Upside-Down that's causing his terrible sickness, I'm so pumped for season 2!
I watched the first episode only \nSo do they find their friend?
Oh my gods, I cannot wait for season 2!!
I have a feeling this is one of the first scènes of the new show....yessss you go girl!!!
Close your eyes while watching it
looks like a young kevin keegan
god i forgot how scary eleven was a times I LOVE HER!!!!!
I was biting my entire wrist watching this.
Never seen before clip... cos it hasn't been released yet millie lol
It's very rare to find a cast that works. Every single person who starred in this is fantastic. So I'm grateful to see another season. Only downside, if this continues to be great. The Duffer brother's can rip up their plans for an ONLY 4 season show, cos' this has the potential to go the full hog like 'Supernatural' has and Eric Kripke only planned that for 3-5 season's at most; now look at it. Yeah 'Stranger Things' is a cool show. Love it.
I love her hair so much
I want to ruffle her hair.
When she said in the mean time check out this.... her hand gesture reminded me of every granddad in the world.
look how Russian police tries to stop this man\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sgcDVIfoD0
I can’t wait to see mikes face when he sees 11 again
Me trying to come out
I am actually so excited!!!
Awww yes! Canny wait!!!! A wee catch up wi season one is at hand me thinks! Hmmmm.... *taps lips with forefinger* 😙
I have no words rn
Showed this to my mother, she said this was how i was born.
I have long hair
Glad I'm actually going there for the Friday
That was easier done then said...
I thought that was a boy with curly hair.
Omg omg so el and mike haven’t seen each other for probably almost a year and I can’t wait to see their reactions when they see each other. I’m crying
I literally CANT WAIT !!! It’s coming on the best day possible it’s the day before i go on holiday so I can download it and watch it on the plane 😆😆 IM LITERALLY WAITING TO SEE MIKES REACTION TO EL
There's no way this shit is keeping me from the snowball DAMN IT!
E é nesse momento que vc fala, FODEU
Same A.J Taylor\nI can't wait for season two
Yeah that hole in the wall doesn’t look like anything and certainly isn’t symbolic of rebirth...
her real accent annoys me for some reason...
Don’t let the predators get you Millie!!!! 😔
Want to know more about MCM London Comic Con, 27-29 October? \n\nFind out all about the show here: https://goo.gl/WLvsaR and buy tickets here: https://goo.gl/M7w58g
Holy shit she's English?
please share and subscribe the latest video which covers POSTNATAL/POSTPARTUM depression  in UNDER 3 MINUTES;\nhttps://youtu.be/oVgn12jhmLo
Looks like she might be in Star Wars episode 8
Can you sub me I need to get to 325 subscribers before my birthday 28th October it’s all I would like for my birthday! Besides giving my family more love for the next chapter of my life 💗💗💗
Did I just watch a wall give birth to her,that's sure as hell what it looked like lmao
This is a wig. El has hair now 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I'm pretty sure they released this because it was 11 days until the release date lol
OMG MY NAME IS MILLIE
Ugly kids, proud parents
She looks like Mike!
Millie Bobby Brown Best Poses https://goo.gl/2Ly1s6 Live Video
Boy or girl?
I wasnt expecting that accent...
Tracy Beaker... Ahem...
AH
Wait el is alive wtf yesssssssss😄😄😄
Thank you Millie!!!!!
No more Yul Brenner
Eleven is alive
whend her hair come back
edubs > rive gum
definetly will watch thuis
Give me more!!!!
thats what good pussy sound like
Seen it before
HOLLY FUCK OMG ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
*1:20** Neo...is that you...?*
Awesome 👏
01:16 Ace Ventura any one?
So she was vaporized in season 1 and just suddenly walked around the corner and found a hole to climb through?  Yea, this is super weak.
@everyone PEOPLE OF KEKISTAN! Our noble and supreme kekistan leader bigmantyrone has declared a meme jihad against boston SJW's. We must do our service and shitpost on every social media sight, and spread the word of kekistan. shadilay my friends. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Oh it's a girl.
I think that the demogorgon and eleven are the same things because in the game the two headed demogorgon is used as the monster where one head is good and other bad. So as eleven got out of the Upside Down the other half did too. In the end when El raised her hand the monster raised its hand too in the same way El did. \n\n\nAlso in the game the 7 headed snake thing might be a clue to what the monster is in season 2 😉\n\n(Just a theory😂)
I cannot wait for the sex scene with el and mike
Why are shows like this overhyped aF
Why does she have short hair while breaking out. Shouldn’t she have cutly hair now
Anyone else think it was Tracey Beaker in the thumbnail
So from what I can tell, El can create gates to go in and out of the upside down, or at least change them.
IS THAT A GIRL OR FAGGOT
Wers barbie?
cross now\ncross now\ncross now\ncross now\ncross now\ncross now\ncross now
Adam check if the machine *runs*\nThe machine has snow *blades*\nAdam = *Blade Runner*
GET OFF YOUR ASSES AND GO SEE THIS MOVIE NOW PEOPLE!!!! It's that fucking mind blowing and game changing!!!!
Do androids dream of electric geeks?
I was pushing the refresh button 2 weeks till this video appeared
So awesome. Such a great movie too
Really cool. I'm going to see it next week. Can't wait!\nI'm going to be able to say cool, Adam drove that thing!.\nThanks for making me laugh yet again, you're great Adam!!!
I love how no matter how much in-person bts Adam has seen through the years, he still nerds out like every one of us would. Never change Adam
2:14 That laugh 😀
now all us blade runner fans can spend the next 30 plus years re watching this and always find something new with each viewing . now that`s movie magic !
I want to see a video in which Adam Savage is depressed and smashes everything up in futile despair.
I love the way that Adam is almost like a little kid in a sweet shop when it comes to anything like this- sets, props, costumes; he gets giddy and super excited over the tiniest of things! :D I'm vicariously living out my geekyness through Adam :P
I love the ambience so much in this movie
Is that Ben Kingsley over Adam's left shoulder in the opening shot?
background music sounds ALOT like ghost in the shell original score!
after the vid he was told that snowplow was just a regular hungary mining truck
@5:42, I guess Smirnoff is still a thing in 2049 😂 Not sure how I caught that one lol
All I want to see now is the memory maker's controller.
My reaction during the opening scene of Blade Runner 2049 @2:12
Adam Savage's Tour of a Street Sweeper from Blade Runner 2049
i'm going to go watch the new blade runner movie and in the background see Adam walking around with a camera man just looking at stuff 😂
Half video for a vehicle, I would have liked to see other stuff as well ...
I didn't see these scenes in the movie
reminds me of the amount of detail Weta put in to LoTR. Kudos.
Well, if they need to make it match many of the outdoor scenes in the new movie, be sure to digitally colour correct the the crap out of it until all those meticulous details turn to monotone background mush.
first counterpart maximum communicate olympic fade boss practical.
I wish they had released a bunch more promo like this leading up so more people would have seen this true work of art.
Is it bad that I want to live there?
Like a kid in a candy store.
0:16 okay but can we talk about this man's swag? Mr. Savage is fresh af
Amazing! That level detail done in 2.5 days.
When people think of Cyberpunk...Blade Runner is one of the first movies that people think of. Also I would really to to see that street sweeper/snow plow Adam drove on the roads for real..legit that thing would be fun to see doing work and I'm pretty sure the spinning blade is for large chunks of semi frozen snow.
Saw 2049 in IMAX yesterday, and wow it was great!!!
You lucky son of a gun!
Blade Runner 2049 was a fantastic film, probably my new favorite movie up to this point. Though it makes me sad that relatively few people have the patience to appreciate it.
I'd love to be an extra in one of these films, just to wear costume and walk around in the settings
Your are the coolest guy ever! Awesome child-like enthusiasm! Just like me! I love these sets!
He has to be jumping out of his skin being there.  Everything is state of the art which he knows intimately and the crew are top level.  How does he hide his nerd boner?
Would that happen to be the same quarry the scene from expendables is filmed in?
I'd love to see interviews with the set decorators, explaining all those little details we glimpsed in this video.
Ugh payday is on Friday can't see it till this weekend.
What is that cool music called 5:10?
The Original Blade Runner Kinda Sucked. How Will The New One Fair Any Better?
I have purposefully suspended my disbelief so I can geek out with Adam. Too fun!
What's the name of the prequel he talked about on his podcast?? I've looked but to no avail!!
Adam's behind the scenes coverage of alien and bladerunner has been the sole reason why i want to see those films, i love it!
This is the set of the short with Bautista.
fuck it's cool
Damn Adam is lucky litle bit of hard work  to get his fantasy real
It's sad when a Transformer or Resident Evil movie blows away Blade Runner at the box office.
isnt that the same quarry that they used in hellboy 2
When you said, set dressed in two days, I pooped my pants.\n\nThen I realised that fabrication happened beforehand. I felt better.
I want to see Adam try the Spinner.
Adam Savage. Youre the man sir
I've been to that rave
I would love to drive one of the street sweepers
They should have Adam in every SciFi movie set. It would make for awesome content and I'm sure he wouldn't mind
You know, that's an interesting comment Adam made about the increase in resolution of modern films and modern digital projectors (not to mention BluRay on your TV at home). Some 20-odd years ago, I did the Universal Studios tour in southern California. The tram took us through a set that was being actively shot for some movie at the time, and we noted how it looked completely trashed and destroyed - it was just a street scene; some back alley. The guide told us that the set decorators HAD to exaggerate the filth, because once it made it onto the screen, between the lighting methods and the lower resolution of actual film, it would appear normal to viewers. If they dressed it normally as we'd see in real life, on film it would appear unrealistically pristine. Now, things have completely reversed.
I had no idea so much production was put into the 2048 short film.Sometimes behind the scenes takes away from a film.This definitely adds to it.
This whole set looks like a german post apocalyptic Larp. :D
Thank you very much for bringing us with you on the set of what seems to be my new favorite movie. I'll have to go see it again just to make sure :)
Will it be ready in 2049 too?
Yeah, the cryptic opening doesn't work in youtube where you have to put Set Tour of the Blade Runner Universe in the title of your video.
The blade runner franchise, -especially 2049- has some amazing set design. The people who make the props and character designs really know what they're doing and have a very specific vision.
lucky little fart !!!! I'm so Jelly !!!  -_-
01:33 I use to have those exact same *orange swivel cassette tape holders* .....coooool
Love this stuff. Love this channel. :)  Unique high quality content, plus they also cover he exact mix of topics that i like. Also really nice to see Adam freak/geek out over cool stuff. :D ^^
such a good film
It's amazing how much detail can go into set dressings, sometimes it's plain to see what it is, but other times, they sneak in those little easter eggs that are just off to the side that you never notice until someone points it out... :)
Man that's what I would call the realm of the Savage Nation?
Your editor hung a frame at 6:02 and change.
5:32 LOL Edda kazetta :D :D
Awesome. Adam has become one of my biggest heroes.
Film isn't high resolution?
Stepping where Ryan Gosling stepped? Jealous.
auto rickshaw in Hindi
Yes please
Too bad the movie flopped
I came kipple.
2:46 I maed dis :D
love this video
you want eyeballs... <3 <3 <3
Nice! very cool.
2048
2:14 Evil laugh.  😈
BLADE RUNNER Full HD : https://plus.google.com/+ThoeWilcentMovie/posts/Pw8qnHSsJ7D
Adam: Visits Blade Runner set\nTalks half of the time about a sci-fi snow plow
So the sequence they were shooting, what was it for?
The movie was bad, face it. The koolaide is real...
shame that the movie sucked though.
This movie was given way too much money. They gave Ridley very little money to do the first one and it turned out well. Its not about the money. Yet the sequel cost $150m + god knows how much for marketing. For a niche sci fi movie thats insane. But because it fit Hollywood's anti capitalist narrative the money spiggots were set to kill.
So so cool......I'm a professional Graffiti artist based in the Uk and Ive just spent the day painting the wall and front of a flat boring bar in a nightclub  to look like riveted sheet iron that's all dirty,rusted and dented ..I work freehand with spraypaint and I know for a fact I could do this type of thing on movie sets ..I'd love to paint a vehicle or something for something as timeless as a Bladerunner movie.....Any production / Set designers out there ? Give me a shout.... Insta- @Hull_Graffiti  -  Si2ttk@Gmail.com  -  fb/Nick Horsfiled
Adam, your enthusiasm makes my eyes tear up. Honestly, I rarely feel that way, but when I see how genuinely enthusiastic and happy you are about everything you do, I get choked up and cry tears of joy. You are an amazing person. Thank you.
Wait... who’s idea was it to have a snow plow in Los Angeles? That’d be like having air conditioning at the South Pole
So what are they filming here? A short film? Like the anime one but live action? Or a commercial? If anyone knows let me know 👌🏼
who gives a shit? this is just for the promotional short. it may as well be a fan production, hardly even official.
This movie is a disappointment compared to the old Blade Runner.
It's entirely possible this is not as much a fictional vehicle and it's not all that fictional dirt. Maybe they just told Adam so that he's happy...? \n\n(I live next to Hungary, i know they are capable to pull that stunt)
Sorry Adam, this movie sucked.  Like a fan film that did not understand the important things of Blade Runner.
nothing in 2049 felt or looked authentic, by contrast everything in the original did.
the color of that burberry bag is so beautiful!! 😍
I love it when you go makeup free because you're so naturally pretty. It inspires me to want to go makeup free and let my skin breathe! And be confident in my own skin.
it's funny when we see our raw (unfiltered, no makeup) faces in the reflection of something or in a video like you victoria and we automatically say oh i look horrific ..when in reality, that is who you are (and who we are) and You Victoria have got to be one of THE most beautiful people inside & out. so no, you did not look horrific one bit in this video during your no makeup moments ... i love the real you and thats why i began watching your videos ... because you are raw and authentic. <3333333 xoxoxo .. sending lots of love from the US ... -- valentine vang
I have a few things lol:\n1. Are you going to watch Demi Lovato's documentary? I watched it and loved it.\n2. I miss your makeup tutorials as main videos ☺️\n3. That's cool you have a one-of-a-kind bag!\n4. I love the color of your gym suits! I'm in love with it! And TLM merch looks awesome! 💜
I have to have that mini Strathberry bag, its so bloody gorgeous! Had never heard of the brand until you showed your larger red bag and I just became obsessed! 😍
Did you know NARS have started testing on animals again, I won't be buying their products anymore!
Haha....the Burberry.....
wow wow wow.
your boyfriend look so sweety with ababy
I fell in love with Bath when we went earlier this year, such a beautiful place!! 💕
I just adore your vlogs so much <3
i'm a longtime subscriber and i work at a jewellers and we're currently promoting the BOSS range you're the face of! it's surreal seeing how far you've come ❤️ keep your eyes peeled for a Jewellers as that will be me! X
points for alex on so many things in the vlog ! haha :)
OMG I have to have that bag!!!
Do you know how stunning you are with + without makeup? 😊
The dress turned out wonderfully! It is fabulously old Hollywood in length and style now
WOAH Victoria, that Burberry bag is absolutely beautiful!!!! <3
You guys are my favourite Youtube couple! You are both so crazy attractive. And as a couple how well you guys get along (obviously from the on camera point of view)......wow....I am dead!! Lol! Ahh!!
Alex' comments on the bag made my ❤melt! My other half rarely makes comments about my outfits or accessories but when he does it's so sweet xo
The Burberry bag gives me a 'space Barbie' vibe 😅❤
OMG SHUT UP THAT BAG IS STUNNING!!!
That bag!! 😍
I adore that noise you made swishing in your tailored dress - a girl in love!
Gaga is amazing and so inspirational!! ❤️ u xxx
Where are your earrings from?
Strathberry are wonderful - I organised a charity auction and the lovely ladies donated a beautiful midi tote bag, asking for nothing in return. I ended up getting my own bag as my graduation gift, and their instagram is absolute goals!
Alex is so handsome!!
Awwww, the squirrels <3<3<3<3
Wow, Burberry bag is gorgeous 😍
Gosh seeing you happy makes me soooo happy!
I feel this video is SO REAL. I think for youtubers and subscribers. It's good to take a break. It's like you're rejuvenating yourself and you're channel. I know brands, events, PR stuff is part of your job. But taking a break from it. Gives you a rest which you need. But it also refreshes your channel. Personally I get a bit tired of seeing back to back video on Ad, promotion, events etc. I know hard work goes into it and I'm not demeaning the work. It just gets tiring to watch back to back. Just like it might be exhaustung to do back to back. I'd hope other youtubers would use your approach xx
The hotel looks amazing. Where would you recommend in London. I want to treat my mum to a weekend away for her birthday in December x
These two are adorable. So normal.
I got CHILLLS when I saw that bag, out of this world😍🤤😍🤤🤤🤤😍😍😍💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
This might be weird and intrusive but i’m rooting for you + alex! You guys seem like a good couple and you guys’ life seem so fast paced and busy. I would be totally ok if you didnt vlog for a couple days just so u guys could really really be w each other :) ps you guys looked really cute in the pool!
Hey Victoria! I am so glad to hear that you like the Sachini shirt. And the red dress you were trying made you look like a princess! Love, Sachini
Love when I can see both her and her bf in a video 🌸
It's been awhile since I last commented, so I just wanted to drop in. You are still as beautiful and down to earth as ever. And, I agree with Alex. That bag is gorgeous.
1- You look gorgeous bare faced and I'm really jealous\n2- Alex holding the baby....!\n2- You and Alex are goals and I wish you guys the best because you seem to be very cool and chill and fun and in love and you're both beautiful on top of that and it just makes me happy
 It was so delicious, I regret nothing I had to laugh it was quite unexpected.\nHugs from Costa Rica
You should check Demi Lovato documentary - It's complicated on Youtube, this is a good one too
Holy hell girl the dress! The tailoring was a good call. It's perfection!  😍💃😍💃
what did you do at uni? what course and at what uni? xx love your videos !!!!!!!!!
arh ma gawdd.. that Burberry bag 😍
that red dress is dreamy!!!!!
This VLOG was so cute! Yay ✨
Those bread options look so yummy! oh my
Love the fresh face. Minimal is lovely on you.
The bag is just beautiful 😍
This hotel looks unreal, booking a trip ASAP! Love your vlogs so much you’re so upbeat and you have such a lovely relationship with Alex. Beautiful Victoria :)
Your skin is looking incredible!! please can you do an updated skin care routine and BTW NOT 1 OF THESE 43 VLOGS have been a disappointment.xx
I just love how your partner really likes your handbags, that is so cute x
That park looked so pretty and the peacocks were cute ^.^
Bath and you are gorgeous😘
it's a mermaid bag 💖 i love it!!!
Congratulation on being the new face of Hugo Boss Watches!!!! OMG those Tom Ford lipsticks!!! When will they be on the shelves?!!! Also, Im just wondering do you wear your Dior pearl earrings to the shower? :/
Could you do a work out video what you usually do in the gym and how you maintain your amazing abs?
Bath looks amazing!!  Loved your dress that you had shortened - it’s the cutest ever!!
My favorite line ever “I regret nothing” lol!!😂
I love when you go through your mail!
Your videos always make me so happy and set me in such a good mood. You are such a likable person!!
OMG, that Burberry bag! I just can't, how gorgeous it is! And also on the side note: your skin is literally goals! You mentioned LVL, can you please tell in which salon you do yours? I used their salon finder on the website, but 2  have already told me that they don't do it. Thanks xoxo
Alex & his handbag reviews. Space teal 🤣. Classic. Hotel & spa beautiful. Looking gorgeous as always Victoria. Congrats on the Hugo Boss news. Awesome. ❤️🍾 x
Your makeup at the moment is just 🙌🏼 which tom Ford lip colour did you wear to the nars event? Love all your content right now xx
You two are the cutetest!😋
Bath is one of my favourite cities in the UK. I love the Roman Baths & having high tea at the Pump Rooms. There's also the cutest olde worlde Sally Lunn bun shop where the famous Bath Bun is still sold. I'm in love with your Bikini! Also nearly died when I saw all those Tom Ford lipsticks. Heaven!!!\nHugs Adele xoxo
You’re so pretty, and I just love your style.  And Alex is just the sweetest.  You guys are cute.
My word that Christos dress is gorgeous on you. Congrats on Hugo Boss Victoria.  They’re lucky to have you.
Alex showing interest in your bags is just 😍 so cute! #boyfriendgoals
Guuurl i notice the little spice you've added to your editing haha :))) you are a beautiful person inside and out!! love you and the vlogs xx
That dress looks lovely in that length! And can we all just take a moment to appreciate that BAG😍😍😍😍😍😍
You and Alex seem like the sweetest people
Awww, I lived in Bristol for 10 years before I moved back North. Worked in Bath for a short while and love it there so much. Made me feel so nostalgic watching this and you've given me some new places to visit, too! xx
Bread at restaurants is literally my favourite thing
This was a lovely video! So nice to watch you and Alex enjoy relaxed time, I always like it when he pipes in too! Can you share what lipstick you wore for date night in bath? Loved the entire look if you are inspired to do a tutorial I'd love it! Thanks for sharing as always.
When ur bag is bigger than u😜
Best last words for a vlog!! 😜
Ahhhh That Nars package from the event....so nice !!! 💕💕
i don't know why but alex's fixation with your new bag's color had me laughing so much 😂
I so hope Strathberry comes to Australia one day. 😃🤞🏼
This really made my evening. Thank you for sharing xxxx
Yay for a day off. Oh my gosh I WANT THAT BAG. Goals xxx
Absolutely love your vlogs. You're so stunning and you and Alex seem like such lovely people. X
Sorry if I comment too much! I just want to say that your enthusiasm is so contagious! It’s obvious in every vlog that you are doing what you love, which makes watching you SO incredibly enjoyable. Love you to pieces, as always 😘💋💘❤️
Alex getting excited over the new Burberry bag with you was adorable. Relationship goals lol
Pahah space teal! Love that
Love Alex's commentaries 😂 and peeking
Looks like you had a beautiful relaxing week :) the red dress is ammmmmazing! Xox
Lovely vlog!! Look fab as always Victoria!! Love ya taste in bags! ❤️❤️ Xx
I think those are the new TF full size lipstick shades. The girls are clutch size in white packaging aren't they?
Wow!!! The bag!!!
So so so so so gorgeous without make-up
THAT. BAG. IS. GOALS!!! And the new Nars collections looks beautiful! Congrats on another wonderful video💕
Ok you are life goals.\n\n1) your brows have been amazing, what's your technique to get it to look like single hairs?\n\n2) I know Alex does a lot of your photography but for photos on your Instagram from your iPhone, what filters do you use?\n\nThanks for working so obviously hard to include a lot of your life and edit it to perfection. Have a lovely week!! xoxox
Oh my god, I live in Bath! So strange to see it on film and Acorn is my favourite restaurant! Glad you had a nice time, hope to bump into you if you come back! xo
Your boyfriend is the cutest . The loveliest couple 😍
And you shouldn't regret breaking bread with the ones you love. Great video.
Shout out to Alex's Rick and Morty figures!
You are hands down the prettiest, classiest beauty vlogger on YouTube. I don't even like watching beauty vlogs, they bore me to sobs, but I watch all of yours. I just adore your style, you look perfect  24/7.\nBtw, is that fabulous bag you designed for sale? I have a bag obsession 😁
Would love to see the tom ford sugar glider shade on you! Thank you for these lovely vlogs they help me just relax after a long day💕
BY THE WAY! SYDNEY PEOPLE ATTENTIONNNN YA'LL! My SYDNEY Masterclass tickets go on sale TOMORROW at 5pm Sydney time on michaelfinch.com.au - Who's coming?! Im so excited!!! <3
Love you so much Michael QQQQ I hope I can meet you one day 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
These comments are literally cringe worthy. Commenting “gay” every damn time isn’t gonna solve anything? Like I’m pretty sure everyone knows but still it’s none of your business. He’s over here making coin, doing what he loves. You’re over here taking time out of YOUR day to comment hateful shit. Is your hate over something simple as sexuality that consuming? Shit go read a book or something. Keep doing what you’re doing, Michael. You’re doing amazing sweetly and I love your personality!!! The sass is everywhere ❤️
I had that problem with the foundation too!!!! It sucks!
Thought I clicked on the wrong vid when I saw Michael using his fancyassuah brush cleaner, but no IT WAS HIS OWN ADVERT FOR HIS OWN VID YASSSS DAL rock on 🤘🏼
You should do these with brushes you hate lol
I'm not sure why...but, this made me lmao!  make up looks like shi*.  I enjoyed this video!!!
I love his videos and all but I'm put off by his huge fake lips they freak me out a bit
Find jesus in your heart, degenerate. You will feel much more liberated once you do, trust a stranger
I hate ND and I don’t know why people suck her dick! I have literally thrown out or returned her shit. I feel like people who really just want pigmentation and don’t want to work buy her shit. They are crap! Why does she think her eyeshadows are that privledged to be so expensive? Their are too many oils and EVERYTHING HARD PANS over time. Her face products are horrible. And you have to use your fingers like a kid! Not for the money. For that price I’d buy pat McGrath!
How in the hell can you apply a liquid lip  so well and talk at the same time?!
This video made me laugh so much💀😂 I actually love that setting powder and I use it everyday!!
I have used the L'Oréal foundation too and it literally did the same to me I hate it! Throughout the day it kind of separated on my face if that makes sense? It's horrible I felt like I was wearing a mask!
Personally love the foundation but only when I mix it with the pro matte
i have the total cover foundation and applied it w a beauty blender and it was patchy as fuck, try w a brush xoxoxo Q
I love the foundation! But I use a foundation brush to apply first and then use the beauty blender to make it smoother on the skin 😍
That mascara that wouldn't even go on one of my single lashes hahaha
I have that Milani bronzer and it made me look so orange I threw it in the back of my makeup desk and haven't used it since
The foundation did the exact same to me! Thought it was just me
I really want to see you do a full face natural makeup look rather than full glam, just something different ✨ everyones doing cut creases or glittery eyes these days
YESSSS I live for these videos
I actually do have the infallible total cover and it works so well on me.The problem is that is so matt and you have to moisturize your skin before putting it on
Can you do another get ready with my mum
Just found out you made a part 2, and dropped everything I was doing to watch this. I freaking love your channel.
So glad I wasn't the only one that felt the L'Oréal concealer burned thought I got a faulty one 😩 my eyes wouldn't stop watering
I have the L’oréal foundation and it does that to me too :/ I thought it was going to be really good, and ya, it’s definitely a nice coverage but it felt kinda gross and cakey on my face ): and it goes patchy on my nose too and uGh, like I paid for that shit and it is shit
Why do I love him~ new sub
Can you do a holy grail products❤️❤️
omg this look is literally like an Ursula tutorial I'm tripping out
Guys what's the video where Michael uses the illuminating cover fix spray and it goes wrong??!! I need to find it, it's hilarious
QUEEN OF MY LIFE MICHAEL. QQQQQQ FOR EXISTING, ALWAYS TRY TO COPY YOUR AMAZING MAKEUP! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK MICHAEL 💛💛💛
So basically that foundation is quite difficult to work with, but if you do it right it’s can be soo nice! \n\n1. First use a standard foundation brush (like the paint brush paddle ones) and then remove streaks with a sponge, because it is so thick it just won’t blend or stick with only a sponge.\n\n2. Less is more! Take your time to really really blend it out, or else you won’t get the true finish or shade. Also it really doesn’t layer, just don’t try at all 😂\n\n3. Make sure you only use powder is you are SUPER OILY, it’s cakey enough already tbh\n\n4. Use setting spray to even it all out before you use the rest of your makeup.\n\n5. Only use a mattifying primer of you have skin that pours oil, maybe a simple moisturiser- like one would work better.\n\nHope this helps, please try it again 😂
I hateeeee that foundation. It oxidised craaaazy on me and the colour range of it is shit. It looks so Cakey and is so hard to work with 🙁
His voice gave me cancer
Rock on hun xoxoxo
Ewwww
Full face body shop xx
Then brows brah totes wrong
*when shrek gets penetrated*
Apparuntly uts suppused tuh muck ut lust lungah, whu knuws
Not a problem
HATE that tarte powder.
watching the evolution of ur eyebrows makes me so happy:,)
For Halloween can u try to look like Donald trump
so sad that the infallible total cover foundation doesn't work for u!! I have very oily skin though so maybe thats why it works for me idk sis
I actually like the Tarte powder! It's not meant for baking. I don't have super oily skin so I just press it in to get rid of the stickiness of my concealer or foundation or even just my face's oil and it works on contact. I just don't leave any extra on my skin. The only thing that I hate about it is the flashback is actually really extreme even if you cannot see a single trace of it before using a flash, you use a flash and it's patchy white EVERYWHERE you put it in any significant amount in the shapes of your finger or brush you used lol I use it on an everyday type basis but never if I expect photos to be taken
Loooool as if you’ve stolen mannymua intro. You can’t even say that they’re not similar!
I love the lila palette though ;3;
tbh i could probably make a bomb look with those products
That foundation was a nightmare when I tried it I'm glad I'm not the only one who had issues with it
Apply the foundation with a brush, you'll notice a great difference
Video idea!! The new Jouer foundation, or better yet, just your favorite FULL coverage foundations (high-end/drugstore)! You and I are shade and skin type matches, and I'm really interested in finding something to cover my intense flushing problem.
What is this creature 😂
Eyy your in the trending page (17th)
loving the back drop and you! xx
7:04 is MEEEE when I\nfirst tried that concealer 😂😂😂 so painful
Dude-I have a hard time taking your reviews seriously because u seem to love to shit on high end products that have established good reviews from regular folks like me as well as beauty influencers. It reeks of clickbait but in a subtle way, like u don’t want to put a bullshit clickbait title or thumbnail on your video bc that is so obvious and everyone hates that but u want more people to watch it so u include a high profile product and say something like “honest AF review” or “full face of products I hate” and make sure to throw a photo of said high profile/high end product in thumbnail . Basically an item that is very identifiable so anyone who sees that thumbnail with that title is like “honest AF review of that new high end palette I’ve had my eye on,”or “holy shit, he hates that crazy expensive eyeshadow palette? Why what’s wrong with it I need 2 know” it’s clickbait and makes me wonder if I can trust your reviews as genuine. \n\nAdditionally, maybe shape tape is a bad eyeshadow primer 4 u? It is very drying and perhaps it’s sucking moisture from certain formulas and altering the way they perform on your skin, just a thought. While I don’t own the Lila palette I do have the star palette from ND and it is STUNNING and the shadows blend beautifully almost without effort.
That foundation looking like clay
Did anyone notice that the foundation thing at the start looked GREEN/GREY ?!??
I'm not gay but I can appreciate one T H I C C boi.
Who else is here from trending
This is so tragic 😍😭
mix the total cover foundation with the true match it does wonders !! love you michael xo
That the balm liquid lipstick looks very good on you though! 😍 Hello from Sydney!
Try the L'Oréal foundation with a flat top brush I always use a beauty blender with foundation and hate brushes but with this foundation a brush is so much better it's one of favourite at the moment but definitely try with a brush it turns out so much nicer 🙌🏻❤️
I saved up for a while to get an actual foundation and I heard the infallible one was good and oh my god it's disgustingly cakey and thick and its so hard to apply evenly. This broke hoe still gotta use the whole thing tho :(
I hate him but I keep coming back
I remember Shani used that Natasha denona palette in a video and it sucked, and she called you in the middle of it to confirm it was that bad. Haha CYA SIS. That’s a problem
That Tarte powder is a FINISHING powder, not a SETTING powder. its used to refine the appearance of texture and pores, like the MUFE one, not to set/mattify.
What does 'full face' actually mean? Is it when your face is full from stuffing food?
Why the he'll is this trending
Thumbs down, I thought this was a video about Jade Goody.
GAY SHREK, SATAN IS WAITING
ANOTHR SHANNI VID!!!!!!!
كس امك يا خنيث
He’s Absolutely stunning !!
ew
Fagg
wow that tarte powder looks fucked haha
CYAAA
Hahaha fuck you legit kill me 😂😂
https://open.spotify.com/user/hallerose1144
What the fuck
Soo freaking gay
Wtf is this thing 😂😂
God hates fags
Gaaaaaaaaayyyy
What the fuck is that thing??
Faggot
Can you plz plz do a makeup collection qqq
I would beat the fucking faggot out of this cringeworthy fat cunt
Can i tell u a story...\n\nIm 14 years old\nIm a girl\nI love makeup\n\nBut FUCK he is a man and SHIT he knows about it 🙅🏼
what the fuck is this creature? lolz
Wtf are you?
Michael, the Tarte powder did that to me too. I've just set it aside in my drawer for now. I've been loving the too face born this way powder. It's definitely much better. And I love Tarte but that powder is a no no
The only thing worse that could happen here is if he turned black
Get this odd cunt off my timeline
fat cunt
Why is there always a faggot pretending to be a girl on trending. It's absolutely sick. You people are all so degenerate.
You fat fucking queer
What why is this trending?
Why is this trending?
The fuck YouTube this video was up in 2013 and ur putting it on trending 4 years laters the fuck
You could say Freddie like eating ass.
there is... no reason for this to be in trending.
YouTube! Your algorithms are acting up again!
Why the fuck is this trending?
Why is this trending?
I think I'm gonna vomit so hard mm bluhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu
What happened to the rat?
WTF!? WHY IS THIS TRENDING!!???
This is an odd thing to say but james horner's creepy music really fits this scene like if you agree
who else was distributed when they showed this part of the movie
That's fucked up
This scene genuinely upset me when I was pregnant. I started crying cause he was eating his friend
This scene is censored in the UK TV version. Madness.
Peter just leaves something dangerous there lol. Don't tell anyone about it or anything.
Poor Wilma...
It took me half a year to realise what he was eating it is wilma. Look u can see her tail and legs and half her body saw it on my DVD tho
Did this lizard mouse attacked Peter after seeing him?
While pretty horrific, I think it's clever. \nWhat better way to show the consequences of the lizard serum than through lab mice?\n(NOT to say I approve of animal testing)\nBut in this way, we get an idea of how dangerous the serum is without seeing Dr. Connors cross that line himself.
2:17  You’re welcome. I mean come on Lauren’s laugh is literally the best thing in the world.
omg lauren is too cute with that last question
Dinah pushing Normani....my turn😂😂😂😂
Lmao Lauren was so sad at the end before she got another question
lmao at the ending,  Lauren made me burst laughing!
They r so cute. yes girl slay. Launre Go Outside Dinah when They Bring me Hot Cheetos lol. And I love Normani's hair.
Lauren : *laughs at the end*\n\nMe: yep,  I'm gonna watch a video of her laughing.
I LOVE LAUREN 😍❤
Lauren😂❤❤
Girl at 1:00 i can relate too😭
what do you do when you have a writers block? Go outside \nlmao Lauren
I love Lauren's laugh! <3
Now I know that when I meet Dinah, I will bring her Hot Cheetos. 😂
DINAH JANE should be A Lifestyle!
I wish mani wouldn't look at her groupmates everytime she's asked a question. It's not always about them, make it about you sometimes.
“When they bring me hot cheetos” Dinah is my spirit animal😂
Ally forget she loves waffles
O sorriso de Lauren é vida <3
I love ally ❤️
Lauren is the prettiest
dinah and her hot cheetos have a better love story than i do
this is trending #6
Amo la risa de Lauren <3 <3
DINAH I LOVE YOU
Yoooo the light skin girl with braids was on DWTS talking about Vote for Normani right 😂
I love how Dinah just goes from Get out the Way. It's my Turn! to Hi in a Matter of Seconds. 😂
YASSS THEY BE SO HOT & THE GUY HOST's LIKE YASSS YOU HOT TOO
Completely besides the point but Matt is so hot
how do you get over writers block when you're in the studio?\n\nGiving these girls writing credit is a bigger lol than trl being back on the air
*waits for someone to ask them to make DSYLM the next single*
don't know if TRL will work in this era but we'll see
Favorite song to perform and she said Reflection!!!! YESSSSSSSSSS
W O W   T H I S   S U R E   I S   T R E N D I N G
1) Who?\n2) TRL still exists?\n3) When did MTV start playing music again?\n4) Headbangers ball or fuck you.
There only 4 of them
This is basically Pussycat Dolls revived, but with new body-material. It's like the member of PD said, a week ago, about their own group in the past - when a producer wanted to have sex with them, they needed to submit, none of the girls had the right to refuse, or else she would be thrown out the group.\nPeople like Weinstein must be really happy in the industry. ;) A whole new merchandise is at their disposal. I felt this would happen to Fifth Harmony since the very first sexual music videos of theirs. Promoting them on shows like this is just another producers' stunt. I won't be fooled by the industry any more. I'm quitting listening to music like this. Period. I want to let real artists and talents to become famous. It's the only way. Those sexual bimbos just won't do, I'm sorry. Just my opinion.
Visit the channel you support your channel. thanks you
Their new stylist deserves an award. Trust me!\nAlso, Lauren laughing at her own answer. lol\nShe always finds herself funny and it's cute. She is one of a kind.
TRL-Struggling to be relevant and promote a bs be yourself in an industry that makes robots and sex icons ideal. Should have stayed dead. Take pop music with you on the way out!
Dumb and dumber and the ZOMBIES who follow follow follow
It's not trl without Carson Daly like back in the days.
The wildest Night was the last night and It was Costa Rica 🇨🇷 and I was there! 😭
i am so mad i missed this
Let’s where red and black and not tell Normani
This video needs some bleach!!
TRL is tryna be a thing again?
I was waiting for someone to ask if camren is real.
Lauren's laugh ♡♡
Always interesting to see how Lauren is going to act when it comes to playing games 😆
Worse rapid fire every hahaha 💙
Lauren baby :D love you!
When did they bring back TRL?
22k views and 100 comments and it's trending. Ok, must have some trump hate in the video somewhere.
can i just give a big thank you to ally's stylist she looks so good
TRY is back? Since when?
How long is TRL been on I thought it got cancelled
If I ever meet them,now I know to bring Dinah hot Cheetos
Fuck YouTube trending page came out yesterday and has 22 k views and 5th on trending. Stop trying to make trl a thing again
Being that close...like face to face with them?? I'd pass out or throw up 😂😊😂
the quality of these videos is amazing thank you!
Aff Não tinha um corajoso pra peguntar se Camren is real
This has barely any views... trending page is so rigged
Lauren I love you
Why is this trending? Is it 1999?
The new TRL is crap
Dinah: My turn 0:45 😂😂😂
I knew that Ally was gonna say about eating.
Marrying Normani
Dinah ❤
💩😷
Just click here https://youtu.be/-f0N3SGLd-o
4th Harmony
Great
😍💘🌙
1:28 Ally's so cute
Here for tits
20k views and trending. Sure YT..
Lauren’s last answer 😂🙌🏻
Que es tierna Laureeeen😍
Best rapid fire ever 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 #TRL
Lauren looks like Megan Fox 💜
Someone pls bring dinah some hot cheetos lol
Matt Rife 😍
#notmytrl
Cheetos es el mejor regalo para Dinah, anotado.
I LOVE THEM 😂
😱😱😱😱💘💘💘💘💘😏😏😏😏
la última le tendría que haber preguntado algo camren a lauren!!!
x\nXxi\n😍😎
They're all so adorkable! :p
Who is this hot guy on blue sweatshirt?! What the fuck is his name?!!?! Can someone tell me!!?
So when are the artists with actual personality coming on TRL?
I got an STD just watching this!
I just realized how Lauren has the same or very similar laugh Selena Quintanilla had 😭
No one asked if they miss camila 🙂
the girl at 1:00 : that's my wife\nme: aw hell nah🔪🔪
Fifth Harmony is ugly
Nobody watches trl & MTV
Who the eff is that girl screaming like seriously calm down nobody died.
What will ferrell movie is this clip from again?
Hahaha he tasered him with gas and oil leaking everywhere. This could have become a much bigger story.
Prooobably didn't need to smash into his car. Probably.
What the guy in the black car did was pretty much vehicular assault, perhaps attempted murder. The man who got shot with the stun gun and handcuffed had full right to be upset at the driver of the black car for potentially having killed him.
One of the best fights ever as u don't see any fucking great keeping it pg
what in the bucknekked hee haw tarnation is going on here???
Lol if nascar was more like this than it would be much more exciting
This is what happens when you pay people a bunch of money to win games
look at all the acceptable racism going on in this comment section.
what is this, Nascar for rednecks?
If it was NASCAR he will be dead   That guy is so fat he need 2 hand cuff
Lmao! Probably the funnest part of the night.
*This video's the perfect example of why Formula 1 Racing is for idiots!*
If fat boy weighed a bit less his car would have gone faster
How much do you want to bet they voted 'Trump'?
The policeman should be arrested for trespassing on the track
This is Trump's America.
I guess a lot of people like attempted homicide. This video is scary.
Well done Law Enforcement officer. Let's hope this criminal doesn't have access to Children.
Well. Nice to know there’s unprofessional asshats throughout society I guess
you know that CSI reverse camera angle bullshit? - how do we use it here? LoL!
if you're still wondering how trump won after watching this, there is no help for you.....
thats the most american video ever lol
You’d be hard pressed to find one person there with an IQ over 90
top tip drivers don't take your helmet off when you fight
typical fat guy tough when the guys stuck in the car, you WANKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
American Motorsport is shit. The USA F1 GP is on this weekend :/
anyone remember the nascar south park episode?
Yep, the stupid mericans just watching how someone kills another human being.... Everyday same shitty story! Fooking retards, instead of separating them they are watching...
the other driver got cuffed to 4:53
stupid motorsports made in US
Hey cops, do this the next time Antifa or Black Lives Matter members open their mouths.
Idiot screaming female in the background was very annoying.
F'n tards, both of them.
The fighting is more entertaining than the race.
Why is everyone so pissy?? This was hilarious! 😂
So why don't the Arrest NASCAR Drivers when they do this?
20 years ago they would have just separated them. That driver definitely deserved an ass beating.
Wow! This is crazy is that who we are now, instead of giving them a hand we throw a punch, this isn't funny at all. God please help us, we need Jesus in our life.
He took his job!
Soo only baseball, basketball, and football players can fight on the field with no repercussions. I'd like to see that happen on a NFL field.
What the hell was that dumbass in the black car trying to do. Deserved to get his ass beat
I'm ashamed of my country
Both drivers should be arrested and the driver in the car that ran over 33 banned from racing.
Why are people screaming like crazy in the audience wtf... stop it...
I'm surprised the cop didn't kill em.
im impressed the black car was able to drive up onto the other one 10/10 would watch again
Well, they did sign up to put on a show.
I think car 33 is going to need an oil change.
Basketball: pretend to get tripped and ref lets you win game\nRacecars: Smash someone elses car and they get tased and arrested\nHmmmmmmmm
Lmao fucking rednecks. Ricky Bobby and his buddy are at it again. Shakin and bakin baby
Y'all wild this is lit!! 😂
So the dude almost died from that guy almost Crushing him with the car, so obviously the guy was gonna kick his ass
At the dirt track this happens everytime
Were they related? I bet they were related. Or they they share the same cousin.........If you know what I mean!
That cop wasn't having that nonsense!
Didn't know monkeys could drive cars and attend car races in the US
I bet the bald one told him look what you made me do, ouuu.
These same people yell and scream that other races are violent.
Guide Lamp has been gone for years, but the cheering trash remains. Wonder if they keep The Lamplighter in business.
who the fuck is screaming? why the fuck?
Rednecks watching other rednecks destroying each other's property and beating the shit out of each other. Only thing missing is someone fucking their cousin in a corner and we'd have the perfect Redneck paradise.
These guys are disrespectin' 'Merica!!!
Well that escalated quickly....;)
‘Murica
Muriccaaaa
Stupid rednecks....
Trailer park spawn.
hillbillies
Вы тупые пипец
Scumbags
Low iq 'murikkkans
Typical Trump supporter
This is so fucking cringe
This is fake....
1:20
Sounds like a fucking monkey enclosure.
Can somebody please taze the screaming chick?
ustawka 33
Great entertainment :D
‘Merica
MEDIOCRE
They were both hammered.
1:22
Dumb
Don't tase me bro
酷
Stupid Show
He deserved a beating
mad max
aaaand 1 more time around
Barbarians!
Great camera angle 😊😑
Mario Karts gone wild
idiots being idiots.
Retards
This garbage is trending but iDubbbz's 'Content Cop' on Asian Jake Paul wasn't.
I can't decide who the bigger pussies are; the cop who waddles in and goes straight for the taser, or the six guys standing there waiting for a lone cop to break it up.\n\nJesus Christ, just pull him off. They're redneck wannabe race car drivers,  not X-Men.
Most exciting thing to happen to this sport since Ricky Bobby....
I can be quite bad at remembering to take my antidepressants, and my mum can tell within a day if I have forgotten to take them. I'm generally quite a chill person, quick witted and love to be a giant nerdy goofball. But I become so angry and withdrawn when I forget to take them, I zone out a lot and can't control my emotions. \nIt really does mess with your brain to suddenly deprive your brain of the chemicals it's become accustomed to. Especially when you have commitments and responsibilities to attend to.
when he first mentioned marzia i was like oh my god are they still friends with pewdiepie but then he was like might have a chat with a certain swedish person\nyeah boiii u tell him!!
I know what ribena is and I'm from bc Canada your not insane i got your back
we need another internet support group. Any netflix recommendations?
I'm sorry but how the hell can you not know about ribena and even worse *not know what squash is*
Dan I'm sure you won't see this but I am SO PROUD that you're planning on having a chat with that Swedish Youtuber about recent events. I hope he is receptive to whatever you say to him on this topic. 🤞🤞🤞
i love you dan. So much
Hope you're OK Dan
ben ten more like tan dan
He doesn't believe in anything, but he's scared of all of those things 😆👍
Oh no..I missed it..damn! I shouldn't have gone to *Jenna's basketball game*
Lol help. All my friends want to die and they're the only ones keeping me alive. Were just a mess of a circle.
where do you stream all of these?
I know it was a response to another comment but hearing I like Sheffield... it's lovable trash made my little yorkshire heart go all defensive
I love you more than you should love a person you have never met
Don't judge a book by its colour
I have never put Ribena in water, ever! They sell it in juice bottles, like Minute Maid, and CC Lemon at 7 Eleven's and other convenience stores like it, i've never heard of anyone drink it like that in HK
I kind of want to hear Phil's perspective on living with someone who has depression and just  generally what it's like to have someone you care about go through mental illness. I can only see it from Dan's perspective so  I think learning what it's like from an outside perspective would be interesting.
i can only watch livestreams once they're finished so i can double the speed. I need my procrasitnation to be dense enough to distract me completely
Australians also have this! T(e cordial thing
This has 19 on trending well done dan.
Don't judge a book by its colour
You are right. I live in Thailand and people have very little knowledge about mental illnesses. I told my friend about how I had been through depression and she just couldn't understand it at all and she wasn't being supportive in any way. And if I tell everyone about it, they'll think I'm crazy and a freak.
Also I just realized that we're on the same medication and thank gOD I've never missed doses for more than a day or two :O I've been on my meds for a little over two years and feel more stable now, but I don't want to go off my meds and risk things going to shit again, ya feel me... Because I reeeally don't want to find out the hard way that it could actually be dangerous for me [ *nervous laughter* ]
We have Ribena in Australia, i cant imagine a childhood without it
The video inspired me to start raising awareness about mental health at my school
In the Netherlands it's called Limonade or ranja (which is basically lemonade/squash  making water have different flavours). It is also a thing that everyone has in their house. Especially when you're a university student if we ask if someone needs to drink something choices are: Thee, coffee, beer, water or limonade (flavoured water) :)
HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY FUNCTION WITHOUT RIBENA ???!!!!
what a beautiful boy
Why does he look so good in this
Fruit syrups are also lovely with tea :)
please tell Felix to stop being such a oblivious white guy thanks
Dearest Dan. Please, if you take music recommendations, do consider talking about the album You're A Man Now, Boy. (By Raleigh Ritchie)\nIt's really good, and relevant and currently beautifully current. Please, consider talking about it.
Hank you so much for this video. I just moved across the country and due to life being awful I have to wait two weeks for my medication to come in so I’m having the worst two weeks in October. It’s nice to know I’m not alone
i started going to a mental health thing a few weeks ago and i think just hearing other peoples storys and is just so amazing. \nmy mum at first said i was a crazy syco and tat im messed up but i showed her so much about mental health and she understood. but i think its amazing how open some people are now.
OCT 19th IS HERE!!! 8 FREAKING HYEARS OF DAN AND PHIL UPLOADING TOGETHER!!!!!!!!
just started watching this while opening a college acceptance letter!!!!!!!!
that level in fireboy and watergirl is one of the easiest if you work together. you just need to both stay on the elevator things and have the one that doesnt need to go down jump so the one that needs to go down can. teamwork for that level dont just leave one jumping XD it was super funny tho you guys crack me up
How the hecky dizzle did this get on trending????
I've never related to someone so much. I love that you addressed this. I've been struggling with depression for about two years now and I've been to therapy. Personally, it doesn't work all that well for me. My therapist continuously tells me that I should try medication but I don't know if I should. I have a friend who said that she doesn't like it because it makes her feel like she's being controlled and not in control. That's my main reason for refusing medication. I also don't want to depend on it. But this stream made me want to try to continue therapy. I just want to say I admire you so much. You have no idea how much this means to me. Thank you
sorry but dan looks so cute in this liveshow. in fact, he looks amazing all the time smsksksksk
anybody else really want to do his eyebrows
My mental health is all over the place, I need a therapist. But I'm also dealing with chronic pains that have not been officially diagnosed as any actual chronic disease which is horrible because it means I can't get proper treatment and I just end up on tons of meds all the times. The meds, of course, make me sick. Now I might eventually become at risk of liver failure, kidney failure, and/or an ulcer. Yay health problems!
I WISH TØP WAS LIKE YOU GUYS AND NEW STUFF DAMN
The sound of styrofoam rubbing against itself, everything about chalk and the taste of celery make me want to throw up
your thumb nail was beautiful!!! don`t let anyone tell you any different!!!
Ryden trash is in the bath
Watch Train to Busan ! It's a first Korean zombie film and it's actually really good and makes you feel feels ;-;
He protecc \n\n\nHe attacc \n\n\nBut most importantly \n\n\n\nHe Snugly as hacc\n\n(Im not even sorry for that)
why is this on the trending page???i want to be on the trending page too
s o f t  d a n i e l
Here in Mexico, we don't talk that much about mental health, everyone is like get over it and stuff, so they literally make you keep your feeling the most inside you can, so it's really hard, for me at least, because my parents are like, really sceptical when something has to be with mental illness...so yeah it's hard in other countries
Okay so Dan in this video reminds me of a young Roland Orzabal from Tears for Fears
Why did I think Ribeana (idk how to spell it) was some type of alcoholic drink. Kinda like wine lol.
I think living in an environment where people around you don't understand what depression is, or what it's like for someone going through a mental issue, sometimes makes me feel like a freak or the all the things people call me. Seeing people describe the same feelings or experience you went/ or are going through makes me feel okay. Thank you Daniel for beung honest and showing people that fighting and holding on is worth it. **Sorry for my grammar**
Omg thanks for streaming on my 13th birthday!!
Please play any of the legend of zelda games!!!
i literally had to pause the video right after he had thrown shade at felix to breathe lmao
I Dont even know who most of these gayboys are on Trending
Have you seen the new Blade runner ?it is so good
I am doing chores while my husband is ignoring me on minecraft 😂🙃
HOW IS A LIVE STREAM IN T R E N D I N G AHH
Dan you are such a beautiful human being and we all love you ❤
IT MAKES ME EVEN MORE SAD THAT EVERYONE YELLED AT HIM TO TELL US ABT THIS OMFF
Dans voice is so soothing tho I'm about to fall asleep stop that
Have you seen an anime called” Your Name Here” it is the BEST I have ever seen
Damn, how much revenue are you going to make on this video.
i love how during ads, dan looks annoyed in the corner while they play
Baking video predictions:\nAccidental innuendos\nEnds up looking like shit\nTastes amazing tho\nThis is orgasmic/I'm having an orgasm/etc.\nPhil trying to be positive about the end product but we all know and he knows its a flop\nSpoopy\nRandom singing and dancing\nWeird transitions
The 'Dan and depression' Vid was your best ever in my opinion. It was so relatable to me and I'm sure a lot of people thought, if even Dan has depression and isn't afraid to talk about it or admit it, I also don't have to be. So, big thanks from germany :)
Very important question: is marching band considered a sport?
VOLTRON
Spooky name: Damned Howl
YOU READ MY INTERNET FRIENDS' COMMENT\n\n\nDANKENSTEIN
Fenimism
That intro 😂😂😂
Dan being shady at Felix tho xD
This is trending?!
Ryden.Trash.Is.In.a.bath
DANNY IS TRENDING #26 OMGG
love you ;(
Dat hair tho...
Hygge Daniel
Taniel Howell
...lady door
TRUTH BOMBS
Peace
Lady door
how is this #25 trending 😂
17th trending bitch !
orange high juice sounds interesting 😂
peep the freckles
movie- wailing/whaling\nanime- poranoia agent?
Citalopram withdrawl symptoms are the ABSOLUTE WORST.
<3
DANS LOOKING LIKE A SNACC
This really makes you wonder how close Dan and Phil are that Phil is willing to stick around all the time and help Dan through his problems... I suppose he DOES eat a lot of Dan's cereal as payment...
You can’t spell DANK without DAN.
a man who's a policeman's daughter anyone else notice that?
whats the pewdiepie incident ???
2002 ARTICLE: CROWE'S RACIST INSULT LEADS TO FIGHT \nBy Christine Sams, Eddie Fitzmaurice and Jim O'Rourke\nNovember 17 2002\nThe Sun-Herald\n\nActor Russell Crowe's altercation in a London restaurant started after he made racist remarks about the New Zealand Warriors rugby league team, it was claimed yesterday.\n\nAnd the Sydney-based Oscar winner faced more trouble last night after allegations from a fellow guest at the Japanese eatery that his behaviour had been despicable.\n\nGeorgie Calder, 21, claimed the star had been acting like a total and utter pig moments before violence erupted at the trendy Zuma Japanese restaurant last week.\n\nCrowe, an ardent supporter of South Sydney rugby league club, described the Warriors as a bunch of coconuts or darkies, according to The New Zealand Herald.\n\nIt was about the skin tone, he was calling them COCONUTS or DARKIES, an insider told the Auckland-based newspaper. Crowe's comments reportedly angered Eric Watson, the millionaire owner of the grand finalist Warriors, and led to the punch-up between the two.\n\nThe insider said one of the women at Crowe's table began to cry after his comments, and Watson asked Crowe why he was behaving so irrationally.\n\n[Watson] left the table to go to the bathroom and while he was there, Crowe confronted him, the insider said.\n\nFrom what I can figure out, Eric defended himself well, but the fight was broken up by one of Russell's minders.\n\nAfter the men were separated, Crowe was confronted by a distressed woman, who clutched at his cheeks.\n\nShe has been revealed as Francesca Guise, a New Zealand-born actress who has been in Britain for several months searching for her 15 minutes of fame.\n\nCrowe, 38, was questioned by police after trading blows with Watson on Tuesday night, but will not face charges.\n\nMeanwhile Miss Calder, daughter of British record producer Tony Calder and former model Karen Richardson, yesterday told London's Daily Mail the brawl followed a night of appalling behaviour from Crowe.\n\nShe told the newspaper how the actor had approached her table after their eyes met across the crowded restaurant in a crude attempt to seduce her.\n\nAfter introducing himself, Miss Calder claimed, Crowe suddenly kissed her and licked her face.\n\nShe claimed she tried to push him away, but the Gladiator star asked if she would like to go back to his hotel room. He was utterly revolting, she said. He was acting like he owned the place and everyone in it - including me.\n\nDescribing Crowe's dishevelled appearance, Miss Calder said: He was wearing this crusty old shirt and trousers that he hadn't appeared to have changed for several days - and he smelt.\n\nIt has emerged that Watson, and companions including Guise, were invited on to Crowe's table by the actor, and exchanged pleasantries before the arguments began.\n\nWhat was said between Crowe and Watson inside the men's toilets at Zuma is anybody's guess, but the actor came off the worse for wear.\n\nThe Warriors' owner regularly trains with Kevin Barry, the coach of New Zealand's heavyweight boxing star David Tua.\n\nCrowe has just completed filming Peter Weir's Master And Commander in Mexico.
who would've thought the founder of the muthafuckin WU TANG CLAN would grow to be a coon??? crazy
Damn riz...smdh he apologized to you??? White man spit at the earth bro! I can't fuck wit you no more. #Boo..... you transformed into a coon.
No this Negro did not resort to the Bill Cosby  pull your pants up, no hoodie style coonin. Both these negroes must remind themselves in the 60' s, black men wore trousers, not jeans, dress shirts, overcoats, brimmed hats and hushpuppy dress shoes and can be seen wearing these things in clips where they are being sprayed with fire hoses and having German Shepards nipping at their ass.😒
He said he saw him carrying her out from where he was sitting. But did he not just say he was in between them? RZA is a lying ass coon. Azealia has stayed true to her story, detail to detail to this day.
Fuckboys don't check people
RZA is the same brutha who responded to Black Lives Matter with the comment Animal Lives Matter. After he said that, I was like this brutha is so OVER Black people. Wow.
BUT EVERYONE SAID AZELIA  was lying. Fuck this coon. The nerve him to defend a white male spitting in the face of a woman and no one comes to her defense.
What's funny is that Damon wayans segment was ahead of its time because lil Wayne said those exact words lol
Bending over backwards to defend his mass, lost all respect for this nigga.
He took his side.. goes to show Hollywood mother fuckers ain't shit!
This is no longer Rza... its the  We Love You Rakeem dude
RZA can't be trusted tho, he got two left shoes on, and trying to walk right
The first time I heard this story I knew rza bitched up don't get me wrong AZ BANKS be tripping but in this situation I'm riding with her FUCK Russell Crow who ever that is
Yall really don't know how much bullshit Azelia been doing over the last few years huh
RZA..smh....
Coon talk the fuck man yall people are the reason we may never get passed that shit #equalityforall some of you may think we never should but why you driving the wedge further on the actions of the past new times are coming stop being are cunt and let's just all be human
lol @ white man spitting on a black woman, you better check him fuckin racist trash
Fuck Banks, she talks shit all the time. She took it to far and she suffered the consequences.
So what if a white man spits on a black woman? if u have a problem with him spitting its fine but what does race have to do with this?
Black men watched white men RAPE BLACK WOMEN on slave ships. Black men can't protect their own and they sell drugs and murder other black people in the community.  THEY DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT BLACK WOMEN OR CHILDREN! ONLY THEMSELVES! !!
Fuck you RZA, you lied the first time they ask you, you are a fucking sellout don't ever say you are the real deal or that you're an OG... Fuck you RZA
I don't care about the video but why don't Americans understand the past tense of spit is SPAT!\n Russell Crowe spat on Azealia Banks or Russell Crowe will spit on Azealia Banks, but Never Russell Crowe spit on Azealia Banks
FUCK RZA!....COON!
Half the people on this thread would spit & polish crows mushroom tip for a red carpet ticket TRUTH! ! !
Beautiful! This is excellent! Thank You Heza!!
At first I was thrown off by you adding movie clips, but that bloomberg clip and Damon Wayans clip are wild.
Right poor innocent lil black girl Azealia was simply at a party, and this big bag white man came and spat at her. It wasnt because poor wittle Black girl didnt threatened to cut the throat of guests, and was acting erratic at all. NO WAY! Azealia has been the poster child of someone who is clearly sane and always even mentally. So how dare anyone react to her with violence or aggression. Its just so... horrid. Azealia is an angel, and its merely the white people serving her with the  angry black woman'... she is an angel, and was an angel at this party and did nothing at all. Just an innocent young black woman. Riiiggghhhhtttt..... No way a black woman can act deplorable, and not be attacked. It's just now how social online justice works these days. It's systematic racism. It has nothing to do with her behavior at all... It's the system. Not her. She is and was an angel at this party.... And I mean even if she wasn't, still I mean who gets spit at? I mean yeah she threatened to slice throats AT A HOLLYWOOD party...  but I mean... come on. Trying to find elderly white women guests... I mean... no. Its the system. Not Azealia's behavior at all!
ALL - all - A L L - these so called underground rappers who made it to the top - are nothing but media designed actors and sell outs and nothing about real or real HipHop  . All of them are contributing into making Blacks in America and worldwide look stupid. Men who discriminate black woman to the fullest are not better to anyone else - not even to themselves. They are a bunch of people who - without - the respected-sellout-way-called-HipHop - never had enough knowledge to make it to the top anwhere - only very few who make clear and logic remarks are smart - but actually neither WuTang not DasEfx or KRS or any of them were actually smart or wise. They would all be nonsense fools. Sorry but true - there was never anything that was really mindblowing - really except from a very few and they did not even last of course. all these fame bitches in HipHop were nothing but moneyhungry, soulselling, character selling, liars, fakers and cowards. Actually what did HipHop people expect? When 19 year and early twenties guys were trying to teach LOL! And now people in the times of social and digital media get to follow the dudes on their lifes and realize that those PR-images are nothing but real life cowards, liars, assholes, busters, sell-outs and all the bad things -and represent nothing cool. What did the society expect? That behind the criminal praising, foolish acting, omnipotent feeling early twenties something idiots with rather nonsense rhymes and discriminating words - would be some great real life personalities? LOL! A good person can not be or stand behind an asshole statement and spill it - a good person can not discriminate other humans and then be against discrimination on other areas. Thats impossible for the brain to achieve. Such individuals cannot even stop at themselves and are hardcore self hating people as well. The brain aint made that way and those rappers do now get exposed and people see they made a bunch of fools rich who just embarressed the Black society and culture as a whole and are a big part of the problems Blacks face today. Stop letting musicians talk for us - and involve politically and real and stop acting as these dudes are to be tolerated. Its time to admit a mistake when anyone thought these dudes were about something real they were not! Period.
RZA Why didn't he speak about this when it happen? She trusted you she thoughts you was the homie. Then you don't even defend her or come out to at least confirm her story. He didn't do Shyt because she's a female that's Why!!! If it woulda been one of the dudes from wutang he woulda jumped in and they woulda beaten Russell racist crowe
RZA didn't check that cracka!!! I am ashamed of him.\n\nBut Azalea Banks have been acting up ever since she got into the music business.
RZA fucked up (although in his defense spit AT vs spit ON is a big difference - spit ON means we fighting, spit AT means you got lucky your spit didnt hit me). But if you notice Azelia didnt show as much vitriol at Russell Crowe when he's the one who actually spit, its easy to go off on the black man but why she aint go off as much on Russell Crowe?
Jigaboo Rza is a buckdancing sambo!\nhttps://youtu.be/UodDyjyyOIg
dont nobody deserve to be spit on tho
Who gives a shit Azelia Banks I.S fucking crazy
That's why I stay away from crakkkas... And from HollyWEIRD!!!
Tats wen I lost mikes
Fuck rza
I believe Rza
Wow, RZA! 😢
Wow
Damon Wayans was portraying Lil Wayne!!!
Open up those butt cheeks wider for Russell RZA.
Its nothing racist about that... Azalea Bankz is a cunt
Bitches get horny, niggas die
Can’t blame Russell Crowe on this one.
UH RZA?? she was spat on and called a nigger are you really gonna defend that white man?
He played up to the crazy black woman stereotype and left her out to dry. Smh. so much for solidarity.
That chick was outta line
Nope.  Azealia is certified nuts.  If her past history will give you more than a clue as to her character.  I believe RZA when he says she went after Russell like a man.  So he had to correct her.  Many of you guys would do the same.  The only reason why it pisses you off is because he is white.  I've seen plenty of Black guys manhandle white girls just for not calling him by his street name.
LMAO PLEASE. AZEALIA WENT AFTER RUSSEL CROWE LIKE A MAN, TRYING TO FIGHT. WTF.... GTFO!!! YALL JUST WANNT SOCIAL JUSTICE THE SHIT OUTTA EVERYTHING!... BYE HO'S!~ SHE TRIED TO ACT LIKE A MAN....  Yall act like someone calling you a Nigger is the worst thing in the world that can happen to you in all of history... It sucks. But dayum... our own behavior is what people judge us on. Banks aint working with a full deck.
Right now he wanna tell the truth cuz he trying to promote his moving starring who Ms.Banks. He clearly lied on her that he didnt have to do. Crowe could have put her out without the nigger name calling...considering other blacks was at that party. Fuck Rza. If that was a black man doing that to a white woman it'll be a whole other thing.
this is nothing new. I don't ever recall black men coming to our defense. Malcolm X even said black women are the most unprotected pple on earth. rza did what most black men do, defend his controllers and holler the black woman is guilty. sadly black men can't even PROTECT THEMSELVES against whites,letalone somebody else.\nthat caucasoid spit on AZ cuz he KNEW HE COULD.
I guess I'm the only one who watched the video. \n\nI'd do far more than spit at someone if they threw a glass at me (in my own house/party??).
She Deserved getting spat on !! That itch !!!
Russell spits at a nigga bitch, so what. This bitch fucked up a humble gathering and fools are calling Rza a coon. Fuck that. She is an embarrassment like most black women, today. Don't sacrifice your shit for a nigga-bitch. Az is a buffoon and black men should not cape for low level women. \nAs for Rza changing, yes, he is a grown man now. The God is about refinement. You can't carry all of your thoughts you had when you were 20 something into your 40's and 50's unless you're a damn fool who hasn't be cultured. I bet Damon Wayans don't even carry the same sentiments placed in the clip.
Azalea Banks = Scum Worker Retawded Witch
Can you get Kate McKinnon from SNL sometime? I bet she would be fun.
Anyone push their finger between the two bones on a flat?
I would avoid handling those hot wings. Keep the fingers and lips clean, just enjoy the heat.
Hello my name is ninoooooooooo\n\n\n\n\n\nAnd you’re going to invite Gordon Ramsay or I’m gonna kill youuuuuuuuuu
dude. what are you doing to protect your stomach? real talk...its like da fight game, your stomach gettin concussed e'rry week bruh.
This was great! Also fuck the dude who called u smiegal( spelling?) from Lord of the Rings! He was jelly u make everyone look like a fool when u eat wings better than them;) You are the man!
Please get Conan O'Brian. He's the best in interviews
Get Steven Suptic or Cib from Sugar Pine 7. They're an award winning channel.
One handed is best. One hand on my wing, one hand on my beer.
sean you're fucking great my friends showed me hot ones while we were on acid, its the trip that keeps on giving
It's either Blue Cheese with wings or go fuck your mother!
Shaq would be a good one
I would love you to do Ed Sheeran. Genuine guy, he would be perfect.
Alton Brown would be awesome, but most importantly... this totally rocks and thanks for putting together a show that makes me crave the chicken fort nightly
I'd like to see Dre or Snoop Dogg or Bear Grylls or iDubbbz
Why don't you just put up links to each of the sauces websites so the people that are too lazy can order them
joey diaz must hate you now for eating wings with ranch and not blue cheese
It would be awesome to see Jensen Ackles, Jared Padalecki, and Misha Collins!!!
Get me in the show, I'm a boring father of two girls that works on wind turbines and I'm bored all the time, give my life a fucking jumpstart, please.
Alton Brown, Justin roiland, Dan Harmon,  Andrew Rea, those would be amazing
I think Rich Chigga would be entertaining. And possibly a lot of good questions Sean could ask. But honestly hands down we should get Sir Isaac Newton up in this bitch.
I wonder how Joe Rogan would eat his wings.
Why is Sean talkin about eating wings? He nibbles the smallest piece off the bone everytime. He needs to start cleaning his bones and stop acting like a bitch
Search Hot Ones on Amazon,  they have most of the sauces.
i eat it first and them i twist it to get the meat out
Lynn Manuel Miranda please do Hot Ones!!!! 😍
There is a much easier way. Video incoming next week, it keeps your one hand clean to wipe your face and nose with.
Matt Stone/Trey Parker... or Billy West... or Jim Carrey... Make it happen Sean
Fuck your ranch , its blue cheese or fuck your mother
Why is this in my rec?
Get logic on the show !!!
Where do I get a jacket like that?
Just do it Post Malone style, boneless
We need KEVIN JAMES
Guests I love to see: Emilia Clarke (GOT), Justin Turner (Dodgers), Jessica Biel & Justin Timberlake, Gal Gadot, Katy Perry, Demi Lovato, Big Jay Oakerson, Dr Dre & Snoop Dogg, Pailin Pai Chongchitnant (HotThaiKitchen.com), Sean (host of @SeanThruGlass), Ariana Grande, DJ BBQ, Leo & his Wife (from Frog Leap Studios on YT), Choreographer Sori Na from 1MILLION Dance Studio, Chef David Chang and finally... President Barak Obama & Michelle Obama
Two words. Dave. Chapelle.
You would love Mr.Razorfist
RYAN GOSLINGGGGGGGGGGG
Tyler the creator?
...just eat
21 savage or logan paul @hotones
bro get Michael Jackson
cleanest bnes
Idubbbz pleease
get idubbz to eat dat spicy chicken
Get idubs
Antonio Brown next
pause
GET ICE POSEIDEN CX
Gordon Ramsay!!!Plz
How about Die Antwoord? I'd love to see Yolandi pound some wings.
Let’s get iDubbbz on hot ones
2:10 Hot Sauce Battle ... you so need to do this!
You should get Ryan sheckler on hot ones
I need to see Furious Pete on Hot Ones, he has a cool way to eat wings
Bring in James Franco!!!
Ohhhhh, throwing shade... I love it. You are the master of wings.. Anyone telling you how it should be done can suck a d!
Theres only one rule when eating wings... Clean the bones. That chicken died for your fucking satisfaction, so you eat that meat. You little bitch!!!!!
I do a combo of the Gary V and the Action Bronson method.  Then I chomp and crush the bones.  It's not pretty.  I should probably stop doing it in public. I feel like I should be eating wings in the dark at home under a blanket.
I want to see Rob Riggle just to hear him say POW! after every wing
Tyler the Creator would be hilarious
There is no certain way to eat a chicken wing u just fucking eat it for fuck sake
Keep it up Sean, love the show!
If you were to do a monthly hotones box you could arrange a deal months in advance with the sauce makers and have the presales to help with order amounts. And make it the same sauce used for the month of videos. I would suggest making it a higher patron tier to start then look into making it it's own thing
If you can get President Trump, you will become an instant legend!
do you not just bite it
I always thought they cooked the hot sauce into the wings. A little disappointed they just throw raw hot sauce on the outside
Rule #1 to eating chicken wings.. CLEAN the bones, no meat should be left
Well this was a pointless video
Love it. Also there is no wrong way to eat it, haters. Also boneless is for children.
love that you got henry rollins. would love to see david letterman and maybe any of the guys in the band, red hot chili peppers @first we feast
I got into hotsauces recently watching you guys, I wanted to feel that burn myself if I was going to sit here and laugh at it. Learned about Bravado from you guys. Stuffs a bit liquidy for wings, but goes great on salads!
I know this will be lost in the comments. When I get home I put on an orange shirt and roll around in the garden and pretend I'm a carrot!🌷
Gift bag!  I wonder if you just have us place a 79 order and someone costcos buys all the bottles and bags it up as a hot ones branded version. They get the initial sale, and you get to just throw it all together... like an edible arrangement of death!
Bro forget what all the haters say! The show is and always has been great. Anyone who wants to complain should eat a Carolina Reaper then we'll see what they say!!!
It would be awesome to see Joe Rogan
Man, I cant believe Sean didn't mention Andy Cohen's microscopic nip he took for the last wing. That shit should have never qualified as a bite.
FFS when is the Queen of England going to be on here
With this jacket you look like a NeoNazi. Cheers from Hong Kong
Jean-Claude Van Damme performing a prefect split the entire interview.
Make an extended episode when you get Gordon on where he shows how he cooks them beforehand
I have had a growing wing addiction since this show started, also have the youtuber Russian hacker on your show, I think it would be funny cuz Sean is bald too.
Love the series; watched em all since I found it. Thanks Sean!
To any pretentious cunts that say there's a proper way to eat a chicken wing should shove each bone up their ass.
Not going to address the nasty bottle of ranch sauce? Blue cheese, my friend.
weird al. You got to get weird al on this show
I think when you're on wing #1 & #2 there might be a right or wrong way but Jayzuz when you're up to Da Bomb if you can even get that shit down how can anyone criticize?  You gotta hand it to the folks that clean the wings tho.  I think it might be fun to get some of the worst trolls on to see how they do.
bill burr or gordon ramsay
didnt address DAT RANCH
Simple, you bite the fucker.
Pewdiepie
that's cleanest bones motherfucker quote though
Please interview Nyjah Huston
Fuck rob rosa #DOSHITWITHTHEHOONIGANS
Joe Rogan
do kobe
gotta love sean
Sean is a fuckin savage
DUDE you have an amazing personality keep making great shows !
Hey at least you are sporting the flight jacket!
He finally in his own video lol
My nigga deadsss sprinted up them stairs for that ass.
Ian Connor dumb ass brought me here 😂 this video fin to hit 500k now
Now WHAT You NEED to do is make a video for NUH TIME/TEK TIME!💦💦💦
did anyone realised this is one shot only , no edits .. also the colors are fkin great, AESTHETICS
Coisa Fina!
Daniel Daley & Nineteen85 = GREATNESS
I clicked on this so fast
😍😍😍😩beautiful model🍫🍫
Dvsn is that kinda artist you can play any song of and you now it’s going to be bomb
pause, is that Pedro??
Maxwell vibes
Good Ghhhhaaaawwwwwd. Dat ass 👀
*MOOD*
So good, that's just EVERYTHING that I love in music 🙏🏻❤️\nLove the mood of this song 😛 so warm!\n*Hope that you're having a great day everyone* 😛\n\n*If you have any spare time, check my covers if you want, that would make my day* 😃❤️
IM HERE. I MADE IT
FAVOURITE SONG RIGHT NOW! DVSN SO UNDERRATED! CONGRATS ON THE NEW ALBUM! x
The first time I seen Dvsn(Daniel) actually in one of his videos ....but he got to that azz fast asl. And he left the door open lmao. This song dope af doe
Raven is beautiful ❤️😍
Love the song ❤️
I'm lowkey confused lol
This song was originally titled Look what you made me do then Taylor Swift had to drop that trash
The fck is she doin with the alcool and the hot water? pls someone explain me im so confused
overly curvy :P btw.. Une musique superbe..!
Soooraven my baby and Ian Connor lady
Lol, I guess this is to finally show his appearance.
Why doesnt Nineteen85 ever appear in a video? Most people think Dvsn is just Daniel. Make an appearance already
She about as think as a bowl of grits.
She is beautiful , amazing song
That's my auntie @soooraven on insta
HOW COME I DIDNT GET NOTIFIED TF. I always get notified when dvsn post something
Such a dope concept and edit!!! You can go check out my review for their new album on my channel
Early squad af! Love this song
Love this track...and also, GOD DAMN (for obvious reasons)!
Make one for Claim next!!!🙌🙌🙌
This is from Puerto Rico lmfao
Hi everybody I'm a music producer and I wanna a notices.\nPlease checks my channel and thanks in advance
It’s just great RnB. dvsn need way more ears
soooraven is her ig that's bae 😍
The lyrics to the song definitely set a mood! It was refreshing seeing Daniel in his own music video too! ❤️
this ant a music video... its a movie. littt tell that weed guy hmu haha
This is now featured on http://canadahiphoptv.com/dvsn-mood-video/
I love this video for some reason who ever directed this fire !
Dear dvsn I've been a fan since u came out. The reason your fans fell in love with you is because of the sound you came in the game with. Where is the choir. I fuckin miss them man. Please bring them back. Ps this album is good just wish it sounded more like what I fell in love with. Gotta get use to this sound. Lastly please appear in videos and sing. We wanna see and admire your craft.
It's setting me up in the mood
This nigga be havin' the illest chicks in his videos!
honestly liked before the video even started ➗
Homies lowkey her pimp, whole time shawty getting ready for a jawn💯✔ just the regular
Finally, dvsn getting the recognition they deserve. Great album!
People sleeping on this song
Dvsn squad where y'all at! Hope to see them live one day
I didn't know I needed this video till JUST now
Ian Connor brought me here to watch this bull. Her ass fat tho
Thank God for notifications! I clicked this so fast
I swear they videos look like mini movies
The blessings from ovo just keep coming 🤧➗
Such a song to smash to 👌😌
gostei! (vim pelo rt da pag no twitter Drake Brasil) 😍🇧🇷
Uso suas músicas pra transar cara, muito bom! HUAHAUH
Daniel looking like that ghostwriter/newspaper editor from Nathan for You 😂😂😂
239 likes and a crazy one person have clicked in 'dislike'..
When Daniel hits those high notes 😍😭
🔥🔥➗ I was waiting for this 😩😭
Hey if you're reading this, your ears and you support can HELP CHANGE MY LIFE. I was always told I Can't Make It because I'm DIFEERENT but IDC. I live off my Art and one day with your support I can change lives with my music. So Please LIKE/Thumbs Up/Comment On This Post So EVERYONE CAN SEE IT.  Please Check Out What I Got, If Liike It, SUBCRIBE and Show Love and Positivity But if you don't, show it to someone that with. LOVE, LIGHT & POSIVITITY!
P.O.V. video gotta be next 😎
repeat all day
raven ALWAYS looking beautiful
Thats Ian Connors Bitch LFMAOOOO.
Fire
Here before 1k likes!
Raven 😍😍
Geeezeee
Eu amo eu ❤ fodasticamente espetacular
3ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODROGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOERYYYYYYYYYYYYYDIER5555555555555555
His falsetto though.
s/o the plug
Soso raven.. nice first start .
Dvsn ❤️❤️ \nBr's por ai??
Next video Body Smile Please ! 💝
Yessssssssss
these mofuckers did it again!
Jam it!
got'damn!
melhor notificação
<3
Falsetto 😱🚀
🌇
Ovo doing bits
Ian's bitch
god damn raven tracy thiccccccccccccc
Everbody sheep in dvsn music man..
HELL YEEEEE
I’m clearly blessed.
YES!!!
❤
What the fuck
What is that girls Insta? damnnn
quiero que aparezca la chava que salio en too deep es buena jajajaj
who's she??
How can ANYONE dislike dvsn
Starts at 3:01
Issa scam
I freaking love your hair!!!!!!
Paulas Choice is amazing skincare products.
Awww.  You got jacked. Sorry bunny
basically they scammed you
Yes Bloody Yes
love this!
So... bad ebay review?
LOOOOOOVE THE HAIR!!!!!!!  ❤❤❤🐇🐇🐇
her look 🤧☠️☠️❤️❤️
you should try Magnetic Eye Lashes
Bad deal Bunny.
Stolen stuff from department stores
Really expensive ipsy bag..
It looks like a dumpster diver haul.
That Kiehls Exfoliant is SOOOOOO good though....
At 0:57 lol\nAhhh spider!!!
$500?!? They ripped you off!!😯😠
It was probably a dumpster dive, she used an old used purse she had around and stock all of her stuff she found from the dumpster behind Alta and Sephora, they are always going to those two places but there's a ton of other places they could've dumpster go behind a mall anything, yours is definitely one of the better ones at least you didn't get a grocery bag full of empty cosmetic boxes I mean at least you got something LOL you could've gotten absolutely a box of air
Looks like someone took their ipsy and birxhbox items and stuck them in a box,  Lol. Btw, digging the eyeshadow and hair.
No. This is all coming from China and it is all fake, because they are really good in making replicas, but they suck in presentation and when they send you items that are not real you can tell by missing parts, or stains or weird smell. I dont think the bag is real, neither the cosmetic products. I've also been in China and seen it all.
I usually don't get too freak out about it but if its used make up for $500 that makes me gagged...
I love your videos but didn’t like all the nit picking in this one!! Still enjoyed watching.
At 12.33 if you look at the top pocket there looks like there is more stuff in it, just wanted to point it out.
Next you should order your palette of eBay and see if they send you a knockoff
that bag was terrible!!!  Hopefully your feedback reflects that too.. some people just have no shame apparently.
the polish could be stolen testers, store returns.
I love this look on you, but yeah I wouldn't even pay 200dlls for your box not even 100. But I will love to see you buy another one just this time investigate more before you buy it.
what is the tiny pink fridge behind her????? so cute
At 12:34 there was something in the zipper pocket???
You can’t get nail fungus from used nail polish. Nail polish has self sanitizing chemicals. That’s why nail salons use the same nail polish on everybody. 🙂💗
Please make sure you clean that brushes. Even if it looks new
She needs to not describe things as much as she does and show more items I mean you can go through 500 in a minute so this shouldn't be 15 minutes
Yep definitely ripped off and those nail polishes would have been display items that were thrown away which is why the lids were missing.  None of those products can be used or given away.  I think maybe need to ask lots of questions on the mystery box before purchase.  But was interesting to see this sort of thing goes on
i'm actually having a listing for mystery black milk / nylon pieces :3 and i swear im not trying to like promo myself, i just genuinely feel like youd enjoy that LOL <3
What website is she talking about?!?
I bet the lids weren't included because this person likely defected the items out and reported them as damaged and reported them as destroyed.
You can get that Marc Jacobs bag at Ross for $40 and it won't be nasty and dirty. The buttons, tags, zippers will all say Marc Jacobs. They are real bags and not disgusting from God knows where. The same with the other products. You were seriously ripped off, hope you make a claim to PayPal and learn your lesson, but you seem super excited for some reason and even are weighing the option of buying another in the future. Please stop helping these con artists rip off consumers and don't buy another ffs.
I think that the duo lip may be like that because the seller swatched it,maybe you should try and ask about that,sometimes sellers do that.
I really think this stuff is from a dumpster dive.
You totally got ripped off. But I would love to see you open other ones. Lol
It looks like someone hoarded a bunch of samples from buying other products and went dumpster diving :s
This sounds like they would have come for someone who worked in the cosmetics industry with an impulse buying issue.
I would be so mad if I were you lol
A lot of young women have been dumpster diving at a lot of cosmetic stores.  Company’s sometimes trash out old products.  That’s why I’m scared to purchase cosmetics from app stores, like, EBay or even Poshmark 😝😷🤢
I haven't seen one of her videos in years. This is my first in forever so you can imagine my surprise when seeing her new look..
i'm new to this channel and her eyes is mesmerizing. SO BLUE
This is probably from someone who works in cosmetics and gets free products. Hints the tester nail polishes.
I love the new cute little clip in the beginning. It's literally perfect lol <3
So everything but the bag and shirt were free samples?
No, you cannot get fungus from polish, there's too many chemicals that make it a poor environment for fungi
This is like items bought at yard sales and the good will
Sucky deal.\nYou should do a wish haul!
... You bought a mystery box. Why would they disclose that certain items are used or that its mostly makeup? The whole point is that you don't know. You got some decent stuff in both samples and in lotions. Not $500 worth, but I wouldn't say it was a total ripoff.
What was in the inside zipper pouch when you showed the inside!
If you don't return the stuff or keep it I'd totally want it. 🙂
That box was worth the 500.00 you wouldn’t be able to get all of those products and bags for $500.00 any where. She got a great deal!
Yes you can get nail fungus from used nail polish....
i want the paula's choice :-(
This all came from a dumpster dive!!
These products have been taken from a department store by an employee: that’s why there’s so many samples & why the nail polish doesn’t have tops on it. Haha.
You definitely just payed someone $500 to go dumpster diving behind Ulta for you. 😭😭😭
Did you dye your hair?  I love it.
bunny’s wig looks so amazing silver hair suits her v well ngl
Aww... I hate this was a disappointing box for you! At least the bag could turn out really cool after a cleaning, but still, that isn't great. Oh well, the video itself was still fun. I always enjoy your channel.
The nail polishes have those toppers because they are samples/testers at the store
IS IT JUST ME OR SHE LOOKS  LIKE CHLOE IN THE BRATZ ROCK ANGELS MOVIE?!? ANYONE ??
Good thing she's got YouTube money$$$
You can actually return it or ask for a refund per eBay rules
Bummed. I didn't csr for the items at all. Definitely products no one wanted.
looks like dumpster divers haul or a bunch of samples from working at a makeup store for a year.
Paula's Choice is the lady that writes the book about makeup brands and whether they work or not and then she came out with her own products
Paula's Choice is really great skincare.
I am IN LOVE with that shirt!!!
Yeah I would love to see another one of these, but I'd look into it some more before jumping into it. Maybe ask the seller for some details.
Ayeeee just send this back! Lol like it’s not worth the risk
Definitely not worth $500.  I feel that open cosmetics were probably fm dumpster diving at like an Ulta, testers don't usally have the caps to the products.
you've never heard of paula's choice, oml
Is she still with dog man?
Wow 500.00 that’s crazy...Never!!! But hey you had fun opening it up....Thnks for sharing
This girl has got it going on!!!\nBig switch from the little BunBun in the cutiff tshirt and the ponytail!\n Shes be styling dontcha know!
this stuff is stolen
I didn't even watch the video because the title is ridiculous! Please find a different hobby!
You got taken I would not leave a positive comment would like to see a better one
Man that wasn't worth it
She kinda looks like Melanie Martinez! I love it
If you are grossed out about used stuff then why would you ever buy this 🙃
Guys- the whole point of all the mystery boxes videos are to see if it's a scam. So yeah, everyone knows it's a possibility before even buying. They're sketchy as hell. That's the whole point of opening them on camera
Yes please do this again!! I loved this
This wig looks so good on you!
Rouge is red in French so she said cherry red colour
Maybe buy multiple $100 (or less) mystery boxes, that way there's more variety
They're was stuff in the little pocket
Do a tutorial for this look pleaaaasssseeee
maybe the eve saint leraunt or whatever was missing the caps so that they could put the caps on cheap nail polishes for a different box similar to this one in order to trick someone else. This is very scammy to me.
They probably melted the lipsticks and remoulded them
Umm about tht feedback they wanted.. I would let em know how crappy it was in the feedback ya leave.. 😂😆
A face only a mother can love 😒
Only boy here ?
My friend dollop will go Gaga over this place.
I thought it was the actual Michael Jordan. The basketball legend
Mmm.... No I am sharing this with um my life
Shouldn't it have been 23 layers
This shall be my last meal before I die.
Whats the best thing to put in a cake?\n\n\n\n\nYour teeth.
Oh I get it's black and brown like Michael Jordan skin, racist much wow
I was hoping it was mj who made the cake
HOW DID I MISS THIS WHEN I WAS AT GRAND CENTRAL?!
*He's a chocolate cake himself lmao*
23 is also my lucky number
How about Michael Jordans number 45
I want one ☝
Smith Island Cake
Looks like the cake from Matilda
Still waiting for MJ to appear and swallow it...
This is excessive, but still not in a way...
Bet you it taste like diabetes
nice 1 min 33 seconds ad. Where the video at?
Every time I see a big chocolate cake I think of the movie Matilda.
Michael Jordan has a restaurant?
I have never seen a 10 layer cake!
oh yea  oh yea i like that oh yea mmm oh yea put it there oh yea oh yea
Imagine how much pain and control the baker has to go through
Isn't this where dat bich got that damn frie??
I just wanna know how much a slice is
23 LAYERS, INCLUDING THE ICING. WTF? WHO COUNTS ICING AND FILLING AS LAYER? THIS IS CLICKBAIT IN A WHOLE NEW LEVEL.
The chef looks like a Mexican Murr from Impractical Jokers.
Nothing is to much food FOR ME!!!
The only thing I'm getting out of this are 24 layers of diabetes.
“Diabetes on a plate”
Dam son where'd you find this
This is bad for you
A large French frie, now this!
my birthday is also on nov 23
Must be a pain to make
I thought it was Michael Jordan making the cake. :(
Good thing I got the costco cake in the fridge. I won’t have to think about eating cake
Can I get one piece!
Stop it, get some help.
i never believed in love on first sight but now i get it
I'm pretty sure rosanna pansino can make a miniature version...
It should be called Death by Chocolate Cake.
i thought its a 23 layer  cake, because it has 23 cakes. But because it has 12 cakes + 11 icing + ganache top
There is also a 20 layer cake at a steakhouse in Las Vegas Nevada. If anyone is interested in the location, comment below
its $15 a slice. you're welcome
This is perfect for me when I'm on my period!
I need a scoop of vanilla and whipped cream and a glass of milk with that shit
A treat\nThat's a whole dessert meal 😂
Stop it... Eat some cake
For the whole family? I think not.
the chef only make 2 cakes a day?
At first, he makes shoes. Now, he makes cakes. In the future, he will make a phone. What’s next.. a flying octopus?
Probably a day's worth of calories per slice..
“That cake is for the whole family!”\n\n\nHa, no. I’ll be eating all that myself
holy- im going there right *now*
Something for my daughter. 🤗
*sees thumbnail* damn MJ really knows how to live
smoke a blunt and eat the whole thing
I WAN. \nI NEED.\n*IN MY MOUTH.*
I'm on a diet... And this comes... F my life..
This made me cry because I wanted it and that one guy only took one bite out of it😭
THAT NEEDS SOME MILK
I can't finish one peice of this cake beacause it's too big 😧😧 but it's looks tasty 😋😋
23 layer of me🙃
I need!
diabetes
Where's Scottie Pippen's Cake?
haaam 😋
I wonder how he sliced them evenly?
What about recipe?
Diabetes
Wow!big size❗美味しそう
Looks good😎😉
looks like spekkoek tbh
Yummy
the trunchbull
*yumm*
stop.doing.this.kind.of.typing.for.emphasis.in.most.of your.vids.
GET INSIDE ME this chocolate monstrosity
Diabetes in one bite
lol cool
It looks yummy
18 pounds
One word: obesity
23 layer cake ♥️it
wow
I want it
Michael *Rosen's* Chocolate Cake
2 words........Bucket List♥️♥️👌🏽
S H O O K
*Me on cheat day*
This tew much
Diabetes, here i come.
An opera cake
Mrs.trunchable would be proud
Diabetes
CAKE
Pure fu@$₩# diabites
Watching this is orgasmic enough!
*Well this explains Dodie's photos on Instagram of her covered in blood*
Can you join another animated series? Please!!!! I am too attached to eddsworld but it ended. Or if you have joined one that isn’t planning on ending soon, please tell me!!!!
Are you a bit fucked?\nCould you not be fucked?\nAre you, on your own, going to unfuck yourself?
Tom, I think you need more people dude. If I had enough money to fly there I'd gladly do some small production work.
*THERE’S SO MUCH PISS*
Doddie is hot :)
Did anyone else cry when Tom talked about his nightmare...?
Daniel Craig – angles + roundness + some years = Tom’s Dad
oi thomas ( is that how you weird british ppl speak?) I noticed that eddsworld is not on your best buds page i am triggered and crying ARE YOU PROUD??????
My friend is dealing with anxiety and possible depression, so I told him about you to show that others are dealing with this too.
Tom. That shoe is actually pink. It's sold by Vans.
just know that princess kaguya is the most depressing movie i've ever seen. no spoilers.
THE PAINTING SCARED ME TOO
I didn't see squidge's spider legs on the costume so I just thought you were dressing him up as a racist stereotype
I love dodie's face.
I went and saw Ready Player Three as well! I have to ask... Team Yoshi or Team Waluigi? X)
You bought x com 2 from me in Camden when i worked at game and we took a selfie it was a great day
Am I the only one who thinks I know who the nightmare was about?
You should replace Last Week with an Xcom 2 let's play!
I really like the description!
Don't leave eddsworld or Edd will kill you. 🙂
Anyone know the song playing in the car in the Friday section ?
DAN AND PHIL STILL HAVE TOKAIDO WOW
Tom i cannot  believe you were at the co-op in sible hedingham. Literally couldve bumped into you, that wouldve made my day
2:02 STOP BEING SO SUBTLE WITH QUITE CLEARLY THE BEST SHOTS OF THIS SERIES
tom, you lowkey revealed where dan and phil live on your phones map lmao.
Every last week needs out of context clips from Eddie or other members of the circle, it's amazing
Ok what the f Tom's brain with that nightmare? That's horrible, I'm so sorry, and like I'm acting as if Tom's brain isn't Tom but that's just nasty, so sorry for you dude
What is that girls name who was also at the collab with Dan and Phill
What is it with Elliot and putting things in his pants?
Aw Tom 😢 **hugs** 😢 please don't cry 😢 I'll hug you again ❤
I'v had that dream every night fore 3 years I'm messed  up and I'm only 14
Omg, I had pretty much the same dream with a person I lost. It was traumatizing. I hope you feel better now 😟
Tom, do you need a hug?
Holy shit Tom has the exact same smile as his younger dad
Dear tomska, \n   I mean this in a nice way. I REALLY care... and ive noticed youve gotten a bit...bigger. are you ok? If you wanna talk, please do!! Talking usually helpes me, as im actually going through what you are...but i cant lose weight no matter WHAT i do!! I really do hope you answer, because im very worried...i wouldnt want you depressed!\nYours truly,\nShila Robinson/Tori Larsson
Still loving Last Week and will watch until it's over.
Hi Tom,\nAt some point in this episode you were talking about how you're drowning in tasks. I wonder, do you work with a to-do list? I found it helpful for stress management.
this was a goodun
4:52 the middle one looks so good!
I came here for dodie and then I saw D&P I was like kings and my musical queen yEeesS
its alright squidge one day i'll be as happy as you are just to be outside\none-two punch of happiness and sadness jesus
Christ the woman on the thumbnail looks exactly like my mother and I fell off my chair when I scrolled past it because she's been working for a week and I actually though it was her JFC
Wow, they sell Seattle's best in London? That shit is TRASH coffee, and I know cause I live there.
8:55 Hi Tom, I'm currently playing through XCOM 2 War of the Chosen myself and yeah, it can be unfair at times. You can mitigate a lot of it by just making sure you've did all the necessary research to keep yourself ahead of the game. \n\nAlso I imagine you are probably playing on console which I could see being more difficult. It's like a whole new game on PC, you can use mods to change what you don't like about the game and add so much more content to it be it new weapons, enemies, missions or cosmetics for your troops. \n\nDon't be afraid to save scum either, if something happens that you thought was unfair and you want another shot at it just load a quick save from a couple of turns back and give it another shot to try to do better. (Not sure if you can do this on the console? Hopefully you can.) If you have a strong enough PC I'd really recommend giving the game a shot on PC. Super fun game. :)
Grey and green? That shits blue and grey!
I feel part of something the spider costume came from where I live, yuuuuuuus
24:42 Pathetic, only three generations, I’ve had a picture with 5 generations
Honestly it makes me so happy to see you as this small family of three with Charlie and Squidge, Tom🖤✨
I've got one of those for extra space it's super helpful
The one next to it is Pewdiepie my favourite quote of the video!
hey tom likes post malone\ni love it
i can't remember if you're filming with a dslr but if there's an option when you ARE filming to set it to aperture priority pls do. you'll want something above eight to stop constantly going out of focus when you move. i can't tell if you have autofocus on, but the sound might disturb the audio quality im not sure. but yeah if you like the artistic depth of field stick to a low aperture. \njust a small tip from a camera nerd bc i love ur videos and i thought it might help.
my two favorite youtubers know each other yay
What the hell last night I had a dream that my dog was a zombie and I had to shoot it... It was super sad
Ill be honest, i was half expecting you to say you bought studio ghibli itself.
I always love the content but man that gaming rant was hard to get through.
Tom seeing u wiping ur eyes from tears makes me sad that ur sad. Tom u don’t know me but ur literally my hero, u make me laugh u make me happy when when u tell a joke or a pun. If I never found ur channel I would be so boring and feel lifeless without ur comments, my life would feel gray. But just seeing ur smile gets me threw the day. U thought me a lot Tom u really did, and for that I respect u. Ur a very great person in life. I know I’m not the only one who feels this way about what I’m trying to say. Tom u help a lot of people and u make me so happy when u do. :)
I know you're not a mental health expert, but it's really nice to see that people with mental health issues can have good days, not just bad days, and that some of the bad days are just, WELP, my brain is being shit today. K. Time to hunker down and ride this out. Bad days aren't always defeat and good days are not as rare as they may seem, and that's really nice to know as I'm figuring my own shit out with social anxiety.
I almost went to Game Grumps! Wish I could have gone
I've always loved how open and honest you are about mental health, and especially yours. Making it a normal thing to talk about I think is a really important thing. Here in New Zealand we had mental health awareness week last week and the theme was nature is key because nature and greenery is a big iconic thing for NZ. The office I work in had a lock out where for an hour each day (in addition to our lunch break aww yiss) we had to step away from the office and go to either a park or somewhere with an abundance of nature and just...be.\n\nThats my advice for mental health if you are having a tough time. Just go and enjoy nature. Enjoy life. Just be man, just like...be.
so at 21:20 like a different version of the Last Week theme plays, and tbh, I DEMAND a full-song-length version of the Last Week Theme for the intro to Last Week 100
Carlie sounded like a war horn at the end
Don't worry Tom, we all get dreams like that. Just had another one the other day where my father came back. Again.
12:15 y'all getting a barbershop quartet
That was a powerful “pthhbpp” this week
Wow.  It looks like you had a very busy but very productive week, actually.
Didn't you say you only play Xcom 2 on easy mode?
Did that person take their eye out in the zombie part?
Do you remember your friend/partner Edd?
Hey Tom, to fill in the time gone from last week Can you do a 'lets play' video on all your fav games???? just a recommendation. its like a weekly vlog but just good old fashion game play of tomska angst :) \n\nfrom A loving fan :)
Not asking for help. I do want to die but i wont do it by my own hand. I have 3 sisters and 2 of their dads hung themselves. Ive not been able to keep a relationship longer than 6 months since my divorce in 2011. I am literally out of energy. But i know if i give up i will never find happiness again and thats what keeps me going (3 suicides in the family would be taking the piss)
THE PHOTOS WITH SQUIDGE ARE SO CUTE!
> Says he has all the Studio Ghibli\n\n> Doesn't have Porco Rosso\n\nPIECE OF SHIT
13:17 \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\ni need it for my profile pic-
D, P and Hazel at 12:30 ish
dan looks like he's humping the bookshelf.
Was it edd
FUCKER ALBUM
Cool spider pug 😀
17:36 Is that Hopsin?
Yas Crash Zoom!
Tord Larsson
20:10 fall apart by post Malone thou
Wow Ridgewells in Ridgewell!
Aye Russell brand
This is amazing
That a chubby Babi
awwwwh the squidge photos
Stressberg dead ahead!
19:35 OH MY GOD CHARLIE STAAAAHHP
Tom get Cuphead!
Edd :(
19:00 MY DICK FELL OFF
Watch Ponyo
Wait, Pewdiepie is a scar?
Squidge is getting big
*The moment Tom realises that there are a lot of kids out there that have no clue that Tom posts sketches*
I love being a lucid dreamer, I straight up don't get nightmares
I played Frostpunk at the Gamescom and it's not a very talkative game. So who do you wanna syncro? The guy who cries for help while lying in a medic tent in the cold :D
Please do more videos together
😂😂”are u a vaporu type of person” I can’t rn😂
Can Patrick come do my makeup please, I always look like shit 😂  I can’t contour, I can do eye makeup and my brows always look shit! 😂
Ashley we neeeed a video of you reacting to yourself on Suite Life and High School Musical
I LOVE Ashley in a red lip
Bop bop bop bop to the top
More of you two!!!!!
Is  ONCE A WILD CAT  real ??
this makeup is beautiful!! also, yall are so cute
Patrick Star? Where's SpongeBob? Okay okay I'll leave 😂😂
Yaaassssssss love it.    Do more!!!!
I love how Ashley is still so youthful!!
Love your videos! Especially this one, you and Patrick have a great connection :D
Can someone pleeeease tell me what lashes those were?? I can't hear what Patrick said
I love you forever Ashley! FABULOUS!
i love you two together 😂😂😂😭😂😂😍😍😍
That lip color is gorgeous!!!! I love this collab!!!! You two are amazing together!!!! More collabs!!!! Stunning look!!!!
This is the most unboring collab i’ve watched so far! Can’t wait to see more you two with Vannessa hudgens too!
OMFG Patrick’s hands are bigger than Ashley’s head haha😂😂😂
i love how down to earth and genuine and wonderful ashley is, she has always been that celebrity that is super cool (sorry i cant spell lol)
Totally getting Brittany Murphy vibes! Looks just like her 😍😍😍
Love iittttt! You guys should do a get ready with me together next time!
This was so funny loved it lol
Love the lip! What brush is he using at 7:00?
You guys are great. I get the best vibes from this collab.
OMG why is Patrick so fricken hilarious i would be crying laughing if he was doing my makeup!!!
I love his personality so much 😂😂😂 I need a friend like this lol
Candace your brothers on the run
I love this collab! I had no idea ypu had a Youtube channel until I saw your video on Patrick's channel. So excited! #Subcribed
You two have such great chemistry! I LOVE the look and the lip color is gorgeous!! Another collab would be amazing!!!! Love you, Ashley!! xx
Ashley you're so beautiful!
I need another video from you two! Yall's vibe is amazing!!
This look reminds me to Brittany Murphy! You two are so fun to watch xxx
I love how Ashley sips her drink 😂😂☕🦄
Does anyone else think Coffee Bean is gross?? All their flavors taste soo powdery. I hate it.
I love you two ! more videos like this :) Kisses :*
Ashley your skin is flawless and you're so beautiful! ❤️
Omg I'd love a video with you two & Vanessa.
You're both so funny ^^
Lmfao 😂😂😂 Patrick star you are hilarious the best combination of entertainment you can snatch a face and make laugh at the same dam time!
You two are so cute, love this video 💗
This look is absolutely FABULOUS. 💎💝🌸 Gabriella is QUAKING, and Ryan is SH00K.
SOO YA THINK YA BETTTER THAN ME!!! LOL
C’mon filter😂
That lippie is gorgeous!!!💄👍🏼👍🏼❤️❤️❤️
Mrs. Sharpayyyyyy 🗣#SNATCHED 😍
They’re chemistry is amazing I love Patrick Starr he’s hilarious
This video gives me life ❤️
Can you do a make up collab with James Charles?
When my two favourite human beings get together... ♥♥♥♥♥
The way that patrick star talks is so annoying, but he/she knows how to do a good make up. Im torn
They need to do more vidioes together
