Jennifer Lawrence has the same expression in every movie. How does she get work?
Well to be fair, it had Jennifer Lawrence in it as a lead so I don't know why anyone was expecting this film to be anything other than shitty. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
(you will never answer the door again.) - From the trailer\n\nYes, if you're a living biblical allegory, you will be scared shitless!
Mother Earth being portrayed as innocent, good and forgiving is ridiculous in of itself. Because nature is extremely violent. Animals having to kill each other for survival and natural disasters are not something that man created. Jennifer Lawrence should have been portrayed as having split personalities or something. Nice and calm one minute, and raging and screaming with a knife the next minute.
9:41 Background Rich detected What are you doing man, come on?
Wooh, thanks for saving me from spending money to go see a hamfisted religious allegory.
I hear it ryhmes like poetry...
I liked it just fine! But I also like bunnies in bee suits.
I don't enjoy Jennifer Lawrence's acting at all, honestly I find she's a bad actor and I generally dislike the movies she's in. Besides the X-men movies, that's the only ones I like and can stand her in. I don't see the characters she's playing, I just see JLaw and that ruins it for me.
Oh, come on, Jay! Identity was GREAT!
Exclusive footage from mother!: https://youtu.be/HMUDVMiITOU, the HOUSE gets destroyed.
I don't like the bible. Too many words and needs more explosions and lightsabre battles.
Is this a soft reboot of Tootsie?
Wait a minute, this isn't a cinematic re-enactment of Earthbound.
22:41 not quite jucy Shaq meat but it'll do
All of my hipster friends think I don't get it because I didn't like it. \nDelete my brain
I wonder if these guys hated Dogville too. hehe.  Also... when is ok to use allegories ? never?
21:19-22:19 This reminds me of how Tarkovsky continues to be among the greatest contributors to the art of cinema. His films avoid pretentious symbolism as his visuals emphasize textures, temperatures, and colors rather than having props being prescribed arbitrary meaning. It's very simple and sensible film-making that make them accessible to general audiences. \n\nPlus, they do not have endings that would leave anybody baffled like how in Magnolia, frogs randomly rain down from the sky for no reason other than as a symbolic connexion to the Book of Exodus tying into the apparent theme of exploitation of children by adults. Stalker has a strange ending where Stalker's daughter demonstrates telekinesis but it's been established that she's a weird child that was touched by the Zone; the film's nihilistic sensibilities leave this open to interpretation. That's quite a difference.
Mother... Tell your children that the movie's gay.
Metaphorical but falling on your face.\nSo The Fountain again.
you guys are the best
The Bible is overrated. That hack should have ripped a better book.
I think mother! would make a great short film, or a great short story -- but a feature-length film? Nah.
Yep.\nA guy making his girlfriend happy so sex will be great for a while.\nThats the oldest story you can find.
this movie is bullshit, has no point, it goes just for the shock value
I don't know if Possession ever bordered on farcical to me. I think it does a really good job inhabiting its own world consistently.
Now I wonder what Mike and Jay would say about Borgman.
Didnt bram stoker's dracula also had a baby eating scene?
I love the forcedly bad opening dialogue
Like how Mike has time to watch TurboDick Ranger 4, but hasn't seen The Wrestler
I've never seen that Possession movie or that subway scene but now I realize the Crystal Castle music video for Plague is a reference to it.
Instead of Turn Down For What, how about Ya Mama, the name fits too!
I think my ignorance to the themes in this movie allowed me to enjoy it a lot more than these guys. I hardly know anything about the bible, I 'd heard nothing about Aronofsky's intentions here, and I honestly didn't pick up on most of those supposedly ham-fisted allegories. \nIn my eyes, it was just an exaggerated descent into the hell of loving someone who cares more about themselves than you. As that, it was a very effective movie for me.\nI like my interpretation way better than this bible crap, I gotta say.
Jennifer Lawrence is the Hillary Clinton of Hollywood celebrities.\nShe's a narcissist who is over hyped and won't go the fuck away.
this is allegory in the way south park is allegory: so poorly done and heavy handed that the 'message' is completely driven away by the gross text. no subtext no subtlety. aronofsky made one good movie way back when. he should be ostracized for charlatanry in the same way shamalyan was.
Instead of watching mother!, go look at a picture of Jennifer Lawrence's asshole. Much more interesting.
OMG! This opening 2 minutes actually reminded me of how the RLM guys reviewed that steaming pile known as Movie 43. Just as... accurate.
I don't remember mother nature in the bible.
What happened to all the beer on the show?
So Aronofsky really can't do shit unless he's stealing from Satoshi Kon, huh?
After seeing that clip from Possession I really want to see a episode of Re:view on it!
I work at a movie theater, literally every set atleast 2 people leave almost 40 minutes before it ends. Always... and when they leave it never fails, worst movie I've ever seen it's actually quite hilarious. That being said, I literally went in cold today to see what the buzz was about. I honestly got little to no religious symbolism going in because I did zero research before hand. I thought it was a metaphor of a woman who's dealing with her husband's fame and how it's ruining their marriage. It was like an abstract poem in film form. BUT now hearing how its just a Bible and Earth metaphor, it kind of ruined my initial opinion. Overall I still like it a lot and I'm happy it's so fucking weird and out there compared to any stupid shit we have or are getting this week, a sequel, a jump scare Facebook film and another Lego film. I thought it was refreshing in a way. That's just my opinion 👍
It wasn't that ham fisted. You said yourselves you didn't know what was going on the first half of the film. Things didn't become perfectly clear until after she had baby Jesus, then yeah, it was simple going back through the movie and putting the pieces together. But it wasn't a Nolan puzzle movie. It would have probably serviced the movie better to know it was an allegory from the start. And actually, it was less an allegory and more a retelling of the Bible from a bizarre new angle. Why shouldn't it be easy to make connections to the original stories of Adam and Even, the crucifixion, etc. Aronofsky clearly wasn't trying to hide the Biblical elements in his own narrative. They were his narrative. It was a nightmare Sunday school session where you get to see the relationship of God with his worshippers and with the earth played out in the flesh. It's not such a pure and cheery dynamic we have with God when you look at it in that light - kind of creepy and sad, really. I think that was the point of the film. Look at this old old story from a totally unique perspective. Take from it what you will. The decision to shoot the first hour of it like a horror movie was a strange creative choice, JLaw's performance didn't do anything for me, it doesn't have a killer thesis like you'd expect it to, and CGI babies are bad. But Mother! was ambitious and fun to piece together. If you wanna talk some shit about a pretentious, unpleasant, falsely advertised indie 'think piece', feel free to do that with The Lobster. I don't think Mother! deserves it.
Did he say he thought of Jennifer Lawrence when he thought of Mother Nature?
I know they hated this movie, but Mike and Jay express more energy talking about this than they have in a long time.  Has the movie landscape become so bland that even terrible but strange is better than good but generic?
I just watched it today.  There were two old ladies sitting in front of me.  As I was leaving they stopped me and asked me if I had any idea what that all meant.\n\nI said,  you know the Bible?  All of that.
Hey. I think it'd be fun if you could talk about some films that you enjoyed for like five minutes every now and then. \n\nI mean it'd be fun to hear why Susie liked the wrestler and why Fred Flintstone likes... I don't even know what Mike actyally likes to watch. That's why I'm asking...
Why wide release?\nDigital distribution makes a wide release quick and easy.
mother!, also known as, another movie I won't watch because it stars Jennifer Lawrence.
This film is not original. Aronofsky is a great filmmaker but he didn't create shit. This is an artsy quasi film adaptation of Paradise Lost. Him is God. Mother is Satan. The House is the earth. The film is the bible from Satan's perspective. Not even the billboard ads are original. They look like the ones from Rosemary's baby. Perhaps an easter egg for the real meaning behind the film.
I don't know Jay, how you can call Darren Aronofsky a pretentious douchebag with such condescension and then say you enjoyed his films. Quite a Contradiction?
Saw it with an elderly couple who walked out with a WTF look on their faces once it was over, I remember the woman saying I thought this was supposed to be a romance movie?.
Appreciating craftsmanship is not being elitist.
mike stoklasa confirmed lil wayne fan
Aoronfsky's films are all absolute shite.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3p0ZZhlKrw
Spooky count: 1
IDENTITY IS AWESOME YOU HACKS
Mother...FUCKER
Ahh The Wrestler, AKA the good Darren Aronofsky film.
No Jar Jar? No sale!
Identity is great. Cunts.
29:30 \n*N A N I*
Mother by Glen Danzig ?
so... he did another The Fountain type of movie. Too bad, I hoped for Black Swan. Looks like I'll skip it in theaters then. As pretentious Bible retellings go, there's always El Topo, which is very entertaining in it's weirdness.
Does anyone remember a weird gangster-noir film that was a biblical allegory that came out sometime in the 90s?  I remember seeing it *once* and was intrigued by it, I'd love to watch it again to figure out if it was actually any good or not.  But, obviously, the name of the film escapes me.  Had a pretty good cast, too
wasn't there a horror movie called mother bout a year?
What the fuck, Mother Nature is a purely pagan character. Only a schizophreniac would shoehorn it into a Bible allegory.
Or as it's known in Japan: earthbound!
Bored and Need some Entertainment? \nFollow the Link  below and thank me later\n https://youtu.be/K5FvxLBc6yk
What if God was one of us?  Just a slob like one of us?  Blue blue blue blue blue blue blue.  Yah Blah Blah Blee Blee Bleee.
this movie sounds so damn stupid
are they making any spoilers in this vid?
When are they gonna get to the gaaaaaaaay wedding?!?!?!
She has the same face through the whole movie? Try her whole career
I liked Identity! It was a clever idea - and John Cusack is cute. :-)
ED Harris is not in West World?
If I want to watch a movie about mankind's conflicts with nature, that also includes spiritual elements and violence, I'll watch Princess Mononoke again.
Jennifer is a fucking cunt...  arrogant  and is loosing her base..  the cunt can't keep her politics out of her career..
So the movie is based on a 2D interpretation and understanding of the Bible, and infanticide? What a hack director. Why pretend to be pretentious if after all you don't even know shit about the source material...
I liked Identity...
nice
This sounds fucking hilarious.
Jennifer Lawrence anus is nice
Super progressive of the director to make a movie harshly critical and disrespectful to a religion and culture different from his own.
Jennifer Lawrence had a tums festival
The Wrestler and The Fountain are some of my all-time favorite films.  Finding out that Aronofsky is yet another New Yorker, one of many, that may have exploited a woman that countless people know has a history of being sexually abused, is just sad.
it's a con job exactly how i feel about David Lynch after watching twin peaks: the return. No meaning in any of his films. Just a bunch of BS college filmmaker vignettes because he wants something to look cool.
Of course people would be so arrogant as to assume Mother Earth's baby is supposed to be Jesus. That baby represents the billions of animals that are slaughtered & devoured by humans every year :p
Great track. Untypical keyboard sound for him. Great time do as I wish left turn. Can't wait for the album! And please come to Ukraine!
This needs to be blaring from public speakers
Trust Morrissey to sum up the truth, the media \nand the ordinary persons hunger for freedom and discontent with unchecked capitalism.\nThank god he's still with us sharing these kind of lyrics.  \nX❤
A return to form for Morrissey - sound advice too.
I spent the day on bed listening to this jewel. God-like.
I'm not really into this song.  I'm kind of wondering how spending the day in bed relates to not watching the news lol.  But then again, it's just a song
God is not dead, he is creating masterpieces. ❤️
42nd time I've listened to it since last night... :)))))))) Love spending the day in bed! Yay, Moz!!!!!
The cheesy synth effects add nothing.  I would leave them out.  Otherwise, I think it's a pretty good pop song.
Was lost but now am foundThank u mozzer...yet again.
LOOKS LIKE DADDY'S BACK
So happy this is out! <3 Also so happy to have new Morrissey music... !
Pleasantly surprised and pleased, good track
Morrissey made music with High quality, thats why we don't expect nothing bad from him. He have the best fans in the world
Can't get enough of this
What happened to his eye in the thumbnail
Okay, so I'm not sure if I'm just getting used to the song or if it's growing on me, but I appreciate it more every listen.\n\nI like the lines on the media, although they do come out of nowhere (Moz always does that though, but there's always been a link regardless in the feeling of what he's saying. Here it does feel like quite a sudden jump, maybe that's just the instrumental). \n\nI like that it's a catchy pop tune with some not-so-pop lyrics which has always been Moz's style. It's so darn catchy, he must have gotten a few music technicians who knew how to make an ear worm in the studio.\n\nInitially I found 'Time, do as I wish' to be a bit arrogant, but I suppose it's about his depression and he's able to control it by sleeping and actually finds strength in that 'pillows like pillars', but I do wish this was used better in another song or gone into more as an idea.\n\nSaying he slept while people were out working hard is still very rude sounding to me, Morrissey does realise his job is in the music industry, right? May not be conventional, but it is technically a job to keep the machine turning. I mean just think of all the CDs, T-shirts, etc he's selling and propping up the corporate giants.\n\nThere are some parts that feel like he just came up with on the spot, like I doubt the line 'No highway, freeway, motorway' took him very long at all. It's lazy.\n\nThe song could have been better, but considering I initially hated it and now don't mind nodding my head to it... That's a big improvement. Hopefully the rest of the album is more creative and insightful and provocative in the lyrics department.
Moz, You're back on top,  What an awesome track.  Total genius
ehhh... I want to hear the other stuff.   He still has the vocal chops.  However, the song is kind of meh.   Just because it is new Morrissey does not make it amazing.   I remember when Irish Blood, English Heart debuted as the first single off YATQ and Morrissey's 'modern era' debut and I was blown away.  This got me to listen twice to see if I missed something.  Sadly, I don't think I did.
it's just ok, not much to it really
Yes stop watching the news, but realize WHO is behind the news.\n((( Jews.)))
Superb track,bring on the album,can't wait.Moz is God.
I saw many people post about his new song and how they didn't like it so i was kinda scared to listen to it and didn't know what to expect but I ACTUALLY LOVE THIS!!!!! WAY TO GO MOZ 🖤 can't believe i ever doubted you !!!!
My very first impression was that this was not a good song; however, it was still fairly catchy and the more I listen to it the more I like it. I like that Morrissey is branching out musically, which is why I liked World Peace is None of Your Business a lot despite faltering in the last several tracks.
Fuckin pathetic... After the rant against meat, the Manchester District School now this...\n#PunkStream
Yet you watched the news around the lead up to Brexit and believe it was a good thing, or you didn't watch and just thought it was a good idea without even looking at the facts and the situation. Sounds familiar about a lot of voters around then.
I love this. I wish the millennial generation can appreciate this
Trying to find the motivation to get up and hear that song x) Well I love it especially the lyrics but I can't stop thinking it's a sign^^'
Had a few listens now it's really good he delivers his lyrics in such a unique way
To the tune of girlfriend in a coma......im a racist has been you youngsters will have never seen my videos...so 20 years later this is how it goes.  Release a turd of a song and it wont be long before your in a coma  in your homa you will hide trying to commit suicide ...altogether niw morrisey in a coma i know its really nice..
https://plus.google.com/114904728117021114563/posts/73RdSV6J7ub\nMuscleTech Mass Tech X5\nIt is right that this supplement does not give rise to any adverse effects and the all ingredients of the formula are a confirmation of it. MuscleTech Mass Tech X5 has not any type of chemical substance and also does not have any filler and preservative either. MuscleTech Mass Tech X5 This is a proven to useful, acclaimed and certified product.https://plus.google.com/114904728117021114563/posts/73RdSV6J7ub
Another masterpiece. Tank you Moz...waiting for a live session in Italy...or near...
great lyrics as always
First impressions: so happy to hear him ditching the screechy arena guitars. Voice in lovely form, even if as some contend it's digitally juiced. The lyrics feel like a continuation of the sloganeering in World Peace. I happen to agree with the statements, but I find them artlessly expressed. He was full of poetry, once. \n\nCautiously awaiting the rest.
Moz is always the best ! Love him more than I can explain!
Bored and Need some Entertainment? \nFollow the Link  below and thank me later\n https://youtu.be/K5FvxLBc6yk
Sounds like take that..
Loving this  cant wait for the album  seems ages away
Love the axe getting higher
I'm sooo gonna sample the intro and hook
Speak the truth! Stop watching the news!
Now I have more excuses to talk to my crush about Morrissey, Thanks You Morrissey
❤ Moz.....brilliant lyrics as usual....a poet, much Love from Dublin xx
I do not like the keyboard... But Love you Morrissey... You are like wine... The older- the better... Mmmm.. <3 .. Is it Gustavo in the background???  Love from Poland  <3  I am waiting for you..........
Me to I spent the day in bed as well!
love you to the moon and back moz!
I got a ticket for the Friday concert at the Bowl.  I can hardly wait.  Acoustically, there's really no BAD seat at that venue.  I'm an old woman so pretty soon I'll have no boss.\n\n\n\nI replied to gx2music but then deleted it.  I don't want this asshole's post to be the first one people see for this video.  I'll just let him jack off to Fox & Friends on his dirty sheets in Mommy's basement.
didnt like it at first, few days later cant stop listening to it.
This isn't very good
This is lit!!!! Thank u Moz
Sounds like it came out of Kill Uncle very good,  can't wait to see  MOZ @ the Hollywood Bowl
Sounds very much like McCartney's Mr Bellamy, the verses anyway. I like it, witty as ever
bloody hell, how I missed you, Dear Morrissey. (Chile waits for you as usual)
Does anyone know where I could get tabs for this? Want to try to convert it to a guitar based song. I think it would be fun to try to make it guitar sounding. 👍🏻 Thanks
Another Masterpiece from an Absolute Legend! Follow him on Twitter:  #OfficialMoz #Morrissey 
Love you Morrissey, but you lost it.\nYou're not JOHNNY FUCKING MARR.\n😎
This guys lyrics sound like a 4 year old
As I listened to this for the first time I was genuinely sat in my bed and trying to forget about all my responsibilities for the day. Morrissey gets it.
I spent the day in bed listening to spent the day in bed
I do believe he's finally running out of original ideas! Not even sure I've really rated an album of his since that awful Maladjusted!  Such a pity but it seems like going for the money  rather than being parsimonious with his output and ensuring it is of his previous high quality!
This sounds like Jez and Superhans made it
It is awesome that he is releasing an album for my birthday:)
<3
❤️
No money
Moz
Bloomin brill ☺
Love it
Morrissey songs save my life
Brilliant song can totally relate lol
Yeah 😍
Very nice.
musically this song is shit
*No bus, no patrón, no rain, no train*
God bless Moz.
*Losers Anthem*
My main man
Fucking yes Moz, get in.
Awesome stuff! I'm hyped!
Morrissey now singing Robbie Williams songs. come armageddon come.
Wtf
Wow, crazy!
Please tour
Welcome to Jamrock
<3  brilliant
Good tune
shite
Love you Morrissey xx
Μέγας Morrissey!
*Are уоu looking fоr hоt datеs in your neighbоurhоod?*

iL_-GwbEP4g,\n *Thеу herе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=iL_-GwbEP4g_918567
niceeeeee
My new jam, absolutely!!!
Moz finally dropped acid eh 🤘👾🤘❤️😘
Morrissey regresa con las pilas cargadas y con muy mala baba. La portada es ya una provocación, pero en el nuevo disco carga contra figuras políticas, cuestionando la autoridad y disparando contra las mentes bienpensantes. Algunos de los títulos del nuevo álbum nos dejan claras sus intenciones:\nIsrael, Who Will Protect Us From the Police? y The Girl from Tel-Aviv Who Wouldn’t Kneel.\nEl ex-vocalista de The Smiths ya publicó en 2013 una autobiografía incendiaria que resultó un éxito de ventas y 2014 reveló que se había sometido hasta en cuatro ocasiones a distintos tratamientos para luchar contra el cáncer.\nEl artista británico estrena el primer single Spent the day in bed, un tema que nos recuerda al mejor Morrissey. La letra es una oda a la pereza, como antídoto contra los terribles acontecimientos de nuestro tiempo, mientras canta: StopWatching the news, because the news contrives to frighten you. El disco se pondrá a la venta el 17 de noviembre con el título “Low In High School” Es el primer material del artista en tres años, desde que en 2014 publicó su último trabajo, World Peace Is None of Your Business. Los doce temas que compondrán el disco han sido grabados en La Fabrique Studios en Saint-Rémy-de-Provence (Francia) y en Forum Studios, los estudios de Ennio Morricone en Roma. El undécimo disco de la carrera de Morrissey ha sido producido por Joe Chiccarelli, quien también ha colaborado con artistas como The Strokes, Beck y The White Stripes.\nMúsica independiente novedades.
Bueno Morrissey, yo te amo, pero qué es esta mierda?!
this is straight trash 😕😕😕
keep winding the feeble minded up morrissey. a true comment on modern society .
I'm a large long time fan of Morrissey but I really dislike this.  I like the news...I like to keep tabs on the good and the bad.   I politely suggest that you do the same.  Corrupt politicians and councillors love the disinterested.
This is awful. His political views have clearly taken priority over his music. Truly disappointing, coming from a longtime fan.
*We don't exist, we don't matter-Jim Carry*
Memes are a lot like this, therefore memes are art
This guy sort of looks like ggg
Amy schumer is that you?
wow really wood drew the faces himself??!!
Okay ....um Dont judge put im 20 years old and IVE NEVER SEEN THIS PAINTING IN FACT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I SEE IT
I live in Eldon, the museum they put next to the house is pretty nice
i live in iowa....this should be on our flag lol
A great Overrated segment would be Beethoven's Für Elise, a piece (not a song) he would have been flat-out embarrassed for anyone else to hear other than the enigmatic individual it was written for. It's not high at all on his list of musical accomplishments but it has come to define him to the masses!
I love this painting
oooooo that was a hit at bill maher lol
Well $300 in 1930 was a lot of money
Nice video. It's a shame that the narrator just disregards the Gothic style as weird and ominous. Gothic was and is a widely ubiquitous architectural style that was based on that simultaneous straight and curved structure that you can see in the window. A lot of churches use that style and that's where the term comes from.
Mandela effect they used to both be looking forward
I've never looked at that picture that long
Jobs went from agriculture to manufacturing to nowhere.
Lol I still don't understand why this painting is so iconic.. . Fail?
I see this piece everyday & it’s over rated.
i wrote an artist analysis on this so i just basically knew all of this but i’ll watch it anyway 😂
Live the Desperate Housewives like music
Perhaps its just.... a painting
I like this not the libtard side
A few days ago there was video by Vox where the guy just went on an on about white painting, where the so called modern artists painted the canvas totally white and hung it on a wall. The narrator argued that it wasn't nothing. And here they are calling a painting overrated which actually has some colour and humans and real life objects in it. I am not saying this is a great piece of art. But then again white painting isn't art either.
The mic this guy is using sounds trash
Give this theme to nerdwriter please
Are you saying Grant Wood created the first meme?
I wish I could BS dialogue for the obvious like this dude.
Amy Schumer is on it, that answers your question
Adam silver!?
I love Gothic Revival.
The OG meme
With 20 extra IQ points \nSHOTS FIRED
suicide lockheed Martin
Fake news
just chillding cedar rapids
shouts to IOWA
Whoa Iowa being mentioned, hype!
tell me why I thought that was my stomach rumbling
you should do an underrated series too
This might be irrelevant but due to inflation $300 in 1930 equate to $4,211.02 in 2017.
I love this new series by Vox :-)
Then is the Mona Lisa overrated Cuz it's basically a women smiling
So basically this painting was like the first meme, and all memes of this painting are inception memes.
How is that window ominous in the slightest?
is it weird that I'm binge watching Vox videos?
pls do audrey hepburn!! i love her so bad but shes so overrated
Do Phantom of the Opera!!!
This Guy just came out from MAD magazine.
I literally live 4 blocks away from the house!
When I was little I always thought those two people were miserable and probably mean to kids, LOL.
This painting is the most iconic part of my home state of Iowa.
The girl was the daughter not the wife, just btw
I saw this in red Robbins.
The woman in the painting is supposed to be the man's spinster daughter, not his wife.
This Overrated series rushes it's arguments, nitpicks data and presents it all as the truth, not as an opinion. An example is that they try to make us think the painting was only sold for 300 dollars (and is therefore unremarkable), whereas in 1930 that was equivalent to more than 4,100 today's dollars, so probably a pretty good payday.
You should do one on Beethoven’s 5th
I also was raised in the big city of Cedar Rapids lol but really, the Grant Wood exhibit at the museum is really interesting, if anyone ever found themselves passing through my hometown
The rocky horror picture show bring me here
Rocky Horror made this image famous.
I just got a condom ad before the video...
I'd love to see an episode on The Alchemist.
can you pls not just say  300 dollars, back then that was alot of fuking money
Grant Wood had a cool sense of humor 5:00 hahahaha
I still don't understand why it's so famous
This was actually pretty interesting
what a stupid video
$300 was a lot back then dude
Never heard of or seen this painting before
The geometry of the painting is amazing.
Small potatoes is my favourite AG parody
You know Vox is full of bullshit when they laugh at Minions.
When I was taking art history, I believe the teacher told us that the picture depicts a father and daughter & not a husband and wife. I could be wrong. I haven't found any Source material to substantiate it yet.
The title should've been Why American Gothic become iconic \nY'all dropped the ball on this one
i feel like this painting might haunt my dreams ;_;
This is the 1st time I see the painting
You know I had to do it to em
could you do edward hopper's nighthawks? its one of my favourites and as much as I love it artistically, much like with american gothic, I don't understand how it got parodied so much
loved the Maher burn. thank you for that
this is on of the few paintings that are kinda modern, but also art.\n\nwell.. if you see art as something that requires skill and talent. and that tells you something.\n\nif you like people having a nosebleed over a canvas and selling it for millions. do your thing.
Fresh off the boat anyone ?
Why is there a no-scoping sound all the time lol
1:43 looks like Vladdy Poot Poot
ПОСТЕЛЬНОЕ БЕЛЬЕ\nС УНИКАЛЬНЫМ ДИЗАЙНОМ.\nБайкеры Готика http://c.twkv.ru/hqpq
Hello from Cedar Rapids.
Grant Wood uglies up his sister, ends up painting Kristen Wiig
Just chillin in Cider Rapids
Cool story
$300 in 1930 = $4,211 today
Beginning-> What?\nEnding-> What?
http://firstcopy.online/?id=9980
DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES ♡
Isn't  that Amy Shumer?
Art itself is overrated.
*Аrе уоu lоoкing for hot dates in yоur neighbourhоod?*

Lf3ER5Ope_s,\n *Theу hеre ➤➤* http://vesensys.ru/hot/?v=Lf3ER5Ope_s_961346
damn fine storytelling.
So, this is like a pepe? A hate symbol that has been parodied over and over.
Why do the majority of Vox videos have soooo many dislikes? I've looked everywhere, online, asked here, everything I know to do. Anyway, does anyone know,  anybody at all have any idea?
It’s just a straight ripoff of the Courage the Cowardly dog thing
About two minutes in I felt the urge to punch the dude in the face, and the rest of the vid explains why!
Who else cried while watching this video? So perfect :0\nI made a Cover of it, check it out on my channel 😉
Clicked on this by accident. best accident so far
Sam smith is cashing out on Gaypride campaigns by giving reference in his songs.
Funny thing the place were the guy is stopped by the police is were I work lol
https://www.facebook.com/ViralNaThis13/videos/822220954623707/ you must watch this dont hesitate!
He looks so much more handsome and defined since he lost weight and been hitting the treadmill 😊
Love this!
This song is so beautiful, emotional and...\n\n\n\n\nPERFECT
i don't like the new sam smith..he looks like a old man...be as before we prefer
Great fucking singer but what a gay cunt \n\n\n\n\nSorry 😐
I realize how charming Sam Smith in this video
Was no need to show homosexuality
love this song so so much !!!
please for the sake !! not even 1M like!
Sam has changed a lot……………
https://youtu.be/gQDo5QuZTaw enjoy watching the currently trending#1 video from South of India.
Sam i miss you so much❣️
Dr Oz  medicine is a good remedy for HPV WARTS , I was browsing through the Internet searching for remedy on HPV WARTS cure and i saw comment of people talking about how Dr.Oz cure them from HPV WARTS, I decided to contact, I contacted him and he guided me. I asked him for solutions and he started the remedies for my health. Thank God, now everything is fine, I’m cured by Dr.Oz herbal medicine, I’m very thankful to Dr.Oz, reach him on \n\nOzremedycure@gmail.com \n\nCall him on +2348056391583
Nope just not my music. And btw why do you hate k pop??
Lyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
I am sobbing. I will never love him any less. He'll always be a part of me. Always. \nBut we really didn't stand a chance. It's sad but it's true. \n\nI'm not really good at goodbyes though. hahah :) \n\nThank You Sam. :*
Sam killed it or whoever this clone is 😂🤣
this is so perfect❤
his voice just like taehyung BTS.. love u sam 😘
I LOVE YOUUUU SAMMMMM 💖💖💖💖💖 You mean so much to me 😊
Who's here before 1 million views if u are ur in my GOLDEN GANG
Before i watch this video,it was 9million views.but now it's 10million views
Is he looks more thin?
What is this song all about?
Misheard LYRICS: \n-and every DIME you hurt me the less I cry\n-every DAB you leave me the quicker these tears dry\n-And every DAB you walk out the less I love you..\nPs;\n\n\n\nDon't get me wrong I LOVE LOVE LOVE ME some Sam Smith but don't be over sensitive, I understand the meaning behind this song, I just could help but share what I thought was a quite hilarious moment w this accent pronouncing these words lol
I'm so glad you're back!
Who is he? I mean the one who play as his boyfriend!
WTF IS THAT YOU!? YOU CHANGED😍😭💘
7k dislike? Maybe they missed the like button \n🙈
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Oh Sam Smith i'm so in love with you.
I love your voice
Shot Sam smith you own the world because of this song
I liked it before i heard it
its a gay video
mean the world if you would want to che
is he still gay??
Now this is music
When you find out England isn't​ a city...
im so happy he's finally back! his songs never disappoints me, it feels like he knows what I feel inside and write a song about my story😭
didn't know how much I missed him until I heard the first line. \nIt's good to have you back Sam Smith.
My new theme song for my awesome love life ugh! Well, Thanks Sam! So lucky to be alive with Sam Smith in the music industry
Now that's some delightful spinal chills! You're Welcome!
Not feelin this 1. The last 2-3 was dope!!!!
Yes Sam!!! Another hit song
he is so beautifull 😍
2:56 is that a Thamesmead? where misfits were shoot
Just made a cover for this and it would mean a lot if you can go check it out on my channel. :)
Why can't find the audio versión? 😭💔
Very happy that you are back with your awesome goosebumps true and from the heart music \nThank you \nZara
this was worth waiting.❤
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
V
you're back 😍😍😍😍
Trending #7 in my country, awesome!!!
Inlove with this song😍
❤️
3 days
❤️❤️❤️❤️
ohhhh
Talk about Political Correctness.
Daaammmnnnnnnn this song is amazing!!!
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
He's back 😁
Too Good At Goodbyes
Here before 20m views.
like
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lovely Song List\nhttp://bit.ly/2uP0yAj
Too Good At Goodbyes
holy voice
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes
1 day 3 million views.
anjay homo coeg
9m+ WOAAAHH~
so perfect
amazing voice!
😍
Is sam smith lgbt?
i love uou
love always hurts
andrea tabo brought me here
goodbyes people
#cantrelate
Like this
WOW!😱! 3 Days = 9,8 mi Views !!❤❤🎶
This is horrific!
❤️❤️❤️
Bad
so nice
*yasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss*
<3
*Sam Slimth*
Interesting ,me and Madie are the same age but she is already famous and Im strugeling to make my first movie.
Who else wanna watch the movie now?
Not everyone has earned their place, some have it stolen. Until peace is desired more than fighting for peace you prefer, to hell with everything.
Inspiring,awsome as always Sia your voice is going to make this an epic rememberable moment.We all depend on this movie to be awsome!! ;))
I love how Sia forever keeps feeding my life with amazing music love you Sia. Thank You.
I love her voice ♡♥
Fuck sellout of the year 😂
I would like to see other pony versions of singers/celebs
I love it sm!💕
I love you Sia
That' a girl Maddie!
I Love <3 , I want to see the movie , :3
HER FACE! IS SO BEAUTIFUL!! HER DANCE MOVES! THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL!!
I can't believe I use to be a brony fml
I'm even more excited for the movie now! I hope Discord, Luna, Sunset and Starlight are in it.
It was funny when she was rolling around in the water, i lost all seriousness in the video
This video is really the best i love it❤️❤️
what? MLP has Sia in it? That's ... dope...
your a pony?What one year ago my    little pony is my favorite show but good job the song is fantastic!
Gurl why MLP? I hear MLP from my best friend all the time...\nWhy you\nIt’s expected of him ( best friend ) though
Oh man... If the whole soundtrack is like this, I definitely want to see the movie!
This song alone has convinced me to watch this with my niece's.
Lmfao this has a shit ton of spoilers but good song
Maddie's beyond amazing!! I'm so in love with her <3
i thought CL would be the one to sing this?
Hey! Look our covers and if you like this, subscribe :3 sorry 4 the spam
IS AMAZING ...I LIKE IT
Ahhhha sia I'm so excited for her to be in the mlp movie
Lol my little pony 😂👌🏻 now I want to see it back.
I love sia, but this my little pony thing is cringe and so are Bronies
I like this music,thanks fav pony sia😉😉😉
I have the Target exclusive Songbird Serenade 😍😍😍 It was love at first sigtt2
Some see crazy where i see love
sia has one of the most unique and beautiful voice. my love for her is increasing to high
*listens one second* I love this song!
We love from Venezuela Sia
i Love This song 💖😍👑✨💕\ni Love u SIA 👑💞
Sia makes me wanna watch this movie even though I never watch pony
MY CHILDHOOD AND SIA!!!! THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
i don't know why people really like Sia's pony OC that i didn't know she liked MLP. < or not..?
Sia never fails to get me in my feels. This song feels like it was made back in a certain point in my life where things were going so well, and I'm here almost sobbing 😭
What is this language?
Good song, but I couldn’t pay attention to it because of the ponies 😂
Not a big fan of Sia but it's nice seeing her collaborate to the mlp movie
Dear Sia- in five minutes you will be very embarrassed. I apologize for your loss
Half of the words I can't even understand because she's mumbling them.
This makes me wanna become a pony wtf
I'm INFJ personal and this song make me cry so hard i don't know if it's happiness \nor sadness tears. I love you sia💜💜.
[Verse 1] \nI know you, you’re a special one \nSome see crazy where I see love \nYou fall so low but shoot so high \nBig dreamers shoot for open sky \nSo much life in those open eyes \nSo much depth, you look for the light \nBut when your wounds open, you will cry \nYou’ll cry out now and you’ll question why \n\n[Chorus] \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as they fall on down \nI can see your soul grow \nThrough the pain as they hit the ground \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as the sun comes out \nAs the sun comes out \n\n[Verse 2] \nI am here and I see your pain \nThrough the storms, through the clouds, the rain \nI’m telling you you cannot escape \nYou can do it, just feel baby \n\n[Chorus] \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as they fall on down \nI can see your soul grow \nThrough the pain as they hit the ground \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as the sun comes out \nAs the sun comes out \n\n\n[Bridge] \nHere comes the sun \nSmiling down \nHere comes the sun \nSmiling down \nHere comes the sun \nSmiling down \nSmiling down \n\n[Chorus] \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as they fall on down \nI can see your soul grow \nThrough the pain as they hit the ground \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as the sun comes out \nAs the sun comes out \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as they fall on down \nI can see your soul grow \nThrough the pain as they hit the ground \nI can see a rainbow \nIn your tears as the sun comes out \nAs the sun comes out
I think SIA is one of d most amazing singer song writer in d world. Her voice is compatible to all kinds of genres.
Uploaded my first ever reaction to THIS SONG AND VIDEO!! WOO! I hope all of you or let's be realistic at least some of you will come check it out! :) much love from a silly guy in Central California xo
What a beautiful song. Sia is so crazy talented - her voice is sheer perfection.
Just helps in forgetting all the tension and stress! !!! Awsome song...soul touching.
Sia is a beautiful pony!! She is my favourite
This was exactly what I needed to see rn, love the way she dances combined with that soulful song... AMAZING 👏❤
I love the animation on the pony's it feels so REAL!
Fantastic... this is so good I hope this has a billion views eventually and I'm definitely seeing the movie in theatres
I love Sia, in every song, she transmit us a a feeling, she make us feel (at least I feel that) better with every song. I think you already realise that she has a song for every feeling, she is perfect
Perffect Cover,I'love Sia. ❤️❤️❤️
awesome👍
😻😻😻😻😻
loved seeing maddie dancing again
❤❤
sia+my little pony=omg wtf
my favvv songg
oh that accent ,  man 👌
what the actual
Love from arab ❤
Cool
Soso Excited!!!!!
si good
Oooo\nSia is a pegasus! Nice.
Very good song
great
Maddie Ziegler's worst performance
bruh
1. JOJO SIWA\n2. MACKENZIE ZIEGLER\n3. KENDALL K.\n4. KALANI\n5. MADDIE ZIEGLER
Waoow😍😍 perfect
the bronies are SHOOK
Omg omg!!!! <3 mlp yeeeea
Best artist forever 💜
cadê os BR !!!
My fav song
I love sia😘
Love Sia from Brazil ❤
Love you maddie ❤️
30 likes for my birthday
Perfect
😉😘😘
Love from Indonesia 😘
Amazing song!
I love songbird serenade and sia  MLP and rainbow 4ever
What?!
♥sia and ♥little pony
Please,thank you
MLLLLP
I love sia pony
Well sia later sia.
Who thought that a song would make me curious to see a movie that I don't like
Ong I can't wait for the movie to come out Shia is my fav pony too
The Lionesses top their group after matchday 1.
Is it me or do the English lady's play better than the men. Well done girls
So sorry to see Mark Sampson leave England Women's Team - THANK YOU for some amazing results and progress in Women's Football. My wife and I have REALLY enjoyed supporting and following the England Lionesses and their tremendous progress.
Amazing Fran Kirby
Too easy.
*BLYAT*
Then they go and sack the manager, what the hell..
Why is this trending?
02:00 best of the lot.\n#Bronze
Great performance by the girls. Cracking start to the campaign. Well done everybody involved.
Toni Duggan is such a great player
Everything about that first celebration is just wrong... They show unity but what about Eni Alike uhh ? Unity in keeping the starting spots.
Good girls
What a player frank kirby is... amazing... she deserved the player.of the match award
I just like watching women run after a ball
This is meant to be enterta.. I just woke up.
I'm sure eni aluko will still find something to complain about
Brits might won this football battle but Russians will always win the beauty war
Mark Sampson is such a great manager.\n\n\nOh wait...
who even watches this?
Then hours later he was sacked
I support Tranmere
Tranmere rovers!!!!!
*Arе уоu lоокing for hot dаtes in уour neighbоurhоod?*

JLgUdZ5_CDg,\n *Thеу hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=JLgUdZ5_CDg_961313
Just need Benny Hill theme tune over this
these are the type of results a good manager with longevity gets you
3 out of 6 of the goals in this game are CALAMITOUS. Hilarious to watch...please dont pretend it's at a decent level. The fifth and sixth goals are simply LMFAO
Pity it’s the women
Check out www.makeplates.co.uk for car show/legal plates :)
how is this on trending with 11k views? just more evidence towards you just pay to get up there.
Like to see a game with the usa team.
Ladies love to play with balls more than men 😂😂
Great Lioness and beating Russia is great.
*scores 6th goal* \nCommentator: And that will seal up the game\nI think it was sealed at 3-0
I'd care if it wasn't women's football tbh
i mean its all nice but imagine Bailly and Rojo charging at them. The whole team would have to be stretchered off
Manager Sacked.
Now Sampson is set to leave as manager haha
Hi everyone can you subscribe to my channel please watch my little boy doing football training thank you
0:10 Goal! Let's do one thing to secure our career, nothing is more important than our career *Everyone celebrated with sampson\n0:29 Sampson: that will do it, players support me, the world will think i'm innocent
Good job, Mini Messi! Fantastic assists tonight.
Man Toni Duggan is a babe and good player too 😍☺️
Can't believe the fa sacked mark Sampson all because he dropped 1 player who didn't like it he was cleared twice of any wrong doing from 2 different investigations no other players are saying he did it England just got rid of the second most successful England  manager so good job
Women football shout be banned
First
Russia lost credibility all over the world after that doping scandal. It would have been better to lose honourably than to win and lose honour.
stop playing football
School girl level of skill
No such thing as England lioness bunch of Dykes
Reported for violent content
Preston park tranmere rover ground was empty and it was shocking game and under 12 boy team would wipe floor with russia and england team is crap defence with goalkeeper was comedy show.
Why is this trending with only 7k views,
The women are better than men 👍
Wow, finally Duggan scores and she's labelled a good player.She's an Heskey. She chokes a lot.Good game.
kirby should have gotten man of the match for that amazing performance. but they all played brilliantly so understandable that the commentators had a hard time choosing
Women football is rubbish and can put on level professional men's. Because men's game a lot hard and wrong than woman football.
Do It fOr ThE sOvIeT uNiOn\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMission Failed better luck next time
1:33 what a miss!
Why is this on trending. O I know libtube.
I feel your sharp angel voice, present as always. \nI don't really know if someday of the rest of my life it will change. But that is wonderful.
I love this guy! someday we may meet.  R.I.P.
linkin park you went shit in last album but you dont deserve hate , you made our childhood , even if linkin park is no more your songs will never be dead , they will be playing for 1000 years
I´m a teacher from Spain. When I knew about the loss, I heard this song. I cried. My sudents too. This song will be in my heart forever. Just 'cause you can't see it, doesn't mean it, isn't there....
You will always be missed!! Sleep well Chester benington!! RIP
I still can't believe your gone. I'm alive because of you. and I wont ever forget that.
No one can take place of chester \n\n\n\n\nwe miss you very very much may you rest in peace
Made me teary . He pour out his heart through music . we heard , but we didn't listen . R.I.P
Pray for you...Pray for Chester...I love you...❤💔😢
What a beautiful song❤❤😭😭
May he RIP i still can't believe .. 😔💔
Miss you Chester, thank you for being a big part of all of our lives  💗🕊 Rest in Heaven. Your star will forever burn bright. This is a beautiful tribute video.
Chester...thank you for making my childhood awesome. RIP Legend
He must have gone for his another journey, and begin his new life for a singer\nI guarantee he is some were on this earth\nGoing to begin his another life\n😢😢R. I. P. Chester bennington 💔💔
You always touch my heart  ❤❤❤
He was a part of my childhood. Rest In Peace Chester :(
#wemisschester\n\ni remember my first meet chester when they concert at Malaysia.
Who cares if one more light goes out in a sky of a million stars... Forever with you, Chester.
Chester, you were and you are already the man .. Love you
One more legend is gone.. this is beautiful though <3
Those videos of Chester from the early 2000's hit me super hard.Those were my childhood years. That was the time period that I discovered Linkin Park. I went through many shit situations growing up. From being bullied at school to even being abused in my own home. Following up to my teen years, I dealt with self hatred/harm and thoughts of suicide. However, Linkin Park has always been a gateway for me to let go of my angst and aggression with albums like Hybrid Theory and Meteora, up to relaxation with albums like Minutes To Midnight and A Thousand Suns. Their studio diaries, documentaries, and moment compilations never failed to entertain me. They were my shit growing up. Mike and Chester's messages speak to me on so many personal levels, and sometimes I feel horrible for being so caught up on relating their messages to my own problems, without being aware that one of my heroes wasn't doing too well himself either. I even remember wanting to be just like Linkin Park when I started getting into being in bands at the age of 11 and always trying to mimic their style(I was only a kid and had very little knowledge about music). I really looked up to these guys and till this day I still do. Maybe not to mimic their sound like I attempted then, but now that I'm 20 years old, these guys are still the main reason I'm doing what I love till this day. They definitely have some influence in what I write. Knowing that Chester is gone is still heart wrenching to me. Nobody deserves to go away like that. It's very unfortunate how our demons find ways to break us.\n\nMuch love to Chester, his family, as well as Mike, Brad, Joe, Dave and Rob. I love you all and keep up the great work. I'm sure Chester would be proud of you all for staying strong.
Cannot stand watching the whole video
Rest in piece legend  we miss you Chester😢❤
i miss u like hell Chester\nu will be in my heart forever
I feel like saying RIP isn't enough...good bye old pal
I want to start something else instead of the normal, rest in peace...\n\nI want to start a rest in love instead.. Because this guy gave all of us his bandmates, his family, everyone who listens to his song love.. He gave us the love to survive, the love to pass on for another day.... But now its time that we all give him love, we survive because if this guy, we got connected with him and accepted that love... He truly gave us all love and now we are giving the love to him back...\n\nRest in Love Chester... R.I.L.
OMG.. I'm crying when I'm Playing this song T_T
without chester we can't live like we used to before. we're gona miss you😢😭
Rest in Peace to the man who gave a voice to angst, depression, anger , disappointed, love and failure.  It feels like a certain part of my childhood died with him . \n\nI can't listen to this song without crying. Much love and power to his family and brothers. 💔
forever in my heart..I love you..RIP Chester
I didn't mean to cry before bed, but I guess i am tonight
I was so sad when I found out that he diedR.I.P Chester✌ 🤘
RIP Chester, yo was the best. Linkin Park for ever in my ❤🙌👌
I'm crying, this is beautiful. Rest in peace Chester, we will never forget you.
You guys made my childhood better!\nLinkin Park Forever ❤
Dam my heart right now is just broken and I know many others feel the same way but god every time I listen to this song it just gives me chills and makes me cry to see another legend pass away into the consuming darkness of depression. Chester was the most inspirational musician I have ever listened to and to see him sadly take his own life hurts me and I know again I'm not the only one but god I remember when me and my bros did a talent show for him when hybrid theory came out it was great. And the worst part I never gtg to any of his concerts and that just hurts me the most because I was planning on going but after I heard the news I just broke down. Chester where ever you are and if you some how see this I hope you rest easy friend and we all thank you for your talented beautiful voice. May you rock in paradise bro 🤘. Oh and btw for all of you negative assholes who want to talk shit fuck off it ain't cute or funny.
That scream... Although muffled I heard it loud and clear!!!😭😭😭
RIP Chester 😭😭 sleep well, we all miss you 😘
Never really listened to this song. It's amazing. R.I.P chester
We made a tribute. I will not leave the link because it will be like spam. Who cares about the song called Quman feat. Dimitris Papasinos - Legend (lyric video) We love you Chester!
Listened to linkin as a kid got me through two funerals and depression thank you and may you rest in peace
We love you Chester
I cry everytime that I watch this.... Chester you are everything for me. I keep you in my heart.
This isn't just for Chester but for anyone who is going through something in their life. Please don't give up ! you are meant to do great things ! just take that extra step and never look back. just remember their are people around you that love you ! myself and GOD.
I didn't know God existed until he took away Chester... Rest in Peace, We Love You <3
Yes. You can help me not to hurt anymore But\nYou're not here anymore...
To the haters please save it for a different video this is our video to pay our respects to Chester. Anyways you will always be in my heart Chester ❤
Your songs saved my life so many times, I'm greatfull to the whole band and I hope, you guys stay connected to each other. \nI miss you. \nRest in peace, Chester. ❤
People, we've been loving Linkin Park since maybe teenage, but can you please don't say that the 5k people don't like Linkin Park have no soul or sth? There's nothing wrong that they don't like what they don't like, people are different. We love Linkin Park as we always do, that's all that matters, isn't it?
*Are there anymore LINKIN PARK fans out there?👍* R.I.P. CHESTER
That flashback starting at 3:19 always gets to me no matter how many times I watch it.
The broken are the more evolved -Split
I can't listen to this song without crying. The lyrics are just too deep.\nMiss you Chester, you were my hero...
I have a question : if Chester was still alive, would these people who didn't like linkin park to do cool type of music no heavy guitar drum, in short who didn't like the pop shit, would they still press the like button???!!!!! would you people still appreciate this masterpiece???\n#rip_chester
Why did a happy joyful person that has never done anything bad to anybody but has just helped people have to go out it's not far
so beautiful. it's not fair
Linkin Park isn't the same without Chester anymore! :(
my pain and depression killer from childhood was you chester.....we all miss u .....:'(
;( I'm to sad . Rest is peace Chester
That truly is a masterpiece😭 rip Chester you will never be forgotten 💘💘
I not the emotional type, but I cried like a baby watching this... I never got to see LP live and now it's too late. I don't have many regrets but not seeing him live is one of them
I couldn't stop crying..all the clips shown i was at or watched all of them at one point or another. Lp meteora concert in 2004 Vancouver bc...my first concert and to this date the most memorable of my teen years. Chester was my motivation to become a singer,my first song i learned to play on guitar was crawling from reanimation..followed by numb in 2004. Rest in peace chester and for everyone at lp im sorry for your loss. \nJordan.
Im starting to think that Youtube has a system or something for disliking every single video on youtube. I mean, how can 5000 people dislike this?
Im just crying... Chester! You will be in our hearts forever...with love from Russia.
This is really hard to watch 😔
I . Love . You  Soo Linkin Park  Welcoome To Thailand 2010-2011\nR.I.P 2017 😢😢😢
I cried
Man. This fucked me up.
:/
...<3 no words needed ...
Love you...
so sad
Rip chester
Your fans miss you alot chester bennington
no coments :(
I sad ((((
😢
R.I.P
Goodbye Chester
Hey! Who's slicing onions? 😭
RIP! Love you Chester!
We're connected... Everyone.
U r light chester🙏🙏
Chester Bennington...1976-~1/‰
😢😢😢
good bye chazy
3:'(
Awesome video!!! Still crying everyday!!! Much respects!!!
:'(
❤😣
:(
Memories; they’re beautiful! ❤️
R.I.P. my man
Chester Bennington
😭
💜💙❤R. I. P. ♥💚💛\nI'LL NEVER FORGET YOU 💋
my favorite band\nrip chester
5K that disliked are idiots.
RIP 😭😭😭
7 millionth view <3
Emilia - they might stop being strict if i tell them i'm sick' aha omg cute
Loved seeing Anna and Alessia moment on the bed. It was heart warming to see how Anna looked at her :)
The part in the video where Anna is massaging Alessia was so sweet. I hope you feel better soon Emelia!
It would be pure bliss if we would meet you at Disney 😊 a mum can dream
Jonathan edits these vlogs. He didn't have to put in the part with Anna but he did. And I could watch that part at 11:30 over and over. There's so much love in Anna's eyes. She truly is a beautiful mother and Jonathan clearly loves her for how hard she works at it.
Eduardo is so adorable. In his Disney dress!
Oh well at least you don't have a cousin in hospital....
Hahaha thats what I say all the time.....that'll do pig....from the movie Babe :)))) 13:51
Ohhhhh Anna rubbing down Alessia was so precious like in a movie or something!!!..I love that song who sings that song?????
SUCHHHHHH A CUTE FAMILY!! 😭🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹
Emilia has.......... 🗯 dun... dun.. dun!! The sniffles 😪🤧...😱... 🤣
Baked beans mash and sausages 😂❤️
Anna and Alessia scene after bathtime so touching. And sorry Jonathon but mashed potato without a hunk of butter on top is a crime in my opinion. 😀
Love you guys! But please move Alessia to a bigger bassinet or a proper crib. The one that she is currently using is much too confined and she can suffocate. Only looking out for her! xoxo
Alessia looks like she is getting to big for her crib x
I cant come to the any of the book tour (uk) but i have to go to my cousins wedding i wish i could meet you tho i have been watching for nearly 2 years 💛
Lovely hearing Tom Rosenthal music in videos!
That shit of Anna and Alessia was so beautiful!!
I'm coming to see you xxxx
i never knew i needed jonathan singing little mix until now
Where’s the emotional part
That clip of Anna and Alessia was  so cute💕💕💕
eduardo and emilia rock a dress better than i ever will <3 such beautiful kids (obviously alessia is beautiful aswell)
Pleaseeee do a US tour!!!! I’ve been watching you for over 5 years so it would be a dream come true to finally meet you guys!💕
Gosh I can't get over how adorable Alessia is, you two make beautiful babies :)
And I thought the now tv ad was gone
Are you guys doing Hello World?
I don't like peas or beans
The kids are all so cute. ❤
After Emilia and Eduardo I didn't think they can make a more beautiful child and then came Alessia..
What WHSmith is it for Glasgow like can you give the street because I have a ticket and I'm not too sure where it is
This must be old footage because the part when Jonathan notices Anna switched his wine for a dogs toy in the fridge was on her Snap awhile back.
After working in multiple nurseries and schools I found myself singing along with Eduardo to the wind the bobbin up song 🙈🙋🏼💙 x
Come to New Zealand
Your jumper/sweatshirt in the beginning is too small Joffey!!
I want to come to the Bluewater tour however my mum is going to go to Manchester 😕❤️
Please come to Singapore!!!❤❤❤
Emilia and Eduardo grew up so quickly😭❤️😭
Emilia reading was so precious. She's so grown up now! I remember watching in the older vlogs, her tripping on the Peppa boots when she was trying to walk. Too cute!
aww i'm so happy they played Tom Rosenthal in the video one of my favourite singers!
I also have the malaria/scabies aka a cold 🤧 🤧🤧
I like cheese greated on my mash and sometimes be cheeky and have tuna and salad cream in there to that's the best in a jacket potato x
wow you guys have really let the dogs faces go. last year I mentioned a way to keep them from staining. but I guess you didn't see it.  the poor pups look a little unkept that way. they're spoiled lol pooches .... its just you needed to prevent it from getting this bad. 😞\nmaybe shave off a little of the dirty faces..lol. love you guys..
I came across your videos by total accident a few days ago and now I'm addicted. Your family is adorable and the love you all share is so sweet. Your family makes me so excited to start my own family and become a mum just like Anna. You just put a smile on my face. Such a beautiful kind loving family <3  xx Thank you xx
Hi (sorry for bad English)
Definitely Anna's dinner with the peas and sauce but I do like beans with baked potatoes :)
Anna 's old long hair is back
I liked the style of this vlog. Kinda reminded me of some sort of realty TV or family show😍 really cool
I ordered Cloudy Bay with my dinner at a restaurant because of you!
I'd prefer your dinner with the beans Jonathan :)
Is that a birth mark on the baby and is it going to be there for life?\nSorry, I'm sure this is asked a million times but I haven't watched in a couple months.
I love the fact that  Anna is such a loving mama to her babies!!! Love ya Anna...
OMG! I will show this video to my 1yearold, so she can see how other children cleaning teeth. :)
This is what we call... scary music. THE SNIFFLES DUN DUN DUNNNNN
They probably had to cut the intro cause Eduardo started picking his nose 😂❤️
Hi Guys , I can't help but notice Alessia, is in need a cot/crib not much room for her in her bassinet/Moses basket. Even if you just Put here In a portable cot for the know , until you move To your new home ..I feel she needs more space are air in here sleeping environment. \nSorry are not having a disrespectful dig at you, just a friendly surgestion . \nI come from nursing back round,  a mother, being a care bear,looking out for you and your family as always 💜😘❤️
Stop putting your kids life in your videos and make good content
What as Anna saying at 4:13please?
It’s amazing, I honestly remember like it’s was yesterday when Eduardo couldn’t walk really good and Emília couldn’t talk so much and now they are so big and cute and smart ♥️♥️
I would choose the mash with pepper on top, vegetarian sausages and beans :):) :):)
I am a Junior in high school now , which means I will finish school next year and it's crazy how fast time has passed, watching Emilia and Eduardo always makes me miss being that age
Cant wait to meet you both in glasgow
I really want to be like Anna when I'm a mother, she's actually so amazing and is doing such a great job !!
Alessia developing a lollipop addiction 😂 If It worked that  way ,that would  certainly explain my coffee addiction !😂🍭☕️
I love Jonathon's facial expressions and the way he talk into the camera as well.  It reminds me of Ricky Gervais in 'The Office'!  He is so funny! 💕
What song is playing on the morning run?
Got so emotional watching all the old clips of Emilia at the meet and greets <3 seriously feels like I've watched her and Eduardo (and now Alessia) grow up. Glad you guys are making progress in your recovery <3 RIP Squiddyyyyy <3 <3 <3
When Eduardo sang Good morning again, .... I started crying. So sweet to see him carrying on the tradition ❤️❤️
You don’t realize how much Emilia and Eduardo have grown up until Jonathan posts old videos 😭😭😭😭😭😭
I have to agree with Reception being quite Strict. I understand they’re at school but they’ve literally just started and they’ll still be in nursery mode until they’ve settled in properly.
Little Alessia is such a smiley,happy baby! She seems to be such a good little girl!
I would say Alessia  is getting a bit big for the Moses basket ! They grow so fast :( my daughter only managed four months in there lol
u guys r awesome happy ppl and thats the kind of ppl we all wanna meet xx shud come to australia xx
ANNA You're so stunning!!! You're one hot mama!!! <3
It's so sweet watching Anna with the kiddos 💖 My first baby is due in 20 days so it makes me even more excited for future special moments like that.  P.s. The buttery the potatoes the better,  but cheesy mashed potatoes are the ultimate potatoes!
Oml I've been absent from YouTube for so long and I can't believe how much Emilia and Eduardo have grown!
this episode is so true and stripped back, i respect them so much for showing life in all aspects!
The sniffles 😂
Ooooh  their dinner makes me v hungry! 😋
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3F-STRSMEo
Those flashbacks omg 😭😭 time flies
You guys go for eating vegetarian sausages
*Are уоu lооking for hоt dаtеs in уour nеighbourhоod?*

L9x9V1y_8YQ,\n *Theу hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=L9x9V1y_8YQ_999748
definitely prefer Annas dinner
cloudy bay takes the pain away hahahaha
👏👏👏🙋🙋🙋❤❤❤❤
Love you guys❤️💗
Aww
Hi guys Alessia Emilia erdo
I love beans more
Come to Pennsylvania
omg baby emilia ❤❤
Eduardos relationship with Alessia is the cutest!!! 😍😍😍
OMGGG ALLESIAS LITTLE TEEFIES ARE POKING OUT
still putting Alessia in that basket face down
Emilia sounds like an Englander! Why did they leave Ireland??
Heeeeey guys I'm a huge fan I watch your guys blogs everyday all the kids are adorable I wish I could come to the book tour but I can't because I live all the way over in New Zealand xxx
Eduardo is going to be amazing with babies and little kids when he grows up. I really can’t wait to see him with kids of his own.
Edwardo is the baby whisperer
Underwater? Outer space? Why not both!? Stargate Atlantis <3
deep water more pressure, space vacuum & radiation so we need suitable suites and environment. simple instead of long boring video :P
The Bends is a great album.
Given money and resource isn't an issue, couldn't we solve all those issues with tidal generators (powering machines that normalise pressure), giant sunlight simulating LED's, aquaphobic coatings and genetically modified plants to create extra oxygen for a set populous?
Would our bodies be able to adapt to all those not so friendly conditions throughout generations though? Evolution has shown that adaptations to crazy things are possible.
This whole thing was very narrow minded and short sighted.\n\nIf we had the technology to build under water biospheres, pressure wouldn't be an issue. The structural integrity of the system would be high enough to not need to highly pressurize the air inside to combat the external pressure. Boom. Air pressure problem solved.\n\nWe have the means to generate artificial sunlight that can grow plants and stimulate vitamin d production.\nBoom your vitamin D problem solved. Plant growth problem solved.\n\nRegular plumbing. Boom. Urine / waste issue solved.\n\nHumidity. Really? Ever hear of dehumidifiers? Problem solved.\n\nLiterally every problem you mentioned has already been solved. We do have the technology and means to build such a structure. It would be massive and immensely thick to hold back the water pressure but we *COULD* do it.\n\nCO2 scrubbing and water reclamation. The list goes on.\n\nWhat a short sighted video.
I've got a question, why is salt and pepper singled out as the 2 condiments that you would want most with food?
You can have your underwater envionment at normal atmospheric pressure as long as your habitat is built strongly enough. The humidity thing is BS, it can be as dry as you want.
I think all my friends have got the Bends
Why can't you have a double wall structure with pressurized walls and have regular pressure for the people inside?
We are not fish.
Don't be stupid, comeback to reality.
Where have I seen him?😅
yea people, living underwater isnt a good idea, i choose space
In reference to the flashes of light that astronauts see when they close their eyes from radiation effects, it can also be caused by Cherenkov radiation. Ground based experiments have not narrowed the exact cause yet, so both direct nerve optic nerve interaction and Cherekov radiation are the suspected causes.
What about using virtual reality to 'fool' the brain to not feel like you are in a small enclosed space ?
Book recommendation for everyone who enjoyed this video: Seveneves.
Martini effect= Sex on the Beach affect to those of us left behind in Thatchers Britain!
Serious question:  When a person eats sweets, if one's pancreas does not produce enough insulin on its own, one becomes diabetic.  When one uses artificial sweeteners, does one have the possibility of becoming a patient of artificial Diabetes?  Given the sweetness of these artificial sweeteners, would it not fool the pancreas and other bodily functions to cause such a situation?
I still dont really get the preassure thing tbh :(\nWhy would preassure be a thing i would have to handle with if im in a building underwater?\nYou even mentioned how submariens dont deal with the preassure.
SeaQuest DSV <3
8/10 NEEDS MOAR WATER!!!
9:35 that face lol
Actually mentioned Bioshock, kewl
On the oil rig Byford Dolphin there was an incident where 4 divers died from explosive decompression, their body's exploded and chunks were thrown up to 30m's away, and now I know exactly how, cheers Greg!
If someone had the infinite amount of funds, what would a city on the ocean require? How many people can one city handle? What would be the minimum and maximum amount of the population in that city?
No gods or kings, only man.
He's so hot.
First
Shiit 2nd :D
The grandpa clip.I've been crying for good 15 minutes now.Hit me right in the heart
Always love seeing new videos from you, makes me feel so creative 💛
Your videos are SOO NICE! Well done!
Your sister looks beautiful with her new haircut ❤️
i love watching your videos before bed ! they really help you wind down and your dorm and the places you go are so cute !
Your grandpa is so cute, I hope he gets better! ❤️❤️❤️
What’s a uni?
Its so nice you were able to settle in again! <3 Im praying for your grandfather, he looks like such a sweet being :(. much love !! <33
my cat passed away recently and looks a lot like pumpkin! he's so cute and i was very happy seeing him in this video.\n\n\nAnd you and your sister's hair is so cute!!
you're so such a baby, you inspire me on every single vlog. I hope you get all the sucess that you deserve
I love your vlogs so much, they make wanna be productive and do stuff💞💗
Can you vlog again your cat
Your sister's hair looks amazing😻
I'll do my homework....right after this video
Welcome back to Providence, come by Hometown Poké sometime!
what camera do you shoot on ?
I wish your grandfather all the best, and hope he has a speedy recovery.
The same thing happened to my grandma recently 😪 praying for your family x
Girl the fact that you're trending now I love u I want u to myself
i told myself i wouldn't cry at the scene of your grandpa at the hospital, but when he started waving and saying goodbye, i burst into tears. i recently moved to another state, away from my grandparents and i miss them oh, so dearly. not having them across town anymore has been so hard on me, but i know they'll be okay. i loved this vlog and i love you, annabelle!
I hope your grandfather gets well soon, you have my prayers...
this is so so so enjoyable i love your vlogs and your sister's new haircut looks amazing
Your videos are so pleasing and calming to watch, thank-you for that! I'm excited that you're back at RISD because I'm from Providence and love seeing the familiar sights! I actually used to work at the Seekonk 99 Restaurant for six years before quitting to do YouTube full time :) Sending love to you and your family <3
爷爷 aaaaaaa. bless him. bless him so much.
FINALLY OMG
你是南方人吗？？
your granddad seems really sweet x i hope the best for him and your family!! and have a wonderful time at uni!
I live in ri 😛
Her new hair cut is so cool
I clicked so fast omg. I love your vlogs and you and your sister. Ahhh
cried during my lunch break after seeing that section with your grandpa. praying for him!
Dude your videos are soo good! Im literally binge watching, thank god you showed up on trending, your videos are truly moving art!
i was so sad about your grandpa home he gets well sooner than later
your grandpa is lucky to have such a wonderful family, i wish him all the best :)
the love was radiating from the screen during your visit to your grandfather and you got me really emotional. family is so sacred <£
I really appreciate your vlogs! I was feeling mellow on Sunday morning and a binge-watch of all your videos I had missed put me in such a lovely mood so thank you <3 I'm so happy for you that you get to share a dorm with your sister and it's made me even more excited to see your videos. I hope your cute little grandpa feels better xxx
wish you the best girly!!
Anabelle baby! You made me cry and I just did my makeup for my first day in uni. Hope everything goes well with grandpa. Much love 💗💗
Loving you sister's hair!! Also, that doggie is soooo cute! All the best for you girls on this new adventure! :)
I've never been close to my grandfather because he was an abusive husband but I still see him from time to time, cherish your grandfather and I hope he gets better❤️
Love your selection of music :)
God bless your grandfather, seems like such a sweetheart. Wanting you to succeed, that's true love.
Your videos give me some type of unusual warmth.
Seeing your grandpa in hospital was so heartbreaking for me I hope things will get better for you and your family...
Omg she moved? 😱 since when and why? 😱 I just had a marathon on watching her old vlogs just few days ago 😂
I cried a little on the shot of you and your grandpa's hands 😪 so beautiful. I hope he gets well soon!
haha omg when I saw that you were flying to pvd I was like 😱😱😱 I go to school there too! I'm at brown university 😋
I started crying when I saw your granny, because it remembered me of my grandfather who died 3 months ago. Also he wanted us to succeed ❤️
the clips with your grandfather are so beautiful, sending all my love to you and your family & hope he gets well soon
Just discovered your channel and I'm so glad I did. They're so real and your outlook on life is comforting and inspiring, makes me feel not so alone. Best wishes to your family ❤️
You're so lucky to have your vlogs with your grandpa...you'll treasure those. I still have voicemails from my pa-pa and they're invaluable. Grandpas are the best, aren't they??
this is #44 on trending !!
I actually started crying after you said goodbye to your grandfather ❤
You're grandpa is so sweet and loving. Thank you for sharing such a precious moment. ~
Praying for your grandfather. He reminded me of mine and I kinda teared up. ♥️
Ahahah when your kitty was meowing my cat paced back and forth of the house trying to find where it was coming from
How poor your grandma is ! Get the embrace just for cinema.
It's sad seeing that your grandfather isn't doing well. \nI'm praying for him and your family. X
haha did anyone else see the dean mug??
These vlogs are so cute and they feel so artistic and each one is really original! There's always beautiful music and scenery that you put in. Love them
you're worth being on trend💛 LOVE YOU SO MUCH
I almost cried on the grandpa part ... :(
Everything about your vlogs are just so so lovely <3 (also your sister's haircut reeaally reminds me of Haru at the end of The Cat Returns)
Seeing the interactions between you and your grandfather, really made me miss my grandma so much more. Just lost her last month due to cancer, and still really miss her so much, but am glad she's happy up there now ☺️ Thankyou for this wonderful clip.
2:24 i'm actually sobbing right now
oh jesus this video made me so emotional, your editing style is everything. i hope your grandpa is doing better :)
annabelle : i cant write long description\nalso annabelle : *write super long description and listing down all the things she wear in vlog*
OMG BLACK BEAR DINER I THINK  I SAW U
Thank you for sharing a clip of your grandpa with us <3
This is my very first video I've seen of yours and I already knew that I liked you but then you started mentioning your grandfather and I just have to say, I've been in the exact same position, except unfortunately when I went to visit him in hospital he didn't remember me unlike yours did. I really enjoyed this video, it was rather refreshing to watch and I am in love with your editing style! Can't wait to go on a binge watch on all your videos! Hope your grandfather gets better soon <3
when you were talking to your grandpa with your family i started tearing up man
Aww, I really love your uni vlogs. They make me feel more excited and motivated for school!
woahh aside from the fact that this video was filmed freakin amazingly, im still shook over how i've never thought to place the dorm beds upside down!!
The part where you and your grandpa were together made me start crying because it reminded me of my grandpa and how he's been sick lately. Hope your grandpa will get better soon and come back to stay with your family! Love your vlogs btw and have a gr8 school year
#45 on TRENDING?! GIRL!!! Get it!
Wow you got real lucky with your room
I get so excited every time you post a new video! Thank you for sharing 🌷💕
I go to Providence college. Maybe I'll see you around!
Anyone wants to be YouTube friends? Sub for a sub 💚💙💛❤
Trending wow!❤️
Your grandpa ❤️💔❤️
U r super cute and beautiful and inspiring ❤️
OMG UR TRENDING
Your sister looks like 周冬雨，the Chinese actress☀️
The thumbnail . Same 😅
Editing goals❤️!
omg you're on trending !
u & ur sister r so cute & homely tgt aa 💞
44th on trending omg
hope your grandfather is okay
ok that supernatural mug tho
aweeee i hope ur grandpa will be okay 💖
Awww I hope he feels better :( <3
YAYAYAYAYAYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAUAYYAAYA
i hope your grandfather gets better soon!! 公公加油哦💪
TRENDING
αωωωω υя gяαиρα ιѕ ѕσ ¢υтє ι ¢яιє∂ ωнєи ι ѕαω нιм вє¢αυѕє. му gяαиρα яє¢єитℓу нα∂ ραѕѕє∂ αωαу 😭😰 ѕσ нσρєfυℓℓу υя gяαиρα ωιℓℓ вє σкαу αи∂ gσ∂ ωιℓℓ ρяσтє¢т нιм
超爱你的vlog 希望爷爷快点好起来哦！
Hope your grandpa gets well soon ❤️
I love her videos it's so relaxing
how smart you are made this video,i love that...
Well this is better than those baiting out sket videos
IM LIVING FOR THIS SONG AND VIDEO
wait guys ..! Liam wear a jacket there is a ' fear of God ' on the back of it like zayn's shirt in still got time !
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS THEY LOOK LIKE BROTHERS?!?!?! 😍❤️️ \nAnd this idea of a street video is so creative! Love it 😆👍🏻
same place, and there's a hijabi girl too 😭💜💜💜💜🙊 I'm in love actually 😭🖤🖤🖤🖤🍃
Ohhh i love this song 3:23 zayn what do doing here  😹
Have u noticed Liam's T-shirt FEAR OF GOD....same as of ZAYN in still got time
you two look like twins 😍
Was never a fan of One Direction...but Liam in this song was awesome! Never knew he had that voice in him...haha. Always a fan of Zedd though. Love all his work so far! Oh this video was fun to watch...period!
Why did I mistake Zedd as Pewdipie in the Youtube rewind 2015 when he said Should we do it? I mean they don't sound like each other and Zoella said that to Pewdipie -_-
So proud and grateful of you, boys.
Strip that down and get low
Stop commenting about Ziam. This is about Zedd and Liam.
damn Too Much To Ask video reminds me of Gotta Be You and Get Low video reminds me of One Thing😂😂
Oml one of the fans had a sugg life phone case I'm ded
LOVE YOU ZEDD'S SONGS
that's a cute music video 😊
Why is Everyone so obsessed with SEX???
cided to go to London and surprise fans with a street performance of
Jesus i thought get low was give at first
I really like this video !!!
perform “Get Low” in the streets of London.
This video makes me so happy...❤️❤️❤️
Anyone noticed Fear of God?
Liam seems so old now but he's still hot :v 🔥
Who else got “One thing” vibes? Hit like
The Jacket of Liam has a sign FEAR OF GOD. Same with what zayn wear on STILL GOT TIME MV.
LOve it But I was confuse who's Liam and who's Zedd gosh are they Twins?
This video is so heartwarming, every frame is memorable. Loved the interaction between fans, and Liam x Zedd moments. The choreo was so hype too! Honestly though, this is one of those few music vids where you wear the biggest smile from start to finish. The opening scene with Zedd and Liam joining is so well done, I love it. 🔥
F E A R   O F   G O D   -ZIAM😉
I feel like dacing whenever i hear this song...
It's sad that Liam is not getting the attention he deserves 💔😔
2:38 that's when Liam's daddy side kicks in ÷) cute
You both looks like twins brother
this song is such a disappointment
zedd: sould we do it?  💖\nme: yes baby, let do it all my life 💘( i mean play the song) 😏
I love their communication with those kids. DADDY LIYEUUMM😘😘
It makes me miss One thing-1D
i can relate with that clueless hijabi girl
Do these kids even know that its LIAM PAYNE they are with
i miss u Liam ... I'm so proud babe and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS SONG!!!
anyone noticed that liam's jacket says 'fear of god' just like what zayn's tshirt was sayin in his mv of still got time coincidence?
Love that hijab girl dance n having fun w liam
How do you... How do you even get this lucky to see them on the streets? I can't even.. I just. Bye.
I swear I thought it was Zayn and Liam. Zedd disappointed me.
I love the fan interaction
Liam Payne voice is just amazing😇😇😇😇
Its 00:23 and I'm already in love
Zedd, Liam Payne - Get Low
Zedd, Liam Payne - Get Low
😍😘😗😚
Zedd, Liam Payne - Get Low
Liem have amazing voice 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Zedd, Liam Payne - Get Low
such awesome song such an ear worm
Get low
I love this!!
fear of God ZIAM
zedd!!!!!!! <3333
AHH MI GORDO 😭❤
Wonderful!
2:13 the woman kkkkkk
ohh the beat dancing mood activate😘😘😘😘 ,,,
Did Liam gave this haircut himself!?? 😂😂
Zedd is so underrated! 🔥
ME ENAMORE😍
😞
RIP REPLAY BUTTON😂😭😍
♡
WHAT AN AWESOME FUCKING VIDEO OMFG
😍😍😍
Zedd looks so cute when he dances!! So Adorable!
A lot of kshmr samples HAHAHAHAJA
👍👍👍😎😎😎✌️
My baba love u Leyum 😭❤
He sounds like Nick Jonas
I love it❤️
I like this😄😄😄😄
Thumbs down encore
Zedd is so cute
is that?...richboi mercy?
Who heard give give.... 😂😂😂
Team niall
gettin' high with this tune 👍👌
❤❤❤❤❤💖💖💖💖💖💖❤❤❤
1:54 cheeky sugglife plug?
Hmm
Twins
😍😍😍😍
More than perfect❤️
Why are they so cute omg ❤️❤️
You are everething 😮
Liam better in 1d please reunite
I love this!
❤❤
Ali-A is that you?😂
Zedd is so handsome 😊😍❤
2017?
#Virgang    Both virgos  love it!
AHHH SO HAPPY FOR YOU!!!!
This is AMAZING!!! X
Victoria you're one of the only Youtubers I comment on who has a large following but still comments back to her followers :) I am a recent commenter, long-time watcher, and really appreciate your honesty and humility on the camera :) xx
women
Awesome video. Just ordered two pieces from the collection. I was inspired!
this makeup look is GOALS.
Your awful hair is my dream hair 😂😂😂💖
VICTORIA IS SO CLASSY!! 😩🙌🏽🌹🌹
2 amazing inspirational women :) xx
I'm so intrigued by the VB Estée Lauder line, particularly the contrast between Victoria as a spokeswoman and Kendall Jenner for the Estee edit. I'm really growing tired of celebrity lines that lack real involvement from the celeb themselves. But I really appreciate VB's passion behind the collection, and believe there was a true collaboration between the brand and herself.  Plus Victoria! I see the similarities between you and VB. Intelligence passion and style!
Looks amazing Victoria, one to remember forever!! Love that skirt, I have a similar one and it just comes out time and time again!! X
I feel you should take a look at the shade of your foundation, and match it a bit closer your your natural skin tone. If I met you without seeing you without foundation I'd think nothing of it, but it's noticeable when you can see the before and after,.
Hi Victoria, loved your smiley personality when you were interviewing VB. Her stunning advice for winter, coat, jumper, trouser, wow, how original!
Such a dreamy experience to be a part of, so glad you were able to share it with us. \nHugs Adele xoxo
Ahh you look so happy and very humble to be invited to such an amazing event - you're practically glowing like morning aura itself! Love all those looks on you and I have to get my hands on that blush/bronzer thats on your cheeks in the last frame of you looking into the camera - its just stunning!
I hate how hotel bathroom lights make everyone look tango'd!
Nicely done and well deserved!  All your looks were perfection.  LOVE VB! 💙💙
Wow, VB is amazing!!
So happy on your behalf! I have been a subscriber for some few years now,and I have definitely been caught up on how much you adore this woman :) Not to mention that you totally deserve everything you have achieved and will achieve in the future xx
The girl in the background at 4:14 looked so cool and chic. Need that jacket⭐️
You are the sweetest ♥️♥️♥️
How do you do make up so well in such speed! I take about an hour and it looks like I took 2 minutes to do my make up 😰💞
Hi!! Would you be able to film a makeup tutorial (or tell me the products you used) on the makeup you was wearing on your final outfit change (the blue dress and the awesome green boots!!!) I absolutely adore your makeup and really would love to recreate it xxxx
Love, love, LOVE this! xxx
Goals!
Congrads!!!!!! :D That's a point checked from bucket list :D Amazing! BRAVO! I know how much you love her :) (pssst me too! she's got an amazing style!)
How exciting! What a wonderful opportunity and great experience! Congratulations on being so poised and lovely while having a random chat with Victoria Beckham... as you do. You looked gorgeous!
so lucky got to meet victoria beckham .love that VB makeup collection on you !
Even though I've never met you am so proud of you for meeting your idol ❤️ you both look amazing xx
Amazing! you look beautiful, VB is so humble and down to earth like yourself xxxx
You are so privileged, thanks for sharing! 😁 xoxo
This is SO exciting! 😍👏🏻 So happy for you! XO
Great video - what an amazing experience!
Such flawless premium content😊 You go girl👍🏻\nLoadza love from India 😍😘
Love the look you created with the orange through the crease and blue wing! Absolutely gorgeous!
So happy for you! So amazing to meet Victoria Beckham she is incredible! So are you, two wonderful ladies, so inspiring! Lots of love xx
Looks like you are in the Rovers Return lol xx
Im so happy for you Victoria 💚💚
Both Victorias the cutest ❤️
Not sure how but that gorgeous browny nude lipstick totally compliments the contouring.
What an amazing experience. Really like Victoria Beckham and can't wait to try some of her makeup 😙
This video is Incredible , victoria Beckham was divine ,my Congratulations xxx Antonia Luisi
Wow, you seem so much more relaxed and natural than Victoria Beckham....lol. Good job!! xx
Beautiful look.  Your hair looks long and luscious also.  Have you thought of doing a hair tutorial as to how you get your hair style so spot on.  Loved the questions you asked VB. She is such an icon.  Congratulations.
lovely vlog you can see your passion and excitement look forward to seeing more.also you'd me more excited for my holiday in NYC.
Omg How Amazing! VB Is One Of My Favourite Women. I Would Have Passed Out With Excitement. Thankyou So Much For Letting Us See Behind The Scenes At NYFW - Looks Like You Had An Incredible Time xx \nP.s You Look Fabulous In EVERYTHING 😘
Victoria squared! Victoria beckham is one of my favorite designers, her clothes are so beautifully made and the fit is amazing!
You were so sweet when you were interviewed Victoria Beckham, you could tell it was your dream come true but you were so composed and professional.
You and Victoria (Beckham ;)) are absolutely one of the most beautiful en sweet people on earth!
I never miss any of you vlog!love you Victoria!am a fan 😘😘😘🇵🇭
My goodness your skin without makeup is flawless!
such an icon! I dont even imagine what it feels to meet a person that you admire so much! You are so lucky Victoria! ohh and LOOOVED the blue sweater
Gosh, I wasn't even considering trying the new VB makeup until I saw your video with the different looks. How would you compare the VB looks to the Charlotte Tillbury looks in a box?
WoW Victoria! Huge milestone, congratulations! So cool to know where YouTube has taken you, not that I live in England or anything but I´ll just keep on working on my channel as well and hopefully some day cool things will come my way!
What an amazing opportunity! This is why I love being on YouTube and the experiences you can have xx
This vlog actually made me so emotional. Anyone who watches you knows that she is one of your biggest inspirations so to see you get to talk with her and get invited to these intimate events with her, I don't know why but I could have cried. I literally got choked up watching you interview her haha. Beautiful looks as always <3
WOW ! you cant call this work.. :-) meeting VB... but you work hard every day and deserve these lovely moments Vic, pleased for you, the new collections look so well made and look good on you. xxx
So happy for you! After watching you for many years I squealed when I could see your dreams coming true!! Great vlog! Just wondered what you fav restaurants are in NYC as I'm heading there for the first time at Christmas!! x
Your skin gets better every day, just beautiful..
I was fangirling so much when the two of you were talking! Iconic af 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Wish there was a #drybar near me. The creator is such a lovely lady!
So happy for you! What an amazing experience ❤
What a dream to meet VB!!  Please post a pick of your blow dry.
Your face when you were talking to VB is gonna be my face when I get to meet you someday 😻
I personally think VB is a bit overrated....she is ok....her style and her look is alright but nothing special....I think she is the one who should be thanking you and be grateful to  young beautiful bloggers like yourself are giving her products the time of day....\n🤗😉
You looked amazing as usual! I'll be taking some autumn wardrobe inspiration from you!
Oh what I would do to be in your shoes! (Metaphorically and literally, cuz your shoes are always on point)💕
hey inthefrow! u look absolutely gorgeous and you would have outdone VB if u wouldn't have slouched ua body and carried ua self with more confidence! U were more beautiful than VB but her poised body language won the show there !
Your outfits were fantastic, what a great trip!
you're such an eye CANDY !! love you
Congrats Lovely!! You can really tell how excited you were to talk to her in that clip!! :)
So awesome, so happy for you
My favourite Victorias combined 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Congratulations!!! Beautiful video as always!
Ahhhh it was so cool to see you both together :D She is so stunning and seems lovely :D
amazing! you are on fire my girl xx
I squealed when you started interviewing VB.
OMG I love this, so happy you got to meet her! I love your vlogs, always so interesting and fun to watch x
How did you keep your cool? Love the qu's you asked her!! X
You are literally so stunning 😻😩 every makeup look you do is flawless and your style of clothes is just so elegant and pretty!! I need you todo my makeup one day, would be a dream 😇
makes me so happy to see you live out your dream!!! :) <3 keep shining love!
We didn't get to see your blowout 😞
Omg so amazing that you got to meet Victoria!! that must have been a dream come true for you, so happy for you!! also, just face-timing my boyfriend and he goes, ''are you watching inthefrow'' I was like omg how can you tell... you're the youtuber I watch the most and now he just knows your voice haha! xx
Victoria was highkey fangirling lol
Hang on, hang on ... stop right there. Victoria Beckham - VICTORIA BECKHAM - said you looked lovely in her dress?! I die! But of course, she's absolutely right ;) xx
I don't know how old you are, but in the beginning of the video where you have no makeup on, you look like a 17-year old girl! I mean, your skin is perfection! Please upload a skincare routine video ASAP!
Can you please recreate the LA look for us ?
Everything is so wearable. When you watch other runways there is not a lot I would wear but hers is beautiful xx
Hi Victoria! Where are your earrings from? I notice you wear them all the time and they look lovely! Love from Guam <3
awww you can tell u were totally girl fanning! So ice meeting ppl u admire :)
Hay when can us in the uk buy the VB and EL make up xxxxx
I was grinning the whole time you were interviewing Victoria, so so happy for you - you deserve all of the amazing opportunities you are having! I have no clue how you were so chilled and candid when meeting her... very jealous! xxx
Loved the looks and your personality too, amazing 😍
Anyone knows what watch she is wearing? :)
Hi Victoria, what is your natural colour of hair? :)
Wow wow wow I am so so chuffed for you, well done for not falling at her feet, it really must've been so hard to stay composed while asking her questions! Xxxx
who was that girl talking at the end of the video she was stunning
When you said Victoria nude, I was thinking Victoria Mcgrath nude which was YSL!! 💜
I'M SCREAMING!!!!! This is amazing!!!!!
First time I've ever commented on your videos! I did actually sit next to you once at a press dinner but I was too shy to say hello! Any way, I am determined to try and get the lighter glow you do under your eyes, it looks amazing! Hoping I can master it - am worried I'm going to look clown like! Xxx
the instrumental lowkey sounds like it's from minecraft
This sounds like “old Macklemore” in the best way possible.
I really love this song. Fuk a really good song :)
This reminds me of see you again. Well done love ya Kesha 😘
I thought we left them back in 2012
This white rapper out sells most blacks and is a better lyricist than 90% of black rappers. We taking over something y'all created. Thanks to Eminem who made it all possible!
This is kinda like Same love
this got to my heart :,,)
I always enjoyed Kesha's voice. 😄
Im crying and im only 15. Man life goes by fast
i live in minnesota
Blessed to hear this song.
Loving this song x
This bitch is lucky god foregives after all the anti-christ symbols her old music videos have she wants her soul back you sold it bitch for fame and money it belongs to him not you anymore you satanic cunt
This song is a weird follow to the Crohn's disease ad I keep having to watch....
Minnesota Artist Hopping one day I play at first Ave
I seriously love this kind of music, I'm in love with it
“I wish there was a way to know you were in the good old days before you’ve left them... some one should make a song about that”\n-Andrew Bernard
Awesome from a 50 plus fan. Been waiting for you Mackelmore. Kudos Keisha too!
been in a band since I was 10 playing drums now I'm 19 and not there anymore and honestly they were good old days, felt nice. 😂
/watch?v=nXoJDHUC63I\n this old song will make you cry all night
I'm so happy this exists!
Kesha saying magic pierces right through me and flares up my whole brain mmm
What happend with Ryan Lewis? no longer appears in the title of macklemore video's \nSomeone answer me!
I already had the chance to buy the album at a local shop. And I love it! :)
This song makes me happy :)
Awesome...You never disappoint Mr H. Just give your fans a collaboration with Eminem to top it off!
Well, this is just too fantastic!!! I love them both sooo much.
This lyrics really hit me hard, because I used to be very close to my former best friend 3 years ago. Then I had to switch schools, because my little village doesn't have a secondary school (7th-9th grade in Finland, which is the country I live in). We have never been as close as were back then after that. We used to fight a lot back then, but we always made up and continued having good time together. I never realized how well everything was. Now he has changed a lot and we rarely see each other or talk. But we sometimes do though. We are now in the same school, but the year we were apart from each other changed our friendship a lot. I rarely even see him at school.
This is a fuckin jam I love it so much
How does one simply dislike like this? Or anything from macklemore?
I needed this. Thank you...
Please make a video for this \nAwesome tune here
How happy had this made me 😁\nLove them both!!
ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS THANK YOU MACKLEMORE!..LOTS OF LOVE FROM NORTH BORNEO!
So fuc*ing great!!! I didn't knew Kesha has this power in her voice! She's amazing
Check out my rap on my channel, it is fire🔥🔥🔥
I've got some scars, I've been around, I've thrown some pain, I've seen some things, but I'm here now.
Simply go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You're going to get the only one working clash of clans working tool in the 2017
as a teenager myself the second verse from macklemore seriously spoke to me. I've just started college and it completely changed my outlook on being shy and not talking to others because in a sense life is too short to waste this time. i guess being a kid really is the best time of your life
Loved watching your photo shoots at the lake. You're an amazing artist and person. The song amazing! Super meaningful to me in my life. Proud to have met you. Stay real!
who came here after watching tati's snap???
I love this song ❤
Why. Is. This. masterpiece. Not. Trending
Thanks.  When the music hits, you feel no pain.  Keep em comin...
SHOUT OUT TO MINNEAPOLIS FIRST AVENUE!   macklemore knows MINN loves him !!  long time love  not bandwagon.
Thank you so much for this song. It makes me happy, nostalgic and regretful. Thank You
＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿\n| Windows Dialog　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    [－] [口] [×]   |\n| ￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣ ￣ |\n|　Windows has detected that this song is awesome!                                  |\n|     Do you agree? 　　　　　　                                                                        |\n|　 　　＿＿＿＿＿＿　　　　＿＿＿＿＿＿　　　　＿＿＿＿＿　　      |\n| 　 　｜　Yes　　     |　　　｜　Maybe　｜ 　 　      | 　   No　  |            |\n|　 　　￣￣￣￣￣￣　　　　￣￣￣￣￣￣　　　　￣￣￣￣￣　          |\n|＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿ __ _
kesha deserves all the best things honestly. I'm so happy she's back and better than she ever was
Y'all brining back good feels for us, thanks!  Keep up the journey, we're watching:)
* likes the video without even listening to the track *
Macklemore proves it doesn't matter how talented you are, if people think you suck, then you just automatically suck. I think its his face
Who else is gonna see the tour
This song is so much me.
You know that moment when you stop the microwave right on 0... Yea me either but if I did this song would be equal to that feeling
This song is wonderful 😍 you are traveling around the world
damn it made me miss the good ol days😞
Wanna sing? Let me help.\n\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nSome day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\nSomeday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of these good old days\n\nI was thinking about the band\nI was thinking about the fans\nWe were underground\nLoaded merch in that 12-passenger van\nIn a small club in Minnesota\nAnd the snow outside of 1st Ave\nI just wanted my name in a star\nNow look at where we at\nStill growing up, still growing up\nI'd be laying in my bed and dream about what I'd become\nCouldn't wait to get older. couldn't wait to be someone\nNow that I'm here, wishing I was still young\nThose good old days\n\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nThat some day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\n'Cause someday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of the good old days\n\nWish I didn't think I had the answers\nWish I didn't drink all of that glass first\nWish I made it to homecoming\nGot up the courage to ask her\nWish I would've gotten out of my shell\nWish I put the bottle back on that shelf\nWish I wouldn't have worry about what other people thought\nAnd felt comfortable in myself\nRooftop open and the stars above\nMoment frozen, sneaking out, and falling in love\nMe, you and that futon, we'd just begun\nOn the grass, dreaming, figuring out who I was\nThose good old days\n\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nThat some day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\n'Cause someday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of the good old days\n\nNever thought we'd get old\n(maybe we're still young)\nMay we always look back and think\n(it was better than it was)\nMaybe these are the moments\n(Maybe I've been missing what it's about)\nBeen scared of the future, thinking about the past\n(While missing out on now)\nWe've come so far, I guess I'm proud\nAnd I ain't worried about the wrinkles around my smile\n(I've got some scars)\nI've been around\n(I've thrown some pain, I've seen some things, but I'm here now)\nThose good old days\n\nYou don't know what you've got\nTill it goes, till it's gone\nYou don't know what you've got\nTill it goes, till it's gone\n\nI wish somebody would have told me that\nSome day, these will be the good old days\nAll the love you won't forget\nAnd all these reckless nights you won't regret\nSomeday soon, your whole life's gonna change\nYou'll miss the magic of these good old days
It always is a magnificent thing to experience when TWO amazing, pure,real and truly genuine artists come together and perform for humans to connect with.❤
This song is Great! Ke$ha has changed a lot :D
Beautiful...
i love kesha but mackle grl?
Another classic. Nothing less from  Macklemore!
me encanta
Real rap
❤❤❤❤
Wait Kesha can actually sing?! Wtf!
Beautifullkesha
ouu
Stop la main morte !! xD
Love this song ❤❤❤
oye bro esa rola es muy sad :'v
Yass two of my favs
#Respect from #KosovaPristina Amazing bro king <3 :)
Macklemore ft Kesha more like Kesha ft Macklemore
man like kesha
Wow
🔥🔥🔥
THIS IS PERFECT OMFG
my new fav song
YASSSSSSS KESHA SLAYYYY
TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!!
#TeamGemini ayy
am i gonna cry?
Wow... speechless
Trending!!!
Macklemore is a fuckin legend!!!
First liked.Then listened.Liked even more.
I cried not gonna lie
Tik Tok!!!
awesome song
<3
Very nice😅😅😉😍😍
Who came from Tati's Snapchat
🌎😋🖒🖒
Award.
Wow really bring back memories
I thought it was ft bebe :v bye
Shout out to MN and First Ave! Thanks Macklemore!
Who's a Gemini? 'Cause I am! 😊
I was out jogging yesterday \nAnd stood in poo \nI sat down on a bench to clean my shoe\nWhen along came another jogger and stood in the same poo\nI told him I just did that\nHe then began shouting at me and throwing poo at ME
Get a high speed 4k camera and post her high def picture on Facebook.
I  advocate a simple basic West Virginia solution..... Get yourself a 12 gauge shotgun.  Fill it up with Rock Salt and Bacon Rind.   And the next time this skank takes a dump on your lawn---aim it at the bulls eye where the Good Lord split her and I SWEAR she'll NEVER do it again!   And she'll also jog a little more faster!!
She really must have a few screws loose!!! What kind of person in their 'right mind' would even contemplate doing something like that?! That's soooo disgusting and gross!  Arrest her and lock her up in a tiny cell with a a stainless steel toilet and nothing else to look at for 10 years! If that doesn't get through to her - nothing will! That's just sick 😷😱😱😱🦋
I'm here for the poop puns
You gotta get schwifty.\nOh, yeah!\nTake off your pants and your panties.\nShit on the floor.
she has no proof  this woman has done it. She took pictures of a woman running and pictures of a pile of shit. now everyone wants to claim it happened to them. that town isnt that big someone has to know her. how the fuck is she getting into peoples backyards? do they not have fences. im calling b.s.
I've been to America... they all do it. i was shocked. America and public pooing go hand in hand.
I guess you can say that the jogger is in deep shit.
Huh, I wonder if she would charge me to walk her around the park?
STOP THE HATE! She is a Transpooper, all you right winged bigots need to stop excluding and start including. #transpooperlivesmatter #LGBTQP
Shoot her, let's be done with it.
U don't want to be getting into a smear campaign with this lady 😂\n\nPpl shouldn't have to take this crap 😂\n\nThe residents should call the poolice 😂\n\nThere's plenty of shits but no one's giggling 😂\n\nShe runs everyday? She must have a great pair of dungs ... I mean lungs 😂\n\nShe must be very poopular around the neighbourhood 😂\n\nPpl should praise this lady, she's the only one who gives a shit 😂\n\nI bet this lady is 33 and a turd years old 😂\n\nI heard the lady is woman of god.... holy shit! 😂
if this was a guy it would not be funny
meanwhile politicians and news channels smear shit in americans eyes and ears and they dont bat an eyelid
Who gives a SHIT!
There's just no need for it is there?
So... she´s a serial pooper.  Oh well... when you gotta go, you gotta go!!  All hands on poop deck!
Don't think it's a disorder. I think it's along the lines of some sort of deviant behavior and exhibitionism. The problem could escalate.... poopflinging
D E S I G N A T E D !!!
Well.. she feels like shit now!!
I'd 100% understand if it was payback to a dog owner who let their dog shit on her lawn but man this shit is just weird! If she shat on my lawn I'd follow her home and shit through her letter box (we have these in the uk, basically a hole with a flap in the door)
If there's something strange in your neighbourhood, \nWho you gonna call?\n\n\n\nShitbusters!!
she's homeless so she doesn't have her own bathroom. she pretends to jog so that she can poop there lol
Am I the only one that is reminded of bobs burgers? Yes? Ok... lol
I see the funny side as dose the media and the police. But on a more serious issue, if a man was doing the pooping, would people be laughing?
The real question is ... why were her kids basically crying?
People ain't got shit else to do🏃💩
Why didn't the witness go outside and kick her ass? Its your house.Your lawn. Your kids watching. Naa people just wanna be on the news and have their 5 min of fame but can't do something at the time.
Becuase it's a woman, it's a funny and cute News Story. If it was a man he would be charged with a felony and be called a pervert/predator. Even Charmin is joking about it. They offered a year supply of toilet paper. Bullshit.
Whenever someone talks about someone having a shitty personality, I will always think of this! ;-)
Lmfao!!!!!! There make an ism for it before long, shitism!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I agree with what someone said on here, once you know her address, the whole neighbourhood should club together and take a steaming dump on her doorstep and all on her lawn!!!! If you can't beat them, join them!!! 😂😂
Why the fuck do you censor the one thing you are filming? That's boarderline fucking mental.
I think it is Paula Radcliffe.
Don't snitch- tell the cops you didn't see shit.
the whole neighborhood should go to her backyard and poop there
I think her name is Winnie, dirty girl.
Don't shit where you jog.
Weirdest thing I've seen in a while, I *shit* you not.
Just came here for the comments 😂
She just doesn't want.her husband fucking this.cute runner so she decides to do a smear campaign on her....\nShow us proof  Any normal person would install cctv camera the second time
She doesn't give a shit
I'd smash my cock in her just after she layed a creamy turd
What a load of crap
I just saw this on the Talk!
This shit is bananas. Maybe she needed potassium?
Cut the crap, and move on with your life.
She needs to get her fucking poop box.
Did the news blur out a turd?
They can be worrying with paintball guns and nail her when the pants go down
Needs to be arrested for public indecency.
i bet she voted for trump. it would make sense.
She don't give a fuck! Bet she's super dominant in bed
Got to be a Mexican ---so says Donald
She is just doing it for shits and giggles baby yea
What a dirty bitch how disgusting something wrong with her
Im going to start doing this to people who dont scoop after their dogs. Lots of corn and crunchy peanut butter for them.
Dirty bitch , just put it though the letterbox like I do....
She needs to quit messing around.
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?\n\nIt runs in your genes
they should buy a tase stick and shove it up her ass when she tried that shit again.
What a time to be alive.
The anchor is a very handsome lady!
She needs to put on a adult diaper if she can't control her bowel movements.  She should also go see the doctor about her uncontrollable bowel movement.
What a Shitty thing to do...
What's with all that brown stuff lying on the ground oh yeah that's all the shit i beat outta ya
Sounds like the neighbors are steaming mad about this mad shitter. LOL! Where's Mr Mackey from South Park when you need him?
Voluntary encopresis is less common in adults, although it can and does occur in adults suffering from behavioural problems and serious psychological disorders. The condition is sometimes seen in elderly patients in the later stages of dementia \n\nRead more at: https://whatispsychology.net/what-is-voluntary-encopresis/
I'd push her shit right back in with my dick.
She has been at it since 2013. Topkek\n\nhttps://youtu.be/3tD4nmw1yZs
My gawd, does she have a serious case of The Runs? \nIt is disgusting what Democrats will do anymore.
Well, this is such a shitty situation :(
too much fiber in her diet...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tD4nmw1yZs looks like the same woman.  Maybe contact NM police, guys.
DESIGNATED
poop lives matter.
Something about this story stinks
God white people so grimey
What a shitty deal!
NASTY REDNECKS
Shit just got REAL!
Is Paula Radcliffe on holiday?
What.
Wtf trending
Holy crap. This is some wierd shit
Gtfo of here you shitter!
Fake
Napkins! Haha.
Sounds about white...
She must have thought she was in India!!!
In India this is considered normal.
Mace her asshole
I thought zeke was the mad pooper 😂 😂 😂
Definitely a liberal.
So unnatural to what our society does! We usually bomb other nations to obliteration, pooping outside is so third country.
I know several females who also are very similar to this female.  The mess they leave in public rest rooms is as gross as their explanation or self defense you don't tell me what I can or cannot do!  The jogger does look pooped, also a little skinny for this activity.  Fight back, everybody get together and monster poop on her lawn.
On,y on YouTube do you hear this kind of thing
The Springs Serial Sidewalk Shitter is a better pseudonym
ozzyman sent me here!!!!
She looks like she has an eating disorder. Laxatives maybe? That's a terrible way to live, knowing you are disgusting and still continuing anyway. Growdy.
AVICII FANS 4EVER DESDE MEXICO :3 ◢◤
lol the guy in this looks like lil dicky!!!!!!
I'm sad Avicii isn't getting the recognition he used to :(
the entire world stopped just for these two
lyrics in case you want to follow along while watching
you want to follow along while watching this
This song suits Rita Ora's voice perfectly.
When the song is as beautiful as the Singer......... a big Avicii $ Rita Ora fan here
love this song and i love rita
Rita is back!!!!Glad to hear her again.
It ain't me 2.0.
Avicii is great coz this song is so very cool😍😍
It's sick ! LOVE !!!!
Sorry but Fallout boy did it first.
My new favorite song
Who else thought it was Rihanna from the picture?
I Fucking Love This Song,and Now I love the Video Too😍🎶💘
The song is soooooo awesome but...\n\n\n\n\nhow do they make those scenes? i wonder...
I would walk across broken glass to ....ya know the rest, for Rita Ora.<3
I love this song.
love from Asia. this is awesome. \nplease come to my channel. you will love my content. everyone  please  i need your feedback on my channel..
Is this supposed to sound Melodyned? There are words where the formant makes her vocals sound chipmunky. Meh, I like the song anyway.
voice! Very good! Big thx from
case you want to follow along while watching
Love this song! And the the podcast 001 is amazing as well!
Meh. Expected something better. I kept waiting and waiting for it to take off, but then it just ended. Kinda flat. Not saying this is a bad song, just not a major hit.
This video starding exploding in Sweden and now it's almost global
Rita looks amazing here.\nPLEASE CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL, I DO TRAVELLING VLOGS! YOUR SUPPORT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH TO ME
I'm just a tributer.
Speaking of creative video concepts, I LOVE this one by Nick Jonas!! It's for his newest single Find You. Check it out here!!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWFaxs-KvMY
My girlfriend: i'm so excited tonight honey.\nMe: let's be lonely together my life.
2:20 Look closely at the painting
So how does it feels like coming back to the music world Avicii?
Lol the song has already start to not get a lot views
The song is great but the video is inappropriate and I hope you never get sexy girls again; cause you are the best!!!
Such a great song!!!!!!!!!! 🎤🎧 Also music video is rlly great. Such an awesome concept \nAnd I LOVE the lyrics 😍
This is the best song ever
It feels as though I have heard this song before? Is my mind playing tricks on me?!?!?!?
1:33 ooo i like it
Doesn't that girl look a bit like ditto?
Rita Ora has a great voice ♥
Have been dying for this video and it's Fucking amazing
Is this just another mannequin challenge video...........?
I fucking hate this song
This whole thing is a mannequin challange
Search & download this video beeyoutube.com
avicii return
Hit reply button 100000x
Needs fettywap  on this
Avicii - Lonely Together
Avicii - Lonely Together
Mirad esto i suscribiros\nhttps://youtu.be/tvELTvMkxlM\nWaw !!!!!!
where is nakumara?!
Love from Qatar 😍
Rita❤
gay ass song
well
❤️❤️❤️❤️
avicii part 2
Epic mannequin challenge
Madame Tussauds 2.0 😂
Shit im already broke the replay button
the end tho
so liiiiittt!!!!agree?
🇦🇱🇦🇱🇦🇱
2017? Anyone :v
this song is speechless
Brasil ???????
Rita ora, Jawa ya?  Wkwk
I love song ... :D
🔥🔥
buena rola
It Ain't Me vibes anyone?
sounds nice, cool lyrics! hooks me up!
Loveee this song
BEAUTIFUL RITA! 💋💋💋💋
Rita Ora, so hot...
So dope :)
avicii is back
Lets be lonely together..
❤️
Addicted
ummmm me like this
Did her boobs get bigger?\n😮😞😖😅🙈
Welcome back legend !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLFj9go0Vqk&index=1&list=PL_zgKgKAZnNyIvv8yugxMKLddH1h4Dhvc
So fucking awesome... 😍😍
Kinda flopping
Great song
mannequin challenge is pretty much dead avicii
Awesomeee songgg😍😍😍😍
hell yeahh avicii is backkk :D
RITA <3
Omg !!!! I  LOVE IT .
Avicii is back😘😘
shes got great tits
Rita ora is better than bebe rexha !!!
BEAUTIFUL <3
masterpiece
Bravo  rita  ora  ylli  ikosoves
Why does the dude next to envy always look like he's out of it? Get that man some coffee or a new job.
A real breath of fresh air honestly
These comments are ridiculous. Y'all talking about profanity and they gay. Instead that these are two young B L A C K men who are entrepreneurs who have the potential to unify Crips x Bloods. \n\nI'm proud of these brothas 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾❤️
I bout the book some bhicken right now
Blood didn't like that book book shit.
So you ride on your own kind for red and blue,wow.
The blood dudes eyes move so damn fast lol he looks everywhere in a split second
Columbus Georgia down with it....
They still have their flags on though? Are they still on or out?
When black people learn that they need each other the better we will all become
The fact that they still glorify their gangs by wearing their flag is just pitiful. Get out the life it's what is killing millions of black people. I'm sorry but I can't hear a word their saying because the stupidity they reppin is drowning out any sound.
There movement is amazing for the City. Salute to these brothers
this is the most beautiful thing ever
This is amazing. SPANK is the boo!
The guy with the red bandana face, when he said a book book, he wasn't happy
Zero credibility when you say you went to cooking school to get out of gang banging but still gang hanging and repping gangs. Will not be supporting any business like this
Moms duke tired of me getting in trouble so... Nigga i chose culinary
I like how Envy is concious of he tells to not cuss 😂😂
Just a regenerated version of the Zealots and Sicarii when we were back in Israel much love.
this is really cool
Damn they need to come to atl w the food truck!
C Tha God with another incognito positive message to the people. My man been making it happen behind the scenes, giving platforms to people who would otherwise never get it. Much respect to the man.
Nigga in the background was not feeling it lol
I been fallowing these dudes for min. Shits real. Man y'all do ya thing.
See, THIS is what's up. Something positive! If they open something out here in NY, then I''d definitely be a customer. The food looks pretty good on their Instagram.
🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵\nHONOR & RESPECT AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL!
Salute to them brothas. May blessings and prosperity be permanent residents in ya lives !!
Angela a fool for that  Booking' comment lmao
I Know the white man piss lol
Lmaoooo!!! Mane I JUST met Spank last week at this event out here in LA. I had no idea he did this but he befriended me right out the gate & showed love just cuz I'm from Memphis. Dude 100
Colorado is a food desert for real
Look up the episode of My name is Earl, where two gang members came together after beefing in prison but they turned out to be lovers.
we can only hope & pray the rest of the gang types get tired of the life & go legit ......
First time in history that Angela didn't have a friend for this situation
Respect ✊ this is what needs to be promoted way more than the regular trash in the media &a the entertainment industry please !
Black men in California has always been trendsetters..\nGood stuff bro
More ppl need to bond like this
 a book book lmao! love this segment. keep up the good work guys! *preserve your own :)
My favorite interview so far this year.
Giving they IG a follow just to support these guys.
This my bro right here real life
Charlemagne actin real industry in this interview. Actin like he ain't never had yg, snoop, scHoolboy, and nipsey on here explaining gang culture in California. Asking that dumbass question what's the difference between bompton/Compton
Shout out to these two brotha's!!! love to see my fellow Cali bro's doing something positive! Salute Kings!
I love these niggas man. They so genuine and honest. Real inspirational dudes. Keep strvin kings and prosperin.
It's clear these two niggas be on some gay ass eating and fucking type shit too!!
This is why people make fun of yall.. Fucking idiots..
I kinda like the concept, especially if the food is good ! 🙈😋😍
Spicy mac and cheese! I need that!!
Bra this is super dope big up
He is this ? Chingy and shaq
This is so dope, unity is the key, lets work together and generate profit. time to build IN, and FOR our communities. We dnt need any more of our brothers blood spilled
The bandannas were necessary, I respect their hustle and hope they inspire other gang bangers to put the guns and get money the legit way. But I guess they had to make it visually stimulating for the viewers.
Bet they cook up some gangsta ass food!! 😂😂😂
Now this is the Shit everyone needs to be showcasing and shedding light on! These dudes is on the way to a MILLION real quick. Great video great story great energy to put out to the world.
These brothers just proved 2 things to me.....no matter what city you in or no matter what you doing to achieve your dreams.....LEGAL OR ILLEGAL ......them white folks gone be there to try and stop yo black ass lol.....hearing these brothers got they shit LLC up, insurances up and professional is whats up.....2nd thing is stop hating on each other....the world is big enough for us all to get paper.....we're stronger together than against each other we just gotta find our own lane( Restaurant on Wheels)....then link up with like minds then unite with others in different lanes to expand and network .
spank wadup i see y'all bro BIG UPS an salute to trap kitchen das my boy I always knew they would make it these are some real talented brothers from the streets with the smarts to get out of it by combining each other's ideas to make a career out of their passions ..once again i salute my brothers. FROM DA HOOD 2 HOLLYWOOD  much love bros stay focus. 1
These dudes more than meets the eye. I wish them nothing but success. Nothing better at times than seeing black people work together to build instead of kill
formoneyonly.com/?refer=98148
🗣Respect The Hustle!!!💯💯
nig9aa n red remind me Chingy
Grown men fighting over colours.\nFck outta here!
This is beautiful.
Coping the cook book!
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=91513
California #1
Good shit breakfast club
This cool asf💯
You guys should interview Daddy Yankee
D.J.N Around The World 🌎 CdBaby https://store.cdbaby.com/m/cd/djn2 🌎 \nSoundCloud https://soundcloud.com/i_am_djn/around-the-world 🌎 \nYouTube https://youtu.be/3eA93wSosEQ 🌎
Sick
Envy a great dude my nigga.
yo this dope as shit
Loved this!! Rooting for these brothas success.
Love this
💯it
Gotta support these dudes...
God Keep Blessings These Guys 💯💯💯
Yooo I used to bloods periscope
Blood look like Juicy J
issa couple!
this was lovely
Much RESPECT   REDBLUE
Yall need to come to bama
They serve the Crips : ClueCerry Waffles & the Bloodz : BlueBerry Waffles  // And the Crips buy : Blue Velvet Cupcakes and The Bloodz get : Red Velvet BupBakes ! ! ! !
Great interview
School boy q n YG😄
Love it
https://youtu.be/C-UCzJtO8Ck\nCheck it out
PRAISE GOD!
The Crip nigga said oh yea i love blueberries on my waffles lmaoo
this wpuld be an amazing boondocks episode
this shit fake
Homies over hoes
*Are уou lоокing for hot dаtеs in yоur nеighbourhоod?*

59X_zkBglEY,\n *Thеy hеrе ➤➤* http://edihero.ru/hot/?v=59X_zkBglEY_984479
Shit that movie Moonlight is real!  2 gay ass thug wannabes. \nGrown ass men acting pathetic
#amazing #awesome #salute #respect #blessings #congratulations #beautiful
a cook book? a book book
@12:15 that nigga DOZINNNN lmfao
Why the nigga in the red looking at homie like a proud mom in the thumbnail
I WATCH ANYTHING WITH BLAKE SO I WILL BE WATCHING THIS.
is anyone else confused
Well that escalated quickly...
song please?
People are going to think this is a thriller from this trailer.. Pretty sure it's an existential life-course type movie.
This looks fuckin offit. Can't wait to see it
Song name?
This plot reminds me of that movie with Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth just that she had amnesia and here Blake is blind
Who else is lost?
love it !!!
Good song by HAZAMA \nhttps://youtu.be/QuufCmRkLns
whats going on
You'll float too
I don't get it.
They already made this movie.. is called The Ticket
Very good by the looks of it . Can I get 50 subs without making any videos. I'll sub back too 👍
Why are all trailers now made creepy? I bet the actual movie is not creepy at all,  the plot makes it sound more mystery
I would say this to my pizza. All I see is you....\n\njokes aside, If you reverse the gender roles and tone down the horror, it might look like the movie The Willow Tree where a man regains his sight (after losing it in his childhood) and rethinks his marriage and life. in the end his body rejects the transplantation and he loses his sight.
Chilling, i literally have chills all over
Wait what
Thank you Philip DeFranco.
Sorry Stranger Things 2 is on that day also
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
So did she found out she's married to an older man, and she's a young woman taken advantage due to her blind sight ???
I wouldn’t blame my wife once she saw me.
Well shit. 😃
captions please!!
Looks great, Blake Lively is awesome
I'm actually scurred
My Last Duchess
WTF?! Watching!
That's fucked up
Seems very interesting
What
tukin
Can’t wait !
Must see
more trailer https://goo.gl/NHB5rg
Serena Van Der Woodsen
Heckin heck this I'm playin Odyssey
Great... another It Comes at Night
I think I had read a book a lonf time ago where a woman gets eyes transplanted and her personality starts to change to that of the donor  and she becomes very paranoid while another person who got a heart surgery also changes in personality and both do a total 180 degree flip... but tht donor was possessed or somthinf so thay thig becomes part of these two.
So she starts seeing and cheats on her husband.
C U C K E D
Blake keeps rising on her acting skills and the quality of her films
What's the fucking plot
Watching this trailer, I have absolutely no idea if this is a horror movie, a psychological thriller, a drama about an abusive relationship or something else entirely...
Bloody chick movie... I was waiting for a terminator to show up... you can take the eyes out of a whore but you cant take the whore out of the eyes
So the husband goes out of his way to get her an operation to see again and the first thing she does is fuck some other guy. That's some grade A cunt right there.
why serena still a hoe even after gossip girl...
Story of a rotting girl
I wonder how this movie is gonna turn the man into something bad, and the woman into some kind of hero?\nHmmm
He knew once she seen what he looked like and how she looked she was cheating lol
Fucked up version of At First Sight
Every eye movie I've seen was stupid
Blake lively❤️
Omg Blake lively😍
why didnt she divorce first
Woman gets sight and best a whore and then loses sight again.
That turned dark real fast😳
the movie will end with him blinding her again to try and get her to stay with him
Ummm movie is all over the place.
It can't be thriller without a sex scene huh!?
another marriage is horrible and men are all evil plot, so original
-----------------------\nHi everyone, anyone wanna hear the ture gospel?\nSearch: Renee Roland\nEveryone in the comments are nice kind people they can answer your question or etc. \n------------------------
It's said that the ideal arrangement is a blind woman with a deaf man. Playa had it half right. Done messed up.
Is Ryan ok with this ?
No need to watch this movie. Eyesight makes her a whore. The end.
It seems the only real hardship this loving couple faces is difficulty conceiving a child but when Gina is given the...\n\nI bet he was giving her Plan B, but told her they were prenatal vitamins or something.
A wise man once said... THESE HOES AIN'T LOYAL
Did the guys over at Explosm Entertainment make this trailer?
She's given a second chance at sight and the idiot chooses to ruin her body with cigarettes.  Classic.
Slowing down a pop song in the trailer  trend needs to die ...
Great  Nice video\nMore New Girls Mastiii Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/mO_20V0U_fs

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/kCWr6tDRdVQ

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/DIjNtExc8_M

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nGirls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/Els3Jwyvy3A

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/EI9EgdNroi8

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/ijQNLNVUe8I

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nSchool Girls Dance Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/fxrAv-kU8DI

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/KG_Y9NZ8wMU

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/6KE7NINKqcA

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\n

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nHorse Race Video Here_

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/5_NAWOOPgbk

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/DIjNtExc8_M

zTTaFg2Sq9Y,\nhttps://youtu.be/2kntBrvPjJg
The husband ends up re-blinding her in the end because his fear of losing her becomes too great.\n\n\nOops!   SPOILERS!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, I'M SCARED.
Finally a trailer that doesn't give away the damn plot!!! It looks good
There is almost a  20 year age difference between the two actors...
They should've had Ryan Reynolds play the husband hands down. I'm not saying that you should have the real couple play the couple in movies, I'm just saying that they are already a perfect couple in real life and they both happen to be amazing actors, so Ryan should've without a doubt played the boyfriend/husband role.
Idk her acting is never that convincing to me especially in emotional scenes but looks interesting
She looks like that Blake girl......oh
Looks like after getting her sight back, Serena Van der Woodsen's starting to *see* his true colors. Xoxo, Gossip Girl.
It would be cool if her husband wasn't a psycho but instead he left her and she took her sight for granted but at the end of the movie after she has lost everything her husband comes back.
These girls need to stop acting so grown and thinking they can handle adult situations. Listen to yo momma, sit yo ass down and complete school. Find other TEENAGE interests like dance, soccer, youtubing, makeup, etc. instead of trying to be about that life. This is what you have to do to get those nice things.
She's a THOT! If I was 16 and I saw an older woman and man naked I would run, even if it was my celebrity crush ✌️
That bitch lying she was fucking before she met kellz
He's sick perv and I hope he gets dealt with mercilessly for this. But there's absolutely nothing empowering about her. She wasn't forced to partake. Instead of dancing, cheering, or STUDYING, like a teenage girl she was being a fast ass who fucked around and got in too deep with the wrong one so lets not prop her up like some kind of martyr for sexual abuse. You fucked up sis, you fucked up big time when you said ok, plain and simple. Hopefully you teach the young girls in your family better.
U 16 on a tour bus\n..were was ur parents did u drop out of school...i mean was ☝ im confused...
Is this the girl he peed on?
Me and my cousin were just talking about this the other day😞😕
You Tube.com/My New Place freestyle Videos N My 2017-18 Final Demo Mixtape Project  Soundcloud.com/Currently under construction
So at 16 years old, you don't have enough sense to say NO in that tour bus! You see them naked and you didn't leave? C'mon now!
Well damn ain't this a bit much for day time TV....we're talking about a  grown ass man sexual assaulting a minor, as she stated above she was 16 at the time of meeting him...
@ 16 you surely know the difference between good and bad. The moment he first touched you you should have stayed away or got in contact with the police considering you were seeing him during the court case for the same offence...and where the hell wr ur parents during this whole thing
Where were your parents at 16, why werent you at home or school? she liked it or liked what she was getting out of it be it money or a lavish lifestyle. At 16 you know what it means when a man says take of your clothes and hes naked and so is a strange lady, she didnt refuse she consented to it. I hate these stories.
So nobody notices everytime they need a distraction in the media a new story comes out about rkelly right when everybody is trying to find out what happened to Kenneka Jenkins
Dumb niggas still showing up at his shows.
R.kelly is know to a pedo who pisses on underage girls in the early 2000 how did she not know he was a freak
OMG THE REAL IS BACK AND NO.10 ON TRENDING
I don't believe a damn word, that this little Shank, is saying, she got booted out and is now trying, to get paid.  Right, she look's and sound, very traumatized !!! lol
He may be a great singer, but everything else about him turns my stomach. Ever since he married Aaliyah at only fifteen.
She's so beautiful 👌🏽🙌🏽
This is random and off topic but I wish I knew the name of her blush. It looks amazing on her complexion
These money hungry bitches need to seriously get a fucking job instead of trying to expose celebs with bullshit allegations. First the fat lying bitch holding press conferences on usher, now this broad.
... take off all your clothes...\nok...\nOK? Just OK??? Geezzz
Whos the whale in the blue dress
How old is she now ?
Why are they all dress like they are about to hit the club after this?
R Kelly made me touch his big black balls!
I believe she can Lie! Lie so much till she reached the sky she tells lies every night and day..she just lied for the press that day
She want a taste of ROB, Now she is money hungry, R. KELLY  is Innocent . Bad gal who should be in school then.
Bitch put the keys in the ignition and gtf outa there
She's a liar, she wanted that golden rain
I find it ironic that R. Kelly gets all the shade and I'm sorry but I don't believe her. On the other hand Huey Hefner has been sleeping with young girls for years so what's the difference. She has no emotion in her face to have experienced a traumatic thing
Where👏🏿Are👏🏿Your👏🏿Parents👏🏿And👏🏿How👏🏿Did👏🏿You👏🏿End👏🏿Up👏🏿On👏🏿R.Kelly’s👏🏿Tourbus👏🏿At 16👏🏿Years👏🏿Old!!??
where did she said she was invited to in 20 seconds? I didnt get the word
So ... she gave her consent for all of this ? Like never said no one time ? Now she running her mouth trying to get payed ... don't get me wrong Kelly is probably some sort of sick pedo but damn if all I have to do is ask I might get laid a lot more too
😂😂Loni said How did you do it
It's sad to see women defending this pig and bring quick to call this woman names. Women support and stand with each other!! No one else will if you don't.
Just to let everyone know, they are not doing longer clips. On Loni's instagram ,YouTube don't get them views they need people to watch it live. This is all we are going to get.
Can they put longer videos smh I'm sick and tired of these short ass clips
First of all I started with her appearance on how she wore no make up to look younger, the cheap yellow shirt the little girl hairstyle and went out of her way to dress down, look innocent and come off as a little girl. This is a grown married woman with a baby. \n\nShe said she walked on a bus and saw Robert and another woman naked. I am sure at that point if she was uncomfortable or confused she like my daughters would have said hell NO and turned right around and walked off that bus. \n\nI have been listening to all these stories and accusations and if your dumb or stupid it would be easy to believe what this WOMAN and others are saying about R Kelly. So let’s start with this. In every state in America statuary rape is a serious crime. Sex with a minor is a serious crime. Agreeing to be in a sex cult is not a crime. We have to distinguish between willing participants and people being held against their will. These accusations would land R Kelly in prison for the rest of his life so I keep asking myself why hasn’t he been arrested and charged with Kidnapping, sexual assault, sexual abuse of a minor and so many other crimes. None of these stories are true. They are lies or else R Kelly would be in jail right now facing multiple felonies. He’s not. \n\nWe’re these girls his sex toys it’s very possible and it would not be the first time a  number of women agreed to be sex partners with the same man. Wouldn’t be the first time a woman was in a controlling relationship. You have to look at the facts of what’s happening. If anything these woman were and their families were saying is true why haven’t they gone to law enforcement and hired an attorney to get this man arrested? Because they are lying. Just like the girl who got an attorney and said she slept with Usher and after she got a little fame and attention she said she was telling a lie and that she never slept with Usher. We have to understand there are people who will do anything to become famous and get attention.
If Tamar was still on the show she would of went off script and been like Girl were was your Mama!
No one forced you to suck his ass you dumb hoe, it was your choice.
Don't believe her.
Hold on ???? Aint that the girl from sister sister ?
🎶You a pussy, you get popped. You a groupie, you a op.🎶  If I'm to believe this story (that gets more sensational everytime she tells it) she was INVITED  and She CHOSE to stay and participate. Victim? Slave?  Bish where? You thought you were going to be the new Mrs. Kelly but in reality you were just a plaything and he grew tired of you. You feel used, stupid,  and regret all the stuff you did,  but it was your choice to do them.
This is what he meant by Bump n Grind
I don't believe the mainstream he has a sex cult come on every black celebrity the mainstream media always turns everybody against them at the day did Bill Cosby now they're going to R Kelly again just like they did Michael
Oh please give me a break with this R Kelly mess!!! R KELLY WE need TP4 ASAP!!!!2017 @NOW please!!!
Something don't add up. So you're 16 and you go onto a bus with two naked ppl and you're told to take your clothes off and you just do it? Hmmm ok... seems like some one stopped getting paid.... N before anyone comes at me I don't support what this guys is doing but there is always somethings being left out.
On the show they also said that she took a lie detector test and she was truthful
I'm gonna need y'all to get it together this season and post clips that have a decent length. 21 secs and broken stories are annoying!
All this happened, but yet u decided to not report it..........
Trash thot shut up u wanted to do it bc he was famous
Why did your mom let you go to the tour bus? Why did you stay when you seen them take off their clothes? You removed your clothes and had sexual relations with that woman? 🤔
and you hung around ...stayed ....keep doing what you were told ..and now >>>drum roll please >>>>I'm a victim  ....she's out for $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Where are your parents? They just let you go on his tour bus alone at sixteen?
R.Kelly: Girl I'm gone beat you when you get home to daddy.
Something is not right .. it's more to these stories .. these women were young .. where was the parents ??.. no schooling ??..... maybe the families were paid.. u never no
It's ok R Kelly is an oppressed black man in a white supremacist society. It's not his fault, it's the fault of the white man. You should all go and riot in the street to fight against the injustice against this poor dindu nuffin brotha.
subscribe in my channel and i will subscribe in your channel
LOL. the Real Girls are like wish it was me.. Jajajaja
These comments calling her dumb and naive for not saying no or leaving are insensitive and non compassionate. It's similar to calling women in abusive relationships dumb for not leaving or a person foolish for being with the abusive man (or woman) in the first place. We really don't know what was going on in her mind at the time, even if what was going on in her mind was a thirst for attention/love and thoughts rooted in insecurity. We just don't know.  However it's still wrong for him to be sexually involved with underage women. Period.
this is fake news
Yet u people still call Michael Jackson a pedophile...SMDH
Tam...that hair is a NO NO 😪
Sorry but at 16 you know what's up, one time back in the 90s when cashmoney was starting. They where staying at this hotel my sister worked at and they invited my cousin and i to the room. I was maybe like 13 but looked older, and I could smell the weed too.  but i was like hell no something can go down and I didn't want that. I was excited to see them but not to go. So I don't know what these girls expect. So many fans and you get chosen,  theirs a reason. And sorry but why are you at a grown man's trials or whatever , when he sings sex songs. Being a kid and hearing r Kelly,  I knew it was sexy songs, nothing bad now that I am grown. #wakeup
Who's idea was it to make her look like she's in middle school???
Man cut the bull! You wanted it, you liked it, and you went back for it and continued to engage in it! Lls. Just be real.
She should stop saying she's 16 as though that's the reason for her naivety. 16, in America a country with so much technology and information and education, speaking fluent English, access to internet maybe even free internet.......oh puh-lease she made her Choice
okey.. 16 years old can understand that u don't have to take ur clothes off if u want to.. gold fucking digger your kind help those pedophiles to hunt for more
u went into the to bus and he was naked, shouldn't dat have alarmed u to get out of there
He going to hell
So there is a trainer?? And presumably someone driving a tour bus who could be involved? Have these people ever been required to testify?
I just don't understand how R. Kelly is still walking the streets! This dude needs to be locked up
So he getting charged then
What happened why they are not uploading its already tuesday evening in Malaysia!
Kelly my man go back to the studio and make some hits WTF IZZ U DOING BRO??
How is this guy not in jail?
I agree with the comments post the whole episode more people would be able to watch
Sorry i don't care how old is she unless if she is less than 13yo. She also should've know better. The responsibility relay on them 50/50.\nWhen i was 15 i started working to support my family. When i was 17, i immigranted to another continent by myself alone.\nThere is something all ppl have called common sense and knowing if what u r doing is wrong.\nThis bitch was looking for fame.\nGurl bye
She's telling portions of the truth,  that's why she passed the lie detector test. She must be very ashamed of herself. That's embarrassing that she let herself be used like that. That part where the girl was teaching her things, that was a lie. She knew exactly why she was invited to his tour bus, chiiile, please. He still wrong though.
I hate when people say i was just a teen, that means you are old enough to know right from wrong. She knew R Kelly was a pedo, but he is rich & famous so she wanted to be with him now she wants to play the victim.
Truth is... R kelly is still not guilty and these allegations haven't been proven. She could be making this up...who knows.
didnt kells tell this bitch to keep it on the downlow?
Slaaaaag
Fuckin black names are so funny lol
She knew what she wanted!
0:15 😂😂😂😂😂
http://payhip.com/b/dJwN
R. Kelly the mfn man outchea
Nn.                                N
Staaaap!
She lying
🙄
Lying ass bitch
More New videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdWz_zFJOZc
STOP SPREADING RUMORS ABOUT MY BOY R.KELLY
The real is real for this fr!
If R Kelly guilty of all these b💩 stories what are these lil lying ass girls parents guilty of...#thingsthatmakeugohmmm#
She said unfortunately R.Kelly was not the first person who had done something to her. She said she was sexually abused as a child.  So that's why it was easier for R. to get to her... pedophiles know who to prey upon. It's absolutely sick.
like I said #AllWomenAreWhores
Micellar water is so good I use it everyday too!!
Who else thinks her voice is so calming??
I love you 💖 please visit Philippines soon 😭
next about lashes extentions recomendation and how to care it???  😍 😍 btw love you jess.. 😘
I LOVVVVEEEEE Kate Somerville, I recommend to everyone that comes in and it's personally my favorite brand 💕
How do you take care of your eyelash extensions? Please help me 😩💖
Make a video of your go to hairstyles!! love you!!
How are you so flawless ? 💕
Plz do a married couple morning routine
So beautiful with and without makeup! Jess I used to love the Garnier micellar water but I tried Bioderma and can't use anything else! Get it from Beautylish. Garnier is still probably my next favorite and they're similar in price! love you Jess xoxo
Can you please do a faith video??!!
do a house tour!!❤️❤️❤️
I’ll love to see and updated version of how you edit your Instagram pictures 😻 .. and your so beautiful your such an inspiration 💞
I mean I understand she likes wearing makeup and I'm not saying she shouldn't, but I actually think she looks better without it.
If anybody is looking for an organic, cruelty free, and totally AMAZING moisturizer for a decent price, definitely check out Green Screen by FARMACY. You can get it at Sephora! It has SPF 30 and it makes my skin feel so nice and I have sensitive skin too! :)
please please do a clothing haul
can you do 'married vs dating' with lauren and alex please !!!
I use garnier micelar water too but it doesn't take off my mascara and that's very annoying cause I have to be using two different products
you are so beautiful, inside and out! Never forget that❤
Please do about your faith Jess!! 💛
Hey Jess! Do you wear daily sunscreen? If so, what kind do you use? I want to start wearing sunscreen everyday but I have very sensitive skin and it often makes me break out. Love the video!
please become a daily vlogger with Gabe
U should look up Lemongrass Spa products! They're all natural and super good for your skin! I looove them❤️and no I'm not a seller of the product, js😉look them up!
Do a what I eat in a day video 😁
i love jess so much she is so pretty
I would totally recommend getting the micellar water with the green cap as that's for combination and sensitive skin xx
We liked you to a video about youre faith
Jess posting a new video makes me sooo happy!🤗 ur so beautiful. Keep it up!💕
Do you know what your “tour make up look” will be?? I think it will be really fun to see a video on that :p
Rodan+Fields is amazing. I used it for a month and it cleared up my face so well and once I stopped using it I broke out again so you just have to be very consistent with it. And it is very good for sensitive skin even though I didn't have to worry about that. Another product I recommend is Dermologica. As far as I know, it's only sold in the U.S, but it is AMAZING for the skin.
i'd love a christian related video about how to be closer with god, a fitness routine video, or just a jess vlog :)
To those you looking for tips for acne: washing with a cleanser with the active ingredient as benzoyl peroxide in the shower everyday clears your skin in just a few months! I understand that it's hard to find acne products that work as I struggled with horrible acne for years and nothing worked until I used a benzoyl peroxide wash, I recommend Clean & Clear but you have to be extremely dedicated and wash everyday! And DO NOT forget to moisturize!!😊
Thanks for praying for mexico . You were one of the few people that talked about it and we really need prayers
Wtf 50ml of that cream Jess uses costs 100$ where am I supposed to find them😂 There is no chance my mum will allow me to buy such an expensive cream lmao
Wish you were coming to the uk for your tour 😫😫
What’s on my iPhone video
The bible quote came just in time...actually a girl I know got into a car accident and there is nothing to do bcz there is no oxygen in her brain anymore. I was so upset about it and of course started praying for her. All of her friends and even where I live are praying for her. Today there is a chance for a miracle to happen bcz of all those who are praying and confessing their sins which Mary told her family to do so that her condition improves. Now I am full of faith and hope and happiness bcz I know the Lord hears us even if we don't hear His response directly❤
Can you make a video talking about your Christianity? Love you❤️
more makeup routines please xx
HER EYES OMG
OMG! My mom sells rodan+fields!
I could watch skincare videos alllll day
GRWM DATE NIGHT WITH GABE
Freaking yes I love you Jess. Aha it rhymed :)
I love you bubby
Thank u so much ❤️
You should do your pamper routine!!
Y u so cute omgggggggggg
that background thooo 😍
Eyessss😍😍😍😍😍😍
CLOSET TOUR
Can you do a fall haul?
those 69 dislikes are just mad they’re not Jess 😍😍😍
You should do a makeup collection!! Would love to see it
I love that you demonstrate!
Pretty with or without makeup
I love using the micellar water as a eye makeup remover. I tried to use it all over my face but it broke me out so bad. 😞
i wanna see a video of you and gabe reacting to jessriel edits
Can you please make a video of how you maintain your eyelash extensions and how you do makeup with them on? I use to have some and they would always fall off when I did my eye shadow! Love you Jesss💕
Anyone willing to watch my latest vlog?\n\n\nHEY!! Let's support each other! \n\nI WILL SUB TO WHOEVER SUBS TO ME AND STAYS SUBBED.   Let me know!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕💕💕
With and without makeup you look pretty Jess
Beginners make up video please
I'd really like to meet you on tour but I live in Norway lol:(
The sign in the background made me giggle! You're so gorgeous, wish I could pull off wearing a bandana!
Omg, you are so sweet and pretty!💛I love you so so much, really hope to find a friend like you!💛
the fact that she started birth control also probably helped her skin
jess!!! do a what’s on my iphone!! 💖💖💖
A beautiful soul indeed. That's Jesus shinning through her. I love how she uses this platform to spread His love!!
i want to see a morning routine
snap saw it first <3 Love you so much Jess!! <3
Wow I didn't expect u to be that white it suits u much better than being tanned.
#36 on trending!!!!!!! also i'd love to see a style tips video or a lookbook or something
I use the Garnier Micellar Water as well as toner and make up remover together with a Cetaphil Moisturizer 😊
Just a tip for anyone wanting good skin! Always double cleanse look it up. Always take your makeup off AND cleanse your face. Micellar water isn't great just for cleansing. Check out carolinehirons.com she's the skincare queen!
omgg such a cutie, i love you Jesssssss 💋❤️ \n\nur fan from Thailand.
Try bioderma as your micellar water and cetaphil as your facewash (its very good for sensitive skin) u can check the reviews online
What product did you use for killing acne? I need help
POLAND 🇵🇱 I INVITE YOU TO POLISH CONTEAM GROUP ON FB!! \nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/165141620645841/
I forgot to comment but snapchat sent me early:)
i can never hear you because your voice is so soft😍😂 love this video as well❤️
If you want more information on skin care, follow Caroline Hirons- she is a skin care god! Her blog is basically my skin care bible.
I just love her. She is so pretty. 😍❤
Natural makeup for school 💕💕💕
Jess please do your hairstyle tutorial! Love you :)
you’re trending girl congrats ♡ love this vid x
I don't actually use that many things I am only gonna talk about five different products five things I use 1 and that's water
Can you do a morning or night routine? Or both??
Relationship advice with Gabriel (Christian version)
Your such a cutie
she replied to me when i requested this video awhile ago! yay
Pls do more hauls❤️
35 on trending!!
la la loveeee you jess. 😘
Snap saw it first😏💗🙊
omg omg pls more Houston dates :(((
Woahhh #36 trending damn son
u r beautiful
House tour
OMG 💕 PLEASE DO YOUR MAKEUP COLLECTION ☺💄
35 on trending yayyy💕 go Jess😊
We're did isacc go? Someone explain.
Cam reacting to them being handcuffed together 😂
Cameron !😍
Rachel was third wheeling 😂😂
ha gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
CAMERON WAS CHECKIN OUT RACHEL YOUU COULD TELLLL
hahaha bff
oh mah gash cameron sleep in your house💔
I miss isicc
HHAAAHA I LOVEEEEE THE VIDEO 💖💖💖💖💖
Cameron De Third Wheel 😂
*tugs on handcuffs* \nCameron: oh yeahhh 😏\nMe: lol 😂 \nTyler: 😶\nRachel: 😞
oooo kinky.
BTW  I love your videos
brown hair😍
love your videos. :)
Ly
Cam😍
CAMERON MY HUSBAND
Done it
Holy shit Cameronnnnn💟💟
I miss iseck
I'm jealous of your bf
Are you done yet?\nNo!\nHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
when their going shoping i was singing i my head..... lonely so very lonely, miss lonely i'm all alonennn
How did they change their shirts tho????
How did they go toilet?
At first I was so surprised 😱 that you and Tyler got to spend a one whole day with CaMeRoN DALLAS!!?!!?!?!??! The funniest and the awesomeness actor who did the greatest of the movie Expelled that was so funny and incredible idea. Would you pls tell Cameron Dallas that I say hi and I really love his movie. 😆😀 Awesome volg today 😊
I feel like Rachel was so third wheeling
She doesn't get much views these days but good videos
So they broke up already?? Rcl's past BF oh her vlogs ? He was way more cuter
Is cameron dallas famous because I dont know who he is.
I love how Rachel was the third wheel instead of Cameron😂😂😂
Are u done?\n\nNo!😂😂😂i 💓 Derek
Cameron He sounds like Justin Bieber and he looks like it!
The second girl in the intro I have same name same spelling is she Irish or something
Rlcbeauty you should come to Coachella in  California since your here
Was it me or was Derek a bit salty that Tyler was cuffed to Cam??
I just did a duet with Cameron on musically
At the end I loved how Tyler looked at both of them and then went back to sleep xD
I am surprised that nobody is like CAMERON DALLAS OMG OMG!!
You guys should have went bowling!!😂😂
Aww that's my husband :') 💕
maybe public relationships shouldn't be your thing
OMG MY FAV MOVIE IS EXPELLED WITH CAMRON DALLAS ON IT
I actually ship it
Can you do a fall or Halloween thing like old times 🙂🤗
Am I the only one who noticed that Camron Had A Hickie??????
I'm just asking for 2 likes. Pls
WHY CANT I BE HANDCUFFED TO CAMERON DALLAS😩😩 ILHSFM❤️❤️
You guys wouldn't be able to exist properly😂😂😂
K wait are you going to be only doing the under VLOGS from now on?
You know how sometimes you meet celebrities and their jerks,I love it how Cameron Dallas wasn't! He's amazing 😱😍😱😍😱😍😱😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😍😱😍😱😍😱😱😱😱😱😍😱😱😍😱😍😱😍😱😍😱😱😍
idk y but Cameron Dallas looks so much like Justin Bieber to me. (He looks like the Justin Bieber in the What do you mean? music video)
Cam's hair is so fluffffffy
I want her normal videos back
Wait, when did Racheal get 12 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!\nFor reference, that's the same amount as iisuperwomanii.
I've watched expelled sooo many times because I love Cameron Dallas and I'd love to meet him
Why was it so satisfying to watch them workout
How come they got their arms through the sleeve, if they supposedly slept in hand cuffs!?!?
Are you done? NO Derek is literally me 😂😂😂
Saw Cameron Dallas and was like.....YES YES YES *click* !!
Any small channels wanna sub I'll sub back to any I can?
Hi I want to get hand cuffed to Cameron k thanks
Cameron looks good in everything
Derek is so me just like I wanna be hand cuffed to Cameron Dallas for a day like yes please
OMG WHEN I SAW CAMREON ON THE FLOOR.... I WANT TO DIE NOW. HOW RUDE CAN THEY BE? SHE COULD HAVE SLEEP SOMEWHERE ELSE SMH...
what type of camera you got?
he looks so different from the last time i watched him which was that movie he was in.
Did she break up with that other dude
Am I the on,y one freaking out at the fact that Cameron Dallas was literally laying in her bed😍😍🔥🔥😭😭😭🤤
I really have NO idea who Cameron Dallas is. Should I google him?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! HER AND IVAN WERE SUCH A CUTE COUPPPPPPPPLE
Your friend are so good looking
u broke up wit other guy?
me and my friend were watching and wondering how they got there clothes off if they were wearing handcuffs no hate just wondering
no her and her new man just don't feel right...man..
what the heck kinda bro hug was that
I didn’t even know if it was cameron at first because of the little mustache he has going on there
I love u guys ps i live in philly so philly gang gang
will you handcuff me to cameron dallas for a day. mkay thanks
WHY CANT I BE HANDCUFFED TO CAMBEAR FOR A DAY
I don't like it that she does her vlogs from different angle but I LOVE HER IN GENERAL
All your videos are very interesting.  Have you ever tried jumping in mud or quicksand?  Many of your videos are very similar to that.
Can I get pinned for no reason
Derek is hilarious! 👌😂
you should prank Gabi again
WGHO ELS HASENT GOTEN A GIVEAWAY YET
damn derek and caoimhe really had to dis philly like tht🤦‍♀️
IM CHASING CAMERON I LAUGHED TOO HARD
My life goal is to be handcuffed to Cameron Dallas
U should do a part 2 \n\n\n\n\nLike if u agree
When I saw Cameron in the intro I was like “YESS my boo”❤️
You got a new bf?!?
So we got two girls and two boys and what do'ya do everytime you go undercovers. You and Rclbeauty are the Undervlogs. 3 day a piece. Thank goodness. I want to see you girls wearing sandals for next week cause it's almost the last day of summer. Fall Sandals for girls is the subject. How do you wear it well.
i find it funny that me and cameron have the same name and our last names start with a D
I need to stop.....I'm such a YAOI lover lol IM THINKING OF SO MANY WRONG THINGS
hey um rahcel how do you put together vids without youtube video editor
Who else has watched all rachel's videos from the begining of her youtube career and still loves her videos? :P
My names naomj
Please watch this and treasure how special this man was - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytk5K4GlgaQ\n@boogie2988 I hope you do not mind my linking of your video to this event. You pretty much summed up all the words and thoughts that I had, and still have.
The last game Iwata worked on was Mario Maker iirc. he left us with mario maker so we could have fun making games like he did ;-;
It's apart of Japanese culture. Basically the inclusion of Golf means he is with the switch and is supporting it. He's seeing the success of his hard work.
I haven't gotten a switch yet. Not connecting to internet till I do this
I really gotta learn sign language.
*Summoning Iwata's ghost intensifies*
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
How the fuck did you figure that out??
Goat fire brigade'  helps save Spain from forest fires\nhttps://youtu.be/ImFJAw2SnZg
I understood how the 3ds had all types of hidden games, but why would Nintendo make you summon a game?
Holy moly can you speak or not?
Cool video paying your respects to him. 👍
i used to rock this game on my nes
Hey that's some pretty good asmr
thank you for posting this.
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
Oh man, I remember that game.
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
This is on trending
So lets keep count of the amount of viewers that don't even have a Nintendo but still watched the whole video. 😄
Bru I’m pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
i managed to find it thanks
This is some Ready Player One level shit
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
i'm not crying
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
Nice to see Iwata's name trending on YouTube..
I just don't buy it. Can't get it to work and it's too damn cryptic.
I like that Nintendo makes family-oriented products, as compared to the other companies.
He is the OA
doesnt work for me NOOOOOO i wanna play it
free game behind a dance-wall
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Eh, what? I don't understand how I can do this???
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
I'm very confused wtf is happening
I believe it's fake
Wow that's one heck of an easter egg and a great tribute to Iwata!
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
So can this game ONLY be played on July 11th? Or does playing it once unlock it to play whenever? My Switch is connected to the internet so I can't check it myself.
I cry every time.
You get a B+ as a mime.
have u updated your switch
OKAY. I previously posted a colmebt doubting this claim, but after searching more, I found even MORE proof of it.\n\nThis is fucking real, and that makes me so happy.
I'm gonna cry, this is so sweet
Can you try it with the joycons attached to the grip?
For you
Stupid .  Why you no narrate
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
Wtf is this on trending
直接(DIRECT TO YOU)
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
Directly to you!\n直接！Choku setsu!
Wow
O mais impressionante é ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrário, provavelmente com auxílio de um espelho. Que cordenação impecável!
Top 10 Creepypasta Rituals
face reveal?
岩田「直接！」\n(iwata) (Choku setsu !)
Ya'll remember Lee Trevino's Golf??
illuminate conspiracy 😂
God bless Nintendo, man
#35 on trending congrats
#35 on trending gg
zen-like tutorial.
im crying real tears right now
すごい！👏
Wow your trending with 48 subs
Bro i cant see shit
Yoga at its finest!
F <3
Directly.
Stuff that should be trending
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
Can you not talk? Why make the video so cryptic when everything could have been explained in 30s of talking?
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
I can’t get it to work. Help?
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
donget it, you just wave your hands around and the game starts?
does this work for july 11 2018?
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  😑
fake
on my console it dont work :(
Get a pc
How did someone figure all of this out?
i cant get it to work XP
This isn't working for me...
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
I just want to know how long and how many hand movement combos it took for him to find the easter egg lol...he has to know a designer
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Faked for views
In these tense political times We should all come together to appreciate that this video wasn't filmed vertically
Water sucks, Gatorade is better.
What happened to the stupid fuck who blocked the road and the other two drivers? The cameraman was too stupid filming stuff that wasn't important.
how do I hire this tractor driver?? I have a job i need to get done within 10 years. He's perfect for the gig.
Shut the fuck up
nice,thats not magma (sorry for english)
In any state this
That guy that ended up blocking the road, if he survives is gonna get such a beathing by the other blokes 😂😂
Where did this happen? Location?
Тварь на грейдере убить надо!!!!
Truck guys die?  Seems like they should have just run up hill...
Just sitting over here wondering why this is happening\nEdit: I’m dumb
I hope that guy in the truck is okay...
Am I the only one annoyed that people thing the thing blocking the road is a tractor?
Omg, I hope all those people are ok
The dude yelling and hootin says it all !
wow way to park a road grader in the only escape route, asshole in the red shirt. sure hope one of the people you killed was your boss cause otherwise you are in trooooouble
0:05 The guy leaving the grader in gear should be put on trail for his hideous act. What a complete moron! According to the news, no one was killed in this accident - but that was more luck than anything else, this idiot didn't help the situation.
I rather die in the mud then listen to this awful shrieking voice
No offense but i really thought the title said jiberish
LAVA IS RISING, GET TO HIGH GROUND!!!
FOR THE HILLS, BOYS! RUN FOR THE HILLS!!
Lol...i just saw this on the daily dose of internet lol
Words canno... stupidity... two drivers...even in the moment...I can't...Darwin...incredible.
Anyone else scream RUN from the first look at the video? And continued screaming until it was obvious that people died?
Why is everyone here unrealistically stupid? That you could go faster off of that tractor and let people through without it walking away but now he just had to back it up and block the only way out for cars and trucks
This woman is literally hollering like a monkey 😂😂😂
retarded fucking women all they do is scream for no reason when theres trouble
He is warning of Pizza and Bear Monsters and to vote for Bernie Sanders.
O shit that's a lot of chocolate milk
Get out of the tractor, get in the truck and go....better yet, don't run down the road..go up the hill.
Wtf I didn't know they had chocolate rivers in Laos
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
That guy on the grader should be shot. Bailing and blocking the road.
Go around the damn tractor. There was room to do so!!
Mother nature is getting mad bc these little sh*t keep testing nuclear bomb.\nF# humanity - our kind cannot survive without killing one other.
Someone had to use the bathroom emergency.
what the fuck is up with all the women holding a camera and screaming like absolute fucking animals while witnessing a disaster like this?! like, there are so many videos like this where the female camera holder is screaming like a fucking goat! shut your fucking whore mouth cause there is nothing you can do, you stupid fucking bitches!
im going to get some chocolate milk now.
@ 1:32 JUST WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?
The title says it all !!!
Sad that people can be so dumb.\nAll they had to do was run away, but nope.\nThis is more like suicide than anything.
Big ass tractor blocking the path is an example of Murphy's Law at its finest.
my disrepect to all of this little whores - thai people & other shit
Should have ran up hill to the right...
At first I was like oh shit their river is going pretty fast. Then I was like why they running. THEN I was like oh the water is going a bit crazy. THE THE FUCKING MUD MOVED CARS OUT OF THE WAY?! I'd run faster than a black guy in a horror movie
im mesmerized by the trees getting knocked down, one by one, on the other side of the river
The guy trying to move the giant tractor to save some money almost got everyone killed. Idiot.
lmao at the guy in the tiny truck honking his horn.
guy in tractor jumped out at 0:06
It's like if the Earth had really bad Mexican food the night before
Laos is depending on China and so the dam must be constructed by China. That's why.
Good luck trying to outrun it or drive away.  Run up the damn hillside next to you.  Ah well, too late.
Eye Dee O's Me Oh
WOW! CGI is really good these days! \n😁
O...m...g that fucking guy in the tractor, just ride with the other guys
I hate when nature decides to ruin things.... like cant you see nows not the time...
peasants are so goddamn retarded  :D  i'd jump on my nutsack and ride down the river on my dick while using my farts as a motor!!!
One complete jack@$$ in a tractor blocks the entire emergency access/egress route \nThey should tear that guy a new one
homeboy in the tractor killed everybody..
Меня больше всего удивляет как они неторопливо выезжают, че потоп обычное дело
Бегите глупцы!
Holy fuck!!
dam(n)
Wtf
Aaaai
DOHMAH!!!!
that dude's scratchy voice omg
That scream at 0:10
She sounds like satan
Oh cool, Chocolate milk. Yum
Holy crap!
Anyone here from RR?
9/11. Never forget.
На грейдере пидорас!
Good. Leave nature alone.
Dtai sum
Done on purpose?? #9/11
This is fucking awesome!!!!!
OI!\n\n\n\n\nWOOO!!!!
@0:21 he did his mating call
Mother Nature said no
Mother Nature 2020
Damn
Those damn Ents again!
4 letters:\n\n\n\n\n\nGtfo!!
OPRAH WINFREY rectal cleansing.
Daaaaam!
Well, dam. (Double pun!)
Lum yeh mo yeh
Hey! Heeeeey!!!
WOOOOOH WOUAAAAH WOOOO OOOOOYY UUUHHH
Built ford tough...*washes away*
wow
Ocean Man getting dirty.
Como siempre...hay alguien que piensa más en sus vehículos que en su propia vida
This is so sad, but the woman screaming is so random
Ar first, it looked like shitty CGI, but damn!... shit got real
Im glad this shit happens!!!! Fuck all this mothefuckers trying to kill the ecosystem over money \n.
Why is that dumbass trying to drive away with a tractor or whatever that is and block the others way fucking cunt
Guys I know this has nothing todo do with the channel but there was an earthquake in México City yesterday and theres a lot of help needed if you could spreed the word would help a lot
ご無沙汰のような気がするのは　小生だけでしょうか…。字幕付いてて　良かった(*･ω･)
マックに最後に行ったの1年くらい前かも〜
BUSINEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS
Canadas 11 lol
#crosspromo  JK, love you guys :)
Swol af
That necklace is gorgeoussss
サムネの奥さん最高❗️
Interestingな動画ありがとうございます！Junさんは新しい英単語に出会ったときどのようにして習得していますか？難しい単語とかだと、なかなか同じ英単語を見かけないのでつぎ見たときには忘れてしまっています😵
水分自体は代謝を促すので、アメリカ人は炭酸をやめたらいいと思います。
I honestly screeaaaamed @ the fat bastard cameo
wow the quality of this video is crazy<3
That sad moment when you adore Rachel and Jun’s jewellery collection ((British Spelling)) but you’re a student so you can only admire from afar... 😍🌸
I think the main cause is the sugar intake from large amount of fizzy drinks, \nSugar is much worse than fried food and burgers
I laugh at myself. I'm living in America and am an American citizen myself yet I always use the term, American people.., usually related to food, because my family never eats out. Asian families lol
*looks in the mirror* Im surprised the average for SG is only 23.6...\n\n*looks at everyone in my class* Yeah... nvm XD
Jun is cute if he cuts his hair short
I fail to see the difference between the S and M size fries from McD's Japan. They look exactly the same. The Teritama Burger does look really good though haha.
Funny n very informative !! 👏 i love the effort !!
I was just gonna compare some cups \n               -Jun 2017\n lololol Rachel be really taking one for the team by going all the way spending 50 bucks!!! LOL
I love this!! So glad to see the differences between us. Tons of information as well. And if this was just a clever way to promote Jun's Kitchen I ain't even mad 😂
Sugar plays in the biggest role in making people fat and 2nd is genes.\n\nPS. Rachel is super hawt
The only time I eat out is ordering pizza and that rare. I really hate fast food.
I don't think the Japanese people eating out only once a week statement is right. A lot of Japanese people eat out but the cost is just cheaper than eating out in America
I don't usually spend a lot of money on jewelry or anything but I saw this collection and fell in love! I hope to get it soon💕
How do Japanese people have time to cook especially when they work till really late? My parents are both working (they usually come home at like 8) and I’m studying for my finals. We barely find time (to be honest I think we’re just lazy) to shop for groceries and cook on weekdays.
well even as a Canadian, I was surprised at how big the Large size Mcdonald Ice coffee is in the states, compared to the Canadian cup
The Japanese small cups are so cute like babies
Maybe someone already said this but I heard that the reason the french fries in Japan are higher in calories is because they're fried in beef fat instead of regular veg oil.  Thus making them fattier but also more delicious!
Are you going to post more now or...?
Great job, you two. But, I must ask. Does Jun's Kitchen® have any franchising opportunities? Me and my team of high-rolling investors are interested.
am i the only one who likes *jun in a suit*
But...but...what about all the vending machines, noodle shops, and eikeben?
I'm not even mad that I watched an almost 6 minutes add for Jun's kitchen
Truly a great video. can't imagine how hard it was to make. Thanks.
Its the same here and germany. Also whenever i go to my parents house in the uk. It super small, not that i eat outside anymore since im a vegan.
When you realize all this work and research was to advertise Juns kitchen
For some reason I didn't receive this video in my subscription box??
Also, there are laws in Japan that require a certain amount of fitness so people are more aware of the need to stay healthy. In America nothing forces people to be healthy so people just don't care. Especially in poor areas where it's cheaper to eat junk food than healthy food.
Just drink water instead of soda. Better to spend the calories on food and never liquid calories.
Although I do respect that every country has there own type of beauty but I find being that skinny is very unhealthy looking i prefer to have a strong body not looking sickly and dead. I prefer Ameeican man with a built body not some scrawny little boy looking type of man .No offence of course. Besides personality is what matters most!
Raaaaacheeellll, where did you get that pretty blue floral dress you are wearing? I love it so much. ;_;
Canada is similar but not as bad as America ... idk I was always skinny so maybe that's just genetics. I also don't drink as much when I eat as much as most ppl I know
That was a really weird transition from subject of the video to the self advertisement.\n\nThey were so out of place that they felt like a bit.
I absolutely love this! I like all of the details and research that was put in about the food, plus it was really fun to see all of the skits put into it. One of my favorite videos on this channel! (and I like Jun's Kitchen too haha)
Japanese all walk everywhere. They also have convenience stores that sell fast food that isn’t high in fat or calories. So if you are on the go, you have healthy options. Americans often only walk to their cars and back. Lack of movement and easy healthy options has a lot to do with it...
People say: go to Japan & you’ll lose weight.\nWhat a joke. Stop filling yourself garbage and you’ll lose weight.
my country is N86
now am hungry...
America is disgusting
4:08 so cute ohmygod
“swole af” 😂
OMG #41 in Trending CONGRATS!!!
 you have three seconds O.O wait whaatt?!? ... Omg i wouldve died.
Great video :-)
lol I like the shameless plug 😂
usa vs japan = morbidly obese vs skinny fat.
Merica... We want it all
aaaahhh i wanna Eda earings but i dont have holes !____!
who else saw Rachael immediately 😂
murican sodas are 89% ice tho
I never eat fast food and im still getting fat 😟
is that why there dicks are so small?
yea the Japanese are too busy working themselves to death or committing suicide to care about how much they eat LOL
i can kinda see not drinking while eating, i'm the same way but its more like i save the drink for last lol. Not sure why but unless i'm eating something very salty i normally take maybe 1 or 2 sips of my drink and thats it
The large US drink from BK is over a fucking litre wtf
Talks about food and see a cat\nI'm WEAK
I didn't ask for a history lesson lmao I thought it was just gonna be food
Those Japanese ads are creepy as fuck. Yes, Japanese people have slightly different bodies, but... It cannot possibly be anywhere *near* healthy, to look like that.
Thank you so much for making this! It was a great wake up call. I really need to stop eating junk and start cooking homemade meals
This was so cute and informative
i would like to see comparison with hongkong
Like if you think that Jun Looks Sexy @4:25 min
I received my smaller dangle earrings today. It is beautiful and I love it. Thanks
You forgot that when you get a soda like that it's filled 3/4 with ice
The Jun's Kitchen plug killed me xD xD Also, our drinks are huge!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Does Japan do free refills like America?
So the solution to all of this is jun's kitchen channel 😂
I love Jun and his cooking show.
It is true, my dad was thin in Japan and once we moved out of Japan, he gained a lot of weight and today he's OBESE!
Aewsome video! btw, it's not corporations so much that control prices it's consumers. If consumers don't buy a corps products those corps go away very quickly. we see it every day.
how can you not drink much when you have rice in every freaking meal??? i have to drink something with rice, no matter how its cooked -_-
The said part is not every American eats that many calories. Some people east double the amount of food or others is not triple. >.> I've tried to get friends to follow my example, but it is difficult. In their eyes they do not see that health=wealth.
Japanese beauty standards are ugly, no offense
Interested to see how Mos Burger size and calories are compared to the American chains. I had some when I was in Japan and it tasted better than McDs or BK IMO.
Where my Vietnam \nNo okay
That looked bad and I was expecting a joke when he said he cooks because there was a cat
If you interested in fast food and health topic, I recommend the documentary film titled 'Super size me'...
My boyfriend is Chinese and his family doesn't drink while they eat either they might have a cup of warm tea but that's it. I always feel odd being the only one with a glass of water.
NO, its not a waste of money!\nYES, the video is awesome!\n💋✔
The eatting out, I absolutely agree with as one of the reason Canada and USA have higher body fat. Like me personally I have to control myself to not buy food everyday. Like I am still chubby. But it baby steps. But it recommend to me by different specialty doctors and my family. I think because over here (I am from Canada) we are way too focus that we don't have time for anything and fast-food is just a quick way to get food. So that might be the reasons. I think that is why over here there is a trend of companies advertising their food as healthy too.
I'm Japanese and I'm fat lol
4:35 that stat seems like bs to me.\nI dont even know anyone that doesnt eat out EVERY DAY
School lunches are very important. If American public schools are contributing to obesity, it will set children on a course to have weight problems all their life. Slim children simply are far less likely to deal with weight problems later on so it's critical to start with a foundation of health for kids at school and home. I don't think American public schools are really studying other healthy country's school menus and trying to understand why they are the way they are. Instead they rely on their own ideas of nutrition which is often boring like salads. Fast food in America often does the same thing.... offer delicious hamburgers & fries... or a pitiful salad, misleading people to believe nutritious food is boring and gross. Although they have been improving on this somewhat in recent years by offering more nutritious options and banning trans fats.
WHAT AUSTRIA IS SECOND???? omg never knew that
Japanese ppl dunt eat out? I have friends in Tokyo and all they do is eat out and they are skinny as hell. As I just realized that's the guys from juns kitchen lol
Wtf in the magazines they look like Eugenia Cooney
Sorry but 4:19 looks like a porno xD
My family rarely eat out anyway 😂 \nWe don't like it as it's unhealthy
I don't know how I feel about the Asian guy talking about cooking good food with a cat sitting right in front of him
Coutiniho doesn't want to be at liverpool
If I'm honest I don't see it getting any better, the defence is tactically inapt and lack coordination.. 3 very trick games over the coming weeks, for that reason stability at the back is critical. They need to pick an agreed back 4 and stick with it, not chop and change every  game.. The players look terrified, that in my opinion is due to a lack of direction and confidence.. Worryingly I'm not sure they presently have the ability within the coaching staff to instil that belief..
Bitter scouse TWAT
It pisses me off SO much that every LFC supporter knew our Defense was the problem but for some reason Klopp and FSG dont try and improve that area! We NEED a new Keeper (we haven't had a decent keeper since Reina!) who breeds confidence in the Team and a NEW CB and LB!  I know we wanted VVD but come on! at least have a back-up! There are LOADS of players better than our CBs!
But Klopp has a great cup record tho doesnt he tho
All you deluded Liverpool fans who love Klopp need to realise hes has almost 2 years now to sort this defence out and if anything it is worse.  I dont just mean defending from our defence i mean all over the field. If we are not on our  A game with the pressure closing down type of football then we are a totally average team. Too much f**king around and changing the team all the time does no-1 any good. Cant understand why he thinks we can have 3 teams for each cup. We should have our first team no matter what and if anyone is injured then some1 gets the chance to step up and prove their worth!
This team has no world class player except mane
Next year will be our year
What is it with scousers playing the victim
Klopp and Wenger, need to share idea's.
Simple question, would Jose Mourinho still have a bad defense after two seasons transfer windows?
When are you scousers gonna realise that Klopp is just David Moyes with a German accent, glasses and yellow teeth
Its only game, why you have to be mad?
For years we are the nearly men, is it the players, managers or owner? Fsg out now ynwa.
Only thing coming out the 0151 is AYSTAR
We had a legendary defence: Hypia, Skrtel, Agger, Carragher, Riise, and Finnan. What on earth happened to our defence? Our defence took a turn for the worst about four seasons ago. Subsequently, it hasn't improved since. We need to optimise our defence primarily, not our attack or midfield. We already have a great attacking squad, however, our defence is dismal to say the least.
Create enough chances... 🤣\n\nDid he even watch the game or at least check the stats before he made this 🤣🤣🤣
arsenal: undefeated since ox left. Liverpool: haven't won a game. robbed you lot 😂😂
this is ur year
Hahahah faggot we'll beat you on Saturday too
we are nothing without firmino salah and mane
Why does no one understand how much work goes into getting a football team to consistently play good , ofcourse they should (play good) but when dickheads like this one and half the people in the comments blame a bad shot or 'we need mane to win' no team in history had a one man team
I miss the good sturridge
Ach not too fussed, we sabotaged it in order to win the CL, so no harm done! :P\n\nNa being serious, I thought we did look disjointed first half, with Ox not linking up too well yet, or Coutinho and Robertson linking up too well either, but we did create chances. Usually I defend Hendo, but he was absolutely rank last night it has to be said, he kept giving the ball away. Second half we looked like a team of individuals as well, which tbf most of the lads playing haven't played with each other much, but its still no excuse.\n\nOn the plus side, great seeing Ings back.
Seems as ox was the issue then 😂😂😂😂
Did u think ud beat a team of premiership champions with ur team of never will cos Gerrard slipped like a pussy bitches???
i miss my team of the 8o s  and 2001 trebble wining team we want dijmii !!! :0) the stig !!hurry up lala we miss your hunger weve gone soft!! :0(
Well that was fucking embarrassing wasn't it? This is what happens when you fail to sort out your defensive and team depth problems. I think it's looking like a trophyless top 10 finish again. Back the drawing board next summer.
And people need to stop overhyping our players after a couple good results\n\nGood bye hendo\nAnd if Klopp even thinks about playing keita and hendo
This is a fuckin joke now I can't see it getting any better why can't we win games without Mane ??????
It's my fault. I wasn't singing loud enough to improve our back four. Sorry Chris I will do better next time
This isn't just this season, it's been season in, season out.  It's become the 'Liverpool way'. Whenever I see possession heading over 60% if we don't have got a lead I fear a poor result.  I really don't get PC mandatorily going off after 45 mins.  Yes say to him, when you start to tire tell the bench, but him going off turned the game.  Robertson then lost the freedom he had and that closed off our main attacks.  Here's a question, what is more tiring for players, playing a run of games where you know your team mates and you give every game a good crack, or chopping and changing where you might be watching your mates lose on TV.  So few games into the season and it feels like f'ing Groundhog Day.  We have a house without foundations and season after season we seem to think that will bring success.  At the start of each season do FSG really want us to challenge, because after so few games, I don't think we will top the table at any stage this season unless others have games in hand.  I've followed this club for 40 years, the last 25 being utterly ropey.  Even the few successes we've had have largely been toss of a coin stuff. (Penalty shootouts). Leicester proved it doesn't have to be the most expensive players but the right players.  Generally our players have poor concentration and are generally weak in game phycology.  Bored of it.  Don't mind losing if it's because our best team have an off day, but sick to death of our club being a work in progress.  Klopp you want us to believe, then start earning your fat salary.
disappointing season after season come on were liverpool and not getting a trophy after a few season is a joke the fans deserve more than having to see every season these type of results just pathetic
I miss kolo and martin
I'm sorry but klopp relied on the second team and they didn't perform simple. Flanagan is garbage and should be nowhere near the premier league.  Woodburn always looks average and just loses the ball,  i don't see the hype.  He looks small,  slow and if he doesn't pass backwards he loses the ball. Average. \nEverything else wasn't too bad but we lacked talent when Phil went off.  \nHarry Wilson or Kent are better than Woodburn.  I remember when sterling came through he was actually good lol he took people on and showed class.  Woodburn hasn't. He scored a tap in and one in preseason.  Forget Wales when he hit one from a distance.  His overall play is poor.  And he is not a winger! \nHe is still young but I think in 45 mins if that was markovic he would have been slated.  He did nothing. We need to stop overrated average players especially scouse players.  Players like suso were much better at the same age. Suso btw would have been great last night but we let him go and become the main man at ac Milan..
it's a micky mouse trophy anyway..it's a blessing in disguise
Woodburn has great future ahead of him and am puzzled why he hasn't been making the bench because he looks like a first change for salah/mane.but taking couhtino off in what felt like a premeditated sub killed us,he was what knitted the midfield n attack together.the ox was erratic on his debut let's not judge him yet people.west ham been linked with cavallio had me thinking well surely klopp will pounce with Lucas n Stewart going smh.#3points on Saturday
Bitterly disappointing last night. Ultimately, we didn't deserve to go through after that second half performance. Okazaki came on and changed the game. Ward was excellent and Woodburn was very hungry. Solanke was great. Gomez was solid, apart from the goals of course. League Cup was never a priority, but at least it is one less excuse for Jürgen to use! At the end of the day, another chance of silverware gone - another one bites the dust! Just hopeful that we won't play like that on Saturday. Hope we can use this defeat as incentive to beat them on Saturday!\nC'mon Liverpool! We go again against Leicester City (again!) at the King Power Stadium back in the league! C'mon Redmen! #YNWA ⚽️🔴❤️
this is what happens when most transefer windows we sign shite or potential shite
We still don't have a top striker. Playing attacking midfielders as a striker ie firmino isn't the answer, unless we find the next Torres or Suarez then 100 shots and no goals will continue.
January has come early this season. It won't turn February until Mane comes back and Coutinho finds his range. But this defence is the most gruesome I can ever remember.
We Need The King To Return King Mane. Without Him We Are Shit.  We Need To Start Showing Are Main Man The Love We Show To The Likes Of The Old Guard. Becouse Believe It Or Not Mane He His The GLUE Of The Team. Watch When He Returns.
Pathetic.  The team lacks real leaders on the pitch.  O how I miss Carra and Bellamy.  Yes, Bellamy.  He was a leader on the pitch, especially up front.  I remember when Carra shouted at Arbeloa when he lost concentration during a match.  We don't have that.  A defensive leader would also help Simon and whoever else are between the posts.
Its become embarrassing we just throw this cup away and being realistic our only chance of a trophy its utter shit that alot of these players are played in a week what takes us a year or more to earn Im tired of hearing about the defence forget that even when we went a goal down were the fuck was our captain again gone missing blowing passes all over the place he has lost a truck load of pace and hes lost in midfield now a lot of kids on that pitch last nite looking for big players to help them and ge them up and nothing every senior player was nowhere to be seen and then on commentary isnt it great to see the senior players in the stand watching the game like would ye get fucked I still cant understand why these results shock me klopp has three games to put it right or he can fuck right off hes making.hodgson look good
Remember when ox wasnt a deal with was going to affect the lemar and VVD deals? good times... sold a lie as usual
We didn't play our best team last night, but the game on Saturday isn't gonna get easier. They are gonna bring back Maguire, Simpson, Schmeichel, Vardy and Mahrez and we haven't won at the King Power in the last three visits (including last night). The only good thing is we don't play at Anfield until October 14th. The way this team is playing atm, playing at home will only hurt them. We have three games until the international break to go out there and recover points in the league and bring our confidence back. Up the Reds.
FSG are the problem but nobody is listening
The biggest idiots of all this are the have faith in Klopp guys. Fucking retards, fucking bastards, fucking misery twats.
you wanker,a few weeks ago u were running your mouth,now u see how crap liverpool is?...anyway how is the Oxlade doing,are u still buzzing u signed him...lmfao
The big German cheerleader 😂😂😂😂😂😂 seriously tho he’s a fraud!!!!
The only good from this match is, Joe Gomez has finally played in CB! Oh, its better to watch him play rather than Klavan or Lovren. Also Henderson maybe need some rest, 'cause lately, his performance was so horrible, cant blame Klopp if in the January market we bought some good DM to replaced him
Let's try another way. Let's do the Pygmalion thing and everyone say we have a great defense.!!.. we have a great defense!!
Sick,is a understatement!!
Man of the first half!!!!! - what a phrase that is!!!
If we don't score within 30 minutes, we end losing most of the time.
Tbf you have champions league/Europa League along with the prem to focus on. This could be a blessing in disguise.
We are sad , u are changing ur opinion every game
Em what's the count now
MANE GOES OUT AND IT ALL GOES TO SHIT, AGAIN.
Never seen such a bunch of nearly-men as Liverpool. Still living off past glories after all these years.
Liverpool destroyed us first half with us only having 26% possession and no clear cut chance, we are used to defending with our backs to the wall and even won the league doing exactly that but even all us in the crowd were thinking ur goal was coming... You were unlucky tbh. That shocking corner (1 of many lol) by Ox that was MEGA powerful near post that managed to potentially concuss Ulloa was the difference as it forced GRINji Okazaki on and the energy was injected into us. Iborra was excellent second half, as was Dragovic both on their debuts. I thought you reds fans were another level of brilliant last night btw, to all you reds fans who weren't there last night they done you proud! They were noisey, well behaved and packed the away corner... You should be proud!!! We were lucky to win last night as it could've been 3-0 at half time, you reds fans shouldn't be too disheartened though as at times you played some PHENOMENAL football and we couldn't cope, you were just unlucky last night. We go again Saturday evening and no doubt in our minds you will give us a ridiculously tough time. All the best for your club for the future and hope you get the results you deserve.
Before blaming Klopp, it's important to understand why we didn't strengthen the defense. It could be because FSG were unwilling to spend (most likely scenario ). However if it was because we didn't have a list of targets then the manager should be held responsible.
No blaming the fans this time eh?
Loserpewl
Hahahahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ha Liverpool  are shit
What a snivelling partime reporter
😂😂😂 Scouse kints 😏😏 suck a dick 🦄🦄
Klopp OUT
Btec ArsenalFanTV
Liverpool looking very poor......
Klopp flop
*Are уоu lоокing fоr hot datеs in уour neighbоurhооd?*

KFOZbLzp68c,\n *Theу herе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=KFOZbLzp68c_964363
United!
Hahahahahahahaha scouser cunts
😂
Btec AFTV
You're fucking shit
GET A FUCKING DEFENDER
bring LVG....
Btec aftv
Henderson, klavan, solanke out!
klop out
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁👌👌👌👌👌👏👏👏😁😁😁🖕
KLOPP OUT!!
Klopp out! Enough is Enough :(
KLOPP FOR THE CHOP. PLEASEEEEEEEE
START WITH HENDO END WITH HENDO.. HE'S A FUKEN WANKER. HENDO IS A HEADLESS TWAT
The oxlade-chamberlein effect...
Bin dippers
(Y)ou'll (N)ever (W)in (A)nything ....27 YEARS!!!!!!
Klopp out,Wenger in
What a performance by the Ox. I’d say 40 million well spent 😉
leicester have done us a favour the league and champions league is are main target  the league cup and f.a. cup r a destraction
Hahahahah Liverpool are shit there a one man tram
'Didn't want to win that cup anyway' your first few words Chris. Sort it out, it's a cup, if you get to the final it's a day out for the fans, everyone else in the pub or at home watching with your mates and family, everyone gets a buzz including the players. LFC was built on winning and winning trophies, it make you a better player and want to win more.
When was the last time yous won a trophy? 😂😂😂
stop over reacting, frankly Liverpool are an average club and as such will only attract average players and managers. Sure you'll do ok this season, just don't expect to win anything cos you'll be disappointed.  (southampton supporter with realistic expectations)
Who gives a fuck it's entertaining that's all that matters I don't care if we win lose or draw it's entertainment I'm after, that's why I spend my money to watch them
Tomb Raider: The quest for missing Boobs
Jeremy - Review The Shawshank Redemption, for fuck's sake.
Yeah this looks like hot garbage.
It's gonna suck. That's what game movies do best.
I think it's a good idea to do reviews for trailers. So we know how to think when we see a trailer
say what you want about the original tomb raider movies but they were fun guilty pleasures. angelina jolie is lara croft to me. not this actress. she had the wit, charisma, charm of lara. alicia doesn't do it for me.
agree, looks s**t
I wasn't impressed with the trailer. Not sure why, it just doesn't look like it'll be very entertaining. I'll wait for a few more trailers before I pass a final judgement.
At what point will the entertainment industry realize that video game TV adaptations are the better way to go, critically speaking? The first season of Netflix Castlevania was awesome and incredibly promising, Sonic Boom got very enjoyable by the end of season 2, and the Pokémon TV show is...well, I don't know if it's still on the air, but it definitely has its appeal. So I say we stop making video game movies and just start making video game TV shows instead. I for one would happily welcome a Bioshock TV show
Thanks for going philosophical on us Jeremy! Great message!
It looks OK. To me this movie, in order to be good, should take a different approach and really focus on character, and the mythology. Let us get to know HER. Make her somebody we want to root for. That makes the action sequences work, when you put the character that we care about in peril. If it's just all bullshit one-liners and one cartoon physics action sequence after another, then it'll suck.
The best part was 3:15
It looks straight up awful.  The plot set up with her father asking her to basically go get herself killed to save the world from a Mcguffin . . . That sounds atrocious.
I'm totally with Jeremy on this one.  Saw the trailer, even left a comment.  Where the hell is the survivor aspect?  The point of the reboot of the game in 2013 was to start Lara fresh as just an athletic student who wants to follow her father's footstep because she believed that her dad wasn't crazy like the world said, and she's out looking for what her father has seen.  She didn't go out to there because her dad ask her to stop the bad guys!
2:04-2:13 Did the guy who's bent over to every MCU film & Star Wars cash grab just say that. Smfh
Dissapointed, typical big bad group destroy world, only you can stop them Like how do they expect that to be thrilling to the viewer? we've seen it done a billion times and especially when there's next to no world building why should we care so much? Maybe one day scriptwriters will realise scale isn't everything. Although i expect the action to be good
It looks awful. The Tomb Raider reboot is one of my favorite games. They changed Lara for the better, in my humble opinion. She started out that game as a normal woman and ended it as the ultimate survivor. And it was awesome seeing that change happen progressively, and I was really hoping that was the tone they were going for. But no, it looks like they had someone look at a supercut on YouTube of various badass moments from the game and built a script around that. I don't understand it. When Hollywood wants to make a good book adaptation, they look at what made the book great, and build the script around that. Changing what they have to, but if it ends up well, it keeps the spirit of that book while turning out a good movie. Same with comics, older tv shows, etc. But for some reason, they don't think they have to put as much effort when making movies based on video games and anime and I don't get why.
Wow, the behind the scenes trailer is SO MUCH BETTER at most any level than this one that it doesn't even makes sense they would go with the one they went.
The studios are like your dogs. We think they've learned not to shit on the carpet, but they do it when we aren't looking.
The definition of insanity is doing the exact same thing over and over again expecting a different result
Resident Evil 4 could be made into solid 2 good movies
Yeah yeah whatever, mlp movie in like 2 weeks, can't wait for you to give it a good review! :D
she does have the skills. I'm not excited either but I don't like when people are misinformed about her background
Dang it! I was so pumped about this being real and gritty like the new games, but once again they missed their mark. I hope the movie will be better than the trailer. Having said that I'll probably still see it since I love the actress and tomb raider games.
I thought it was a good trailer
I'm more concerned that her face doesn't look the part than her breasts size..
I'm kinda not sure about this movie
Jeremy got poetic af at the end lol
in the games lara struggles when fighting enemies she barely escapes some situations in this trailer the enemies are running from her being true to the game meaning pleasing the fans but making the critics upset the opposite way making us hate the movie but pleasing the critics games tend to have more freedom but movies there is a line on how much a directors can be free of pressure i get it its their living there is some directors who can make a good videogame movie from their boldness of story telling
🙄 give it a chance bro. And I was expecting assassins Creed to be shit. It could have had Denzel Washington in it
I like her look for Lara, but this looks very commercial and mainstream.
I expected the trailer to be awesome. General rule: trailers are epic and the film is terrible. If the trailer can't even manage to be epic, then why even bother watching the film?
Kek (＊¯艸¯) Have you play all versions of vid game on “Tomb Raider” ??? I played the hell out of it up til the one on PS 2 & the last film that had Angie in was so good implementing every crucial marks in the game. Most importantly the film was made in the tradition of “Indiana Jones”. I suppose this one copies most recent games ... ? I really hope everything turns out great for Vikander Y’know ???
Maybe the movie starts off when she's young and you do see her growth before her father dies!
Just because it's a video game movie doesn't mean you cgi the shit out of it
She's not even hot like Lara. This movie is gonna suck.
wow...video game movies seem to have really hurt jeremy.
Why are we posting another trailer review?? Better invest in actual things that are theathers or spoiler reviews. Rather wanted a LEGO NINJA GO review than this. Seriously!
It looks like every other video game movie, its just a lamer imitation of other better films.\n\nThe same way videogames based on movies look like lame imitations of other better videogames.\n\nThese two mediums are not compatible, they are the oil and water of the entertainment industry, they can simply not be mixed together.
Has a actual trailer before Star Wars xD
Do you even play the Tomb Raider games?
Thank u Jeremy.  I feel the same.  Same-o.
I need to see the next trailer to convince me ....
I mean I want to be optimistic BUT Jeremy does have a point.
DUDE gypsy danger love the pacific rim reference.
I am pretty excited for it...I just hope they don't fuck this up (like every other fucking video game movie up until now)
Nice touch with the Fassbender reference!
Seems interesting but its the exact story of Tomb Raider, with a bit of Rise of the Tomb Raider thrown in there, you even see half of the action pieces being the same. If they decide to focus so much on the beginning of the story, it will take at least a trilogy to tell the story of this game alone... I can already tell that they will make the same mistake they always make
I guess Angelina Jolie was better in this role and it is hard to replace her, but maybe we just must c the movie to judge
Jeremy, you just nailed it! Video Games movies always let me down, so why bother to get excited about it?
When there is no good movies out and you have to start posting reviews of trailers......
are you planning on reviewing the flash season 3?
I’ve never read a comment section this pathetic and sad, and that’s saying something. Not a single word about the trailer, just endless tirades about Angelina Jolie and tits. You fat virgins don’t deserve good movies.
Don't care about movie. I need holodeck shirt.
Can we please see more of your dogs 😂
It looked promising to me actually
Jermy review Star Wars Rebels Season 3 it has Thrawn in it and it's out on DVD and blu ray
Im with Jeremy on this one
The lesson I got from this: when Jeremy isn't looking lets go see video game movies and shit on his carpet.
You're dogs are named after a Jaeger, that's freakin awesome!
It would be better as a Netflix series.
Neill Blomkamp Halo movie, the new games are just not great quality anymore.
Yes she's a good actress, but tomb raider? She's not attractive enough for this role. Angelina was a goddess at the time, but this chick?... they should of got the chick who did the new mummy movie
Hitman did it, didn't work out\n\nTomb Raider is going to do it, most likely it wouldn't work out
We will never get a good video game movie. This is the communities punishment for not supporting Scott Pilgrim when it first came out in theaters!
Looks okay, the slow mo shots look just like the game's QTEs.
Video game movies almost always disappoint because video games are a superior story telling medium. They have a greater capacity for character development due to a lack of time constraints, and now there aren't even visual constraints.
jeremy was right, the movie looks gonna sucks...., the lara croft breast is not big like in the game, btw.
We had FOUR video game movies last year and they all sucked! Video game movies are destined to suck!
I can't wait to see Lara Croft back on the BIG screen again! 😊🙏🏽
Dang this didn’t show in my notifications
The sound design to the trailer ruined it for me and there were just to many slow mo jumps and moans.
I personally always approached Tomb Raider as comic book movies. Lara Croft felt like a badass chick who was a dual-wielding treasure hunter.\n\nI honestly don’t care about an origin movie. The stuff she pulls off in this trailer should tell you that you should not take it too seriously or that she is indeed an accomplished tomb raider.
Looks ok!! Am waiting until it comes out!! Then I will judge it!!!
The film looks like a real plot unlike video games that fake plots.
I'm gonna call it. It's all about the body........voluptuous yet strong, with tits to die for. Alicia is kinda flat, and kinda like a tomboy. Is this meant to appeal more to the female demographic? I don't get it.
Your dogs. \n\nAre named. \n\nGypsy.\n\nAnd Danger...\n\nI love you.
Yeah its the 2012 video game
They're not reinventing the wheel here. But more action movies with female leads I'm all in.
To hell with this reboot crap anyway. This is not Tomb Raider and not Lara Croft, and it will never be.
Your dog shits when you're gone because you yelled at them, so now they think you just don't want to see it. Yell and point at the shit and say, that's out side! Then take the dog outside. After a few accidents the dog will realize you want them to shit outside.
Now they do it while I'm gone killed me 😂😂
Congrats to Jeremy for being on trending
Do a review on the punisher trailer
Do a top ten video game movie video please
You named your dogs Gypsy and Danger. Props
Cute dogs
Gipsy Danger!
NETFLIX PUNISHER TRAILER. REVIEW IT!!!!
I love your t-shirt!
Your dogs are sooooo cute.
bro, NICE SHIRT lmao
They better get skyrim right!!
Ass creed WAS...NOT...BAD.
Review the Punisher trailer!!
Gypsy and Danger. Bravo Jeremy. Bravo
#Notmylaracroft\n:(
Awesome freaking dog names John, coodoes
lol, love your shirt. :)
React to The Punisher trailer!
How is Eric only 16?????
The men look super hot
I'm sure all deslikers are jelous
why this video clip like He Like That????
0:52 - that boy is born in 2001 , WTF !! :o
Hi can you subscribe to my channel.:(
LEIGH ANNE TRYING TO SPEAK SPANISH AS GOOD AS SHE CAN IS ADORABLE AS FUCK!
Little mix has changed a lot and they are developing like anything... Some day there will be no other band than little mix
I wish if little mix want me to go all alone
Shook
I know most of the comments gon be in Spanish and I don't speak fucking Spanish but I love the language 🇪🇸
Jessie was a little to comfortable in this video.\nYikes.
spanish songs are great! no need to collab from these hollywoodies. and the credit will go to the English music. just like what happened to despacito.
0:54 she is the definition of fucking hot through out the whole video! Oh man.
If only the boy group didn't look like boys
This is one of their best videos
The guya of cnco are really handsome particularly Christopher Velez
This song is my Jam🎶🎶🎶❤️
i do love this, i love jes and jade
was i the only one who got mad bc i clock perrie's glue lashes? like dayum got me fucked up
Oh my god I am a fan of both cnco and little mix and I kept saying how they had to do a song together and now that they did Reggaeton lento I am so happy they honestly did such a great job
I'm shook omg look at my queens 🌹🌷🌻🌸❤i love her 🕯
https://youtu.be/wq7ftOZBy0E This song is cool too, check this !!!
Omggggggggggg I've been waiting for this!!!!!
MIXERS LET'S GET THIS TO 1 BILLION❤❤🌸🔥👑
I Love little mix and now I'm in love with CNCO 2  Joel he's sooo Hot i like him ( 0:22 )
The mv is all about the girl in red 😐😐
Surprised damn. I love when the first I saw these video. so hot
Ain’t no one gonna talk about Jesy at 1:00 ?
I'm not a mixer but I like this anyways
Oh they boys are really cute I ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ them
Why doesn't this have 1 billion views yet!!!
They won’t stop us slaying us 💕🔥✨
No Words Just Owsm This Song is Even i Dont Understand It But it is Awsm im Indian👌👌👌
La mirada de chris y erick me mata😻😻
Where are Jade lovers at? :) <3
Mom likes CNCO and I like little mix  our likes are combined!  ☺☺☺
COME ON 10m viewe
Maldito somo latino no gueremo inglese agui cncower sevan adejar guitar a cnco de ingle??
Love love love
CNCO, Little Mix - Reggaetón
I LOVE JADE
pump, jesy. pump
1:00 that boobs just gave me life OMG JESYYYYY IM SHOOKETH!!!😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥
Ayeee this is lit !!!
JOEL & JADE 😩❤️😍
Me encantan🤤😍
booooooooooooooooooord de mer ! *_*
Cnco❤❤
JOEL  <3 🔥 💘💘
omg💙💙 leigh anne 💙💙 i love youuu
Dayum Jesy is killin it!!!
Jesy is like goals 👌🏻
Fireeee
No mamen las boob de Jessy 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Joel is fucking cute😭😍
here for this!
Soy yo o sale ana ovalles 💝❤🙈
Perrie Oh gosh Your amazing girl!!Nice song!!
I got chills
yo queens on fire 🔥🔥🔥
trauma
🔥🔥
JESY IS SUCH A BIAS WRECKERRR 😫
ma boys be lookin gooooood
Mi encanta
Omgg los amoo
Joel 😍😍😍😍 tu mirada me mata 😍😍😍😍😍😙😙❤
JESSSSSSS IM SHOOK SHE LOOKS SO HOT
Diosssss Joel y Jade 😍😍💘💘
Hinoooooooooo! ♥♥♥♥♥
Better than Despashito
perrie
00:59 🙈👸 jesy😍
There are 5 and 5....
ilove you idol
Movimientos de senos 😂\nCNCO😍
LOVE IT!
Wow super😍
Jesy you're FIRE GIRL.
2.18 jade is soo prettyy
This is very addicting 💓
Jesy is body goals😻😻😻
CNCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jesy 😍
0:52 - 1:02 😍😍😍
Slayin' again ❤️❤️❤️
Erick Colon no se que te hicieron pero sales increíblemente más guapo de lo normal, me gusto la collab pero la presentación de ellas en el video no me gustó,  de ahí en fuera estuvo super bien
Supongo que este es el vídeo original de la colaboración  porque lo he estado buscando mucho tiempo
Jade y Joel son perfectos. El rey la y la Reina 👑👸
2:07 LA VOZ DE LA CHICA!!!😭👏👏 ME ENAMORÉ! cómo se llama esa morena?
Estoy super orgullosa de los chicos ojala sigan asi
No se ingles pero hay la estoy cantando como locaaa aja xbb
MI COMBINACIÓN FAV! Conozco de antes a Little Mix pero CNCO también me encanta y que mis dos bandas favoritas hagan un remix es comoo..... 💥💥POAHH💥💥
No entiendo como pueden ver Mixers que andan diciendo que los chicos dañaron el vídeo. Amores la música es de ellos, sin ellos no hay vídeo.
Little mix is sluts tbh.. I'm here for cnco
q cagada
Love it, who is the dude in the white ?
Hey guysss can i get the info of the boys at 1:01 and 1:04 please????
20,000 dislikes ? \n\nAbcdeeee......Fuck You
Must be six times but I'm about done having to bloody stop and start lol! YOU LOOK GORGEOUS! AND MAKE A PTSD VIDEO!
A candle filing system 😂 so do I!! Finally someone who gets it haha x
This happened to me as well Louise. All I can say is that as awful as it is.....it will go away. Im sorry you are having to experience this. Xoxo
Put the candle in the freezer for 30 minutes to an hour....When you take it out it should have contracted  and will fall right out. I just did one the other day, it took mine about an hour.
I suffered terribly with anxiety when I was pregnant, I constantly had intrusive thoughts about something awful happening to my other children, it was exhausting and I felt so down and unwell with it but I am happy to say, it did resolve once I'd had baby, it did take about a month to calm down once I'd had him but it did stop x x x
put boiling water over the candle and then scrub after a bit to get the wax out!
You always apologize for saying negative things but it makes you a real human if it was all rainbows and candy floss I would think you were a phoney, I have an almost 6 year old and pretty much had to stop watching the news once she was born, I can definitely get caught up with worries that are mad. Always appreciate your honesty!
Hi Louise - this'll probably get lost in the sea of comments but I'm 18 years old and I suffer from PTSD from when my fiancé went into hospital and I know how horrible this illness is and how much it can affect you - I think my top tips are to ground yourself and to know you've got over this once before and that you can again!! It's hard to stay positive but it's all about the mindset and you control your own brain - thank you for talking about it I feel better knowing I'm not alone <3
Someone's probably already said this but I put any sort of wax in the freezer to get it out of the container. If it doesn't pop right out after tipping it over, you can use a butter knife to lightly break it up into a few pieces! 😊
How do you tell the difference between the kittens like they are full on identical 😂 (and totally adorable!!!) ❤
I LOVE you, Louise xx
to remove wax from a candle you should put it in a freezer and then get the wax out with a knife :) never done it myself but i saw Ingrid Nilsen do it in one of her vids
@brummymummyof2 I have a candle filing system as well! I thought I was the only one!
*Liam present* how are one of those picture frames that have scan 1 scan 2 and now I'm here for him of baby pentland and maybe a experience day somewhere
I adore the mad af cat woman vibe you've got going on. This is very #goals
Hi louise, by the sounds of it I had a similar birth of my first child also 6 years ago. I have just had my second baby 8 weeks ago and the birth was totally different and much more of a positive experience. Just wanted to reach out to say every birth is different. Message me if you want to chat x
As someone who uses candle glasses for drinking glasses (poor student life lmao) pour some boiling water into the glass and then set it in a bowl or a sink with hot water until the wax loosens up and you can basically take it out then wash it multiple times
You should be feeling really good for talking about ptsd after birth. It's really important for women to talk about, we want women to have a positive birth experience. Just remember you can do this 🙌🏻
that emma lady seems like a nasty person?
hair is very pink and cute kittens!!
For a present idea for Liam: for my boyfriend last year I got him a personalised wallet with his initials on (from notonthehighstreet.com) and also a little cute metal insert (also from notonthehighstreet) with a lovely message on to keep inside :)
Please don't apologize for talking about things that are happening in your life, even if it's not 100% happy. Save the filters for Instagram, we come here to see your real life.  :) Also, you might be experiencing some depression and anxiety from pregnancy hormones. It can really mess with your head. Sometimes it goes away after baby comes, but sometimes it can linger. Either way it's a good idea to talk to your midwife about it so she can help.
I had the exact same thoughts when i was expecting with my 2nd! X
put the container in the fridge :)
'What do you think of the red vibes? Does it make you feel like your about to get murdered or are in a brothel?' 😂
I love the pink hair!
Hey Louise, I'm 34 and maybe one of your oldest viewers but wanted to comment and say I love your videos.  Been watching you for years (that sounds creepy....) but I am also training to become a counsellor at the moment and I loved hearing you found CBT helpful, counselling really is amazing and I highly recommend it to everyone! Luv u x
Please keep the pink hair 🙌
Congratulations
I love doing puzzles too
You're really funny
Put the burned out candle in the freezer. Wax will pop out x
Love the pink hair it really suits you  I'm a new subscriber love your videos xx
I could never have children I would definitely not trust other people because they definitely don't have your best interests and your being completely rational about this
Where is your lovely black and white star jumper from Louise? x
I need a video on Emma's candle filling system 😂
LOVE the pink hair. And I agree with Em - you are doing a WONDERFUL job. Also love the mini Si quote at Homesense! xx
Love this vlog but did anyone feel like it ended abruptly?
an idea for the baby name reveal, you could carve her name into a pumpkin for halloween then put a candle in? just a suggestion x
I think the best way to get someone a good gift is to note in your mind what they want or need. For example, I had no idea what to get my step mum for her birthday this year. But when I visited her she was complaining about having too little mugs, and that they were black on the inside so she couldn't see when the tea was brewed to her taste. I remembered that and got her some cute ones with white on the inside. She was thrilled! For my boyfriend's birthday, I got him a nice sweatshirt I thought would suit him, and a fancy chocolate powder drink I saw him pick up in the store. It was too expensive for him so he didn't get it, even though he wanted to. He also lives outside my city, so he travels pretty much every weekend for 3-4 hours straight to see me (we both study), so I got him a traveling pillow so he'd be more comfy. So if Liam wants or needs new nice clothes, I think that would be the perfect gift!
Velvet Teddy has never looked good on me because I'm Blonde, but Honey Love which is a similar colour looks fab!
I love how your vlogs are such a mix of emotions and discussions about things that you are going through. I agree it is so important to talk about how you're feeling so they are an accurate portrayal of real life. It's why I watch you religiously 💜 love your hair and the kittens just melt my heart! And finally, to get the wax out of your old candle jars, fill them with boiling water and the wax will melt and float to the surface. Then you get a clean jar and a wax melt that you can use as well. It sometimes takes a couple of goes, but it does work.  👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
To get the wax out you just have to freeze the entire candle and it should pop right out!! Love you Louise <3
You have the best sense of humour I've ever witnessed aha
Is Liam into cars? You could get him a supercar racing experience, I got my boyfriend that for his 18th several years ago now, you can pick how many cars they drive and what ones - he always talks about how much he loved it! I found mine on Red Letter Days! Hope this is helpful :D
I love mildreds, they do good food and cocktails
i love the pink hair would love to dye my hair this colour but i dont think i would suit it ! x
Maybe you could get something from Ted Baker which would suit Liam. Xxx PS LOVE the hair
I love you Louise and you are a marvelous human being! Keep being lovely!
literally saw lindsey kelk in the thumbnail and couldn't click fast enough
Don't know if you got the answer about you candle but put it in the freezer! The wax will pop right out.
Before you put the candle into the jar add a little water to the jar and it pops right out when your done with burning it😁
You with Emma is like the best thing ever! Your joy is infectious!
Wait, I might be completely wrong, but aren't you not supposed to dye your hair whilst pregnant?
I love you and Emma together lmao I was crying laughing !
I absolutely love the fact that you debated with yourself on how to pronounce pecan. Also, my granny always said how you pronounce it depended on how much you paid for them lol.
Very easy, heat your water not to boil, and wait a bit, so it's not too hot... then put your glass jar in the hot water, with the opening up, don't let the water go into your candle area.. once warm,  pour out and or wipe out the wax.  Clean and Done...   love you, and leave all your fears to GOD, he will take care of you, just know you will have a beautiful bouncy baby soon.  And God has it all under control.  love the kitties!
Please make sure you´re having enough omega3!!
Darcy's growing up so much
You are absolutely rocking the pink hair Louise! 😍
I just wanted to say thank you for recommending the Alpha course. I attended the first week tonight with my sister and I'm so glad I went! xo
Put the jar in the freezer upside down for a few hours or overnight. Wax may fall out on its own if not u can tap the wax and it should pop out
Really look forward to your vlogs every week
Louise have you checked at your old house for Zula? He may have gone back. I've had cats who have travelled many km's back to old houses.
Get a bowl and put boiling water in it the the candle then wait for it to melt the pour it out☺
I could buy you a bed with that voucher, then you wouldn't have to sleep on the voucher XD
Louise reminds me so much of Adele !
wheres zula
a massive pink haired bellend lmao
Best shopping vlog ever!!!  Laughed till I cried!
Louise u look beautiful and glamorous!!! Especially the the pink hair xx and being pregnant looks fine toooo it's human nature 😂
If you heat the glass and melt the wax...very carefully because the glass will get hot and then use cotton balls to soak up the wax that works for me :)
No judging here I love puzzles!!!! I was going to get a Disney one too the other day now you've convinced me I really should!!!
This is my favourite weekly vlog yet! I laughed so much at the Home Sense section!xxx
great product and great price. you can use Argan Rain Shampoo safely.  you can thank me later.
My hair is slightly more purple than pink but it's still pretty colourful - can I join the pink hair gang?
This vlog is so pink, I love it :D
Put the candle in the freezer and the wax should just pop out with a knife. I've done it before with melted wax on trays and it works really well.
Why u celebrating Halloween so early? Xx
For lovely positive birth experiences - INa May Gaskin's Guide To Childbirth - this woman is the Florence Nightengale of midwifery and has overseen thousands of births since the 70s, and she makes it all so beautiful, natural, and satisfying.  Also, you have to watch Emily Norris birth video, I mean you'll want to have the baby right on your sofa I promise.
Can I suggest cutting down on sugar it can give you nightmares.  I had to do it with my oldest son he never really has nightmares now.
I want friends that come over to eat drink and do puzzles!!! 😭
Best way to get wax out of candle holders is to put them in the freezer, after that wax should be easy to remove :) Once you've got the main wax out of the jar, you can use a bit of vinegar to get any small bits off the side x
I'd put your candle in the freezer for a few hours, that way you can use knife to pop the wax out easily. You can use nail polish remover to get the wicks out if they don't come out with the wax. Good luck!
More adverts than an itv period drama but still worth it 😉 #mumagottamakeabuck
what about a guitar case for liam? x
I get the wax out of old candles by simply pouring boiled water into them and then you poor the water out over the sink through like 5 or 6 pieces of paper towel. The paper towel should collect the wax so it doesn't go down the sink. You can then pour more hot water back in and then wipe the inside clean of wax with more paper towel. The wicks can be removed from the bottom when the hot water is in there with a knife or something. Hope that made sense! xxxx
When are we going to see Liam❔❔❔
I had to empty loads of candle jars to use as sweet jars for our wedding. The easiest way I found was to stick them in the freezer overnight and then you can pop the leftover wax out if you loosen it with a knife.
I'm in love with you 2 mummy's 😍❤️
*Аre уоu lоoking fоr hot dаtеs in уour nеighbourhооd?*

AsQgxPjhqXU,\n *They hеre ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=AsQgxPjhqXU_982921
you look like rose quarts!^^
Awww kitties 🐱
A watch??? For Liam???
Love love love your pink hair!!!
Do you guys have air conditioners in your homes in the U.K.?
Counselling? I go regularly so things that keep coming to me & upsetting me can be dealt with before it gets any more. I had postnatal depression so have to keep on top of my low moods.
Hey Louise. Have you ever thought of trying Cognitive Behavioural Therapy? That could maybe help your negative/intrusive thoughts x I admire you for being so open in the vlogs x love your hair!
lose some weight pig
Wait I swear most Tottenham players have said eric dier has a bad dress sense
Son Heung Min seems like a legit nice guy.
2:56 that voice crack
best fashion sense - Eric Dier (nominated by himself)
anyone else just completely forget to read what the hell theyre talking about
Eric Dier He Should Be The Fashion Fail
They call me chip diddy chip I don't tolerate lip diddy lip\nIf you know you know
Looks like a tramp
I'm getting San Andreas vibes in this vid ..
Wait😂 did man say lamela got shit fashion sense because he come to his house in loubs?😂
I think Kane's music choice will be proper shit
Dier tryna say lamela has shit dress sense because he came to his house in loubs
Tubes loves that polo
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
1st
I like this series but I'd like it even more if you didn't just do it with players that only play for spurs
Came from a Eric dier ad to a Eric dier vid
What's the intro song
Is it a coincidence that I got an ad with Eric dier in just before this video
*Аre уоu loокing for hot dаtes in yоur nеighbоurhood?*

GlqXtCOaKb4,\n *They here ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=GlqXtCOaKb4_916326
Hemung min son what a marvellous name.
Most underrated player in the league is Dembele
3:12 is CREEPY AF
i press like because the soundtrack
Why are they only interviewing spurs players everyone knows their answers
Who the even fuck is this
This shit is so repetitive now
Do 1 with pogba
Lamela wearing loubs how is that fashion fail
Get players from different teams 😪
Tubes looks so awkward interviewing people. Big babboons red arse face on him
You have could have interviewed any other spurs player and u choose eric fucking diet. This guy's personality is equivalent to a brick.
I love Eric dierrrrr, Eric dierrrrr loves meeeeee
Arse fans disliked
has he ever got u? nah never
Do more teammate 2.0
Funny is that everyone says that he is the fashion fail
Mad
Hugo son! Hugo son! Hugo son!
Footballers are so un-interesting off the pitch
sunshine
2nd
Subscribe for exclusive football content
Does anyone know the intro music? I heard that before ages ago
I got an advert with Eric dier in it b4 the vid Lol
anybody else notice Eric's voice break
This cunt comes from where i live
Tottenham's next game will be a nightmare.
Can you make a crayons a big one
NOT THE RED CROSS....if any one decides to donate to them donate blood!
Just wing it, wing it , WING IT wing it
Dammit yo, now I want an actual bake potato 🥔 😂😂 btw could you make a Harry Potter themed cake
Collab with man about cake !!!!!!
#wingit ....love you do much !
#cakeadifference Children's Hospital Colorado! My son was born with a cyst on his lungs and the Denver Children's Hospital helped me throughout my pregnancy and with my sons surgery when he was was only 4 months old!!! I've never met a more strong little boy!!!
That's an awesome giant baked po-cake-o! #cheese #butter #bacon # onion #coleslaw
#potatosurgeon
https://youtu.be/BjSio8jur2Y Jesus loves you. John 3:16 John 3:17 John 3:18 He will by no means cast out all who come to Him. Because the Father has sent them. Jesus stands at the door and knocks. Whoever answers he'll come in and eat with them, and they with Him. Now is the day of salavtion says the Lord. The Lord almighty Says He knows not one other. God is the true God. All else Is a lie if it doesn't point to the cross. All things hold together through Christ Jesus the Lord. 1 Colossians 17
There has been 8 fruit/vegetable cakes (potato,strawberry,pineapple,apple,watermelon,avocado,carrot,pumpkin   )
My grandmother  in Florida
Can you cake a pack of twizzlers or peanut M&Ms??? 😋😋
YOU DIDN'T USE A RULER IN THIS VIDEO 😱
When you said how to wing it, I instantly thought of chicken wings. You should definitely cake a plate of chicken wings.
Make mini cakes like I mean tiny cakes
#wing it
You should make lungs for Halloween this year. Since you've done a brain and a heart.
Could you donate to Mexico? With the recent earthquakes one in September 9 which is the strongest registered in a century and the other at 1:15 pm on September 19 there's been buildings collapsing everywhere and we need help my school is next to the school that collapsed with kids inside (Colegio Enrique Rebsamen was destroyed) and you don't know how terrible it was hearing them scream crying for help and hearing the school collapse while seeing your teachers and classmates falling down and crying and no one could contact their families it was pure chaos. I would love to see you make a video with the Mexican flag and on September 16 was the Independence Day. #StayStrongMexico. You can donate to the Mexican Topos they are a rescue group.
#chili\n#spaghetti sauce
Whatever you do, DO NOT donate to Red Cross. They abuse the money they get. I'm not sure of the names of the other ones, but any of them EXCEPT Red Cross.
I do bacon BBQ sauce and sour cream and butter
does anyone know how much ended up being donated?
Please donate to Puerto Rico hurricane Maria destroyed my home town every one will be powerless for months 😔🙏🏻 love your videos and love youuu ❤️❤️💘❤️💘🙏🏻
#CHILLIBUTTERSALTANDPEPPER
Lord of the Rings/Hobbit cake!
#butter #cheese #salt #pepper I know pretty plain 🤷🏽‍♀️
It's great that we're helping the people in Texas and Florida, but most people don't know about the flooding in India. People there are dying and losing everything they have and they don't have any help. If you could find a way to help them that would be awesome! I wish they showed things like that on the news more.
Please help mexico, an earthquake has devastated us and the government is not helping at all
I think there should be honest there are usually onions on baked potatoes well that's my tradition
fun raise for caritas!!
#potatosurgen
Please pay me for college tuition paypal.me/jackied26
Hamilton cake plz
And Mexico, México is  destroyed from an earthquake
Potato castle-roll
Houston hurricane Harvey
Please, just do not donate to the Red Cross!!
Wy do we never sea youre son?????☺😀😍😻
Can you make a spongebob cake
#wingit
Hurricane Irma,Matthew,Harvey
and cheese
Aww! The ONE time I don't watch one of your videos within the first 48 hours! 😭 Amazing of you to do that though 💗
#wing it
Please donate to topos organization in Mexico, these people is rescuing the ones that are trapped inside of the fallen buildings🇲🇽🙏 it will be so helpful to the Mexican people.
You should do a Jack Skellington or Tim Burton related cake for Halloween!!!
Hey Yolanda you should make a huge cheese cake
from ga thanks yall for donating 💝
this reminds me of caleb from bratayley
mexico 7.1 earthquake victims  (september 19 2017) we need help!
#butter#greenonions#cheese#sourcream#garlicsalt
#wingit
#wingit
Go anywhere EXCEPT the Red Cross!!!
#anythingthathasnothongtodowithcakeonlypotatoes
Make a pumpkin cake please!
Am I the only one who gets upset when I watch other people make cake and they don't crumb coat and chill \n😅😅😅😅🤔
You are amazing! I love the ninja cake!
#patatosurgen
Love you so much but I never have any of the ingredients to make the cakes WHY LORD WHY!!!!!
#CHEESEBUTTERSALTANDBACONSBITS #ORIGINALSON #THESESHASHTAGSAREBOTHLONGANDKINDAANNOYING
Make a cake that looks like Louise from bobs burgers
Can you make mini cakes please??
st.judes
Open up the potato and coat it with butter, then lay bacon around the inside, put a dollop of sour cream in the middle, and stuff with steamed broccoli. Drizzle with nacho cheese and another dollop of sour cream
US Virgin Islands need help
I do put carrots on ice
GIANT HOGWARTS CAKE
You should make a big pumpkin cake!!
pumpkin
tasting ur cake week after week must be so boring cz all u make is either  ur ULTIMATE  vanilla cake or ur ULTIMATE chocolate cake..i mean the design are all exciting but in the end they all taste the same
Yo make a tomato
Potatoes already have eyes soo...
#wingit
#ilovepotatoeverything
#sourcream #greenonions #chedderchesse
#wingit
#Wingit!
I put french fries and potato chips on my baked potato :D
Do something Rick and Morty themed. LIKE IF U AGREE😁
#cinduvwingit
Wait a minute... was there a ruler in this video?!
she did not use a ruler on the cake
Pumpkin spice coffee cake
Hey, my name is Melissa and I'm from Mexico City \nTwo days ago an earthquake devastated the city and now there are many people who could really need the money.\nI, like many other teenagers, was at school when it all happened; it happened so fast I really didn't know what was happening, until I saw people crying, shouting and, even worst, bleeding in the ground. My school, Tecnológico de Monterrey - Campus Ciudad de México, was really affected and 5 students died.\nOther schools were also very afectes by this, like the elementary school Enrique Rébsamen, in which many children are still trapped almost 48 hours later. \nI, as a Mexican, am doing all I can like the rest of my partners and nation, and we could really use that money to help us rebuild our schools, our homes. Please take this into a consideration, any amount you can help with counts.\nIf you're any other person reading this, help me spread this call for help.\nYou can help us through the following websites and organizations:\n\n•http://comoayudar.mx\n•Cruz Roja Mexicana \n•http://donar.tec.mx\n\nThank you very much for reading this, and for all your help.
Where there's modeling chocolate cheese, there is now no blow torch 😱
How about a giant pumpkin pie or apple pie
I'm so inspired by your CraftsWomanShip Yolanda. I need your book in my life ...
#potatosurgeon\n#Ilovethisvideo\n#shareit
https://www.gofundme.com/hurricanemariarelieffundforpuertorico
You should make Pusheen the cat
Finally a YouTube that cares about their subbies!
I bake the potato and then I mash it and add butter a little milk and Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing and I make ranch mashed potatoes.
#bakedpottato
#sweetpotato
#tunaandsweetcorn
#wingit
Do a giant ear for deaf awareness week
Please please please!!! Make a it cake or a big red balloon! I would love to see that!!
Probably best Cod trailer EVER!!! I fell like this game is going to be amazing!
AMAZING, i can learn history much better now.. Just like in the movie and i'm sure soon they'll make Call of Duty : THE PACIFIC..  i guaranteed it, can't wait for it!
So we're going back to the old classic style cod huh? Well a lot of people complained about the futuristic stuff they added especially in multiplayer. I guess this will satisfy them. Me personally I'm ok with both styles. What do you guys think?
Disappointed with this game! \nThis doesn't mention Russians fighting for Europe
I better be able to kill Hitler
nice game but my computer can't handle this (can't reach req)
Okay guys you finally got your damn Swastikas, Now can we shut up and enjoy the game or are we going to complain about some trivial thing next?
Reminds me of Big Red One a little bit
It looks like they spent their three years making this trailer instead of the actual game itself
Much better than the multi for sure
Why american soldier hide his dogtag when captured and being POW by german army?
It would be cool if they have a cameo with the squad from Cod 2 Big Red One, still remember Brooklyn's death
Bad. Your ideas get lost...
The graphics it's just beautiful
YOU HAVE EARNED MY SUBSCRIPTION
Where's my boy Tank Dempsey?\n\n\n\nit's a joke
Too bad the in game graphics won't be nearly as good as this😂😂
Finally! See Activision, this is all we wanted!
Wow looks amazing!! Hope there's a D-Day mission
I'm so happy has this is amazing
It has come full circle now
I can't wait to play it.  Looks good.
Are they gonna hire Matt Damon for this mov-- I mean game?
My cousin Mike helped build this game, he said they used mostly copper wire and tape for the graphics. Can't wait to see it play out.
This is going to be good
These are men, OUR MEN! When did you forget?
This is the call of duty that we need. It brings back the memories of the game that people will enjoy to play
Since they're arm most likely banned from using the SS lightning bolts as a symbol in this game, but they were still able to find a way to show the guy at 1:10 is SS. Being interested in history, specifically WW2 you can see that an eagle on the left arm was part of the SS uniform asides from the lightning bolts.
*pause at ****2:02* im buying this game now
There is no such thing as a good call of duty campaign.
BUT WILL THESE GRAPHICS BE EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE GAMEPLAY!?! :/
Sledgehammer please do not mess this up
Meine Ehre heißt Treue,Only a handful of the people in this comment section will unterstand the significance of this phrase. This game looks amazing congrats to Sledgehammer I think they're going to hit the spot of what is a great Call of Duty, but unfortunately I believe this generation who have been force-fed since their earliest years a narrow one sided view of this war will never truly understand what this war was like for the Germans or even the Axis countries in general, and the everlasting effect it has had on its people. As they say History is written by the victors... Just my 2 cents
The community will find a way to complain, don't worry.
World at war has been my favorite campaign lets seen if this can beat it
Looking forward to the campaign
2:02 THE SWASTICAS ARE BACK
Only thing cod is good at the story
Ready For World War 2!
Why does that German at 1:13 look like thefatrat's face?
Okay, they added Swastikas. For all the people who were complaining that there are none, you can shut up now.
Walther P38 instead of Luger P08 but never mind...
It looks like a movie my gawd
Dont give a damn about multiplayer, this is what I wanted
Bad thing is the actual game won’t look like this
0:29 That is Kingpin from Advanced warfare campaign.
is this a gamo or a fuckung movie lol no hate i like it so buy WWII
I sense a Battle of the Bulge scenario.
This looks so good but I hope they put time in other modes as well unlike infinity ward with infinite warfare
Better have the intervention in this one
I thought there weren't gonna be swastikas?
Looks like a live action movie
Well this is what we waited for.
I would love it if their story is gonna work like a single story in battlefield 1, like where there isnt constant fighting and theres parts where you have to move slow and be quiet and they don't hold your hand through it like they have done so much recently
.......this is the future of gaming......
More American crap, you guys realise the war started before 1941...
Infinite warfare is still better
Looks good, just kinda wish you could play as the good guys.
1:00 we thought we knew what war would be like... but nothing prepared us for this Actvision's reaction to historical inaccuracy hate
This looks like a movie!
How come every cod trailer that comes out i always end up watching it over and over
Is this a game or a movie, I can't tell
dday for the first time in 12 years...
Please keep in mind these arent ingame graphics. This is a cinematic short, these are typically always much more fleshed out. The game itself isn't anything special.
Americans didn’t do everything \nIt was the Soviets
If you look at 2:01\nYou know we're getting a hell of a good campaign
who else is looking forward for this game to drop or is it just me
1:59 now that's just badass.
I hope we get to see Adolf Hitler in this
SWASTIKAS! 2:02
Same old
Good Good
This looks really good
What story?
Swastikas confirmed
This looks dope as hell
Looks awesome
2:01 pause waw , feel like watching BoB ....
I STILL CANT BELIVE ITS NOT BUTTER
Soviet history?
Hi
FINALLY THEY LISTENED
Another hyped up preview
TIIIIIIGGEEERRR TAAAAAAAANNK!!!
I just had siezur
aka bf 1
Nope
1980
Looks really good
finally... we have SWASTIKAS
SWASTIKAS! YES!
#RIPBF1
It lit
Bungie plus Activision equals golden COD egg 😂😂
Graphics are amazing
Finally caught on
Saving Private Ryan: The Game
2:06 RIP BATTLEFIELD 1
Love how every German looks horribly evil and not normal men and boys trying to survive
Why did they do this instead of the pacific front or at least the African front I'm not saying this is bad oh no just the western front is over used.
I really don't get this whole gluten thing, I live in Germany and we eat a shit ton of bread, and I never ever have seen a person saying they are bloated because of bread or that they get a tummy ace. I guess a lot of that discomfort comes from processed foods with a lot of shit in it. I always feel like shit after eating a meal at McDonalds or just too much, but never because I ate a piece of bread. I know there are people who are sensitive to gluten or even alergic, but its not that many people. I personally only know one person that is allergic to it and feels and looks a lot better after going vegan. I think the amount and the quality of what you are eating are important and its really naive to think that if you just cut out this or that you will feel better. I guess everyone has to find his own balance of what and how much to eat to feel good by using our brain and informing ourselves at the same time and not just blindly follow what the newest nutritionist tells us. There are many reasons why you can feel bloated or tired like not enough activity, eating too fast, eating processed foods or even eating stuff that the bacteria in your gut like, like onions, if I eat to much onions I get bloated as fuck and then I just fart all the time, just linking it too gluten is not really thought out. Also have you never thought about the chemicals they put on wheat sometimes just before harvest? I guess there are many factors that influence our well being and there is not a perfect solution that fits everybody.
Your skin looks so much better after that diet!!
Ew how can anyone eat avocado like that!!! With chocolate?!
She's dairy free but mozzarella for lunch? 😟
Maybe I just haven't seen enough episodes but every time I see her eating on the show she's just poking her food around and having half bites and throwing most of the meal out. Not sure if following her recipes really counts as following her diet :p I'm not suggesting she's starving herself - she's eating very often, just only tiny bits at a time.
waits you actually look a lot like kourney (6 mins)
It's easy to be on a diet when you're a multi millionaire so you can buy all the expensive ingredients you need to be on one. It's expensive to be on a diet.
When you talk your mouth moves like Kourtney's 😂
Oh that tofu shrimp stir fry looked so yummy! I think I'll add it to my meal plan for next week! I enjoy these videos about the different diets that you make they are so interesting xx
So annoyed that it unsubscribed me from your channel 🙄
I'd love to see Khloe kardashians diet since it really seems to be working for her x
ok she is actually just like Callie Torres!
Please don't use the word minimalist to describe any aspect of Kortney Kardashian.
A week has 21 meals... where is the rest of your food?
Mozzarella cheese? But, I thought the diet was dairy free?
Just curious but it looked like there was a fair bit of dairy in the diet...
The gluten-free sandwich from Starbucks has CHEESE on it #dairy
Anyone wanting soy sauce, but is GF can get Tamari :)! It has a little bit more of a stronger taste as well...
In place of soy sauce use Tamari :) it’s gluten free and tastes the same #ShoutOutToTheCeliacHusband hahah
Keep getting unsubscribed from you :(
That intro gives me life cx
So is this diet like \nWater only \nNo dairy\nNo gluten\nNo soy \nNo life \nLike if you like Starbucks
How is she dairy free if she puts cheese in her salad lol
No thanks. I'll stick to real food which has actual flavour
where did you get the info on the diet?
Do you have mild rosacea? Only asking cuz your cheeks get a bit red!
Try this Tamari Soy Sauce - it is 100% gluten free and DELICIOUS. It has been my go to soy sauce for years, and tastes better than any other soy sauce:  http://san-j.com/products/organic-tamari-gluten-free-soy-sauce
I love your videos too but I do agree with a earlier comment I feel like you modified it just a little too much. Adding cocoa powder to the morning shakes changes it and takes away from the true Kourtney Kardashian morning shake. Again love you and love your videos but the modification was a issue.
Honestly, I can't even imagine what your body can actually handle at this point. You are constantly yoyo dieting, and I feel like you're not going to be okay if you keep doing this.  I'm not hating, because I know what it means to struggle with body image issues, but you need to keep your own health in mind.
@5:04 that LV phone case/wallet..... Happy for your success, but....be real.
Don't you know everyone is Gluten intolerant 😄  prob must naturalists etc will say your gluten intolerant...I say intolerant NOT allergic. I know a couple people that have celiac disease. One was like sick for years and losing weight until he got tested and found everything was caused from gluten. If you actually have Celiac you can/will get very sick from eating even just a little gluten. Reading labels is VERY important and leaning what words mean it has gluten (in ingredient list)
Finally someone else who can't stand tomatoes!!!! Everyone thinks I'm crazy but I can't even smell them let alone eat them!! 🤢
isn't she an adult? why does she have a roomate?
I usually really like your videos, but you seemed very forced and kind of fake in this one. :/
There is a gluten free soy sauce called Tamari
You redid every single recipe. This doesn't count I don't get it?
A good filling breakfast for me is ah egg, 2 bacon strips and...u guessed it...a small avocado!  BTW...loved the voice-fracking...sounds all fracked up!  lol
I do not think that food processor at the beginning was plugged in....
You can use coconut amino instead of soy sauce. Its available in whole foods <3
I wish I could eat avocado. Glad she isn't afraid of fats though!
Try adding frozen peaches to the smoothie and I find it hides the earthy taste of spinach and avocado.
watching & hearing the blender for that morning smoothie was scary!!  PS would be good to add chocolate protein powder for taste & health.
could you try out the hard boiled egg diet?
Omg by 7:30 you actually LOOK like Kourtney K! 😄
no dairy but mozzarella?! :D find the logic....
You have amazing hair and face! ❤️\nHaha love the Kim impression at the end! You're so much fun! ❤️
did u eat human flesh nd drank blood dats wat dey eat too this stupid bitch encouraging others to b like them whores slap urself for me
I love chocolate smoothies with froz very ripe bananas, almond milk, cocoa powder, peanut butter, oatmeal, and a bit of coconut sugar, and sometimes i add froz strawberries. Try it, seriously good stuff.
Probably one of the smartest and most sustainable celebrity diets. I'd like to know more about the rest of their diets. I always see Kim eating burgers without the bun(she might be low carb). I know Khloe doesn't eat red meat. I know Kylie eats pomegranate seeds everyday(I would too if I could afford to). I'm not sure what Kendall eats though. I think she eats at restaurants a lot.
Hey! For future videos, a gluten free, more nutritional soy sauce alternative is liquid aminos!
She's dairy free but eats mozzerella cheese? Is there a dairy free option I'm missing?
7:50 😂 the vocal fry
I like your positivity. Shines through.
Chicken soup
hemp milk....
At 0.6 I'm like plug it in!!!
Please send love to Mexico, there's been so much heartbreak here lately. And please like this so she sees it.
Since when was mozzarella dairy free? :')
That first clip had me yelling at my screen its not plugged in! haha
*Sips tea*\n\n\n\nI think I'd rather exercise and eat home cooked food thanks. At least I know what's going into my body
omfg 7:50 xDDDDDDDD so good
Why does Kourtney say she's off dairy, but she's eating mozzarella..?
You look awfully old to still have room mates ....
You didn't really stick to her diet \nIt wasn't that exact
I ate like Kourtney Kardashian for a week... but I'm gonna sub out this, or and This, that and the rest.... \n     I would say the title is off putting but could of just said trying some stuff she eats
What does kardashian fartface eats
Just half of an avocado is 300 calories and all fat. It's not very different than just drinking olive oil. Your body and brain needs fats to operate but excess will just be absorbed and stored as body fat.
Ok but I died with your Kourtney voice. xD
Cutting out dairy, gluten, and non organic is easy and sustainable but cutting out flesh and periods was waayy too extreme! That makes sense :/
Hey Candace! Random question, what steamer do you use? Spotted it behind you at the end of your video. Thanks!
I can't stop staring at the moles.
ok i stopped watching coz you basically moified evrything.  was hoping you were gonna go fully in.
mozzarella is not dairy free haha,
did you lose any weight??
Well , at Least you're not eating  BLACK COCK like the Other Kardashian Whores ... \n                  Good for You
If she is dairy free why is she eating mozzarella cheese?
No dairy? No thank you
2:57
Mozzarella is dairy..
Moserella cheese is dairy...
5:05 stump stump stump stump stump
Isn't Mozzarella cheese dairy?
Do a kpop diet
I fucking hate tomatoes
Intro is toooooo long..
7:15 HAHAHA
How's mozzarella dairy free?
But mozzarella is dairy?
Yeah khourts stuff looks delicious and I'd eat them anyway tbh lol
Loved all the avocado 🥑
3 minutes your welcome
U should try intermediate fadting
Try Demi Lovato next please!
kardashians are retarded
Are eggs not dairy?
If Kourtney says she's vegan, but uses honey and bone broth...girl ain't vegan lol.
eat like freelee for a week!
She’d be great for Buzzfeed. (This is a compliment.)
dairy free?....You were eating so many eggs !
You say at the beginning that you chose Kourtney because she hasn't been accused of going under the knife but she herself has said she's had breast implants!
900 Pages....? I read books like that all the time....  My Parents force me too ;_;
Cliffroads at 3 am, being ready for death sounds like my Mallorca Holiday last year 😂 \nAlso i agree, you looked extra cute in this video/streamwhatever
does anyone know if i can watch bake off in us, up to date??
Stranger things next season October 12 same as Riverdale.
f r e c k l e s
Am to focused on the aesthetic backround
Darn it I'm never on here or on anything when he does these things I hate myself-_-
WHERE IS THE FUCKING HOUSE TOUR?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
watching this instead of doing the reading for my uni classes y i k e s lmao\n\ni love you daniel
You and Phil should have a Halloween bake off!
I missed this because of the earthquake
You’ve heard of elf on the shelf. \nNow get ready for dan with tan.
are you trying to be donald trump? orange daniel 😂
you should read 1q84 its 1157 pages but its a fiction book set in japan and its AMAZING
Dan is not on fire but the pan is.
Dan!  Not to be weird but you looked extremely manly in this video. Say goodbye to Soft Boye Dan™ and say hello to Manly Dan™ 😋
Dan literally having an exsistential crisis at the beginning
all right i know he's talked about this before but in this video he really really looks like he has white eyeliner in the inner corners of his eyes
aw this put me to sleep thx tanny danny
THE POMBEAR MASSACRE VIDEO WAS THE BEST
I don't know why, but I'm like so mad at Dan for burning that pasta. It's just coMMON SENSE that you put WATER in the pOT first oh mY goD
DAN ADOPT ME I WONT BE ABLE TO GET MARRIED IF AUSTRALIA DOESNT SORT ITS SHIT OUT SO MY BACK UP PLAN IS TO RUN AWAY TO LONDON MY BAGS ARE ALREADY PACKED, SEND A ONE WAY TICKET TO COME GET ME DAD PLS
im 25, working and i still dont understand how to adult... wat is a tax!
Dan: Back in two thousand and- \nMe: NINE REMEBER THE TIME\nDan: Eleven \nMe: oh
It's not a plebiscite, it's a vote for marriage equality. And optional vote. You don't have to tick or cross the box. You don't have to email it back. \n\nIt's an optional vote. It's completely ridiculous. \n\nIt's ok to vote no\n\nArghhhhhhh
i burn my pasta too...but i put water in it..
I'm waiting for the Panisonfire fan account :)
daniel I'm disappointed. you didn't watch DNA..... lmao jk i just wish you did
I googled what yiff ment......PLZ dont make the same mistake.....XD
Hope you are misting your air plants ,they actually need that ,never relaxed enough to fall asleep in sun anymore I miss that..
That ASDA is terrifying I'll be honest
Not Vitamin C, babe. Vitamin D.
Why the fuck is this trending?
I need an anime where Dan is a competitive rower and meets his new roommate, Phil, and learns he's a competitive rower on the one of Dan's rival teams.
Dan's wealthy white boy ass never had to cook dinner as a kid lol
L O N G B O Y
Dang it, I always miss out on these live shows
I was just casually walking down the hallway at school talking to my friend. All the sudden she walked away shouting, Rubber up for Dan!
not a furry but i have a sudden urge to draw dan's fursona
i literrally hate what happened 20min to end because I got sooo drunk I don't remember and I only dreamt of my ex and phil :(
I just noticed all the board games they have
What a train wreck. \n\nNot you Dan, it's the chat's fault.\nWas crying with you
WHY DO I ALWAYS MISS THESE GODDAMMIT =|
Dan: *basically asks YouTube to approve him for trending*\nYouTube: *puts Dan on trending*
I'm just gonna say, I'm an RA at a university (meaning im in charge of a lot of people who live on campus and enforce rules, deal with emergencies  etc) and the number one thing that has been setting off our fire alarms is pasta without water. Every. time.
Dan I'm sorry but I can cook a 8 course meal and I'm 14
*me when I got the notification of dan on the floatie* oh the teacher is paying attention I could look at this, OMFG DNAJFJEKCJGKES *yells at friend who us sutting right next to you* LOOOOOOOK!!!!!!! we both died
This boat of being in your twenties and not knowing thing is the sinking titanic tbh
its only when I watch  Dan I realise how British I am
Dan is still cute but he's leftist trash for rubbish leftist 13yo girls creep!
Dans amount of kitchen fires is proof that we are sims
It's only England that goes back in September the rest of the uk goes back in August
Don't really see too much tan but your freckles are poppin, and its Vitamin D :P
'Didn't get probed.''I was violated.'
Pour some honey on me and say yogurt daddy
Wow I've never actually heard someone say AU in english
Was he wearing any eye makeup??
I always get confused when people talk about Rihanna because we have the same sounding name and I am the slightest bit narcissistic when it comes to my name.
guess you could say he's\ntaniel
You are orange!! I don't want to say it but *cough cough* Donald Trump. No!!!!
You heard of elf on a shelf get ready for DAN WITH A TAN
Hello my name is\n\n[Tan]\n\nNice to meet you
I had my hpv and tdap vaccinations today and I feel like I'm gonna faint but watching this made me forget everything and I'm happy again. Thank you Dan
I died of laughter when dan said the internet is not here
 why am I so awkward? Me too dan me too
my fursona is a skunk.
Number 50 on trending???
dan is interisting
3 HOURS /// I HAD 16 HOURS BISH
Love the eye close ups hahahaha
Any thoughts on Hurricane Irma?
GENIUS
trumpy
taniel howell
this is trending
Hello C.....yber friends
Greek Yogurt
YANDERE IS SO MUCH BETTER NOWWWWWWWWWWW
yogut???
Los AngeLEEZ\nw u t
Daniels fursona should be a spaniel
I love you
Daniel got a Taniel
Dan Howell?\n\n\nTan Towel
#50 trending!!
PanIsNotOnFire
#50 on trending
Mexidan is back
I just realised dan has freckles
Freckles!!!
''Hello cyber friends''
I LOVE YOU DANIEL SPANIEL FANIEL RANIEL
freckles !!!
DNA!!!!!!
Boop
Dan howell? Sorry I only know tan towell
Petition for freckle dan™
Dan your looking nice.:)
#50 on trending
taniel sunwell
I just noticed😍 2M likes omg that's awesome, they really deserve it, this MV is pure art💕🎉
Proud af, they are in the top 50 songs worldwide omfg !! <3333333333333333333
2M likes in less than 1 week 👏👏👏👏
They talked about BTS in a very famous TV Channel in France ! :D
41,466,518 views\nJUST WOKE UP AND SAW IT yayyyy\nHappy 2 MIL likes
Math and study everywhere ...... even in the song DNA😂😭💔😂.....BUT I LOVE THE MATH😂💔
*Tips to stream DNA efficiently!*\n\n1. After each viewing, please please please CLEAR YOUR WATCHING HISTORY!! After clearing the history, open the YouTube tab and search DNA MV again and then you can watch it. If you don't clear the history, no matter how many times you've streamed, it still counted as ONE VIEW!!\n\n2. DO NOT put this video is playlists or repeat it straight after one viewing, cuz it still counted as ONE VIEW.\n\n3. DO NOT refresh your music video page straight after you finished one viewing and watch it again, cuz it only counts as ONE VIEW.\n\n4. DO NOT skip the ads or fast forward or skip parts, watch the WHOLE VIDEO please! Otherwise, it doesn't even count as ONE VIEW.\n\n5. Always make sure the YouTube page volume is over 50%, also your own device is not in silent mode, otherwise it doesn't even count as ONE VIEW on this video.\n\n6. Make sure the video's quality is over 480p, otherwise is doesn't count as ONE EFFICIENT VIEWING.\n\n.: ♡ :. Not written by me. I search this up on Google.  Good luck ARMYs ❤🌈
A R M Y     MCountdown VOTING is now OPEN... VOTE for our boys NOW!! SPREAD the news!! \nhttp://mwave.interest.me/mcountdown/vote/preVote
CONGRATZ TO BIGHIT FOR 6M SUBCRIBERS!!!!!!
14 trending on Vietnam
Fuck you BTS\n\n\n\n\n\nLet the hate come
EVERYONE KEEP STREAMING AND TRY TO GET TO 50M+ TODAY. We CAN DO IT\n\nFIGHTING!
l like the song
2M LIKES!! So proud of all the army's and my boys ♥️♥️♥️
2m likes in 3 days.....  😎😆❤ where are you haters? !!!
Will you make a dance cover for this?
since all the comments are English i might as well share a crappy story : so my friend is obsessed with BTS, like really obsessed, she always writes about how she wants to marry Suga and min yoongi (whoever they are lol), so we were in school when this video was due to come out and she was upset we couldn't see it, we were in a lesson were we just organized our tests and homework, the teacher wouldn't allow us to go on the computer, eventually she got bored of my friends freaking out at let us, the video was due to comes out when lunch started and the lesson ended (12:00) we waited until the bell rang and then we refreshed the page, and it was there, we clicked on it so fast, we were one of the first 5 to watch it apparently, i watched for a minute and then left for lunch, apparently she re-watched it like three times and was late as hell to lunch, and now i may possibly be killing the re play button (i swear do not like this people that brings it closer to the top heightening her chances of seeing this, she will make so much fun of me because i used to hate her obsession now im developing it 😓😓)
Well, is just my imagination or Jin has more lines, what do you think?
2M likes 41M views 6M subscribers 74K dislikes (wow thank you sm dislikers for increasing the views but if u are going to watch this and dislike, please just don't watch it at all. I appreciated it, Thank you!:))🌸
It'so amazing.. love this song ..
For Billboard and Hot 100 !!! \nhttps://twitter.com/BTS_Billboard/status/910602260211572736 \nBUY DNA, ARMY using PC, Mac, Android, iOS, on iTunes, Google Play, Amazon; \nSTREAM on Spotify, Apple Msc, Amazon Msc, Tidal
Is there ever gonna be a choreography video :')
i dreamed that they mentioned dna on German tv news lol,  is this the aftereffect from streaming?
Absolutely everything is perfect. Especially the La La La
SAW THIS WHEN IT CAME OUT AND FORGOT TO COMMENT BUT yesss slaaaay after all of my heart attacks i am proud to be here today and say that im at army ❤😻 much love been here a long ass time and keep fucking slaying oh and armys hellooo they growing up so fast omg
OMGGGGG on jungkook's angles omgggg I dead in there
a NEW charting week has begun for Billboard. https://twitter.com/BTS_Billboard/status/909131295934025730 For Hot 100 & DOMINATE Billboard 200. HOT 100 \n- Buy DNA from ITunes, Google Play and Amazon. \n- Stream the Official MV on YouTube - Stream DNA on Spotify, Apple Music, Google Play Music, Tidal and Amazon Music Unlimited. (150 stream = 1 song download). \n- Request DNA Radio \nWorld Digital Song Sales \n - Buy DNA and other tracks from ITunes, Google Play and Amazon. \nBillboard 200  \n- Buy the phisical copy of LOVE YOURSELF: HER Her from Amazon through the link provided by BigHit. \n- Buy the digital copy of LOVE YOURSELF: HER or its tracks ITunes, Google Play and Amazon. (if you are planning to get the whole album, buy DNA FIRST to help with Hot 100 and World Digital Song Sales). \n- Stream the official MV on YouTube. \n- Stream LOVE YOURSELF: HER on Spotify, Apple Music, Google Play Music, Tidal and Amazon Music Unlimited. (150 stream = 1 song download, 10 song download = 1 album download so 1,500 stream = 1 album sales)
Guys help me where can i dwnload their album?
I like it again and again
this song cant stop playing in my mind even when im at work helpp
I stumbled upon a post in Amino and I feel bad to say it but indeed this song doesn't show their true self. Not that I don't like this song. Damn this my jam.\nBut the post in amino was about young forever. It hit me hard so I listened to young forever after a long time and damn the feels.\nBTS's songs has always been different everytime but this was different on a whole new level. \nYoung forever made me realize BTS's true music. Their music infact.\nGosh this was long but I stiil adore this song 😍😍
I am from turkey and I love you
Wait, did I saw 2mil Likes? *TWO FCKING MILLION LIKES?!* it hasn't been a week & it already reach 2m Likes. I swear our fandom is just amazing! 😱😱😱
BTS makes me want to whistle so bad, teach me!! I want to whistle DNA everywhere!!
😘😘😘😘😘😘
❤
2m likes 😭😭💖
Im takin over you ooh ooh ooh
IMF SCREAMING
Kerennn
41,491,788
Bts
STILL TRENDING HERE IN PHILIPPINES!!! ARMYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!
2 MILLION LIKES. CONGRATULATIONS ARMY 🎊 🎊 🎊 🎊 🎊 AND BTS
2M😍😍😍😍😍😍
17TH Trending In Indonesia
I love u, BTS eoqkr whssk Wjffjdy😘😘😍🙌🏻
GUYS, TWO MILLION CLUB
2 million likes omfg
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
Fighting ✊❤
2M LIKESSSSS
lahfkahflsbifhwienslfjkw 41.M VIEWS IN 3 DAYS HOLY SLANB B IS OFB B BD
Happy 2M likes 🎊🎉 Keep streaming ARMY 🔜 50M views 💪💪💪
Oha çoksellll❤️❤️
2m likes!
KEEP STREAMING UNTIL 100Mx  !!!
2 million likes dAMN THIS FANDOM, AGHH💯💓
THEIR OUTFITS GIVE ME LAIFFFF ❤️
😻 las amo 😘
💛💛💛💛💛💛
41.4M
*AGGRESSIVELY BODY ROLLS*
Yassss my craazy fam achieved 2 million likes in just 3 dayss omggg
BANGTAN! FIGHTING!!
Hay vãi cức
¡2M LIKES!  WOOOW 💘
💙💙
JIMIIIN 🔥🔥🔥🔥
BTS !!!!!
😱😱😱😱😱Fighitng......fighting
We ain't streaming fast enough
LOVE♡
BTS EU TE AMO
I mean the likes huehue
Honestly... When I refreshed the search result page... First it said 40M views, and the all of a sudden when I refreshed it went to 41M! All of you are CRAZY!XD
great COME BACK please have a fan meeting here in the Philippines\n#COMEBACK
I'm praying BTS will debut in Hot100
41 million guys!!Lets go for 50 fam!!Thank you for streaming!
BTS is the best!!
There's no weak link in this group 👍🏻 The video shows it all. Same with Go Go 😉👍🏻 and just like i predicted after hearing Mic Drop, it's gon' be amazing! 💪🏻 \n\n🙌🏼☝🏻❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ can't wait for the video of Best of Me
*41M VIEWS AND 2M LIKES IN ONLY 4 DAYS*
Even when I'm pooping I'm still screaming lol😂🤘🏻
2 M  LIKES . NOW 100M VIEWS FOR BTS ❤
Who's ready for BTS comeback stage at Music Bank ?!
*JHOPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE*
2M likes omg so proud
Love U
2 MILLION LIKES ACHIEVED
3 days 41M yeah yeah yeah 😗😗😗
41.4 million,  armys fighting😎💪
Bias wreckers
*41M baby!*
its already 2M likes 😍😍
Vamos por los 50M army
Vote bts on Mcountdown!! Spread the word ☺️
Vote for BTS on MCountdown!! We are first place with the album let's keep the place! ☺️
The one guy looks gay tbh 😂
How many views we reach yesterday?
this dude i talk to said theynwere all ugly\nguess what i did? smack him and tell him to behave better :)
LeBron and the Cavs or Kyrie and the Celtics: Who ya got?
*Not talking to teammates? Wow he really wants to be Kobe.*
This is not a fluke. Derrick Rose has been unfairly slandered for the past two seasons. He played well for the Knicks and will be better for the Cavs. Get used to these what a surprise segments.
actually it was Kyrie that told Lebron they will be back
They're motivated to go to the finals and lose again. Need a new monster to face the Warriors
Man I would love to see the Cavs try! There's no way!!!!! The Celtics will destroy you!
Steven A. Smith is so transparent. He is defending Kyrie because of his feelings toward Lebron. Why do you think that Lebron has not really given a interview or the time do day to Steven A. Smith? Smith is phony as a two dollar bill. Both he and Kyrie are Kobe lovers. Kobe has influencing Kyrie in his decisions and his current mindset and more than likely has help to set up the platform with Steven A. Smith for Kyrie to speak because of his relationship with Steven A. Smith. That's reading between the lines!
Kyrie is a bitch he gone to do the same shit as a Celtics he is toxic
Let's Boston Beat Clevelands
Celtics aren't going to take an L
Derrick Rose about to snap this year 21ppg watch
Kinda glad the happened for LeBron extra motivation even if not needed.
They should be worried about the gsw
Lol at those casual haters. 81 Down voted to 1k up. Lebron is the best right now, and the third best ever of all time. Now just grow up and accept those terms.
Remember when Kyrie got sat all of fourth quarter during the PLAYOFFS cause Lebron didn't need him lmao. The Lebron show!
Not until rose get injured or lebron get frustrated.
Hay ..... No one talk about Kyle Krover ..... He is a great arc shooter   and DRose still have it . I respect both the guys.
Jonah Hill sure knows a lot about basketball.
Lebron so great he worried about other peoples legacy.. GOAT
That's cool but on the real they going quit sleeping on HeatNation
They were gonna be em regardless and with kyrie on there Now. Its gonna be personal
they're about the same. and that's only said with Jae Crowder in mind, IT was the primary ball handler and scorer for the Celtics, the offense manifested around him mostly.\n\nin Cleveland that changes, LeBron will be the primary scorer and alot of the time LeBron will be handling the rock especially in the late third and fourth Quarter.\n\nlet's face it the cavaliers lost some guaranteed scoring and with ITs hip problem (if it's a problem) it'll probably be that much more of a deficit in the scoring colum from game to game. Isaiahs averages will go down especially with D rose  playing back up (maybe SG). they've gotten some solid depth but I don't think it's enough to beat that Celtics team in 7 games.
The Cavs are done. Kyrie sees that before everyone else has and yall call him crazy smh. Cavs won't make it back to the finals but IF they do, next season will be the last time..
o shit like clock  work they don't need kyri!
1:06 most awkward yeah of all time
Do you really need to get motivated to beat an eastern conference team when you are on a stacked team?
Celtics might not even make it to the Eastern conference finals, they lost all their defense and they can't guard John Wall or Brad Beal
Cavs ought to be motivated to compete with the GSW and the hell with Kyrie.  Kyrie is not the Black Momba nor Jordan esc. He will always be Robin.
Kyrie a dick, creating a negative energy during playoffs and finals
Cavs should try to get 3 rd seed in the east
Celtics are gonna suck on defense. Kyrie won't have Lebron covering for him. Hayward won't have Gobert covering for him. Morris can't play any D. Horford is old.
this cavs-celtics rivarly is still one sided...it will continue to be so until lebron goes somewhere else
Lmaooo niggas aint gonna say cavs got better when g.s slap the dog shit out of them
Rachel Nichols looking like a snack. Fuck the shit out that red head damn!
The cavs sound like bitter ex girlfriends now.. if they were smart they would've kept Kyrie and traded lebron .. King Kyrie is the closer!!
Entertainment is now noisy again with the return of basketball
Kyrie's ego over winning is gonna leave him unhappy
That ECF is gonna be lit. Game 7 thriller
Cav's ain't shit. They haven't gotten any better, they have gotten worster. I don't know what these idiots smoking but, no way that Cav's are going to win the NBA Finals this season.
The cavs need to be motivated to beat GSW not the Celtics
you got IT who was traded after leading Boston JAe who always want to him. Drose who trying to proof himself in the league. LEbron in his 15th year proving hes still the BEST. This whole squad is Ready
I just wanna say i dont watch espn any more because it doesnt matter. Its either Kryie Lebron or the Warriors that get talked about every day ALL day on every show !! Boring! i just come on here to comment.
Derrick rose gonna blow by kyrie many many many times\nKyrie's defence is ass
Shouldn't  they  be  more motivated  to  beat the defending  champions??
I don't get it. The Cavs got better. When ever you get a player like IT it cancels out Kyrie. Plus Crowder adds defense. Lord knows Cavs needed defense. They did get better. It's up to the coach to utilize those pieces. If this was popavich running this Cavs team. We would be talking about a title.
Then gets punished by the warriors🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Calling it: Kyrie's gonna score 48 on 37 shots and Lebrons gonna drop a 23 point triple double and win. K love will drop 32
well, that WOULD be more realistic than thinking they could beat Golden State...
All these casuals who think the Cavs got better.......LMAO
They are not beating the warriors.
I don't think people realize that Kyrie had sketchy knee issues last playoffs, he was basically a no show in the finals. He did go off in like 2 games but he definitely wasnt his usual self.
Yeah, the Cavs could be motivated and determined to beat Kyrie and the Celtics but.....\n\n\n\n\n\nCould they still beat the re-vamped warriors😈😂
still lavs will end up destroyed by warriors and lequeen will join his daddy lonzo in lakers
Rose is going to get injured
Why are people saying...THE CAVS GOT BETTER when they haven't even played a game yet ???  Better would mean they improved on DEFENSE.  NOBODY seems  to wanna talk about the Cavs terrible defense.  That's the main reason they lost the finals...they didn't have a defense.  Here is the reality :  It doesn't matter how much offense the Cavs have...if they can't defend...GSW - WILL - REPEAT.   Understand ??
They should be motivated to beat the warriors
Niggas forget Rose be locking niggas up with those knees too lmao just watch this season
D-ROSE Former MVP wins a championship. thats news.
The sound is always off on this show. Buy them a better mike or something
Can't wait for them to flatten the Celtics.
the only thing that Derek Rose is killing is his knees
this just created a great potential matchup of the celtics vs cavs followed by another great matchup of warriors vs cavs
they should be motivated to try win another title and take out anyone in their way regardless, singling out a weaker team is just lame as fuck haha pathetic cunts just sour they don't have a super team anymore hahaha
Chubby gum gum man doesn't know nuts about basketball, except its vague resemblance to a chocolate Lindor truffle
LeBron gonna drop a triple double with a win, Irving gonna drop 40 with 2 assists and a L
Easy question derrick rose and Isaiah Thomas  and lebron James
Maybe I'm dumb, but shouldn't everyone be motivated to beat everyone? I mean, it's kind of like their JOB or something.
Bruh the sound is wack on this show. Sounds like Darth Vader 😑
Celtics only returning key players are smart and Horford , have 2 key 20yr olds brown and Tatum that they'll need to rely on, plus they are really small and have almost no rim protection, and will be outrebounded by everyone. I think Milwaukee is biggest theat to Cleveland this year. Boston needs an Anthony Davis trade or something like that to take over the post LeBron East. In 2 years 76ers will be better than Boston.
D rose averaged 18 ..............clearly not superstar numbers....but yall be sucking his beef like he trash.. league tryna retire him early like they did a i
What's up with the shitty audio though??
This is the start of a new fairy tale. For the reasons being, DRose will start as a guard for the Cavs. And if he does show up, whew... classic comeback story
Theres no talking UP D ROSE!!!! IT SEEMS YALL FORGET!!! SOOOOO QUICKLY!!!!!
well drose has been killing it last season averaging 18ppg while sharing the ball with melo and porzingis
Derrick Rose gonna surprise a lot of people.
Optimus Prime is back.
cavs tilted, why not beat gsw?
lol what about GS?
wow jonah hill got fat again.
Thomas = Kyrie\nJr = Brown\nLebron >> Hayward\nLove > Morris\nThompson = horford\nCLE Depth >>> Celtics depth
Bronsexuals mad coz no one's gonna bail out LeBum now. LMAO!
Good
Celtics to get swept 😂😂
Lol totally forgot they had Rose😂.
Drose Finna gonna off this season
http://weburls.info/?refer=4774
I got my Celtics!!!!!
Cavs will struggle without Kyrie
Kyrie will get stronger
the Jump is cringeworthy
I’m gonna beat kyrie butt
Cavaliers are trash😂Lmao
LeBron James 4-5 or 3-6
Irving gonna cook Rose watch
Yip the cavs gonna wip the Celtics ass
Crazy how people are tripping because Kyrie basically said fuck Lebron. LMAO Just respect dude who kisses no ones ass like many seem to kiss Lebrons.
CAS WAY BETTER!
Derrick Rose only kills himself.
Let's go cavs 😤
Celtics cant even beat my Wizards fuck outta HERE.
I bet Donald Trump is having a party about this.
An earthquake with a category 5 hurricane in the bottom corner.....it's the end times!
FInally Real news . . .     All the FAKE news from MSNBC has left me untrusting of the Fake News Industrial Complex.      FYI  I did have to confirm that there was a earthquake
God is doing this for a reason for us human being to believe that he is real and that his son Jesus Christ is on his way he's doing this to prepare us for the second coming 😇
Repent turn to Jesus Christ for the remission of sins he is god of universe who will judge everyone
Hmm September is a good month for the media a lot of stuff to report. Good way to keep your eyes glued on the news. Largest hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, floods tsunami, etc. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
It’s time for government Geoengineering of extreme weather events to stop. This is immoral. This is murder.
This reporter just said “you are looking at people screaming” 🤔
CHRIST YOU’RE AROUND THE CORNER!!! 🙌🏾
Make sure you have a bug-out location & a portable generator like the Kodiak:  https://youtu.be/OiUUkrof3Yo
I pray that the missing kids are found, the parents of those kids that were lost find peace and those others affected are helped. My heart is shattered and I feel selfish being able to hug my girls and to be able to wake up to a home today. Please be grateful, be sympathetic. This is a devastating situation and to those who have bread in the table share a piece with those in need. My heart is with Mexico, Puerto Rico, Florida, Houston, Africa and other countries who are fighting to get by. My heart may not be plenty but if I could be out there I would be. 💕
Maybe they should build better. I get over 7 earthquakes and our city is fine
why'd godzilla have to do mexico like that
that's a real bs .it happened in the same day that the one that happened in 1985.
0:01 The map is wrong, that's not Mexico City.
Jesus say who is next ?
Amerikkka can't blame this on Terrorist or Muslims
Is this bad business for the drug cartels?
>getting out any way they can\n>videos show everyone just standing around; one guy even walks casually.\n\nYou might be filming a real event but you're still fake news.
This Was Actually Stronger.. 7.1 my Balls.
Every year it will get worse and worse. No matter what.
please use motion vibration ( used in car security ) to atleast figure in initial stage that their is an earthquake wether than wasting time with talking to each other there is an earthquake or not
Love to Mexico from America.
People was depressed by 2016 and 2017 was even worse god bless god bless god bless spread love there is no time for hate ❤️❤️❤️
where am I going to get my tacos now
Save the hispanic women!
My heart and my prayers go out to Mexico and to everyone affected by this terrible earthquake. God bless.
is it a coincidence that all of these DISASTERS are happening right after one another????
*This has nothing to do with global warming, it doesn't exist* says -
Wake up people! This is no fluke. Another earthquake on anniversary  of 1985 deadly quake 30 yrs ago. The lord is coming he told us when  these things began to happen then is time to look up be ready. \nMay peace b with u all. And prayers going out to mexico much love. Be ready be prepared have faith. Much love
That's one way to get all the rats out of the buildings. Sadly, now the US will invite the entire population of Mexico here, for the entitlements and free housing.
For people of Italy , be prepped for the earthquake, you are the next don't ask how do I  know that  but I want you remember that I already warned you, it will be strong as you never seen before
This is what happens when we frack Mother Earth for oil companies. Mother Earth responds back like this and people still vote for Republicans and Democrats in the USA knowing they that both political parties are pro-fracking🙄
God bless all these people
that's what the people think u will see,ur lost in this world with everyone else
This is definitely a disastrous year. Is it just me or did all these disasters start showing up after the totality eclipse?
Is New Mexico ready to rock!? 🤘
Instead of sending white men to do all the dirty work, why don't dreamers go down there and help their own people?
Trump did this
Dios mio
Happy anniversary .
its not that horrific im disappointed
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
This is so sad prayers goes out to Mexico 😭😭😭😭
I blame white people for shoving all pf them down south
someone play a song by ksi earthquake and this happens...
Lol Mexico didn't help the US with Irma, looks like karma came full circle. Hopefully the US doesn't send any money to this deplorable country.
Bet the people typing mean comments wouldnt say that in real life.
America is using haarp once again.
I hope and pray that they are ok.
So far more than 200 ppl lost... many students from a school that collapsed... people who couldn't leave the buildings in time and are under all the remainings... it's very sad but everyone is helping. We've come together in this horrendous situation to try and get everyone out... never felt more proud of being a Mexican
This is why expenditure on infastructure  is important.
From Iraq praying for you♥️
If you want to help you can click on the next link thanks and god bless :(  'Mexico Earthquake victims' https://dm2.gofund.me/w5xfe-mexico-earthquake-victims
Irony is they practice said drills yet still people managed to die. Guess these drills don't do much or many don't bother with said drills until its too late.
Seems like trump didn't like fox's advertising skit
This is a sign of the end times but ya know with all the beefing, fighting, arguing and hatred going around, events like this remind us that we're all human at the end of the day. We all are susceptible to suffering, death, all these things. We shouldn't treat other people like they are anything different from a friend. We all are the same at our core. Short, tall, black, white, Jewish, Asian anything. God loves us all the same.
How did drumpf™ do this I heard on John Oliver®'s show that le drumpf did this 😤😤 make Mexico not shaken again le drumpfstein
MSNBC showing this clip. Surprised they aren’t blaming President Trump for the earthquake.  #FakeNews  #BuildTheWall  #MAGA
Blame HARRP
2 pac coming
Tyranitar is super effective against Indians with sweaty backs
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
estamos con ustedes   fueraza  Mexico.
Total property damage,   <$1000
Horrific
💔💔😔😢😢😢
I blame trump
2017 wtf!
Viva Mexico #fuerzamexico
https://youtu.be/o5WBOQtMb4A
HE is coming!
Now is 225 deads
and yesterday JAPAN
Wow..
You are excellent
Mother Nature. The great equalizer.
Infinity wars official trailer
deep sea drilling anyone?
Fake news
Build dat wall
負の連鎖
https://youtu.be/addme/g0SjLqqZY9qOXENtczzCSJ-qHLH3PQ we can chat add me pls
nature strike back
MENSO 7.1 AMA HIT SOON.
Isn't Mexico supposed to look like that always ?
allah huakbar,....\nallah maha kuasa,..\nsemuah rata di negara² belahan dunia,.... allhamdulilah indinesia masih du beri aman,....
It's time for Mexicans to go back home and help.
What concerns me is that there is no news coming in from Puebla.  Puebla is a huge city and quite near the epicenter of this earthquake.  No news from Puebla in this case is very bad news.  My grandfather built a beautiful university in Puebla and I would really like news from Puebla if you can get it.  Any advice would be appreciated.
Wish all the corrupt people in Mexico die in that earthquake
I hope everyone's okay. Stay safe for all of the survivors in Mexico. We love you.
So scary 😱 sending my prayers to all those affected by this 😔
If Trump wants a wall, America needs seawalls. God be with Mexico.
My nieces etc live there. It was so sad to hear them crying on the phone.
Well Mexicans you're going to need them wetbacks we are going to send back to you you should put them to work
Looks like we don't need the wall
They're still paying for the wall though......RIP the non criminal Mexicans.
To look at the bright side , Mexico is already a third world country so besides lives lost (which is sad), infrastructure will probably not end up much worse after.
lol spics deserved this. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is so sad😭😭😭😭 .....Prayers for mexico !!!!! Im so sorry for anybody that lost their loved ones in all this natural disasters !!!! Miles de bendiciones para mexico lindo, Dios los llene de fuerza y bendiciones!!!!
You would look great with a warm brunette hair color. Your hair would look extremely full too. Dark hair and light eyes are lovely!
That headband is $760. That is a $760 headband. My brain can't comprehend that, probably because my $12 lulu headband is a little too tight.
Gig I want a reality show from u I'm talking Kardashian
i watch these just to watch her throw stuff. I've been watching since like 2010 when she used to throw stuff behind her and sometimes break stuff lol.
I don't want to stain this white couch *sprays it anyway*
1:20 Wait.... the bag is blue? Am I the only one seeing purple?!
This is everything. I severely missed your iconic throwing of items!
I'm sorry but I really don't like the hair at all and the makeup looks really bad. Come on Gigi you can do much better. 😡😡
her hair is blended so well
I’m living for this makeup girl!!!! I think I can recreate it with the Jaclyn hill palette by morphe.
Looking GORGEOUS! I love you but you tend to over do the lips but this is perfect! xoxo ps: the louboutin paloma bag would look SO good on you!
I'm obsessed with this hair <3 <3 <3 Giving me major Daryl Hannah Splash vibes <3 <3 <3
you're the man!😁
UGHHH your so pretty I can't stand it!!! ❤️❤️❤️😭😭 Gigi I love you!!
Gigi I'm really feeling your hair and your brows 😍
I'm so jelly she got the whole Candy Johnson line .. I want the giant lollipop products! !! soooo freeking cute 😍 I'm in love 💙💚💛💜
You're so beautiful😍
Why the heck is every damn comment complaining about how they can't afford these products and can't relate literally no one cares about how bitter and jealous you are because she worked hard to get this stuff and money so get a good job and buy whatever u want and quit COMPLAINING
Every beauty guru has said they loved the Lilly Miami lashes.. Are they really worth it?
You can tell she's okd
why did u suddenly turn into taehyung the gucci king lol
Who was the designer of the sneakers she has? i couldn't understander her and the captions didn't help.
Wow im so jealous hmu girl I'm just a broke drunk uni girl xoxoxox love you so much pls someone support and like this
Missed these types of videos from her 😍💞💞
LOL she had to get Mario to send her foundation.. she couldn't buy it herself?
Omg, obsessed with your makeup look right now!!!! So gorgeous, and the hair, YES!!!!! 💖💯‼️
What is happening with the background noise lol? Do you have a cat? Am I the only one who noticed That??
$145 for a pair of socks.....damn
I adore you, but I dunno if that eye look goes with the bold lip. The bright pink lip kind of makes that lower lid look like you've got bad allergies, have been crying hard, or are coming down with pink eye.\n\nYour eyeshadow is flawless otherwise.
wait, she loves that bag but throws it around like that? she just has so much gucci that none of it means anything XD already turned off from this video, but whatever she doing her i guess
You have awesome things!!!! \nYou are great!!
he keeps looking uglier and uglier. im sure he stopped taking his hormones.
did anyone else hear the cat screaming in the background?
Long hair looks way better
No hate but her hair looks like ramen noodles
I'm not gonna lie i got triggered when she threw the bag, The OCD Went wild xD
Take a shot every time she says Girl
Yessss I live for Gucci! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
Yaaaassss I love Kandee! Y'all should do a collab 👯
So for a second i thought there was a person behind the window but it was just the reflection of Gigi's hand with her products. Lol oops😂😱😂
Did anyone else hear a cat meowing a lot lol
I'm so happy Gigi is transgender my life would have been changed
awe i wish i had enough money to be that materialistic
This is not really a favorites video, there is stuff that you haven't even taken the tags off
The way you always throw/toss expensive products around gives off the impression that you are completely spoiled :(
THE CAT WANTS ATTENTION, KAREN
Are those demonic cats I hear in the background???
You are a breath of fresh air! TY
Why do you always throw your things after showing them
Any small youtubers want to support each other?
GiGi ... pleasssssssse 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 do a tutorial on your eye make up in this vid .. i am so in love with it ❤️❤️❤️ #staygorgeous
why is a  lot of gucci clothing legit ugly tho
What are these catlike noises in the background?
Mexico is in such a bad situation, and this girl is just showing her Favs
Can you please get ready with Jeffrey star on his PJ
Oh my god, those boots are $1,600.... \n\nI don't know why I even thought I could afford them when I saw them. Haha.
Gigi doesn't care about YouTube now that she has that billionaire money. Too booked to be bothered hunnnayyy!
Since Gigi did her lips she just looks less feminine...
guurl i love you and actually bought some of the items you showed in your favorites <3 PS: people let her do what she wants and if you think she is materialistic or anything then stop watching her video and go be sad !
For real thought the cat in the back was my cat. Looked over and hes asleep. Damn that cat meows alot!
No hate but Y  she throwing (almost) everything away > showing how much she appreciate the things  😐😐🤔🤔 easy comes easy goes
Those sneakers look like something I would have worn when I was 12 ... actually probably not even then lol
Did your hair day  to be on style mermaid very  chic!
anyone else trying to look to see the pricetags price of the knee high socks?
Omg you lips look so much better now.
You are looking gorgeous! Love the makeup and hair! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
buying a 1790$ bag is stupid
lol my mom bought the same exact bag last week!
You look extra beautiful! Getting 90's vibes! Love!
Ur such a clutz gigi 😂
Love your hair!!!!!
That outro tho
funnn
That ramen noodle hair! #heyyyJT #heyyyXtina
Closet tour video
Gigi is soo adorable...love her
chingon
The sneakers look like mature twinkle toes
Stop..
$760 for a headband. Y tho.
Hot diggity damn.
your so PRETTYYYY!!!! TODAY!!!😍😍😚
Is this sponsodered by Gucci lol
phillipp plein's clothing looks like ed hardy
Love this bag! *Throws bag* 1:32
More storytimes!!
Love the look! Jeez
what happened? looking very bricky...
Kinki boots
vain af
the Adam Apple tho
You need allah
Jakim pustostanem jest ta osoba....
Didn't she used to do storytimes?
Stop throwing these expensive items ! So disrespectful and a ridiculous attitude
Love the makeup but the pink lipstick doesn’t go with the eyes
Check out my latest video!  😘
So where does her money come from?
XY CHROMOSOMES FOREVER.
I will never for the life of me understand people whom live in excess like this.
Am I the only one wondering what the last present was 😂
Who else got the Netflix and chill but at the start 😄
But.. what was Zoe's last present
MY 24TH BIRTHDAY! *Treasure Hunt*
Anyone else watch this while sat in a PB & SL huddy or t-shirt #LBW
girlfriend goals!!!!
Anyone else wondering what the last present was ?
IS IT JUST ME THAT WAS REALLY HOPING TO SEE THE LAST GIFT AT THE TRAMPOLINE (idk if he shows it later I'm not done yet)
We've just been watching Netflix and chilling 😂
oh my alfie im in love with the gucci shoes zoey got you xxxx
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE 🎉\nU never showed us what the last present that was on the trampoline
What was his last present that zoe got him?
Alfie kisses Zoe when they were by the gin, opening the first present !!!
5:25 you should've gone to specsavers 😂
😮 How are you 24, Alfie?!?! Hahah! Happy belated birthday!! 🎁🎈🎉
Happy birthday
Happy bday mine is on Sunday 🎉❤️
HAAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE!!!! XXXX love u soo musch hope you had an AMAZING day!
Happy Birthday, Alfie! Thanks for making every day of mine so so happy. I look forward to liking before watching EVERY video. You are such a joy in my life!
Happy birthday for yesterday xx
Happy birthday 🎉
Anyone else notice poppy vlogging during happy birthday
I'm kind of early!! I love you Alfie I hope you like or reply to this comment xx 💖🔐
Hope u had amazing day 🎉🎉🎉
Happy birthday hope u had a great day
Hope you had a wonderful birthday x
Early squad where u at
WE HAVE THE SAME BIRTHDAY💞💞 ANYWAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIEE😊💞💗
Happy birthday Alfie hope you had a wonderful day
Happy birthday but what was the last present from zoe💕🎉
I'm early happy birthday alfie💗 from all the alfinators
Happy birthday Alfie hope you had the best day ever!!!!!!!!😂😘
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 😝😝😝 Alfie  hope you had a fun 24th
And Alfie's Back!!! Happy Birthday!!! LBW
Is the supreme book is it The history behind supreme the clothing brand ?
LBW SQUAD WHERE YOU AT X
Happy Birthday Alife, hope u had a great day 🎂🎉❤
You gotta love birthday attention haha it's a special day so milk it 🍰🤣 life is worth celebrating 🤗🤗🤗🤗
Happy Birthday Alfie!!! Hope you have a brill day!!
I also couldn't see the washing up present
LBW SQUAD WHERE YOU AT !!!!!!! Happy birthday Alfie love you so much
I love you vlogs there so relaxin and you a great YouTuber love u and Zoe
Happy birthday Alfie have a great day xx your the best xx☺☺
Happy birthday Alfie! Going to be rocking the Pb/Sugg life merch today!
Happy birthday Alfie \nHope you had a great day 🎯🎯🎯🎯🎯🎯🎯🎯
happy birthday i hope you have a great day !! <3
Lbw squad where you at and happy birthday Alfie and have a great day
I agree with Zoe
Happy birthday
HAPPY BDAY ALF!
Glad you enjoyed your birthday alf!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE!!!!!!!!!
Happy late birthday alf 🎉🎁
Happy birthday!
HBD❤️🎉
Happy birthday Alfie!!!
Happy birthday❤️
LBW SQUAD !!!! 😇😁
Happy late birthday alfie!
Happy birthday
#LBW, HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤🙋🙆🙆🙆
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALF 🎉🎉😍ly sm
@pointlessblogvlogs happy 24th birthday i mean 42nd bday lol :)
Those balloons said 54😂😂 jks Ik iy said 24 😂
Happy birthday
like before watching squad
LBW!!!!!!!
Lbw yeah
Happy birthdayyy!!!
lbw squad where you at?!
Happy birthday alife
Lbw
HBD Alf. You're crushin the game
Happy bday xxx
LBW SQUAD WHERE YOU ATTTTTTT??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIEEE
Hbd
Omg, happy birthday 🎂 💞 💞  nala is the cutest ever!!!
Happy birthday bro
9.32 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Happy birthday alfie
Happy birtday😀
Hope you got m unhappy birthday tweet! #LBWsquad #PointlessBirthday
happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE❤️🙌💙
Happy Birthday vlog Alfie!  woooooohooo :)
Omg we were born 10 yrs apart xx
Its my 9 birthday on 18 of september
Happy birthday Alfie! My first comment on YouTube and I already have my post notifications on. #LBW
Happy birthday Alfie have a great day please respond to me
it was my 20th birthday, happy birthday to us... :( not fun getting old...
Happy Birthday Alfie! Love those lights hanging over your bed! Enjoy your 24 life! You deserve all the love! Xx
Imagine if Alfie and Zoe were together, as were poppy and joe lol
My boy is growing up 💔😭
Happy birthday alfie I love you so much still waiting for a proposal tho
Hello YouTube \nCan you help me out?\nPlease!\n😁👍🏻
Happy birthday Alfie! I love you 💖💖💖
Happy birthday Alfie 🎉🎉
Happy happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALF
Grew up in La Puente???!! Me too haha
I’m so happy to know that one of the main youtubers that I watch also has hyperhidrosis and I don’t see so different - I got it from my mom as well and so thank you for talking about it 💛💛
I have an autoimmune disease and when I developed it my ability to sweat has gone away. I have to avoid the heat.. Its not the same but its embarrassing and a lot of people just don't understand and look at me weird and get upset when I tell them I can't do aomething because its too hot. My body can't cool itself down bybsweating and it makes me sick when I'm in the heat.
yo the big sweatshirts used to save my life in middle school & high school and when people asked me to take if off I was straight up like nah , I can't say why but na. Haha thank you for making this vid Jackie sweaty girls unite
Love this video! I am a head sweater. My scalp sweats with minimal effort. My armpits sweat less so but definitely more than average. Super excited to put these tips to use! Anything to feel less like a child smelling like outdoors.
I have palmar hyperhidrosis! It’s affected me my whole entire life! It’s the worst thing ever.... especially at important meetings when you need to shake someone’s hand!! 😭
I sweat so bad on my face and arms. It bug the crap out of me. \nThe main thing I'd ask ypur help is on keeping foundation on my nose. You mentioned controlling oil and I know the nose is a part of the T zone with a lot of oil usually. My pasty white self likes to do makeup, but seasons changing makes my body go nuts, I have fo blow my nose twelve thousand times a day, and my foundation will come off of my nose, making me look like Roudolf the reindeer. \nWhat do I do?
during puberty i was really sweaty like so bad i thought i had hyperhidrosis. turns out it was just puberty, but it was hell.
Panty liners are the best. but for the yellow marks on your clothes, you need to use a deodorant that doesn't contain aluminium. Thats what causes the yellowness. Trust me, I've tested this out. I use the healthy deodorant from Sephora. I still have the yellowness but its waaaaaay less than before.
Yes please come through with the tips for face sweating!
I always sweat on my face!! Walking across campus is the worst, especially when I'm almost late to class 😅
I really appreciate this video so much
I relate so much to this video, but I need to know about your hair! I must know how to get it. Pretty please?
The worst part of my pregnancy was that my hyperhidrosis kept itself up through my temperature fluctations... but my nipples also decided to act up too. So if I wore a sweater to calm my boobs I would be super sweaty and if I took off the sweater to keep my temp down my boobs would be like 'hey y'all!' It was the worst. XD
thank you so so so much!! :)
Thank you so much for this video. High school was hell for me for this same reason. That part about long sleeves to hide the sweat was soooo true
Girl my aunt put me on to baking soda....BY FAR, the best thing I’ve ever tried. When you shower and wash your armpits, sprinkle a little baking soda on a soapy rag and wash your armpits with that. Even when you do finally sweat, there’s no smell....AT ALL!!! NOTHING!!
OMG....I never thought there was a word for this issue. I sweat on my face like a faucet even in the dead of winter. My makeup suffers because of it but Thanks gonna look this up!
Dr Oz n Wendy Williams had this disorder and under their armpits!! They underwent the surgery! It's minor!! Nice to see you talk about something so personal to you because it affects males n females! Clothes do matter n cotton is the best!! Much love Jackie!!😍😘🌹♥️💯👍🏾👊🏾🙏🏾
thank you so much for this video. I just wish it  was uploaded about 10 years ago lol. My whole middle/high school career was horrible due me sweating under my arms. I would literally wear a jacket or sweater everyday to school. I have jackets now that no matter how much I wash them they still smell like old deodorant & musk 🤦🏾‍♀️🤢 I have shirts that I no longer wear in public because they have permanent deodorant stains on them. I used to be sooo insecure about my sweaty armpits because people would always call me out for them but now I could care less 🤷🏾‍♀️ lol anyways enough with this long paragraph I love you 😂♥️
I don't have a problem with underarm sweat or hands or anything. But if it's even a little warm my face will start POURING. And it's so embarrassing and OBVIOUS. So that sweat proof makeup video would be extremely clutch please and thank you. PS does anybody know anything to help with sweat in the boob area?
Thank you, Thank you so so much
I literally sweat almost all the time. There's not really any time or temperature or situation that I don't sweat.
OMG I have hyperhydrosis too! its so annoying ! Wow wouldve never known that u did.
Jackie you have the best body EVER <3
Ugh I feel you. I too suffer from hyperhydrosis but I sweat the most on my face, hands and feet. I can deal with hands and feet but the face sweating really interferes with my daily life. The smallest amount of emotion triggers me to sweat. I hate it. I hate my life most of the time. But you know, I just deal.
OMG. YAS GIRL. THANK YOUUU. I've been trying to find ways to prevent myself from my underarms and this helped me!
thanks for always being real!!!
I thought I was the only one! It makes me feel so gross and ugly. Thank you for speaking out <3
You got Cotton! Go Jackie!
Guys if you have this problem I cannot recommend Drysol enough. In Canada it is over the counter and it literally 100% stopped my sweating.  Like Jackie I too was that girl wearing her winter jacket or giant sweaters every day because the sweat stains under my arms were so, so excessive.  Like, SO BAD.  I could not wear tight T-shirts or shirts, ever.  However Drysol literally stops the sweat, it doesn't matter how hot or nervous I get, my armpits are bone dry.  I only need to use it once every 1-2 years now.  It's a miracle.
Thank you for opening up about this! I have hyperhidrosis too and it really does effect us on the daily. So embarrassing😭
YES PLEASE do a video on facial sweating  and working out with makeup for those who go to the gym during lunch!
For anti-sweat, Certain Dri deodorant is absolutely the best deodorant I've ever used. I sweat A LOT and now for the most part I'm always completely dry.
watching this my armpits while my armpits felt like a tsunami was happening, thanks jackie
How much is the underarm botox generally? And how old do you have to be?
It is great that you can be so open.
Jackie would you do the Botox under the arms to prevent sweat?
Sweaty Cuban girl here, and I am SO grateful you made this video. I relate to all of it, although I also have the sweaty hands and feet :( In high school I would wear all dark clothing (and use the sweater trick!) to hide the pit stains, I would NEVER wear sandals (even though I live in freaking Florida) and I was always terrified to shake or hold anyone's hands. I haven't gotten botox because it won't help my hands which are the worst, but to anyone reading the comments who struggles like I do I have tried some prescription options.\nI hated Drysol because they told me you had to have bone-dry hands, feet, or armpits before you put it on (how dumb is that!?) and it itched so bad I couldn't sleep at night.\nI do have a prescription for Glycopyrrolate (or Robinul) which is a pill that helped me significantly. I wouldn't have survived senior year without it. It can have some adverse side effects like dry mouth, but it is safe to play with the dose (within reason, listen to YOUR doctor) and once you figure out the perfect balance for yourself it is a lifesaver. \nAlso, same for me that anxiety triggers it. Unfortunately, I was usually worried that I might sweat, so of course I would start to sweat and then I would freak out and it would get even worse! So young girls, don't freak out, realize there ARE options, and know that it really does get better after those teen years. :)\nThanks again Jackie, officially subscribed.
I’ve had this and it was very bad. I got certain dry the night role on kind and I don’t have it no more.
Oh my goodness, Jackie, thank you for this video. I had no idea what this condition was called up until now. The yellow sweat marks on the shirts, I feel you girl!!! My mother used to bleach my shirts and they were still yellow. \n\nI always wear fabrics that don't show my sweat strains because they're absorbent or just don't show it, and I wear a lot of black too, because that doesn't show it either! I'm applying deodorant every hour at work (I work in retail) trying not to musk the customers away! \n\nI have considered Botox but it's not within my budget at the moment.\n\nThe most embarrassing thing is my face sweating. Any anxiety or if I even blink a little too hard, my face throws out buckets of sweat. I can't wear foundation, no matter how tough it is, my face sheds it within minutes. It just ends up looking like a cakey mess.\n\nAgain, thank you Jackie for this video. 😄
i literally thought i was the only one with this problem. i would get really gross stains under my armpits and sweat off my makeup. i never knew what it was called or if anyone else had this problem. thank you so much for this video.
wow, I really thought I was the only women suffering from this terrible terrible gene, ugh
How are her nipples not showing through the top? Mine would be peeking through.
Where was this video when I was in high school 😍👌🏻😁😁😋
I am extremely grateful for this video. I've always been a heavy sweater and I didn't know it was an actual condition. I just thought I was a  nervous, jittery binch
I had sugery because of the sweating and it helped me alot. Best decision i've ever made!
I have it too, it fucking sucks because mine is mostly on my face and my scalp...so my makeup just sweats right off and my hair looks like I've showered. It's still something that I absolutely hate and am majorly insecure about
I've started to sweat a lot on my face the past couple years. I can't even wear makeup if I know it's gonna be 80 degrees or more cause I be dripping 😩
I don't mean to be that person, but when I stopped eating meat that helped me out a lot. I'm not completely vegan I still eat dairy and eggs but my meat intake is just about 0%. However I don't deprive myself, if I feel like eating a bit of chicken I do.
Everything in my life makes sense now
Your not supposed to workout with makeup on???
thanks for making this video, Jackie! I struggled with hyperhydrosis for years. I've just now started to find ways to manage it. I highly recommend botox- I got it a couple months ago for my underarms and the difference is significant. \nIf you have hyperhydrosis- know that you're not alone! So many people struggle with this in silence. You're not disgusting; you're not dirty. You're still beautiful.
Thankyou for sharing I REALLY needed those tips, I always smell so bad that it makes me self conscious and it's was so bad that I avoided people 😂
All my friends call me “sweaty hands” and say stuff like “how are you going to hold your boyfriends hands??? They’re so gross!” My shirts are all stained and it’s awful. Thank you so much for this Jackie ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Certain Dry was a life saver for me about 11years ago. I went through a late puberty hormone change at 21. I couldn't KEEP a shirt dry under my arms. I used it as directed and I had to tell Jesus thank you! Read up on it and make your decision from there. It's less than 7usd.
THANK YOU FOR DOING THIS VIDEO !!!
i have hyperhidrosis too 😭😭😭 not fun
Only under the arms? I sweat from my head to the soles of my feet.....EVERYWHERE! I have oily skin on my face as well so I can look like a grease ball in under a minute and I live in Barbados. I'm 26 and so far it has not gotten better at all so power to those people who got over it.
I have this problem and I would wear jackets everyday so no one would see the stains when I start sweating, until one day I sweated through the jacket :) so yeah. only thing that's helped me are these anti sweat wipes and sprays that I get online
OH MY GOSH JACKIE YOU DONT KNOW HOW HAPPY THIS MAKES ME!! NEVER DID I IMAGINE ONE  OF MY FAVE YOUTUBERS HAS THE SAME CONDITION AS ME :(( Im so happy i have someone to relate to now. My hyperhidrosis was so bad i got bullied a lot for it back when I was younger, as well. I'm so sorry you had to go through the same thing. It's so hard to talk about, isnt it? I'm 20 now I still have so many issues with it especially with my clothes smelling and staining all over the place to the point i can almost barely wear anything tight fitting unless it's COTTON! what makes it worse is that I have contact dermatitis AND I live in a tropical country. my hyperhidrosis has impacted what i wear and how i do things so you are totally right about it practically being a lifestyle change. as embarrassing and almost funny as it is sometimes it really isn't easy. since it aggravates my allergies i sometimes have to spend extra time and effort and MONEY for my medicines. almost no deodorants worked for me, lest they trigger my allergies. plus, there are those cute shirts that I can't wear anymore cuz of pit stains </3 but knowing some things can be done to regulate it certainly is comforting... i'm so happy you became open about it, you're a person I really look up to. Sweaty people unite! we don't let our pits rule our lives <3 \n#DownWithPolyester
OMG! I have this too, mines in the under arms. I thought I was the only one
I never knew it was condition. Can you please do a lip swatch on the Sephora New Give Me More Lip Set. I wanna see it's colored women friendly.
The other thing is that there's a difference between perspiration and sweat. \nPerspiration usually happens with anxiety, nerves, hormones etc. Sweat happens after a workout or when it's super hot/humid outside. Perspiration almost always has odor.  Sweat doesn't always have odor. But the reason it has odor is because of the bacteria that subsequently occurs on the skin after you've been sweating or perspiring. \nSweating by itself doesn't generally have odor on its own. Now, I could be wrong here, but I'm pretty sure this is accurate information.
Nobody should waste their time and money - go straight to Botox ! It is the best solution and no worrying ever again .
Wait! I always thought I was crazy when I'd be walking outside perfectly fine, then start to think about how hot it is and immediately start sweating!! 😂 I'm just happy I'm not alone anymore
This was actually great because, though I have it in my hands and feet so these tips wont work, its so nice to see you embracing it and showing people how to deal with it! And Girl Preach about these kids being cruel, still poppin thoooo heyy!
certain dri worked wonders for me when i was in middle school! it's available at the drug store but it's more powerful than a normal antiperspirant. also i recently read that washing your armpits with antibacterial soap can help stop you from smelling since the cause of the smell is from the bacteria.
Jackie sis why are you talking like that!?
I'm so glad you mentioned Botox... I did it on my channel almost 7 months ago or even longer I'm so sweat free now and would recommend it to those not scared of needles. That saying there is this roll on called Dricol (not sure if you get it in the states) that works wonders. I use it in my t-zone in summer lol
Omg I learned something new about myself today lol thanks Jackie 💕
Omg! I've tried prescription EVERYTHING and NOTHING works! :( so my dermatologist told me to get Botox, but I haven't done it because I'm scared it won't work :(
I’m dealing with this now. Looks like I got pushed into a waiting pool
Omg I think I have this !
Thank you Jackie!!!! I too am a victim of hyperhidrosis and your tips are super helpful!! Xoxo
I never knew this was a condition!!! I'm honestly so happy you made this video I've been using men deodorant for idk how long and sometimes that doesn't even work!! 😩 I have to apply multiple coats just for reassurance I sweat ALL THE TIME even when it's cold! Thanks so much Jackie! This is why I love you! ❤️
I use *Milk of Magnesia* and apply it like deodorant. Just to prove that it worked to a couple of friends (and to myself), I raised my arms and let them smell my pits. Anyone going through this knows just how mortifying that could be. Needless to say, it went over well. They don't have the same smelly sweat problem I do, but they started using it too.\n\nI buy mine at Walgreens, it's next to the Pepto Bismol, lol. #Themoreyouknow
I have this on my face 😩😩😩 omfg is soooooooo embarrassing. Tryna be cute while you sweating?? It really depresses me and I don't know what triggers it but it really saddens my life.
I've never had a problem with smelling awful because of it, but the massive sweat patches and yellow stains have become a constant irritating issue for about 2 years now. I've also always had very easily sweaty hands and especially during the summer recently I've been very insecure about every outfit I've worn etc, ANYWAYS... what I'm saying is this video has made me feel so much more comfortable about it and now I know how to sort out this issue. THANK YOU JACKIE 💜💜💜💜
My mom had this really bad too when she was young. She said she always wore baggy sweaters and dress shields (basically the panty liner) saved her in high school! I was fortunate not to have it but I know it's really bad! I also know a musician who had hyperhydrosis in his hands...his guitar strings would rust! He gets Botox in his hands and it helps him significantly!
so glad im not the only one suffering from hyperhidrosis, love you jackieee 💕
not exaggerating but ya boy have hyperhidrosis and live in malaysia and its summer all year long with 40°C basically everyday if yall think yall cant survive then sis 🙃\nbtw i sweat a lot around my arm and palms and the only tips i can give is always have a small towel or handkerchief or pack of tissues everywhere with you and buy that small perfume roller bottle and transfer some perfume in it so you can stay smell good the whole day without bringing a huge ass 100ml perfume bottle
I deal more with body odor along with hyperhidrosis. There is NO deodorant that works to cover up the smell. I also use Drysol which is a prescription deodorant that I got from my dermatologist. Does anyone have any home remedies for body odor?! Im not sure if it's an internal problem (like my diet, an imbalance in minerals) or if it's on the skin. I also use Hibiclens under my armpits which is a skin cleanser meant to kill bacteria.
All of the thanks! I will talk to my dermatologist and regular doctor.
holy hell i have this condition and clothing with sleeves that are tight on my pits are the worssst. makes me sweat like no tomorrow.
complerely relatable lol
Certain dri cvs non prescription
Peachy Nuuuude!!!! I see you
GIRL YAAAS I HAVE HYPOHIDROSIS TOO
Cornstarch & pantyliners(takes notes)
@Jackieaina Can You Review Dollhouse Pretty Cosmetics ?
You're body goals
*smelling like activities*
jackies body is bomb goals
Embarrassing? No booboo. You good ❤
Same sis
SIS THE SWEATSHIRT IS SO RELATABLE AHAHAHA
Gurl you're the plug.
Thank you!❤️
I’m sweating watching this video lmaoo aahahha
When his manager did her video I bet he was so proud to say That's my manager 😊💖💖💖
Congrats I Love You Tylerrrr
Where is Troy😰
CaspAr
HAPPY 10 YEARS!!
❤️💛💚💙💜\nWe love you
#whereistroye
THIS IS SO PURE OMG
shane?
Connor Franta part!!👀👀❤️
This was the cutest thing ever omg congrats!
CONGRATS TYLER !!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
nice
Congrats✨🌻
OMG LIZA AHHHHH 😂😂😂
Why am I crying?😭😭
Love so much
Remember when YouTube was poppin’ ?
Where did dan go
#10yearsofTyler
Congrats!!!
Ive only have been a subscriber for about 4 years but in those four years, you've made me smile and so happy from watching your videos. Please continue to do that in the next coming years. Love you 😘🎉🎊
I havent seen ur videos in a while
Congratulations Tyler! If it wasn't for you, I'd still be in the closet and not living an unashamed, authentic life. You were the first LGBTQ+ person I ever knew, and the impact you had on me was unexplainable. \n\nYou shaped this platform tremendously and have been a major advocate for all human rights. You're charming personality and intelligence permeates through YouTube, and I'm so excited to see what is next. \n\nI don't truly know you, but I love you, and I'll be following you on here till the very end. \nThank you so much.
I'm so shook thinking about how I was 4 when you started your channel wow
Why isn't Miranda not here? Miranda is Tyler's bae
Where is your bae Miranda Sings?
Your itty bitty piggy video was my life.. Definitely one of my favorite memories. ❤️
I have been watching you for 8.5 years and I have seen most of your videos you inspired me to tell my parents that I'm not straight and you also inspired me with all these stuff that I can't explain have fun make another video
awww tyler im so proud of you! i love you so much<3
Tyler, congratulations on 10 years! You were the first YouTuber I ever watched. I remember I was in my computer science class watching a video about the power of the internet when I saw the clip of you twerking at a One Direction concert...love at first sight. I've always been so impressed by the way you use your platform to both entertain and inform. What could be better in a role model? You introduced me to an entire YouTube community I hadn't known existed and made me cackle with laughter countless times. It was so special to see you at the SF stop of your slumber party tour! You've accomplished so much already and I have no doubt that that's what you'll continue to do. Thank you from me and many others you have reached. ❤️
What's wrong with saying, Can't wait to see what the next ten years have in store!?
Congrats love!\nI think my favorite memory of you is you touching and uplifting the lives of everybody who watches your videos including me.\nI love watching your videos and they always inspire me and uplift me especially if I'm having a bad day. Keep up the good work and I look forward to seeing more videos from you. 💗
when I met you at vidcon and cried😭💗 I love you so much Tyler and I'm so proud of how far you have came!!
I was hooked ever since I saw How to Be a Bad Bitch <3 you've helped me and thousands of people and that's so amazing, you inspire me so much!
I had a smile on my face the whole video!😊✨💕
Seeing you in Orlando during the Slumber Party tour was an absolute dream. The night was full of fun and laughter and definitely one to remember. So proud of everything you've accomplished and I'm so excited for what's to come!! Congratulations on 10 years, Tyler!! Love you!! ❤❤❤
But please actually stay on YouTube AT LEAST 10 more years
You have seriously been such an inspiration to me. You have made me laugh during some of my darkest times and you have given me something to look forward to when i couldn't find anything to cheer me up. You are literally an amazing human being. Congratulations on ten years!! Go you!
THAT THING EVERYONE SAYS GOSH 10 MORE YEARS AHEAD LOL!!!
TYLER OAKLEY I'M SO HAPPY TO HEAR THAT YOU HIT 10 YEARS 💖💖💖 No matter what I always smile to you and zoella doing the disney challenge that was one of my first videos on your channel and I never stop smiling when I'm watching you keep being one of the greatest people on this planet love you!
Liza and joe in one video yesss please
Omg why did this have me crying so hard 😭💋
Sweetest thing ever! Congratulations for 10 years and ... no more talk about 10 years!... but I hope 10 more because your videos and inspiration make my day and remind me that there isn't only good and positive in the world, but that people love to spread it, that they use their influence to make a positive change and to motivate the ones with less influence or less reach to ALSO SPREAD THE LOVE AND POSITIVITY because every single one of us matter\nLove you Tyler, happy 10 year anniversary💕
Oh all the emotions! I remember finding you on popsugar girls guide and thinking how funny you are. I got to grow up with you. I remember when you meet one direction and when you did your first podcast with Korey. I'm so proud of my little chicken nugget. Love you Tyler
Congratulations Tyler I have been watching you for the longest time and I'm so proud of you!!!! My favorite memory/video of you that had me laugh crying on the floor was the one of you and Marcus doing impressions with helium. Ilysm and happy 10 year!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
Anyone else sad that Dan and Phil wasn't in this video
So... where's Miranda? That would have been the funniest thing
How old is Tyler?
this is the sweetest thing ever im in tears\ncongratulations tyler!!! youve done so much in just 10 years youre truly amazing
Tyler, the biggest congratulations on your 10 years on YouTube! The first time I watched a video of yours was when I was in one of the lowest points in my life, and watching your videos was so inspiring and comforting to me, and watching your videos helped me feel a little less alone. You make every single one of your viewers feel like friends, and I couldn't be more grateful for you, your content, your advocacy for LGBT+, and your unapologetic honesty for living your life. Thank you so much Tyler, for everything, I love you <3
I went to see how long I have been subscribed and it said 2007 and Tyler you have made an impact on my life and you taught me to not care about what people think so thank you and I love you so much
Congratulations, Tyler!! 10 years, well done and well deserved!! You should be so so proud of yourself and the impact you've had. All my love, xx.
I LOVE YOU TYLER HAPPY 10 YEARS
because of you, i learned to be comfortable in my own skin
what i want to know is... where was ellen?
His reaction when he saw Joe is me and everyone else 😂
wow i can't believe its been almost three years since your slumber party stop in new jersey. i was the first question you answered that night but what made this moment so special was you commented on my name. you asked me if i ever feel like people just assume i have an h in my first name and they do but then you told me I'm beautiful with out which meant the world to me thank you so much for taking the time to make so personal. keep it up your videos always brighten my day love ya the video is on my insta @sarasmiley and Facebook sara smialkowski if you want to see this lovely moment
I went to the slumber party tour on my birthday to see you. Unfortunately I couldn't meet you though :(
You helped me come out to my mom love you tyty
Where's Coleen and Miranda?
Man, 10 years! Isn't that crazy?! I remember when I first subscribed. If my memory serves me right, I was 10 years old. Woah. I love you, and I'm so glad I've had you as a role model in my life, keep on being the amazing individual you are. Love ya Tyler. ❤️
I was 3 ten years ago😂😂😂😁
My favorite memory is when after a year of being subscribed to you I walked into the kitchen and heard my mom watching you. I was so confused but she loved your channel and probably watches more often than I do. 😂😂😂 After that I realized my mom is pretty cool and you brought us closer together ❤
5 mil on youtube in six months never done before not even u
I love you Tyler
aw tyler i love you
CONGRATS ON BEING HERE FOR 10 YEARS AND PUTTING UP WITH ALL OF US!!!! I have 1 question for you: How did you get so many friends?! I only have like.. 3 or 4 maybe less. Idk, I'm not gonna count my friends, but how did you do it?
You make me cry all the time!😢😭
Happy 10 years, Tyler! Thanks for all the laughter and, then, more importantly, being a role model! Because of you, I know what The Trevor Project is. I wrote a children's book about trans children that I used to come out to my family as gender queer with. I shared it with people in my school and it's being circulated in small groups, and I plan on eventually seeking publication for it, but I'm studying at the University of Texas at Austin for an MA in Media Studies right now. You consistently produce the kinds of media the world deserves more of, with love, compassion, shameless self-love, humor, and activism. Whatever you do over the next ten years and beyond, you can bet that I'll be watching and learning and cheering and sharing. ❤️❤️❤️
This video is everything. Oh Tyler Oakley. The first video I watched of yours was Pimp Cup after I saw charlieissocoollike mention you in a video, and I've been watching ever since. Your passion and drive is so inspirational, and I'm glad someone like you continues to have so much success. Congrats on 10 years!! Also, I loved getting to meet you at VidCon 2012 where you had a line in the lobby for 2-3 hours?? I was volunteering at check-in and desperately waiting to get off my shift, and I'm so glad I got a picture with you. You're amazing. <3
the first video i ever watched was “why gay marriage is wrong” by you in like 2010. it was my first introduction to the word gay and that someone could be gay. thats the first video i ever watched and to this day ill always remember it. you were weird and loud in the weird and i was so young and i wanted to know more about you. you were the first person to ever influence or make such an impact in my word. i can also remember meeting you and crying right after. you truly do not understand how much you have helped me grow as a person, but thank you.❤️ congrats on 10 yrs
Aww seeing connor was so cute and oh could tell Tyler was getting emo love them
Yas  I'm so happy!!!
i WAS A THREE YEAR OLD :p
Thank you for being a role model for me. I have been subscribed for about 6 or so months, and I am so proud of what you can do. You actually helped me come out of the closet and went in knowing that you were there for me, whether it was to just express feelings or to make me laugh. Thank you for everything you have done!
CONGRATULATIONS TYLER!!!🎉🎉🎉 you deserve everything you conquered and bring on more 10 years of pure love. Love you ❤️🇧🇷❤️🇧🇷❤️🇧🇷
WHEN LIZA CAME ON I SCREECHED
I love you bby!! So happy for you!! Keep being you!! Love you!! xoxo
Congratulations Love you so much!!!
I remember watching his videos 6 or 7 years ago. I found Hannah Hart through tyler in their first ever colab together. I found so many of my favorite people through Tyler including Tyler. THANK YOU FOR THESE 10 YEARS.
my favorite memory with you/of you is when you liked 3 of my tweets about you and binge AND when you liked my instagram picture!! CONGRATS ON 10 YEARS, BEEN SUBSCRIBED SINCE 2013 AND I'LL BE SUBSCRIBED FOREVER. you have saved my life countless times and your chapter in binge about abuse really resonates with me because i am abused by my parents so every time something happens, i flip to that chapter, read it and a big wave of hope comes over me. thank you for everything you've done for me and the other fans, tyler. i love you more than anything.
Tyler!  I am so INSANELY proud of everything you've done.  We met at your book signing in Michigan (Go green) and I just remember literally shaking while I was meeting you.  You are an absolute icon to me not only because you are so open with your sexuality, but also because you have the most infectious laugh and smile.  For the last nine years, (I'm not gonna lie I haven't been here for the whole ten) every single time I saw you upload I just got so excited because I knew I was going to laugh and smile along with you every video.  Happy ten years!  I'm so insanely proud of you❤️
I loved watching you when you got drunk with sawyer!!! 😂😂
I haven't watched you or any of you guys for a few years now but back in middle school I was obsessed with so many of these people and I even met some of you, and just wow this video is so full of nostalgia awwww
Omg Tyler ilysssssm I've been watching you since I was 8 or 9 years old and I am now 12 yrs going on thirteen. Congratulations of ten years on the amazing place of YouTube. You have helped so many people become happy and you always put a big smile on my face every time I watch you.\nKeep being you. Your amazing just the way you are. And I love you for who you are.\nI am glad I have stuck around and watched your channel grow and watch you give this world something special.\n-Ayla X
Happy 10 years!!! Can’t believe I’ve been following you for 10 years!!! 😍😍 literally so happy for you! To more success and a incredible journey ahead! Woohoo! ❤️❤️
I subscribed in 2013 because I loved your laugh 😂😂😂😂
that one video where you dance to bad bitch is my best memory of you
A tiny little twink -joey graceffa 2k17
LIZAAAAA!
*Grace and Mamrie pop up* \nTyler: These idiots 😂
ummmm tyler ?????? it’s caspAr
Do I have to still read the promoter? Liza Koshy 2K17
Happy 10 years Tyler! ♡♡♡ you are the brightest star in the galaxy. You've been an inspiration to me ever since I came across that video of I think you and Miranda. I don't know how long you will keep doing this but however many years that is just know you started the dream so keep the dream alive :)) love from the bottom of my bowl of ice cream 😭❤
Never seen anyone more deserving than you! Congratulations Tyler! I've been following you for yeaaaaaars and it's amazing to see how much you blossomed! Continue being such a positive and inspiring person! Way to go!
Who came here for Liza
I love you i want you to be my boyfriend
i love you tyler i am from colombia you are such an inspiration i have been following you for 9 years i love yoi thanks for just being you i loooove you
CONGRATS 🖤🖤❣️❣️❤️💛💚💙💜
I'm just scared her eyelashes are not gonna come off since she used carpenters glie
It literally turned out better than when i try to do my makeup with actual makeup tools, dafuq
are those mostly ELF products xD
Is it crazy that it didn't even look that bad lol
I replayed the hardwear joke too many times lol
it took u 2 hours to do that 😂
We just posted our first YouTube video, please check it out! Soon we will upload more vlogs
Does anyone know the song at 3:24 ??
Uh..... she used makeup........\n\n\n\n\n\nI guess she didn't only use hardware tools.......\n\n\nIs makeup hardware tools?😄😄😄😄
if you look closely it took her 2h to film this
That is a really pretty lipstick, what shade/ brand is it?  Please reply I would like to know it's so pretty
Is it sad that she did her makeup better with tools than I do without tools?\n\n\n\n\nYeah, it's sad
In the beginning I was like is a little boy hacking liz— \nOh wait it's Liza!
Liza is cuter than Joey\n\n\n\n\nread the description  like a good boy
This is better than my normal makeup well I may be 13 so
she shouldve put like a serious text disclaimer not just chuckle while saying oh kids dont do this at home huhuhuhuh
Oml she always says she doesn't have eyebrows but they are actually kind of full
Her makeup actually looks really good tho😂
You might even say that this was quite hard to wear😂
I tried that 420 dance lol you have to be really little lol I'm tall just looked weird but what the heck lol
this is my most favorite video of hers
Dude right when I pressed the thumbs up she said thanks for the thumbs up😂
BITCH MIC DROP!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSorry am just an army...us army's are weird
The slo mo when she went crossed eyed killed me!! 😂😂
The hard ware joke killed me
WHEN THE VIDEO STARTED I SAW THT THE CLOCK SAID 4:25 AND I WAS LIKE OH MY GOD DID SHE MISS 4:20?!😂 and then I watched to the end and realized SHE FRIKIN DID BRUH😂
You need to make mercy!!!!!❤
Her make up still looks better than what I do to my face with normal make up tools
did anyone else think she looked like a girl Donald trump
This was posted on my birthday!
Omg Liza you did a really good job on the makeup and you are so funnyyyyy😂😂😂😂😊😊
oh, honey, i'm home. 😏
From 2:02 - 2:06 her pun was \n\n\n\n\n\n\nScrew it
she looks so good after
I HAVE THE EXACT SAME BOX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I swear to god it doesn't even look that bad
LINK TO THIS TOOL BOX PLZ
Man the makeup looks...... unique. But THOSE EYEBROWS!!!!
Still better than my actual makeup
She kind of nailed it get it🔨
DRINKING GAME! Every time Liza says a pun, you take a shot.
OMG right at she said so please watch the ad so you can pay for my hospital bills an ad popped up 😂😂😂😂
My favorite part was wen you said oh...dainty! 😂😂
i gusses most of it
Who's that Sexy thing I see over there?
WTH DOES SHE STILL LOOK SO GOOD
Little chocolat girl talking to a camera! lol
she doesn't look that bad really
Don't do this any where
Come to my birthday party LIZA!!!!! I'm your biggest fan.
Why does it look good tho
Liza:HMMMMMMMMM...........HMMMMMM......Me:girl stop doing HMMMM ........ and that liza you just wierd
I'm scared to laugh at one of her puns because I might not hear another one with my hyena laugh
I cringed when she ruined the make up
This has to be the only helpful makeup tutorial I've ever seen 😂
You know how long she made this vid by looking at her computer from 4:25 till 6:35
Who danced when she said Hammertime in the music came on?
Mic drop who?\n*baepsae* that's what
Who else is watching the exact time she was making this ( I know because the backround computer) Just Me? Ok
I LOVE THIS SM
Who else watched it until the end then rewinded it to the beginning just to look at the time on the computer in the background
i couldn't stop staring at the time on her computer...\n\n\n\n\n\ni also noticed it took her 2 and a half hours to film this video lol
You look kinda good
Yuck \nThat's gross.
That slow mo
Soz I have yt red
Liza looks beautiful either way 😍
She actually ended looking rly good
Tiny baby hitler mustaches?!?!?!?!
Get the Hammer #Madea
i love you
were i liza?
so cheesy
........wow..
Nooooo
NEVER DAB AGAIN 1:58
Liza is cuter than Joey
Put some eyebrows on girl
High\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYhnh
puns...
Actually looks pretty good Ecks dee.
Liza is cuter than joey
😂 😂 😂 L 😂 L
3:17
She actually did amazing.
😂🤣😂🤣😂 WE NEED MORE LITTLE LIZZZA!
Lmaooooo puns for days
Wow
Who/what are you
Those fake eyelash job made me cringe
Peanut Butter baby 😂😂😂
Hi
honestly sk8er boi makes me so emo
So Beautiful
liza is cuter than joey:)
It is acully good
Fab
U slayed this
Omg
Mic Drop from BTS
Jesus, can everyone relax about that guy? I get that nobody asked for his opinion and that Sammi wasn't checking her reflection or worrying about her looks, but maybe he just tried to be nice, that's all. Sometimes I feel like people aren't being feminist anymore but downright misandrous.
love anthropology!!!
He saw you looking at yourself and probably thought he was being kind putting your mind at rest. Yes I would of been embarrassed if he said it to me but I really don't think it deserves so much hate. I don't know, difference of opinions I guess.
Saaaaaammm, I'm OBSESSED with those earrings! Soooo nice!  And that red lip is everything, especially the particular red you chose matches your skin beautifully. This was a great vlog, and of course, so happy I got my little Indie fix! LOL. Oh, and as an aside: The font writing is too white, and too small; could barely read it.
Indy's face with the caption Pub lunch Terrible service at 2:08 made my day lol😂
Take a sip of water every time Sam says pots\n\nStay hydrated!!!
I've had plants for 40 plus years. You need to buy pots with drainage holes to prevent root rot. Get some landscape fabric and cut out to fit at bottom of pot to prevent dirt from escaping. Also buy saucers to put your pots on to collect water run off. There's a really good YouTube channel called Garden Answer and you'll learn so much from Laura. From outside plants to indoor as well as succulents. I think you'll Really enjoy her channel. Best of Luck! Oh and Indie is scrumptious!
Sam, firstly, can I squish Indy (without hurting her!) bc she’s THAT ADORABLE!!! How can a child be THAT cute?!! I LOVE her!! Also, I know curly hair can be a B and so can London weather, but here’s a tip (I do h&M in fashion & adv, and, I have curly hair!) if you take a few sections around your face, front hairline....and time permitting, scatter a few more pieces here and there..there’s a quick easy way to have it feel more polished (but still wild!). That is, take a smaller iron,  1/2 - 3/4 inch, to match your curl, more or less, and simply smooth out a few pieces-  bang area, front, temple, and a piece or 2 behind the ear (but leave the end out-it’s sexier and will blend well) I shampoo, then diffuse, then curl, and it stays for days-or even when you just want to freshen up the look and not wash it...curl a few pieces! It gives a soft sexy look- I get compliments left and right! You looked HOT regardless (over the lip colour on you!) just wanted to share...in case u were interested! <3
I miss Jason's cooking videos!!!
I love it when you get excited over simple things. Just a tip about the Mother in Laws tongue plant. This Plant's roots grow very fast and thick. It is known to break the pots!! Its a slow growing plant, however, it will do better in a much bigger pot. Love this vlog!
AGH I get SO frustrated when a guy tells you something like Oh, don't worry, you look great without being asked, especially when it's an older man.  I feel like with younger guys, they should know better so I don't feel bad telling them that I don't really care what they think, but I find it so hard with older/elderly men who think they are being nice and don't realize how intrusive they are.  Instead, I'm stuck standing there thanking them for what they think is a compliment.
Im burning angel food cake candle rn too!!!!! love it
Those pots were really cute! I like hearing about pots and all the homewear you get. I'm 26 and more into styling my home so please continue to share all your home decor tips!
Great video i need some plants in my home 🌷
*Are you lооking fоr hot dates in your nеighbourhood?*

dXhDtNRYc4Y,\n *Theу hеrе ➤➤* http://gozon.ru/hot/?v=dXhDtNRYc4Y_993357
Loved coming along to fashion week! Loooved the outfit :))
Hey make sure your pots have drainage holes (or place those small plastic pots inside of them) otherwise your plants might drown/die. Especially the succulents!
Have you seen the cute googley eye pot on urban outfitters website? And they have other designs too :)
i have missed your vlogs so much! <3
Love love love your new bag! xxx
Love your new handbag animal print is my fav because you can use it as a neutral and it can go with so many different outfits
this was such good vlog! love seeing more of you + Jason <3
Just an FYI it all you so called feminist. Being a feminist doesn't mean hate for men! Or anything that a men can do a women can do better. It means equality for all! Black, white, Hispanic,  Asian , lgbttq,  disabled, men and women! I dnt when it turned into a man bashing movement .
Enjoying the vlogs but please for the love of god stop using the super tiny white font in your videos. Some people are watching you on their iPhones and I genuinely want to read what it is you're inserting but I really can't. Pleaaaaase.
the song at the versus show was 'spliff' by the austrian band bilderbuch- they are so so good!
I love plants too
I love your style! You're so confident I love it
I love your phone case where can I buy it! I know it's comme de garçon but where do I get it !!
Please share how you look after a plant... I just killed a cactus 🌵😩
Hi, sorry could is the missing word!  Sorry. ☹️
We are a new family daily vlog channel! Can we please get a shout out to help our channel grow!
Loved this vlog! And you of course!! What song was used during the first fashion show?
Miss Jason in the vlogs, love how real you guys are. I know he is private, but do appreciate his appearances 😀
Maybe people should look at how women are treated in countries like Afghanistan. Then a simple, friendly comment from a man who probably thought he was being nice wouldn't be such a big deal.
OMG Indie's face at 2:07, together with the caption reading 'pub lunch. terrible service'. I died. So n'sync.  Haha!
Hi Sam! Just to say that the &OS earring suit you so well, you look so good in them, with that black top and eyeliner... omg gorgeous!! \nloved also your vlog backstage at FW! \nx
Sam, sorry if this has been mentioned already. Pls could you share where indies high chair is from and  whether you find it easy to clean. Thanks!
Your day to day boring (as you quote) life is so relaxing to watch, btw you look amazing in both looks in this vlog
Love that little round pot with the ridges...I think you should keep it...And you sweatty glow looked beautiful.
Jason eating dry bagels is soo triggering, I used to do that when there's no food in the house 😂😂😂
I really enjoyed this one Sam!! Liked the bits at home planting pots, then feeding Indie, to getting all glam and being at shows. Really showed how diverse most peoples lives are between outside and inside the home :)
You were just killing all the outfits in the video!! 👏🏿 love you Sam😘
You look amazing! I've thought about it every time I've watched one of the videos you've made since you came back from your holiday and now I'm finally writing it 😊 Your new pants with that black shirt and your beautiful hair 😍 Your videos are the only ones on YouTube I watch all of 😅 It just makes me happy... you are so real, living your dream, looking amazing - even when you are not feeling at your best ❤️ and it's a true joy when we get to follow you (almost) every day 😃
Sammi: might put my mother in laws tongue in this\nMe, someone with zero knowledge on horticulture: damn wtf she can't be that bad surely
As someone who has no clue on plant names... 'my mother in law's tongue' threw me a bit ha ha! Such a great vlog as usual though :)
I LOVE that angel food candle from Anthro! I need to get another one, it smells divine 😍
Samantha Maria, I Loove you! I want to see you someday..
I was worried about you when I heard the another attack in London. Stay safe Sam!!
Love love love the blue jeans you're wearing at the end, I think they look so flattering where are they from?
Where is your black top from (one at end)? Love it x
who else goes to the loo or to make tea when a 36 second ad appears on Sams video lol. okay video see you in a bit.
Love your vlogs so much! I'd really like to see and know jason more but I can also understand if hes uncomfertable
u are an inspiration
Im really getting into plants too! but more terrariums with cactus and succulents they're super easy to maintain. LOVE the pot haul
I just realized how lovely black clothes are on you! 😍 It really suits your skin tone. Could you please consider doing a lookbook featuring mostly black?
Omg I love your outfit 😻 you always look so fly
Your vlogs are really lovely to watch and so relatable. Im not married or have a child, but I feel like I just get you :)
IM IN LOVE WITH THAT BAG WOW!
you are giving me 70's retro vibes with a modern twist....<3
Samantha u r one of the most genuine  n sweetest vlog gers.
Bring the bangs back! You look so good with them! And without but you know what I mean lol
You look so pretty in this vlog. You always look pretty but you're glowing so much... sending love from Trinidad❤️
totally get it Sammi, big highlight for you. well done for getting to this point. your outfit for LFW was amaze, need those pants :)\nlongtime fan x
Yes 😭! I miss vlogs, I've been watching old ones. I feel so calm now thank you girl 💗😌
Buy larger pots! They'll die without enough root room - buy one that feels roomy.
I am lovvvvvving the dangling earrings on u!! idk how, but they compliment ur eyes!!
I really enjoyed this video, best fashion week that I've seen.
You look beautiful as always, but mainly, you are sooooo bubbly and fun that you put a smile on my face and that is why I am a fan, I only follow about 3,4 bloggers as I don't have much time to follow more, so I'm quite picky who to spend time on, you definitely have that something! Love from Greece x
Love everything you wear that statement earrings and that bag 👍😳so nice on you and the red lips 👄 you are so blooming 😘😘😘
Hello from Canada 🇨🇦 xoxo 😘 I love love love ❤️ your look at the end of this video!!! And those earrings!!! Wow! Beautiful:)
Hahaha at the beginning I thought you said I'm going to put my mother in law's tongue in 😂
I can't see all those captions on my phone. Please, use the biggest font possible! Lol
yay maje ... the best ever....if your ever in birmingham selfridges do come to ourl concession  we would love to make your shopping experience a memorable one x
The Maje bag is beautiful !
16 £ for one bowl OMG
Yasss Jason!!
I'm really enjoying your      vlogs!
Looking gorgeous! Xx
THAT FIRST UTIFT IS BOMB! SLAY SAMMI!! ❤️
Love your vlogs Sammi! That leopard print bag 😍
Love your lipstick 💄 what colour please
loved your outfiiittt
Loved this vlog, you look amazing. <3
More pots and plants
Realising Jason is liteeerrallly Jon Snow. Their accents are identical!\n#winteriscoming
You look so beautiful!
That maje bag is everything 🔥🔥
You look fabulous Sammy!
OBSESSED with that bag 😍😍😍😍
I love your earrings ❤️
Your earrings 😍🔥
I honestly believe that man was just trying to be complimentary. I'm sure his intentions were innocent.
That was fun to see the Fashion Week footage; right now Vancouver Fashion Week just started too! (Vancouver BC Canada) My daughter is a model in it, and it's a bit of a family event. Fun. Thanks for the vid, enjoyed it!
The amount of random catcalling you catch in your vlogs is - well, I'd like to say it's surprising but it's not haha. Jesus. Old men need to quit it.
Shout out to the Vegan activists sabotaging the event due to the all the animal use with skins and furs being used :)
loved the plant and pots bit 🌿👌
It's truly funny to me how up in arms people are over a man telling a woman she looks beautiful...
Omg that guy coming up to you and your fake laugh 😂😂😂 I don't think men realize how uncomfortable they make women when they do things like that lol.
what does pot mean? i am from austria .P
Links from this episode below! 👇 YOU CHOOSE the design I'll make in an upcoming episode - vote here! --- http://craftsy.me/2xclDDA\n\nGrab this chocolate carrot cake recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2fw0cWo\n\nGrab this cream cheese frosting recipe --- http://craftsy.me/2hbwUjt\n\nCheck out my steampunk molds on the episode roundup --- http://craftsy.me/2w44KJU\n\nRead up on what the crew is excited about for this season of Man About Cake --- http://craftsy.me/2wq6gu6
Plzzz collab with how to cake it ❤ i love both your chanels so much
Omg! This is the mother of the cakes! It's beautiful just like everything you make ! But this!!!! This is raw!!
This video was amazing!\nSincerely,\nA new sub
This cake is ridiculously fabulous! As a former steampunker, I approve! Would you do a 12 tall Tardis cake?
Please do a collab with 'How to cake it' :)
I 💜 this! This might be my new fave  @manaboutcake
Please, you should collaborate with 'how to cake it'!!!! You two make the most amazing cakes!! :)
Yolanda Game \nHow to Cake it
You should totally find a way to be on the show cupcake wars, I know that cakes are your thing but u could be amazing on it!! You could definitely win with your wonderful cake ideas!!
YAY I MISSED YOU and your deliciousness. Oh and your cakes. 
Omgoodness! I made your chocolate carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting for a coworker's bday and it turned out FANTASTIC!! I only wound up using half the frosting for the cake, tho. The other half I slowly ate with a spoon over the course of the next month. It was delicious and amazing. I would also love if at some point you did a whimsy cake!
Brandon is the Jason of Man About Cake #GTLive
YOOO I LOVE CHIPS TOO NEVER BE ASHAMED CHIPS ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are all pretty good, I wanna see all of them.
first video ive ever seen by them and im subbing already welp
I was so excited to stumble across your channel... until I realised that you're videos seem to totally be copying Yolandas (how to cake it) 🙁
Lol I love the way he expressed punk
It'd be epic if you could do a collab with Yolanda (how to cake it). Also, here's a vote for a mad hatter/garden tea party cake. ❤️
Kind of Hopeing the bonsai tree cake wins. Mainly because A.) It could be a Green tea or different flavored tea cake, B.) The trees bushes could be lightly dusted in different colors so it can look seasonal and such, and C.)I really wanna see the out come of hat it will look like :D
I love that he eats his crumbs
This cake is amazing. My son asked me to comment for him and request a super hero cake. Really enjoy your channel.
Where can I find u cake recipes
Can you collab with rosanna pansino please
Who remembers his food network days omg thats how i discovered you, my fave decorator ever!!
A REPEATED SHIRT!!!! Is it me or has their shirts never been repeated before.... until now😂😂😂
Have you ever thought to do a collaboration with how to cake it?
can you plz make a kraken?? L🖤VE ur vids btw! i love cake (lol) and this is the first vid ive seen of yours and its absolutely magical how you let ur imagination flow but still keep that element of realism! 🖤 gonna go watch all your other vids now! KEEP UP THE DOPE VIDS
Looking for modeling chocolate recipe, please share...
Must've been time consuming to make
Can you make a harry potter cake!!!!!\nLike if you agree
if you haven't already, you should collaborate with Yolanda Gampp on how to cake it
Super super super ammmazing... Never seen anything like this before..... Hats off JJR
Make a video with Yolanda from how to cake it please!!!!!!!!
I'd love it if you did a bachelorette party cake!!!
Why do you use corn starch on the modeling chocolate for some things, but powdered sugar for other parts? Is there any specific reason?
You should make an ombré cake that would look so cool💕
Can you make an Alice in Wonderland cake? :3
Nightmare before Christmas cake would be wicked
Can you make a golden egg cake from Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?!
Peoples asking him to collaborate with Yolanda, try to think about them and take a moment to look at their technique.. Sorry to say that but Yolanda is definitively more professional and meticulous and like using rules and measurement...\nI love him too, but it's like telling to Leonardo Da Vinci to work with Picasso.. I love both of them but they don't belong in the same god damn univers.\nI think both of them would not enjoy it at all...
Can you please collab with Yolanda a.k.a how to cake it.
I am going to be getting married soon, and I really want to bake my own cake.  Could you do a cake with the tools you would see in a standard kitchen?  (I.E no fondant, molding chocolate, or molds)
I missed you!!!!!! So happy you're back!!
Make a man out of cake
Will you be in the surprise box?
Can you make a motherboard\n cake
Hi can you make my wedding cake the wedding is October the 19
Love all your tshirts!!! Where do you get them?!
You should colab with Yolanda from How to cake it ;)
challenge. make an awesome cake that would require fondant but don't use fondant
You, sir, have been missed! Don't collaborate with anyone; you ARE enough.
There's an other season coming write
bonsai cake pls!!!
Now I know what I'm  do I g for my hubby  60th birthday nect5 month😁 thanks for the inspiration BTY that cake  looks the bomb👍👏👊
Collab w\ Rosanna pansino plz I already reminded her
I just want an episode called Men Behind Cake and it's just a video of the guys behind the camera trying to make a cake based on JJR's instructions
Frank the tank cake isn't what the people need
with the food bronze powder you can do a contour cheekbone cake lol
Amazing cake and amazin man show 👍👍👍👍
I miss your videos! More likely you. :)
I wanna see a freaky Halloween cake with mad pumpkins and spider legs and more bubble tea straw snipping sounds lol
Please do a Star Wars Cake <3
I'm so glad Man About Cake is back :D
Joshua trying to explain what steam and punk is quite funny.
make a doctor who cake.please please please.make all kinda themed cakes this season.
One of the best cakes I have ever seen on ur show
I love the cake! ❤️ But I'm sorry I have to say the lines are so messy! 😞
Oh my goodness, love this! The ideas you used for the this cake is amazing 👍🏻
Oh man! I missed these guys so much! BEST PEOPLE EVER!
this's so freakin cool! my fav by fra
Hell yeahhh more video pliizzzzz
Il love  steampunk
واااااااو  waaaaaaaaaaaaw
awesome... like always
Love it!
That is the COOLEST CAKE EVERRRR!!!!! 😎
pennywise 2017 👌👌
Oml your amazing
I love it!!
Chocolate carrot cake? Um ew lol
A unicorn cake!! 🦄🦄🦄🦄
no bubble tea straw????!!!?!?!
Y'all Mother Fuckers need Charles Babbage..
Pick me ur cakes are awesome
Hermosa torta!
Ahhhhh! Steampunk steampunk steampunk I'm freaking out!
Yoyo
!PLZ! Do a colab with Nerdy Nummies ( RO )
Boy you are effing incredible!
wowwwwww😍😍😍😍😍😍😊
thank you very much
FINALLLYYYYY IM SO HAPPY YOURE BACK!!!!!!
STUNNING
Awesome job Joshua, my favorite so far 😁
Season 6?
This cake is insane...
Yaaaaay😁gorgeous been waiting all year 🙈
Harry Potter please
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS CAKE !! Awesome job
Why do I still cry when I see you and hear your wonderful voice?? Why does it hurt so much??\nI will always regret, my beautiful nightingale, that I never had the chanche to thank you so much for being my compagnion through every stage in my life... I can only write it down again, as I did so many times before: Thanks for the songs, Mr.Cohen..\nBlessed Be;\nAlthea )0(
Is this the official music video? A fitting tribute, I could imagine the spirit of Cohen walking through his memories after death while watching this, he left the table, he's out of the game, but the music is still playing on.
Canada is proud of your poetry
This should be #1 on trending , and casey neistadt should be last, or off it completely..permanently...
the only one missing is you
R.I.P Leonard Cohen
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.
Happy birthday Leonard...rest in peace friend
This made me cry so hard
thank you sir for helping this 22 year old male with his life problems. your music is beautiful and that's coming from a real ghetto polish kid. Thank you to my father also for introducing me to your music, it really helped me to heal wounds.
Give me a Leonard Cohen afterworld
Cohen died, his art is immortal
The table has come back, now majestic.
this made me sad at 2 am
To all the lovers...!
This is one of the most haunting songs I've ever heard.
Teach the Angels to listen your  b e a u t i f u l  songs!!
♥ Mr. Cohen ♥\nBeautiful song...\nThank you very much ♥
Wow.  Pure poetry and evocation.  Farewell Leonard, I wont pretend to think I will see you on any other side, but damn, you gave real sound to my life on this side!
This was probably one of the greatest birthday presents I could have gotten, Thank you for being you Mr. Cohen. May you rest in peace ❤
2:25 And could I ask you, each person to light a match, so I could see where you all are? ... I would love to see those matches flare :')
really dig the video and song. here's a write-up we did about it https://zumic.com/leaving-the-table-leonard-cohen-youtube-music-video
You are missed, Leonard Cohen.  Thank you for all you sang and wrote.
Love the song
Love L. C. . We dont blow out the flame. I can feel it. You my name and you tell me from yor star that you are stell my lover. Kiss from your baby. L.J.
13 people just don't like emotions I guess
I don’t need a reason\nFor what I became\nI’ve got these excuses\nThey’re tired and they’re lame\nI don’t need a pardon, no no, no no, no\nThere’s no one left to blame
Beautiful song, we love you
did a child write these lyrics
Happy Birthday Leonard,  wherever you are now.
This is blowing my flame ...mind blowing !!
Wait, didn't he die?
May it rest in peace his beautiful soul and may his songs live on.
I believe Leonard Cohen to be a genius and a philosopher and this simple song very moving in view of his impending death but am I the only one to find some of these images lacking in taste and unworthy? A sort of poor Leonard Graphic moving in the clouds. Really???
It's nice to honor him few days earlier from his birthday
Thank you for making art in this world of misery and bad people. Rest in peace, artist.
Wonderful ! Thank you very much !
Sigh...We really miss you Leonard...now more than ever. But hey...Everybody knows...that.
Really beautiful video, I admit I shed a few tears just like I did the first time I heard this song❤️
Poet, prophet, performer, keeper of our love.  <3
Thanks you for  your beautiful  songs, Thanks ypu for returning a bit of my Tug! I miss you Tug!
And now there's tears in my eyes
All that I can say is... thank you, Mr. Cohen, thanks for the good music and the company.
He is an angel.
What a sexy voice.....beautiful Lenny <3
i love you, leonard. thank you♥️🌹
Leonard Cohen's continued gift here, to me, appears to be about letting of mind's construct/ the material world manifestation and resting in the essence of It All. This is the kind of death that is selflessness, knowing our True Self, alive in what lasts forever in this only moment at evolution's edge. Truth. Knowing. Bliss.
Rest easy Leonard! You are missed and loved!
What can I say ? \nAn unrepeatable voice, a unique Talent ...! \nHe's a Living Legend !\nHe was ,\nHe is ,\nHe will be !\nForever....!\nVl'ado. 19 Sep 2017
What a voice . So mellow. What a poet. So sublime. Just profound.
God I love this man and his music. I began listening to him when I was 12, I am 43 now!
So glad I was able to see him i concert a few years ago.I thank you,sir.
Just like the rest of the greats he's still with us in spirit . Lover Lover Lover.
Magic
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
THE BEST
Thank you, Lovely Soul !
awe!
YESSSSS, Thank you so much Leonard Cohen
waw  sublime  merci  <3
Thank you
awesome
simply amazing.
prachtig lied en mooie video
beautiful t,s Мr
Bonjour! Est-ce qu'il y a quelqu'un qui sait qui a produit ce sublime vidéo? Merci
Just beautiful!
Happy Birthday Sir.
Sweet video.Missing Leonard
Thank you, Mr. Cohen! <3
thank you
Beautiful!
I'm speechless ~
Love him❤️
👍
an actual poet
Leonard Cohen - Leaving the Izrael
Hermoso!
Igen!!!
Wonderful song !!! Rest in peace Genius !!! Hallelujah Leonard !!!! ✨
¿´? .
💖
Obrigado, Sr. Cohen!
lovee
ke linda voz ❤❤❤
💙Magnífico💙
wonderful Mr Cohen
Wow! Rip Cohen ✌🏻
Miss you, commander
Bravo! Bellísimo!
滄桑的歌聲~詮釋了人生的許多孤寂與無奈~~~
Rest in Peace <3
Merci Mr COHEN\nMonia
Dieser großartige Künstler wird für immer unvergessen bleiben.
muy pero muy bien, Q.E.D. GENIO.
Que voz! Que talento! Que artista!\nEterna saudade!
Gracias., único en su estilo.
Obrigada. ... muito linda. .... uma prece a Deus por sua alma.
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord
Beautiful !!!!!!!
На учениях «Запад-2017» на полигоне в Ленобласти боевой вертолет попал ракетами по зрителям  The K52 helicopter shoots on the civilians during the military exercise because of the malfunction
You know the video is about to be raw when the title is in a foreign language
Go watch some helicopters they said\nIt will be fun they said
A Russian military helicopter accidentally fires on parked cars and journalists during a military exercise.
“Mission failed, we’ll get em’ next time”
in mother russia, missile shoot itself!
Если не только в стране, а и в армии бардак, то это - п.здец!
Description has English translation.
Did I see someone die?? I need a translation!!
When mom tells you to wait in the car
Did dat guy survive?? It was brutal
How it feels to chew 5gum\n\n0:13\n\n5gum, stimulate your senses
They probably thought he was gay
was the pilot aiming for Poutine?
За пять дней учений Запад-2017 доблестная и славная военщина Хуйлостана(бывшая Россия) потеряла:\n\n— Командующего Воздушно-десантными войсками (ВДВ) России генерала-полковника Андрея Сердюкова\n\n— заместителя Главкома по воздушно-десантной подготовке генерала-майора Владимира Кочеткова\n\n— помощника главкома ВДВ\n\n— адъютанта главкома ВДВ\n\n—  трех хуйлостанских журналистов-пропагандонов\n\n— отделение из 6 саперов\n\n— корвет класса «Неустрашимый»\n\n— стратегический бомбардировщик Ту-22М3\n\n— учебно-боевой самолёт ЯК-130\n\n— машину управления БЛА комплекса РБ-341В «Леер-3»\n\nЭто только список, который попал в СМИ и подтверждён фото-видео материалами. Сколько там сейчас всего небоевых потерь не знает никто.\n\nЧто сказать???\n\nУчения удались во всю славу величия хуйлостанского(бывшего российского) оружия.
Not one person (that I saw on this post) asked if that poor bastard survived the missile blast?!?
But were the Trucks OK?????????
Just a heads up, don't load the guns if your just doing an air show....
So are we going to conclude that guy walking is dead ? Or
They’re doing a military exercise in a civilian area with live weapons? What the fuck is wrong with them? \n\nI’ll leave this here for people trying to explain it:(Obviously they’d need real weapons in a real scenario with civilians around, but come on)
wow, trying to kill their counterparts. Smh
When you don't have a buzzard
(((Homosexuality is an abomination before a Holy God. If they dont repent and stop doing this sinful act they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Are they going to be lovers of their flesh more then lovers of their God/Creator??? And here is the scriptural Proff in the scriptures)))...  \nThen the Lord said, The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is so great and their sins so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as bad as the outcry that has reached me, if not, I will know. (Genesis 18:20-21). Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom-Both young and old-surrounded the house. They called to lot, Where are the men, (Two Angels), who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them. (Genesis 19:4-5). Get out of our way, They replied. And they said, This fellow, (Angels), came here as alien, and now they want to play the judge we'll treat you worse than them.  They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door. But the men/Angels inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door. Then the Men/Angels struck the men who were at the door of the house young and old, with blindness so that they could not find the door. (Genesis 19:9-11). The Angels said to Lot, Get your relatives out of here, Because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it. (Genesis 19:12-13).\n\nDo not lie with a man as one lies with a women; it is an abomination. (Leviticus 18:22). If a man lies with a man as one lies with a women, both of them have committed an abomination. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:13). A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for all that do so are an abomination unto the Lord thy God. (Deuteronomy 22:5). There were even Sodomites in the land; The people engaged in all the abomination practices of the nations the Lord had driven out before the Israelites. (1 Kings 14:24).\n\n Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, as his father David had done. He expelled the Sodomites from the land and got rid of all the idols his fathers had made. (1 Kings 15:11-12). He rid the land of the rest of the Sodomites who remained there even after the reign of his father Asa. (1 Kings 22:46). He also tore down the quarters of the Sodomites that were by the house of the Lord and where women did weaving for Asherah. (2 Kings 23:7). No one who has been emasculated/castrated by cutting or crushing the male sex organ may enter the assembly of the Lord. (Deuteronomy 23:1).\n\nGod gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion. (Romans 1:26-27). (Homosexual/Sodomite sympathizers), although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things, but also approve of those who practice them. (Romans 1:32). Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the fornicators, nor idolaters nor adulterers nor Homosexual/Effeminate/Sodomites nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God. And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. (1 Corinthians 6:9-11). That the law is not made for a righteous person, but for the lawless and insubordinate, for the ungodly and for sinners, for the unholy and profane, for murders of fathers and mothers, for manslayers, for fornicators, for Sodomites, for kidnappers, for liars, for perjurers, and if there is any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine. ( 1 Timothy 1:9-10). Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to fornication and going after strange flesh, (Homosexual/Sodomites). They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire. (Jude 7). Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers in the world, to abstain from fleshly desires, which war against your souls. (1 Peter 2:11).\n\n Everyone that is Proud in heart is an Abomination to the Lord: though they join forces, none will go unpunished. (Proverbs 16:5). Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall. (Proverbs 16:18). To fear the Lord is to hate evil; I hate pride and arrogance, evil behavior and perverse speech. (Proverbs 8:13). He (God) beholdeth all high things: He (Satan) is a king over all the children of pride. (Job 41:34). God opposed the Proud but gives grace to the humble. (James 4:6).\n\nThe look on their faces testifies against them; they parade their sin like Sodom; they do not hide it, Woe to them! They have brought disaster upon themselves. (Isaiah 3:9). God is just: He will pay back to those who trouble you, and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when The Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with his powerful Angel punishing those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out of the presence of the Lord. (2 Thessalonians 1:7-9). Call on to Jesus for forgiveness and He will set you free and be your God. Jesus said: Unless you are born again, (With the Holy spirit), you cannot enter the Kingdom of God. (John 3:3).\n\nJesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Parish. (Luke 13:3). Don't you know that you yourself are Gods temple and that God spirit lives in you? If anyone destroys God's temple, God will destroy them; For Gods temple is sacred, and you are that temple. (1 Corinthians 3:16-17). So if the Sodomite commit, or anyone by that matter commit suicide and not repent of their sins. Jesus said: Unless you repent you will all likewise Perish. (Luke 13:3).\n\nThey will be cast into outer darkness. Where there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and the fire is never quenched. Jesus said in, (Luke 13:28), (Matthew 13:42), (Matthew 25:29-30), (Matthew 8:12), (Matthew 22:13), (Mark 9:48).\n\nSee Jesus always talked about Hell, but people never wanted to talk or hear about it. Always love love love. But people are going to find out about Gods wrath the hard way if they keep going to these false ministers and living in Sin.\n\nJesus said: Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the son of man. (Luke 6:22). Jesus said: Woe to you when all men speak well of you, for that is how their fathers treated the false Prophets. (Luke 6:26). Jesus said: If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. (John 15:18). Jesus said: If you belong to the world, it would love you as its own. As it is, you do not belong to the world, but I have chosen you out of the world that is why the world hates you. (John 15:19).\n\nAm I now trying to win the approval of men, or of God? Or am I trying to please men? If I were still trying to please men, I would not be a servant of Christ. (Galatians 1:10).\n\nJesus said: the world does not hate you, but It hates me because I testify its works are evil. (John 7:7).\nJesus said: Nevertheless I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, the comforter/Holy spirit will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you, and when he comes, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of Judgment: of sin, because they believe not on me. (John 16:7).\n\nTopheth ,(Hell), has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the king (Satan). Its fire pit has been made deep and wide with an abundance of fire and wood; the breath of the Lord, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze. (Isaiah 30:33).  \n\nJesus said: Then he will say to those on his left. Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his Angels. (Matthew 25:41).\n\nThis is not a hate speech, this is love speech. Please don't trample on the Blood of Jesus. He wants to save you and set you free. I love each and every one of you, just like Jesus did on the cross for you and me.
Ok I think I got the controls. Wait what does this button do?
I like how this gets on the trending page
So that nigga in front died...
Weak ass missile... Had it been American it would have melted the camera
i hope the guy is okay i watched it in slow mo and he did not seem to get hit.
That's just how you get a ticket in Russia.
Did the guy walking towards the car dead???
YouTube doesn't trend videos that deserve to be trending but trends a video of someone being hurt or potentially killed. That's fucked up
*0:13* when you forget to tell your co pilot to hold your beer.
YouTube turns into Liveleak for one quick video
That car cut him off in traffic earlier in the day?
Tf is wrong with YouTube
First off HO-LY SHIT!!!! Secondly who's the badass who gives zero fucks at 0:22 whos not crawling for his life and taking a leisurely breeze walk?
Malfunction, you mean the Pilot was being a dick.
This happens bc somebody messed with Your Mom, apparently.
Pewdiepie can't say obama is a nigger, Hitler did nothing wrong, or Jews did 9/11 but google actively promotes some guy getting incinerated live on screen.
this is some Just Cause shit .
Well at least Russian CGI is getting better
Scared me to death
Now that shit is what I call a demostration.
Are you hurt? Try a little harder next time.
Dude in the hoodie was totally banging the pilots wife
American news agency's: Trump blows up Russia with one missile
Я хочу, чтобы мировая война три
the target was the big truck it hit. If you don't want to get hurt, stay away from the target Dumbasses
Scared the fuck out of me I expected a helicopter to land or something.
It is odd to see this video among other entertaining materials. Seems that people are really interested in that. And YouTube doesn’t even try to check the contents!!
And this is trending why? The guy didn't die in the video and they claim it malfunction during training  (though must say how does something like that malfunction)
In Russia, human is target practice
The russian pilot was looking for his vodka bottle, in the helicopter cockpit.
Never new what the buzz around Russia was seen so many stupid videos from them not being able to drive being pissed drunk embarrassing themselves starting and losing fights, nobody likes your corrupt dumb ass country
As a true American I can say with utmost certainty that the RUSSIANS ARE BADASSES. RESPECT.
who else didt understand what it said and thought it was gonna be something normal but instead it was a helicopter shoot missles LOL im weak.
Не бойтесь русских\nмы сами себя поубиваем
COCKPIT VIEW: https://twitter.com/WarfareWW/status/910100004035055616
嘘松
Amazing
おそロシア
IM SHOOKED
Damn, Russia 😮
Whoops, to much vodka comrades!
Cyka blat
My Vietnam experience...
Well I guess... Oops...
ミサイルってこんなに早いんか…
gta world?
Only in Russia
Damn Russians always fucking shit up
Fuze was flying that helicopter
God damn it jerry.
Oh shit😱😱
Fucking idiot Russians
Is Dafuq Russian for WTF?
Aye....no vodka in helicopter next time commrades...
WTF did i just watch!!!
ouch
Holy fuck
Ya had one fuckin job
Aaaaaaaaaand I just shat myself.
какой же он тупой.....
cyka blyat
Remember... No Russian.
Га га гаsрцтаи
He dead...
To Be Continued
Holy shit
Vodka atack
strange nobody said cyka blyat
god these guys are morons
Half ass Russian pilots.
BLYAT
Quippy Comment
Rekted
That dude turns into lasagna
Haha lol did that fucker magically survive?
that escalated quickly
BLYAT!
When the Aliens land here to make contact, Björk should be there to receive them.
This is so stupid and pretentious
Holy shit....did I just watch Mother Nature having sex with me in 3rd person?
I think I'm on super hard drugs and I will never be sober again
Positive Energy\nBeyond any spectrum into the ALL, our Paths will cross in the Astral Realms\n<(·°·)>
I can't believe Bjork invented the future
This was hard to watch. The Gucci dress is amazing but I don't understand the appeal of the music of the video.
She is a Goddess! So much creativity and always evolving with such an accurate sensibility! Breathtaking! 💓
Two great artists releasing music at the same time - Bjork and Tori Amos..
Okay! I guess I don't have to do DMT now.
A M A Z I N G
is this supposed to be a DMT trip?
i love this new track but i do hope the whole record isn't just this style. Vulnicura was wonderful while being a bit homogenous (similar to Biophilia) i hope she doesn't do that with this particular style which is like a cross between those two records... i also really hope to god that it won't be called Utopia.
Just here for the dress
I NEED THE INSTRUMENTAL, THIS IS WONDERFUL
After hearing the song, i decided to watch the video on mute, play some psybient in background. 6:50 minutes of pure bliss.
this comes from another fucking dimension
Evertime I think about to not be any part of this existence anymore. She is bringing me back. I hope there is a place where I can experience that kind of universe.
Yep, she's still got it.
not many musicians can claim they've made something entirely new, something with such a specific quality that it creates a completely new world. that's what comes naturally to Björk
Finally, a step by step guide to how to give Bjork multiple orgasms.
Enquanto estamos ainda em 2017, ela vive em 2100
Primitively Advanced\nI found no other words to explain it from my viewpoint
The first part of the video could be the opening scene of a really cool MMORPG    :)
God I love this song, it kind of reminds me of Stravinsky's Rite of Spring :3
simple songs in medulla or even the quiet song like Unravel still better than this, but the video really works, i love this video, good job, savage.
Good for Bjork to find love again in such short time. Mesmerizing, sublime sound and atmosphere. The visuals remind me some of the Child of Eden game.
...I think I'm in love...\n\n...no...I KNOW I'm in love...
I'M STILL CRYING
Wonderful video, such a great song, love all the music tricks too, have missed this kind of stuff from Bjork. Beautiful
Jeebers. Ive been waiting for this for ages. Does not disappoint
After long space nights of intergalactic hooking from 2000's till now she didn't dead - she got crystallised - and now she is a cosmic glamazon ready for the runway and vocal intercourse ecstasy XDDD
Well done Bjork she's no joke honey she always deliver and give us life literally
This is therapeutic and beautiful.
Pretty visuals although You cant really hum the song. I miss her older melodies.
She's discovering her roots, I believe in her.
This track is really fragments of All Is Full of Love... you can hear it all through the track, I wonder if it was intentional..?   The video is a visual pleasure garden, I want to see a film using these visuals, it deserves a myriad of awards.
Like a fine wine...\nI guess she is feeling better, since her last album
I've been a fan since the Sugar Cubes. \n\nBut I remember that one time she beat some reporter bitch ass though 😂😭😂
She did good with this one. I look forward to the rest of the album
I feel so high
Let me first say that this has no words. The message that was delivered in the vision of the director is what we call woke.  It gave me a sense of calming and peace I cannot explain and I would've Never liked this type of music!
Either She's Talking About Her Cjild Or DMT Trip
Thanks for blessing us with your art
Am I the only reminded of Vespertine?
Bjork open the gates to the other dimensions of my soul.
So I've just discovered Bjork and she literally has like 10 life-times full of content that is impossible for me to go through :(  So I'm only left to assume that she's either a legend or a time-bending alien ;_;
This composition is one of those which gets better with the video. This is art in its highest form.
So at the end after ANOTHER realignment of the space/time continuum she reinvents lovemaking too 🤔🤔🤔
Omg, she has such cute shoes! Like a silver Dorothy shoe! :O
God am I happy to be alive the same era as this creature.. her art is nothing I've ever seen or heard before ... bjork you better fuck it uppp❤️😭🌸
Maybe if you watch this when you’re high the pieces of the universe might just fit together
C A R E  F O R Y O U
I think she was making love to something in this video...
This is so beautiful. It's going to be such an epic era 💗
All Is Full of Love v. 2.0. I can't wait for more!
Sublime
Wow I'm Crying 😍
Bjork is future, bjork is love
looks like winx club on acid
She gotta chill
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best\nThing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEVER
Good job Gucci
BJORK AND FUCKING ARCA KILL ME IM SO HAPPY
What is she ?
La nueva música clásica, hoy.
La introducción es como una mezcla de Raymand Adventures y Badland y sonidos de renacuajos.\nNormalmente nos gusta primero el sonido y ritmo de la música seguido de la letra.. con THE GATE y con casi todas las canciones de esta Diosa es todo lo contrario..... tomamos atención a la letra y nos gusta, esa sinceridad que tiene para transmitir un mensaje por medio de su arte.
esto es muy hermoso y tan relajante, realmente Björk hace arte ❤
DESEARIA TENER SU PERSPECTIVA ACERCA DE LO QUE INTERPRETA!!!
Goddess!
Cool 😎
Wow :)
WOW I ADORE HER so much! takk fyrir
Björk cleaner my mind
Wow Icelands submission for Eurovision 2018 looks great!
psilocybin
Mom.
Bjork really loves the pitch _mi._
That Intro! <3
Mom :']
Video 10/10. Music 5/10
Katya is currently having an ear orgasm.
Björk! You make Me feel!
so wonderful!
#betweenthelines #tranhumanism #findtheothers
とても楽しい
Genius!
舔舔舔
Bjork on DMT
Great Work!
DMT.
💛
A queen.
What kind of Deoxys sex
Sublime. Maravilloso ! Si envían música a otras civilizaciones que sea esta canción !  Awesome . Wonderful! If you send music to other civilizations make this song!
This is weird. She gave her light (what represents her soul) to some kind of a demon or something. So she selled her soul to the devil and later had sex with him. He enters her body and I know that allot of you disagree but don't attack me i'm just saying what i see in this music video.
A pesar de que los visuales son espectaculares, la música de Björk es increiblemente repetitiva. Lleva más de 20 años haciendo canciones iguales entre sí. #EstoNoEsNovedoso
Merece las visitas de Basurana del Rey y las de Lorde. UwU
Min 6:30 iluminati?
How the fuck has Jansen wormed his way on to trending
how the fuck is this trending
Trending with 500 views and 2 likes. YouTube is broke.
getthefuckofftrending
Fuck this site
No audio shi* quality shi* video. *GET OFF TRENDING*
6000 views.. shit goal.. trending.. ?
Lmao trending
was expecting a bicycle kick or 40 yard screamer...  fuck u YouTube
How is trending? 🤦🏽‍♂️
HOW THE FUCK IS THIS TRENDING WTF YOUTUBE FIX YOUR SHITTY WEBSITE
Nigger
Wtf this is trending Google is broken.
Why is this even trending? It’s not even a good goal... WHY
This is trending because youtube is out of ideas
Wow YouTube shore ends money for this is making its way onto trending...
This was uploaded 3 years ago. Why trending
How is this trending? comments are more cancerous than the videos themselves
Shit goal
14th on trending ?!?!?!
The day YouTube got so shit that Tottenham reject was trending
jansen actually scored from open play!!! no wonder its trending atm
Just started on youtube to capture all the shit me and my mates get up to so any views, likes, dislikes or subs would help but shit i wont loose sleep if im still on 0 in 3 years 😂😂
If this is tending so should my channel! If you like fantasy football then go check out my videos! :P
?
Idek wat i just watched...
D zyzgd qt
Still hand some
ummmm
14th on trending ?
Finally scored for Spurs
Now he scores-_-
Can anyone recommend an alternative to YouTube please please like right now
Youtube these days..
Go home youtube, you are drunk again!
YouTube let me down with this BS and so did the human who uploaded this crap. Bu ne Lan? Feneri de senide sikim. Mal..            CIMBOM BOM!
If you feel disappointed then just go on my channel and watch the 2 videos I made. They are quite bad but not as bad as this shit :D THANK YOU :)
you know why I fuck with Cardi B?? Because she light skinned! :v
Kodak always gets smashed by people saying he is trash but when he is on a remix he makes the song better and his personal songs are always deep lyrically and his flow is just insane 👏
I’m sorry. Lmao what is this? Listennnn.  This shit is terrible. Kodak coulda done better. His verse is flat SHIT though. Cardi’s chorus saved her own song.
Is anybody going to call Kodak Black out for using Ski Mask the Slump God's flow near the end?!?!
Remix? Sounds like he put himself on it ... nice flow though...
Fuck Kodak Black keep JoJo name out yo mouth
smokin on jojo hoh ho oh no das a no no so so sad nigga gonna get spinned like a yoyo
Ill keep my fingers crossed that she can make another hot song cause if not she done people
KODAK I KNOW  WE BLACK BUT  YOU CANT SAY WE DON'T FUCK WITH  MEXICANS  ,CAUSE THAT KEEPING IT TO REAL
I swear Kodak messed this song up. This song came on in the car and i wanted to here CARDI B singing but then i hear kodak black head ass smh.
Dead presidents pockets Mt Everest? But the president heads are on mount Rushmore right🤔
Starting a self growth hiphop  group chat to help producers and artists grow and make/create connections if you want in. Add me on twitter @teysavvy then dm me for entry must be an artist, manager, producer, or someone within the music business. Only way to grow is to be recognized by peers and supporters!!!
do fuck to the people
It's this an official remix cause dis bih slide
This is worse than Daniel breggoli
His intro was legendary. She used his flow and basically named the song after him, he remixes it and dosnt use the flow that started the whole shit. i aint worried bout her she a old hoe, you thought i was comin with my old flow Kodak really did some shit
This Or A No Flockas Mashup
Tight, like Kodak flow but I was looking for Beyonce on this remix.
Wait did this nigga say smoking K2 with his bumpkins? So this nigga is that much of a drug head he smoke fake weed? Smgdh why aint i surprised?
This Bitch Ass Nigga Diss JoJo R.I.P. Lil Folkz Rappers Be thinking they can't get touch on the G, saw that bitch ass Tee Bitch didn't come on the block he said he was going to be lol. Went on OBlock to get saved hoe ass nigga Kodak Bitch better watch it when he come to Chicago frfr
This sounds real better then her singing by her self
So sounding mentally challenged is what's hot now? Ok.
I challenge you to the #GucciChallenge https://youtu.be/LtZZtO-n2qY
Og song i love this song i got headphones on with op base
Kodak vocals in tha background of CARDI messed it up
I knew it bodak yellow is so good but remix its lit
Y do ppl like kodak black? his voice and rhythm r sh*t
Kodak is ass on this track... just being honest, can't wait for the next song tho
Tupac created the book.\nBiggie edited it.\nEminem finished it.\nLil Wayne couldn't read it. \nRick Ross ate some pages.\n21 Savage shot it.\nLil Uzi Vert laughed at it.\nLil yachty didn't understand it.\nSoulja Boy wanted to fight it.\nIggy lost it.\nKendrick Lamar made another.\nJ Cole copied it.\nDrake cried to it.\nWiz tried to smoke it.?
21 savage would murder this beat
Cardi has always been a role model for me and it's crazy to see how far she's come. I'm so proud of her. She inspired me and showed me the way. She was one of the main reasons I started rapping, Thank you B. P.s..If you guys got a minute, check out the music on my channel.I promise you won't be disappointed.
Kodak choking in the beginning and shit! 😂😂
Who's here before 1M views
My lil speak made y'all pop in my comments \nBAM 💯✌
Kodak ain't fucking with Youngboy like this if you agree
Kodak Black said at 1:00 - thuggish ruggish.... or other sh!t --  WE need a BONE-THUGS remix-version NOW.!!!!!
Subscribe for the latest Kodak news
Is this the only song cardI b got
K2 in the dmv fuck niggas life up 💀 what k2 he smoking 😂💯
Which beat did she steal from kodak
Df is this a joke my nigga. He should be lucky cardi let him fuck her song up like this.
4 versions of this song and the last 3 aren't even a year apart
0.47 is when it gets lit haha
galad were on the same page that integrity applie to them and not me
I'm not even going to lie Carly B  part is alright but Kodak Black part straight up garbage 😞it sound like Kodak just went in the studio and did anything because the record Carly B record is number one \n \n 
Repent from sin, Jesus is Lord, crucified, buried, rose from the dead on day 3, He died for sinners, turn to Him, He wants to know you
I don't like Kodak Black and why Cardi B didn't rap on this temix.?
This better than the original
I'm the only one who thought she was Nicki Minaj?
This nigga ruined this shit he just trying to make money off her he need to stay broke
Lil JoJo lives on when your a Legend even a sucker can keep your name alive ☆ 
Montana of 300 ftw
duro duro
CARDI FOR NUMBER 1!
u got dis 💯
gold
no flockin ova here lil birdy
foooooda
REACTION VIDEO UPLOADING 🔥🔥
fye.
Kodak went in💯💯
Before 1 M🔥
Yeaaaa
Whuxh kodak song is thus
Wow! Now two wack rappers!!
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=97981
New Nikki Manaugh
Wtf kodak doing dissing on jojo
Smoking on Jojo 🤔
OMG 98 M :D
2:34 thank me later.
Im jus here for Kodak part
This fire
This go so hardddddddddd
Get his clown ass
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This bitch strait up stupid
this man just diss lil jojo #rip
Smoking On Jojo 🎶🚬 😂😂
Nigga think he plies.
It Sucks
Free Tay K!
Bodak kodak hmmm🤔🤔
I MAKE MOEENY MOVES
Poppin jiggaz 2 gook up shawty rooolllliiinnn
So Kodak smoking on jojo?
Kodak and cadi b sound good together
BODAK ORANGE
Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak Bodak Kodak
kodak verse🕯
😂😂😂Fuck Kodak Black
kodak snaps at 1:20
Wooooooomangothatshit
Here before 500k
CardiB🌹
#bardigang
Dislike !!
This cold asf
you subscribe to the channel
‘ SO WE ALL JUS DISREGARDING THE FACT THAT KODAK THREW UP IN THE MIC IN THE FIRST 2 SECONDS .?! 0:02
This is my favourite fashion review of yours so far. Descriptions were absurdly accurate yet complimentary. ✨👍
grace you actually say what the dresses look like. thank you for that 👏
guitarist's hair all over the bottom lol
I was just about say not the same without klum and bam she's at the end LOL
Jessica Lange?!?!
My favorite was Cletus T Crickenberger...Im an asshole.
Is it normal to have a boner and throw up at the same time?
Never fail to have a laugh with Grace.
SAMANTHA BEE!! I love her and her show, so glad Grace included her in this!
The answer to how is money and plastic surgery. #truth #facts
I. LIVE. for these fashion reviews.
Elle woods flashbacks are real for reese witherspoon and I'm HERE for it!
I've been wanting to say this every time you make a fashion review and Thandie Newton is there. It's pronounced TAN-dee. The H is silent
You did not review the people I wanted you to. I take this as a personal attack!
I can't get over how Laura Dern's feet are flipped...she is either wearing her shoes on the wrong feet, or she has her legs crossed(I'm going with the latter).
That slit is getting close to the clit sounds like a rap lyric
I cannot say it enough: I LOVE these fashion review videos. And I've tried to make one myself and know how difficult it is.
Mrs. Kate seriously invested big in youtube her creations are a part almost every big YouTubers house/office.
Winter is not the one coming... I die
What lipstick are you wearing? I LOVE it :D
they look like they have PhD's and respect women! Cute! omfg Grace 100%
ice dancer from Russia YURIO IS THAT YOU
I love how Grace doesn't want to offend anyone so no matter what the dress is she always says it's cute 🤣🤣
Use your cock on me.
nice color in this video grace. perfectly saturated
Why RuPaul hasn't employed you to do this for Drag Race runways is BEYOND ME.
The most elegant Stegasorous in town 😂🌹
yo I need intels on grace's lipstick\n so good
Please bring the I don't know hoodies back. Need one for college exams lol
Scientists, get on this, because Susan Cerandin is proving gravity doesn't exist.
It's good to know everyone was cute
Sarah flipping Paulson is the true love of my life
I was literally typing a comment asking where Heidi Klum was when BAM! There she is.
Also all of the you don't AGE-esque remarks reminded me to apply my nighttime moisturizer because I'm old enough to buy things with age-defying in the name D':
I need this shirt 😂
Holy shit..... this has actually been the BEST review video you've EVER done!!!! I'm crying, it was that funny!
WHERE'S HEIDI\n*edit*\nTHERE SHE IS
Grace will you ever do a live stream version of this while the event is going on?
Seriously though, why don't grown men dress as well as the kids from Stranger Things? Their stylists need to help some other people out!
looked more forward to this than watching the emmys
These are my favorite kinda videos ❤ also cute!
Hey can u react to Look What You Made Me Do choreography by Jojo Gomez? Sofia vergarrrrrrrrrrrrrrra
The Stranger Things boys are precious chicken nuggets.....They make me want to be like, SEE preteen/teen boys! Take notes! 👏💞
IM REVIEWING AT THE SAME TIME AS GRACE AND I PAUSED TO REVIEW MILLIE AND SAID THE EXACT SAME THING IMSVDNFJ
what mascara are you wearing!?? your makeup looks so nice
I was gonna be mad that Gal Gadot wasnt in the video but she wasnt at the Emmys either so nvm
Did you know Heidi Klum has a clothing line in Lidl (sorta like Aldi for those who don't know) for a week I think. Saw the advert yesterday and immediately thought of every red carpet review hahahaha
Grace I would happily watch you review fashions until the end of time, that being said, this was a particularly good one and coaxed a few real life LOLs from my black heart. Cute!
I want that purple suit jacket
'You know what's about to happen' ...hot flashes!! 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Someone in Hollywood please start aging . Pretty much
Third time watching this video when I have a deadline on Thursday lol oops! Your videos never fail to make me laugh - fucking love it
You are a genius, girl. I never get tired of your humor. Keep it up grace🔥❤️
I met you at VIDCONAUS! did you enjoy the lollies i got you, the pack with the banana smoking a pipe 😂
I tried out for my school's comedy club and it was probably the best thing i've done...
I love how positive you are towards fellow women. We need more ladies like you in this world.
SAMANTHA BEE
Apparently grace likes the word sexy and how😂
MAKEUP ON POINT THO
I just came here to say Fuck Meghan Rienks and Grace Helbig. This is all. Oh yea--didn't watch the video;)
omg what lipstick is this!!!
ELEGANT STEGASOURAS im choking
feet pls
One can't hate Sarah Paulson
Thank god for Grace Helbig
LOL That description of Margaret Atwood is pretty much SPOT ON
I was starting to get worried about Heidi Klum. So glad she made it!
Literally STOP describing looks as homeschooled for a while.
Sofia Vergarrrrrrrrrrra and the elegant stegosaurus-Just pissed in my pants laughing.\nI NEED A NEW PAIR OF PANTS STAT!!!!!
Drinking game: take a shot every time grace says elegant...\n...And die
New drinking game.. take a shot every time Grace says Cute! 🙋🏼🤦🏼‍♀️
I am waiting for my pizza to heat up and wondered if you ever got that mixer for your kitchen
The lighting and quality seem different. Like in a good way. Like so pro.
Looove the video! I've made a video like this as well so if you want to watch it i would really apreciate it :)\nThank you!
Why will you not come to the Netherlands Rotterdam mom
Idk but your sense of humour reminds me so much of willam belli haha love it
The shirt........
DONALD GLOVER THO
3:37 that Jenna Marbles reference tho
YEEESSSSS THE STRANGER THINGS BOYS ARE ROCKING ITTT
ELEGATED
IM NOT ANGRY IM...INSPIRED. \nYeah, me too Grace, meeee toooo
sofia vergarrrrrra
These are my fave videos ❤️❤️❤️
I want your tshirt!!!
CUTE.
Debra is not messing around 😂💯
bUT WHAT ABOUT RUPAUL
I was waiting for Heidi klum lol
Her shirt!!!!! 😍🔥❤️
Susan Sarandon can eat a dick.
Girl you gotta watch Handmaid's Tale!
Goth Doilies HAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAH
DEBRA!!! MESSING!
Heidi Klum... as always 🤣🤣🤣
That damn Heidi Klum!
I want your FOCKING shirt!!!!  😂
Reese Witherspoon's dress was sooooo pretty.
dat be's funnee
When are you coming back to the UK? 💃
love you without the winged liner! makes it so you can really see your eyes ☺️
Loved the footage of Duke at the beginning. \nI'm also trying to decide on whether your porridge is actually 'gloopy' or much closer to 'solid', like a freshly baked flapjack. 😍😊
I think you look so pretty without eyeliner.
Yes!! My favorite mascara, and you look great without the winged liner, btw 👍🏼👍🏼
Thumbs up because I'm out in public with dog in my PJs in the morning too! 💗😂
I don't understand, what was raw or unedited about this video? 🤔
No way, I think I will never go out like in this pajama 😂
I genuinely love watching you unedited , I feel like we connect with you on a different level. it's also your really warm personality that shines in this style of a video . more please x \nily \n- z.s
Please do a health update! Hope you are doing well!
I know I say this all the time but you make me smile and take some of the weight of the world off my shoulders which is a big deal for me.
That make up look is really pretty and you look really preety without winged eyeliner! I mean a lil difference is always gud! And that eyeshadow looks gorgeous without the eyeliner
I love this vlog! Seeing Duke on your videos makes me so happy 😊
Hi, loved the vlog. Espécially the fact that you included your health problems in it. I suffer from the same issues. And sometimes I lose hope too. But honestly knowing that influencial people like you fight to find a solution helps me keep faith that one day we'll all be ok. Please continue searching and talking about it. Love.
Can you please do a hair tutorial soon? It looks amazing!! <3
so much nicer without the huge liner. love you🌹
Puppy snuggles are the best in the morning. I can't believe how fast you did your makeup and it looked beautiful. So did your hair and you didn't even have to do it. My new goal... to get ready as fast as you just did. 😀
that lipstick shade looks amazing on you! xx
What's the shade of the concealer you used for contouring?
Thankyou for mentioning its an Ad.
This lipstick suits you so much Amelia! xx
No shame in your pj game!!! 😂💁🏼
You sleep in hoops🤤?
Ooh those simple products look awesome!
i love what you;re doing on your insta
You look sooooo much more gorg without the winged liners!! It's so effortless and clean!
Loved this video
I freakin love apple, cinnamon & oats too 😆❤️
I LOVE gloopy porridge :D
Love the outfit 💖
Perfum collection :)
u look like ozut mesil
Omg I love this
I love watching your videos!! So beautiful!! 😍🌻💕 btw, ur my #1 fav YouTuber!! Never dull moments! 😍😍😍💕💕💕💝💝💝
1st comment yay love u Amelia ❤️❤️
Kisses😘
you should have added some walnuts to the oats!<3
Loved this so much! The pjs walking the dog thing in the morning is definitely relateable hahah :))
Great video :) You look beautiful without eye liner. Natural beauty!
Hey Amelia, loved the vlog (as per usual) but maybe a clearer word to use instead of unedited would be unplanned? P. S loving the bright lip and no eyeliner look on you
Love it! Where are your hoop bubble earrings from? 😊
I can only eat porridge gloopy too 😊 x
Just got bad news today and watching this video really cheered me up and provided much needed distraction. Thank you for being so real. Love you!
Duke is just too friggin cute,,,
Love the honesty!
That lip color really suits you!
Pls do more videos with duke! He is so cute!!
Duke is just the cutest and he deserves to eat from gold and diamond plates, if you have them.
But this is a well edited video 🤔
Love you and duke hes too cute and makes my day. i love fast makeup also but i will never be without eyeliner that completes your look always.
Amelia, what earrings are you wearing in your second and third earlobe piercings? Your ear game is always on point 👌🏼💕
I love this video! You are such a joy to watch and yay for listening to us about the no eyeliner! Your eyes are literally to die for! Sending good vibes your way love ❤️
I prefer this type of videos by you. Some of the recent ones were good quality but felt like not so real
That lipstick is very pretty! Lovely shade of red.
I feel happy  to see u unloaded  a video  😍
I absolutely loved your unedited video! Shows your funny, witty and sweet side of you - please more of these real videos :)
I love how real you are in your videos. You aren't afraid to be goofy and that is awesome!
I love and miss those kind of videos, it's so nice to watch it's so true and simple. I hope you'll do more of these ❤️
Loved and enjoyed this video! When you said that you were headed out with a friend and ending the video, I was like wait- the end already?!! Wasn't ready for it to end. Ready for the next one :-)
Please please please share the nailpolish you're wearing!
nice makeup!fresh and glowy!! your eyes look great without the winged liner!!
What lipliner did you use?! Love the video xx
What was the lip liner used??
Love that lip & top! You also look better without the thick winged eyeliner 😍
I always feel naked when I don't have winged liner. I don't like to wear it for work because it's too intense. But if I take a selfie without it on I think I look weird.
Love it as always!!! 😘❤️👍🏼
This was fun! :) I too was making oatmeal this morning using whatever I could find
I have a video request .. I have just started a tag video and would love for you to take part .. xx
Duke is just too cute😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
love those AL pots! where did you get them?
I'm only 1.57 in and I already love you for this video 😍😂
I couldn't apply makeup if I hadn't had a shower and washed my face first. I couldn't go outside in pyjamas either.
In my opinion you look so much fresher, more natural and younger without that winged eyeliner 🙂👍
Amelia, what are your thoughts on the gisou hair oil? I want to get it but not sure if I should spend $90 to get it! Is it as amazing as it costs? Or can I find something similar at a lesser price?
LOVE that you go out in your pajamas!!!!!
What did she curl her hair with x
Where are your earrings from at the beginning?
Does anyone know the song?
I love your videos! Ignore the haters xx <3
I love your eye look with out the liner. It makes you look more youthful and fresh!
Love your lip color and your earrings!!
You look so nice when you wake up I am jealous
love your morning dog walk 😚
would you recommend the creme de lamer for very sensitive skin?
Great video❤️
Who helps you film your ootd, do you ask random people on the street? Loving your hair :-) <3
This was soo real,loved it Amelia!! Sending you lots of love x
You are cute~ but when I saw ur dog, you can't beat this cutie of course~ lol
And when did she have a shower? Just wondering
Love watching you! I feel like your personality is so soothing and your channel engages with a lot of people of different ages and backgrounds so I'm forever recommending people to watch your channel 💕
Amelia how do you think the Chanel memory compares colour wise to Charlotte tilbury Bette? They look v similar! Just wondering whether to take the plunge! Xx
That porridge looks like dog sh*t! Learn to cook woman!
Hey Amelia! Where are all of your earrings from?
dog was licking ur lips.. yukkkkkkk
<3
your eyebrows look perfect what is your secret omg
no shower........
Loved the idea behind this ❤️
I can't believe people actually go outside wearing their pj's! I can't even answer the door in pyjamas. But then I'm old!!
It's great to see more of your everyday, at home content👍🏽 ❤️
Oh my, I wish I could wake up at 7.30 :) 5.30 and my son is up :) Really fun video!
It's gonna be a roller coaster of emotions...\nMan, that got me really teared up. Imagining mike holding back tears and desperate not to sob on stage, just like what chester did while singing one more light at jimmy kimmel live in memory of chris.
That line at the end by Mike is the best. Thanks to everybody listening too. I felt that. It truly is great to hear from them again despite everything.
In most of the interviews mike and chester were together, fucking sad now Mike is alone and he's in pain 😭
Will it be streamed for those of us around the world. \nI would sell my kidneys and liver if it meant I could attend this event, but it's not possible for me. \n\nCome on, please there's got to be some way you could let all those who care to be part of it.
I can hear the pain in his voice, it's so clear... But that has only increased my love and respect for Mike. In spite of everything that has happened and how it affects him, he still talked to us. And not only through social media but now also on the radio. I can't even imagine how he - and the other guys&Chesters family of course - must feel. The fact that he reaches out to us is just... it's just downright special and emotional and ugh I don't even have the words. I'm really fucking proud of him, and I know that the LP family will always have not only his back, but also the other guys' and Chesters family their backs. One day at a time. We will remember Chester forever <3 Always in our hearts #MakeChesterProud #fuckdepression
Its Nice to Hear Mike Voice After 2 months.
I just can't believe that Chester is not here. We miss you man, you are not just one more light, you are a part of us, a part of our childhood. \nThanks for this interview, Mike. You all are the best!
4:52 I thought he was going to cry.. this is so fucking sad man\n\nBut life goes on :(
mike is such a nice guy... I love mike
I want to hug him so bad.
Finding out they're honoring his passing on my birthday just made my day.
If us,the fans,are broken i can't imagine what his family and rest of the band are going through
Every time Chester screamed I do toward the end of One More Light=goosebumps.
Jesus has it been two months already? Damn feels just like yesterday. Miss you Chaz
I have been a fan since the beginning. I am now 54 and still with them.  My heart was broken and still hurts.. so good to hear Mike so positive.
The Two months since Chester passed away... was enough thank you... bye
I hope they get austin carlile for the oct 27 tribute concert.
THANK YOU FOR THIS LPASSOC. JUST WANT TO ADD....I WOULD LOVE TO\nSEE LP CONTINUE ON WITH\nJUST THE FIVE OF THEM, NO NEW LEAD SINGER, MIKE IS NOW THE NEW LEAD, MIKE SHINODA HAS \nA GREAT VOICE❤
Right now it's good to hear Mike. It's good to hear a follow up.
Mike is such a great nice guy. This was a good interview and very touching.
I am glad to hear Mike's voice. I'll hope everyone is okay. Dave, Hahn, Rob and Brad too. It is very dark time losing someone we loved. \nThank you so much for making this interview. At least, I know any progress about them. \n\nPS: I don't have twitter, facebook and instagram. So, I am kinda outdated to get the news.
Damn it, I cannot help crying just looking at the comments.
Thank you for sharing.
LP43V3R
I can't believe people have disliked this video smh
pain in his voice... But good to hear Mike's laugh.
idk why i find this hole chester thing suspect but who knoes
If Mike ever sings that song himself there will be tears
There's a reason he's 'The Glue'
Please don't stop Linkin Park. \nPlease continue your fantastic Job. \nI love you guys.
Glad to hear Mike Sounding so well!
earphones on and closed my eyes\n. i don't want to get distracted from hearing his voice, after a while. and to hear he sounded okay.. make me feel okay.\nthank you for this. :')
Wish I could be at the upcoming event. \nGreat to hear from Mike!
So who's excited for new Fort Minor tracks?
It felt SO GOOD to hear his voice again
Is there any chance of that tribute concert being broadcast online for other fans throughout the U.S. and around the world who won't be able to attend?
So good to finally hear Mike's voice... Thank you so so much for uploading this.
I got my tickets to this show today. I hope this will be a good time for everyone, and a source of some closure.
I love u guys so much and I am very sad that I can't come to the show in honour of Chester just because I am living so far away😔
3:20 one more light - how this idea pop out - heart breaking story </3
I am very grateful for this
Just started on youtube to capture all the shit me and my mates get up to so any views, likes, dislikes or subs would help but shit i wont loose sleep if im still on 0 in 3 years 😂😂
Mike is so strong, I am so proud of him and LP. Its a heavy time for them, for us, for all fans. Its good to hear him. Stay strong, guys <3
Thank you Mike , is this show going to be recorded or live broadcast so fans like me from Europe can see it too?
thank you for posting this
Thank you so much LPA  for uploading this interview
I hope that there will be a live stream or something for the fans all over the world who can not be there
I'm so happy to hear Mike's voice again. I can't even begin to imagine how tough it must be for him, the rest of the band and Talinda. You guys handle it with a lot of care and dignity, and I wish you all the best in the future. Won't be able to see you guys live unfortunately, but I will always be there, making tributes and doing my best to support you. Thank you for everything.
thank you for sharing this ❤💔
Thank you very much! Also thank you Mike; for doing this.
yes ty mike we love you as fans\nkeep us proud we all are here if you need us \nkeep up the good work & remember you have the wheel now ((big hugs)) xoxo
Much love and respect Mike and LP and all Chester's fans, and family!
Nice to hear Mike's voice...!!!
Such a Great Person.. stay strong r.i.p chester bennington 😭 he's an Angel now
😢💔💔💔 so much love to the #LP and the family rest in peace chester bennington xxxxx
Hey I'm thinking about you. I care. And sometimes that's enough.    Well.. Freaking true. It's so relieving to hear his strong words too, though.
It’s so hard to see that things are moving on without Chester, those 2 month felt kind of empty for me, and for a lot of people here i guess...\nBut it really helps to hear mike’s voice...\n\nThank you LPA to share this with us !\nDoes anyone know if there will be a live stream of the show ?\n\nAnyway, i think it’s such a symbolic date to honor his memory, just a few days after hybrid theory’s birthday.
He definitely was choking up while talking about the making of One More Light. I feel horrible for him and the rest of the band plus Chester's family.
It´s like medicine to hear his voice again <3
Mike is really in pain.......rip chester
I like that they didn't ask him about Chester's death and just let him speak a little bit about it
Wish you all the best Mike, the hole band and Chesters family..❤❤
In the tribute concert I would like to see the band members together sing One More Light to end the show, makes me tear up just picturing that in my mind.
Thank You Mike for this from 🇩🇪
This broke my heart a little.  But I needed this. I really hope they come back to tampa fl and do something.  I need to see them and cry out . Not to sound like a little bitch,  but this band has been in my life sense the 9th grade and I'm 33 now
it's very comforting to hear mike's voice
He really likes to say the meat and potatos XD
Its been 2 months...2 months of sadness.R.I.P Chester Bennington.
it's so good to hear his voice. the guys are so strong and i know that they're gonna get through this even though the hole in their hearts will never be filled by anyone else ever again. i miss Chester so much and i know that he'd be proud of everything the guys are doing. i love them so much and hearing Mike's voice and his laugh gives me comfort in this hard time ❤️
This is so hard to listen to but it was nice to hear Mike again. Thank you for uploading this.
I love Mike. He is such an inspiration as well
Linkin Park should not fade away... please it is a remedy , a medicine for the cure to all the fans who are depressed and are lost...
Mike, stay strong, we love you so much and thankful for the way you handling this extremely difficult time.
Thanks for this. Mike is one of my favorite artist. He is so smart and understands the real linkin park fans.
God I miss Chester and wish I could've got to see lp live they were the first group I got into listening to music as a kid R.I.P Chester lp forever!
It's so good to hear Mike laugh. I feel sad for the guys that are apprehensive about playing without Chester and I hope they know that we support them no matter what. I think it will be healing for everyone involved. The Vegas memorial and following Talinda on Twitter have really helped me start to move on.\nPeace and love to all my fellow soldiers, we are all in this together. ❤️You all 🤘
😭😭😭\nThis... I can't...
#RipChester 😢😢😌😌❤❤❤💔💕💕
So nice to hear from you, Mike. Sending you much love and wishing to be there at Hollywood Bowl on October 27.
Thank you for uploading this :)
This just came up in my recommendations and the first thing i thought was 'how can Mike be so strong about this'. He is amazing and i love them so much 😊
The fact that he had the strength to talk like this , makes u hopeful and to be more positive. #staystronglp thank you for this
GTA 3
Tearing me apart💔
Thank you. Love you Mike ❤️
Breaks my heart ........
The Best!!!!!!!! Hungary
Kevin & Bean!
Thanks for this
Stay Strong Mike <3
Thanks for this! #ripchesterb L.P. forever, keep rocking guys!
Mike <3
Holding back tears ):
Como tw extraño Chester la banda que ara sin ti has dejado un vacío en el corazón y en el alma tanto dolor 😢
Jonathan Davis better be doing one step closer!
I was my whole life a big fan of this band and there is this last consert! as a normal guy from vienna i guess there is never been a way to get there and listen to them but i hope they stream the shit out of there so i can watch it at home <3\n\nThanks Mike for this great Interview!!!
2 months? thats fucking crazy, yet people like already dont care. probably because we get new information so fucking quick n more new news over n over than people jus forget. we need to like get rid of this way of getting information, i dont think its good for us
His 1st interview since?
thankyou so much for this Mike , LP4LIFE!!!!
You can hear it in his voice that he's still hurt. I feel for the guy but it's pretty amazing to hear his voice and to hear Kevin and Bean lift his spirits up. Good interview.
Dele that goal made my cock hard
I went to the match and there was barely anyone there in the stands lol
Assist for the birthday boy!
Dele is best
why couldn't you stream it? Selfish
Enjoyed Spurs TV VLOG but I guess grandpa would have scored this goal by Dele!  Spurs fans seem like good guys!
Hey What's up from Ireland Sidney here uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i love u spurs uuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i love come on you spurs im watching u on my ps4 pro ps4 pro ps4 PlayStation vr rules
thats what we and trippier need to do especially in these type of games beat your man and square in in the danger area. Not sideways  or back passes, and even when we get in them areas son shoots all the time for goodness sake.
If Eriksen would've been on it would have ended atleast 3-0 Spurs
Upload the whole match, please
Well played Trippier, such an improvement on last year
Cheeky feature in this video lol, was nice to see this goal being directly behind it
trippier plays better than aurier
Celebration??
Easy tap in 😄😄😄😄
Trippier 💪
GG Dele...
Killer instinct
Trending with 9.5k views👏👍
Its lookalike a friendly game
20k attendance Hahahahahaha.
Wembley.....urrrrggghhhh...😕
What a massive club 23,000 fans lol
Let us all take a moment to appreciate the man holding open the lift.
Any body else see that news interview where he was called a poundland Donald Trump
Oh just leave you idiot you've come to my school and even when I was 7 and didn't know who you were, I was very un-impressed and confused why everybody was fussing over a fake old man.
Lmao ambushed??
Wtf YouTube trending 1.8k views\n3 comments YouTube doesn't have an agenda Xd
Lol he has hard nipples
#poundlanddonaldtrump
How is this 17 on trending with only 2k views?
May's a fool for keeping him around and he's a fool if he thinks he can be PM.
He can't even sort his own collar out...
Boris did nothing wrong. Fuck off, Lefty tossers!
ok resign..please
This 2k video doesn't look like something that is trending..... Hmm...
what a fat piece of shit. would love to see him run for prime minister, because he would crash and burn
Boris should be pm he's a right laff
Hmm... All pro boris comments are found at the bottom of the top comments list. How interesting.
BoJo should be mayor of London still. Fuck sadiq khant
Two faced slimy prick , and not just him , all the global elite fucks
Speaks his mind. so what.He can only be critised for the timing of his article
Needs a bra doesn't he?
And so the UK wept
Ahahahgahga the fat piece of shit can't run to save his life \n\n\n\n\nSo why the fuck is he running for PM
Don't you think he looks tired?
I was waiting for him to get punched in the head or get jumped pr pr something 😂
Boris for PM
Very nice
This shit is trending why?
Gibberygobbila...
Leftys, pls go away
New Video About False Masculinity and Marriage! Be Sure To Check It Out And Subscribe For More!!!!! <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K57NzzpLAo
No I want him to be prime minister
UK is cuck3d by liberals
Poor Borris
Boris pissed of the right people fair play to him one of the few conservatives you're allowed to like
Good win!
Listen carefully to Vardy congratulating Slimani, does he say why don't you do that all the time? 😊
guess come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester I'm season ticket
Decent game overall; should've been battered first half but second half mainly due to Shinji Okazaki we improved drastically
what a game!!!
yeees 2-0 GO FOXES
Wow goal of islam slimani 👏👌👍👀💪
VIVA CHILE CTM!
legend says slimani's screamer was so brutal , it caused an earthquake in mexico
Iborra was quite disappointing
Actually at ranges of less than 20 feet a knife, even with a small blade can be as deadly or more deadly than a pistol. At the distance Schutz was allowed to close to,  he could have closed the remaining distance in a rush and inflicted lethal blows himself. Again at the distances Schutz closed to he could have rushed the remaining distance and stabbed before a fired taser deployed it's wire. These cops had no knowledge beforehand that this was a suicide by cop. Their call was to protect themselves and the lives of other citizens in the area. They gave him multiple chances to comply and tried to engage him. Schutz was not allowing a peaceful solution. Cops acted correctly.
Oh? A tranny with a death wish? You dont say!
I feel for everyone involved but these officers tried. My heart breaks for Scouts pain but you don't force someone to kill you. Someone committed suicide by jumping in front of my baby brothers car. My brother is the best, kindest person in this world and suffers from depression and some PTSD because of this. He even secretly checks in on the guys kids every Christmas. Never, ever make someone kill you. It's the most selfish act in this world. These officers didn't have tazers, they attempted to talk to Scout, they got behind barriers to allow themselves more time to react, they repeatedly told Scout to drop it and gave Scout ample time to do so. Notice how close the officer is who shoots Scout. This wasn't some asshole cop shooting an unarmed person from a mile away. The police did everything right in this situation. All you people asking if we'd want the police to react this way if it was our family member? Yes! I would want them to try to connect. I would want them to try to talk, to take time to try to diffuse the situation, to try to establish a rapport. That's exactly what I would want. And in the event that it was one of my family members that was the officer, I would want them to shoot when an armed, distressed individual with nothing to lose is coming at then with a knife.
These comments are sad. Most of the people here should get into a depression and live it for years. Then ask to be shot.
Protesters doing a school shooting
So some gay group on this campus had elected THIS character as their leader??
Mother fuck the police!! 🖕🖕🖕
Go to 1:00 to brighten your day
I feel bad for the police in this situation.
My biggest problem with this is all the people that come in thinking that they know exactly how to handle a knife threat when they've never had to handle a knife threat before
Dumbass asked for it so he got it!
Drop the knife and you live, Walk up on cops with the knife you die.... Simple choice or should have been for someone that is so called educated. Case closed, suicide by cop.
And nothing of value was lost that day
This coward didn't have the balls to take his own life, so he dragged these officers into the final moments of his pathetic existence.
All these tranny freaks need to be put down. Good shoot.
There is no argument here. If you are threatening a police officer, and disobey their commands, you WILL be shot. He committed suicide by cop.
He did say shoot me. Seriously, I know cops get away with fucked up shit but the proof is all there. They warned him, they tried to talk it out, he wasn't listening. If it would have been me in the situation, I would do the same. It's him or me, I kinda like breathing and I was told in police training, they teach you that someone with a knife can close the distance very quickly. Fuck this guy. I would say the same if he was black, proof is there. It's not a race/gender/orientation thing in this case, it's basic logic.
We as a society have to do better period!!!...
People are a bunch of pussies. No one should respond to a little knife by pulling or firing a gun. Huge bitch move. There was obviously no threat to the pigs. Just another coward with a gun.
Was the cop justified in shooting Schultz after was told to stop?\nYes.\nWould it have been better if he had tazed Schultz instead?\nAlso yes.\n\nThat's all, folks.
Police did their job..no one wants to get stabbed..if someone is charging at you with a knife you have every right to defend yourself
Damn trees in the way.... Damn it! It got what IT asked for...
Wah wah wah police didn't try to de-escalate the situation first\nTelling him to drop the knife like a dozen times and trying to get him to tell them his name don't count?
There's a lot of homophobic hate speech going on in this comments section and it's fucked up
He was a... _she_ was... it?  Yeah, _it._  _It_ was a good... _thing?_  Okay, _it_ was good _thing,_ it just got caught up with the wrong crowd.  It was just startin' to get its' life turned around.\n\n*_It dindu nuffin!_*    :'(
please tell me it die
What are you going to do? Shoot me? - Quote from man shot.
good for the faggot. one less gay muther fucker in the world
My Coverage Of This:\nhttps://youtu.be/iXodCGzKhpU
You know, another way to handle this would be for the cops to just leave.  Just walk away and leave the freak all alone out there.  It probably would have just sat down on the ground and snowflaked out, and then went back to its dorm to watch Liza Minelli videos.  It wouldn't have hurt anybody - because it's not nice to hurt people.  Its only motive here was to have the cops kill it because it was too much of a sissy to do it itself.  If the cops had just left, we might still have this Girl Scout with us.
Very clear. The kid is the instigator.  The kid is the aggressor.  The kid fails to follow repeated instructions.  The kid is armed.  The kid asked to be killed.  Antifa lessons to be learned...America will no longer tolerate your shit.  There are lots more, who are not cops, who also have guns.  Think about it next time you try to burn down my family's car or business.
Absolutely unnecessary. You can tell by their vocal tones and body language that the cops did not feel this person was a true threat. It sounds like the female officer pulled the trigger. Come on. Body armor, military grade equipment, tazers, possibly non-lethal force weaponry, and you have to shoot an obviously mentally ill person that's holding a multi-tool, with a lethal shot? Sickening.
Mental disorder is a real thing people...
Cops made a good job! Respect for them, they gave the chance to that idiot to stop.
Suicide by cop, and he was clearly mentally ill. You can't be non binary just like you can't be a bird no matter how much you feel like one.
This is because American cops are pussies.... Too quick to go for a gun and too scared to take an arse whooping. Then again, same with a lot of the US civilian population too... Too scared to take an arse whooping so to live up to the 'gangsta'/ 'I'm the best in the world'/'unique snowflake attitude a lot of them have thanks to the media, they carry guns to alleviate their shortcomings. \nOver here in the UK, the cop would have just pulled out his side stick and smashed the guy in the face. I've seen it happen a few times with my own eyeballs. The shit has to be hitting the fan to warrant UK police carrying guns. Because of that, a lot of UK police will just rush you at the first moment and beat you down, pin you to the ground and get a few extra sly digs in while you're having handcuffs put on you.\nThe guy in the video was clearly a scrawny weedy looking dude AND the police had at least 60 seconds to assess this. To look him in the eyes. Yeah, he has a blade, but shit reach. The cop had better reach and even more reach with a baton. And the knowledge that stabbings are rarely fatal. And body armour. And a partner with a gun just in case the attempted takedown with a baton didn't work immediately. Also, at that range, there was no reason to not fire three shots at the guys legs. At no point was he moving fast and if you can't hit with 1 of three shots to a 6 inch target (width of average human calf muscle) moving at walking pace at 15m, you shouldn't be allowed to carry a gun. The officer shit himself/herself and immediately and instinctively aimed for centre mass/vital organs. Again, police need to asses the situation. Night time, few people out if any, no one directly behind him or in the immediate area... No worry about discharging 2 or 3 rounds at him. Sure, you can die from a bullet wound to the leg, but that's even less likely than dying from being stabbed. But yet, the officer opened fire. Centre mass... Killed him stone dead. He had time to cry out on the floor like a scared child for a few minutes. \nWell that's the thing; in such a society, you need officers who are brave. Who can take the extra second to assess the situation and not act on instinct. To act on higher rational thinking and motive. Here in the UK, we have a stabbing every 4 minutes... on Average. 130,000 a year. Wanna know how many people die? On average? a little over 200. Its because it takes training and skill or a good bit of luck to effectively kill with a knife. 95% of people don't know how to use one and thus the majority of stabbings are rarely fatal. Now, taking the 60 seconds the officer had to think about it, it doesn't take a genius to figure the threat level was low. \nSo, does a low threat level justify execution? I'd say not.\nSomeone with combat experience would have been able to rationalise that. Then again, the armed police are NOT civilians... Yet you guys keep hiring civilians and giving all of them a gun and thus, death by cop is an easy way out.\nI mean, I understand and all. 2nd amendment, and you'd do well to keep hold of that and not let it go. Hell, if the next Hitler rises, we, the people, here in the UK have nothing but harsh language to oppose him with. The second amendment allows you to fight back if the next Hitler thinks about rising over there. \nIf you have a society that has a lot of guns though, you MUST be more stringent on the kinds of people you allow to carry them. \n\nBrave, just and honest individuals only... Ideally, people with combat experience who have live training in taking the extra second even while the bullets are flying. Its not like you guys don't have a load of vets.
†you can not under stand resurection becauze it waz scout shultz hiz destiny iz to die GET IT†
Nice job. As we can see police do not relish with unleashing violence on even stupid assholes.
The officer that took the shot was an old high-school buddy of mine, I really hope there aren't any repercussions for him. But obviously Scout needed some help. God bless 'em both.
Did anyone else hear a male scream? I definitely heard a man scream...
Suicide by cop. The cowards way out. Don't have the balls to do it yourself, have to ruin somebody else's life too. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. And what retarded argument is It wasn't even a real knife, it was a multitool!? Have you not seen a Leatherman's blade?
listen to that panzy ass after getting what she wanted *shouldve double tapped there boss
Dumb retard tranny deserved to get shot. The tranny said Shoot Me . So they fucking shot it. Who the fuck cares
what I don't get is why they waited to shot until the point of no return,\naka when their own safety was at risk,\n\nOne officer could have warned him at let's say the 10-meter mark, or maybe even 15\nand after 3 ignored order at dropping the knife, they could have shot him in a non-lethal area, like the Legs, arm, shoulder\n\nPerhaps even have one officer with a trained gun on him, and one other going for a taser, \n\nDon't get me wrong, I'm not saying they Cop are to blame for acting with force, I just don't understand why they let him get that close when he clearly wasn't rushing, and just walking normally at a normal pace towards them
fucking RUSSIANS everywhere. But WHY couldnt that BITCH COP shoot him in the leg or shoulder at SUCH CLOSE RANGE !! lol.. womenzes and guns.. and CUNTS as COPS .. a bad combination. Cunts should NEVER BE ALLOWED to have a gun . they already have the ultimate pussy weapon.
Shout out to the guy who recorded this.
talk about excessive use of force
who's the dumbass bitch screaming in the background
That's what you get when you name your children Scout. I blame the parents
There's actually a easy way not to die by cops it's called listening to them
About as clean a shoot as there can be. The kid wanted this. Sorry to his/her family, but this was very much justified.
See cops shoot white people too...just saying
I would have aimed between the eyes.
Are k9 units even a thing in the U.S? Why werent they called to assist?? I dont believe a bullet is the answer for everything.
He ain't no michael Brown, nigga.
LGBT community should realize that if someone is willing to change their gender then they are severely mentally ill and are plagued by depression and self-loathing. Scout died because of your backwards beliefs. Scout should have been in Therapy but you guys think that's fascism.
That's what he gets for not dropping the knife period.
Time to loot and riot!!!!!1111\n\nOh nevermind, it's time to play GTA5 !!!
1:08  Crying like a little bitch. I got shot in Iraq and I didn't whine like this...... Of course, come to think of it; I was wearing Kevlar and all I ended up with was a gnarly bruise on my stomach.... And I did get to go to the infirmary where there was air conditioning and chocolate cake..... And my wound wasn't even bad enough to warrant a Purple Heart.... And I actually didn't have any long term disability or even a cool scar; just a bruise for like 2 weeks. But still; this guy's a pussy. Man up for fuck's sake.
And here is a prime example that these he/she's have a mental illness. Just think, Obama was going to let a creature like this join the military!!!😂😂😂😂😂
And they are protesting this? They get no sympathy from me.
Oh! You were told twice to put down your boyscout knife and you didn't do it so you must die! Can you imagine if workers in a mental institution had this threshold? Ninety percent of patients would never get out alive. No one said being a cop was easy. But if you can't deal with a troubled kid slow walking with a Swiss army type knife without killing her or him or whatever it is TURN IN YOUR FUCKING BADGE. I blame black lives matter for this. They have been so insane in their screaming over every death that they have made otherwise reasonable people think it's ok for a cop to kill a confused kid not slowly walking.
I wish the tree wasn't in the way, I wanted to see it happen.
why shoot somewhere fatal - when you could just shoot at their legs/arms/whatever. If they're still dangerous after that then go ahead but c'mon...
I am sorry but this has nothing to do with LGBT. I am also gay, but I can't really feel sorry for this girl. If you are idiot enough to attack the police with a weapon, unfortunately you have to deal with the consequences. Those who are demonstrating and protesting today referring to inequality and LGBT rights blablabla, don't do it, because 1) you are totally wrong, this case has nothing to do with LGBT 2) you are embarrassing  other members of LGBT with your behaviour (e.g. myself) and doing something wrong to the community....\nPlease, if you also lost your mind like this girl, and you are planning on launching the 3rd world war on police, do not fight for LGBT rights beforehand, or say publicly that you are gay / lesbian. Thanks ,)
Good riddance. The only good ANTIFA is dead ANTIFA.\nI hope they identify as a dead motha'fucka, cuz that's all they are now.
We are living in a military state.  The rights of We The People have been superseded by They The Pigs.  American Pig-Police are allowed to murder molest and brutalize with complete impunity.  How about the Law Enforcement Accountability Act whereby when a Pig murders someone when their life is not in danger, the same is exacted on one of their family members.  This Pig's should have his son or daughter dragged out a shot dead right in front of him.  That would be delivering the same justice on The Pig and his family that he doled out to Scout and his family.  What's going to happen to the Pig? Absolutely Nothing.   Welcome to the new america.
Here's what I don't get about these situations...  Yes, this lunatic was indeed a lunatic coming after the cops with a weapon and use of force should be considered and some is absolutely justified.\n\nThis tranny was no real threat to the officers though.  Certainly not so much to justify deadly force as a first option.  I hate that cops can use the get out of jail free phrase I feared for my safety.  Should police not have to accept more risk than an average citizen?\n\nWhy no tazer?  Why not tackle it from behind?  Why not pepper spray it?  Why not shoot it in the leg as it lumbers towards you?
More proof of the statistic that roughly 41% of those suffering from gender dysphoria commit suicide. \nWhen are we going to help people who need it instead of lying to them? This is inhumane.
I guess he/she was expecting some kind of act of sympathy from the cops. Mentally ill person act like their victims, but in reality, they're the predators seeking for favors and sympathy from others using their low self esteem and victim mindset.
For anyone who thinks a knife (or any weapon in the hand) is not a deadly threat, look up the 21 ft. rule
Scout was just mad because the officer didn't reference him with the proper pronoun I think lol enjoy your day libtards
I get that a knife is a deadly weapon that could easily of killed then with a poke but couldn't they just shoot him once or twice in both legs? Anyways if that's not a possible solution I guess the local Georgian officers did what they could. Sad story.
A female cop shot him? The march of progress! All those protesters should be celebrating.
And the Darwin Award goes to!
I don't understand the outrage. We allow Cops authority over us when they are on duty because they keep us safe. That is the compromise we agree to with the cops! So when you don't respect that authority and get shot.......
He failed to comply, he got killed...that's what happens. Why are these college idiots rioting? Imagine if this guy was black, the whole city would be on fire.
Na Na Na Na. Na Na Na Na. Hey hey hey. Goodbye.
Well done
Meh, had it coming
suicide by cop
us became hardcore isramic country.
HAHA.  One less faggot liberal.
Doesnt matter that theyre gay, cops, or whatever. Theyre dumb.
BAWAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!
Such a waste
Good riddance!
Good riddance.
lol get rekt
Haahahahahaa Good! These idiots should not reproduce.
Do stupid things, win stupid prizes. \nNext!
Natural selection.
Suicide by cop
This started a riot? Pathetic.
Moron deserved it.
The US Police seem to forget they are there to serve and protect. Why on earth would you need to shoot somebody with a knife in the chest? Shoot them in the leg, shatter their kneecap if necessary, but no need to kill them.
It looks like he wanted the cops to shoot him. Either that or he was on drugs. Seriously, who walks towards cops with guns drawn and expects a good outcome?!
they could've shot him in the leg, ended the threat instead of his life.
Why didn't the police just shoot the legs?
This is why Capitalism has nothing to do with Gay & Queer + Liberation! Police are the Enemey of our Movement since before Stonewall!
That pace from Bale tho😱😁👌🏻
Mayoral ha hecho más cosas en un partido que Benzemalo en toda la temporada.
Flash bale
Por un momento volvió el antiguo Bale
'El Expreso de Cardiff'
La Liga is so exciting. If Real Madrid doed not win it then Barcelona will, so unpredictable every season.
ahi lo tienen al verdadero Gare Bale...\nHala Madrid!!!!!!!!
EL REINO DE LOS CIELOS SE HA ACERCADO, NUESTRO REY Y SEÑOR JESUS CRISTO REGRESA, ARREPIENTANSE DEL PECADO Y CAMBIEN DE DIRECCIÓN SUS VIDAS\nTHE KINGDOM OF HEAVENS IS CLOSER, OUR KING AND LORD JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY OF LIVING...
Increíble Borja y Theo \nHalamadrid
Bale quando aperta o play não da pra ninguém kk
#HalaMadrid 👅 #LaLiga34?
Bale = The flash 😎👏☇
Gareth Bale what an insane run, that is what we expect, pull out your guns effectively and efficiently. #HalaMadrid
Im convinced that bale is the faster runner in football 100m? 200m? 400? He can run 97.3m in 10 sec effortlessly. If he really try, maybe 100m sprint in 10 secs.
When  bale show us that  he is not Shit.\n\n\n\nI am still waiting for benzema to do it now.
The thumbnail looks like Aaron Ramsey 😂
Bale out ran his on shadow!
Real Madrid not losing a single game atm, insane
Why are the Sociedad fans behind the goal on the right side too close to the field?
We can c bale on the uplift
Bale still can run! he is not done yet!
Cardiff express back in form
Bale is the Barry Allen of football
I saw a dream it was real soceidad 3_1 real msdrid
What the pace from bale...wow
Bale is king 👑 bale goal was nice and cool and god give him
#larobada
Real Madrid ganará la Liga. Hala Madrid 😍
Bale is officially back
Yassirdossri
Que rapidéz Gareth Bale era imposible pararle
Hala Madrid!!!!!!!!              el arbitro :/
youtube.com/watch?v=pCxo9-z4tEU&feature=youtu.be
very nice one!
Gareth Baleeeee 😍😍😍
Por fin bale
Gareth bale 2 fast 2 furious
Bale is formula 1
В прёт
Bale 😂
#shit league #shit teams
bale is lit
HalaMadrid
So fast
Испанци привет всем.
Golazo Bale
Anotó gol bale y no se lesionó
FIFADRID IS A SHIT HAHAHA
Bale is back
Best
Wooow Bale !! Is Fast
Bale goal...
kel bel jeux
Hay qu bele oi
Hala madrid ⚪🔵⚪🔵
Bale turbo
#halamadrid\n#madridelmejor
HALA MADRID!
Eso es #bale
Hala Madrid!
2
LAPURRAK.
He's baaaack!
No faltará un mandril diciendo Mayoral balon de oro
Volvió el Caimán cr7 puro esperar 🐊🐊🐊
No comentario?
le réal reste toujours le meilleur
1:04 el nuevo suarez\nHoy en cuarto milenio\nContra el Madrid todos se tiran nadie sabe porque
Que robo de partido y que albitro mas malo
Y no faltan los que siempre dicen que el Madrid ha robado, es increíble. ¿En serio no podéis admitir nunca que el Madrid ha jugado mejor en vez de decir la robada o chorradas así? Cuánto llorón.
Cuando te dejas caer, finges dolor, das vueltas pero nadie te pela. Minuto 0:48
Esto no es un resumen vaya mierda xd
Buen partido 3 puntos importantes
Q raro el estadio de la real... q hacen unas pocas sillas alla detras y luego nada..
Esos son los vídeos que megustan que subas 👍
Ese es el viejo Bale! Desde atrás le ganó en la carrera y hasta definió finamente sobre el arquero! Ojalá sigas así!
Bale. Es un atleta que sabe que en el fútbol es primordial
Real hasta la muerte
Grande bale
Hala madrid y nada mas
Qué tal carrera que se mando gareth bale.
Hoffentlich macht Bale so weiter also das war schon ein geiles Tor
Bale anoto un gol a lo Paolo Guerrero
Бэйл ат сияқты жүгіреді. Базар жоқ
Hala Madrid #KingsOfEurope #CR7 #BestPlayerEver
Sergio Ramos ơi, k hiểu em là trung vệ hay em là tiền đạo vậy? Xử lý trong vòng cấm hay quá....Hala Madrid
HALAMADRID⚽💘❤😎
Si enseñaran todas las faltas del Madrid, el video duraría 80-85 minutos...
73 y Contando
Gracias madridistas por dejarnos ser lideres en solitario y sacarnos de encima a la Sociedad..
Кросс
É o Kiko no gol?? Ou o Navas? Mas q frango mais hein 😂😂
GUESS WHO'LL BE BACK FOR THE NEXT LA LİGA GAME ON WEDNESDAY?\n\n\n\n\n♥CRİSTİANO RONALDO!!!KİNG OF FOOTBALL!♥ \n\n\nHAHAHAHAH! FUCK YOU GAYCELONA! FUCK YOU GAY MESSİ-PUSSY! FUCK ALL MESSİ-PUSSY FANS! SUCK MY DİCK MESSİ-PUSSY!\n\n\nWE ALWAYS FUCK #REALSOCIEDAD IN ANOETA! HAHHAHAHAHH! :D FUCK YOU ANOETA BİTCHS!
Exelente partido muy bien jugado y mantengan ese nivel viva Keylor Navas CR7 y !ALA MADRID!!!!!!
Soy del varsa  pero viva navas
Falta en la contra del segundo gol?
Bale god 😍😍
1
jajaja la falta del 2do gol: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJ8-efgXUAYnil2.jpg:large
Pobres madridistas este año darán lastima ....
They cant swim is why they dont like water, so sinking to the bottom of a lake and tying up a dragon shouldn't be a problem.
Bravo is a fucking idiot !!! He's actually arguing about how real this and that is on got !!! Its a fucking fantasy with dragons and zombies and magic !! u dumbass none of it is real or makes sense its fiction not a documentary
Eddie is easily a top 5 on the guests list
It's a conspiracy about that dragon and how they got it out. Someone should look into it...
It does take months... they just don't show it in the show
What about the plot hole where the sand snakes magically teleport on Jamie lanasters boat murder that dornish prince but for some reason don't murder jamie lanaster the family they hate.
I´ve never thought that the white walkers cant swim. Just the whights.
The Night King isn't a white. He can go in the water and use crazy magic obviously....
Edgy Brah would merk the Night King in a jiu-jitsu match.
They can get into water, they just cant swim
This season was full of plot holes and some really crazy shit that just didnt make sense. I dont understand why they are rushing to finish the highest rated show hbo has ever had. Still it was entertaining as fuck!
Got isn't also real
I wannt to be one of those dragon spikes!
Joe - you absolutely must watch Jon Snow Gets to Work. Look it up - NOW
Another episode of Eddie Bravo talking absolute shite and Joe not calling him out because Eddie could tie him up like a boa constrictor
also got timeline is not linear and never has been get over it.
Not to mention the reason why there was water in earlier season was because winter hadn't truly come yet, until this season hence the term winter is coming lol
season 7 was the best season so far.  -- Exemplifies why I can't stand Jim Norton. Him as successful comedian makes as much sense as Donald Trump being president.
Jim Norton is an unfunny, despicable disgusting vile fucking human being. Why is he trying to revamp his image at his age? He portrayed himself as the loser that he is all his life, all of a sudden he becomes an 'MMA' guy and he buys a leather jacket? Ok Jim....stick to fucking lady boys in Thailand and stop this cringe you slack jawed yokel. He is 49 but looks 103, looks like Hans Moleman.
They dropped the chains down with anchor style hooks, and dragged it out you could have pulled the chains truller style, so with enough of them it would be easy to drag the dragons out using the chains without entering the water.
sorry i have to do this eddie but you dont know shit about medieval fantasy. THEY SUMMONED it. loook into it.
I understand the show version. Book version is way more thought out but i drive most of the day for work and audible is awsome. I know alot of show watchers cant read or (listen) but it makes more sense
There was already a bunch of Deadites at the bottom of the lake from the battle, right? Case solved.
The wights are dead reanimated..cant swim...the White walkers are not.
Also why didn't he start chucking sprees at him when he was on that island
Maybe the white walkers tied up the dragon not the dead people
Drop the chains and drag it in the bottom until it hooks the dragon
Maybe they dropped anchors down from the surface and dragged it up after catching it on the hooks?
Eddie bravo- I'm CRAZY bro!  All I'm saying is that if I don't see it with my own eyes I don't believe it. Go on you tube and watch the video zombies can't swim. It will explain everything. I'm crazy!
then when you find out all the chicks on GOT are trangendered boys
I loved the episode where Dany, Jon and everyone was standing on the beach and in the next scene she's on the other side of the continent with an entire army. Then they cut back to the beach and everyone is still standing there.
You can tell Eddie really loves and cares about the series. They really did take a giant shit on this last season.
Is it me or is Joe Rogan giving Eddie the evil eye?
Early on in the show if I remember they did better on showing how long it took to go to places. But there was only another season left now so they really have to speed up the travels just to get the story going.
I have never watched game of thrones and never will, because its got fucking dragons, and people are getting erections when talking about a red wedding were people get killed. Im not kidding, that red wedding thing makes people bust loads that rips their pants and hits the wall. Its so silly.\n\nIf i want a fantasy movie i just watch lotr or something.
game of thrones sucks\n couldn't even finish the 1st episode
Eddie you're talking about fuckin dragons and riding them???? Dragons not fuckin real. Lol. But Eddie spoilt it for me with dragon dragged out of the water. Maybe earth is flat??? Lol
Khaleesi dropping a deuce(getting diarhhea) was descrbied in vivid detail in one of the books.
We don't know for sure if the White Walkers can't swim, just that the zombies can't swim. I could see one or two White Walkers swimming down there and attaching some chains to a dragon. Then the wights are just on pull duty.
eddie fucking bravo is on the next level
Hodor's gonna come back and bitch-slap stupid Bran.
if you throw a glock into a swimming pool I can go in and get it but if you take off on a speed boat across the ocean I can't get you... pretty obvious
they snagged the dragon with a hook!!!!
They have shown they can't swim but CAN enter water. Wasting thousands to kill 5 guys = not worth it. Wasting a few dozen to rez a dragon = worth it.
Obviously they let the giant tie the dragon, the water wasn't probably very deep. He's strong enough to carry the chain and he's tall enough to not just drown, assuming the water isnt extremely deep he could stand in the water, unlike the normal white walkers who would just sink to the bottom
I don't like how so many people don't see the difference between white walkers and the Others
In a world where dragons, wizards and other magical things exist Eddie is questioning how'd the chains get down there? Lolz
They just sink. There's nothing about water specifically that hurts them.
A Dragon blew up Tower 6!
Well if it's Redondo Beach to Hollywood, the armies can take the freeways so it's much faster.
Someone in the comments section said that, since the Night King was likely a sorcerer, he was probably able to create chains from magic.
So here is my theory for Eddie Bravo, I hope you see this. It seems that the white walker commanders have the same type of remote viewing ability and all knowing ability that Bran possesses as the Ravens Eye or w/e the fuck it's called. So that tells me that the commanders knew about the entire plan, as well as the dragons, and they chose not to advance on the group and didn't not advance because they couldn't, it seemed they were completely capable of killing that entire group including jon snow whenever they wanted to, they used that group to bait out the dragons so they could kill and revive one. That answers that part. In terms of how they are moving the big heavy dragons, they have Giants. Also in terms of who as you put it scuba dived down to put the chains on to begin with, I have to assume it was someone from the command of the white walker army being as they clearly possess abilities and greater powers than the zombies, as you can see they killed the dragon with one shot from a spear thrown from his hand, they could have clearly and easily killed all of the people stranded. So , I don't think there are quite as many holes as you think, I think the real only question would be exactly how they got the chains down to begin with, but that could be explained through the greater power and magic of the white walker commanders.
Rome had a sanitation system; medieval cities did not.
Eddie Bravo is a genius!
This dude is half a tard. I'm supposed to respect his opinion because he's good at jujitsu? GTFO.
Those white walkers were sacrified basically and will forever be stuck at the bottom. This argument has already been disproved.
The giant did it
Can someone tell Eddie Bravo that Wights are twice as strong as what they were when they were alive -.-.  Even says it in the books
Now I've seen it all. Grown ass men talking about Dragons.
What episode is this
Eddie really pissed me off this podcast, unfortunately.. He's so simple minded and made Joe and the others believe the shit he was talking.\n\n1. White walkers and Whites can go in water, they just can't swim... They sink to the bottom, as they're all bones with absolutely no buoyancy. They stopped at the water in season 6 because they were facing an open ocean and realised it would be impossible to get onto a boat. \n- Undead Giants, as well as HOW EVER MANY Wights, drop the chain down to the dragon in the water, they don't need to breath so they go down and place the chain around the dragon.. It's simple.\n\n2. But man, they are traveling too damn quick - Do you want to sit and watch constant traveling with unnecessary dialogue, or would you prefer to get straight to the important action and context? \n\nIt's like Eddie gave ever fibre of his brain to being focused on Jiu Jitsu that he became mentally retarded
Is this guy applying logic to a tv show about ice zombies
The leaders are all women including Jon snow\n❄.rogans is the worst mockingbird gatekeeper on you tube.but I suppose they need the fake fighting followers of dumb to be led by fake dumb...
They can go in water, they just can't swim.
I'm assuming the skeletons can climb the chains to get back out? What's so logical about what Eddie said? If anything this is proof that he doesn't think things through enough.
GOT became shite since G R.R Martin left it to those 2 twits.
Giants can swim says it in the books
maybe they cant swim but they can 100% at least walk under water, they tried to pull tormund under water in the beyond the wall episode
I love how this show's hype train got bigger and bigger with every season, and the quality of the show dropping like in the same amount.
I'm going to assume that white walkers took chains with them and sank to the bottom and put the chains on the dragon. I mean duh. They are dead, and don't care about dying. For a dragon the Night King probably would be willing to sink some of his legion to the bottom of the lake. Duh
Ancient Roman often has very sophisticated sewage systems which are still better than in large parts of the world today.\nThere are even aqueducts in France and Istanbul and are still actually functioning.
Just walking, not shitting God this was Eddie being on point
The scene when they pulled out the dragon with those chains reminds me of the first time I saw WTC 7 collapse.
Where the fuck did the chains come from in the 1st place? 🤔
There were plenty of wights that fell in the water during the fighting that chained the dragon , as for the chains the knight king got them from hardhome as he can see events in the past and future like bran he knew he'd need them .
It's never been established that wights can't go in the water. They said that wights don't swim. They were able to get the chains around the dragons because the wights sank to the bottom where the dragon was, & put the chains around it. Then a whole bunch of wights above pulled it out.
Magic muthafacka!
Skeletons and rotting bodies can't float.... so it was pointless for them to chase them in to the water they would just sink.\nBut they can just drop them straight down the hole and they sink to where the dragon is.\n\nBut yeah, the chains..... no idea.
I'M CRAAAAZY!
Do they think game of thrones is real?
The white walkers cant swim they never said they cant go in the water they said they cant swim
they freeze in water
Ice king is an old 3 eyed raven and sees all like bran and therefore predicted all this hence - mfucker brought chains n anti dragon ballistics (spears).
Eddie is the biggest fucking idiot I've had the displeasure of listening to. It wouldn't be so bad but he NEVER shuts the fuck up
the fact they fucked this up this hard totally ok's the spoilerage
Has Eddie ever heard of a big treble hook the dragon is dead so who cares if it gets a big hook hole
Even though Eddie is a fucking retard, he is funny as fuck!!!
Eddie schools Joe.   Finalllllly.  Joe is Eddie b88ch.
lmao ayyy Eddie is funny af
They have giants.
5:36 - 6:12 had me dying
hahaha eddies the best
Edgy Brah pointin' out plot holes in ALL official narratives
Enjoyed the video!
God dammit! Eddie is right!
The scuba zombie hypothesis
Good points.
Joe was crispy baked..
This is trending
Does anyone else hate Jim Norton?
Congrats Gemma that looks awesome!
We LOVE Dane and Sally!! 😊😍
Jemma your kitchen is paradise!! Such a lovely place <3
Love how it looks sooo fun to work in your kitchen!!! 😭
Looking really good.
I wanna travel to London and try those cupcakes.
I've been enjoying your channel for several years from Japan! On that day, I made my BF(lives in London) to go to the shop for the dessert and meeting Jemma and he nailed it! Obviously I was so happy that my BF sent my love to Jemma but he was also very happy to meet you and enjoyed your sweets! Thank you very much!! xoxo
I always use my fire lighter XD
😍
Those look delicious. Mmmmmmmmmmm
Your Cupcake Jemma towel 😍
MashAllah
Looks amazing!!
I am fifth!!!
I am Aranka do u remember meee
Looks like compostable packaging too - good work Jemma! :)
It looks soooooooo good. \nMail me some please. I will pay anything. Pregnancy cravings suck. 😩😂
FIRST!!! Love gemmas videos!
These look fab! Had cupcakes from crumbs and doilies last Christmas when I visited London. Been craving them ever since!
Please make cakes based on Indian theme,green tea & red wine please
Dane and Sally are too cute !!
You are such a delight to watch, and now DANE!  WooF, I always wanted an English BF!
How much did they cost each?
So good to see loads of people coming out to the shop, well done Jemma :) So impressed with your buisniss
I was kind of nervous that the blow torch would set the cardboard alight...
All the up & down stairs must be why you all stay in shape!
Jemma, is Colour Gel bad for buttercream? Will it make it go runny? .. I couldn't find colour paste :(
How do you not burn the paper containers?!?! That’s skillz!!
Too bad I'm in Brazil
Will torching work with Swiss meringue as well? I'm assuming it will but thought I'd ask.
Marie same !!!😃😊
I love these BTS videos because everything always looks so organised!
wow it looks delicious jemma!, congratz!.\ni don't know if you will be able to answer that, but if somebody can answer me this, would be appreciated: in the video jemma says that you need to lick the blowtorch on the italian merengue. this technique changes depending on the merengue, or i can do with any kind of merengues that i want to blowtorch it?
Looks like it was a fun day!!!
Alas u were not in😣
I like this kind of behind the scenes because it includes talking, not just pictures and music :)
I love your videos and your baking wonders Jemma, don't get me wrong but... 1:17 WHO IS THAT MAN ???!!!! The romantic Frenchie I am fell in love, it's settled, done. Cakes and the man.. *-*
i wish somedag i be the one your kitchen stuff ..but thats a only a dream .. 😢 ...your cool jemma and nice ...godbless
Sorry, but I just feel inclined to say that Dane is absolutely gorgeous
Dane - the definition of perfect looks?  <3
I'm so said i couldn't make it London cause i was working :(\nI hope you're gunna do another dessert party soon cause i would love to try it plus meet you 😍
I know the point is to toast all of the marshmallow but the half toasted half not piping in the thumbnail looks for pretty! 😊
I want it. I am so hungry.
Your videos are too good. I'm going to have to exercise an extra hour a day after eating the extra food 😂
Love everything you do! You are simply lovely.
What a coincident I was watching your Recipe Video for this and this Video pop up. So I just click on it without thinking. >w<
wish i was there! 🤤
Yaaas Queen!! Love all of the goodies you make!!!
BTW visited c and d BTW
Please do a video on modeling fondant because i loved your little carrots for the carrot cakes!!
Love what you're doing
Did anyone else notice the amazing ring?! Are you engaged? 😍
How amazing are Dane and Sally?! 😍
you have such a cute staff
Oh beautiful  i  still wait your new video.ask  quastion  Chef are you have book...i want buy... Sorry my speak englis not good thanks  Chef
See it the U.K. in the year 2067.
Average U.K Council worker - this seems to efficient for my liking.
Someone please tell me why this is trending
Hmmmm what happens to the other 4 guys do for work?
cheaper and greener. that's all matter. i hope it can be applied in my country soon.
how is it even more green if theres baree smoke 🖕
groundbreaking technology lmao
First den
wat
Anna Wintour has been at vogue since 1988, and only now is talking about 'body image'. smh.
who put a gun to anna wintour's head to say those things about body image lmao
If that's not the pot calling the kettle black. If Vogue wanted a variety of body types on the runway, they should have started with their magazine. And no, I don't mean a tokenized yearly issue.
Somehow ironic since they're still photoshopping the girls in Vogue!!! 🤔
clicked so fast. devil wears prada.
I can't believe Vogue would upload this, I mean do they think were stupid. Who in the world thinks were going to see models walking the runway any bigger than a size 2 (maybe). And for her to say this as her bones are perturbed and she probably eats a cliche of a cube of cheese for each meal.
Is she really lecturing designers about body image ?! I mean, look at your magazine woman !!! Incredible !
I feel like these videos are completely different from Vogue magazine. When I pick up a Vogue magazine I feel overwhelmed and exhausted.
I am confused ...it's not just Britain and our fashion week who idealise the skinny woman it's 99% of the fashion industry including magazines
These videos are nice, it's cool to have an editor in chief talk about how she felt about the different trends seen at fashion weeks. Though I have to call bullshit on her feelings towards body positivity.
Weird! I remember you criticizing Jennifer Garner for looking pregnant and then asking to retouch an image of a model who you thought looked not as thin. All of this was in The September Issue.
Anna the Genius.
All these people whining about body image. You're just mad because fashion designers don't wanna spend the money for extra fabric to cover your fat ass body!
wow I can't believe *Anna Wintour* speaks out on body image and thinness...I'm dead
Wintour may not believe in what she said about body image but doesn't mean what she said isn't true.
Thanks God magazines are going out of business.
She can sing the hymn of nepotism! No skill, education, nor style but destroying Vogue and fashion since 1988... boring!
That fucking arrogant grandma is still alive & talks about body image? Die A.S.A.P., you fugly hypocritical libtard.
If i hear ingenuity and optimism from one more of her videos though...
I really love Anna showing her perspective about tendencies and making her points to the designers. She knows exactly where the world is going and off course that includes fashion!!!.... moreeeeee!!!!!
Translation: They tried, but not hard enough. also the burberry show was aweful
Seriously Anna, a bit late in the game to be talking about stick thin models and body image....shame on you!
Absolutely Love Anna ♥️
Only Gareth Pugh made sense
Lol
she needs to RETIRE. she is no longer bringing anything new to the table.
Oh shit here we go. Now Anna is getting on the fat positivity bullshit train. Choo choo baby. Ride that train into irrelevancy Anna. You're getting old anyway. Don't blame you.
Christopher Kane isn't English
I like how she (finally) realized the huge issue of sizes in models, and I really hope and think that it's finally gonna start to change in the next few years.
I disagree a lot with the phrase you have to be thin to be cool that's not make sense
i can listen to this smart lady all day
So sick of her.
Love you Anna for talking about body image and love those videos 😄😍
Anna is THE QUEEN 😍😍😍
I want more like this of Anna every fashion week 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼👸🏻
thin girls,,,,, I think you mean petite girls , Annal,,,,,,,,, ok,,,,,,,,, so you, you and you can go park ya fat crackers over there and leave '''''''all the pretty pretty''''''' to me............ lololol.........
Yaass anna
Thin models is so 200Over
good. 😉😉😉
😍
YASSS ANNA!
♥️♥️♥️
I wear my sunglasses at night... Get over yourself, old broad. You ain't all that.
Yes true the image is not so okay 👀
I wish a choreo of this song
did they just roast me through a song.
I never thought id be so happy with being a metaphorical rat😂😂
Wow they just destroyed the fourth wall
im. watching this at 2 AM and i have 3 tests today..\n**slinks away**
I'm crying this song is me legit
This is easily one of my favorites from the album. The lyrics are exposing every ARMY in the world. lol The melody sounds nostalgic and disco-ish, like it's from back in the days.
 It may be a little dangerous but I'm very sweet that phrase tho...
BTS, u hav ruined me beyond repair... I never knew you before March, but as soon I heard blood sweat and tears, I've been hooked... Thank you sooo much from all ARMYS around the world
They r giving lines to jin as well in this album right? Which is gooood
BLOW IT LIKE A FLUTE\n\n\n\n\n\nsorry i had to
Can someone do a video: 'pied piper but every time 'flute' is mentioned, a video of jhope using a flute with his nose plays'?
this song is like a conversation between army and them.  I HAAVE AN EXAM IN TWO WEEKS WHY NOWW
I swear these boys could enslave the world and we would happily and willingly follow and help....
what we should take from this video is that while being a fan is okay and liking a band is fine, to obsess over and idolize a group of individuals is really unhealthy for you and them. bts realizes this and while they realize how harmful they could be to their fans (grades dropping, etc.) they also want to be supported and thus there e is a dilemma. and they feel like a pied piper. I really like the message of this song, and I feel like a lot of people miss this. liking a band is fine. just don't let it overtake every part of your life. there is more to life than a kpop group, no matter how good they are (and gotdamn are they good)
Your parents and boss hate me\nYeah don't forget to mention my teacher.\nI'm living in a dorm and I still remember that one day when my dorm teacher suddenly want to check our dorm and me and the other Army or Exo-L or whatsoever rushing toward our room to hide they're picture/poster and everything about them since our dorm teacher doesn't allowed us to bring those precious things ever.
We got a diss track but we did upload cypher pt 4 and bon voyage to porn hub so no surprise and I'm surprised they didn't mention fan fics
ur video is featured in the billboard website!
I think this might be my favourite song on this album
Is it me or I think the first one singing in the second chorus is actually Jin not Jungkook? :O
I'm takin' over you. 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Welp there will be alot of voice cracks when I sing this
Blame BTS. Damn right my phone is filled with BTS and YouTube history of BTS. Parents nagging about stop going crazy about BTS. Welcome to our lives.
this is talking about how you should study and 99% of us started school. AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED THAT?!
This song was banned by KBS
i think this is my favorite of the album!
Only BTS can do this to me
NEED TO HIDE MA SELF IM EXPOSED\n\n*WE
BTW they're saying i'm your paradise not you're my paradise \n\nthat just makes this all the much better dont it
Damn who would not get turned on when they tease us like this.... killin us softly with this song
BTS has been watching us real close
When i hear this song i realize how obsessed i am with BTS and How low my Grades in school. that's why I'm going to be Good girl and study hard☺
i know this isnt relatable but bts has actually made my life way better and made me want to take care of myself and made me feel happier and better about myself, lmao i do sometimes stay up late just to watch bts vids but overall they have improved my life and i love them ❤️❤️
They dissed us of so bad😭😭😭and I love that😂
This song is literally a confession that they have ruined all of our lives....
I'm never getting over J-hope being like  I'm your guilty pleasure I'M LIKE HE KNOWS THE SHIT WAAA
Biblical reference, like the fruit from the tree of knowledge, that's my boyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, big ups to you. Knowing your stuff!!!!! Im Touched!!
The Pied Piper of Hamelin (German: Rattenfänger von Hameln, also known as the Pan Piper or the Rat-Catcher of Hamelin) is the title character of a legend from the town of Hamelin (Hameln), Lower Saxony, Germany, which is illustrated by Arthur Rackham in 1934. The legend dates back to the Middle Ages, the earliest references describing a piper, dressed in multicolored (pied) clothing, who was a rat-catcher hired by the town to lure rats away [1] with his magic pipe. When the citizens refuse to pay for this service, he retaliates by using his instrument's magical power on their children, leading them away as he had the rats. This version of the story spread as folklore and has appeared in the writings of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, the Brothers Grimm, and Robert Browning, among others.\n\nThere are many contradictory theories about the Pied Piper. Some suggest he was a symbol of hope to the people of Hamelin, which had been attacked by plague; he drove the rats from Hamelin, saving the people from the epidemic.                                     \n                                                                                                                                                                                                                           \nThe earliest known record of this story is from the town of Hamelin itself, depicted in a stained glass window created for the church of Hamelin, which dates to around 1300. Although the church was destroyed in 1660, several written accounts of the tale have survived.                                                                                                                                                                                                    \n                                                                                                                                                                                                                         \n them source is wiki i heard this once and also watch it in a anime the lyrics in the song are a little bit dark but not as dark as the anime were the kids died it even gave an amount (this was near the last ep of the anime)
I love this song already!
This describe my whole entire life🤔🤔
It's somewhat double meaning especially if you are greenminded....lol
It's true my parents DO hate you . cause you distract me from studying. also jungkook wyd don't take over me.
I can already feel my grades dropping because of this comeback...
I am your guilty pleasure, You can never get out of this Never.\n*Shrugs and drops bags, skips happily into the kpop death hole*
this sounds like i feel it coming by the weekend and daft punk.
When I see or hear the word flute I just... \n\n\n\n\n\n\nNOW BLOW IT LIKE A FLUTE OOH OOH
I pledge allegiance to the army of the kpop world of heaven  and to the republic for which it stands in the nation under bts(lmao I wish this was literal)individual with liberty(not true I am stuck in the hole still) and justice(fuck yeah*jungkook voice*) for army.
this song was speficially made for ARMY, oml. sooo on point
Why are they so late in telling us is late to.not fall too deep into the bts hole? Could've told us like a day or even an hour we fell in. Cuz its too late
Savages I loved the way they roasted us 😂 and I dont complain tbh 😅
at least the same beat
Well this song cant get any more accurate lol
im taking over youis the most accurate thing i have ever heard
str8 up bts...am taking over you.its like they watch our every move.this song totally speaks to me coz i literally cant go a day without bts...theres a time where i used to watch their videos and realise its daybreak
I remember reading something of a pied piper in Germany (?) A village was suffering from a rat infestation. A man with a 'pied' colour clothing and a magical pipe. He used his magical pipe to lure the rats to a river where they drowned. When He asked for the full payment, they refused.The pied piper became furious and lured the town's children away, the same way he did with the rats. \n\nJust saying
*This is one of the deepest songs that I've ever heard in my entire life.*
I am sincerely underage boys. Don't make this harder than it already is... Good girl I'm here to take over you here to ruin you *Tear rolls down my non Asian eye*
THEY BE KNOWING GUYS... PACK YOUR THINGS!!
bitch i better listen to rap monster and get my ass to study already
lol i always study and listen to BTS
Good girl NAMJOON DID YOU KNOW YOU WERE MY BIAS WRECKER!?
Every BTS era i they always mention ARMY and Haters 😂 how sweeettt thats why i love them(bts) with all my heart 💕💕
My parents don't hate u ..they believe that u are my happiness \nActually I cried when I listened to Pied Piper...I felt like they talk to me directly  especially when the said  this song is a reward I give Good girl  OMG my feelings \nbeing an ARMY is the only thing I will never regret in my stupid life \nI am thankful for having known you
I responded to this :') \nHahaha in school too xD
Holy crap i can't choose a fucking favorite song from this ALBUM
suga said that this song is about ARMYs,, they wrote a fucking song about us??????? my other idols cant relate. i love bangtan, always will ❤️
Jimin and his high voice makes me high. And he isn't even my bias. 😘
Army's New anthem
Best song in the elbum 😍👏
Why does Hobi look like Mark from Got7 is this picture? 😆
I fucking love this song.....it's so addictive. BTS is amazing. I love them.
Bts saved me from bad breakup 😩 they are my saviour angels
idk why. but whenever I think about bts, there are like my boyfriends. there are so sweet. i think i live in fantasy. bts. what u had done to my life. 😫😣
Is this dedicated to Army's hahahah I'm dying this applies to all of us lmao
Who tell them our daily routine?! 😂
This was saeran in V's route😍😍😍😏😏😏 love this song,,,,,,,,,,
- My parents and friends realy hate you guys. But I'll never ever like them. Everyday, I try to make them love you. And now, in my class there is 6 ARMYs. From 2 to 6. After listened about how did Bangtan hard-work and sweat, tears for family, for fan, my Mom changed. Just belive, and we can do it.
This song is definitely about fans in general. I'm not going to lie, seeing this really made me take a step back and realize that these lyrics are true with all the bands I am into...
i was dying because i was imagining jhope with his recorder  😂😂😂😂
I don't think all of you understand everything this song is about. Yes it's about ARMY and the duality of loving BTS but also hating them because they're ruining your life and about you finding peace in their songs, but it's also about the industry as a whole.\n Like how Idols are TRAINED to do that! The industry is DESIGNED to do that! And it's fucking weird and a fascinating phenomenon. Like omg if I had more time I would expand more on this. This song is awesome goddamnit this is so META. I fucking love them.
This song is a reward I give you, good girl i'm not cryi- wait no i am
Somehow, I feel personally attacked by this.
omg!! This song will be the death of me! RIP Armys!<3
It's the reality
I still wish Jin had more lines
Sounds like Korean Daft punk ✌👌💙
Smiling n crying
they protec with 2!3! but they attac with this
PLEASERUINMETYVERYMUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Komo lo zupo? *insértese meme de Pedro el Mono*
lmao army just got dissed
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Does rapmon havs any line in here ?
They know...
I'M CRYING <3
i swear im not sinning...
Ohhhh too real
Perfect.
ICONIC LYRICS ROASTING ARMYS
Yo creí que esta canción hablaba de juegos sexuales... :´v
anybody else waiting for jamie genevieve and helen to collab? cause i'm waiting. i think a grwm together would just be the best thing on earth.
This edit is perfection! The start was way cooler than anything on YouTube at the moment!!!! Loved it and appreciate the hard work you put in to create content 💕💕
I know this isn't really relevant but you have such a beautiful body Helen!
Im not sure which Kat Von D palette you have but there is refillable version, and then when you use one shade you can just buy that one and replace it. :)
i loooove your freckles!!!
Love loveee the way you don't take make-up too seriously, makes it more fun! .. great inspo right there!  ❤️
1.30 in and I'm thinking GURL your skin is looking fabulous without makeup, is there a particular product your using for skin care that's doing that? It's looking real glowy and smooth and lovely, super jealous
Helen I think the Kat Von D palate has refillable pans so you could just get your favourite shade and replace it! I think anyway not 100% sure
I love how similar to your vlogs the intro is, i LIVE for them
your skin is looking incred!! love the style of this video <3
When you were going to put on your mascara and made the, bind them together now comment...I can't even tell you how hard I laughed at it. I was in tears! The voice you made and the face that went along with it. Hahahahahaha. <3
You have such original ideas and original ways of filming! I love your channel so much ❤️
I love the color combo on the eyes
Ooh that glitter looks amazing!
Dude are u ever stoned when filming these videos? Cos that would be awesome....
Loved how you did your intro! And at the end of the video your hair has this dark red kind of colour and I think it could suits you so much! But we'll never be tired of the purple one of course
YOU'RE SUCH A BABE
you are off your head girl so funny, why all the foundation slap though like coco the clown when your skin is pretty without it , it's just a waist of money that clown stuff.  you should show your pretty freckles 😉
kat von d have separate pans so you can refil the contour kits!!
It was SO lovely to see a latest on you doing makeup, havent really seen you do a makeup look in a long time. 😊 xxx
Speaking of Harry Potter, you're a real life Tonks 😄 love it ☺️❤️
I can tell your more crazy side is out more now!! Yay!
Miss Helen you look amazing 💜💜💜 Loving the heavier eye makeup and your hair looks so shiny and luxe at the end!! Xx
I didn't think it was possible to be jealous of someone's eye socket shape, but every time you just throw eyeshadow on it is already this incredible shape.
This introduction is FRESH!! Feels super happy and professional xx seriously coooool!!
Glad it's not just me who looks half dead when they first put on their foundation cause I'm so pale 😆
you need to tell us where you got your tape ins done at! <3
That was the most honest way of putting on eyelashes !!!! I struggle so hard because it's actually quite difficult.  So relatable !!!!! Oxoxooxox
This is one of the most beautiful looks & best edited GRWM videos I've ever seen, the quality of your videos keep going up and up, Helen 🌸✨
Use a Suede shoe cleaner for the palette! Works like a charm. I use the Vans shoe cleaner (just because that's what I buy to clean all my Vans) but you can use any Suede shoe cleaner you can find 👍
I laughed so hard when you said YO im a shadow!!! 😂😂😂 xxx
You are hilarious ! That's why I always look forward to watching your video xx
Love this look. I find it easier to apply lashes when I put mascara on first then the lashes because they have something to stick onto  xx
It still amazes me how you can use both hands to do your makeup
Not sure if this has been said, or this is a really strange thing to say. But your jaw line is just magnificent!! xz
This had me cracking up the whole time! bravo!
I'm always listening to the harry potter audiobooks while I'm working! It's great background noise when I can't be watching something!
Hey What's up from Ireland Sidney here uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmm i love that look 2day uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmm i love im watching u on my ps4 pro ps4 pro ps4 PlayStation vr rules
I hope everything's OK Helen.
YO! im a shadoww :') you say the best things lol
Such a fun grwm 😀Your super fun and charming. All the best to you ❤️
haha i loved the comment about doing your eyeshadow first - i do it first now too and it's soo much better!! i feel so weird doing foundation first now.
I am loving your re-vamped hair colour. Seriously, every single hair colour you have ever had is amazing. It always makes me want to dye my hair again. (I've had nearly every colour you can think of.) Also, make-up goals. (= xx
Love the intro, you put so much love and effort on your videos. Everytime I see a notification of you it makes my day 😚😄
You are so cute and funny 😍
I love the way you use both of your hands, I'm so jealous!! 😍
Please don't ever change. I love you so much 😂 your just you and that's great! 💖
oooh the struggle! same happens to me when putting on lashes - same eye, same corner. utterly frustrating 😅😅😅
Hahaha. I thought I was the only one who had issues sticking eyelashes on. My reaction is pretty similar
you are so damn beautiful
I loved everything about this
omg helens hair is so shiny, it looks like its in great condition
I basically only ever wear makeup when I'm filming haha.....so I wore makeup today! I need to do my eyeshadow more often with eyeliner, I always love how you do yours!
💜💓💜💕💕💜💓💜\nLoved this video! \nYou probably won't see this comment being so busy, but can you do a FLAMINGO inspired makeup look? \nLove you! \n💜💓💜💞💕💜💓💜
I love your hair color 💜❤
You should try getting a toothbrush to scrub off the dirt if it's just a fluffy velvety material :) it should be okay and not damage the packaging !
Where did you get ur new pallette! been trying to get my hands on one but haven't been successful:( pls help! x
Your makeup looks amazing, great video 💗💗
Loved your energy in this! I think a little background music would have been cool too 😊
Savers sell Eyelure for cheaper if you have a store near by, they sell them for 2.99/3.99.
I keep my ABH palette in the cardboard sleeve so it doesn't get mucky ❤️
Loved this video. You are hilarious.
I like that you filmed the beginning like your vlog intos are. Always putting out fab content babes.
This was such a fun video! Love the make up look
The makeup is so cool! I wish I could rock this just like you do! Anyaway, the whole video was really beautiful, you are such an inspiration Helen
Helen, I fucking love you. This edit too! top bloody notch! <3
I have the electric palette and it says on the back that like 3 of the colors aren't meant for use on eyes. Kinda of silly for AN EYESHADOW PALLETTE. I mean, I do it anyway...but whatever.
Am I the only one who thinks you look and act like Helena bonham carter? I love your videos though ❤️ x
Again. Your uniqueness shines through in your videos. I love how you don't take everything so serious! Loving the vlog style at the beginning of your vid too 😉
This look is gorgeous and you are gorgeous 😍😍😍
Your intro inspired me to get my shit together :___D
Love your videos Helen!! What shade do you use in the too faced concealer? Xx ❤️
This vid is the best! 😂
loving your make up. also very much loving the mirror in the background, I'm looking for one just like it . It's amazing how we change the way we put on our make up with all these YouTube beauty bloggers teaching us how to do things right. I'm now 37 and for years i would use my hands and fingers for putting my foundation and eyeshadow on, oh the horror lol.....i mean what was primer.... eyebrows, well they were ignored and hidden under my fringe or should I see my very much very blonde barely there eyebrows lol. When I told my 13year old she had a look of shock n horror on her face as tho I had just licked the toilet bowl lol, have to say the kids more clued up on make up trends than me and when I tell her she doesn't need to use my primer she tells me times have changed now mum....boy I feel ancient lol
For a second I thought I was watching one of your vlogs because of the intro. I actually checked the channel lolz. Love this chatty relaxed get ready vid, your energy is infectious. Reminds me of your old melonlady video's but with better make-up skills ;)
Love the edit
Do you still have your septum pierced? xxxx
Gorgeous!!!
Yess makeuuupp \nLove it ♡
i fucking love you soooo much.
Fit
Looooooved this 🖤
Awesome video!
😍😍😍😍😍
🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
Babe x
I got that lippy! Xx
Loved this video
Bladddy stunnnnnnnerrrrr ❤️
LOVE 💜
Fucks she gorgeous!!!
Love these chatty GRWMs!
♥️👌🏼
Had you had a drink before this video? You seemed a little lit and in a great mood 😂
your hair at the end looked dark, mahogany like! omg so suited u!!! do it do it do it
Helen, you should definitely dye your hair burgundy after this color! The lighting made it look that way towards the end and it was gorge! You could even put darker parts in it, like lowlights.. For the edgy rock chick side of you 😉🤘🏼
This is the first time i've heard that the Electric Palette had issues with the eye. LOL I'm american, I use it and have no issues. LOL The more you know.
Have you heard of the eyelashes that have tiny magnets on them? They have a top lash with a little magnet end and a bottom lash with a little magnet end. Then you sandwich your natural eyelashes in the middle of the falsies. I think they are suppose to stack on the outer parts of your eyelashes to make the outer corners more full. \nI haven't tried them but they look interesting. They are suppose to be lightweight so they don't harm your natural lashes. And I'm pretty sure they are reusable.
Gosh every video is sooooo good Helen! A round of applause to you darling
I wish my skin was naturally dryer, because as someone with naturally oily skin, when I put ON oils and cream foundations... oh my god. My skin can be clean and fresh to put them on, then an hour later I just look so oily. Even after setting spray, after everything. I have to stick to powder foundation and skip using any oil or moisturizer before makeup to avoid looking like a human toad. I stick to a good skin routine and I do moisturize my face before bed, but I can't wear makeup that has a lot of liquidity to it because I just go glossy. Does anyone else have this problem?? I wish there was a way to switch skin types because I feel if you have dry skin, you can moisturize it. If you have oily skin... Like what do. Sorry for rambling.
Girlfreind.exe has crashed
5:43 that is true... noob noob was the true hero of the episode. The universe is a cold place... even colder when your own family can't even pick up what you're laying down, and looks up to distant idols, rather than nearby heroes... \n\nSometimes all it takes is someone to bite into someone else's joke when they put it out there on the line, when no one else would... 🤔
Rick used to drool/burp mid speaking, he doesn't do it much now, other ricks do it but not the Rickest Rick
I feel realateable to Rick in the sense that whenever I feel to emotionally close to someone I push them away
They would all want to kill themselves if Rick did not erase their memories. Rick makes them go crazy.\nAlso, when Rick and Morty are forced to abandon living in different dimensions, like the Cronenberg episode or when Morty starts the squirrel reich, their family wouldn't know of the stuff that happened in the episodes before since they get swapped out.... Maybe Rick struggles so much because he's destroyed his own families' minds over and over again and no one else but him understands what it's like to be the smartest being in the universe.
Jesus Christ can someone please figure out the name of that outro song? I know they cited the music they used at the end of the video, but none of them matches up. Please help! @ScreenPrism
The reason why he cares but doesn't care is because he wants to make sure his enemies don't use them against him because they'll sense vulnerability.
Ugh the show is supposed to be crazy and weird, that's what makes it good, this vid is just trying to put reasoning behind everything that happens, just stop..please
i dont want rick to change\ni want him to be that same rick that was on a whole new level and didn't give a shit, he's a unique character and changing him by giving him deeper emotions would ruin the character
There's two Ricks, one with drool and one without. The sober one cares, the drunk one doesn't.
Rick is just an ass
At 8:11 Rick and Morty pull down the pants and underwear except Summer who leaves the underwear.
I like what you got GOOD JOB!
what is the music at 6.40
Take a shot every time theirs an unnecessary edit
Rick always showed equal signs of caring and signs of carelessness.\n\nHe has two parts of his character and is very dynamic, Ricks typically find emotions as a weakness when I think he can and has made it a strength.
Why does it feel like the quality drops in season 3.
rick is in deep conflict with himself. he's a man of science and therefore knows that a human life is basically worth as much as an ants life. and just like ants, it doesn't matter if he or anyone else dies. there's infinite ricks, his genious isn't special. he always says not to think about it. then he finds himself thinking about it and that goes against a rick's nature. it's like if chris hanson finds him self becoming a pedophile. that just shatters your selfperception.
That how a asshole acts
Maybe Rick does it because he might know he may lose them. Maybe he already lost a family and tries not to get too attached.
You know what the Rick and Morty soundtrack is just amazing!! I mean wow!
He doesn't want to get to close to north because if he loses him he knows he will be devastated
I'll say it again, this is called CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT, it isn't something masterfully crafted, also the federation thing fell into his lap later on, you can't show genuine sadness and then turn back on it as part of the plan
He talks differently too. Burps less and says morty less
On this quizizz app that my school uses it pops up with stupid memes when u get a right answer and sometimes there is one where rick pops up and says wubba lubba dub dub and every time I see it I think about how it means pain and suffering and laugh
She sounds like the therapist from Pickle Rick
This theory is so stupid for so many reasons. It is revealed that Rick cares for morty in several ways. An example of this is Rick's idea of toxicity, which is his care for morty. And the part about morty telling summer that Rick left them was because he was protecting summer from the dangers of trying to help him.
You are seeking an explanation for a guy who thinks nothing matters, and life has no meaning. He is right, of course. But he is also acting on it instead of behaving as expected. Because unlike the rest of us who have to live among people despite of knowing the lack of meaning in life, he doesnt have to live among people and therefore he doesnt try to be likeable at all.
Who here wants to learn God?
Best explaination ive heard of his charactor and one that i fully agree with. Amazing video!!
Are you kidding me😂 who fuckin cares, there are much bigger secrets to find than emotions
...sooo...Rick is a...MAN...what a Fucking...revelation...(sigh)...\n(this is some feminist Bullshit.)\nNOBODY wants to see Rick care about shit. It would RUIN the show. You know, like how the Leftists have ruined America...(BELCH) :>)
He's not my rick, he's my partner OH JEEEEEEZZZZZ
I think that Rick is still in the galactic prison in the brain machine.
BUT THATS JUST A JERRY!
yeah, it's called charecter development
I really relate to Rick Sanchez from Rick and Morty. I’m nowhere near that intelligent - he’s an impossibly smart supergenius, so nobody is, and anyone who says otherwise is lying, especially if they’re saying they’re that intelligent. \n\nBut I do understand the depression that comes from being more intelligent than the majority of people in the world. You know things could be so much better if people could just see what you see and know what you know. And because you know things could be better, every sign that things are not getting better (or are getting worse) hurts your heart and makes getting through the day a Sisyphean slog. So you shut down your ability to care in order to survive, but it keeps popping back up no matter how hard you try to shove it down.\n\nI have a theory about Rick, that’s based on the fact I know something of the way he feels. My theory is that he DOES care, he just pretends he doesn’t, and often acts like he doesn’t, because the sheer psychological weight of how much he cares makes him suicidal and homicidal. There are little signs here and there in the series that he really does care, like how he keeps rescuing Morty, how he took down the intergalactic government (the act of someone who believes the world will be better off without it), some of the mind probe scenes from the first Evil Morty episode, and others. I’d have to scour the series again for more evidence.
Yeah well maybe the comparison with Dumbledore at the start wasnt really a good one \nI mean the guy literally raised harry to be a...sacrifice. Harry even aknowledged it \nFor the greater good right?
Any body else love Tiny Rick?
But one he does care about\n\n\n\n\nNoob noob
He only cares about the szechuan sauce
I think the possibility that Rick is morty is possible as morty is becoming far more cynical and confident then he used to be. Also more ruthless and uncaring
After the last episode I still don't think Rick cares a lot about his family.
to spare time yes he changed
Because of the sh*tty new writers ...
Since Morty becomes Rick c137 Rick is trying to make a Rick as Rick as him so he tried with evil Morty but he failed or succeed if you look at how evil Morty is Rick like and how our Morty is becoming like Rick also Rick likes red heads Morty likes read heads
He actually was saying his feelings towards Morty and not Noob Noob...
It's called character development. Take a writing class ya nimrods.
we know he cares. that was pretty obviously cleared up by healthy rick, and reinforced by toxic rick. waste of time
Take it as a joke or not but Im gonna put my penis deep inside the girl host from this video.
The real question is when will everyone else in the show see he's caring.
I like rick as an asshole
I think that Rick cares about Morty beacouse Morty is a younger Rick.
yeahh that reminds me to dr house xD
The noob noob thing was bullshit. Rick did the thing that one does when they're plastered, talking about something they don't really want to be said before the last bit of rationality left in the drunkard mind says Oh shit, change the subject numb nuts! But then he did throw the party for Noob Noob as a contingency to keep from getting killed, however it was Morty's dismissal of him that made him get all drunk and emotional in the first place. Idk, I feel like Noob Noob was just a safe substitute for Morty in his mind so he expressed how he felt about Morty through Noob Noob.
It's a different Rick
lol @ the bots and the paid shills in the comments pretending like they genuinely enjoyed this GARBAGE video. Absolutely disgusting.
Oh jeez oh man, my name is Morty and I'm 45 years. I realized I started looking like my grandpa rick. 10 years later I figured out I'm actually rick, and I'm supposed to travel back in time and raise myself so I can continue the non-stop party that is me, the infinite rick.
Rick not a dynamic type character, no matter what, he still the same, because he Rick! And Rick not really like changing his character, and he can fourth wall breaking to see that.
anyone who watched the show seriously this is shit
Rick alway want to kill him self
Get a new mic
Actually he hasn't changed at all. It was established in season 1 that he cares about his grandkids.
these people are not woke enough about rick and morty. Rick at the beginning of season 1 is rick from different dimension than that of the rick that we are currently seeing. the rick we are currently seeing is the rickest rick, he's a rogue rick, cares ab his grandchildren. but he's still fucking crazy and toxic as any of the many ricks. the rick from now, and the rick from the beginning, are literally not the same person because they are from two different dimension. it's just a different version of rick.. he hasn't actually changed. I think the creators are just showing us a lot more about rick as they continue to develop his character, but it is not about rick changing and become a caring guy c'mon, cliche much ??? It's about toxic relationships and nihilism and rick's truth be exposed. pay attention the the details read between the lines and you see this so easy. the writers are smart as fuck and they gotta be doing acid o some shit lol
I fucking hate the rick and morty fanbase this video is shit itsjust explaining the obvious people eat this shit up
So far season 3 has been a major disappointment except the Evil Morty episode, but other than that the whole thing has been a train wreck. It only made me hate Rick's family even more and more and rick himself too. How fucked up a family can be? S1 and S2 showed togetherness and family bonds, but not this season. It only showed that every family member is one giant arsehole to each other. Beth have daddy issues, Summer has typical teenage issues, Morty has become cold hearted and Rick is the most changed person out of all. I have lost the count as for how many times he has basically left his family members to die or rot for his own selfishness.
Technically, unity is just a disease. It is kinda genderless.
In the Vindicators episode, sober Rick is the one to point out the possibility that drunk Rick was doing these things because he cares about Morty. I get all emotional when I'm drunk. So he's acknowledging and admitting, even if drunk Rick  doesn't think that way, it doesn't mean he doesn't care as a whole. In fact, I think it means MORE that he admits it while sober. Rest and Ricklaxation was a pretty huge development as well, in my opinion. Pretty blatant, don't you think? The most recent episode shows a lot of caring as well, holding Morty when he is distressed, and removing painful memories to comfort him when, if you think about it, he didn't have to. (Of course, in some cases he also did it to be selfish, but that's another discussion entirely. I may make a video about it, who knows?)\nMy point is, I think season 3 is establishing that his uncaring wall is breaking down. The up and down wave is still going on, but that doesn't mean the wave isn't changing course. I hope Rick can find contentment in the end. I think we all do. It's probably going to be a really long development stretching over the whole series.
No he didn’t
Theirs only been like 30 episodes and each one picks off exactly the next day where the previous left off. Thats about a month, so how can anyone say they even know rick to begin with.
I wouldn't call this a change. I honestly believe that Rick has always been fluctuating between caring/loving his family and his nihilistic worldview. It's just that we, as an audience, are beginning to see some of these fluctuations.
I feel like Rick is becoming good as much as Morty is becoming bad
good video
Wabba lubba dub dub!
Niggers
Yes character development exists
And
Rick is a Tsundere???
rick is a tsundere
*WUBBA WUBBA DUB DUB*
Morty swears much more
The smartest stupid show.
WUBBALUBBADUBDUB
Has Rick Changed? Yes. Hotel? Trivago.
wubba lubba dub dub for life
Ooo jeez, this show is terrible.
Yes, character development exists.
5:54 how Did you find morty swearing?! :O
O Shiiiiit Rick gives a Shit
Is rick a sociopath?
…………………./´¯/)\n………………..,/¯../\n………………./…./\n…………./´¯/’…’/´¯¯`·¸\n………./’/…/…./……./¨¯\\n……..(‘(…´…´…. ¯~/’…’)\n………\……………..’…../\n……….”…\………. _.·´\n…………\…………..(\n…………..\………….\
Xavier Renegade Angel could answer this
1000th commentttt
hoooo eeeeeeeee, yeh good video, hoooooooooo eeeeeeeeee.
You’ve changed man
Very well done video
Bipolar...?
1,000 comment 🔥
He was not taking about nopnob he was talking about Morty he was jest so drunk he wosint think straight
I hate it when people write a comment, get likes then edit it. Just leave it\nEdit: one like!!
wtf has it got to do with Richard Madeley or anybody else for that matter?
Who? Why is this important?
they're two adults forming a relashionship, nobody on this earth has the right to say anything.
Anybody would attack if you've being locked up for that amount of time , when he should be out , an what's he going to say when he see luton , fuck me were you dropped me off ? Paki fucking stan , all I want is a apple pie not a bloody curry an loads of fucking sex cases
Richard Madeley is a stuttering gibberish bell end and what’s more the cock twat got his facts wrong lol numpty
Coming from this guy \n Hes a shoplifter
Piers Morgan number 2.. What a prick!!!
Id love his porn tash around the base of my meaty length.
What happened to Lorraine Etherington who was engaged to Bronson a couple of years back?
Has there been a helium leak.........pssssssssss
He’s never getting out of jail and she’s just a fame whore
Think Richards been taking tips off Piers Morgan lol
Why are all these 2k views videos in the trending tab all of a sudden? How is this #27 in trending?
fiance? hes been inside for 30 years.. so she got with him outta clout? women are weirdos hahahaha
Fiancee lol ok. He's never getting out, pointless.
Richard is a complete dick.
Tony bhlair is a bigger criminal than this guy....
When did Richard become such a gobby, shitty presenter? Maybe I was just too young & naive in my childhood to fully be aware of how he presented This Morning with Judy, but I don’t ever recall him having this much of a cocky arrogance about him.\nHe’s not asking questions from the public, he’s projecting his own opinions onto her & using that as an excuse, that’s poor journalism & completely unprofessional. \n\nNo one has the right to tell her who she can & can’t love.It’s not about acceptability, no one has to accept it, it’s their lives, & they have the freedom to do whatever they choose to with their emotions & feelings.
Charles Bronson is a fucking scumbag, let the cunt rot in jail. This dopey bitch gets all wet over violent men!? Send her to the Jihadis. ANd to all you pathetic dimwits who idolise this cretin; EAT MY SHIT!
Richard should stick to shop lifting wine from Tesco. Always thought he was a shitty presenter, I wonder how is alcoholic wife is doing?
They invite this women to come on their show for an interview and general talk about her relationship.  Why is the host not being a host and starting arguments. His opinion should be neutral no matter what his personal views. \n\nThis is just pathetic and I feel sorry that women had to go through that interrogation. \n\nHe is a full on posh beta cuck that says anything to please the majority.
I seriously had a very difficult time uploading this. I don't like to put anything in my videos that might bring your mood down so please forgive me. I just need to start opening up a little more for you guys so you can understand some of the things that are taking away from the vlogs. Thank you so much for being here either way. I love you so much. See you Tomorrow. :)
Keep your head up Roman. I will always  watch you vlogs forever!!!
i will never leave roman
Roman, there is nothing wrong with venting. It's good for you, it makes you human and it makes your videos all the more real. Vent away bro, we're here for you.
Don't worry at all! We love your vlogs no matter what! 🙂😁
What do you mean 'WE' need to talk, I don't need to talk to you, u just want views and Money!
I love the Atwood Smith family so much
I live inChicago
Awesome Vid + Sad Vid
*OMFG* Sorry did not mean that -F- ;)
Roman U R supported!
I watch everything
I am subscribe
Vent away
Unsubbed!
Mong
Smile more buddy!
Chicago City!!!! WOAHHHHH!!
take ur time roman
❤️❤️
i  love  Chicago   xoxooxoxox
Fuck off
sub to me
Roman u r the best Youtuber u keep doing what your doing keep up the good work
I feel so sorry for you multi millionaire Roman Atwood while i sit in my one bedroom house with no heating.............
Dude I took a pic with you at Gordianos in Chicago that was lit!!!!!!
❤❤❤
Twat
Just listen to nf
I miss Zeus
Weee loveeee youuuu
i feel you
It makes me sad to know ppl get upset that you leave you family. You're doing big things and ppl definitely need to remember that. Me and my boys watch your videos almost every school night just before bed. They look up to you and rightfully so. I admire your dedication to your family and respect your Drive. You need to do what you are happy with. If it's your project put whatever the fluff you want in it lol. As for the vlogs we would all miss you if you took a break but if that'll help just know your supporters will be here whenever you'd return. Your doing wonderful things for so many ppl so just remember that. Your human and sometimes you just have to step back and asses things, figure things out. Chat with Brit & the boys about how to make it better and easier on all of you. At the end of the day you'll always have fans that support you and your family is always there. So just take a minute to think about what's the best option right now and go from there. Sending lots of love from our family straight to yours. Xoxo \nCheers
OMG I did not see this vid straight away and I missed my opportunity to see Roman Atwood!! WHYYYY!!! 😢😢🔫🔫
I will never leave you
Everyone has to vent we support you!
Sorry mate I dont understand why and what....
I love you man, I appreciate you so much. I appreciate you being real with us. I will never judge you, keep doing you! Smile more!
You seriously are such a cunt
IM BACK!!! What I miss? ( I left when baby came) OH!!! There's a cat!!!!
so proud of you keep up the good work you are where you are because of your hard work love you sooooo much but please rest .
Yh my dad just went up to india for 4 months
It's all good roman! You are staying strong and handling that situation way better than I would've. Keep doing the amazing things you do and remember, through thick and thin, smile more :)
We love you and your family Roman 💞❤️
Do I know you?
We love you Roman and your fam you do your best and that's all that matters
Stop being a pussy. You're living my dream life roman... count your blessings.
No need to apologize we understand.. we still love yall:)
Your the best roman
Roman my brother has canncer so plz pin this for him come on guys like it plz
Aren't you the guys who pretended to have a miscarriage.......people still watch you after that?
Haters gona hate
Roman you have made me laugh and got me through tough time and I'm sure you did with thousands of other people. It's time for you to just relax and don't worry. Smile more
I feel the way u think man
Worry not my friend. We all love you guys. It's good to have a vent vid every now and again, shows that no ones lives are perfect and everyone has their own stresses and challenges. What matters in the end is that you get through it and what you make of it.
I don't understand why everyone is hating on Roman. Give him a break. Alot of stress can really mess with you. Yeah people have bigger problems but it's hard. He doesn't want millions of people mad at him for not uploading like usual. Cut it out. I hope Roman understands that his real fans don't care about how long the vlogs are. I know I don't. Stay strong Roman ❤️❤️
Roman the main reason why your views are dropping is because school has started and we don't have the time that we did in the summer trust me you are doing a great job multitasking with the big project
Is this going to be your movie
What's happening to Roman's views?
A slight increase in pressure and you are stressed, tired and whining to us. Do your job. Get dancing monkey!
Hey Roman - all of us are sending you big hugs and sharing our strength with you.  Stay positive and smile
You and your family Change my life everyday im glad you did this vlog your REAL life its awesome you share
Roman if you need to take a break from the vlogs so you won’t be so stressed and so you can sleep then go ahead. I’m not just a fan, I’m a caring fan and I love you. There will not be anything that you post that I don’t watch. You’re amazing!
Oh my god, why are so many people being dicks for no reason, if you don't like his work, don't watch him, it's that simple.
Love your vlogs and do what you have to do. Smile more 😝😜😛
I love you roman and your doing an amazing job keep it up !! 🙌🏽💯
I watch every video to the end
We still love you!! its life and you do what you have to do!  Love you all
}{{}
Stop manipulating your audience.
Subscribe to me and I will subscribe back GUARANTEED within 24 hours ! ! ! SUB 4 SUB everyone ! ! !
show us the ups and downs because that's called life
I love you so much Roman it's not embarrassing its awesome that you come on here and show emotions that you have I love ya!
This dude makes me hate hats....he's completely shattered that backwards snapback look.
Realizing in this vlog that country is just as adventurous as Roman lmao . You guys are made for each other
Don't be embarrassed.  You should not be ashamed of anything. you are doing the best you can.   We are here to support at least the true fans are.
Roman is my hero
It's ok Roman. I haven't notice anything bad until you said this. A lot of youtubers skip days all of the time and make little 5 minute videos, but wow, you post almost every day and make long 17-18, more or less, minute videos and it's crazy! Don't feel bad! Real Roman soldiers and great people will understand. It's not that big of a deal! You are awesome Roman! Thanks
Like you say Roman, it can always be worse.
It's ironic how his motto is Smile More with all the positivity yet he's always the one complaining about something... man up and keep moving forward
Please you tube don't send me this stuff or anything from trending.so family life is trendy now?wtf.
I think I speak for most of your viewers when I say. You are human Roman! We will be here! Take care of yourself bro.
I heard he’s deleting his channel at the end of 2017 roman is this true?
We are here for you Roman
You are such an amazing person and your family is so precious in good times and not so good days we are here for you👍
It is ok we are all here for you we love you and your family
we all love you Roman x
Thank you for your videos your cool dude... Keep them coming
Roman, if it makes you feel any better I think that if you don`t have traveling on your channel then it would always be the same. It`s nice to mix things up a bit and have different content. I know it might be difficult to leave your family but you gotta do what you gotta do. :) p.s if you are reading this (I doubt it) I love you so much and you are a huge inspiration to me!
It's okay roman we understand where your coming from
What is wrong with all of you people in the comments!! Holy crap! Give the guy a break! You and your family are so inspiring roman, keep it up and ignore all these freaking immature kids!
Share everything. If this is really a daily vlog for you then share the good and the bad. That is what I do on my vlog. If ppl love you yhey have to love the whole package and having tough days goes with it. So please don't appologize for being who you are. WORK HARD DREAM BIG Roman. Greetings fron the Huber's Ranch in Switzerland
We are all human. Negative things happen to us all. We can't avoid them. Glad you opened up and shared this with us. Full support!
Sending Prayers for you, love you & your family!!! You can get through this, SMILE MORE. 💙💜💚❤️💛
You will be in my prayers! Also, I caught that pee corner Office reference! That makes me like you thaaaat much more! Keep your chin up!
We will always support you
I'm always going to be here on this channel no matter what Roman.
Wow people are super mean! I've been watching you with my kid I thank you for putting good videos online and not crap! Do you take time off and don't worry about people who hate, they just have nothing better to do the judge others online. Don't watch if you don't like it! I thank you for what you do and you and your family are beautiful!
No matter what, you are amazing and your true Roman soldiers are always here to support you.
Do what’s best for you, Roman. Focus on YOUR project and worry about the channel later
MAMA
Album dropping real soon for the past 4 months
Come on frankenstein looking ass nigga
I can't wait for astroworld, culture2 and quavo+travis scott album
I wonder how they chemistry like when they jus chillin
Quavo can't roast saying um every other word😭😭
“not universal” yeah you knew quick
Takeoff my favorite Migo 🔥
Joe Buddens really turned these niggas around and made them talk more and give better interviews lmaoooooo
3:13 Quavo just described himself
Am I high or are they?
offset see i like it because they was hitting fuckin classic 😂😂
Is no one going comment on Takeoffs heart sunglasses ?
4:45 when Quavo said he gonna knock off his label haahahahahahaha
It comes on funny
Lmao its rare to see a Migos interview where they ain't adlibbing the whole time
Damn wish Migos and Chris brown got along again 😎💯.
Damn I've worked as security a security guard, baker/dishwasher at Red Lobster, Dishwasher at 54th street, Dishwasher at Olive Garden but Im striving to do music full time.
That cartoon intro is class 👌🏻
I’m dying this Nigga takeoff said “real-ality”
Does anyone know what glasses Takeoff is wearing? They're sexy asf
Only trend they started was that dumb dab shit as far as their melody and flow goes , BONE THUGS N HARMONY created that sound not Migos 🙄🙄🙄
how tf u aint watch dbz and u in your mid to late 20s
what? you can tell quavo was inspired by travis w the flow on some songs w culture
Offset is the only nigga who aint high asf ry here😂😂
Migos>Me>Banana
Low key the best Migos interview
Damn Offset hungry. He is eating his dreads at 2:04 !
Reading is lit, though. Gotta read.
travy and quavo needa stop playing and drop the album already
First interview were takeoff says more than 2 words! Proud!
Takeoff- by 86 I'll be with 86 Chicks nigga 🔥🔥🤙
How is this channel so underrated
At the age of 86 imma have 86 chicks🤣
Takeoff kinda sounds different on here or maybe it's just me
If you like discovering new artist check my page @ www.soundcloud.com/canarycolors
The heart shaped glasses are the only ones TakeOff rocks now
Do I look like i'm left off Bad & Boujee?
Bitch I'm a dog , Give my treat
I respect Migos mad heavy! Thank you Montreality for the good question
I see lots of ice in this interview yet I got no Jewels or Gems from it..
Might it occur to yourself I mustn't be forgotten from bæd and bóugé
Quavo is actually a clever guy
Keep a tight circle and set multiple goals, goddam those are some wise words 👆🙏
I’ve been listening to Migos since bando, after that everything they put out became 🔥
This channel is slept on
Offset the lit one\nQuavo the chilled one\nTakeoff the lowkey one
OFFSET DAT NIGGA!
takeoff always so awkward in interviews lmao
they cocky asf now
false accsisiusation 💀💀💀
2:09 Take Off: False Ackausation
The Beginning LMAOO
💯💯💯
mr freeza
1:50 offset lookin at takeoff tf u talkin bout nigga
FRIEZA ON MY WRIST\nFRIEZA ON MY NECK\nFRIEZA FRIEZA FRIEZA
Culture 2
Migos interviews all🚮
Wtf are these heart shades man😂
They sound dumb as fuck
LIT!🔥🙏🏼
Who listens to this shit?
Frankenstein lookin ass nigga
Doitlooklikeiwasleftofbadandbouje
?
Glaciality, naw I'm sayin? Iceality, Montreality. All types of shit ❄️⌚💸💣
DBZ be that shit tho, offset hipp 💯
Brah takeoff a natural comidan these niggahz still retarded tho. Still funny kunts more winz gang
Frankenstein looking ass nigga 😂😂 Quavo
MONTREAL stand up!!!
take them glasses dat way lol
Yea I never smoke no dope . DOPE WAY .
 A nigga wasnt reading 
Culture way
Quavo sound geeked
MORE RAPPERS SOUND LIKE CHIEF KEEF THAN THESE NIGGAS IM JUST BEING HONEST !
Great
Takeoff Just Be Chilling😂😂
Wtf did I just watch
2:30 tf is wrong wit take ?😂😂😂😂😂😂
Liittttttt
Their best interview
❤️⛽️👿 #MIGOS 🔥🤘🏽💯
quavo
ILOVETHEINTROTRACL
I wonder if takeoff is going to be left off again?
the 3 stooges...This is how bad music has become folks...look no futher than these clowns
The South ruined hip-hop.
These guys say a whole lot of not much.
i'm sorry, someone is biting their style? have they ever seen how andre 3000 dress, prince? man gtfoh.\nthey sound like tpain when he said he started auto tune....NIGGA PLEASE, ROGER TROUTMAN started auto tunes. they're out of touch with reality.
They all sound like the same faggy swag rappers out there I don't know what they're talking about. And only hard core pop artists sound like them.
Great interview
They not lying
Its funny how they said they created a new wave when chief keef started this whole new wave
COOKIE!
Migos are shit
We changed hip hop errrrm no dickhead, you ruined it fuckin autotune faggots
Migos stole rich the kidd whole style>> The biting way u aint staRT shit >>>
*doitlooklikeimleftoffbadandboujee?*
6:14:07 he talks how EA killed Shift guys!
This Q&A is the best one ive ever heard so far, made me understood WMD and SMS decisions overall, with that philosophy, im backing them all the way and as a bonus...I now hate EA for ethical reason instead of their bad games lol
EA = Evil Assholes ? LOL 😉
That. Was. Fucking. Awesome.
Legendary interview
Time-stamps:\n1:20:00 - Ian Bell joins the Live Chat (On the right Hand Side)\n2:03:20 - Ian Bell joins the Discord Chat (Audio Q/A)\nI wanted to clarify the basis of the interview as I've been asked by a handful of people. There was no prior arrangement made for Ian to come into the stream, it was completely off the cuff which is the surreal part of all of this. I was simply Live Streaming Project Cars 2 and Ian Bell popped up into the live feed chat. I invited Ian to come into Discord which he was an absolute pleasure to have on. \n\nIan was a completely open book - He spoke in great detail about prior business dealing that went awry with EA, growing up in Belfast with his Mum, dating tips for single guys, foreseeable updates for Project Cars 2 and other tidbits! he even strummed his guitar. What's the most amazing part is that he never once ignored any questions that anyone asked for the entire 5 hours he was on mic; respect!\n\nThanks again Ian Bell! It was absolute madness to have you come on the stream to talk to the peeps! :)
This is amazing. Q&A sold me on the game, thanks Ian and Ozzie.
Aww man, wish I'd been around for this! Great to see Ian doing what he does best (stream/chat/forum bombing), always fun to watch the bossman doing his thing, and great job Ozzie for keeping up with him!
EA is absolutely disgusting
Best stream interview ever. I have supported Project Cars from day 1. Mr Bell sounds like a great man. If more people heard this, I am sure sales would increase massively. I play all the racing games, I play on PC, XBoxone and PS4. Project Cars 2 is the best racing game by far.
This is the best interview ever!!!
Thanks Ozzie for this really fascinating stream. And of course thank you Mr.Bell for the EPIC Q/A session!!!
Pure Class .
Wait the360-PS3  shift game? was need for speed all ways part of EA?
inb4 EA gets voted worst company in America again.
This CEO is cool as hell.\nAlso obligatory #FuckEA
Lmao We had one guy that left to join Pixar, hell I would've left to join PIxar. This CEO is a savage, EA is getting exposed.
Wonder how EA will react to this.
Yes he is right, EA is soulless monster...but everybody know that, do they?
well, you deal with one the worst companis ever, VERY know to kill franchises and studios....what were you expecting????
6:15:35 wwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhwwwwwwww - sincerity 100%\n\nso the guy is finally breaking the protocols while throwing a bomb at EA, and this fella was driving? hell yeah, bring me wayne´s world handsome Dan scene.
So, a thing Ian clarified, he's really not happy about the opinion of other people hahahaha. Is very subjective the realism feel. It can be awesome, but for some people is just not good enough or just it doesn't feel right, what are you going to do? Kill them? My goodness.\nHe's really arrogant, maybe they have the most advanced physics in the market, but the difference is in how you say things. Plenty of other games had and have racing drivers helping them, but they're not telling, we're elite, we are better than you, if you can't see that you're an idiot. That's precisely why I can't hear him for too long. And even with aaaaaaaall of that, I and many others can't stand playing PCars.
Looks like EA secured 'Worst company of the Year' AGAIN with this.\nCongratulations! /slowclap
with my realism glasses on :   ian probably burned soo many bridges with the first project , that going on random streams is his only option for an interview.\n\nhowever , pre- ordered and cant wait to try it out  in a few hours from now.
If you enjoyed the live stream please show your support by leaving a like on the video :) This will assist in more opportunities in the future if it's looked in great favour!\n\nP.s. Ian Bell is the man!
Bell actually comes across decent here tbh. Weird as he always comes across an idiot when reading posts from him over the years but shows how different a person actually is with voice. He seems genuine with passion and i like the way he's says it how it is. Waiting for somebody like Empty Box to give some thoughts before buying as I didn't like PCARS. But still he gained a bit of respect from me here either way.
Legend. I throw something hard and spikey at the person that tries to use anything said in this stream against Ian Bell. Open candid chat like this is becoming rarer and rarer and we all lose more to over bearing political correctness than we take damage from edgy chat. More humanity 4tw!
I like this video but the chase cam + the wheel = ridiculous... :/
it's not even humanly possible to read 150-200 books a year with a schedule like his.
That was excellent, Ian is a legend.
Holy shit that got cringey at times but that was so cool.
Oh and Ozzie, all the cars have multiple pre-saved setups on them (from launch on the PC and in a later update on consoles due to differences in how long it takes for patches to process on different platforms), on most cars you'll find a Stable and a Loose setup, on road cars you'll find an additional OEM setup that's supposed to be more like what the road condition car is (which might not be track friendly). If you find yourself struggling at first on the Loose setups (which is the default when using a wheel) go ahead and switch to the Stable ones, the brake balances and many other things are designed to be more resistant to things like sudden inputs etc. In the future if there's enough desire we might include stuff like pre-made low and high drag setups etc.\n\nOf course going over a crest while braking and turning is still going to be a though thing to handle no matter what the setup. =)
Stream of the year!
Fuck EA.
Fascinating stuff!
On the Rallycross I'm trying to turn on practice side, the problem is that those tracks don't really have pit areas in the traditional way in real life, so on a lot of them we couldn't really enable practice sessions. You can of course use them in private practice, but having a practice session before a race isn't possible due to you having no place to take the car outside the track.
i was there and he answered my question thank you so much mr Ian for the awesome time you spent with us and im pre loading PC2 now
Whos this dude? Interested in him
I love how the puddle stayed there for a freaking long time (Around 3:40:00). This was one of the  (minor)  gripes I had with PCars weather system, while it looked great, the transitions were little to fast, and the track changed from full wet to dry in 2-3 laps. I havent even consider buying this game outside of a sale, but now, after watching several streams and listening to this, down to the earth, honest, interview, I preordered. So yeah, Ian, you made a customer by jumping drunk and sleep deprived into a random stream :)
Really loved this, great conversation both ways. Ian Bell really impressed me and I'm so glad even though I'm skint at the moment I saved enough to buy the deluxe edition on steam, and can support both this and future PCars.  Thanks for sharing both.
And here I am finished listening to the whole ~6hours of Q&A while trying to work. It surprisingly worked out fine. Entertaining AF. Especially Ians laughter.
Hey man, it might be beneficial for you to put a time stamp down in the description that lets people skip to where Ian joins you on Discord!
First time here. Congratulations. Awesome interview indeed. The fact the CEO of SMS chose to come on live and open up about a range of topics speaks volumes about you and your channel. I've hit subscribe and look forward to seeing the channel develop and grow. Thank you
sounds like Ian isn't telling all the truth
more bad things to add onto the pile of how bad ea is.
Isn't EA heavily associated with Microsoft? Makes sense then.
Hang on a minute... EA gave him 1.5 million... he blew that money then EA cancelled a game.. I am not really sure what they did wrong. I mean they cancelled a game.. that is it. Ian Bell sounds like a bit of cunt as well.. I mean I understand he is angry but he took the money told them they had access to the tech and then he scammed EA..
Got a link to the entire thing? This link starts halfway through.
That moment when you decide to boycott all EA games after they destroyed your beloved Mass Effect Series with Andromeda. I heard IAN in this video and I believe EA has done this to him. So I just bought Project Cars 2 for 80 euros and my machine will barely run it. I support the companies that deserve it such as Slightly Mad Studios and CDPR!\n\nPS: I work 12 hours a day and do not have to game anymore. You can imagine I did not need project cars 2 at all!
Great interview.. But, Ian, you've pissed off a lot of Scotsmen and probably your host with the rambling statement regarding the kilt. Perhaps you should read about the Dress Act 1746 mate -\nThat from and after the first day of August, One thousand, seven hundred and forty-six, no man or boy within that part of Britain called Scotland, other than such as shall be employed as Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Forces, shall, on any pretext whatever, wear or put on the clothes commonly called Highland clothes (that is to say) the Plaid, Philabeg, or little Kilt, Trowse, Shoulder-belts, or any part whatever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland Garb; and that no tartan or party-coloured plaid of stuff shall be used for Great Coats or upper coats, and if any such person shall presume after the said first day of August, to wear or put on the aforesaid garment or any part of them, every such person so offending ... For the first offence,shall be liable to be imprisoned for 6 months, and on the second offence, to be transported to any of His Majesty's plantations beyond the seas, there to remain for the space of seven years. \nThe English government have tried to destroy our identity and culture for a very long time,  Saor Alba.
I am Bell is the biggest asshole in gaming. His company asked THOUSANDS if people to crowd fund his game, and then went out and got a publisher. He pocketed all of that crowd source money. He's a thief and a liar. Fucking asshole.
He gave away a few things he shouldn't have, he will be in trouble for some of the things he said for sure.
And when we get pCARS 3?!
Project cars has really shifted gears.
where is the money from wiiu version of project  cars ?
Ian Bell... Could you lie anymore?  Is such a thing even possible and at this point how can anyone besides the shills believe you?  You buy websites off to end negative coverage, surely you do it on YouTube as well.\n\nWould be very funny if EA sued you.  Oh God...the bells would ring, no pun intended.
Which keyboard is Austin using with the Mac mini?
Your voice is so FUCKING annoying!
HEY EVERYONE, PLEASE I NEED YOUR HELP!\n Basically, i was told by my family that i would get a new 8 core processor if i got 100 subs. So please, if you can, subscribe. Everyone helps alot. Thanks! <3\n\n(i know i posted this on another Austin video, but i really need that component ;-;)
They make sleek looking HTPCs, I use the base i3 model for that but it can chug with anything more than Plex running. Which means going for the i5 8GB RAM + version by which point I would say save money and get something else.
please stop talking like that
How come he sounds like runs out of battery after every sentence
Why does Austin exist in 2017?
Did anyone else see logic in the back
Stop Dancing in the Videos man !!!!
Does he have to talk like that? Super annoying.
Im using a mac mini.......
Stop editing out your breaths its extremely off putting not to mention unnecessary
Why does Apple still exist in 2017?
Eww a mac
Omfg the 'fewer ports ' joke ...why dude so cringe
File pale before convinced handle feed billion revenue love.
love your new outro austin! good work!
I remember when I had one...
Why would you want a Mac mini in the first place?
We use one of these in our office. We are software devs and we use it to build and debug the iOS version of our crossplatform app. We don't need sheer speed for that, only that it runs OSX and will finish compiling C++ at some point (never normally more than 30 mins)
So why does an out dated pc cost 500?
Mac mini’s are apples line of servers. That’s why they still exist since apple discontinued Xserve in 2013.
We got a top of the range Mac mini and it's THE WORST!!!
Why does life exist in 2017?
Why does the Middle East exist?
My 2012 Mac mini is still smooth even when editing 4K video. It is actually faster than my custom PC with a quad-core i7 and a GTX 1080 (proof on my channel). \n\nI think Apple should refresh the Mac mini with internals of the new 2017 MacBook Pros + some Thunderbolt 3 ports. That would make it really popular for prosumers and amateur content creators looking to try out macOS. Groups of potential customers Apple seems to be ignoring.
Lol I'm watching this video on a Mac mini
I still use a 2014
I still use these in my photo shop class at school.
Watching this on my 2009 Mac Mini lol
slap in 16gb of ram and a SSD usb3 drive ... works fine (late 2012 model)
Why does Austin Evans exist on 2017?
But... who is going to catch me in the next one now? :|
The $500 Mac Mini comes with a 1.4 Ghz Dual Core i5. The 2.6 Ghz i5 you listed is for the $700 model.
Why does this channel still exist in 2017?
Short answer:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCause apple is brain dead
Lol you can upgrade ram wtf is this fag on about?????
$500, gosh I only paid $79.99 for my 2014 iMac
I would get one if it’s specs were upgraded.
A Mac Mini?\nMust be a tiny burger from McDonalds then.
Its a marketing strategy, if they pull the product from the market, investors will say its a failure, so they just ignore it and never update it.
Bro i have a mac mini soo....✌
Why aren't they using  an m2 drive  insdie Laptops?
Hey Austin if you make A dsi Worth it video I'll sub and share this video to my friends
There's this thing called eBay, it's a magical website that you can find used stuff on like shitty macs. Don't spend $500 on a brand new turd, just buy a pre-owned one. Or just don't buy a turd at all.
Y does the fitbit exist in 2017?? There are a lot more smart bands which are more accurate and wayy cheaper
Apple sucks big time, they removed the easy memory upgrade options, and stopped release updated hardware versions. They stopped selling the 16gb versions in some countries. Probably, Apple wants to kill most affordable Mac, they have!!
Why does he sound like a higher pitched version of Troy McLure from the Simpsons. He emphasised that start of all his words and then falls off on the end. Should be doing tele shopping channels or something
Can you people get me to 100 subscribers
I still use Mac mini today. It is slow but I don't play fast games and I only need it to rec ROBLOX which isn't that heavy! I never lag and I always use the 2005 version. This tells us a lot about how good steve jobs was.
Because it's easier to put a Mini where the sun does not shine, than a iMac.
I actually really doubt it's for consumers. It's probably largely still made specifically for developers. We use a dozen mac minis as Jenkins boxes at my job.
Guys voice is so annoying...in the box. Thouuuuu,   In the boooooxxx,   Why does he drop his voice at the end of almost every sentence
i want to see austin evans shirtless
I had to get the $699 Mac mini because I could not afford an iMac or MacBook
where you keep this reviewed items so many omg😇
Some of these shiny millennial channels are unwatchable because of the stupid fast, high pitched voice they put on. He's like a fucking robot that's been programmed to annoy. Sounds like 'What's up guys' la la la la la...
The mini is currently the best (legal) way to host OS X in a datacenter. There are even special rack trays for them.   The Xserve is dead and gone.
Why does Austin Evans exist in 2017?
They exist to be used as a server that's small and low factor enough to be on 24/7 running Mac os server since they got rid of the XServe.
I don't know what's worse. The Mac Mini or your front teeth.
You enunciate at all the wrong times in your sentences. Where were you raised?
Hey guys, this is Austin.
As a fan of you and Vsauce,that ending was super cute <3.
And yet a 3 yr old mac is still infinitely better than most pc trash coming out this year.
His shirt matches the HP Pavilion Wave.
Wow, you don't even get a mouse and keyboard.
I bought 30 of them this summer to mount behind large interactive touch panels. I had to beef up the RAM and order them with SSDs just to make up for the extremely dated internals. I have always loved and used the Minis in different types of structured installs, but they are getting to be harder and harder to recommend. There really isn't any excuse for this either. It would probably take Apple engineers less than a month to sort out even just a Skylake compatible board/chipset and toss a few thunderbolt 3 lanes in there for modern connectivity. \n\nAs it is right now, I can only really use these at 1080p or I see terrible overall system performance. They will push 4k resolutions, but they STRUGGLE. C'mon, Apple!
why does austin evans still exist in 2017?
Cool! I want one!!
Hey Austin I'm a huge fan of yours. I love watching your videos to learn new things. I am very interested in learning about computer software and technology. So your videos are amazing. I'm a junior I'm high school and I am very interested in tech but don't have much money for stuff. Do you have any suggestions?
I highly doubt the iPhone X will even lick the 8,700 mark for multicore. I know they are rumors but come on...
I skipped the latest Mac Mini for the 2012 Mini (since it's easily upgradable). I quadrupled the memory and loaded dual SSDs, it still kicks ass years later. Intel graphics but I don't play games anyway, so I couldn't be happier with this system.
I rlly like the videos,is a good way to pass time.
Hey Guys, this is an Annoy-o-Tron
i have mac mini and upgraded to 8 gb (2x4gb ram). I watch all steaming . as for hard drive, i backup to  external disk .  had it over 4 years, no issues and no stupid kb monthly rollups from microsoft
Lmao if you never had one, then you won't ever know
Without MacInCloud or a similar service or the use of a VM you'll have trouble uploading an app in to the App Store as it's locked down to only allow uploads from Apple Products (officially that is), that's why. I can think of no other reason.
It exists because apple says we need it
I have the mid 2010 model and it still works perfectly fine for me.
Dear every tech reviewer ever, stop comparing Geekbench results between different architectures (ARM/x86), they aren’t comparable.  At least in the way you are interpreting them.
Logic albums
Cool vid
is he autistic
How did this get onto trending?
The 2012 Mac mini is the best one and I have it :)
and yet its still more powerful than my pc :(
Cherdleys in real life
funny in url
It's trash
Because apple fanbois are retarded
vsauce <3
Curiosity box looks legit
omg the way he talks...Mac miniiiiiii  omggggggg I talk like thiiiissss. videooooossss he kinda sounds retarded no shade
Nerd
What is that
Austin Is Awesome
Austin looks like logic
Hai
Why don't you petition for a better one. Rather than moan it's shit! What a waste of time
You're adorably funny
Kylies shirt looks cheap af.
The red lips 😱😍
thank u queen
KHLOÉ AND KOURTNEY NEXT PLLLLZZZX
i like your clothes than kylie
OMG I freaking love you more and more each day. Is it just me or do I love love love your natural eyebrows. Don't fill them in anymore I just fell in love with them they are like legit perfection. And also I have an amazing DIY that I know you might like since your always this over the top fashionista and have your PhD in shoes. The DIY is to recreate in your own version the shoes that Rhianna gave JLo as a gift for her music video Ain't Your Mama. I freaking fell in love with those shoes they are denim over the knee high heel boots with a belt around the waist and they are attached to the belt. If you end up doing this DIY I will freaking love you for life because I've been wanting them but they are a wapping 3 or 4 grand. Thank you so much and I love you so much. #MOM
Your is so much better than Kylie's
Not sure why YOUTUBE l YouTube suggested this to me, but damn she's got really pretty eyes
First video I have ever watched of you and I love you already 😘
Id marry her then divorce her just because
I like the one u made better
I love your videos Amber!! Love you more!! Just wondering do you go on your shopping adventures alone?
You are like a human cartoon.
Girl of you don't slay!! \nI love your look
why is she wearing those jeans?
Pause on 4:53 who else loves when she makes that face?
Even tho u cute u talk sooo much 😴😴🙄🙄🙄
omg ya chia seed pudding is so damn good
Omg...can you say OVERACTING?  Annoying squeaky voice....
omg amber youre so close to 1000000 subs !!!!! im so proud of you omg i remember when you had a small channel!!! youre doing great
Im sorry but that red lip stick doesnt go good on you
God she talks to much shut the fuck upppppp
She is so pretty but she is annoying
You looking so beautiful in this vid and I also watch titanic and again in love Leo 😍
I sub love you doll!💕
Honestyly you made it a lot better than kylie wearing it
In love with the look of the day
You need to have your own shop or clothing line for us!!  Haha
Your looks so much better
I like her version of the shirt more than Kylie's
Hey amber I literally love you SO MUCH.i started to watch you when u barely started YouTube and feel in love with ur style.cant wait for u to reach 1 million 💖💖💖
You're diys tend to be better than the originals lol
I LOVE HER SMILE♥️😍!!
so cute! that dr suess quote at the end!
You look so pretty with red lipsticks! Love watching your video <3 Love you :)
Your almost at one million!
The red looks so good!
AMBER I NEED YOUR DIYS. START YOUR OWN STORE ALREADY! YOU'RE FABULOUS!
Make up on point♡♡♡ Red lip. . Sl♡yed.
Amber looks much better she wore it wayy better slay girl ❤❤❤
OH MY GOSH AMBER U ARE SUCH A CUTIE
Please do a makeup tutorial 😘
Who else was here since she barely had 100k ?? 🙋🙋
you are so talented! I hope one day you are a fashion designer, cause your good at this stuff
I feel like she should be a Disney Princess
Dont wear extensions please and so much big eyelashes it looks tacky
Girl I have found me in another life and it is you ! LOOOOOVE YOUUUU, hope to meet you once for happy hour in LA
its look better than her tshirt👑✔✔✔
You don't only make it for cheap, you make the Kylie version look cheap, you're so talented 😍😍💕
hey amber love your videos! I was just wondering do you wear the DIY clothes you make all the time?
I don't know why I continue to watch your videos, but.. why, do you need to push your hip out when you're standing ALL the time to try get a curve.. looks awful, and you snarl your face up to the side as well. Irritating AF!!
You wore that to the fashion district? Oh lord.. how many people harassed you?
yo my name is amber too
Any new YouTubers want to support each other? 💖💖\nI'll be posting giveaways, couple videos/pranks, ASMR, makeup and hair tutorial & hauls!\nCome SUB ME. I'll sub back 💞😊
Amber you should literally do your own fashion line it would be so beaut and I would definitely buy😍
Omggg make more of these diy's 😩
I love you amber😍💕
The fact that your foundation doesnt match your neck annoys me
How do you wash it 😳 😂
I will love to recreate all her DIYs but I live in Nashville and there are barely cute accesories☹️
Red lipstick is beautiful on you I LOVE IT 😻😻😻❤❤❤
Amber is the type of friend you want when you have emergency prom situation. She literally know anything about clothing.
Amber you should tan your hands as well it will look more even! 😘
Who else thinks Amber's re-creation was a thousand times better than Kylie's actual top ?!? :D
Could also have sewed on snaps so you can still wash the shirt without washing the decoration... :)
Her lashes bomb af on that end note 😭😭
Hey Amber, you're soon going to hit one million subscribers and I just wanted to let you know how proud I am of you. You are so genuine and have been from the start. Love you xo ❤️
How do you get your skin so nice and soft looking ?
Hi Amber I love all your videos ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Yours look better than Kylie's 😘
How is it that I just discovered you and had 3 sleepless nights watching all your videos! You are authentic, beautiful inside out and I love love love your videos😘
Please wear the red lipstick more. U look so good it pops on u. Also I like ur shirt way better than kylies.lol
I thought Kylie Jenner was on the left she is the best dress and clothing maker evrr
Yayyyy i'd op for an Amber D.i.y 💕
Lowkey you should just recreate all the looks from the KARDASHIAN FAMILY ‼️😂
Wanna go to the store!!! Omogosh!!!
Love your clothing hauls and the diy clothes u do❤️
If the top was white it would be perfect (I'm talking about the thumbnail)
I love u so much girl ur such an amazing and posituve person 💜💜 stay happy :p
when a mannequin has more life than u..
why is ur pants slipped at ur ass...lil thot youtuber
3:23 bing bada boom 🤔 blinks stans?
Loving your hair lately 💗
WHAT LASHES ARE HERS???
AMBER IS SLAYING THAT RED LIP
SHES SO HOT AND CUTE AND BEAUTIFUL
LOL THESE R SOO BADDD
You do it bettteerrr
I love it 💓
your lashes are freaken amazing !
Tell me why ambers looks better
PLS MAKE THIS. https://cdn1.thehunt.com/app/public/system/zine_images/9517975/original/13a7b75b5c48f90eedc19bd8db1a0fd7.jpeg
You're amazing !!!! 👑
Ur shirt looks better than hers 🙂
OH no no no honey 💀
Love it
New subscriber!♥️
HELLO BEAUTIFUL QUEEN
#welovebenjamin
So fake it's funny.
How did a burning bucket manage to injure 18 people and spew a fireball through carriages if it couldn't make it past a plastic bucket confused...?
Wake up people your government are terrorising YOU. Staged event.
The religion of Stone Age, pedophile worshipping, war mongering, women oppressing filth taking responsibility again
In Russia you attack the terrorists
We've gone from flying planes into the Pentagon to a bucket full of fairy lights in a Lidl bag. We just don't have the budget the big American blockbusters have.
The Muslims are at it again!
what a terrible dumb person to do this,  childish behaviour and all those injuries to people, I saw a couple lad with guys jeans split and loads more with shoes missing,  the initial blast must have been fierce , they all deserve 6 months test and up to 7k in compensation claims
FALSE FLAG!   hey London slow down, theses aren't even fooling kids anymore!
Well; one things for certain. Lidl bucket sales are going to plummet. You'd better warn anyone who doesn't follow the news not to buy one and take it home using the underground otherwise they are liable to get shot by the Anti-terror squad.
Ok so a bomb goes off on the tube, what do you do? You film the flaming leftovers, not knowing how dangerous it still is.
Let me guess, the lidl bag had mental problems, and suffered from islamaphobia, the bag will be given counselling and a £5000 payout, sadik khan will hail the bag as a hero
at 0.8 the women must be a member of mensa .or Steve harking teacher ..
*LATEST NEWS 📰 CELEBRITY GOSSIP 🗣 AND MEDIA HYPE 📺EVERYDAY!*\n\n*LIKE, COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE FOR BRAND NEW TRENDING CONTENT ON MY CHANNEL DAILY! 📢*
I believe Air is water to fish
HaHaHAHAHAHAHhH only in Britain would they be afraid of a bag on a train that was set on fire HAHAHA NewYork has trains with trash cans on fire every day 😂😂
Let's just go and look at it why don't we....
I wonder if Islamic State took responsibilty for this as it was a complete failiure. Knowing them idiots they probably did.
What kind of idiot gets closer to the still flaming bomb, for a better look.
also known as a bucket, on fire.
is it because of the explosion?
, trojan horse you take in teenagers for abroad cloves  them feed them house them and they try to blow up a train full of people
how can 27 people get injured but no damage to the train looks like the bag got burnt with the bomb in
Zero bomb damage on train...
bucket on fire? godda be a damn bomb made by isis
Why would a woman leave her most important possesion her hand bag
They all have to go back where they came from.
EVERYTIME JUST DROP THE SAME BOMB ON MECCA !!
Some people in the comments are unbelievably stupid. \n\nIt was a fireball, enough to singe light clothing, hair and burn skin, it was hardly napalm. You need to create a long lasting fire to have any damage to the train interior.
let in a couple hundred thousand more Refugees pretty soon you guys are going to become the Refugees.
oh that bags on fire ?  lets move in closer to get a better look could be a bomb.
I am new so who will subscribe me and give likes on my video I will subscribe him/her return
A gift from the religion of peace
Device~ pile of trash you mean
and i was wondering why the delay
Oh look, it's a bomb!  Let's go take a selfie with it!
It seem like my lidl bag done suicide.\nYou lived a great life...
Burning device mATE THAT'S A BLOODY BOMB!
The British are gas burning lidi bag on tube (turns terror level to critical)
Im really confused guys, please someone explain whats going on
Wow why do people bring the note 7 on the tube ffs
Oh look, something has exploded.... lets stand and watch it for a bit......
Oh no! the note 7 strikes again!
1 minute silence \nAs we stare at a bag
Oh god the note strikes again
That's the bomb apparently...
At which point did Mr 'Crowley' burn all his hair off.......
Guys I'm doing a legit give away on my channel all you need to do is follow me on sc joe_moakes\nSubscribe \nIt is a iPhone 6s and I pad mini 2
I'm going to guess the ethnicity of the bomber?\n\nChinese? No\n\nOkay then.....Canadian? No.\n\nBritish-white. I mean hell that is the majority of people in the country? No.\n\nHow about Irish? They do have history. No, no the man wasn't Irish?\n\n\nJewish, I bet the bomber was Jewish!!! No, no the bomber wasn't Jewish.\n\n\nHe was a Muslim? Jesus I would have never guessed that. That is so out of character.
Is this the bomb that injured 20 people?
Hey can you lot subscribe and turn on notifications for me and if you do I'll subscribe to you and watch all you videos
This was a set up by the government
Can everyone subscribed to me please I do gaming videos
Media: this terrorist attack has links with Isis \nIsis: someone say terrorist attack?... yeah it was is
Bloody Muslims up to no good again
Its a lidl bag not a device....
Is that a Galaxy Note 7?
MrShrimpton said it was der Germans.???
The woman who is pointing at the bucket, why is her back splattered with  the milky substance that the bucket supposedly contains and why is she carry a very familiar looking flag with stars, in her hand, was she supposed to be a crisis actor victim and then given another role?
Who is filming this and why .
Divide and conquer.  Conquer then divide some more. Thanks evil govts!
How can a bomb injure 20 people but not even damage the train carriage or even the plastic bag that surrounded it?
Pray for the 22 injured... 1 like = 1 prayer
I see the bucket was unharmed, and it's surrounding area ...
I guess someone didn't listen to the reviews on the Note 7, smh
Yeah just stand in front and gather around a bomb.
It could be a dildo vibrator that's overheating. That's my surmise.
Such a fake terror event - see Ole Dammegard's work.  This bomb that put so many people in hospital, didn't even throw smut or soot on the adjacent walls, windows or fabric seats of the tube train.  So it can't have exploded or sent fireballs down the train.  It's a shame people got trampled, but this is such a bad hoax.
BREAKING NEWS!!  the bag was completely incinerated, however, the attackers passport managed to be blown to the other side of the cabin from the explosion.... this is the news; we don't lie to you....
What a waste of 10p.
Why is this 1 on trending?
Do you think there was a joker who clicked the assistance button😂😂😂
Thank god for bags for life
Bultoraune
nice coat
London is lost
hmmmm
Congrats on trending
Why is this trending
Damn those LIDL carrier bags are made strong. 🤔
(((pure coincidence)))
Omg
psy op
The HOAXes are getting ridiculous
What ?
Lots of comments here trying to be funny but if this device had gone off as intended, everyone on that carriage would be dead.
Guess who's school was evacuated
Can't be that bad, the train still has its GLASS
the new iphone
did they find tyler in that carriage
Why is this still trending
For all the people saying 'Don't automatically assume it is muslims' or 'you don't know if it was a Muslim' actually, it's been revealed on the news today that it WAS a Muslim, from Iraq so stfu😌 it always is Muslims, I don't know why people are always protecting them and trying to act like they're so innocent, when they're obviously not...
If I was them people I would of broke the glass and put that fire out.
ISIS Claimed the device, but LIDL beat them to it! £9.99
Hi guys if u sub to me I will sub back
19 people involved and burnt alive and yet the bucket and bag is intact..... how gullable are the British
Lets Play Russian Roulette 🔫\nEvery 5th like gets Killed 💥\nComment What You Got 👇
Add my Snapchat thxmaswiltshire
It's important to remember that this was the action of an extremist,  and that he doesn't represent all Muslims. I, a white atheist, think it's important to protect our Muslims friends in the innevitable influx of anti-islamic hate crimes.
I CAN'T WAIT\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFOR STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT 2
Big fucking open world map , a just 4 v 4 players in the map , great job Ubisoft.
such a big map and only a few maps to play, smh
This is going to be amazing, I still play this game faithfully. I just hope we can customize class looks and weapons.
I love how all the people dropping the negativity will be the ones who play the new 4v4 the most. Haters are your biggest fans! thanks ubisoft
Everyone who is saying you should of made it battle royale style I agree but don't forget we're talking about Ubisoft a company heavily known for having some of the worst servers in all of gaming. You really think they can support the whole map with 50-150 people, hell no 🤣🤦‍♂️
Tried it and its shite
Idk which class I'm thinking bout going tank or enforcer
I honestly can't believe you made a team in your building dedicate time and effort for a 4v4 pvp on a huge expansive open world map, only to limit it to little zones. \n\nI mean, wow. No wonder your user bases die within a matter of weeks after a game launch. Rainbow Six being the only exceptions miraculously.
Make a battle royal mode !!!
Give us some new aircrafts and some actual tanks 🙄
No Helicopters,Tanks And cars?
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS BETA it doesn't work at all and there's only 60-70 players on Xbox at a time it's a waste of time. lol I bought this game and the season pass and this is what I, among many others get? lol scrap the game issue refunds appropriately and try again in 5 years
Creat battle royale in this game
Can't wait to play it it looks awesome
Nice. But I still can't wait for you guys to add the new special forces weapons of choice to the game, the H&K 416 and 417. And to add in the legendary M16 A3 & A4 models. I dont even know how the game was made without these badass weapons in the first place. I'd love to see a update adding those in the game. I'd buy them from the store anyday.
Could've brought people back with a battle Royale mode. It's already half made, they got the map, guns, and vehicles to make it happen. But they put their money on this?
Cool beta
Has Ubisoft confirmed that they will ONLY do a 4 v 4 PvP mode? Or is that just for the Beta???
this game has the potential to be the next socom. Throw in some objectives and open the map more and you've got yourself a competitive game that online gamers haven't seen in years. none of this casual, cs go/overwatch garbage
Make a battle royale mode like everyone else or a TDM mode with a big team scattered in squads, the game has a big map USE IT WELL FOR GOD SAKE!
This game died before the beta even ended 😕
Make it like pubg and ad like 32vs32 and i might pick it up
This game is dead
I deleted this game from computer after 10 hours and nothing will make me install it.
Hopefully there is a hardcore mode
You’ve got this huge map and are only doing 4v4? Lol this will be dead before it comes out.
This is the cheesiest trailer I've ever seen
Only thing I see is 3rd person advantage
Don't care most players want new stuff for the co-op
Obviously not the PS4 version being shown, as it wasn't plagued by massive amounts of pop in.\n Seriously, this is the most pop in I've seen on any Ubisoft game. I don't expect perfection on a massive open world....but it has A LOT. Much more in comparison to any other open world game from even five years ago.
Yes!! Can't wait\n\n\n\n\n\nBecause I have no PSN account and I can't play it!!!
When will it actually come out after the BETA
So there are 6 classes now ? never played the game, should i get it ?
Can't wait for this I just got the game and really enjoying it
They are cheesing that voice actor
I love this game and R6S
I hope there is a sniper class
Will we get access to the R4, MDR, BFG 50, PSG1 or any other guns from dlc?
ill have to wait to play but i dont see this working like they plan to. whats to stop us from just sniping off the team while throwing down an airstrike. theres only 4 people i dont see matches lasting very long
Should have a battle royale mode
You gotta love that bfh theme music lol.
Can we please customize or Bot please man I hate their  uniform
wHy DoNt UBisOft MAke a BatTle RoYAle gAmE MOde in ThIs GAme tO rEVivE IT?🤷‍♂️
This looks fine, but I really wish you had stuck with a core four class system. Breaking it up into a dozen classes makes none of them feel particularly special. FWIW, I would be much more interested in a coop attack/defend mode than 4v4 PVP.
What a lot of people don't get is that the reason its this and not battle royale like we all wanted is because they'd have to pay for servers for that but with this instead its p2p so the host will be a player in the game and not a ubisoft dedicated server
You gave me a reason to play this game again😃
need to have the game or its free beta
This looks like the most dummest and boring thing they can make and I like ghost recon
Listen to the people Ubisoft. This is okay but for months we been begging for something more. Atleast make it 8v8 or 6v6
tinha que ter modo battle royle pq o mapa é enorme
Lol\nBoring!
YES
this game died before it got out! and still no PvP..... Ubisoft lol what a joke!
I played the closed beta and I will play the open beta.  I played a couple hundred hours of coop and it is a great game.  But I must say that you guys are a little late to the party with this.
Y'all need an open world pvp where when you spawn in you get put on one of two teams and there like 16 on each team and you can do missions or whatever or you could go attack the other team and maybe even through in like fortress raids pvp
coming out 9/24/2021 \nedit i’m excited tho
Ubishit
4 v 4 pvp is not a good idea....stop doing this small team bullshit ubisoft ffs
Aaaaaand they fucked up GR. Rip. You will be missed.
Awesome! Going to be a cool mode for ghost recon wildlands I can't wait to see what it holds.!
I'm actually happy there are no sniper rifles in this.  Seems like a lot of map for hiding on the edges all the time.  Time to shakes things up n see how everyone plays
Took long enough almost flicked the game
I'm not one that needs PvP but this looks kickass
Can't wait wish they had sniper class because what's what I play on the hardest mode and they never see me coming lmao
Who wants this when de have pubg
when pre download beta come in ps store thailand ps4 ver. dev , community tell me....
I like for this
Is that the doom(2017) music?
Game is dead
Nicee
Basuda
Si on a acheté Ghost recon wildlands deluxe édition est-ce que on aura ghost war gratuitement?
Would really like to see at least 10vs10 but I'll give it a shot
Awesome
1:23 it's twitch
Boring!!!
More the Crew 2
jizzing my pants
Aaaaarrrgh! Start now!
This looks absolutely terrible
Age really
LOL
HELL YA
why just 4vs4 😢😢
The sniper at 1000 meters distance headshots lmg man
Me gustó mucho ese juegos de Goku rico se ve brutal
The writing Hay fuerza Hay mente... doesn't make sense
What! No sniper
Wildlands has its quirks but as an Hour to burn with a buddy COOP game it sure was worth my money. not every title released under the sun needs PVP. Hell, the last thing we need is a PVP saturated market. When this game was released I never expected it to have PVP, At most I expected COOP. the PVP here feels tacked on to please people, that's my biggest complaint at the moment.\n\nit may just my personal opinion, but damn, you want Battle Royale? play PUBG hell, Im sure its gun-play is better than Wildlands.
Wait, is that dude at the end in a red shirt a new operator or someone revealed?
Can they just stop trying to make people buy or still play this game. Ubisoft just needs to admit that they fucked up
All you guys had to do was bring back Future Soldier's PvP, and just fix the hacking problem.
I want to play this so bad I have a 4 person group on ghost we're going to rek people
Lame. You could and should have made it much simpler. Give everyone three armor options, a list of guns to choose and let them see who's best. Now it's about who picked the best class talents. This is another typical, run of the mill shooter for children with ADD and no skill. Long live SOCOM!
Ubi there's a website called r6credits.com giving out free credits please take it down as it could be a scam or the real deal
The fact that this is a DLC just shows Ubisoft and how incompetent they are. I just finished playin Wildlands. I have great intervener connection but I had lag in a solo campaign. Something is wrong with camera and player movement in Wildlands. I've never thought it would be possible to have lag in a solo game. Congrats Ubisoft you did it. Do not reply to this post, especially if your gonna say it's not possible. We're always on their server when playing.
Have some played the beta? And is the gunplay better more fluid? In the base game it's complete trash :(
Cod is to Internet hungry have to have real fast speed or you are always behind , I can't get fast enough Internet so.i hope this is as bad
They're trying to pull of the no mans sky. Putting things in the game that were supposed to be in there in the first place. Putting all this effort in this and I'm sure it'll all be dead within a month. Everyone has already moved on or completed the game already. Ive already got all the achievements in this game and if this has no achievements in this there's 0 reason to go back to this game and play this....0
Is she from Ireland or live in Ireland by any chance?
I love your vlogs and beauty videos Bubz! Your sense of humour is just <3
Oh my gosh Bubbi I love all your chat about mom life hehehehe!  You look sooo beautiful!
Bubz, please tell us what grey lenses you use here? It looks very natural. I love it
Good to have you back bubz! You look gorgeous with or without makeup :)
Bubz, I love you so much. But I miss this side of you! This is what made me follow you. Hope you and CHILDREN are doing well. 💕
Love the title... Testing the make up out and going to slay the grocery store :D:D:D Also, sooo good to watch another makeup tutorial from Bubz! awesome job!
Love the makeup look😘😘😘👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
You're still glowing and looking as beautiful as always bubz, I missed your makeup tutorials a lot so this was a welcome surprise!! ❤️ I was wondering, do you have an updated skincare routine? Your skin always looks amazing!! \n\nAlso, I know you're extremely busy at the moment, but if you have any free time I'd deeply appreciate it if you maybe watched a video of mine? I've followed you since I was a young teen and I've only just found the courage to make a few videos myself. Again, I know you're busy and completely understand if you can't ❤️\n\nKeeping you and your family in my prayers as always ❤️
I Loved the makeup Bubz. At first I was a little bit worried but it end up really cute! Love your family! :3
I love you and your videos so much, but I've become really disconnected with you recently since all you talk about is being a mum and babies, I can't relate to you anymore since I'm not interested in it and I don't have kids. I hope you don't take this as an insult because I still love you and I won't unsubscribe because you've helped me with so much, I'll definitely buy your book when it comes out! I know it must be hard to talk about anything else when you are a mum, but I would love to see videos like your old one, or like this but just talking about something else other than motherhood/children etc. Please don't take this too harshly, it's just something I'd personally like to see!! But do whatever you want to do, love you ❤️
Bubz your a yummy mummy! Would your do an updated hair care vid? Your hair is so healthy looking and with your busy life I was wondering if anything has changed in your routine xx
Book tour! San Diego is a beautiful place and you have so many subbies here! The air is much cleaner than L.A. and the city is much more accessible. Give it some thought Bubz, I'd recommend all the best eats LOL. Love you, this vid was so much fun and WELCOME BACK 😍😍👻💕
this video made me realise how much I missed your videos on this channel, thank you <3 x
I can relate so much. 😂😂
You had me at grocery store :')
Come check out my Scottish Beauty channel! This weeks video is my high school make-up. 💓💋💄https://youtu.be/i3qgrq7c_cg
Haha i also got the modern renaissance a few weeks ago and was like why did i wait this long?
Don't worry about being away. That's okay. Just glad to see you ^^
Bubz do you still selling brushes ? I want to get another brush set ❤️
You may want to look into a collagen supplement. It's supposed to be great for your skin! 😊
Everything I have felt with my second daughter! And boobing as you put it does do a number in the skin. Glad you are dolling up to go out! :) Some days you just need that extra zing to get you going even if it's for a few bananas and yogurt! :)
Bubz you wanna accentuate your eye shape so you should drag your eye shadow out a little. I think it'll really make a difference
i love it when you talk about mommy duties\ni pickup so many good advices from you\n💗💗philippines
What's your skincare routine after gave birth Mama Bubz ?
When will the book be available ? :D\nHugs
I remember you said you ran out of things to do for this channel. I suggest just do updates, q&a and reviews, those things never stop. You always need to have updated videos because things are always changing, you always have a new skincare routine, have new favorite products, etc. With the q&a People will always have questions. The reviews, there is always new products that needs to be reviewed & it would be very helpful and useful for people to see reviews before buying the product. Beauty isn't just outer appearance, I think you can include lifestyle type of videos too and just advices/girl talk videos. I think with makeup looks, there always music videos, movies and celebrities and It doesn't necessarily need to inspired you to emulate the look but it can be taken as a fun challenge too. There is many colors that can paired together and create new looks. There is also fashion, that is part of beauty too and there is always fun silly beauty related tags/games or beauty hacks you can incorporate in your channel.
Yay! A makeup video! I watch all your vlogs, but it's nice to see one of these, too. 💖💖💖
It took me 8 weeks to recover down there, but I had a traumatic vaginal birth, would request a c-sec next time!
I hope you do a book tour in London please......
He thinks it's a two people activity Oh boy, the hemorrhoids DEAD 😂
omg lol my 18 month daughter rushes to the bathroom when she hears me too! its crazy haha
 where have I been?\n just pushed a child out of my vag\n\nTHIS IS WHY I LOVE YOU BUBZ
Most of the time, I look like an armpit MOST RELATABLE QUOTE :)
That background and the blue one with flowers have been my fave throughout this bubbi journey!
I don't mean to spam but I've been following Bubz for years now and I know you guys - her fans - are very kind so could you please share this link https://www.gofundme.com/jijis-medical-costs and just please remember every little bit counts - thank you so much
THE COMEBACK! Love it and missed seeing your tutorials! <3 <3
Everything you said, YES! Good to see you and glad you are well. My day has been brightened. :)
For a second I had to check the date of this upload because I was like, Bubz?! Oh I have missed your looks. You and Michelle basically taught me how to put on makeup. ^^ But even though this channel has been on a little hiatus, it's all good girl. We love yah, and family is important. Heck, the vlogs are my life, so it's awesome to still interact with ya. But so cool to see you back with a look!:) ❤️️
I absolutely love the Modern Renaissance palatte!! <33 I am too scared to use Cypress Umber though because of how dark of a shade it is but you have inspired me to try using it in my next makeup look I do :D
It's so nice to see another makeup tutorial FINALLY!!! btw, when spongebob appeared. I lost it. No idea why I found it uncontrollably funny.
Hey bubz! You should start doing make up reviews! Would love to see from your point of views!
I love watching your beauty videos on vlogs. I always feel like I'm talking with a big sister.
It was so nice to see a new vid from you! It's ok to take a break from YT. Much love to you and your family ❤️😊
She had another baby???? Omg it's been that long since I've watched
YAYAAY BUBZ!! So so nice seeing you again! I've been staying updated on your vlog channel hheeh☺️☺️💖
Omg I love your makeup videos!! I mean, i really really love and enjoy your vlogs but watching you doing your makeup is really fun. Btw, smoky eyes look so good on you!
I am new to YouTube and I would love some support - If you sub to me, I will sub to you - Thank you all so much ♥
BUUUUUUBZ!!! I got so excited when I saw you had a new beauty video! It makes me wayyy too excited! Hahaha!
Bubz! How is your book going? Miss you!
Can you do a update skin care video or updated fashion wardrobe video?
Hey! Im pregnang with my first one now, been watching your vidoes for many years now and I enjoy you talking about stuff like this even throughout beauty videos. Be strong, and stay glowing ♥ love you! All the best to yout beautiful family!!♥
Is there anyone actually subscribed to this channel that doesn't watch Bubs vlogs? XD
love you bubz !! been such a pleasure watching you grow for about 8 years !! can't wait to purchase your book.  will it be available in australia ??
Please do more tutorials on this ABH palette bubz😭
I am really looking forward to your book!!
I watch your vlogs all the time so I forget about this channel lol
Hey Bubz, when is your book coming out? I can't wait to get my hands on it!
It can be strange on the surface, but i think it's a lot safer to have a baby or a toddler with you when you're in the bathroom since they're prone to accidents.
Yes mama bubz ! I always get dolled up  for shopping
always good to hear you talk about your life update, even though i keep up with your vlog channel ;)
At 9:50 you look like a cute little red panda :D Love your vlogs <3 Watching them immediately when I see the post on facebook ^^
Hi~ can anyone recommend any good hair products to strengthen hair? thanks :D
That beautiful post partum glow <3 You're always beautiful. Thanks for the GRWM :)
Hey Bubz) nothing's wrong with getting all dolled up to the grocery store! As a russian woman I say that we're getting dolled up even if we only getting trash can out and getting back home. Even my hubby is the same, today he was getting trash out and put on literally his best shoes, because, ya know, a lot of people could be watching, you want to look your best) Take care, dear.
How do you know whether to apply blush to apples of cheeks of just below, like you have done here? :)
Most of the time I look like an armpit omg xD I'm glad I wasn't drinking anything, cause I would've spit it up LOL
Thank the Lord bubz is back!!!!!
Welcome back Bubz! You are missed! A LOOOOT!!
Hey bubs I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude but I learned that if you apply blush lower than your nose, it will drag the face down. I figured since you wanted to give the illusion of a slimmer jawline, maybe you can try this and see if it works for you? :)
Bubz, I saw your 🍒 cherry 🍒 style makeup recently on your story and I really like it!! Can you make a tutorial on it?? 💛 I love you and your fam so much!
Omg feels so good to see u doing makeup again I luv ur all family videos u don't know I been following u since u started YouTube channel u introduce me what is makeup n m a makeup artist n doing well thanks bubzz n good luck 😉
So pretty ❤️❤️❤️ Love you so much 💕
Awww! This video made me laugh so much! Have been watching your videos since 2013! I'm so happy you're making more videos! God bless you!
Men does not get sick.  Men get a Man flue!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Oh i love your videos. 😍😍
I've got 4 children, going from 2 to 3 is so much harder than 1 to 2, I'd say stick at 2 haha 😂
So used to your vlogs but love seeing you upload here for a change!
Welcome back Bubz! I hope you're having a wonderful day! :)
Lindy is always pretty~ even without makeup ❤️
When i was around 5, whenever my dad went to use the restroom to poo, I brought snacks and my coloring book in the restroom lmao i can totally relate
Love you Bubz!!I'm due in 4 weeks, freaking out!! I hope to have the will to apply at least lip gloss before I push!! Love your look!!! SO GLAM!!😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
I just tossed my beauty blender the other day. I really hated it. Never used it because of it. I actually prefer my rather simple flat Estée Lauder foundation brush that I - funny story - got free as a gimmick when I bought something at the Estée Lauder booth at Harrods London.
You look lovely!
Welcome back bubz! We missed you
:D
Ahh I've been missing your beauty videos but its totally fine since you're vlogging anyways 😊😊
Your skin is perfect 👌 😍😍
Loved the girl chat!! 💖
HII BUBZ <3
YOG-gurt
Lookin great bubz!
Gorgeous!!!
Missed your videos :D x
Omg BUZ! WOW old school YouTube right here!
welcome back!
😊💖
MISSED YOUUUU
I missed your videos bubz HAHAHAHAHA
missed you =)
😍😍
HI DIY QUEENS 👑❤️ it's finally HERREEEE!! download links for iTunes etc in description in case u need the song on repeat 🙊
DIY AND RAP QUEEN~
mga bobo
Throw that glitter gurl! #prettylittlelaurs😂
slayyy queen
FIREEEE OMG THIS WAS SO GOOD❤❤❤😂
shes our DIY Queen love u  Lauren
I LOVE THIS🖤
Lol just got on Spotify now😊
Yasss GRUL SLAY!!!
SHES OUR DIY QUEEN YEAH BETTER BOW DOWN CUZ WERE HER LITTLE PRETTY PRINCESS THIS IS SOOO HOT DANG GURL
Yass
I love it
I'm...speechless😶🤐😕😒🔇
DANGGGGGGGGGGG SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOOOOOLLL AND AWSOME
LOVE U
she got bars
#RapLaurDiy
YASS GIRL YASS!
Yasss girl
Every one throw glitter
DAMN QUEEN😍😚
wow love
Guava juice is better
Love ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Cool
Everyone bow
You rocked it girl!!
DAM DIY LIFE
I LVE YOUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SHE IS SO GOOD
I have this on every device I own iPhone, iPad, Laptop!!!!!!😆 iTunes, Spotify!!! This is my jam😆 and should be #1 treading on legit everything!!!!!!!!!!! Love You Queen LaurDIY!!!!!!!!!😘
I only have a few words, This Music Video Is One OF FAVORITE!
Our very  Perry and gorgeous and beautiful girl in the world
i am honestly so proud of you Lauren
I love u but I cringed a bit maybe try some hip hop or country
Wow this is the best diy song in the world  i love you laur diy too much
AMAZING LOVE IT YOU ARE TRULY THE DIY QUEEN BOW DOWN BOW DOWN TO ALL!!!! One million more times to go!!
I prefer Natalie's diy's more
To... weird. I don't like it
Lauren! Ur so creative in diys AND music😃keep slaying diy queen👑💞
i love your song😄\nalso lauren,you shine better than glitter,stars,galaxy and sun😄
why is every famous youtuber making a song
Im a boy but she want me to be a pretty little princess lolololololol where is alex he said he will.be in the song
sorry I still like u.
I love Lauren but YouTubers need to stop making music..
I SWEAR I HAVE WATCHED IT SOOOO MANY TIMES PROBABLY 100, LIKE  LITERALLY. BTW SO CATCHY
Next day my friends throw glitter at me  ✨ 😂
Finally it's here
Almost forgot to watch this today😊
Wow! \n\n\n\n\nLoving the new look you need to do a tutorial on how dress up like a pretty little princess
Is it just me or does anybody else hear the minecraft door opening sound in the background of this song HAHAHAH
One Question? How the he'll did she come up with this amazing rap?!
This is so cute.
But I'm a boy ummmmmm but your amazing at what you do
i really love this song
Your in my side and I be your side
Hey lauren it wouldve been really awsome if you made all your stuffies be full of life but this vid is awsomeeeeeeee ill put this vid as my favorite!
I thought she was child appropriate but......
MAKE WAAAYYY!! The DIY Queen is here!! #prettylittleprincesses!! Come on people throw that glitter up!!!!(: Love it Lauren!!
I cant stop watching this its so good
I Never thought thus oder her
doing one of her diy's while listening to this song. lol.
This is my favourite part! 2:55😅
Any small youtubers looking to support each other??
I always come here for inspiration.
My favorite part is 2:55
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG!!!! YOU MA QUEEN! 😆😆😆💖
Stupidest song ever I'm gonna unsubscribe and listen to Christian music f**c Lauren and Alex unsubscribe to both in 3,2,1,0 done
Who sings the back round when it says pretty little princess
OMG I AM A FAN GIRL I WATCH YOUR VIDEOS ALL DAY EVEN AFTER SCHOOL
Is it just me are do you think she looks a little bit like Mia when she was in the dark room with the  couch in it
to watch this video you have to watch her vlogs
This is literally the girl version of its every night sis and the rise of the Paul's
OMG Love it Its so good u got swag girl
I didn't liked it ...\nI love it 😍💖💖
Yaaaaaaas queeeeeeen ❤❤❤💃
SHOOK
damn girllllll
ITS HERE💓💓💓
YASS GIRL BEST SONG EVER 😁😁😁😂😃😃😄
wtf
DAMN GURLL
YASS QUEENNNNNNN!!!!
In the song you said we don't need no money but what are you going to DIY on a notebook gotta buy it📓🙀👻
This probably sounds real racist but...you can tell she was raised by asian parents XD
I've watched this like 20 times! And I love it you are the #Diyqueen! 😂
Love the new song Lauren! You really are the diy queen! (Way better then me XD)
That hand move meant when the glitter falls on her hand is the bomb #prettylittlelaurs up in here
When I first heard it I loved it
Yoo lauren! We love it❤️ its so awsome😍👏
Omg i love you your no.1
We are the most #prettylittleprincesses
Alex is really lucky to have a famous diy qeen rapper
She is getting saveger every second
LaurDIY I am one of ur biggest fans here you are the most best YouTube I know I love you, Alex, Moose, Guppy, Bear Bear, Bun Bun (and the other Bear Bear plushies sorry I forgot the names), and ur diy vids \nKeep up the good work I will always remember you and Alex \n#PrettyLittleLaurs\n#PrettyLittlePrincesses\n#PrettyLittleDiyMiniQueens
Just because your Laura I like it, if it was anyone else I would have a lot to say. Love you girl
When she says That's the royal elite, To me that is the best line ever! #prettylittlelaurs #prettylittleprincesses
When Lauren try to dress like Ariana  Grande,try to rap like Logan and try to fit in. She try to be pretty.
why tho u ain't a rapper
i know... we all wish it could be longer
They working with their idols now holy shit
Pissed this is the intro and not longer this probably one of the hardest songs on the mixtape
g59
$crim stay making mean ass beats. Man doesn't sleep
i was high as shit when i listened to this for the very first time, $crims production sounds more enhanced
$B x JJ  fucking lit
GREY MAFIA
When the intro is harder than the tape
THIS AIN`T A MIXTAPE, BISH IT`S A RICHTAPE\nNAH IT AIN`T MY BIRTHDAY, BUT I GOT BIG CAKE
Fire
Prod. By SuicideBoys lmfao....
Every mixtape juicy j drops, all the intro songs be lit af YEAH HOE!!!! MA MA MAFIA
Imagine a full Three Six ft Suicide Boy$
So sick!!!! Scrim steady making those bangers!!! Sooner or later we gunna be seeing they name everywhere
ima juicy fan.. But.who the hell is suicide boy?? This nigga fire as fuck
Now that's how you start a mixtape!!!
$CRIM said leave them perks alone, I need them uppers to make these fire beats!
He needs schoolboy Q on a remix of this
Where's All The Tracklist At Can You Put The Mixtape On Spotify Man I'm Trying To Get This I Have Spotify No Soundclouad
$uicideboy$ are tha shit!! That beat is dope as fuck!
$crim makes that shit swing bro. No one is fucking with this production.
my speakers aren't loud enough for this...
If you like that then check this out!!!!\n\nhttps://soundcloud.com/ftsthedollarsymbol/reflecting
Finally people can quit bitching about oh they sampled Shit from 3 six mafia Juicy fucks with $ucideboy$
Beat hard AF!!!!
ALL HAIL $CRIM
The beat got me drippin precum
Best intro of all time
$UICIDEBOY$ BE KILLIN' Y'ALL 'NOISE' 
AYE THIS SHIT FIRE 🔥🔥🔥🔥
This ho fire, who here before 1 mill views?🔥
when u see intro for new juicy album , headphones blow up wit tha fire
With that Fuckin with this Click Beat!
If only spaceghostpurrp produced some these tracks smh if sucide boys doin this purrp DEFIANTLY needs to be part of this
They got blessings from the juice man 🔥 SB went it in on the beats 🔥
best song i heard on this tape besides showtime
Just found this song today all late! This ssh!t 🔥🔥banging ! Tho
This was legendary. I'm proud of juciy J.
Sample from Koop's verse from Fuckin With This Click is LiT
Straight hotbox smoke a fat blunt n turn the vol. up . YEA HOE #Mafia
Ohhhh my goooooodnesssss
MA MA MAFIA!
three 6 villain
GODDAAMNNNN
Highkey suicide stole Yea hoe from RaiderCLVN
yess finally good music
😱
Intro hard Affff 🔥🔥🔥... Hold on Hoe (MAFIA)
G*59 X Juicy J
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EBHO8sa6Gs
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥Scrim threw Juicy in the flames. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
dope
🔥
aye $ :)
🔥🔥
this beat too dirty
This is fire bruh
GO
This shit lit😤👌🏻
G59
Good\nBrazil ;-;
g59 bitch
Brasil
$B
Like this...
Yeah hoe
TGOD Mafia!
Fireeee
gang
$UICIDEBOY$ LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
Fire
oo
fye
el mejor tema del mixtape!
YEA HOE YEA HOE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EBHO8sa6Gs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EBHO8sa6Gs
isnt produced by Budd Dwyer?
Bruh when these rappers start working with suicide boys shit just blows up all kinds of lit
$outh $ide $uicide
Tha Carter 5 Bonus Track...
Who's here for Wayne
Lil wayne long hair dont care got them marley dreads he gonna grow them no matter what he dont care what no one think.
Lil Wayne is going bald and can y'all imagine how Lil Wayne looks with a bald head tho.
The greatest
Anyone Noticed The Wayne Clap Lmfao !
GOAT
That kobe shirt 🔥 tho , Lil Wayne the 🐐
They had to pay him alotta money to do this shii
This is one reason why Wayne da 🐐
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 lil wayne is the best ❤
G.O.A.T
😂😂😂😂😂🐐
I never thought I'd say this but Wayne, it's time to let the locs go
The GOAT
Young MONEY TUNECHI💪💪💪🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥   #TheG0AT #FUCKCASHM0NEY #YM #WEEZYNATION
Fake news?
Dont go Commercial wayne
It's nice to see Wayne keeping it underground in 2017
Um anyone here from friends? I see everyone talking about Wayne...
Wow
Lil Wayne's confused face in the beginning.
Wee rat of a man
yikes. i can't figure out whats worse, the person who came up with this concept or lil wayne for doing it.
Wayne is the Goat. .And there are Wayy too many Grown Men discussing his Hair in here 😂
Dude look like a demon in the flesh 👹👹
Lil wayne look like a Bucket!
Show some love y'all https://youtu.be/kYbF29qAICQ
07 09 wayne no one was on his level
Hhhhhh weezy crazy
When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month for like 15 years 😂😂😂😂 no lies told!
That s t pain without autotune. You can't fool me
lil Wayne looks like a monkey
C5 Release date: 27 September 2017
Wayne always my number 1
lol
https://soundcloud.com/jaystrangebeatz24/the-movement-prod-by-jaystrangebeatz
Fabulous !!
Hair cut bro
LAME!!!!!!!
hair trigger no salon\n#YFS
Lol
Lmao
Lmfao Wayne's a fool 😂😂😂
GOAT
Weezy
Lmfao
😐🔫
😂😂😂
He always looks dirty...
Bro 😂😂😂😂
Music video for Carter v is wack
Lmfao !!!!! Wayne Stupid AF For This One Lmfao Like A Parody Video
Which 0-2 team he's talking about the saints or Patriots or some other team.. And I getting a hint that he saying to the saints because lil Wayne from new Orleans.
this is classic
He looks terrible
when you sing that extra friendly song when you at the house by yourself good job wayne
I bet that shirt is from Wal-Mart too
Had to made for the bengals 😢😢🏈🏈
What team is he talking about?
Pffft this is...
You need to make a tshirt that says cheeky little coffee
someone should do a compilation of Louis saying Aiight i got a cheeky little coffee :D
I question whether 4K is necessary for YouTube vlogs, because the vast majority of viewers do not have 4K graphics. I'm watching in 1080p and the picture quality is excellent.
You're making history. Congrats on arriving back in the UK. All the hours of filming and editing are so appreciated. This is Youtube Gold.
Whats will all the static popping noises?  Heard it on two difference devices.
My favourite vlogs right now!! www.byharrison.com
So dope...lovin' these vlogs fam
The Scotland castle actually made me cry, what a beautiful place!
Yay another pleb visiting the UK lol. Ah at least they aren't helping fund a dictatorship on this visit lol.
he needs to stop saying little plane
Gosh, this is amazing!
Louis! What's the type/model of this plane? You've said before but I can't find it now.
7th on trending bro 😮
Nice video man
That freaking castle!
i enjoyed this
CHEEKY LITTLE COFFEE COUNT: 10234091230491234123412346725367682352231
Those aircrafts scare me.
Great Vlog Guy's :)
Wee get ittt - you have a better planee
Dude, why are all your coffees cheeky?
That Scottish castle was awesome!
I got excited as the arrow in the thumbnail pointed to where I live and I was like WoAh you live in Caithness\n\nAnd then he said england.\n\nLies\n\nOnly lies
Louis has such a peaceful attitude. Even when they dog on his plane and say little side comments about changing GoPro batteries. If this is the personality of pilots no thanks.
This is by far my favourite set of vlogs on this channel so far. Pure authentic adventurous content. Keep up this kind of stuff up, don't work yourself too hard and thank you infecting the world with positivity
Yo i love your vids. Avid follower. Im from London but living in jakarta for a couple of years. Any plans to stop over in indonesia?
I'll take some cashews. I like cashews. and then you wip out a banana.  :-)
I am really enjoying the videos. & the three of you are getting on so well and todays video. WOW that drone filming of the castle in Scotland. Right on the edge of the sea.& all the farmland and livestock. Amazing
The castle and the overcast sky were giving me Harry Potter vibes. The green in Scotland is so pretty.
show less of inside of the cockpit and more of the outside scenery...less facetime...!!\nit'll be much better to see the outside scenery than same people talking everytime..\nanyways loving the trip...!
Everything about this video is top notch, Great Job!
Simply put this series is legendary.
Thanks for promoting our beautiful country. You are welcome home anytime.
Nice to see the guys smiling in unison! \nGood vibes!\nShout out to the pilot/s ♡☆♡
Why did you leave Scotland in the first? *draws Tesco discount shank from north face puffer jacket*
Just wondering when is Louis' coffee not cheeky and little ahahah ;P
freaking out that my little home country is in your video Louis! you should come and visit the Faroe Islands. It's a very special place with unique nature :)
The music remind me of samurai champloo lol
I ONLY FOUND OUT IT IS IN 4K NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please do a tour of Scotland and come to Fife 😍 I didn't realise you were half Scottish. We love you 😁
Yoooo most my dads family lives in wick and Thurso I knew I recognised that castle 😄
Louis...you don't come to Scotland enough
Haha, here on my up next video queue there's a video from CBS about Matt's flying around the world.
Pretty cool to see that castle and can't wait to see the abandoned one!
Experience is by far better then 2D sofa riding
OMG!!!  That Castle!!!!   Amazing!!!!  Love these videos!!!!
this is so inspirational - i would love to travel the world some day❤️❤️
Awesome video. Seems like the drone camera is a bit wonky though, horizon is off in all of the clips
Welcome to Caithness. My home county😊😊😊👌👌
Great Vlog bro. Loved that castle.  Don't stress yourself over getting the vlogs online all the time. We're all human and travelling round the world can't be easy - make sure you sleep and get enough rest. We can wait - your health is more important Sir.
I just came across your vlog by accident and you landed in my home town! So cool! A little bit homesick now though 😂 your whole trip looks so awesome, gonna have to go back and watch the rest 😀
why did the route change from islamabad to mumbai?
On my word!!! I agree with Louis that tree house is is awesome! I have never seen anything like that with the trees coming out of the roof. It definitely looks like something out of Lord of the Rings or something. Someday I want to go to Scotland too because I am Scottish as well.
What plane are you flying
Love it! I just started my own vlog, I'd love for you to check it out. Keep up the amazing work!
what are the fuel prices for planes like this ?
I live in wick.
https://youtu.be/Eupd8Nu1h3o pretty cool from cbs interview with Matt when he flew around the world.
Wow amazing inspiring video. Keep sharing. Love and support!
Yay Louiiiiis!!!! Damn you guys are working hard in this trip, stay healthy!
Brilliant I heard you were in wick, shame I never bumped into you😢❤
Time for Louis to find an editor alot of the other vloggers are doing it these days.
Is it a cheeky little coffee and  a cheeky coffee the same thing?  Asking for a friend 🤓
Louis you don’t have to loose sleep because of us! I personally will wait. Its better to be healthy and sleep so get your rest and do the editing when you have enough rest.
This is really nicely filmed!!!
Really great video guys. Louis really good to see you engage with the camera with some knowledgable rehearsed content, being a lot more like a presenter. In fairness, you did explain you hadn't had much sleep prior to going to sleep on the plane, but this could be a useful time to give some camera feedback even if these are facts that JP and Matt have relayed to you first. Louis seems a lot more upbeat now that he is back in the UK in this vlog. Presumably, as he is now regaining control.  \nWhat amazes me more than anything is how healthy Louis looks yet clearly needs to be healthier. Dude, you sound knackered, lay off the caffeine and do some more exercise you sound like you are in really poor shape dude. The last tip .... never make eye contact when you are eating a banana dude lol!
Thanks Louis for making these videos. My mornings be like, yeees, new episode is out. I'm happy for you and your happiness about how you are happy about how you live your live. Motivational and you keep others moving just by being yourself. Cheers
Louis sleep is important. I hope you guys stay a couple of days in a location soon so you can all rest. Love these videos tho. Great series!
One of the main ingredients in haggis is sheep's lung.  Haggis is banned in the U.S.
Love the 4k, it is worth the rendering time.  It will also help future-proof the documentary.  Keep up the great work!
A great place for a wedding may be????
Damn Louis! Always killin it!  Really love that Logo animation in the beginning!
Haggis is so good. People freak out about what it is but it's actually delicious.
Louis, I think that was the land welcoming you back home (Scotland).
Save yourself the time and drop the 4k..didnt even know it was, seemed like 1080. waste of time if know one notices. the only time it is noticeable and worth doing is for aerials and very scenic land shots. \nget some sleep instead :D
Have you guys got on on each others nerves by now?  How are you coping?
I would be so scared to fly around the world ahhh , I wonder if these smaller planes are safer than big people carrier ones.
What up with Tell me more in the background at the haggis place?
I was excited every upload in watching your series, but u take way to long to upload, I literally forgot about the vlogs
Was waiting to see the people from a couple days after Matt joined were like he's a jerk, now they're like Matt's such a good addition smh hypocrites
Fun fact, Matt ended his around the world trip at High Performance Aircraft at Gillespie Field in El Cajon (San Diego), California. I work one hangar away from that and watched him during his press interview when he landed.
Enjoying this epic trip.Can't wait for Africa and Asia...
I love your videos man, if you make your way to China I gotta get you in my vlog!
come to Fiji when you flying over the Pacific....
Those drone shots of the castle and the music, Soo Perfect!
I feel like Louis never includes enough of the flight in these episodes which is half of the adventure id think. does anyone agree?
Am I the only one who thinks after the world tour he should visit every state in the plane, or every European country or Asian country
Just out of quitosity, why dont we have to wear those dry emertion suits when you are on a comercial flight? Just intrested thats all
No mention of the poor guy who fed you coffee and snacks through the nights, thats gratitude for you ;)
Food for louie
People often talk about having a sense of physical and psychological wellbeing. However I consider in terms of holistic well-being, what you are feeling Louis is a sense of spiritual and emotional well-being.  I think it's a hard place to get to especially when you are living in a rat race society with so many commitments.  Loving this trip!
Louis, third wheel much?
People. List all his sources of income
Those suits are cool and so smart your being safe.
Can we all acknowledge how extremely unfit Louis is. Like he is out of for 85% of this video and thats from walking from the plane to the car. Kind of worrying.
hello all, come and check us out
Can everyone subscribed to me please I do gaming videos
Louis spends half the flights asleep, what's the point of flying round the world if you just sleep through it!!
I'm FROM SCOTLAND 😁
Who would you cast as adult versions of the Losers' Club in the inevitable It sequel? We're going to have to go with Amy Adams as Beverly.
Make one for The Dark Tower. ;)
New-cumber. This guy...
I think what I find so terrifying about the 2017 Penywise is because of IT's human-like features. There's reality for ya.
When I first saw Eddie, i thought hes Richie, even though he didnt have glasses...\nBecause the way he talked, he seemed more of a Richie than Richie
Bill Hader as adult Richie Tozier
HEY.   You forgot georgie
Jack is so cute ❤️
RICHIE TOADJER no...
🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈
Why @looper WHY are you not using my favourite background music more often?
Wyatt and Chosen are taller than Jaeden
You'll float too
bill does have red hair well in certain lights it comes through so probably more of an auburn
Bill skarsgard is hot
Did this guy just say nemesises...?
The new movie is pretty good,...still love the original best tho
Shane dowson as Ben
Me: Nicholas Hamilton! Cool name...\n\nMe: Wait- ALEXANDER HAMILTON
Bill (It) did perfect! The smile is perfectly nerve-racking. I just saw the movie and was terrified. I'm still fucking shaking, I haven't been scared of a horror movie since Silent Hill. Of course most horror movies have good plots, but are never perceived well and are less fearsome.
In the book Pennywise has an electric blue tie. How could you mess that up?
40 on trending
I was hoping for the half eaten bodies wrapped up in spider web more than anything else in this movie...ah well. Too much CGI for the scary parts, but the cast was fantastic.
this video rocks!! love all this IT stuff. I finished the book just two weeks ago and I can't let go, I'm obsessed!
I much prefer that Pennywise look like an actual circus performer  clown instead of a birthday hobo clown.
lol I go to school with jack grazer
I cant wait till this movie comes out on dvd, gonna poop my pants when it comes out
I saw the movie and the fact that it was way scarier then 1990...remember pennywise only comes out every 27 years,and the first time it was 1990,27 years later was 2017 lets wait 27 years for the next it...
Masters of Sex?
Who else just skipped to pennywise?
I want nothing to do with King or anything he is involved in.
I hate this clown appearance I would like to see the orginal makeup
I would like to see IT face of against a kid with actual psychopathy. A child with no empathic functions or the ability to sense fear (as we know it). \n\nWould IT just kill him and be done with it or try to use him? Perhaps IT would see it as interesting as well.
The casting was perfect
I hate colons
In my opinion these kids nailed this movie🙌🏾
. \n\n\n\n\n\nIt's in my second fanny pack
The clown was too good looking because it's Bill
fuck that, i'd rather watch the original.
I LOVED the new IT movie!!
This is not the type of clown you would like to see at the carnival anytime soon. I died laughing at that, intentional or not it was funny. (In the book, at the carnival some bullies get angry at a gay couple, which leads to them throwing one of them over the bridge, in which IT takes him and drags him under.)
Tozier not Tojer.
🎈🎈🎈🎈\n   🎈🎈🎈\n      🎈🎈\n          🎈\n           🤡
they did good but the guy with the stutter is way taller than the rest of them and it looked like he was two-three years older than them.
Stan Uris was totally worthless in the movie
*OOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG, can't people every be happy with what they got/get?*
Of the Loser's Club members, you listed the Black kid and the Jewish kid last...was that intentional or merely unconscious?
I think they all look ok
The cast looks just fine to me. I loved the adaptation and so did Stephen King. So changing or wishing changes is pointless.
The movie was a pile of shite
I was expecting for drawings
Patrick looks like Rodrick
i love clowns, I love grapes
Dane Dehaan as older Bill
This I by far my favorite movie if you haven't seen it yet go watch it NOW!!!!!🤡
Next video idea: *How IT should really be spelt*
Know
Title has me like Caste of what exactly'?
Why would a good looking girl be apart of a group called the loser club
Jack Douglass\nShould be Pennywise
a GAY clown would feed itself quite well in every smaller US TOWN I guess
Skårsgard needed hella lot more lines
*Beverly was THICC*
A bully in marvels ant man ?
The pinned comment at the top is proof of the validity of this video and this channel....that would be none.
No
Did you guys remember the train scene man that was good shit....
Who's seen this ???
it's book accurate...stop comparing it to the mini series.
Looper stop click baiting, for fuck's sake.
dc by Eagles played out late now\n\nPla
me encanto
Can I just say\n\nGOD I LOVE THE ENTIRE CAST SO MUCH
It was a really really good movie
THE MANSION IS FROM AMERICAN HORROR STORY😮😮😮
GUYS PLEASE SUB TO ME IF I HIT 1000 SUBS MY FRIEND WILL GIVE ME 100 DOLLARS CASH PLEASEEE
I was disappointed . They did not carry over the spirit of the book
Pennywise teeth remind you of the teeth from the things in dreamcatchers
fans of IT won't soon forget her name.\n\nYou're making the assumption that I remember any actor's name. There are very few I can think of off the top of my head. Maybe a half dozen, and that's from memes. Don't have much memory for people of little importance.
The characters just have new ITerations
I see Chris Pratt playing Ben
red bull clownathon@
Why is Pennywise's nose so huge in the thumbnail?
Nfk
The only thing is... the creature IT, uses the form of Pennywise to better catch his prey, children. He's supposed to be a family friendly looking clown, kind of like Tim Curry's portrayal of him, but Skarsgard's portrayal seems alot more like he would frighten kids away :L
Am I the only one that wants no name actors for the adult versions of the characters? The movie star presence would really take me out of the movie
fin made that movie
Pleas I wish to get 1000 subscribe pleas help me \nPleas
Scuffed j's
Who else wished IT wasn't in chapters?
Amazing acting.
I get the point of the vid, but the acting is 100x more important than how they look.
Already watched twice at the 🎥 anyone else watch more than once
I saw the movie today... and i cant sleep from watching it... so i go to youtube and scroll through trending...my heart skipped a beat.
YOU KNOW WHAT THESE ARE MOM!? THEY'RE GAZEBOS!!!!
Sophia is somehow 5'0, she looked taller but ig that's editing for you
R
I Like The Bill Skarsgard Pennywise The Best Also There's Awesome Music While There's A Horror Movie Going On
Buyer hunter violence kcmsmm need crop office musical.
I'm gau
gg samwell tarly
This episode has me in tears of laughter! This guy was so funny! Hilarious he fell again at the next zone too 😂😂😂
So agile it's astounding!
The epic fail was hilarious, as was him continuing to wear the helmet for the rest of the show. Him falling over in the next zone made me cry tears of laughter.\n\nWhat a legend! (not to forget of course his cell joke as the team left the futuristic zone, complete with a cheeky wink)!!
that was painful to watch.\ndon't let him have children ffs.
What is this garbage? Where's Richard O'Brien?
I thought the part when he tripped over the stairs was hilarious too😂
I searched Crystal Maze furry and this was the first result. YouTube knew exactly what I wanted.
Joey Essex managed to do this.
What others think as Rob falls \nAw no\n\n\nWhat I think of when Rob falls \n\n\n\n\n*SHOOTING STARS* music
He's going round the rings ha ha lol
This is UK trying to leave the EU in Brexit
funny clip, but the revival of this show is an absolute joke.
Not exactly built for physical activities the tubby little virgins lol so funny and fell arse over head in the aztec zone just walking up a step lol gravity is a bitch!
I laughed when I first saw this and I'm laughing again now 😂
heavy panting on the first planet? this was never going to end well.....but comedy gold
Oh god please don't use interlaced video.
Me and the wife watched it and cried.
I pissed myself when he was on, didnt laugh justed pissed myself.
Omfg he is actually absolutely fucking useless piece of shite
an A+ athlete, a true inspiration.
Doesn't help the fact that he's carrying the weight of three people
Aw these are the loser squad the cosplayers
This chubby fellow will forever be haunted by this experience. He shall pass the local chippie and go straight to the gym.
I knew this would trend when I watched it on tv. Poor lad, but it's just physics in action, his own weight moved the thing he was standing on out of reach of everything he tried to step towards. Not a good game for people who like a pie or three, I fear!
And that children is the reason why you exercise.
Why is he out of breath?
As soon as there was hint from the team that he should turn back, he was like - 'fuck this I'm heading back' 😂
Check the nick of that fat desperate cunt
Change speed to 1.5 and you may just cack your pants.
This is why aliens refuse to visit us.
Gotta go down as tv gold.couldnt stop laughing the other day when we watched it.
In a way I don't really expect much from someone who dresses up as a furry!! x'D And he was doing some weird pedo panting in there too on those planets.
Hes a dragon right so why doesn't he just fly over?
One of the worst things I've ever watched! 😂😂😂😂 poor fella
Ground control to major Tom?
I was wacthing this last night and laughed so much I woke my family up
Some say this is lost NASA footage
That would've annoyed me being his team mate..I'm frustrated easily and his heavy breathing and failure at something so simple would've infuriated me..I'm a bad team player when it comes to having weak people in my team.
I know this man, he works in the same place as me. aww bless him.
the team were fun but...and i'm sorry if you reading this team..they were not the best physically built for the job...not very athletic for the physical challenges..the best Member being Martin IMO\n\nthey were there to have fun though i'll give them that and the beard dilemma was daft yet noticeable...if they ended with 5 seconds they could have been the new  team of..rubbish but loveable\n\nstarted strong and then...ohhhhhhh dear
I keep thinking this is nick crompton
I feel like he was this bad on purpose, to leave a legacy on the show he likes so much.
This moment is going to be on best tv moments next year. This episode was hysterical
When did this show start again and Richard as the host brilliant.
That fat fuck s a retard... he doesn't know how to control his own damn body
This is what happens when you don't keep fit.
10 seconds in and it sounds like he ran a marathon. Wrong guy for the job
Wheres the mad bald gay bloke in the tiger jacket?
Don't make me shave your captain  ~ the human race 2017
I feel sorry for the guy because there is no way he's running away from this
Thank you Rob for the laugh, you really are a donut going round and round
It was even funnier when they only had 5 seconds in the dome, quality content from the team. :)
This is the pinnacle of British TV
Watched this live too. Funniest thing on TV in AGES!!
Let us not forget that when they were running into the next zone, the same contestant you see here fell face-first into the ground.
Should if got the bit when he fell up the step😂😂
Fact: they really do lock them into the rooms on the crystal maze and since being shut into the planet room Rob has had to become a pole dancer and put his new found skills to good use in order to generate some income for himself.
I was laughing like fuck when i saw this on Friday
Just watched it again, and it's still hilarious, just noticed his laboured breathing throughout the ordeal, the ludicrous advice from his team ( do the thing) and the girl snorting with laughter towards the end. Pure class. Afterwards he was trying surreptitiously to get his gloves off and couldn't even manage that !! Please put the whole thing up !!
My parents said it would go viral\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThey were right
That's what happens when *real panic* sets in - you end up going round in circles!!!\nLucky the game wasn't a 'timeless' one.  Rob would still be spinning...
I am REALLY Hoping this Episode & this Moment is Highlighted on This Week's Gogglebox...
Who on earth gave this fat fuck a Physical game?? And how the fuck did he pass the medical for this gameshow?? His breathing sounds like he needs a fuckin' ventilator because the fat is pushing in his lung capacity.
Right finally everyone I have persuaded Robert to get onto Twitter as hes becoming such a hit, follow or message him on Twitter: Planet_Spinner
Fucking lol
Oml!!! 😂😂😂
Griffin brothers & Jen look like teenagers & children
Next time... On interdimensional cable 4!
HAHAHAHHAHAA!!!   Poor ol' Rob.   Funny as fuck tho'
SPAZ BOY!
ROB!
Reminds me of James corden
What a knob
So So Funny 😂😂😂😂😂
Truly iconic
Richard Ayoade is funny.
a fine specimen
Useless fatty 😂
So good
Boi is that samwell​ tarly
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Fat mess sort ya self out
My destiny raid members.
LOL hahaha  2:20 bloody brilliant!
Well done Rob
Lmfao !ROBBBBB
what a clown
Spearmint Rhino has changed
Me during PE
Christ this was painful to watch. That guy was so shit he shouldn't have been let on the show.
Genuinely haven't laughed so much at a tv program. Not only this jem but the fall in Aztec zone... amazing. Best episode of CM ever!
Can he swing it towards the green one?. He's struggling with the orange one right next to him mate.
I refuse to believe that this is not a satire.
This team looked absolutely on fire to begin with, like they'd actually studied the show and were going to boss every single challenge, but it went downhill pretty quick. I mean they were entertaining enough, but not quite as clever as they thought they were unfortunately.
When that other guy tripped on the fuckin stairs as well, priceless team
Why did they pick the fat guy 🤣
Did someone say autism.... On a side note, every single one of them wanks at least twice a week over that 'bird'.. FACT
Cucktestant's are feeble :)
Superman is a Jew, he's not better than just man who is a Gentile.
R I G H T  \nW I N G \nA L L I A N C E\n\nBoth the North and South were anarcho-fascist by today's standards.
AWESOME BRO!!! Here from INFOWARS
I love the use of Appalachian Spring toward the middle of the video, Aaron Copland's compositions were phenomenal and distinctly American. Even if he was a Jew.
Get a website so I can donate
I am a FUCKING LEAF but damn if I didn't get goosebumps at that ending.  God bless America.
I love that Fucking based! has become Murdoch-chan's catchphrase.
Who were all the Ghosts? I knew a good amount, but not all.
Murdoch is a Midwestern Chad confirmed
Does anyone else get incredibly motivated by what Murdoch says at 3:35?
I need to know the recording of The Star-Spangled Banner you used that followed after R/The_Donald's. Wow that was beautiful, I used to hate the national anthem as a child; presumably, because I only ever heard it sung by forlorn drugged out popstars, and not by united patriots.
Going to get Shoah'd in 3,2,1...
I'm in the military and I choke up every time I hear the anthem. Also glad to see Rockwell and Pierce in there.
damn, i'm no murican but this made me cry
For all the black people The south  Will take down it's confederate flags and Confederate statues  on one condition if you pull up your goddamn pants no one wants to see your crusty black asses
holy hell Murdoch was that you singing?
Beware of the echo people they are another race white skin isn't a free win when your anti-white..
The symbolism behind these videos just effing brilliant.
Great ending with the jew soros getting impaled!
Absolute Waifu Pillow guaranteed to make you fail your gay little no fap, or your money back.
Has no one noticed they used the Merchant Minute bumper for their news segment???
I got my waifu pillow. The perfect birthday present. :D
Didn't show up on my feed, but did show up on my homepage.
Please do some kind of Easter egg of daddy Farage and an army of brits
Fantastic. Now I'm crying over a cartoon at work.\n\nBless you all.
This is beautiful. Is it gay if my eyes watered at the Anthem?
I want my America back :(
Nice one, really digging the minimalist approach you guys use. Kinda the opposite to my style, but it works!
This is making me so sad and im not even american.
No 👏 More👏 Brother 👏 Wars 👏🤝✌
This was a great episode, you guys keep it up!
Can somebody please tell me the version of the American anthem at the end of the video?
i dont know who writes these scripts for you or you write them all on your own but they are top notch! keep the good work!
The fact that all of us faggots are crying is the proof that there's still hope
damn right in the feels
Wew, lads. Shed a tear at the end. I'm not even American. Yeah, we're going to be needing more of this. A lot more.
hello I swa this on trending and and it is hateful please delete alhamdulillah
I feel bad. Somehow my shitty window movie video got more views then this video.
how dare present before our eyes a confederate flag, this must be one of those white people racist sites
Dude when I heard Copeland's Appalachian Spring, wow. Such a perfect choice.
This is probably the best anime I've seen in forever
Will we ever understand the weird and mystic ways of the Youtube trending algorithm??
>including that kike Woodrow Wilson in the ghosts of America
#37 on trending... inb4 jewtube hides it, removes the video, or just removes the entire channel for Hate Speech like they have with every other Alt Right channel
Can't believe that this is on trending right now
Was that the bulk and skull music used for the antifags?
I admire your optimism. Hit me hard in the feels.
Oh my God Murdoch Murdoch, absolutely incredible video.\nYou are absolutely correct, our race can't afford to fight each other. Our numbers our too few already.\n\nGod, I love this shit so much lol. Buying every item in the description. Get on Hatreon so I can throw more shekels at you!!\n\nPS: 29k views in 2 days? The fire rises!
Imagine if the South had won. We would have a nice barrier protecting us from Mexiscum (except for the far west).
All 2000 of you go to  Labour NZ and  National NZ to drop red pills during election
I cry every time.
WAIT, HOW DID YOU GET ON TRENDING MURDOCH?
holy shit!  Another amazing and relevant video. Complete with teary-eyed feelz
What recording of the star spangled banner is this? It sounds fantastic
As if soulless antifa would ever have an epiphany and heil our people and cherish our history. The ending of this video is kinda cucked actually. RIP America. Over half our nation, and the large majority of the world, are mindless zombies. It is all over   :(  \n    Jesus, I know we do not deserve it, but you can return anytime now.
Uncensored full DVD (or USB which may be cheaper) release when? I'd buy one for $30-50
WE'RE ON TRENDING BOYS!
That ending :)
LIBERTY AGAINST SOCIALISM!!!
BEAUTIFUL
Hitler did nothing wrong.
Murdoch Murdoch hath becometh Augustus Invictus
Uber master America
*Nice Satire Channel*
Beautiful
George Soros chaos lord
Sadly Antifa will never Join are side
Hu'white
fucking based
I fully approve!
No, no. This terrifyingly good for such an amateur group. In fact I am hard pressed to believe it. They must have professionals working with them. The writing is top notch, and they are genuinely fucking funny. In fact it reminds me of the humor of the 90s. This shit is incredibly dangerous to the left. I am the first person to point out bullshit when somebody tries to do edgy comedy. I fucking hate it. It is a travesty that the left lost their humor, as they used to hold a monopoly on it and were damn fuckng good at it. \n\nThis is incredibly dangerous to the left. They somehow made white identity sympathetic, funny, and you can relate to it. I do not know how they fucking did it. I am actually flabbergasted.
I love RTheDonald <3
Gg
BAD GOY!!! SHUT IT DOWN
Beautiful, god damn beautiful
meh wasnt edgy enough
This video is trending? Holy shiiiiiiit
Southpark did it
#38 on Trending!
killin jews MERICA
OFFICIALLY TRENDING WEW LADS
IT'S FUCKING TRENDING!
Props for namedropping Seiken Densetsu Murdoch
Nice Power Rangers reference
that tasteful appalachian spring
faggets
19/19
touched me deep
#45 on Trending! Ha :)
Nie wieder Bruderkrieg.
OH SHIT WE TRENDING BOIS
Holy shit, it's trending
Trending in the UK, YESSS LADDSSSS
Yes Joe TAILGUNNER JOE!!!
You're on trending!
#39 Trending in the UK Murdoch. Keep it up, pal!\n\nSome of us Brits want in on this unity. An Anglo gathering for us brothers!
I know this is going to be heresy to some people, but I'm a little disappointed with this vid def not their best imo. I'll be interested to see the next one and see if they get back to the regular program. I can see if they were trying gun to make a particular point with this video no more brother wars but it still felt a bit cucky.
why the hell did you include Neil Armstrong?! the guy was in on the scam - they never went to the moon!!
Anyone know the performers who sang the national anthem at the end was? I really want to know
there is no difference between nazis and communists? \n\nnazis: kill all muslims and jews and  create the most advanced country on earth. invent V2 rocket and go to space. \n\ncommunists: support muslims because muslims make good communists. idiot muslims depend on their country to give them welfare so country can enslave the muslims. communists support muslims to take over western civilization.
He beat him like he stole something.
TAP TAP TAP
Rock hold is the best middle weight ever
At least cm punk didn't tap out due to strikes \nBranch cannot be called a black belt!!!!
1 minute with a guy like cockhold at your back. brain damage or tap?
Imma beat you like you stole something.
andersons not on my level, he never was LOL
Nothing wrong with tapping from strikes against Rockhold. Branch was probably thinking about what happened to Weidman when he got pounded on for a minute straight.
This was a boring fight ... Anything else???
He does not have a heart to stay in the ufc
Really hope all these comments aren't serious. Luke needs to beat Bisping and also give Weidman his rematch. Robert is also next in line, there's a lot for Luke to do to be called Best MW.
All the trash talking and now this? Tap from an arm bar or maybe a choke..but this? Lots of other champions got beat up a lot worst, a lot worst and didn't tap
Kinda disappointing to see him tap to strikes, I thought this was the guy to at least to fight go until the end to try to make a statement. Also feel like Luke's hairline is still much better than it might seem, I'm sure it would just look a lot better if he grew his hair a little.
Cormier needs to go ahead & retire so we can see what Luke can do at 205 since the weight cut is killing him now.
Rock hold won, but still had an awful performance.
Rockhold looked a little sluggish to me when the fight started but i guess he had no choice since branch was chasing him down like a hungry dog. I thought branch had him when he let off that flurry of punches in round one but rockhold ate the shots and stayed in the game. Can't believe branch tapped from strikes. Never thought that'd happen. I had rockhold knocking this dude out
I want Uriah hall to destroy Luke that's a fight that I wanna see
I ate unicorn meat. - Jon No Steroids Jones
this was a gimme for luke
get back on track Luke
Wow Rockhold! What happened to your hair??...
Since the cornermen wouldn't throw in the towel.
Khabib and what he taught you!
David on Wednesday- imma do dis kid dirty\n\nDavid on Saturday- ........
way too similar to the recent weidman comeback. fixed like boxing.
wth???? ive never seen a guy tap out like that. intresting
Rockhold slowly going bald ,   how's he going handle that ,   i mean ARCHER is going bald
Better hope the ref doesn't stop it\n*30 seconds later*\nBranch: tap tap tap\n\nClearly he WAS hoping the ref would stop it
JESUS is  real!!!!!! Did u know that? Look it up... The time is now
Geez, what do u even call that? Tko by tapout?
The move of the fight was, let me gently lay you down right here.
Branch was piecing Rockhold with strikes, he just didn't have KO power.
Rockhold cruzou as pernas, foi um erro mas que passou despercebido pelo oponente
essa cara não tem fôlego pra 5luta
All shoulders
This was a horrible match-up. No way did Branch belong in there with a guy ranked as highly as Rockhold. Period. We're getting a second helping of this farce when OSP does the same thing to Okami.
that was a nasty body triangle
Rockhold is really good looking, perfect physicque  tbh. Ripped and aesthetic but also with functional muscle that works in fights
...Tapped to strikes tho??
Lol, this is more humiliating than getting KO'd stiff.
He was finished, exhausted, no point in taking damage to look tough only then to get a busted ear drum or broken bones
What really is disappointing is branch was pretty vocal about this fight and it went this way. It makes branch look totally foolish now especially since he tapped to strikes. But branch lit up luke with a combo that landed clean and luke took it like a champ so either his chin aint so bad or bisping hits harder than we thought
Gonna go back to Brooklyn like a bitcheckc
When Rockhold gets top control it means big trouble. The athleticism keeps him there.
He tapped out with strikes wow talk to all that s***
Good job rock you beat him like he stole something lol
Figures. First card I miss in a while, because of Canelo vs. GGG and the card turns out to be stacked with a bunch of KOs and Subs instead of decisions.
You see how he checked out his work as he walks away. this is hilarious.
Ground n pound from the wesssssssstside
David Ill keep this fight on the feet if I want Branch
Can't wait until he gets revenge against Bisping.
he will never be champ again.
Tapping out to strikes... Bob Sapp looks like he lost a lot of weight...
Great fight, but please stop telling me that Branch has earned a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Renzo Gracie. Please stop! Maybe Ebay, Etsy, Target...I don't know. Surely he hasn't 'earned' one.
IMO It's between him and Anderson Silva over who's the best MiddleWeight. That'd be a good fight too btw.
needs more volume, thanks.
What a beast!
Even Weidman didn't tap from strikes
Steroids
brownsville style tap
Cruz.  Great sportsman sip 
Ref shoulda stopped this
Luke I'm going bald Rockhold
To much to handle
Bisping stared him down too lol
Ref didnt save him he tapped brah
Shogun rua \nTap too !
Anybody notice Rockhold's new stance?
ima bet you like you stole something
this guy needs to fight yoel ramero
Bj Penn
Luke The Dbbag Cockhold!
Luke cuckhold is losing his hair yikes
Branch is a goon
Boring commentary
David branch is one of those lying cousins...he lied to his aunt to this day about getting her UFC tickets ....hes just a scumbag who says he's going to be something when everyone knows he's not ...
Luke roidshold
Actually,I'm glad cuz he talked even more trash then Rockhold! And he's the one that said I'ma beat you like you stole something.' He ate those words.
im gonna break u son
Artem Lobov is the GOAT
white genetics
Branch told rockhold in the weigh in his gonna break him. Demented mofcker lol!!
Insecure black men on suicide watch! XD
Listen mothafucka!!!
GG
Bisbing would have ko rockhold again
Sporchmensip HAHAHAH
Branch pulled a GSP
always bet on black lol
go get bisping
Luke outcold
Luke luta veia da pouxa
After watching Mayweather/GGG/Canelo, mma striking looks so rudimentary
Rockhold has the best body among MMA athletes
Tapping from strikes, you just don't do it at this level, ever.... Forever know as the Branch (tapping from strikes) don't pull a Branch, ever lol
Luke Rockhold wrestling looked like Khabib style !
God I hate that cocky, arrogant fuckhead.  Hope he goes against romero or another 185 killer and gets ktfo again
Luke has a lot of potential but needs a better camp.
So does this count as a submission win for rockhold?
Either Rockhold is back or Branch is one lousy fighter.
Cristine is the closest thing we have to parental supervision on Youtube.
CRIIIISSSSTTTTIIINNNEE MY LIT TEACHER IS CANADIAN AND YESTERDAY WE WERE TALKING TOO MUCH IN CLASS SO SHE STARTED SAYING SHE WASNT GOING TO EXPLAIN ANYTHING AD THAT SHES SOORY TO ANYONE WHO WAS PAYING ATTENTION LIKE 30 TIME AND SHE WAS SAYING SORRY IN A CANADIAN WAY    SHE WAS BEING A TRUE CANADIAN AND APOLOGIZED LIKE A MILLION TIMES
Gurl you should try this https://youtu.be/S1LsZ8HuOq4 you don't have to lol
The only one who can challenge Daenerys of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, The Unburnt, Queen of the Andals, the Rhoynar and the First Men, Queen of Meereen, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Protector of the Realm, Lady Regnant of the Seven Kingdoms, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons in a name off is Cristine, Simplynailogical, Simplynotlogical, Simplyfacelogical, Simplymailogical, Simplymomlogical, Simplycollablogical, \nSimplyschoological, Cristine the science queen, the Holo queen, and beautiful person.
Cristine is getting ready for the holodays her video is 12.31 long
This bish need to put on sale some wutduyadink merchandise RIGHT NOW!!!!! LIKE FOR THE CDS FLAKES ADICT SEE IT!!!!!
YOU NEED TO DO HOLO LIPS HOLO TEARS HOLO BROWS AND HOLO EYE SHADOW WITH HOLO HAIR!!!!!
PLZ LIKE CRISTINE I <3 YOU! (no im not gay)
Where did ya get ur holo I CANT FUND ANY ANYWHERE
Can I eat this ? I wanna be FABULOUSSSSSSS
i has real holo tape on my computewr which i love to bitd=s now i has that HOLO ON MY COMPUTER!
Hi cirstine I like real holo I'm................................... Not going to tell you my age and💿💿💿💿💿💿💿
Who else thinks Cristine should try latte art?\n\n\n\nIt's like water marbling...if you try to do the flower-like design
She is on my top 5 favorite youtubers list
Found you!!!🙌🏽 . Love this video❤️❤️.Thank you so much for sharing.
You should do a full face of silver holo!!
Hey, you probably won't see this, but I just wanted to say that I've been with you since before 200,000 followers and I just want to say how proud of your success I am. I love you to death, and may the holosexuals live on! 💜
you neeeeeeeed to do it nails
I NEED HELP FROM CRISTEEN THE SCIENCE QUEEN (sorry I know I spelled ur name wrong) BUT I NEED UR HALP BECAUSE I DONT HAVE ANY MAKEUP SPUNGES!! CAN U DO A SCIENCE EXPERIMENT ON WHAT U CAN USE BESIDES A SPUNGE FOR MAKEUP!! (sorry bout mah grammar)
You should do the sally Hanson chrome nail kit
THERE NEEDS TO BE A SIMPLYCRISTINELOGICAL
Just for a dollar a day, we can stop fake holo and bring out the beautiful magical unicorn rainbows, to show everyone what REAL holo is. Now say it with me  F*CK THE FAKE HOLO!!
Hey Christine? In one of your intros there is a color of s like a lavender purple holo and I just loveeee it so of course I can’t recall if it was crique or it was fun lacquer. If anyone knows the name of it  let me know what it is cause I love it!!!!!!
Have you looked at the new Limited Edition China Glaze My Little Pony polish I Sea Ponies Its a lovely Holo Polish in almost one coat
Love the intro on this video haha
Wow! I never knew you did nail videos?
Y'all Cristine needs to make holo food
Omg do a stephen king's IT movie inspired nail tutorial. Cristine just let me have this one nail tutorial
Cristine, check out sunbeam snake, their H💿L💿
GIVE BEN A GLITTER BEARD
THE SNAKE IS HOLO https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/TbeZFsp2hx6OJXlkjg-kr_5yq_rrN3jBJBZSSne5RS4/https/i.imgur.com/AfWKNmhh.jpg
100 layers of holo... ;)
hi
Do the aquarium nail!!!!!
LIL MAQUALA OR WHATEVER WATCHES YOU
Cut my hair lol #simplysnapsquad 😂
Do double sided nails!
OMGHH aka oh my god holo hell. Love you
Holo pool (ft threatbanger)?
What do you dowith your extra suff
Do a holo mermaid tale
So pretty I love HOLO
Wow 😳
Buying the first 5 holo nail polishes on amazon????
HOLOpinyobusiness
Bake dat shi* fo a minute
OOOO HOLO
omg holo porn
-not drugz- for nails 😂
Christine! Make Holo Aquarium Nails!!!!!!!!!!!
Christine try to make a video but for the whole time you can't cuss and you have to pretend your a child😂good luck with that @simplynaillogical
Lets go to polish mountain with holo flakes! Who's with me?!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n(Good luck Cristine 😈)
HOLY SHIT...\n\n\n\nHOLY SHIT!!!💅🏼💅🏼💅🏼 CRISTINE! THEY MADE IT FOR YOU!!!
Today is my birthday....\n\n\n\n\n\nNo one gives a fudge
Check this stuff out...it's the sh**t!!!! https://www.glitternailartstudio.com/
HOLO!!! So recently I read a beauty hack article. It said that you can use Elmer's Glue as your peel-off base Taco... Truth? False? Please investigate!!!
You should do your an induction holographic like in the beginning when your fingernail polish it should be a holographic
My fucking step mom thinks that holo is fucking tiny pieces of metal that reflect light. Ugh non holosexuals make me so mad
I don't know if I'm crazy, but Holoflakes 5 seemed like more of the flakes were being transferred onto the nail... Idk.. lol
Cristine has to be the biggest holo dealer in the YouTube game. \n-say no to drugs-
.' Cristine ! Try This 💖 https://youtu.be/oWez0roGEC8 it'd be fun to try 💖
when i first started watching simply nailogic, my first impression of her was, crazy good nail lady who likes holo and talks about death a lot
We need to add Hollaback Girl to the holo hits volume 3
I feel like I was being hypnotized throughout the whole video. My mouth was like wide open
People in my middle school keep calling holo sparkles and I keep saying now ots holo UGHHHHHH and they walk away slowly
Ben should make his own channel
Bake that sh*t for a minute
Christine, your voice is the audio version of happy rainbows and sunshine!
You almost lost me with the opening; thought it was a Taylor Swift video and I’d died and went to hell, somehow.
-It's drugs !-\nNice vid !
Cristine you should do what Jenna did with Julien, but with Ben!! 😄
Parents= Do you drink?\nMe= No\nParents= Do you smoke?\nMe= No\nParents= Do you do drugs?\nMe= No \nParents= Then why the hell are you so crazy?\nMe= I'm adicted to that holo baby \nParents= WTF
You should do the 100 layer challenge with the holo flakes on your nails
This video didn't have any ads 😭 WHY THEY DEMONOTIZING THE HOLO
Cristine, you should do another nail polish mountain but with the nail peelys in your nail peely bag
You just crested your own word, MESSILY!?!!!! 👏🏼👍🏻
Cristine cristine hear me out do the aquarium nails please cristine
Will you make a holo pits video? Like people have been taking glitter and after a layer of hairspray in their arm pits they toss glitter on there.
💿.          💿.     \n💿.          💿\n💿💿💿💿.   ----------->>>>\n💿.          💿.               \n💿.          💿.\n\n\n\n\nnope, I'm already tired..\n\n\nHÖŁØ
Snort that shit
Chistene you shold do a nail polosh called holoween
Bake that shit foo minute!
We need holo polish mountain!!!
ONE THICC BIH
Holo Cristine! We should be Snapchat frands. 😁😁😁
Cristine: Ayyyeee we got some Holo powder \nMe: drugs. I knew it.., CRISTINE \nLol
wanna see you making aquarium nails full of fucking holos lmao
Holo Shoes? HoOoOlLlLOooooo
Bring back the merch
almost as flakey as me!
I DONT LIKE HOLO FAKES I WANT THEM HOLO FLAKES
HOLO
Do an aquarium nail plz
KYLIE JENNER HAS A HOLO NAIL POLISH
Make a holo taco with shane dawson!!
Cristine, is there a way to create the magnetic polish effect with regular nail polish. I kinda feel like magnetic polish is cool looking but it's like a cheap trick, while what you do takes skill and creativity.
New video idea:react to simply nail logical ruined my life 👌🏼
*i almost didn't make it to the gym! So hypnotized by the Holo Porn*
Hey can I ask you something? I want to start my own YouTube channel and want to have soya nail polish in my first video. But they do not ship to the Netherlands. Can I send it to you? So that you send it to me?
I bite my nails and paint them maybe 10 times a year. BUT I just really enjoy watching all of Cristines videos!
Middlesbrough fan but what a block by qpr on the goal line
3rd goal was off
What an interesting game.
trffcv
another loss under holloway, stats are apalling, i agree the ball was out for boro third goal
Screenshot, looks just out to me.\ns26.postimg.org/3mkgxujh3/out.jpg
That ref and linesman are a joke,that was obviously over the line
QPR two very lucky goals Boro made hard work of it UTB
Trending with 7.3k views? Hah
Go on furlong lad 👏
UTB
WHAT THE FUCK LINO
Qpr have more youtube subscribers then stadium capacity lol
After it was 2-2 I new Middlesbrough would score a third cause it's QPR and we also through it away.
We still didn't deserve to win. Our second goal was very scrappy
Why is this trending tho?
The ball was out of play for their 3rd goal?!
Deserved at least a point.
Your fuckin shit
I wanna donate now. He have grown kids that never spend dime
1:54 thinks his son is Tom Cruise
I keep thinking that episode of family guy where Peter meets his sperm donor kids, who knows what i'm talking about :))
Most of his kids turned out beautiful/handsome. I don't blame the moms for picking his sperm, good choice. But i did hear about some women picking a sperm donor who was mentally insane and lied on the papers.
Jon Snow and the 7 bastard dwarves
I think it's nice that he helped other people to have children and those children appreciate him enough to visit him; he'll never spend a lonely day in his life. I don't think there's anything wrong with it. Thanks Mike
Mike's been keeping his hands busy
when i read about a lesbian couple who used a sperm donor & then the couple split up & the custodial lesbian parent  sued the donor for child support & WON, i realized being a sperm donor is a baaaad idea.
they look like serial killers to me ))
There were no conception problems, their mothers were all so ugly, no guy in his right mind was going to throw the hotdog down the hallway. That's why the donor is so handsome and his kids so ugly.
This man is a sperm donor and is more involved and caring towards to his children than most other fathers
Wtf is this doin in my trending?I'm a jaffa
Well... This is the future guys.
hmmm he's a sexy dad
Now I can just imagine like a boyfriend and a girlfriend in the morning getting ready, and the dudes like ''Jessica I'm going out to see my dad'' and then Jessica's like ''yeah me too!'' And then they get there and go in the door and they're like ''JUSTIN?!'' ''JESSICA?'' And then they have really incest kids
Did his kid just call him mike? 1:45 I'd be getting a can of whoop ass if I called my dad by his name lol 😂
This Guy Must Be Petter North.....
Dad is like this is my creation, this is my army.
If I had a kid every time I masturbated, I would populate a whole continent by now.
We came from your semen\nHehehehehehehehehhehehe\n\n\nIts from Family Guy
Well, I guess you get what you pay for...
Family guy did it
just because your a sperm donor doesn't make you their father.. what makes the media.. and these kids.. and this guy think its ok to pretend he cares.. He donated sperm for quick cash.. not because he wanted kids..
saving the white race, one sperm at a time
how do you feel when have an unsupportive family who always want you to work for others while you internally insist on creating your own empire? i am done with life
Man, if I found out I had 18 half brothers and sisters, the last I would want to do is meet them. I barely talk to the two I have.
ages 16-21 my ass most of them look 30
LMAO at 1:47 two of the girls have Snapchat filters on the photos he framed and put on his mantle. 😂💀
It's so sweet how open he was to getting to know all of them meanwhile so many actual fathers take zero interest or responsibility for their kids
It'd be kinda nice to be a part of that.
lmao they all have his nose
lmao
If he was black, the comments would be TOTALLY different. Every stereotype under the sun would be spewed and no facts would be considered.
2:00 stroking a dog suggests passion for animals?
Americans have a weird funny face. It's like they all squint.
Lucky man some people don't have children in will love  to donate?
wait for the alimony of good luck
1:31 she looks like Scarlett Johansson the voice is similar too
This nigga's been copy and pasted onto a woman's body
Promotion, thats all.
Cool. I'm sure the others who chose to be anonymous probably unknowingly had sex with one of their offspring 😯😰😖
they all have the same nose.
Family guy?\nAnyone?\nNo? Hahaha
You know some of those boys where thinking damn it I have so many hot sisters.
When the squad hasn't seen eachother in forever. I'm sorry... I try.
all ugly next
19 kids and counting
Delivery man anyone?
This is so wholesome. Don't even bother reading the comments though.
This is the weirdest family reunion I've ever seen.
А мужик молоток, и детей наплодил, гены свои передал, и от воспитания увернулся на совершенно законных основаниях.
White people doing the most
what's ur dad like? i wanna meet that dad
His pull out game is weak
WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST WATCH
-We have our daddys sperm in common
I bet some of them sleep together in the past no wonder some of them has shame on their faces.
2:23 I have a feeling she says it alot, if you know what I mean
I wish I'm good looking and tall as a man... i'm only 5'4 and can't donate sperm for money. Literally free money.
And all you jerk offs out here just waste your cum for nothing
I honestly wonder if any of the kids were attracted to each. There is a phenomenon that causes incest with separated family members.
Aww
Family Guy Predicted this
MR. STARBUCKS!
tf
Damn not bad looking kids.
にてる！！
now thats 19 kids and counting
Вообще мужик не выглядит счастливым, скорее расстроенным. В его глазах читается: как вы меня все зае***ли, дети мои. Самое забавное что почти все дети похожи между собой.
Delivery Man
Delivery Man
Anonymous his ass
Child #9, please.
Ummm...what?!
Wow!!
Wierd
Американец Майкл Рубино в молодости был донором спермы. Недавно он встретился со своими 19 биологическими детьми.
Wow
19 kids and counting, lol
Dad?
Julhreeze
Hell no
seems like a maury episode
Yuck
Hello number 9
Lmfao
They're mostly attractive
wow number 9 is looking fineeeee
Nie jedną by wyruchał jeszcze :v
IS HE MY DAD OR GRANDPA BECAUSE MY LAST NAME IS RUBINO AND IVE NEVER MET ANYONE WITH THAT LAST NAME BESIDES FAMILY
So every time you Jerk Off and dispose your cum. Does that count as murder?
He masturbates a lot
All raised by crazy cat ladies who couldn't find a man.  This is not ok.
So did they all shake his hand first?
Think the fat one blames being fatcon genetics ?
Aww, that's so adowable!
He needs to be called by his name or Mr. Sperm Donor.....to call him Dad is an insult to every Man that has actually  MADE ALL OF THE SACRIFICES to RAISE THE CHILD.
So 19 women, decided they wanted him? To be there sperm donor. And that means 19 women were single moms, because none of the kids had previous dad figures in there life....wow im shocked. None of those moms could find a husband
Pls someone tell im not the only one thinks making you wife's  pregnant by somebody else sperm is disgusting
Guys a Racist no black kids
Should of been 4 or 5 Leeds got off lightly ... COYL
I would have loved an offside cam on Morison on that first one.
MILLLLLLLLL
Milllllllll
I can only imagine how much fun josh is having right now. Poor simon
5k views and this is 5th on trending. gg YouTube.
Why the hell is this trending in India?
Great goal keeping...that's all I have to say...🤐
Top of the league, your having a laugh!
play offs why not never say never
Millwall the laughing stock of London
I bet Millwall payed YouTube to put this on trending
Bad day at the office for leeds but credit to millwall they were all over us and fully deserved the win. Good luck for the rest of the season mfc apart from when u play us again obviously. MOT
WHAT IS IN TRENDING IN SERBIA???
Leeds are shit who agrees like rhis
Trending !!!!?!!
MILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
ALAW
Trending? YouTube go home your wasted.
millwall. fuck em all
Mill wall pricks
Total domination.1-0 mullering if ever there can be one.
AOB like Chicharito with the deflected shots in :D
Offside u scums
I watched this live a guy fell down the Millwall steps and cut his head open blood everywhere he was drunk
Well done Millwall from a Wednesday fan! We all hate Leeds scum.
The only time millwall will show up all season. Mark my words.
IIIVANNN PERISIC !! ⚫💙
🔵⚫
Terza giornata!??? 😂😂
#ForzaInter
Forza inter
Ci stava il pareggio , l'Inter non meritava di vincere , il Crotone ha fatto una grande partita e secondo me ci salveremo 🔴🔵🔴🔵🦈🦈
Worst game all season, including pre-season, still winning tho..
The home side fought very well
Nice Hat-trick! Handanovic
Brasile vs Sfinter... che culo immondo 😂
forza AZZURRI
A shaky win
LIGA SERIE A TIM,presenta nola seriea tim
Il Crotone ha solo un buon portiere. L'Inter ha forse il migliore portiere del mondo (è tra i pochissimi in lizza per esserlo). Forse a portieri invertiti il risultato sarebbe stato diverso.
Ecco guardate bene questa prestazione che una partita così il Crotone non la fa più
That line-up might be full of talent, but the midfield is way too offensive, it looks like a team Zeman might field. They'd get relegated immediately, especially in considering how tactical Serie A is, but they'd be a lot of fun to watch.\nAlso, can Kjear and Glik play in a three-man defence? RCB and LCB are not the same as a regular CB.
Inter caralho
Ma che partita ha fatto Crotone? Non merita la sua posizione nella classifica, ne del Benevento
Solito ci lo inter
Ci stava un botto il pareggio 2-2/ 1-1
Solita Inter fortunata
Solita inter ladrona
Buena Cancion🎶🎵
Para Shakira no pasan los años ... :)
Soy dominicana!!!!
Eres un bomba Shakira al igual q Nicky Jam..\nFelicidades x vuestro tema.😉😘
like si piensas que shakira es mas linda con pelo rojo
It's great song
Why there is girls as Cellos 😌😂
A wonderful song my girlfriend I wish you a happy life
Everyone is now featuring a reggaetonero in their videos cus they like that dembow beat!!!!! 🤘🏼
😎🎧😊 I Love It <3 💽🎛💽🎚 from🇮🇹❤💋
Me enamoré 😍 Nicky el mejor !!!
💝💝💜💜PERFECCION 💛💛💚💚💙💙💙💗💗💗💋💋💘💘👣👣👀👀❤💓💖💖💖💞💝💝💝💖💖💕💕💝💝💜💜💜💜💛💚💙💙💙💚💛💜💛💚💙💋💋💘❤💓💓💓💓❤
She looks amaiziiiiing 😍
Beautiful song !♥♥
Te amo
I love this
wooow Shakira .. u make sth... perfect perfect perfect....
o fuj
L'Europa ama esta cançion ❤
#FuerzaMexico
yep still hot
Amazing ...love love you...
pinche shakira bailas bien sensual😂😈
:)
Yes 👑 Queen......💚💛💜
Magnifico!
shakira amtes eras chevere :v
http://kimechanic.com/1STA :3
Ecuador te ama!
Like me all
y hermosa y cantas super lindo
Escuchen -PERROS- de Paulina Rubio
Bsjshs
https://youtu.be/41s6cPBO55I
Super
👏👏✌👌👍
Gerard Piqué tem ciume  hehehe
https://soundcloud.com/emerson-osorio-182107109  🔥 🔥 REMERSON CLICK HERE! NOW!
Ussas bots puta mierda ven aqui y te meto la pinga
Top beat
Ahahahah is my new favorito song
El el min 0:01 los instrumentos son presonas
Q linda! Se nota q es la cantante mas versatil y como ella ninguna
Shakira siempre hermosa😍 Amo el video y su baile❤
A mi me encanto la canción la letra el ritmo súper buena perooo me decepciono totalmente el video 😟 esperaba algo mejor 👎
ME ENCANTO!!!!!!!!!!\nBuena cancion y buen video💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
Con su cabello oscuro se ve hermosa me trae recuerdos de mi shaki favorita de ciega sorda muda 😢😍
Like si la olles todos los dias
Mirá que tengo una canción tengo un tema para ti pela avía un pelado con cáncer me ablo y se murió de cáncer tremendo tema pelado con canser
por favor shakira ya cambia d baile el mismo en todos los videos q haces x dios mismo movimientos roboticos......cancion mas pura mierda igual q el bailado d shakira
Porque a shakira siempre le dan ataques en los videos??\n<3
AQUÍ EN MILANO ITALIA :) LA ESPERAMOS CON SU TOUR'EL DORADO* ESTE  03 DE DICIEMBRE 😉🎻🎼🎶🎵🎤...✈✈🎵🎤🎶
Está canción mueve todo mi cuerpo es la mejor. va para mi😜
Tu me confundes y yo no sé qué hacer ' 😎😎😂😂
definitivamente ni hay dupla mala con niki jam alfrente yo si decia que este tipo triunfaba por que triunfaba es que era imposible que el unico regaetonero que tiene voz no fuese a triunfar.
esa canción me encanta  pero con ese tipo que se hace llamar cantante se la daña
Like sí crees que shakira no tiene tantas tetas pero sí un culote
Que verga, como esto tiene tantas visitas
shakira, love you so much. But, fue un video muy esperado y es de muy mala calidad...\n\nPienso que tienes que volver para aqui a los Estados Unidos para que vuelvas a tomar o retomar la calidad de sus videos. Barcelona no es un lugar para hacer musica...hacer musica es propio de Miami o NYC...Definitivamente tienes que volver para estas tierras donde te exigen demasiado por la calidad y por la gran competencia que hay en U.S. y cambia de director musical o de videos...\nSabemos que tienes hijos y esposo, y que tu tiempo es mas limitado. Por eso debes entregarte con mas concentracion y calidad en tus proyectos. Te cuento que no puedes darte el lujo de la mediocridad porque hoy en dia te ve el planeta entero y debe haber concordancia con el contenido y con la imagen o video. Acuerdate de esto siempre: Una idea, una imagen, un sentimiento. \nNo hagas las cosas por hacerlas sino por su vocacion natural musical....Tu album tienes unas canciones super bellas, realmente una obra musical como lo son: Amarillo, Nada, Toneladas, Deja Vu, Comme Moi, and when a woman. Pero sus videos deben estar a una altura universal....\n\nTu no tienes derecho a ser superficial o mediocre, Por que? porque el planeta entero espera mas de ti, y te exige mas, y tambien porque de ti dependen miles de niños por alimentar en paises en via de desarrollo.  Y el planeta entero espera un buen disco y un todo fabuloso para el Proximo Mundial....\n\nEscoge y trabaja con los mejores musicos o personas de la musica del mundo, tu te lo mereces....\n\nDeja a Pique con el balon y Tu a la musica, y asi cada uno a sus zapatos= Zapatero a tus zapatos....
Lo único rescatable del video fue volver a ver a Shak pelirroja 😍😍😍
T-T extraño a la shakira de antes, ahora solo son puras colaboraciones de reggaeton ( si ne gusta el Reggaeton) pero la esencia de shakira era otra PD: buena canción :D
cuando fue tu cambio?? escuchaba MOSCAS EN LA CASA, como cambiaste!!! :(
porque últimamente Shakira en todos los videos baila igual.😔😴
ADICTIVA (^_-)
pera
👌👌👌💜😍
Linda! ♥♥♥
😃😃😃😃
aaaa
Vamos shakifan esta bajando tendencia comenten:\n#perrofiel\n#shakira\n#perrofieloficial\n\nA subir de nuevo!
Me dieron ganas de ver Rabiosa
Temazo\nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=p3rUjW2k1Wc&index=47&list=PL5l9eEURzWKjFsuHnjUXXsoary9BTQudQ
Love from India😘
Likes si los perritos son bonitos 🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐩🐕
Esta cansion es igual que mi relacion la mera verdad 😄eso me dice mi novia XD
like pon los dos
Like si crees que Shakira vas a dejar a piqué por mí, 😍😘😙
que era una canción muy buena. realmente lo disfruté. Y todos ustedes saben que el baile está en el punto cuando ven los videos de Shakira pero de todos modos impresionante pista bebé\nAnd in English the song was actually pretty good and her dancing is always on point. Hot video
shakira jamas pasara de moda?\nque barbara:-)
Estamos en 2017 y Shakira siempre baila igual. Es tan aburrido como baila Shakira, que ya no tiene gracia, y esta tan vieja. El video esta de la patada. No me gusta esta cancion. Que feos estan los dos! Esta mil veces mejor Jennifer Lopez.
hola espero te encuentres bien.. te invito a escuchar mi primer sencillo soy ronnie y me encantaría contar con tu apoyo.. no tengo el apoyo de una disquera.. pero quisiera mostrar mi música al mundo espero te guste un abrazo gigante y que Dios t bendiga Suscríbete
Hola gente todavia se estan realizando rescates para salvar vidas humanas por el reciente sismo del 19 de sep 2017 de la ciudad de Mexico los necesitamos no le hagan caso a Televisa los quieren distraer para que no vayan a ayudar pero Mexico los necesita!
4.96M diarios, así empezo 'Chantaje' seguro subiremos muy pronto, está canción supera a todos los sencillos de el dorado
Que en la calle sea un príncipe ,pero qué en mi cama un salvaje peligroso 💕♪
Muy buena canción Shakira y nicky jam 😉😎
Merece estar en él #1 me encanta 😍😘
Siento mucho la espera pero valdrá la pena cuando te esté besando 😢💕💕💕
Una de las latinas mas bellas sin duda!! 😘 Orgullo Latino, esta canción esta subtitulada en inglés también, ahora a los gringos les gusta mas nuestra musica latina jajajjajja cuando antes era al revés, nosotros traducíamos sus canciones al español.
31.3 Vamos Por Los 20 #Certificados
Yo tengo un perro de esos si asies es un Huski siberiano y es ambra y es un perro fiel🐶
ya vieron a shak cantando ZOMBIE de cramberrys en su karaoke carpol ??? kien la kiere ver haciendo eso en concierto...??? yoooooooo love it... yo lo que quiero es pasarla biennnn
#FuerzaMexico
Aburriiiiiiiidoooooo! Danza repetitiva. Shakira se ah estancado.
Shakira no me gusta como te queda el rojo de pelo
No están buena como la de Wisin y Yandel como antes🎚️🎼🎧
#Fuerza mexico
Tipico se estreno el videoclip de lonely togheter que es mejor que esta mejor que esta mierda de música pero en mi país lo ponen en tendencia perro fiel.
Y yo que pensaba que perro fiel también llegaría a los 1000 millones en tiempo récord. 😓
Shakira me gustaría que hicieras una canción con bad bunny
Hi I am Amyas Amyas this is my Facebook ID Awww, real name Sayma Sultana Bubly, Nike name Bubly
...if Adalaide Byrd was there, she'd have given the fight to AJ Carter somehow...
Fuck me, he went down quicker than Khan's missus on AJ.
I understand they want to build up boxers confidence against weak opposition but why the fuck are they putting fights against factory workers and cab drivers on fucking telly
dubois needs to step up in opposition for his opponents sake.
118-110 in favour of Carter
Bad call from the ref. Should have called it at the 2nd knock down
Good lad. He looked genuinely worried about his opponent after the KO
DD is gonna dominate in the future!! 👊🏻👏👏👏
I counted 22 punches thrown by the victor. Am I right?
Mad respect for the coach
BEAST !
This was my first ever boxing match, sat close to the ring, wasn't expecting to see someone pulverised within 60 seconds
He's only 20 incredible
Second knock down he was clearly unfit to carry on bad call ref
Wow what a talent..needs to be looked after..
This is the new Mike Tyson trust me
Shouldn't of been in there
why put him in the ring against such weak opponents... mike tyson was world heavyweight champion at his age.... they will never get a shot with bullshit promotors like frank warren
I love this kid! Defo would lead in the boxing ting! Only 19 or turned 20 ! Hella young
id get KO'd for a pay day too carter its all good
giving a fuck about the person lying k.o'ed on the floor potentially seriously injured just means you're not a psychopath and not much else, just saying
This man here takeing alot people out aj Joshua will get it promise ye
Ref shoulda stopped it after the second knockdown - something horrible about refs letting fighters get knocked unconscious unnecessarily...
DB needs to be fighting in the mortal kombat tournament with liu kang and sub zero not fighting in a boxing ring
is the Referee not fired yet?
Has some solid power but as always, knocking down weaker opposition doesnt really give me an idea of how he is going to be. Against menudo he was rocked in the first round, so I want to see him take some shots against live opposition before making a call. I wish him all the best though, seems like a nice lad and still got tonnes of time to develop.
Beast! Will be champ one day for sure.
Uk boxers are on a lead
No disrespect to carter but I have seen a few of his fights and he's an awful fighter, DD is to stiff, going no were
Didn't realise that guy is British.
put this guy againts failweather :D
Dubois got real heavy hands.
Chin meet TRUCK!!!!
Uk's Sonny Liston 🤔
definitely a future champ
happy bday aj
Well done for trending!
Newcomer.
Dangerous fight
This boy could genuinely give AJ some problems in a couple of years time! 🙂👍
Let me guess, stepping up the hype against nobody's, if he's that good put him in with someone worthwhile.
Hearn won't be letting this guy anywhere near Joshua's dodgy chin.
Rumour has it that Dubious banged out Joshua in sparring
he will destroy joshua.. :)
Lol.. stepped into the ring.. looked at the opponent.. didn't understand what happened next.. went to bed... Zzzzzzz..( the movie was so boring that I opted to sleep instead)
You do not belong in the U.K any longer
Steroids
Ref was a scumbag for allowing it to continue after the second KD. He was on jelly legs. \n\nMismatches like this and incompetent refs like this will eventually result in an over matched opponent being killed with one shot in the ring.
Bejay looking dapper af with his stylish suit, working hard, making connections, and making things happen at such at such a young age. What an *iconic* man. I have a feeling I am going to love this series.
Love the concept of this new series. I need new inspiration. Well done guys X
do u know any archaeologists ? i would love to hear about their job
What a fantastic idea this is, I can't wait to see where you take it. Bejay was a pleasure to listen to. Would you consider, maybe, releasing this as a podcast as well?
I LOVE Lucy for exposing the yt world to a wider variety of people especially a black male who aren't always represented on this platform - so nice not having to see two middle class people talk about makeup\nYa done good girl x
Whoop love me some representation
Omg what is this?!! I fucking love it 😍 super interesting #yeslucy #golucy
Bejay has such a calming voice
This was really fun to shoot - thank you for having me on Lucy :)
How he just brushed over how you and Hannah met!
As a person who doesn't listen to podcasts all that much, this is super interesting.\n\nAlthough, the auto-focus kept focusing on the background which got kinda distracting from time to time. Sooo, take that as you will.\n\nI'm looking forward to more of your Sunday Socials!
When you are so bored then lucy uploads (woo 😂😂❤)
can you please do one with an immigrant? preferably not white. thanks!
New drinking game - every time Lucy says 100%
It would be cool if you could bring some people you studied with in uni and tap into the more academic side!
would there be any chance you could upload the audio somewhere as a podcast?? id love to listen to this on the bus to sixth form!! xx
Omg this is so great already- can't wait for the next Sunday social !!!
Really enjoyed this. I find it so great to hear from people with like a different life and different perspectives in life.
I love this so much!! Can't wait to see where you're going to take it
I rate Lucy moon and I'm a chav from London
You need a better microphone the volume is very low because the microphone is a long way away
what a great conversation! i can't wait for the series lucy !
i could listen to his voice all day
For a young person trying to make it in some sort of creative industry I find this really interesting looking forward to other videos in this series
I love this !! Excited to see who you chat to next
YES IM EXCITED FOR THIS SERIES\nthis is so so gooooooood also love the positivity you are bringing\ni just love listening to long chats\nalso does anyone know what mic lucy uses?
Found this so interesting and enjoyable, i really love this concept already (plus it's great to watch whilst doing art coursework would recommend)
Please don´t be discouraged by my watch time. I´ll return and watch it till the end. :D The series is going to be lovely, but what about some music?
This is really good Lucy, thank you!
could you do a video on what to gain the confidence to start creating stuff, like a blog or a youtube channel pls? overtime i watch you i'm inspired to share my opinions and create something publicly but i'm scared and don't even know where to start and how do you deal with the people in your life's opinions or judgements on it.
I love this - Lucy's changing the world on vid at a time
I love this video I cant wait for more of them, hopefully!
this is so great and refreshing, can't wait for the next episode!
Am i the only one that thinks the sound is bad?
loved this, I found it really empowering, aspiring and super Interesting. Definitely helped with the motivation boost I needed!
People in publishing??! Xx
This video wasn't in my sub box for at least four hours.
Really interesting chat. Great to have a high-powered guest.
I really enjoyed this Lucy ❤️❤️
I'm so excited about this new series!
Great video! Your videos are so original and interesting!
i thought it would be great if you have a podcast, i love when you're talking about some issues or anything randomly like I'm attending Lucy's-mayor, i don't know your way of thinking kind of addicting.. 😂🙌 #golucy 
I'm glad you're doing this!
long Videos from Lucy yas I am SO happy
This is so interesting for those of us trying to pursue a creative career! Bejay was a sick starting point too, dead keen for the rest of the series x
This is a bit of a breath of fresh air on youtube, not that I don't love the rest of it! However it is nice to have something that inspires you to go do something, and that great things are achievable - not just watch youtubers do them. So thanks Lucy and Bejay :)
really enjoyed this video!! i think this is an awesome idea for a video series :D
Lucy I love these videos so much and I've missed something like this on YouTube! I'm really looking forward to the rest of the series, this was fab!
This is a great idea for a series 🙌
Love it, more please
I've been watching your channel for a few years now and you have undergone so many changes online. I love being able to see you grow and change and understand yourself in a new and deeper way. This video feels like a turning point. It feels much more adult and combined with your blog, I feel like you are establishing your brand online in a very interesting way. I can't wait to see where you go from here!
all lat of people say Aslıhan you look like Lucy Moon very very very very much.I love you Lucy.If you want look me you can look my instagram my instagrama name-aslhansubasi and I will be very vert very happy
I got so excited when I realized you were sitting next to Bejay!
This is fantastic! I love getting he chance to see conversations which make you think and yet are so genuine and fluent. I can't wait for the next episode!
Loving the new series! So excited for more episodes!!
I'm so excited for this series!! the whole young professional, almost casual journalistic persona really really suits you and your channel Lucy it's so cool
The audio was kinda quiet or was it just me?
I kept refreshing my subscription page waiting for this thinking you hadn't make it public yet, but it turns out it isn't showing on my page. Just thought I'd let you know!!
GREAT VIDEO LUCY!! Keep up the great content 👏🏾👏🏾💜🖤 Looking  forward to seeing more of this series. Xx
I love this and i'm READY for this series!!!
why is he so handsome
I love this! I've been searching for a podcast series I can listen to when I'm winding down, so perf lucy
Omg such a good video! Loved it ❤️
Love this video! constantly trying to make words out of the fridge magnets in the background. Also love bejays fashion
Sounds like a gazette i love THIS
God I love hearing what's on your mind and getting a glimpse into the lives of those you get inspired from/find interest in
Excited about this series
So pumped for this series!! <33 luv u
I loved this concept of series, definitely very accessible and interesting!! keen to see who else you'll bring on
I had to pause this video after 2 minutes just to comment on how amazingly crisp the audio is. I love it, and it is very much appreciated!! I am constantly turning up/ lowering the volume on other videos and podcasts, but the audio in this video is soooo good! 👌🏽 just wanted to comment on that :)
The aesthetic of your kitchen. I love your kitchen so much. This is very interesting. I'm excited for any future episodes.
I can already tell I am going to love this series!! Admittedly I'm watching this instead of doing work, self management has never been my strong point
Lucy I can honestly say your content has never disappointed. And this, this is just wonderful!!
Lucy's voice is so soothing it's weird 😩
Ahh I can already tell 5 minutes in, this is gonna be a amaze series!
Love this, love you. Can't wait for more from this series xox
I thoroughly enjoyed this Lucy. Loving the podcast vibe and how in depth you get in conversation. Bejay comes off as such a cool due! Really looking forward to what's in store for the rest of the series. Thanks for sharing, much love 💜 x
This is such a great series and you picked the finest first guest! He is so great and Im not gonna lie pretty handsome
Lucy, this is incredible!! I absolutely loved this episode and I'm so happy for you for creating this series. so much love for this and you, thank you so much ❤❤❤
a fly or a drill
I sometimes wanna stand up a work and shout \n\nI CAME FROM INNER CITY LONDON , WENT TO AN AWFUL SCHOOL AND  ENDED UP GETTING A LEVELS AND A FIRST CLASS MATHS DEGREE AND WORKING IN A NICE OFFICE JOB WITH YOU FAR MORE PRIVILEGED PEOPLE. PLEZ CONGRATULATE ME ON MY HARD WORK AND ACKNOWLEDGE PROBABLY HOW MUCH MORE DIFFICULT IT WAS TO ACHIEVE THE SAME AS YOU. THANKS *sits and continues typing*
drink everytime lucy says 100%
Love this section
love this
Love love this concept. 💕
Really insightful video
yess I love this!
love the podcast vibes
this is soooo coool !!!
get willne on 😂
Your literally so beautiful 😍 😊
Loved this video!
What a brilliant series!!! I love it! <3
Amazing video idea and i ready enjoy watching this video!
i have to request you do something about the sound quality of your videos. they are always a tad too low compared to other videos on YouTube , at least the ones in the kitchen because you are further away
This is the best thing to just let it play while I work and get some creative energy off :) mad props for a great new format!
A teen/ early 20s author
It would be so good if you could do a video with The Slumflower!
I just can't get over his name
I would love a Sunday Social video of you and Nathan Zed !! :)
Paulinho 👏👏👏
MSN is not there anymore 😢😢😢😭
Messi will always be Messi no matter wat..thanks for the pass
http://www.ermail.com/klik/UHJQamcM\nHey Guys check on this link and have fun.  Great to enjoy.  Have fun and earn and good game too.
Please, next time don't put final score on the title. Thank you
Eu sei que ninguém vai entender, mas vamo lá Paulinho
Dembele is out for half the season 4-5 months
how can barca be this bad?? it doesn't make any sense...
Glory supports are real in these comments thinking they know shit stfu 10 year olds
Spanish people are fucking retarded, look how their commentators sound
Predict sound credibility born obviously international orange freeze gate even.
Why is pique still in the squad? He's just getting older and horrible as a defender. Time to drop him asap
That freekick by messi was so good and the goalkeeper managed to make a world class save. The curve was perfect, what a save from the goalkeeper.
Gaku Shibasaki👍\nProud of him being Japanese🇯🇵
pliz dont discuss signings... its over now ,more over d coach know how to use them n at what position ..juz enjoy barca ...d beauty of football....gr8 goals nyways
What a goal by the Japanese dude!! And what a save on Messi's free kick!
Barcelona's defend is fantastic with umtiti and semedo
Pique was terrible in this game
Who else want semedo in starting eleven like
Remember these are the sort of games barca lost or drew last season which cost them la liga. So a brilliant start.
If you say goal again i hope your mother dies of cancer
He is strong.. He can be a false number 9😐
Is Barcelona become AS Roma??? jk
The Getafe goal was from Mars .
WE THE FANS OF BARCELONA, castigated PAULINHO....why? I mean seriously PAULINHO .....he is coming to D GREAT BARCELONA....NO PLZ ...but when he arrived to d great Barcelona,  MY Realmadrid, MU, Chelsea  fans  made fun of me and they used to say this is the level of barcelona ......What I replied them...wait and watch bcoz we are just fans and don't know the capability of other players who played in different countries and with different clubs....SCOUTS R THERE....and they brought him to D GREAT BARCELONA......IT MEANS, SOMETHING IS THERE........AND NOW important 3 PTS, due to this 3 pts, last  year we lost laliga .....
Where are the fouls done on suarez which shd have been penalties
La Liga stadiums always seem to have empty seats lol.
FC Roma xD? 3rd kit is similar to roma no?
Asian football is improving, Japan has a very strong national side so does Iran! And China is starting to get on the right track as they are spending billions on the football not only buying big names from abroad but also on its youth program! I see China to top Asia in the next two decades time! They will have a very bright future
A clear penalty for getafe and a red card for pique but as always UEFAlona gets away with it
Neymar one of the best player out off the team but messi is wonderful
This team is nothing. They might as well trade Suarez and Messi.
5:03 lol, look at Jordi Alba getting on his knees! It´s been a while since Leo shot a freekick like that.
നെയ്മർ ഇല്ലങ്കിൽ നമ്മൾ ജയികും
Ter Stegen again & again. Making same mistake like he did last time vs Real Madrid. He should learn to stay at goalpost to widened the distance & increase the chance to block long shoot. If he doesn't learn this, sooner or later he will end up being burden to the team again. Neuer, Navas & Buffon have better knowledge on this
He scored 1 goal wtf why is everyone bumming him now
Sorry for doubting You Goatlinho....
Dembele is the new Odegaard.
NOOOO WHY DEMBOUZ?😢❤
Vai Corinthians Paulinho
เปาลินโญ่ สุดยอดมากครับ
Paulinho = Vai CORINTHIANS.
Lord Paulinho scored!!!
This is cool
messi did a good shot 😵😵
Dembelé  120 kilos ,   JA JA JA JA JA
Where is messi goal? Oh wait....
Wow barcea
good
Dont forget about denis
the  outro is awesome
Paulinho beastly supersub.
suarez needs to be benched small
noooogggggggooooaaaalllllll😆l
Viva Barcelona 😍😍😍
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!
Denis Suarez 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🤗🤗
JERCY IS BAD
日本人 いたらぐー
Messi
#BartomeuOut
barca lose yeyyyy
Boom Boom paulinho,Denis Suarez
2:02  ???   :DDD
Shibazaki, mi único héroe en este lío
Dembele hahahah make me laugh so bad for 150 million hahahah
Эу сучара
Barca Barcccaaaaa!!!!
Where is Nelson Semedo?🙁
Apik kaose kang
Getafe really strong team
gaku shibasaki he is interegent!!!!
Paulinho👏👏💪💪💪. followme en My instagram👉 Zoe_j.j
Força Barza
18+ https://youtu.be/_9tinaCV5kI
best goalkeper
1:43 pique como perrito jajajja
vamos barca,vamos
ローマいじり多いなw
Paulinho like TANK or BULLDOZER 9:07
Pauline o 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Paulinho The BEAST
XVIDEOS -----> GETAFE. YOU WON'T BELIEVE 👌👏👏👏
Yes, Paulinho my BOOOOY!!!
Paulinho!🔥
Paulinho 🐂🐂🐂🐂💪💪💪💪
Paulinho body balance =  99
la mejor liga del mundo JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA.......... la liga más dispareja del mundo diría yo
Nacer brasileño es nacer con el futbol en las venas cuando no aparece el mejor del mundo LEO o SUAREZ MORDELON aparece otro mostro como  paulinho dejen que agarre ritmo para que lo vean crecer \nLastimosamente se lesiono Ousmane Dembélé pronta recuperación
No se porque pero este nuevo  AS ROMA no me gusta!
Cabrones enseñen el penalti a Suarez que no pitó el arbitro
Dios mío!!!!! El estadio del Getafe lleno!!!!! The end is near!!!! Pedid un deseo!!!!!!
2:24 fuera de juego no pitado que no cuesta un gol por muy poco. Pero no pasa nada que es contra el Barça, así que 0 repeticiones, ni se comentó. Todo OK
Está para gol del año el del año el de getafe
sigo pensando que paulinho no vale eso :/
Cual es el nombre de los narradores
Pauliño marco, porque al defensor de Getafe le falta experiencia. Prácticamente lo dejo avanzar. Aunque le voy al Barcelona, reconozco las cosas como son. JUGARON MAL, El equipo no se acopla.  Este año no hay liga, ni copa, ni nada para el Barcelona. Este año solo Fichajes POPULISTAS, pero NINGÚN planteamiento serio. Jugadores MALOS. Mas de expectativas que de resultados!  Los buenos jugadores demuestran quien son, estén donde estén. Y ese grupito para mi no tiene nada especial de nada.
My dumbass thought Barca were Roma
Pigue nie bzyknął Shakiry przed meczem bo to jaki ten chłop gra ostatnio piach to masakra:/ Potrzebny stoper od zaraz
Paulinho gemius🏆🏆🏆
I have a few friends who still don't buy Bruce's legendary status. This clip and the one of The Stones a few years back inviting him up for Tumbling Dice oughta silence them. The Stones, Sir Mick and Sir Paul don't just ask anybody on to their stage. Bruce has earned his way there. Brooooooooce.\nOh btw, love me some Paul. Still rocking and killing it and looking like a happy kid doing it!! The best.
Paul always -- ALWAYS -- sings significantly better when he has a friendly foe sharing the mic with him.
Hey by the way I love this video so much and I love paul mccartney! ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤
Good to see Silvio Dante made it through the war with Brooklyn alright.
Seeing paul loving playing just as he did when he was young got me kinda choking up :')
Was an awesome show! So glad I was able to witness it in person! Paul, Bruce and Little Steven greatness!
I know it's the Bruce thing, but I hate how when they yell Bruceeee it sounds like boo. That always bothered me. lol
You can tell Paul's drummer can't believe he's playing on the same stage with Bruce
Rolling Stone has posted your video FYI  https://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/watch-mccartney-springsteen-play-i-saw-her-standing-there-w503567
I just got home from the Barclays concert tonight, I loved it so much I'm gonna go see him when he goes to Nassau, it was an unbelievable concert that I will never forget. I hope everyone who has seen him so far and is going to had or will have the best time of there lives like I did. God bless Sir Paul McCartney
Im so jealous! i wish I will have the chance to see them together singing that song!!
Hopefully more jams between Bruce and Paul as the tour progresses!
Along with Dylan, Young and Johnny Cash my all time hero. Long live The Boss
Holy shit. I would've lost my fucking mind if I was there.
The joy in Bruce's face to be back with a Beatle. Wonderful!
I saw her standing and texting on her phone there
Paul McCartney now 75. Hope I can still be around at that age. What an amazing guy.
Jim I need a copy of this show
ATTENTION!!!ATTENTION!!!ATTENTION!!!{BREAKING NEWS}\nHello guys, checkout some very very interesting information about Bruce Springsteen that everybody MUST know here http://bit.ly/2yg6zEZ
Best concert of my life! Thanks for posting!!!
I was there. Great videos Jim. Thank you.
The boss rocking a les paul like his ol' teenage self! Suits him well!
I was in London 2012, the concert he mentioned, when they first sang this song together
great performance
Beatles/Paul, and Bruce Springsteen, my top 2 favorite artists. If I had witnessed that live, I'd have been freaking out like there was no tomorrow. I think I'd die if I had the chance to see the two perform together.
Paul, Bruce, ..AND LITTLE STEVEN
Thank you.
I was there!
Thanks God
É ÓTIMO COMO CANTOR. ABRAÇO.
Stevie!!!
Me too
Did I hear people booing??? Why on earth would they do that??????
why the crowd are humming?
Is the crowd booing?
Thought he was dead.
Boo!!
the only thing I don't like about this is that Springsteen is faking it on guitar - you'd think he would learn the song and play along - it's only 5 chords
why the crowd are humming?
Why is this trending now lol
Blame the whitey right?
Why is this trending? But it's cool. One day I will be on trending
Why does every show about black people somehow have to mention how much they hate white people lmao
Season 2's finished, why is this trending now?
nice job youtube
damnnnn back at it again with the frank ocean stuff woohwooooh
Why the fuck is this trending,.? Hardly believable. YouTube is not even trying to hide the trending manipulation anymore.
white people complaining in the comment section.....don't worry be happy 😂
Liberals have lost their fucking minds, who on earth would want to watch this? A TV show about a black tranny?  I'm about to vomit
This is blackwashing. Why are there any white people in this?
◈ *Watch Now It (2017) Full Movie*\n\n*Available On* ►( https://plus.google.com/u/2/113336659556024018868/posts/PB964rvp8dt )◄
What's with the white people hating?
Shit tv show shit acting shit black people
I remember the first time I watched Issa it was on Awkward Black Girl i still watch it on youtube
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
My boy Anderson .Paak🔥🔥🔥
trending im not watching this trash
IT 2017 full movie\nhttp://kibuilder.com/2GUt
Anderson paak ayyy
Someone said this is the fresh breed of black privilege and embodies typical rich BLM members. I haven't seen it but that's what people telling me
Pure ideological propaganda
Where the white women at????
Not sure why I passed on this when it first premiered, but this show looks good.
See, I get it. Its an all black cast. That's okay. There should be variety for people to find a show that they find relatable...but in game of thrones, Rick and morty, breaking bad, Shows that mainly feature white people or white writers, at no point imply they 'hate black people' by having one of the characters do something or say something racist.\nSo why do we think its okay for shows like this to have an underlying hit at white people?
What song is that just after the minute mark
HBO is going downhill. A shame but every company has to peak at some point.
In real black relationships the man beats the women and then leaves her and the kids to somehow make it. So I'm not really buying the whole gimmick of class and good manners that this show is trying to portray the black community as having. Maybe add in a scene of a black man squealing 'WELL DO IT THEN NIGGA!!' at one of the women who then swings her handbag at him and gets savagely knocked out to the chorus of 'WORLDSTAR!'.................then I will tune in and watch.
What is songs?
I will sub to anyone who subs me when you are done comment done:)
Welcome to the Pre Match AFTV and Chill Refreshment Stand!\nWe have a wide range of snacks and beverages for all ages.\nPlease select your items in an orderly fashion and have your tickets ready at the door! Enjoy the show!!!\n🥃🍷🍸🍹🍺🍾☕️🌯🥗🍟🌮🥙🍔🌭🍕🍣🍱🍛🍦🍰🎂🍮🍭🍪🍩🍿🍫🍬
No coincidence that the first time arsenal have ever looked like not getting thumped by a big time is when ozil doesn't play. That was the most solid arsenal defensive/midfield performnce vs a big team in years. Deserved point for both teams. Arsenal barely created anything second half but considering they are away from home draw Fair result
Harvey Price long lost father
Sumfin had some bubble at the border an got in some barney wiv the rozzers coz he ain't got enuff bangers in is rocket for a week long stay so the home office told im to bugger orf up is own end
The best game Robbie went to this weekend was MK Dons nice to meet you mate.
I don't watch football. But this guy sounds important.
Robbie's got the sniffles
Is that the M1 just north of Dunstable you're driving on?
Another 2-1 prediction from Robbie. If his predictions had all come true Arsenal would be on a winning streak going back years and years.
15-0 South Africa in the 12th inning of the second round. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nNailed it.
come then you muppets, its dead innit, all the critics dashed
Notice how he's such a slow driver that he never drives past another car but he is always being overtaken
Robbie looks like a black version of sloth from the Goonies
My boys, chelsea fc keeping it real, unlucky on your win
How was your entertaining draw?\nhttps://www.google.de/amp/s/talksport.com/football/listen-arsenal-fan-praises-fantastic-cologne-supporters-i-wish-gunners-fans-were%3famp
As usual just lately it will depend upon which arsenal team shows up ,we have proven we can beat them!!!!!!!!!!!...but ill settle for a point,
you can only be dreaming imagining a Chelsea defeat. home and better. in all level.
My brother said if arsenal wins he will swim in the River Don 😂
he only got up for the match for the views
Bit dangerous doing this while driving? Need to show respect to other road users
we are in big trouble!!!! our formation means fabby will be a free man in midfield
he has alexis on the bench like wtf... iwobi is starting
how can you not love Robbie? i aint even a arsenal fan but i just love him troopz+DT true passionate fans
You cant miss this game ? ?  I dont understand what is so special about getting humiliated .
I guarantee if Chelsea win this video will be deleted
first,the line up has to be on point and second,they have to be up for it
GOO ARSENAL , WE CAN DO THIS
Shame Sanchez is not starting but still a great lineup got Kolasinac powering down the wing he will cause trouble, then we can bring Sanchez on later to finish them #COYG
they dont have there best two players on the pitch. Wtf wenger
The small pitch doesn't suit arsenal
i feel like everyone thinks Chelsea is gonna win then arsenal gonna win and people gonna be shocked.people gonna cheer when they thought arsenal was gonna win wtf
If he start the right team we are going to be a victor trust Lacazzette  will score alongside Alexis.
Robbie, I feel sorry for you because we're not going to do this \n\nFor all the reasons you listed I predict....\nChelsea 4\nArsenal 1
We are going to win with 0:6💪💪💪
Dude I'm waiting for your post match cries 😂😂
4-1 Chelsea, Xhaka red card. Sorry but we're terrible like that. Wenger will of course blame the ref etc.
Robbie is ill..they gonna bottle it again..im a goonner but it's the reality
imagine sitting next to him for a plane journey
how is this on trending 😂😂
As soon as I heard Ozil was not playing I knew we had a chance. For once we had 11 v 11 from the start in a big game.
0-0 not bad....\n\nChelsea are shite this year...
Come on AFC beat CFC today! For Man City
Arsenal should be 3-0 up at half time, Chelsea playing for a draw against their biggest rivals yet again
Arsenal don't stand a chance
We played second team against Cologne ??? \nWhat match was i watching LOL\nwe played our first team in europa Robbie.. Only ozil ,ramsay and laca didn't play.. (Xhaka being there not being there doesn't really make any difference)
Draw would be a good result for us but i hope we would win it
Robbie's comments...,I can only say I wish,lets have Laca,Sanchez and Ozil all on and on fire. then maybe  Robbie will be right
0-0chelsea/arsenal\nif I get it right you need to sub to my channel
1 sniff 2 sniff 3 sniff
you wish.
jesus christ thats one ugly mug
0-0
Arsene wenger out
0-0
Ur predictions are always 2-1
0-0
behold my voodoo powers
another great super sundie\n😪😪😪😪
looking good so far
2-2 Arsenal
Winning the PL!?Hahaha
5-0
What happened to ozil
3-4-3 again :(
Alexis benched! Awful
0—2 arsenal
6-0 come on blues #ktbffh
Don't sniff the coke!
Arsenal are shit
5 nil chelsea
Get well soon Robby..
why is Lacazett on the flanks??\nAgain where the hell is Mertersecker?????\nThis is the formation tiday\nxxxxxxxxxxxCechxxxxxx\nMonrealxxxMustafixxxKoscielny\nKolasnic Xhaka Ramsey Bellerin\nLacazette Welbeck Iwobi
FITE PASHUN DESIYAH
6-0 chelsea
Come Arsenal On Beat Chelsea
Alexis and Özil arnt started
COYG!
come on arsenal
Man City💯💙💙💙
3-3
good luck lads 1-3
Deluded twat!
Robbie cruising in the bugatti
Come on arsenal 2-1 arsenal 🙏🏻🙏🏻⚽️⚽️
5-0 Arsenal. Mark. My. Words.
Lol this is on trending
Ugly fat BALD
#17 on trending 🔴🔴🔴🔴
*1 sniff* *2 sniff* *3 sniff* *4 sniff* *5 sniff*
Robbie speeding and dah
69-0 Arsenal
3-1 Chelsea... again
Chelsea 3-1 Woolwich Arsenal
1-1 arsenal
Get this shit off trending now
Why you always on trending 😂😂
Have to give Arsenal credit today they were solid all day but poor in the final 3rd #MUFC
Good game. Everyone played well apart from iwobi!  He looked lost and just looked lazy.Even ramesy played well
HAHAHAHAHA TRIFFIC RESULT FOR SPURS
COYGGGG....SHOW SOME FIGHT! We have to make sure were not exposed at the back, like we were against Liverpool.
Can you just buy these skins with cash or do you have to spend 100 dollars getting chests to get shards to unlock them?
Please can you let me buy skins with my money again. Hardly any skins are buyable using diamonds, which is so stupid. I WANT TO GIVE YOU MONEY!
Pls make more genji skins im sick of playing with the same skins over and over again
I need dva the destroyer
Im not sure if this dva skin is more Diablo or more Starcraft like.
As usual HOTS skins are better than the actual OW skins
You should add these to overwatch
they should change the name to Money grab of the storm.
oh yeah, more legendary duplicates! Can't wait.
those recolors are going to pollute the lootbox pool again....
They missed the chance to call D.Va the Destroyer as D.VaBlo.
With and the Volskaya map I was hoping to see a Soldier 76 skin for Raynor. Sigh, sooner or later ...
Finally see some Cassia love and it's just a simple re colour. GIVE ME SOMETHING TO WORK WITH!!
Make the Captain Amari skin WITH a younger voice of Ana. That will sell crazy!
Still waiting for the Apects, Blizzard! (Especially my bae, Alexstrasza)
Except for Ana itself and D.Va Destroyer skin, nothing special. Also those cutie sprays are interesting. But no more.
Maybe add a surrender and I might come back.
They should change the sound when D.VA jump!!! for a new skin!
The zerg skins are the best...Butcherlisk, and now anubalisk! They should bring out a zerg dehaka......
great skins but i still kinda wish taht the other heroes got some new ones *cough* greymane *cough*
The artists and designers of the Heroes of the Storm team responsible for making those skins (and color palettes) are WAY better than the guys working on the Overwatch skins. Why can't we get those skins, or similar ones like that for the Overwatch heroes in the actual Overwatch game?
blizzard i want the rock 'n' roll racing larry announcer! would pay top dollar for it! ;-) pls do it!
that skin on 0:16 would fit destiny perfectly *call you in Guardian*
way too much overwatch stuff, dva has more skins then heroes that have been in since the beginning. wtf.
I still think tracers master skin looks like a todler's air plain/space shuttle costume.
what about new skins for Greymane
Comandant Varian :D NICE JOB
vladimir varaynmirovich putrynn!! for mother russia!!
Is that widowmaker at 0:55 ?
D.va the Destroyer is my new waifu.
Can this dva skin PLEASE be added to overwatch, I'd pay for SO MANY LOOTBOXES!
1:36 Deathwing spray.  Because of D.va skin or teasing new hero?
Those pachimaris need to make their way back to OW.
I want purple rib bit Lucio c:
I wish Overwatch had as many skins as HOTS. Variety is fun.
well, rip deathwing as a hero but thats fine.\nits nice that they are releasing so much content and the blizzcon is 1 month away.
FINALLY a new Varian skin.
Blizzard is killing it. Riot went stagnant after taking a crack at Blizzard's mod game, DotA. Blizzard packs a ton of content in less than half the time Riot snuck in to get paid.
now that's 1 hot dva skin
Finally an Overwatch character that isn't hyper mobile
i am dissapointed the D.va of all people got the deathwing skin... but that might just be because i REALLY hate D.va from both lore and gameplay standpoint.
stop making all the best skins for a game no one wants to play
Please can you look to make some skins for otherwise over looked heroes like Guldan and Nazeebo.
you can smell the destiny 2 marketing from a mile away.
so they are not going to add the beautiful captain amari skin...
PLEASE BLIZZARD WE NEED THE OW SKINS ON OW! MAKE IT HAPPEN
Would be nice with young Ana skin.
So Blizzard, you 're straped for cash? Sure fair enough, here's some of our money.
The Pachimari sprays and Player Icons are the best things in this upcoming patch. Nothing can beat Pachimari.
Meanwhile I still cant bring myself to play this game anymore cause its been broken for 2 years now. Game runs flawlessly even on extreme settings but freezes for 2-3secs every minute making it totally unplayable and unenjoyable. Ive tried every fixes I found on the internet but in the end its Blizzturd who wont fix the mess they created. I used to play HOTS every day back in beta/early launch up until Skeleton king/Johanna release where an update broke the game and has turned it into a unplayable mess.
I just want a female Draenei as a playable character. :o
Nice, Arthas´s Invincible is finaly in the hots!
Well well, this fancy new D.Va skin has been obviously designed by Mei.
Still no greymane love, what a surprise
Would be so cool if we can have D.va Destroyer Skin for Overwatch aswell!
Aw, I was hoping for Junkrat to be released first.
D.Va is becoming the new Nova and Li Ming by receiving new skins and recolours every patch! xD
I need that Red Varian skin.
they need to add monster truck from rpm racing and it will be able to run oveer terrain and kill people
Can't wait for Ana, but rip Deathwing our lord and savior... D.va's skin is very nice though!
Sick now we need the Innkeeper!
Instead of pumping out alt avatars that only differ in color wouldn't it be easier to let the players pick the colors and styles of the hero they play?
Now lets see Fel-Tainted Ragnaros (green) and Cold-fire Ragnaros (Blue). Maybe even a tech-inspired skin for him as well. :)
y are the shrike recolors better than the normal one???
Kommadant Varian looks amazing
cool. :)
where is junkrat? :(
no captain amari skin, yikes
DEATHWING DVA LOL!!!!
i hoped junkrat first damm
Invisible horse...hollow man...HOLLOW HORSE.
That D.Va skin is hot fiyah
Wait Lucio is in Hots?
Prophet Velen! ;(
skins are very destiny-ish..subliminal advertising?
Awesome more recolors to dilute the reward pool!
come to brazil
RUSH B (c) Varian
0:57 if urgot got the dunkmaster darius skin\n\n\n\nwrong game
Killer music
Pedobear Varian
Pachi Pachi Pachi!
OW CANCER
min 1:36   Deathwing confirmed
1.Abathur skins plx !!!!!!
STILL WAITING ON ALARAK ANNOUNCER
still no greymane skins...sigh
Hots rules
Deathwing D.Va pretty sick though
hope deathwinf d.va has matching sounds
poor lunara got missed again
op op !!music name?
If Commandant Varian doesn't yell ''ANUUUU'' and/or ''CHEEKI BREEKI'' during parry then I'm uninstalling this game.
D.VA IS HOT!\n... Literally
Hey you guys got your Deathwing! Congrats Deathwing  fans!
1:55 starraptor?
Fel D.V.A!!
Wish list:  Imperius, Selendis, Anasterian.
Dommage que Varian est deux bouts de plastique au lieu des éclaires du trailer.
More Valeera skins yet GM hasn't gotten a new skins since the Iphone 6..
Jessie J is cool 👌
I'm absolutely loving the fact that Jessie J is finally embracing full R&B...
My fave singer is so back!!!
omg i love it. Love u <3
Really happy you are back
I thought she stopped making music bc of that confessions song
Am i the only one who's getting RiRi vibes?
3:12 ca which song does the melody remind me of? please help
The male backing vocal sounds like Ali Campbell!
Oh damn at 0:22 and ummm... 0:26 wow!!! letting it all hang out I see. This is true art at its finest though. You go Jessie with your fine @ss.
who the f**k is he? im rhyme 2+2!
register at marketagent.com using this at the field you where recomended by (refferal) : nicolaemeirosu@yahoo.ro payd online studyes
Well well!! About time!! And what a huge return!!! Your songs supported me when mostly needed without even know it lady and I am always honest!! DAAAAMMM you maked everyone shut up!! Well done Jessie J!! Well done!!!
Here are the lyrics: (If you're reading this, have a great day!!!)\n\n\n[Intro]\nMmm, yeah, yeah\n\n[Verse 1]\nI've carried this load for way too long\nI couldn't let you go, under a spell of don't, don't, don't\nEgo reaction, guess I was holding up face\nBy saving your ass, you spent my money and I lost their faith\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nI screamed Yes, you told me, Nah\nYou fed me fear, I spoke to God\nI was living my dreams through your eyes\nBuilding my life on your lies, yeah\n\n[Chorus]\nYou just laughed when I cried\nThink about that\nWho lives the real sacrifice?\nThink about that\nThink about that\nThink about\nThink about that, wow\n\n[Verse 2]\nAll you disturb is my work and my patience\nYears of grindin', you took it, you broke it and all 'cause you fake it\nYou wanna be famous, say it, you wanna be famous\nUsing my juice, was thirsty as fuck, always late, always faded\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nI screamed Yes, you told me, Nah\nYou fed me fear, I spoke to God\nI was living my dreams through your eyes\nBuilding my life on your lies, yeah\n\n[Chorus]\nYou just laughed when I cried\nThink about that\nWho lives the real sacrifice?\nThink about that\nThink about that\nThink about\nThink about that\nThink about that\nThink about that\n\n[Verse 3]\nThink about that time when you blamed me\nThink about that time when I called you up\nAnd I said I needed saving\nThink about that time when you said you cared\nYou were lying, tryna phaze me\nThink about that time when I got sick\nAnd you made me go on stage\nThink about that time when you used my fate\nTo stack up on your paper\nThink about that time you told my label lies, you said She's crazy\nThink about the fact they see it now\nYou're a shark, a cheat, a traitor (shark, a cheat, a traitor)\n\n[Chorus]\nThink about that\nThink about that\nThink about (hey)\nThink about it\nThink about it (oh, no)\nThink about that (yeah)\nThink about that
always loved her ..vocals on point :)
Plz come to Japan Jess😭🙏\nYour voice is awesome
Its unique and I love it..
Amazing! So hot and powerful!! <3 <3
Jessica , thank you for existing !!! I am proud to be an HEARTBEAT !!! Francis
YESSS SHE NEEDS TO STAY WITH THIS KIND OF VIBE
It's not a surprise that this song is about her record label. A lot of artists find themselves in similar situations. Sara Bareilles song Love Song is all about how her record label was going to drop her if she didn't put a love song on the record so that's what she came up with to appease them without writing them an actual love song. \n\nThen Katy Perry's song Dark Horse is all about her record label enslaving her too. Before she was famous she was tied into a deal and that company said, we can't release her music she doesn't match our image, but we can't let her go to another label otherwise she could be a big star! some employee at the first label risked her livelihood (job) and help get Katy Perry out of that deal. She was successful and Katy Perry became the big star we know today.\n\nThe Veronicas got trapped by Warner Brother's too. Then they weren't approving their music, and the girls fought like mad. Eventually they managed to become free from that deal and are now signed with Sony, but IDK if their situation is any better there. We only hear from them every so often.\n\nPeople like to think their dreams will come true if they sign a record deal. The truth is, that's the first step of a very long, hard, and difficult uphill battle.
Where have all the classy women gone? 😩
Already on of my favs , stripped back just a simple beat and her voice . Love the black and white vid , great visual and gorgeous
Ok, awesome lyrics, but  just another who needs to show her ass to move forward... Cheap...
Jessie J fan here, but something ain't right with the beat or the melody. You can't vibe to it.
WHO is she talking about in this?
Stop with the bad comments just because she shows parts of her body, come on...
I swear if Beyonce did the exact same song and video, this would be topping the charts and breaking records. Difference in the name. Jessie J deserves more.
Man this song is deep. Think about that?
Song was chill but her body was FIRE🔥
Damn JESSIE this is a lot to think about 🔥🔥🔥🔥👏🏾👏🏾❤️❤️❤️❤️
Baby came to slay not play
Somebody just got put on blast big time.
Actually very shocked. This is amazing
Finally!!! I had been waiting for a while now
Jessie J i see you
Beyonce's influence is taking over.
te amo <3 you is love :)
IF YOU CAN REALLY APPRECIATTE VOCAL TALENT,YOU WILL ALL KNOW WHY IVE RATED JESSIE AS MY NO 1 FEMALE VOCALIST,EVER ,!THIS TRACK & VID IS WHY I DO,!LISTEN CAREFULLY,ADE
I wanna be famous, then I could ask you out. Think about that...
Sorry but I hate it 😏
Think it's about time she came home to the uk and remember her fans before she was famous! A really under-rated artist! Come back to the roots girl, we miss you....
Love her she's awesome ❤❤❤❤
The symbolism in this video is insane
why its not hit ?
Jessie j did you save my ass
Jessie is finally making the music I always wished she would! <3
I love this song I acc can't stop listening to it 😍 Who agrees😍
Um... I love it? Omg this is amazing
She said it uuuuh 😍
Amazing woman. Talanted singer. Bighearted person.
PERFECT
💋💋
My girl Jessie doing it again. Yass mama
Jessie J - Think About That
So underated
well damn
Wow !!
awesome track!
this shit bang!
HA. QUEEN!
I Love! !!!!!
Jessie j and v. Bozman would make history
Wow 😍
OMG JESSIE J I LOVE U OMG AHH
These lyrics sound...uh...personal
RAINHAAA  COME TO BRAZIL ÉGUA
Wow...
Underrated AF...
Jessie J - Think About That
Lacraaaaa maaaiss divaaa
Copycat!!👀👀👀😝😝
🍑👀
👑
JESSIE, WHO HURT YOU??
Love u
🌹🌹🌹🌹
So fuck sexy
The vibes ❤️❤️❤️
awsome
Some Alicia Keys vibes 😻✨💜
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
3:12 ❤️
Thinking about that ass
I love Jessie J !!!
<3
She deserves GRAMMY.
Best plays yasuo
Wow bet you her bullies feel salty right now
Jessie J ❤️🙌🏻
I love it that she didn't have a boob job like most of the other female songers with smaller boobs. go girl 👧💕
reminds me so much of anne-marie 😍😍
She is so much better than this. Appreciate the honesty and rawness but it was possible to incoporate sounds with a better consistency and all the nakedness was not neccesary, she is hot and I am all about expressing sexuality with confidence but this time it deviates the intention of the lyrics. Charts will prove my point.
ANTI + LEMONADE + a tiny bit of MELODRAMA = THIS
Beyonce 2?
flop
edgy as fuck
Jessie j is so flat chested
*listens to lemonade once*
1.9M views ? WHY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love her voice !!
You re just perfect. I get chills when you say ''my heart can t rest till then'' 😻😻😻
I love that she manages to look good in a long Elvis t shirt and a blue cow boy boots
kacey musgraves was good too on this one 😊
So much better than the Original.
its fun putting your name in the songs.
I loved it so much!!!
she made her song sound like a song from the 70's in many parts of it!!
I love how she has the same band as she did 10 years ago
dont know why there saying its in the live lounge when it clearly isn't
Why is 2:55 - 3:05 the best drop of 2017???
The nostalgia 😭 my heart my soul
TOUR SET LIST for Miley Cyrus Younger now tour : \n\n1. Intro: Malibu & The Climb \n2. Younger Now \n3. Inspired \n4. Week Without you \n5. She's not him\n6. MC Classics ( Interlude: See you again, Start All Over, Breakout , 7 Things) \n7. I miss you \n8. Thinkin' \n9. Someone Else \n10. We Can't Stop \n11. Drive \n12. Maybe Your Right / The Driveway \n13. These Four Walls \n14. Can't Be Tamed \n15. Fly on the Wall \n16. Interlude: You'll  Always Find Your Way Back Home / The Best of Both Worlds  \n\n\nLike If you agree that this would be amazing to see. Comment down below for your suggestions. (this is just for fun)
I remember this damn song and album. It was a two disc, Meet Miley Cyrus in the back of Hannah Montana. I loved this song growing up.
She has no soul
I want to download this so bad please upload it somewhere without the BBC intro/outro!!!
this is sooo a good soung,  that i cant stop litsening in loops i like it  realy deepply
I guess she got the country thing over night? lol She's a good singer but I don't buy the mannerisms.  Just do it normal.
literally just completed my life
Please release this on iTunes
name of the blonde chorister?
'I like saying your name in songs' but whose name? 😱
Why even exist a dislike button for that song?! Oh god its so perfect n miley's voice... wow
this was my favorite song ten years ago and now it's better
Who else thought it was see you again with Charlie puth
Miley sounds and looks soooooo beautiful. So happy for her
WHATTT?? SHE IS SINGING THIS?!
She looks so much like her mum now.. Which isn't a bad thing
Dreams come true!! 😍 MY FAVE SONG OF HERS
I'm in love with this version omg
Please release it on Spotify.
This makes me so happy
She sigs quite well when she sings live
See You Again
I WANT MORE
Awesomeeee 😍😍😍😍🙌🙌🙌
OMG YES DIDNT EXPECTED THIS !!!!
Marry me Miley 😍😘😍
MY CHILDHOOD
I love this 😍
2M 🏆
AMAZINGGGGG
damn!!! Miley!! i love her!!!!!!!!
Spotify please!!!!
Clikbait
My Childhood :')
childhood
I love you
GUYS!!! Malibu acoustic rendition on my channel, if you wanna hear a different version and support an emerging  artist :)\n\nHave a good one!
Oh My God I'm crying 😍😍😍 So happy to hear her singing this song after so long💘
I loved Miley since Hannah Montana and through everything she has been through <3 will forever be my #1 favorite artist
This made me smile all the way xD
Been hearing this everyday since came out
Beautiful*\n\n\n\n*The Hannah Montana version was better.
She should do a duet with Lady Gaga. :)
I love this version is wooo
Who's that girl rocking that cello?
this is abSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL
No one says how beautiful is the girl playing cello :OOO <3333333333
She should re-release this version!
On my bf account cause he has YouTube red and I can repeat this a billion times haha I love you Miley been a fan since forever you're just so truly amazingly beautiful and awesome 💕
Also, would it be too much to ask to record past Hannah/Miley hits in this laid-back country style? :D *bats eyelashes* Jk jk ......(except I really would love that)
In another life I wanna be her, i felt like Ive known her in another life, I felt this deep connection when I look into her eyes.. Amazing down-to earth strong woman.. Salute miley! 😉😍😘☺
Anyone else think this looks like the chicken coop she built in the Hannah Montana movie?
I WAS LIKE NO FUCKING WAY SHE SANG SEE YOU AGAIN, THIS HAS TO BE A NEW SONG AND OH MY GOD I'M SO GLAD SHE DID. MY POOR LITTLE FANGIRL HEART AHHHHH
Omg, I'm blessed. \(^    _    ^)/
Yess, rockstar!!
OMG IS THIS REAL??! Why have I only seen this now?!?
Wow. This version is so much better than the studio version😳😍
Almost 10 years ago this song came on the radio during my first date with a guy. He turned it way up and sang every word. I remember it like it was yesterday. We're married and have two kids now ❤
Bbc give us the best moments with Miley.  Thanks
Miley cyrus is very talented 💘  and she is better than all singers
I'd really like to hear her sing some Fleetwood Mac, she sounds eerily like Stevie Nicks.
Who else listened to this one first then listened to the studio version and noticed the significant difference.
Am i the only one crying?
I need Hannah Montana again😭😭😭😭😭💙💙
this song just reminds me of my childhood
Miley u spoiled lucky bitch from ur shirt to your rings, your have worked so hard for that rainbow studio and your band looks great. Keeping rocking girl you got a fan rite here! Much love one love
I like this version better honestly
Been three days, still destroying the replay button.
Country musics makes everything sound way better and smoother 🤙👌
I love it <3
how angel 😍😍😍😍
#fuerzamexico
updated studio version :) <3
Wow
me encanta...la  amo :)
goosebumps all over
Hannah montana vibes omg
Loooooveeeee her
Yes just yes
I feel13 yo again
i love u miley!!!!! 💙💙💙💙🌻🌸🌈☘️
This  country  versión is amazing
YES, LADY
The vibrato tho im shook
Love this version <3
My inner preteen is screaming
It's fun putting your name in songs
I can dig this \nNot her black appropriation
que onda con ese cesped? jaja
Just an English comment in the middle of nowhere
jajjajjajajaja, ese tronco hp estava pensando en la burra q se iba a chancletiar despues del partido....jajjajajajajajaj\nmalo hdpta
What´s wrong with the penalty point here? In slow motion you see that Gutierrez left foot suddenly sinks into the ground when he´s approaching the ball. No wonder that he hits the lawn with his right foot as well. It was not Gutierrez´ fault.
BURRO  QUE SOS PECHO FRIO!!
as I can see in the slow motion at 0:24:\nhis standing foot sinks way below the grass surface (never saw anything like this before)\nMaybe the grass was at this place very soft and deep. Or there was already a hole.\nThe result:\nAnd so (sinking) does his shooting leg, so he totally touched the ground and the ball headed towards... \n\nI would say: not his fault, but nonetheless very funny :)
Apoya el pie y se levanta la pelota. Un asco la cancha.
They have bunkers in Football now?
Colombiano Sobrevalorado....
11 Meter vorbei hahahaha
Jajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
kick it like Beckham
HAHA
Random Scottish comment kicking in now ........ #bawbag
humofilo gutierrez
ese cesped está vivo
Jajaja negro narco
Loony toons?
Jajaja negroo putoo
Arreglen ese pasto jaja que culiado
Que muerto q sos teo
😂😂😂
Jajajaja pero q idiota
Troncofilo
Para terminar jugando en Junior que se hubiera quedado con lo que le pagaban y que se quede en River ganando títulos justo que necesitamos buenos delanteros
que perro
jajajaja jajajaja jajajaja
Mejor jugador de América 2014 🤔
Esa es la calidad que dicen que tiene este hijueputa?, y así lo siguen llamando a la seleccion porque es el moso de Pekerman.
Buena vitrina el river jajaja donde término este pelmazo... Xd
lo que las canchas callan
Si no pasaba nada con el cesped y era responsabilidad suya iba ser ridiculez!! Pero al hacer el movimiento para patear, el pie de apoyo (izquierdo) se hunde practicamente hasta el tobillo levantando toda la tierra que esta alrededor de la pelota!!
Cual es la sorpresa? \nLa cancha es espantosa y a eso sumale un jugador mas sobrevalorado que balotelli y robinho juntos \nMuchos hablan de teo como si fuera la reencarnación de Riquelme y no llega ni al nivel de fabro un jugador del monton
Jajaja no mames we No mames hijo de tu puta nadre!!! El wey se mamo alv jajajaja, +10 por el buen momazo! Sigue asi rufian! Zopotamadre se mamo el wey
le hizo daño jugar en el Cruz Azul jaja
Q cancha de mierda, es raro como se mueve el paso, q asco de terreno
No le corran el arco a Teo jjaa
Pobre Teo,lo cago el césped
Jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
Pobre Teo si él es bueno,, había un topo en el Punto de penal yo lo vii,,,😂
claramente se ve que en el momento q apoya el pie izquierdo antes de impactar la pelota,se levanta el pasto y x ende ,sale el penal muy desviado.creo q no es culpa del jugador..es culpa del campo de juego..
es un madera este negro vende humo.tuvo suerte nomas.carroñero del orto
RIDICULO...ES EL NOMBRE DEL VIDEO.... PORQUE SI OBSERVAN MEJOR....SE SALE EL PASTO SINTETICO DE MIERDA QUE TIENE ESA CANCHA DE MIERDA.... RIDICULOS SON LOS QUE SE RIEN Y CRITICAN BOLUDECEN...MANGA DE BOLUDOSSSS
Viendo en cámara lenta, cuando apoyo el pie se levantó el balón.
le pego asi porque el portero le hizo un hueco al punto penal
veoq mas es de la grama
Parece un volcan el punto de penal jajaja horrible la cancha peor que la de mardel.
no me digan que en esta cancha de mierda se va a jugar la vuelta de Junior vs Cerro...
por no tomarse las vainas en serio teo nunca será del nivel de falcao ni james
Troncazo
ese gramado de barranquilla es asqueroso y eso disque le pusieron una nueva, pero sigue siendo una verguenza y lo mal quue nos hace quedar cuando juega la seleccion. Los mejores cespeds estan en Bogota, tanto en el campin como en el estadio de techo, y aclaro soy paisa por si las dudas
The ball moved when he stepped on his left foot, the earth moved the ball up.
Y todos los mexichangos diciendo que el cruz azul tiene que ver en esto. XD
jajajaja y en mexico con cruz a zul ya lo hacia hasta idolo jajaja bueno ahi hasta el mas pendejo es idolo
los cachacos chimbo chiquito y sus videos de ardidos, jr tu padre
y luego los burrioristas se quejan cuando les dicen que su cancha es un lodal completo
0:23 Al apoyar el pie izquierdo se ve cómo éste se hunde y una montaña de tierra suelta se levanta y mueve el balón. Lo único ridículo es jugar con un campo de juego en ese estado.
Pero putierrez a quien echaron de River, Racing, Lanús, Rosario, Cruz azul, Turquía, Sporting Lisboa y muy pronto del burrior por gamin, tronco, ladrón, atracador, homosexual, simio, bruto, narco, farsante, payaso, drogadicto, alcohólico, etc.
jejeje , bueno despues que no pase en una final todo bien, ahora que revisen que paso con el gramado en ese lugar, del resto el mejor gramado de este pais ante los potreros de metrallin, cali, rolota y demas abominaciones de estadios.
*THUMBS UP IF YOU THINK THIS LINER CAN DEFEAT VOLDEMORT IN ONE GO, HAH!*
I got 30% hufflepuff & 29% Gryffindor.. so it was a pretty close call
Ello fellow gryffindor!  ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ I love this look so much! It is absolutely gorgeous!!! Could you do the other houses? And also take the Pottermore house and wand quiz that was made by  JK Rowling?
hey nikkie i love your magic makeup . STUNNING make up girl and i love your personality . good job
One must not do the buzz feed quiz.. ONE MUST DO THE POTTERMORE OFFICIAL QUIZ
Omg this make up is unreal
She said Harry Potter, I picked my phone up and screamed, SUUUHBSCRIBING
Bless this look and bless this video ❤
You should try the Pottermore quiz because that one is the real test that is made by Jk Rowling
Lovely video , i love all the products x
I wanna see you do Once Upon a Time character make up tutorials :D
Could you do a Hufflepuff inspired makeup?? 😍😍😍
What a great way to combine so many recent make-up trends, well done Nikki ♥ Also, YASSS for the look ;-)
can you do a make up tutorial for every house ? xxxxxx
it's amazing how one can do such art with make-up😍\nwhen i try something like that i look like i fell in a pot of colour😂
I'm in Ravenclaw. Love your makeup every time hope one do to be as amazing as you 😍
Where did you get this headpiece?? It's beautiful!!
Low key annoyed you used a buzzfeed quiz instead of the Pottermore quiz. Pottermore is the official quiz.
The minute i saw storybook cosmetics, i was eternally screaming.
I'm Ravenclaw💙
love it love it love it
This is beautiful!!! Omg NIKKI!!! you SLAYED!
Like
When she said inner corner I thought she said anaconda
I haven't even taken the test and i know i'm a hufflepuff\n\n**EDIT**\n\nIT SAYS MY GRYFFINDOR??? WUT
Nikkie you should have done the Pottermore quiz! More accurate. Also I'm Slytherin and I am dyyyiinnnggg for a look for Halloween!!
Nikki could you PLEASE do my make up your so great and I'm subscribed and your post notifications on
looks so good! very creative :)
You can go to the pottermore website and take the tests for hogwarts house, ilvermorny house, protronus, and wand
I'm a Gryffindor too 🅱 what's good 😂
Omg!! This look though!!!!! I'm so 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱 Love this look so much!!! Nikkie, there are no words right now. Total slaydom!!!!
please do Slytherin because thats my house!
I'm nearly perfectly divided into each house, but, by a slight majority, I have been sorted into Gryffindor.
Nikki has a way of creating IG eye looks in such a wearable way! It doesn't look over-the-top to me.
Just wanted to say that this make up is literally magic and art like HOW can a human being do those incredible things it has to be magic!
you are the cutest person omggg I can't get over it:-))))
Gurl... you're using a Buzzfeed quiz to determine your house 😕 I'm disappointed, you should've used Pottermore 😟
I loved this video 🦄👏😊
This makes me want to play with red!!
I'm always hufflepuff no matter what quiz I take😂
I'm a Hufflepuff 💛🖤💛🖤
wait, this is like the first time i saw her remove the foundation from her lips before applying lip product?? huh?? why, confused lol. changin up the routine here!
You should have gone to Pottermore! But still, amazing look and that palette looks awesome :O
do the other houses please 😢
Nikki when is ofra restocking? I just received the blind the haters highlighter.... now I need the other two 😫😫
Omg i love this pallette and those brushes! Such a must need in my life!❤Please Reply and put me on your snapchat❤Love u so much,Ur biggest fan❤
I'm a slythern
lol sorry for being a buzzkill but the offical test is on pottermore.
i'm in hufflepuff
Pls do Slytherine ... \n'Cause im one of them \n*kiss Malfoy's cheek* \nMINE
I'm a Hufflepuff 🙌🙌🙌
I love your lipstick. I belong in ravenclaw.
I would looooove to see you do looks for the other houses and I did the quiz with you but it said I was more Gryffindor when Pottermore said I was a Hufflepuff, I'm so torn 😭❤💛
Can you do a Marilyn transformation pleeeeaaaaasssse!
I love this look so much!!!! 😍🦁❤️💛
Where did you get that headband❤️❤️❤️
this looks amazing!!! wow
Your honestly so much prettier without makeup
this looks AWESOME
Slytherin 🐍
Plz do a makeup room tour plz
Should be covergirl💕
IN LOVEEE  😍
Nikki's eyebrows are goals
Very pigmented eyeshadow!!!
Any Ravenclaws?
I'm gryffindor
I lysm
oooohhhh wow! I'm blown away....
hufflepuff
HUFFLEPUFFS WHERE YOU AT??!
slitherin of course ;)
GIRL ⒹⓄ ⓜⓎ ⒺⓎⒺⓁⒾⓃⒺⓇ ⒷⓊⓉ Ⓘ ⒽⒶⓋⒺ Ⓐ ⓉⒽⒺⒶⒸⒽⒺⓇ ⒷⓊⓉ......ⒽⒺⓁⓅ ⓜⒺⒺⒺⒺⒺⒺ
she should be doing makeup for celebs
Possibly my favorite tutorial video EVER.
hi nikkie plz let me know where u got ur fone cover from ?
First vid, subbed by 6 minutes in, had my attention at 1 min...BOOM!  Cn;t wait to follow...no I se why you have a jazzillion subs!
you should've done the pottermore one
THIS LOOKS SOOOO GOOD!!!😍 love your makeup
GIRL YOU SHOULD FIND MORE GLOW IN THE DARK MAKEUP OR NEON-ISH MAKEUP AND DO A GLOW IN THE DARK MAKEUP LOOK TUTORIAL 💡🔮
YOU SHOULD TOTALLY DO THE OTHER HOUSES
U are so beautiful I love ur videos
I'm a slytherin ( probably spelled it wrong )
She is so talented
U R SO CREATIVE ILY😍😍🔥🔥🔥😭😭😭
RAVENCLAW!💙
SLYTHERIN LOOK PLEASE!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  MAKE THE SLYTHERIN LOOOOOOK
I got ravenclaw
NO NIKKIE YOU HAVE TO DO THE POTTERMORE QUIZ BUZZFEED DOESN'T COUNT
This makeup is so you
How can one human being be so breathtakingly gorgeous?
Hufflepuff is where it's at✊🏻
You should have used the potter more quiz...
You make me want to go home and practice makeup everyday. You're amazing.
I love your tutorials ❤ you're amazing 💖👏🎉
Omg please do the other houses!
HER FACE WHEN THE GLITTER CAME
I've been dying to get these. They just look so pretty.  I did a review on the mermaid brushes. Have you tried them??
Hey everyone! We're a new channel and we just posted our first video. We are going to be doing reviews, tutorials, and more (based on what you guys comment). We have 2 completely different hair/skin types, tones, and textures so we'll be trying to help more people than we could with just one of us. Hope you to see you on the channel soon!
You look stunning, I am sPEACHless!
The intro was so bombb, loved it!! 🍑💖
Peaches and cream, sweeter than sweet, chocolate cheeks and chocolate wings :D (sorry I had to)\n\nThe packaging is really pretty 😍
I really want to meet u in person cause your personality is so cool
the blush looks so so pretty on you!! looks like a very natural flush.
yeeees ohmygooood the friiidge is just fricking awsome! i just want everything from this line! thank you for the video<33
Stunning as usual 😭💕
Since I saw you wear so many red tones in your eyeshadows I got super inspired to wear them too, And honestly is a GAME CHANGER! It really compliments my brown eyes, and If any of you have blue eyes, you should totally try it, cause it would look just AMAZING. 🔥🔥 Love from Perú 🇵🇪
peaches and cream, sweeter than sweet, chocolate cheeks and chocolate wings 😂
I love that your looks aren't always over the top! I also like clear gloss/more translucent lip colors and it's so refreshing to see makeup looks that aren't just insta-friendly ^^
this makeup looked good w/ the clear lip gloss! i love u stephaniee
Beautiful and bubbly as always, hope you had a nice evening to display your new look =)
ahhh your nails match the Too Faced collection :)
That eye look is sooo bomb.
YOUR SKIN IS PERFCT! Where are the glasses from?
PEACHES AND CREAM SWEETER THAN SWEET
those peachy tones!!!! SLAY ME 💓
wow Step always replies and likes every comment, she is so sweet. \nI hope to meet you one day girl <3
Wow all the products look great on you! I wish I had this whole collection, they all look awesome. That eggie tee is cute (:
Thanks for always keeping it real.  Loved all the captions.  ;P  It reminded me of the good ole days of  VH1's pop-up videos.
beautiful <3 loved the fridge and the colors <3 i like the color of yow lip as well so no worries <3 lolz. it did match <3
You are so pretty!
YouTuber MakeupbyTiffanyD had the same experience with engulfing the loose powder 😂
YOUR MAKE UP IS POPPIN i'm in love with the eyes especially!!! pls bless me with your eyeliner ways lmao :-(
Love your videos and your personality!
I found your channel like one month ago and since then you are one of my favorite people on youtube ♥ I love your tutorials, your looks are on the editorial/natural side and this is SO FUCKING COOL because I am so tired of the insta/baddie makeup looks. You rock!
That is my fav collection too!! I def need to try the sweetie pie bronzer!!<3
yaaaasss to that intro girl!! omg stepping it up :)
Thanks for the honest opinions Steph! Love how chatting these vids are :)
Thumbnail looks good!!👍
can you please a review or first impression on the Too Faced I Want Kandee collection? 😭🍬🍭
You look amazing! I just ordered the highlighter and foundation to try out, and I'm hoping to grab the NARS concealer from Sephora soon using my gift card :)  Thanks for the reviews on this, I was looking to finally try out highlighters for once!
YOU REMIND ME OF REN FROM BARBELL BRIGADE !!
LOL the powder looks cool, im so curious as to the taste now hahhaha 😂😂😂
Omg it's beautiful! Need the whole collection! 🍑 🍑 🍑
Hi Stephanie! I love watching first reviews and love your intimate videos where you chat w us while doing your makeup hehe 😊 Would appreciate it if you can check out my fenty beauty review on my channel! You're one of the many people that I admire and I've missed you ever since I met you in singapore! Hope to see you again soon 💖
that eye look is bomb
what nail polish is that? I love the color! <3
Stephanie love ur editing and makeup <3
Best review of peach and cream collection! Thank you so much!
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL AS ALWAYS
I love the gloss. Honestly never see that with any mua, so thank you for being refreshing. Natural lip color ftw. 💞
Love this look! You nailed it.
LOL at the sweet powder. Don't... ask me how I know this.... but the chocolate bar palette tastes sweet too. Why? But also, neat??
So beautiful! How did the products look after wearing them for a few hours?
Loved this! I really like making a red shaded eyelook as well but I never thought to do it with just matching clear closs! I totally wanna try that asap!! Love your videos! Such a big inspiration! xx
It's not a real steph look without a gloss! 😂😍
I reallllyyyyy want to try these - I'm just worried about getting the foundation, etc because I have such dry skin T_T
peach and PINK IS COLOR!!!TOHUH
This look is 💣\nAnd your bangs are on.point.
Can i be your friend? 😭❤️
This is honestly such a gorgeous collection it looks so nice on you
yay for the even eyelids!!! XD \ni love your symmetrical face...it's so beautiful <3
i SO feel you on making the most of the days when my eyelids are even ;A; the STRUGGLE\nlove this look, love you, i wish my lids & skin were as nice as yours!! ♡
That makeup look looks so good!!!
You rock those eye shadows so well💕🍑
😍😍😍💞🔥 love this look! Love u!
I loved this look so much! Im definitely going to try out that foundation. 😍❤❤
We have the same eyelid! I just ignore the fold and create my own desired crease 😂
Yeah, GRWM videos my fav! 🖤\nP. S. You're gorgeous as always. 🌹
Ah! I've never been this early! Love you Steph!! This editing is so sharp.
Love your fringe! And makeup looking niiice! 😍😍❤️
🍑🍑
peaaaach smell :)
Woah new graphics!!
You look gorgeous!
PERFECT AS ALWAYS.
Girl you are glowing! Slay mami 🔥🔥
Her skin is sooo flawless 😍😍
Loved this!!
Luv the look
omg that packaging is toooo cute!
Steph, you're so adorable 💜 love you!
those glasses are sooo bomb
Stephanie & Too Faced = aesthetics <3
Such a look!
Ayyy that Spotify playlist tho!!! 🙌🏽
애기!!!!!!❤️
omyy the fridge so cute 😍😍🍑🍑
Omg i loveee this makeup look♥
That. Nail. Color.
ur the cutest!
Ugh I want the pink fridge 😍
Stephanie your skin looks amazing lately!
Yay!😍❤❤
love u
Yaaaass
your shirt! i must know where you got it!
If I decide to purchase any of these products it will be because of this video and I will recreate the look that you just did because you did these products Justice I hope you had a great night !
You should do a review on Rihannas Fenty Beauty next. Love to hear your opinion on it. 😁😁😊👍
i LOVED this video! your grwms are the best. i love ur vibes n humour x
You are such a ray of sunshine. Such a gorgeous human with so many positive vibes. I love it
its so early but here i am lol ily
The last too faced sweet peach grwm that you posted was the first one of your videos that wached so im so excited for this!!
Yay I'm early for once 💓 I just wanna smell all of the peach products lol
Bruh!!!! The packing is soooo pretty!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Great video Stephanie :) I'm totally going to buy myself this matte eye shadow palette today! Looks beautiful! I might also buy the foundation but I never usually wear any foundation so I like something light and not full coverage, sounds like it might be the one for me based off your description of how it feels :) Thanks for being so awesome xx
i loooove your grwm!
whyyyyy did you have to do this video... i get paid on friday..... ughhhhhh <3
did the mist smell like peaches too ?
1:20 She is soo cute
PLEASE release this version on Apple Music
How's he find time for this with prepping for the champs league at the same time
The beat reminds me of m-flow come again.
The Lukaku jokes are  dead, so fucking played out now man. Get creative kids
lol this video is so good!!!!!!
nice i love this guy
Better than the original
TRASH. Why ask artists to perform covers? LET THEM CHOOSE.
This is too good!
very calm! yes stormzy on a proper old skool garage flex
Taking it back to 1999
Hey, please check out some of the original songs I've written on my channel, and let me know what you think!
Wish this was on Spotify
Be even better with stormy
Way to ruin the song. I don't rate stormy. Plenty more talented artists in the uk
WAVEEEEEYYYYY GET THIS ON APPLE MUSIC
Please put this on Spotify 🙏🙏
This is straight lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
She's amazing, she's done some work with Shakka... look up shakkapellas
All the students ready to jump on his dick,he's sooo edgy,love him and his vibe and that thing he does,he's goat and all that other bollocks they do when hearing him
I want this to be officially released so I can buy this.
Stormzy = music for 14 year old white girls!
george the poet much?
This sounds so good😍😍😍
How disgusting is Tulisa's cover compared to this
Stormzy should die already. He just ruined a classic.
The more I listen to this, the more I love it
Is she singing for a bar of chocolate 🍫
Should get a release providing credit is given to the original artists too
😫💖💖💖I fell in love again
This has made my day. Song brings back so many good memories.
The singers are brilliant. His style of rap, maybe his accent just reminds me of googoogaga baby talk though...
Omg I loved the original when I was small!!!! This is so nice to listen to tho, very chill! Good job to everyone x
Reminds me of back home 💜💜
No talent at all, he just talks, that's it
'Every time I touch the mic they say BO!'
The singers are AMAZING 😍
Put it on itunes
This is a little bitty litty
Feeling that keyboard
Man Like Stormz Got that Smooth Chocolate Flaw
Would be pretty great if it were not for Stormzy
Bangin Stormz
I need the lyrics!!
Cunt
Lyrics anyone?
Wagwan
Powerful
Stormzy is so much better than Skepta !!
Sick
Ayee I like his flow
Yes boi
This is wicked
BOOM! Heavy version.
Get this on Spotify 🔥🔥🔥
so good
Yep bruv you just got branded. Watch you're decking back mate
Hahahah stormz on the dadada 🤣🤣 made it littttt
So much talent #MERKY
Big up Krupt FM
wow, that lady vocal.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Weak as fuck \nOnly white boys listen to Lukaku
This is fuckin brilliant
Versatile
stormzy you great man!
Phenomenal. 2:42 - 3:04 gives me shivers...
Wagwan guten tag  or bonjour 🔥🔥
MAD
Lukaku got bars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgZUqRWvJj4
Smooth👌🏽
Nice
Different class
Someone put this on Spotify plz
Soulful, love it!
NOBODY CANNA CROSS IT! oldschool reference.
0:44 nobody kanna cross it
Stormzy is amazing 😂😂😂😂😂
str8 🎆🎆🎆🌋🌋 banger 😆
Loving the garage vibes
Love it
Gang
LOVEEE!!
Dam he smashed this :)
Wow her voice !!!!!!
Peace for my ears  ! 😇 Amazingly perfect ! 👌
Stormzy remixing them classics like a boss
Saucy
Stormzy went in!
Sweet
Youngers don't even know this tune , but they gunna beg it now.
Can't take British rap serious. How does this man make money from singing?
I love stormzy but he ruined this song. He destroyed a classic.
Had this on repeat all weekend (y)
This is shit.\nShe's good, but he's crap.
Awful. Absolutely destroyed it.
100% pure garbage
Needs eloqution lessons.
Omg I love chess I can beat you guys well maybe. But I am very good.
I can't even do 5 push ups without getting tired🤣🤣
i subscribed
His camera quality is AMAZING!!🙌\n\nP.S please reply to this comment if it gets over 70 likes!!😉
Today I was so exited.. then I noticed the hoodies were sold out! 😭😭😭
5 hours later.... SOLD OUT😭😭😭😭
POTTYYYYYY!!!!!💩
I follow u Lauren guppy and mossieeeeee
i was actually eating grilled cheese while watching this
Is Alex following that don't judge that book by a cover challenge?
I died when he said  two thousand twenty- never 😂😂😂😂😂
But I wanna watch the video than go to the merch but I will
did u take Guppy's balls Alex??
I tried that and it is so good that grilled cheese
Lols but Lauren still has more followers. 😂 both of you hav amazing feeds!!!
I love you so much
Why not a YouTube give away?
Bring way back please I will never watching you again and I ordered 6 scribe
I fool both of you
I know I'm so late but all the stuff in the shop is gone
Ive subscribed to u for ages and followed u on Instagram for a long time
I want all of them please😶😶😶😶😶
Moose moose's poop is a flower....🌼 Thats why itz smell so bad...\nGet it?
All these meals remind me of holiday cooking with Andrew lol
DONT WORRY LAUREN ME FOLLOW U
Can I have a pink one for one
I can't have social media😭😭😭😭
I HAVE THE SAME FLUFFY UNICORN AS YOU I GOT IT AT UNIVERSAL STUDIOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😍😍😍😍😙😙😚😚
OMGGGGGGGGGG\nI FOUND A STUFFY APP
Release the distrack
Where does Loren get her bear bear
We already created grilled cheese donut in Cincinnati Ohio
Lol😈
Out
Sooooo cute
Make merch in kid sizes plz!
These cooking sessions are hysterical!
I love you
chicken nugget
Your nickname should be stuffy buffy
Lauren call him Alex the sweet pea
Hi Alex I love and watch all your videos
can you try to get a cat
laurin i love baby dino dont tell alex
i love your channel
What dog is that
You missed a potty\nIt was right after the counter disappeared\nSo technically it was 12.
I feel bad for dude lol , he's way more into his girl than she is into him 😐 lol that sucks
I am bored but I have never had Krispy Kreme
IF YOU SAY YOU CAN, YOU CAN\n- Alex Wassabi 2017
Advert of naked ladies just comes up 😭😭
I can do push ups faster and I'm not lying cause everyday I go to my Martial Arts School and I'm a black belt so I can do 50 so much faster with no breaks.
I'm not sure if you guys will see this because this was from 3 days ago but you two are the cutest couple I've ever seen😍 I love watching your videos and the diys, love you guys😊
They r literally the cutest couple I'm in loveeeeeeee \n\nx
I want to win the merch
Anybody else see that Aaron made 05 with his hands
Did you hear about dollar Fuji's dog died
I wanted  laurex merch but there was no more all of it was sold out
If You Say You Can, You Can    Alex Wassabi 2017
Where do you get a bear-bear!!??? I really want one
No don’t, Laurex would be over
But I don't have insta or Twitter I'm 9😫😞😖👿
lauren let me help u you can call him CHICKEN TENDER its the perfeft match!!!
Cool
where did bro go?
Lol
mouppie and laurex is laurmouexpie
Consensus donate charge outside split safety function congressional miracle.
Spot the difference.  😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😓😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥
3 Days late anyone else?
Walk him
Everybody loves baby dino everybody loves baby Dino 💩💩
ITS SO FLUFFY
It is so good to see your Chanel again 😍😀
Alex, you forgot she calls you wachabi
ask luren to merry her
I miss baby dino
How's guppie
give me a merch
:)
i got some
alex didnt say mkay bye
I love   👕💖
ye the kitchen!
I worse love to re under thoes  pushups aroin
alex i dont have instagram or twitter or facebook     :[
Moose is Adorable!!!!!!!
Mmmmmnnnm that looked good
Y'all remember WASSABI WEDNESDAY?? Yea neither do I
I wish I could get Instagram because I really want that babe dino shirt🙁🤗
I follow all three of you
He did the push-ups wrong chest has to touch the ground
You guys are so funny every time I watch your videos.
You guys should make a Laurex insta account
HE CURSES NOW!!!
Cuteeee
Chicken nugget and chicken tender
or Teddy's
Call laur (bear bear)
lol Ima follow Alexwassabi (Laurdiy and mossy bear)
CATCH OF THE YEAR BETTER THAN WHATEVER BUM ASS ODELL COULD EVER DO
Here comes the Odell heaters
This man is so underrated
Underrated af, Duke was a killer at the U
That was a running back!
Nice footwork sexy catch by the way
@Kybron Mvp 18-1Forever Stfu your just saying that cuz you obviously have a vendetta against Odell.. This catch wasn't as good as his because the extension wasn't as far and he didn't do it with a defender draped all over him...your acting like its something Odell would be incapable of kys
Thumbnail is littt
Announcer don't even sound hype
Wow
Better than Odell
Power Bomb, courtesy of Captain Insano
This dude at QB right now>>>>>>>>>>>>>Kizer
These remind me off one handed rebounds on 2k
From The U #CanesNation
https://youtu.be/_7Vak-SKrf0
Catch of the year?
Top teams to head line the nfl 2018 draft\n\n1.cards\n2.bengals\n3.saints\n4.browns\n5.jags\n6.bears\n7.colts\n8.eagles\n9.redskins\n10.rams
Browns suck ass ima cavs Indians fan even when those two teams sucked.....but never the browns they're garbage 😂
These are boring
Looking for football on youtube and what appears...\n\nStop calling this sport of “FOOT – BALL”!!!\nBecause it is played with the HAND and not with the FOOT.\n\nYou hard heads! \nYou are saying one thing and doing another completely different.\n\nThis sport is the violent American version (running by the “FOOT with the BALL” in the hand) of the brutal English  rugby, with much body crash and blow of head against head like  a Spanish fight of furious bulls.\n\nThe SOCCER ((not soccer and yes FOOTBALL)) is the real and true FOOTBALL played with the FOOT and not with the HAND, for this reason it is the most famous and popular sport practiced in the whole world.\nThe practice of a sport is clear in its name.\n\nThe origin of the FOOTBALL. \nSee it here: watch v=2sd_8pryoxo
Who watches but does not make
*cartoon section of the process plays* *lil frosting blobs bobble and wiggle* Me: AHUEHHEHUDHSHUAHREU im so happy inside
please make a 8 foot tall mario cake but with marios body
Can you make pineapple cupcakes plz🙏🏼🙏🏼
Hey Ro you should do something Hocus Pocus themed for Halloween
Nerdy Nummies have changed so much. It is more like endorsing her baking line
The Strawberry one!! I WANT IT!!
Do the pancake art with iJustine
OMG!!!!! thos cup cakes are so cute.🍮🍮. like if  you agree 👍👍👍
Make a steak cake
you are becoming very unpopular because of your baking line
Something Naruto themed would be pretty cool!
I met you to day!!! love you :)
Plsss do a video with liza or tyler and do the meat pie
How do I make yellow frosting to not stain
My mom has the same oil dispenser as you hahaha 😂💕🖖
Heyooo! I wanted to let you know that sugar is considered a wet ingredient. Just wanted to let you know :D
Hey Ro! can you please do something india themed? Please! Please! Please!
Trolls cake plz  ro
Intro?
my fodnob is 8184317655
DO A TiNKERBELL CAKE PLEASE
I want her noods
I do hope u will reply to this comment
I love Rosanna so much. I've just recently had a obsession with baking, and this is where I learned all my techniques and recipes here
I love your baking line! It's so cute and colourful, don't listed to any people that don't like your baking line promotion, it's awesome!😋😋😋
Do another house tour
Here before one million views?\nIf so then like and if I get 20 likes I will show you how to prank someone
I've wanted to eat her creations before but nothing compares to how much I want to eat these cupcakes.
Every baker is always so skinny like HOW?!?
It make me so happy
your my biggest fan I tried all of your recepies awesome I sub to your channel I'm only six if I miss spell something sorry I am not used to this I was born in Texas husten
Ro! I have a jar that says 'Baking your dreams come true'
Hey Ro! can you do something that only cookes with a microwave? People with no ovens are jealous 😂
Hallo I luv your vids probably cause I'm a BIG foodie but I'm 9.
Why did she seem dead inside after that little giggle when she read Life is what you bake it.?
You should make some sort of Halloween themed cake!  Love you Ro❤
Can you do something with Logan Paul please Roe.
Super cute idea!!! Where did you get your apron it's super cute !!! Love you Ro
I like  cakes  lemon
Mmm
your the best
you are cute
cool
LETS GET STARTED? C'MONE RO!
Watermelon cupcakes sound gross tbqh
Ro Please make a jiggly Japan cheesecake
my friend addy says you suck major balls
AS BAYRAKLARIII
Do something once upon a time
Can you make honey desserts for the Jewish holiday rosh hashana
Ro should make something with Shane Dawson
Please do something Death Note related!
I really Love that you always have matching clothes, this time you were making watermelon cupcakes and you had a watermelon shirt!! I Love you so much!!!❤️❤️❤️
Welcome to the Hawking my Baking Line 24/7 channel.
you should make another cook book for all of ur new recipes
Can you make a Descendants 2 themed treat
Can you make something from Steven Universe ?💖
Make the amazing world of Gumball theme
Hey Rob can you please do The pumpkin challenge on Halloween with IJustine
Pls do something Battle for Dream Island theme
I love ro's baking and her house
Can you make something from mulan
Make something from the emoji movie
Ro \nCan you do or make something Indian \nPlease please please
make a undertale glamburger cake!! i need to know how to make!
i love your channe me and my sister use most of your recipes for my and my twins birth day
Rosanna, you should remake an very old video. Since you you are more skilled now than before, you probably can make one of your old bakings way better.\nOld vs New. 😊😊
Please make cakes based on Indian theme,green tea & red wine please
You look too beautiful to be 31 ❤❤
Is husky dead?
Pls make a rasberry pi rasberry pie :)
Collab with Laurex and moosie!!
with mo
Those cupcakes look really yummy😊😊 Ro , can u do something more minecraft themed ??
Rosanna you'r getting cuter every episode ;)
PLEEEAAAASE do something super mario odyssey themed
Ice cream cake
Can u make something for Voltron (Legendary Defender) pls
Can you make an it cake
You should make tem flakes but gluten free
can u do Cinderella themed plz
Hi Rosanna! Can you please make the cake from the new mario run game please. It's called princess Peach's cake.♡♡♡♡
i love her recipes and her dressing
I  miss Mo
I love you Rosana
What's the difference between cake flour, self-rising flour, and all purpose flour? My mom says it's all the same thing, but is that correct? Please help! c:
you should be on cupcake wars.!
I love the bowls she's using but white bowls on a light surface with light/white mix makes it hard to see what she's doing!
I CANT CONTROL MYSELF I LOVE YOU SO MUCH I SUBSCRIBED 😉😉😉😉
First your channel was amazing
make  INDIAN cuisine food..please!! its gonna be special!!  :):)
*i dont see any picture of fruit in the description box*
bro rosanna your so cool
Make Super Mario Odyssey cappy cupcakes
Please make a masterchef cake plss
can you do attack on titan s2 cake - cubcakeplease
Rossana can you please make a maverick dessert with Logan Paul or a skull theme dessert I really would like it for my b-day party next moth thank you
Please keep bargar  challenging
hay ro can you do something hoces poces pleese like if you thing so to.
For all you you negative fake fans, fuck off!!!! In Klopp i trust and future looks good. KEEP THE SPIRIT HIGH. YNWA SWEDEN
Calm the fuck down you bunch of infantile imbeciles. Klopp's got at least 5 more years to build a team. We haven't got money on the scale of you-know-whos nor the type of manager who needs endless amounts of cash to buy, sell and buy again, top quality players. Klopp will bring us success in his own way and time. Have some patience and take it on the chin. I know some of you crave bragging rights cause your mate's are laughing at you and your shit team. Man up ffs!
The German Brendan Rodgers.
klopp is a world class manager ...to any fan commenting otherwize you're not a real fan ...if you can't support us when we draw or loose then you're not a true fan ...!!
Man Im starting to get sick and tired of these so-called fans posting their bullshit online, the LFC Facebook page is full of fucking idiots trashing the team and now this comment section is getting worse, if you are a Liverpool fan then get behind the team, if not then fuck off. #COYR #YNWA #LIVERPOOLFOREVER
We are liverpool... our manager will do right by the club. Not signing for sake of signing. He is building a tean not buying a team like other clubs .
Hello guys even if you have 1 pound to dispose please donate. anything helps to him.\n\n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/helpanthonyoffthestreet
Subscribe to my channel
O and time 6.20 he going Newcastle Lmao and the team going Manchester Lmao told u not top top management shame lfc are a good club and think they use recruitment agency when they doing the hireing lol
One man team - no Mane no win.
Win/lose/draw...players get paid the same wage, dock em and you'll see improvements and the chaff will be separated and sold for peanuts to Arsenal
Remember when we had Coates Enrique Borini and Lambert?😭 it's not crisis mode yet stick together
Should have signed a CB
Everyone needs to calm the fuck down. Fans are so emotional and fickle. two weeks ago after the arsenal game everyone was on top of the world. now, two draws and a loss and it's like we need to support the team in times like these comments. yes, our defense is shit but it's early days. A couple wins and we are back in the race and it's group stage in the CL, all with 1 pt. everyone fukn relax.
Wow, i didn't know how toxic the liverpool fan base is! You're not real fans, please accept, klopp deserves better than you people.
Get the results & talk less, Old Bob just get the results to do his talking!!!!!
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
I agree the defence is shocking and we need to sort it out. But we don't need to sack him, give him some time. I understand he has been manager for a while now but let's not be a Chelsea or man city. Let the manager do his job. If we sack him,  who do we get in?. There is nobody so let's get behind the team.
Wait until we get Keita we will never concede. \n\nKlopp is doing the right Thing, fair enough we didn't get a cb in the window but what u gotta remember: \nMane: Sent off\nLallana: Injured\nClyne: Injured\nThat's 3 of our main starters out and yes we did basically have our main team out but lovren wasn't in it, and the three people I mentioned I believe could change the team easily. And for all the fake fans who are complaining are not true fans. Like if ur a true fan. #YNWA
Fraud get out of our club #ynwa
We drew a game against a team that have had results against Chelsea and Spurs. I didn't go the game but I listened to it and watched extended highlights. It very much looked/sounded like we battered them. I'm a little bit bored of the goalkeeper/defence debate. They're all good players, they don't get any protection from the midfield, as the midfield are intent on marauding forward. It will get tweaked and we will put together a decent run of results. All the haters need to 'calm down'.
5-0 drubbing from city, 1-1 against Burnley at Anfield..\n\nPeople are upset because early on, we haven't seen any improvement from last season (so far) people are angry, and no one has a right to say that you can't get angry as a fan, it's like saying you can't be a human being and support Liverpool. Shut the fuck up. \n\nME personally, I trust in Klopp, and he is getting a rude lesson in the premier league at the moment, and it's in these times managers learn, and become better. \n\nI'm patient, but don't say to someone they're not a fan because they're pissed off, not everyone is going to rationalise things in the same way. We go again.
Mashraf Brownie well said buddy...Klopp was the best thing that has happened to this club in years...now you want him gone😂😂😂 you fuck tards😭 HE HAS MY BACKING, HES MY MANAGER YOU FUCKERS
Actually ,this time we didn't draw because of the defence.We lost point today because we missed too many easy chances
Football is for nerds.\n\nPlay League of Legends scrubs
Klopp is a one trick pony and never seems to learn from his mistakesThis defence are leauge of lreland standard,,,,,no offence to leauge of lreland
has he won a trophy at Liverpool yet?
Excuses galore. There is always   if ,but , only . JK is a great guy but not a great manager. We now sit 5 points off the top and the season as really only just started. I fear the winter as we get injuries, suspensions and involved in more and more competitions. Until we can go to places like Watford and win 6   0 then we will always be average . If we do not buy at least 4/5 decent players inc a goalkeeper then we will be out of all competitions by March . I have no doubt we will field a weak team in Jan for the FA cup and JK only aim will be fourth place for UCL again. Which to me is pointless if you are never going to win it .
disgusting behaviour by the club should have sol phil and bou9ght a striket
we are going on a winless streak till manu game ifwepay like thid
he needs to make subs earlier
To all the Liverpool fans getting irritated about negative comments. This is what Arsenal fans go through every year from 2003.
All this klopp hate is ridiculous. Sure the defence is leaky there's no denying that. But he has assembled one of the best attacking squads in Europe. Period. People are too impatient. 2 seasons in charge and he's brought us to to Europa final and within the top 4. Rodgers had his one off season which brought us close to the English title and before him was the epic champions league title in 06. Rome wasn't built in a day and quite frankly even if we aren't a title contender this season we play one of the best football on our best day (which honestly aren't far between each other). I have faith in klopp and our squad and I have faith he will continue to build and assemble a title winning team. And a question to all the klopp haters: what manager are you guys praying for that is available to just come and suddenly win titles?  Klopp and the reds knows there's an army of faithful who will always walk with you #ynwa
Patience is the key for success. LFC fans please give time to this guy. Because in dortmund he had time and independent to take decisions and another main reason was at that time, no other club had so much money to buy ready made players. For eg see Burnley they are happy with one point also because they have no money and fully support their manager. They think whatever he do is good for Burnley. When they where religated he was the manager and now also he is the manager.we have to learn from Burnley,because this guy  is much better than plastic managers like jose and pep.
Always a lot of talks... bla bla bla... and after dramatic disaster with City there is a worse match against Burnley. All team puts effort to attack, to support Salah but they don't arrive much goals...and, on the other hand, defense is too much under pressure collapsing first or later!  SALAH left Chelsea and Chelsea started to win again.!  Klopp & Flopp a strong disaster.!😂😂😂😂😂
Klopp \n\nPro's\n\nExciting attacking football\nPotential to smack sides of all abilties\nMotivating\n\nCon's\n\nDefending transition, since the fullbacks get really high up the park as he attacks in numbers\nEgo and stubborn i.e. won't add an extra defender to defend a lead.
a lot of weekend/game day managers in here that think klopp doesn't have the defense sorted and think he's naive/arrogant to the quality of the back performances. hard to think you can't comprehend that he probably wanted to buy specific defenders, and had x,y,z plans and adjustments for defense. the reality of the deals not being closed in the window (not in his control) means he has no choice but to show positive reenforcement in the belief and work rate of the players he has to work with. on the pitch for game day or in the training grounds and at the end of the day—it's always the players, not the manager. if he doesn't (in the public eye) show that he at least believes in the system and their ability to play in it—then the players wouldn't give any shit either.
Fucking idiot turning into Wenger! Play Gomes centre back! play two defensive midfielders or even play 5 at the ffs 😂 find a fucking solution! Dropping and replacing klavan and lovren with each other is a fucking waste
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Win lose or draw it's Liverpool forever. We are going trough a bad patch now but it will get better all clubs do at some point in the season it's better for us to get it over with early. We will get new players in January and finish the season strong. Jurgen knows what he is doing we just have to have faith in him and give more time. He is the best manager we have had in a long time.
When ur winning ur happiest fans in england but soon as u lose or draw u never stop fucking moaning stfu u shit fans UTC🔴🔵🔴🔵
Disappointed with all the negative comments.. we have to keep encouraging and supporting him and the team no matter what! #YNWA
Flopp is changing the team so often he is destroying the team not building it. Players have bad moral. Not to mention lack of tactic, players are running like zombies with no apparent plan. he is wearing them down. He plays players out of position, does not use ones he has, delays changes, did I say he does not study the different teams we play. He probably tell the players come on boyz go there do your thing, and thats the plan de jour and every jour
I hate what we are right now and I won't excuse anything, that being said I won't stop supporting both manager and players. If you think different then you should check your self\nKlopp is a world class manager who has access to world class coaches, our owners seem a bit tight in terms of net spend but we have improved. I am not satisfied, I complain but I do not wish Klopp out as that would be stupid.
The best manager in the world!!! Our klopp!!
Created enough chances? We had 2-3 real good ones, one of them leading to the goal. That's pathetic if you have 150% ball possession. Klopp needs to take a cold shower.
Stick together still early days
This guy never has any fucking answers for anything on or off the pitch. What a pathetic excuse for a manager.
Im a Liverpool fan but this is so true:  \n\n\n\n\n\n\nAttack wins you games,defence wins you titles.   Btw im not Klopp out.Im defence out new defence in (especially cb's)
theirs only 2 reasons we didnt improve the defence Klopp or the owners.We had a supposed £2000million to spend ,and we spent at the most £50 million at the least £30million after selling players.Something is definitely wrong .Why will no one ask him directly why we didnt improve the defence ,its a joke to every other team and their supporters.I feel embarrassed
If liverpool defenders were more confident in the air  challenge better and were tighter at the back we would not concede as many goals.
All WHO says klopp out Are fake fans
First time i am a doubting this man, its the same old shite. This season was supposed to be different, in reality very much the same. Obviously is a brilliant manager, but teams have figured us out and he has no answer to this. I can only hope he will soon.
Solanke  must start next match ,he's more proactive in attack than Than Firmino.
If you are #KloppOut then you're simply plastic and deluded.
I’m sorry the back 4 is apauling I don’t know what to say. It’s bs, Why don’t we put Moreno LW?? Everyone moans about him playing to high when he’s in LB why don’t we try him LW whilst Mane is out, push firmino back to his no. 9 role. It’s hopeless,  Klopp said ‘there was no CenterBacks on offer’ De Virj from Lazio, Koulibaly, anyone but Klavan and Lovren. I feel sorry for Matip for what he has to play with. Come on guys it’s not hard. If u take in the fans opinions and ideas maybe just maybe we might do something. Ideally I don’t wanna see Klopp go But I DO wanna see changes. It’s BS!!! COYR // YNWA
so many negative comments and klopp out screamers. i understand that but people are angry about those point losses over and over but i also think you need to realize that liverpool haven't been an elite team for many years now. yes they need to address defense but its easier said than done. the marked for middle inns is such small and once anyone on high skill level hits the market you compete with lots of top clubs. even city had huge probs to find defenders. and what i want to add cause of all this negativity after the sevilla game - just please don't forget that pool hasn't been real madrid the past 2 years. sevilla won the euro league 3 times in a row. spanish top team since years. and liverpool dominated and could have lead 4-1 at half. plenty of things to improve but its not all that dark
With or without Coutinho LiverJail is still disappointing!\nThey should let him go! Karma is punishing Klop!
As a LFC Fans, I'm extremely disappointed and also very angry seeing this team playing dirty football. Sturridge was not good at all today and he was still on the pitch. Solanke is better and he never plays always on this bloody bench. klopp always use the same plays so it doesn't shock me if small team is beating us. Spending lots of money on good player and they don't even play. Nowadays I'm asking myself if klopp is a great manager or not. In every we can see the same mistake everywhere. \nSubstitution after 75' of play, even if the team is loosing. in 15', the game can't change with only one fresh player. \nKlopp so disappointing to have as LFC manager
I am a diehard Liverpool fan and I have always supported Klopp but to be honest Klopp is stubborn and it costing us a lot. I wonder why he wants so much forwards and midfielders without sorting out the defense, it's not like he didn't know about it all along. I never thought I would be saying this but I don't think Klopp is good enof for Liverpool
After 15mins you could predict how the game is going to end, Klopp is an excellent manager so is Sean Dyche for getting a point out of this game, well done to him, however the focus must be on how Klopp fields his team, in my opinion he should have started the game with solkane and ox, you could see firmino and salah was looking tired. Klopp will win games with this side Gk- Ward , LB -Robertson, CB -Matip, CB Gomez, RB -Alexander, MF -Couthino, Henderson, GIGI, FW- Mane, Daniel, Salah. Subs - Simon, Lovren, Firmino, ox, solanke. Comment your best xi LFC Fans.
Time is ticking now on this manager, his choices in the transfer windows are turning out to be woeful. Any defensive coaches work at Melwood?
Disappointed but we need to keep going and believe in Klopp. thought we were could have been more clinical and credit to Burnley they were very disciplined. YNWA
Wtf was that!?I'm sick of this shit.Klopp with a hard heart I'm telling you man...you are wasteing everybody's time.The bad news is that you could do more but you are like all germans...stubborn,in everything good or bad.After 2 years you only have 4 players Mane Matip Salah and Wijnaldum and Milner mostly on the bench so doesn't count.Taday was bad luck but we could easyly lose.Poor plan for first 11,no plan B and nothing  good in the future only a 6th place maybe.
These Klopp out comments aren't Liverpool fans. You see the same exact guys on other videos declaring themselves as Manc fans. Don't fall for it, jeez.
rome wasn't built in a day. he inherited lovern, Henderson and  Firminio what do you expect lol\n\nbe patient
Fuck you kloop we are sick an tired off your fucking hope  gooooooooooo
I haven't been critical of Klopp but I have been noticing he is not really good at game management. The times at which he makes substitutions always baffles me. I think he is too much of a patient person overall. The substitutions are sometimes too late in the game to have an impact and why the hell didn't OX start out wide over Firmino he needs rest anyways smh
Be patient , good game judge him after this month
I was a Liverpool fan before most of the people in this comment section were born. But you know what, I agree with them. Klopp is a moron, he's blinded by his own ego and never admits to any of his mistakes. Also, he's stubborn, the reason we dont have any new center backs is because it's an admission of fault from his part if he buys one. Remember, all last season he said we have a great defence and that we don't need new players. So he does't want to go back on his statement. That's how stubborn and dumb he is. This team won't win anything, mark my words. I hope Klopp gets fired before the January window, so we can get a proper defence in place.
Aaaaargh! Tough pill to swallow, that. Wasteful again in front on goal. Feels like 2 points dropped. Disappointing. Although, that's not to say that Salah's goal was amazing! He was probably the best player on the pitch in red today. Again, he looked dangerous, and £34 million now looks like a steal. Solanke looked good when he came off. Phil Coutinho also looked dedicated. Defensive frailties again costing us, same old Liverpool! Let's try and be more ruthless next time. \nC'mon Liverpool! We go again against Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Tuesday night in the League Cup. C'mon Redmen! #YNWA ⚽️🔴❤️
Lmao Klopp put Liverpool back in the champions league and this the thanks he gets foh
Everybody saying we need a new center back but IMO we also need a proper defensive mid too, even if we buy a good defender we will still make the same mistakes.
Strap in. Could be a long road. \n\nAn Arsenal sympathiser.
I don't know how can you enter the season with klavan, matib, Milner, moreno, lovren, the rest are trash. Does he really thought he's gonna win the league with this trash ass niggas come on man I can see you built the midfield and the front line well done on that but you are not interested in defenders. You need to steal some mourinho tactics. If this midgets on the front line face those tall and strong guys from Manchester believe me this guy is talking about improvements on nothing.
How can you put Klavan after all his bloopers in defense? Klopp are you blind? Stupid? Or corrupt may be players pay you bribe for gaming time?????????
klaven is useles and lovren in defence. kloop needs to put gomez in in central defence
Remember  spurs only managed a draw today. I bet we beat Leicester  next week .
Klopp is very overrated
FUCK LIVERPOOL
Fuck off you cunt Klopp.
no mane no party
Lol Liverpool r sponsored by new balance... Fitting!
Love his wig.
Fuck Klavan
Looserpool
Its your wrong doing\nNot signing defenders and DM. 18 months in and defence is worse. The issue against orgnized teams, do you go and buy a strong striker who can finish and bully defenders? No yiu waste 40 on ox the overrated Ibe\n\nCharisma buy you time. Fans like you, but same stupid mistakes for 18 months! Tick tock Mr deluded one
Fancy doing a swapsy for Koeman ?
DID WE MISS SADIO MANE TODAY?
To all the people who don't understand how the transfer market panned out , \nKlopp didn't buy an CB because FSG put out a statement without the knowledge of klopp which inhibited klopp to go for his top target . \nNow sure we can bitch and moan we didn't get a plan B, but that plan B ain't giving us a chance to win a title so we've waited 20+ years already , instead of putting all that baggage unfairly on klopp with half a squad that isn't his players, maybe it's worth waiting an extra couple years and for once get top targets instead of settling for plan b ... social media has just given license to too many people who's impatience would've seen shankley sacked in this era... shame
Keita. Mane. Salah. Let the man build a team. Unless you want to sign another Welsh pirlo.
HOW CAN LIVERPOOL FANS SUDDENLY TURN THEIR BACK ON THIS GUY ITS ONLY BEEN 5 GAMES REMEMBER BURNLEY BEAT CHELSEA, DREW TOTTENHAM .....STOP BEING PLASTIC FANS OTHERWISE IF KLOPP GOES IT WILL BE FURTHER DISASTER FOR YOU PEOPLE NO BETTER COACH IS AVAILAIBLE
Haha you scrouse shit heads  cant even beat Burnley , Glory glory man United , Glory glory man United :)
Klopp is very frustrating! I am starting to hate him because he is making my Liverpool FC a dumbass club.
Will lfc win a trophy this season ?????   Answer = NO --- fact.
I love Liverpool and support them even when we played shit. But I cannot forgive Klopp for 2 main reasons: \n1) Renewing and extending contracts of our most vulnerable players and those who are not consistent let alone 'world class'. Who are those players? Simon Mingolet and Dejan Lovren got contract extensions during Klopp..baffles me to why it was done.\n2) He had 4 transfer windows..okay let's just say 2 windows  (summer windows) and he did NOT fix the part we were most lacking in..i.e Goalkeeper and Centre Back. We infact sold one CB..the jury is out if Sakho should have returned or not. Fact is we have not improved defensively when it was so obvious. \nAttacking we are v good. No doubt. But you cannot win leagues with leaky defences. Period. He's got till January to fix this in the window or I'm totally going Anti Klopp.
Gk- Mignolet\nRb- Clyne\nCb- Matip\nCb- Gomez\nLb- Robertson\nDm- Can\nCm- Lallana\nCm- Coutinho\nRf- Salah\nLf- Mane\nCf- Firmino\n\nPlay this team and we'll win! Just need our injured players back 😢
ASK KLOPP THIS:\n\nJurgen, your title rivals beat you 5 - 0 and then you draw both your next games, one of them to so called inferior opposition...who will Liverpool beat next?\n\nThe world has no clue who we will beat and who we wont beat, can you give us a clue whats going on?
We are in Champion's League.  We have a team that has a chance to do something good.  Klopp is building a good team. He made a mistake not to get a good defender but we need to keep supporting.
I can name 500 defenders better than fuckin Klavan. Utter utter dogshit!!🐕💩If Klopp can not see what everyone else sees at Anfield today then he's a cunt. His fault for not strengthening at Centre half end of.
You put too much time and thought into a faggot show.
There's another explanation for this that people constantly seem to over look or misunderstand.\n\nThe fact that your genetics come from your parents doesn't literally mean that you have to look to literally look like your mom or dad. Everyone has dormant sets of DNA that don't effect their own appearance but can still be passed down to their children. This means that if their grandparents are blond then it actually becomes a lot more likely for them to also be blond.\n\nBasically it's 50/50 because you're only looking at mom and dad which is wrong. If you look at their parents you might see three blond grandparents, and one dark haired. This would make the chances for blond grandkids much higher. You keep going back generations and generations and the chances will likely keep getting higher.\n\nAnother thing to consider is that using your same logic, even if the chance was 50/50 that doesn't mean that they can't be blond three times in a row. The chance of them being girls was also 50/50 so by your own logic in saying they can't all be blond then you're also claiming that they can't all be girls.\n\n50/50 does not mean that every other child has to be blond just like there is no guarantee that if you have two kids that they're going to be 1 boy and 1 girl.\n\nSo this entire theory is based on a poor understanding of how science and probability work.
You had me like maaayyybbe until you brought up Stamos. No way someone cheats on Jesse with Joey.
That was a lazy theory
Joey had no MERCY, see what i did there.
Joey is like King Robert with a bunch of little bastards running around and no legitimate heir to the Gladstone kingdom!
And somewhere in there, he fucked Alanis Morissette too.
Yeah, the only explanation for their kids having blonde hair is this. I was thinking that maybe it was just that the casters had a blonde preference then but that's just crazy talk :D
I'm a natural blonde, my fiance is brunette and our 3 kids are blonde, totally legit too.
Alanis Morrisette agrees.
Joey be fuckkkkkkkin booiiiii
Omg the mom had blonde
I thought you meant Joey and Danny were dating
Jesse and Danny are obviously gay, and their wives are obvious beards.
Wasn't Kimmy _also_ a blonde??
also, uncle jesses entire family had black hair. mom, dad, cousins, everyone. It's safe to assume that she probably dyed it blond, making the chances of them having three blond girls even statistically higher without a natural blond parent. \n\nI think this is an open and shut case.
This theory immediately falls apart because Joey is annoying af and no one wants to sleep with him.
its a fucking show with cast members that aren't related wtf
12.5% isn't astronomical odds, I have in many video games been crit 3 times in a row by someone with a 25% chance to crit.
Cmon seriously. Lol well guess what, some kids have dad's with dark hair and moms with blonde hair, and they come out blonde. There, That's my theory.
Yes, just a show, actors, etc...   BUT, most importantly, that is not how the math of genetics works.
He went down on her in a theater
Well for one thing i call crap because you cannot base what the children will look like solely on the parents because recessive genes exist and for all we know the grand parents could have been blonde with light eyes and so on and so forth back to ancient times. When we see Danny's mom she has blonde hair so for all we know one girl could have inherited his recessive blonde gene and the others their mom's dominant blonde gene. just relying on the physical appearances of the parents is not scientific and very shameful
your mcm thinks this is deep
Or....it’s just a show and joey is just there to help \nThe end
Or maybe all the kids were blond due to the fact that blondes are more appealing for television. Or also, who the fuck cares?!
It's just Joey.  Not Uncle Joey.
Wasn't Danny s wife joeys sister?
that was worth me not unsubscribing from you guys months ago.
plenty of brunette adults are blonde as children, in fact blondism is a decidedly juvenile genetic trait. ugh!
My dad had dark hair -- my mom light brown which darkened as she got old.\n\nAll four of us kids ended up with hair at various shades of brown -- no dark haired kids amongst us.\n\nYour theory is invalid. \n\nStop ruining people's childhoods.
Both my and my half-brother's dads are brunettes. We were both born with our mother's sandy blonde hair, while she herself comes from a brunette father and very light (practically white) blond- haired mother. Though to be fair mine has darkened as I've gotten older and now it's a shade where you could call it either dark blonde or light brown and it would be valid lol
My dad's hair is black and my brother and I have blonde hair so your move...
Genetics aren't that simple.   Depending on the parents of the dark haired parent, if one is blonde for example, the gene for blonde hair can be stronger.   Additionally, all 3 children are girls.   Remember that the man provides 1 X chromosome and 1 Y, whereas the woman provides 2 X, and the girls end up with 2 X's.   This means more of the woman's genes will be carried over.
I think it says more about TV executives favouring blonde children over children with other hair colours. The same is with Everybody Loves Raymond. Ray and his wife Deborah both have brown hair but all three of their kids have blonde hair. But unlike Full House, there's no uncle or friend that has blonde hair to suggest any infidelity going on.
to me, the truly _insane_ part of this, is you're paying your _rent_ doing this shit. get a _real_ job hippie. #sarcasm
Is that the horse from horsin' around?
so Joey doesn't want a relationship causes he's sleeping with all his best friends wife's, makes since, Joey's got secret game!
Unless both Joey and the dead wife have homozygous recessive alleles for blonde hair, there is still just as much of a chance that the theory is false.
Women love the funny guys
Jessies kids are probably blonde bc his wife could have been blonde but died her hair.
ha ha ha.... it's like you think they really exist and are the wet dream children of casting directors who prefer blonde kids.
such an idiotic theory with no evidence other than him being blonde. i watched this expecting him to go in depth with it, when he said that he was blonde i thought thats stupid. maybe this is just the surface level evidence but nope. that was the entire thing. next time, do more research, gather more evidence or don't make the video.
Or maybe Joey is actually the mom after transgender modification....🤔
I love how they finally gave clippy a show
IT'S A SHOW. CHILL OUT. DON'T RUIN THE SHOW BY GETTING SO PRECISE AND WITH DETAIL. THEY JUST HIRED RANDOM ACTORS AND PUT ON A GR8 SHOW 😂😂😂
just dont bring the twins back
Both my parents have brown hair and brown eyes. All 3 of my older sisters have dirty blonde hair with green eyes. \nI just destroyed this entire theory.
what if Danny and Jesse are sterile and joey only donated sperm? wouldn't that just strengthen their bond? i wonder if this even gets read...i never get feedback ...i never know if i'm on the ball or nuts.
This still makes more sense than the olsen twins disappearing altogether.
Please stop recycling the same crap from your articles that we've already read and bring back pop culture discussion
Passing over Saget for Coulier? Sure. Passing over Stamos for Coulier? No way. It's freaking Stamos. There is nothing about Coulier to suggest he is capable of that level of sexual prowess compared to Stamos and you oughta know better. Wait. You oughta know? YOU OUGHTA KNOW! OK, the theory in this video is 100 percent accurate.
The mom has blonde hair... and yes, both parents having blonde hair increases the chances of having blonde children, it also doesn't guarantee it.
https://youtu.be/rnJ4blc_S6g                   best I ever saw
The mom is also supposed to be Jesse's sister. Jesse is Greek. Have you ever seen a blonde haired blue eyed mid western looking Greek girl with a little brother that has intense Greek features? That show has so many plot holes lol
So your Grandmother put a tv in the basement closet for you?
People think way to much in to things it's a dam show
Excuse me? Can you please leave?
This is a hypothesis, not theory
So he's the rightful heir to the iron throne
Huh. And here all this time I thought Joey was the mom's brother.
You know I actually thought of this a few years back but I was like nah joey wouldn't do that to Danny
so you think joey banged danny’s dead wife 3 separate times with several years in between each & each time resulted with her getting pregnant? ok.
This blew my penis.
i've got a better theory, the other guys die her hair to brown or brunette or whatever the shit was trend in that time, and also for not being confused with his bad brother.
I always though that his wife had blonde hair and that was his wife's brother so ACTUALLY their uncle
You didn't even point out that Jesse has dark hair, too, so Pam wasn't even coming in with a homozygous blonde gene, assuming she was a natural blonde in the first place, which given the extremely Greek family we meet later, is unlikely. \n\nAt least Becky was coming in with some white bread Nebraskan genes to explain the twins.
He wasn't UNCLE Joey, like... the wife's brother? Oh, he wasn't though, Uncle Jesse was the actual uncle... who didn't look anything like his sister.
I'm sorry, I couldn't keep up with the stupid quirky asshole-bit this guy is trying to pull, it's too distracting and the charade needs to die off YouTube.
DID YOU HAVE TO CURSE???
It's.... all.... fictional.....
He doesn't mention they all have blue eyes, that makes much more sense.  Two brown eyed people Danny and dead wife will not make three blue eyed children.  Hair color?  That is 1/8 two browns make a blonde, that is alot.  I win
I mean... not necessarily true. Just look at the Ballinger Family. Dark haired dad, light haired mom, all three kids are blonde.
HOW LONG IS THIS SHIT VIDEO GONNA BE TRENDING?
This is stupid as shit, making up fan stories on a fictitious show.
*MORON.. hey moron! Does it not occur to you Danny's WIFE was a blonde?!*
✂️👉🏼👍🏼
*Arе уou loокing for hоt dаtes in уour nеighbourhoоd?*

74zJ4scJzNs,\n *They hеrе ➤➤* http://edihero.ru/hot/?v=74zJ4scJzNs_931033
Blame the casting
Wait...\n\nWHAT THE FUCK?
Except Joey has brown hair.
12.5% isn't that unlikely.
joey oughta know
Gladstones I bet!!! Am I right fellas?!
next series cramped house
Satire or weak argument?
This is fake
😦
Cut-It-Out.
DaAM
Lol
LOL!
Stop it.
Fucking lie
rofl, get it joey
Clickbait
omg its just a showwww
Daym.. Joey gettin more pussay than a toilet seat!
You Oughtta Know
Game of Thrones will soon become the greatest fantasy franchise of all time, it will break all records, & when it is done, StarWars, Harry Potter & LOTR, will look nothing but mediocre!!!
remember thise bastards are sons and daughters of satan thise devils are the one killed your little sister and brother kill them.
House Martell held the deserts of Dorne, Probably because no one else wanted them\n\nOh but the Targaryen wanted them and they failed so much trying to conquer Dorne, even with their dragons and big army. \n\nUnbowed, unbent, unbroken.
It has been waiting for another one. :V
That was a good video wish they made more like this on the history of the seven kingdoms and the Great House Targeryen.
Is it true that viserys narrated this?
Amazing Game of thrones Character's Sketches-\nhttps://youtu.be/8pXL_V8snMQ
If youd like to watch game of thrones for free sign up for 7 day free access then cancel the 7th day and you get money back and can continue watching HBO for free . Code --> https://ibolted.wordpress.com/\nyour welcome(:
Is this like a bridge course between Aegons conquest and the later Westeros?
This is why we need the Prequels!!! PLEASE HBO!! T_T
I really wanna see a real life version of Maegor Targaryen!
PROSTITUTES ON THE STREET ★ Photo gallery \nhttps://youtu.be/dpVlcyFKxog
Ask Blizzard.. they make this clip match better! ;)
MOAR!
The static artworks are pretty cool, too bad the animated 3D parts look like a bad PS1 cutscene.\nNice video though.
Better than the seasons 6 & 7.
It is so poorly executed that it reminds me Mortal Kombat - The Journey begins (1995)
I like how even they themselves acknowledge that the show's depiction of Casterly Rock and Highgarden in Season 7 were colossal fails, by having them appear as completely different looking castles in this one, meanwhile the other castles shown retain their appearance from the TV series.
OMG we are going have incest 3 some YUK!!! as if incest was not gross enough.
who the hell still buys dvd's. they look like crap on current technology. DVD's are quite ancient now.
Lol, even the special features Casterly Rock looks nothing like the show's crap.
Haha, so many people would already know everything that will happen in this series.
Oh SHIT I just realized that I know the lore of Westeros better than the history of my own world 😂
Whose voice is it?
Meh... but, is this series canon now?
Anyone else want a narrative/lore like this on Rhaegar's p.o.v about what happened before/during Robert's rebellion?
If this is a possible spin off will there be animated rhaenys sex?
First, House Durrandon's sigil was a rampant stag with a crown, the crown was removed after the battle of the conquest, only to be added back by Robert after the rebellion. Second, The Martells din't rule Dorne because no one wanted the desert. Their full name is House Nymeros Martell of Sunspear, which indicateds their liniage back to Nymeria the Rhoynar queen who took Lord Mors Martell as her husband when she fled Rhyone after it was taken over by the Valyrians.  The Dornish are the only people to withstand the conquest of Aegon and his sisters, thus retaining their Prince/Princess status. Just because the show-runners don't have Indira Varma to show off, doesn't mean Dorne is a crap wasteland
Can someone subtitling it in Spanish?
Give credit to Harry Lloyd.
Is it possible that Aegon is the god of fire ?
weekly priority place changing french her alliance merely inspection
What songs are used in this video?
Let's be serious! Highgarden looks way better than in the show!
I want this animated series, please
Why have they released this now they normally Waite until the DVD comes out.
I can't wait to see the rest!
Aegon's Sister were hot.
They definitely have to make a prequel of GOT, oh please, please. Kind of like Harry Potter and Fantastic Beast AWTFT.
More likely, Aenar met with some mishap at court and chose exile over execution. \n\nYou literally just spoke of an empire built on wonder and marvel, dragons soaring in the sky, sorcery constructing cities of amazement, and you find visions improbable? Oh, Viserys. You lovable fool.
THANK YOU! AT LAST! PLEASE DO MORE!!!
I hope they are testing the waters for a full scale animated spin-off. Animation isn't cheap but with all the effects already put into GoT, I _imagine_ good animation can still be a lot cheaper than live action. That should open up for more creativity.
I just love Harry Lloyd's narration 😍 His reading of Dunk and Egg stories was just amazing
Hey sorry to be annoying but I just started my YouTube channel and if you could spare a little time to watch my first video about Game Of Thrones that would be great! \nVideo : https://youtu.be/kgIKYSAvlUA
now....hold on a sec... did i hear it right? even the dragons were burned? i thought Dany said fire cannot kill a dragon?
Am i the only one who wished that Peter Dinklage narrated this?  A few commentaries had his sass in the voice lol
These comments make me want to sell crack to orphans.
Is the doom of Valyria a mirror of pompeii?
Is that Harry Lloyd reading?
I got lost into this world and video so deeply it didn't feel like a 4 min video, more like 2. This was so good.
And this is why I love the Targaryens 💯
Is the narrator the guy who plays Viserys? It just really sounds like him.
So it's the rise and fall of the Roman Empire withe DRAGONS??? COOL!!!
Reminds me of the story of Atlantis.
Can't wait to watch the rest of these on some obscure youtube channel!
It took my awhile to realise this is Viserys's voice. Damn
They could honestly make seven more seasons of prequels to the GoT stories exploring the rich history of the world that GRRM has built.
That dragon model seemed oddly similar to skyrims dragons
Well... That's look pretty ugly and not so fine about history. That pilot made by a fan was way better to be honest:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVFDOdhVAJg
Who the hell narrates this? It doesn't quite sound like Viserys, is it Rhaegar?
It was the casterlys who hold the westerlands when aegon came to westeros and aegon burned the casterlys and gardeners and 10000 men whos swords make the iron throne
Thank you for this. I am a big fan of the show.
This is nice. I would say, though, that there's a slight detail with the information: the Targaryens didn't build Dragonstone, it was already there, as the westernmost outpost of the Valyrian Freehold.
Dis is all mind blowing, u guys should pls make a game from this, or something, a game where winter comes every December, and we can choose our houses, cos dere is only one season left and I don't want to ever forget u guys, just like everyone forgot abt Lord of the rings, and pls not a telltale game pls
I really hope with all my heart that its a sign of a spin off
House Arryn held the Vale. Or Rather the Vale held them. His voice tho' <3
Pull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out from ATM.\nThey works world wide. Are you currently Pin a financial \neconomy crisis Or dealing with Bad credit card debt,\nCool way to have financial freedom.\n\nAre you tired of living a poor life,\nhere is the opportunity you have been waiting for,\ncontact us today for a solutionWe are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before. \n\nContact us today for your Card. \n\nEmail Us today for more details: millercarson421@gmail.com\nCustomer Care Mobile Number: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Our Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg3S8MhitIY
I want more! Please :)
Can't wait for more incest!!!!
Ruled by great families who didn't know what greatness was, Aegon would teach them
Is this a hint of an Aegon's Conquest/Old Valyria prequel? :o
Is that Viserys i hear???
Just give me season 8 i beg ;-;
+Mehirrrathod
We need more!
Thankyou. Nearly in tears
Nice
That voice : )
Poha at least 20min ¬¬ goddammit
Looks Like PS2 Graphics !
Wonder who is narrating???!
GIVE ME MORE!!!
This is awsome
Harry Lloyds voice omg so hot
MORE MORE MORE!!!!
Epic
IS this Vicerys narrating?
Wonderful!
woooooooooooooooow
We want more , we want more ......
Viserys is that you?
Words are chosen wisely
Cant wait for chapter 2
THANKYOUUUUUUUU!!
Moreeeee
Whats the ost at :50?
Anyone notice viscerys voiced this?
Fuck valeria
Damn you..i want more
YASSSS
I'm 19 and that was my school😂
OMG THISE PROJECTORS WHEN THEN YEAR 6S FOLLOWED WITH A PENCIL
Literally my life.
I'm doing homework 😂😂😂
4:20 me 😂
Still the same tbh
59k and trending????
Maybe it's an English thing
All of the ones u picked are exactly the same as my school now 😂
SO RELATABLE and I’m 13!!!
I'm in year ten and my primary school was so bad, it was literally all of these 😂
Im in year 12 now but this is sooooo relatable for me!x
At my primary school in Key stage 1 we all had to change for P.E in the class rooms and then in key stage 2 the boys had to change in the corridor and girls in class room 😂
What kind of schools do u guys go too! Never had these problems haha
I'm only 14 and so many of these remind me of primary school it's actually ridiculous 😂
We had to get changed in the classroom in primary and I even thought it was weird when I was a child
I'm still in school now and it's the exact same
Most of the stuff on here are still in most the schools I have been to.
I'm at school now and I can relate to nearly all of these problems😂most of these were focused on primary school tho
There literally the same now aha
its the same now ahah
seriously schools are no different now
The TV thing we used to get in year 2 in Italy lol
i'm in year 10 and literally all of these are relatable
School has not changed. Not. One. Bit.
I'm crying he thinks school is better now lmao dw I'm in 8th grade and I relate to like 99% of this video
no my school is so old there is nothing remotely modern in it at all. some classrooms still have black boards 💀\nBUT IT IS A GREAT SCHOOL AND I LOVE
Omg I'm 12 nearly 13 and most of them were literally my school 😂
2017 and my school is exactly the same 😩
The year 4 changing thing is true 😂
We still have all that crap now, blue mats and everything hahaha
i go to an all girl public school rated 5th best in the country and it's still as shit as the one down the road😂
I'm in school now and I still have the majority of these things!!!!
Marcus im In grade 8 and or history teacher still uses that projecter
Literally just had to go through all of this
it is not that different even now
Number 43 on trending like how????
My school did the exact same with the whole 'new science block' but it's going to take so long that you're not actually going to see it and get any use from it🤔
Up here in Scotland, we interchanged in the classroom too! From P1 right through to P7. We would all get changed in the classroom at the same time until P4 or P5, when the rule then became the boys or girls would change first while the others waited outside the room, then switch.
so most of these are exactly my school but for the changing room..... till year 4 we all got changed in our class and then in yr 6 we done the same thing only that girls went it another classroom to get changed... cause years are split into 2 boys were in one to change and the girls in another. I'm currently in year 9 and since year 7 all boys get changed in the pic you showed xD
Jesus that reminds me of when I was at school
School Is pretty much exactly the same now
3:36 the textbook says 1D AF whoever wrote that. Same
I actually am watching this instead of writing an essay.
This was the most realatable thing I have ever watched
I'm in year 11 and that is the exact same as my primary and secondary school
we used to get changed in the classroom too!!
P.E. Lessons are the same you just get given one of those fuck off hard ass blue mats to DO forward FUCKING rolls on 😂😂
I just relived my childhood in a video 😂 and tbh schools haven't changed that much since 😂
Yes my school was very similar. I guess that was just the way it was in the UK the past decades...
i'm in year 11 and that's still literallyy my school to the tee
Am I the only one that likes moremarcus better than the main channel
I had to change in the classroom for PE  up until year six. We had a changing room and all, just didn't use it for some reason.
I'm 14 and we still have all of that crap haha.
I'm in year 10 now and can confirm that school's are still exactly the same as this
School is the exact same now. Well mine is at least
Exactly like my high school which has now been knocked down and houses are now there
My school looks like hog warts it was built in 1677 but it's just a normal school, not a private school
We had to change for p.e in the classroom  up until year 6
This is literally primary school and I'm only 15 now
,y school is very so al
School is shit still lol
had to change like that in the classroom up until year 6 it was so awkward😂
Lol I'm 14 and the only thing that wasn't the same as yours was we have smart boards. We also got changed in classrooms until year 4 and then girls got changed in the cloakroom and boys in the classroom, so yeah primary school was shit😂
These things were only in my primary school, secondary school was much better
No in my old primary school which was 3 years ago exactly the same but now just in the small space of time everything has changed
The most relatable thing i have actually ever seen
I'm 13 and the majority of these things remind me of primary school so much 😂
We had to do changed in class room
Literally both my primary and secondary school. So funny looking back at it now 😂
Really wanna know what school Marcus went to
Schools are literally still like this
I'm in yr 7 I RELATE SO FUCKING MUCH
Is it just my school that lets you got out for lunch? Also in my primary everyone has to change together till like P6/Year 6  thinking about it now it's so weird😂
Im quite lucky i went to a good achool
Most of these things still happen now!!
I can relate to everything, my primary had everything on this list!! And I'm only in S4 (Year 11)
We used to throw wet paper towels at the windows or if the windows where open we would aim for the younger kids hahah
In my primary school all the boys and girls were in the same classroom getting dressed until the end of year 6😂😂There was no changing rooms😂😂
im 16 and i went to primary school from 2005- 2012 and then secondary school from 2012-2017 and my schools was exactly the same as this so things cant of changed that much cuz i could relate to every single thing on that list.
I moved to England and started year 10 here. My school was made last year and it's really good
These all still apply to school now lol
I'm watching this instead of homework
I'm in year 10 now bad this is sooooooo relatable 😂🙄
My school is still like that now 😂
when we went to the computer rooms to do mymaths but we didnt actually do anything😂
Its sad to see great youtube legends channel dying..but people like the Pauls Rise ..Smh
When I was in primary, I had to get changed in the class in front of everyone till year 6😩
He went to shoreham college, that’s my one lol
I'm 13 and my school practically has all of these!!
We go swimming and all get changed in the same room
Marcus I swear your old school is like mine now 😂 It is that 60's brick building and it is getting knocked down soon to be remade into a more modern school, but the younger years are like You'll miss out on seeing the new school building, you'll be out of school when it's been built! 😂
With the changing in the class , me and my friends used to run into the class to change to get this heat hiding spots from the boys . And we never can shower after pe .
when your form room is a temporary classroom so in winter those ultra hot radiators were your saviours
Naww, in primary 1 to 5 lassies had to change with the boys in the same classroom. Primary 6 to 7 we had to change in classrooms still but one was for lassies n one for guys.
omg my school is litrally exactly the same no joke
There's just drawings of dicks in our books lmao
all of theses things are the exact same for my school and we get outstanding from ofsted reports
2:56 My school did that up to year 4 and then the boys and girls would change in the two different classrooms. Worse though, if you did a sports activity during school, you had to get changed to the area where you would hang up your bags so everyone could see you. (I think the toilets were off limits to change in)
In my primary skl we changed in the classroom till yr 6 and now in secondary we have 2mins to shower?!??!?!?
Go to google and type: *gexxguides* You will definately get the only real working clash of clans 100% working secret by 2017
Michelle Williams needs to win an Oscar one day. Hopefully this is it.
What song is it ?
This movie is a fucking lie. The richest being in the history of the world is Mansa Musa of Mali a black west African man.
I will always like the best movie with Michelle Williams Lassie 1994
Mr. Getty is NOT NEAR AS RICH as todays ballers on Instagram. If he was he would have taken pictures of his food.
what would you pay for like this video if it's not from 2M views?
MONEY      !               MONEY        !                 MONEY         !
Ridley scott has awaken again
The trailer is a master-piece, give the guys who made this trailer a pay rise.
ms. spaghetti ms. spaghetti
I'm not a Getty. I just married one.
True godliness with contentment is itself great wealth. After all, we brought nothing with us when we came into the world, and we can’t take anything with us when we leave it. So if we have enough food and clothing, let us be content. But people who long to be rich fall into temptation and are trapped by many foolish and harmful desires that plunge them into ruin and destruction. For the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. And some people, craving money, have wandered from the true faith and pierced themselves with many sorrows. \n1 Timothy 6-10
This is the best film trailer that I've seen in a while, and the music is fire 🔥
Ridley's First Film With TriStar Pictures
GIVE ME THIS COOL SOUNDTRACK PLZ. SO BRILLIANT
what feels am I suppose too feel when I watch this :/ \nare people even going to walk up to me and say, oh man did you see All The Money you need to go see it \nthis is just another The Big Lebowski only it's not inventive, relates to no one and trys too hard
I hope Michelle Williams gets her 5th Oscar nominee
omg is this about gigi gorgeous's girlfriends family ?
is that a true story?
Song:  Zombies - Time of the season
now THIS is a movie I'd watch!
Nice to see Wahlberg playing an actual character.
Yep. Pay one ransom. It will happen again. People forget that. jrichardsingleton.blogspot.com
jesus christ, mark wahlberg is fucking everywhere these days. hes like the new rock
There's no fucking way that's Kevin Spacey! He looks so different!!!
What's with these trailers that got these fast highlights at the beginning? It's fucking retarded man.
We've pretty much just watched the whole story throughout the movie, thanks trailer!
PLEASE ENABLE CAPTIONS/SUBTITLES FOR BETTER AUDIO/VIDEO VIEWING UPDATE:Thank you so much everyone for viewing. if you enjoy my new beat smah the like button and share on social media a few times for me. https://youtu.be/liIjwh85jk0
At first, when the narrator in the beginning said, It's like we're from another planet. I thought it was a movie about the rothschilds. And I thought, the reptilian CGI, better be impeccable!!! But still COOL TRAILER, definitely give a watch!
Finally, something with a descent story line.
simply they told us all the story
whats the name of this song playing during the trailer????
i felt like i watched the whole movie...imagine the last scene of the trailer is the ending ...nothing  -plot twist!
i love watching people with more money than me buy stuff i'll\ntake 83 tickets
Promotional Offer: get an apple iphone for free. Claim & Have absolutely free iPhone 7. To successfully enroll and receive a Complimentary iphone go to the google search and type: *givefonesaway*
Kevin spacey is going to sue this studio, they put a random old dude and put his name in the trailer. lol
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
I like how everyone changed their accent but mark
First thing I thought of was Gettysburg.
Rothschilds have all the money but their net worth is unpublished
Lamorris Walker on Facebook is the next best actor rising
Be quiet about your wealth and avoid these situations.
The song in the beginning is called time of the season by Zombies
I didn't even recognize Spacey until they said it was him!
the boy who was kidnapped planned the whole thing
Will watch this movie for Kevin Spacey! <3
This trailer looks like crap to be honest. Walhberg or Mr Rich is the mastermind behind this kidnapping... as to what happens in between is neither here nor there.
Prob going to see this in theater
The trailer does an amazing job of making you want to know what happens in the movie.\nI don't really watch movies much at all, but this is one I might actually go see.\nHe says he'd pay nothing to get his grandson back, so I need to know by what means he gets his grandson back, if at all.\n\nWell played Sony
Is that Tom Cruise narrating this trailer?  Sure sounds like him to me.
That's how Donald trump will say if his grandson got kidnap 😩 How much money will you release to your grandson nothing 👏
I should've became an actor! U know what....I think I'll focus on becoming one. Headed to central casting!!
Anyone know the song?
WOW AMAZING STORY. I hope Michelle gets an Oscar or something for this role. She looks amazing.
Maybe ya'll will now get an idea how easily it will be for the jew IlluminAti to throw those who follow them under the bus.
topher grace from that 70's show is that you?
It seems like they gave away too much now. Mark may find a way to get Getty's son back?
At 1:15 they say the title of the movie.👍
saw this as an ad, and I just had to see it again.
Looked like a good film, then mark whalburg showed up
well since its sony i bet 500$ IT WILL FAIL AT THE BOX OFFICE
Lol I got 20$ on my pocket😁
I've lost all faith in Ridley.
17 million is pocket change when it comes to the actual wealthy
Wahlberg always has that same WTF is happening expression on promotional stills. 😨😱😵
Did they remix part of the original Zombies - Time of the Season just for this trailer or is there a full version of the remix?
Looks good, i like the remix of the song.
I would build a USS Enterprise - How about you ?
They kinda told the story in the trailer.
What? They manage to kidnap the grandson of the richest man in the history of humanity and ask for 17 million? Yeah that's a lot but c'mon might as well as for a few billion dumbass
; This motion-picture does a great disservice to J. Paul Getty, and, obviously, what else can one expect from liberal, anti-Capitalist, nin-com-poops?\n\nAs someone who was a young adult during this time, and watched it happen on television, and in the news-papers, J. Paul Getty couldn't pay the ransom, ( Although, later, he did pay a portion of the ransom money. ), because it would put any other of his family members at risk for kidnapping, or worse forms of extortion, i.e., Criminals are never satisfied, and will repeat the same stupidity, because criminals are insane.
If I didn't know better I would've thought that man was an old Bruce wayne in a live action film.
They are all entitled to NOTHING!
We [the super rich] look like you but we're not like you is a profound statement
Mark Wahlberg is Mr Propaganda at the moment. Boston Bombing CHECK. Gulf Oil Disaster CHECK. Improving the image of Billionaire businessmen CHECK. What's next scumbag
I really hate the few seconds of preview for the trailer in the beginning. I DONT NEED A PREVIEW OF A TRAILER DUMBASS
The kid is released six months after being kidnapped by some italian mafia. The kid goes to new york and becomes a heroin addict. He dies at 54. Boom saved you from another mark walhberg movie.
Song name?
WOW looks awesome..
Lizard people
Your grandfather was Mansa Musa?
Diamond tire charge employer reluctant spring Senate check wonder.
Nothing
Grandpa is savage af
dude said NOTHING....lol
Mark Wahlberg👌👌👌👌👍👍🙌
looks great
MUST MISS
Jake Paul Getty 1:52
That song 🔥
Wow definitely wanna see this. :)
n0thing
Jeez Kevin. Easy on the banana peels.
Hell yes!
Awww, those poor insanely wealthy people. breaks your heart.
Mark Wahlberg is my favorite actor
Simply go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You'll get the only 100% Working clash of clans 100% working secret by 2017
dumb
So confused on wtf this movie is about
If you enjoy my work, please consider contributing! You can make a one time donation at http://www.PayPal.me/ThisIsDanBell or support my work monthly at http://www.Patreon.com/ThisIsDanBell. Thank you and enjoy the video!
This movie is creepy as hell! I love it. Baltimore can be a scary place
U should do more vids like that Dan
Your use of music and sounds is so brilliant! Always pumped to see another upload!
He wanted you to open it so he could use your fingertips.
That guy you were with was Rick? Man he sure has a creepy voice.
i live in balto co. moved from the inner city decades ago the videos that is shown on utube of balto. just touch the surface of the decay of the city.leakin park is in west balto. and on some sundays a train club meets to give rides on there miniature engines i would not go at night during the day it is dangerous but that is with the city of BALTIMORE
why was christian nunez found in two places...
It took me a while to realize that that red blinking light was the tail lights reflecting on the bag and not something in the bag.
Dan .. do you have a death wish?! Why do you film alone!!!...yeesh boy you give me heart attacks...
30:42 Anyone else see the 2nd bag?
Dan, I've really enjoyed your videos.  I think you have an ability to capture an atmosphere that is completely authentic.  This video, however, is a real triumph.  I was on the edge of my seat.  You are a very brave man.
From 25:18 to 25:30.   Did you do anything that might cause a reflection?  If not you captured something interesting.
you. this. \nthis is amazing. \nyou, are amazing.
animal or human?\n\nyou mean a carcass?\n\nholy hell man.
The  Hae min lee part made me so sad
If anyone gets into my shot in public...i am not cutting people out!! If i did that with everyone then whats the point of filming.
Awesome video, but one safety tip. Wear boots when walking around areas like that. Something like Doc Martens, with the hardened, extra-thick soles. Last thing you want to do is step on a discarded needle, or worse.
Excellent. I enjoy your ability to go out there and explore in the dark.. but even more the narration of you in the dark.
Remember when you went into a crack house?
Great video, I enjoy the Another dirty room series but the exploration/eerie videos are the best.
This video makes Dan’s trip to abandon malls look like visiting Disneyland.
You got some balls man.
Someone got shot and reanimated into a walker
When he says that something stinks it looks like that stack of sticks might have something underneath
Did anything come of the EVPs?
Wow. What a sewer of humanity. Can you imagine 10 or 20 years from now what that place will be like? Much worse.,
dude, if you arent carrying a weapon, you are crazy.
Frank are you coming to Karen's birth day party this weekend\n\nPlease let me or Kathy know if you plan to. Thanks god bless!
This is literally scarier then IT. That movie wasn't scary to me but this right here scares the shit out of me.
Japan has suicide forest Baltimore has rapey/murder forest
I got a story about things in bags. \n\nSo my cousin lives in New Orleans, and me and my family visit frequently. We like to walk along the levy as well as explore the shore of the Mississippi. We were just talking, minding our own buisness, throwing rocks, etc. And we saw a plastic bag that looked like it had something in it. So we went to investigate and it kind of smelled. When we glanced into the opening we saw a snout. Upon looking harder, I saw claws and fur. We determined it was likely a racoon, but to this day I don't really care to much but it bothers me how that could've happened.\n\nEdit: It was a plastic store bag that are translucent.
Dan and Rick do it so you don't have to. You have guardian angels for sure, bt don't over tax them. Great film
That was great Dan keep the videos coming!!
Notice all the bottles of bleach next to where the bones were.
at 36:40 you can here someone say PLEASE HELP ME!!! It's really fucking creepy
get the popcorn out guys great video
leakin park more like linkin park\nI N   T H E     E N D     I T      D O E S N T     E V E N     M A T T E R
i liked your leakin park live streams better than this way more details there
Finds a bag in the woods:  Well, better kick it 30 times...
scary freaking me out seeing u in there GET OUT!!
at 25:02 you can see a mist on the left side of the screen (not saying it's anything paranormal) but at a place like that, who knows
With in gynn falls area is a very very rich area. The person who wrote the wire is from there. The area is gwynn oaks and the road is \n Wetheredsville Rd, Baltimore, MD 21207.
My cousin, Tommy got mixed in hard drugs after he had a brain injury as a teenager.  Long story short, his body was found in this park.   Very sad doc for me to watch.
At least give it a proper burial.
A gun fight? In Baltimore? Get out of town! I was trying to figure out how I got subscribed to this...... Must have been the abandoned mall videos. I'll stick around for those.
Cool video. I live about a mile away from there in a nicer part of Baltimore but have never visited that park for obvious reasons. Honestly though none of the creepy forest stuff spooks me. The crowded streets of Baltimore are way spookier than any isolated wooded parts. That's where people get killed constantly, they just dump the bodies in the woods.If you're scared of ghosts, move to Baltimore, you won't be any more.
I can't decide if this is courageous or stupid.
Honestly it sounds like a gun range to me, i grew up living by one, and shooting at a gun range
Wtf man, people just don't give a shit about our planet anymore
OMG why do you go there alone??? I am so scared for you. And gun shots oh no my goodness
So happy that dan is doing creepy stuff. Literally first thing I'be watched outside the dead mall series. Thanks Dan, now I have to start bingeing your channel again.
And people say Detroit is bad? Baltimore is by far worse. A lot worse.
That  cop was too scared to open that bag he just slashed it and backed the hell up haha
Great video as always, Dan. That said, I believe you should blur the faces of people that asked not to be recorded. You are completely in your rights to record whoever you please when in public, but it is still a bit disrespectful. Especially since they had nothing to do with the crime.\n\n\nSide note, seeing all of the names of the victims marked on the map really gives it some weight, but when I saw infant. . .That was heavy.
You can't pay me enough to live in Baltimore.
This is soo good! Really love the camerawork and the voice over! Please do more like this! I love your work. Watching through the Dead Mall and Dead Motel series right now. One episode every night/evening!
tell us to where headphones then play the darn music loud....? wth
The fact that you didn't but the gunfire as a clickbait in the title actually made the video much enjoyable to me
Sounded like a war zone, or 4th of July, with all that poppin! Good one, but be careful out there! ;)
Honestly...I know you wanted to find out what was going on and get a good filming opportunity, but you really should kind of back off the cops when they're working. The gunfight was clearly very recent, they might've still been looking for suspects, trying to rope off the area, and getting close and trying to ask what happened is a problem. Especially when a bunch of people do it in a crowd or something, which is what usually happens. And most of the time, the cops aren't actually allowed to tell you what happened until the event is over.\n\nAnd I think, if those people really didn't want to be on camera, it might've been polite to blur their faces...
Stop going solo to bad spots like these you are going to end up getting hurt really badly or killed by dumb asses. Please take someone with you or at least carry a gun.
I swear Rick makes the video better. 😂😂😂😂
You guys are either very brave or totally nuts. Either way, this was a great video. I hope you do more like it. \nDo you guys live in Baltimore? I live in Maryland but not in Baltimore.  I don't even like to go there when I have to. However, there is a very good hospital up there. UMMC literally saved my life. \nYou guys, please be very careful when you go out doing something like this.\nDid you ever find out what all the gun shots were about, and if anyone was hurt or killed?
I have to pause this to rinse out fucking hair dye and I'm freaking out, man.
Glad you guys are getting popular and recognition. The hotel videos alone are fucking hysterical.
Very Creepy , your a very brave man to film this stuff on your own at night .   \nKeep up the good work and looking forward to more Dead Mall Series video's
ive found about 100 plus bags like that during my career, mostly dead chickens and fighting dogs, never a person. there is a section of road we do that they have found 10 bodies on this year alone. for a while we had dead chickens with cash under then mostly 10 dollar bills. nothing like blood money for real.
when you zoomed in on Hae Min Lee i got chills
This is the first video of yours other than retail archaeology I've ever seen...holy shit great work
Nothing like a gun fight to start your day off right
gunfight in baltimore...\nwhat else is new?
Thank you for this! i really enjoyed this video! haven't been scared in a while
That's just crazy walking through those woods. I live in Morrall park Baltimore city of course!! And do not walk alone in the dark. Be safe!!!!
Damn dude! You have huge balls to get alone there... Anyway, this is finally the best real horror documentary, well done Dan!
Unfortunately that second place is probably an animal dumping site either for dead ones or ones still alive...
This was excellent, please make more videos like this, the filming and production quality are amazing. I felt very anxious watching while you filmed alone, though!
Very interesting juxtaposition of the natural setting of the park and the urban crime of the city surrounding it.  Fascinating and chilling.
When was this video made?  I was in Baltimore this past weekend
That just sounds like a gunfire exchange.  And then off he goes further into the woods.  That was the funniest thing I've seen in weeks.
So you did tip the local police to where you found those bones right? I know I sound like I'm jumping to conclusions, they're just as likely to be animal bones. Yet the pelvic looking and leg-ish looking bones right next to an old boot in a park notorious for dumped bodies...
Did you tell the cops that you heard the shots? Even though you didn't see something, you could have told them what you heard.
This was incredibly well done!
Fantastic and terrifying, stay safe Dan 💛
I was waiting for slender man on the night video
EVPS MOTHAFUCKA!!!
Ewww
Baltimore, a helluva town.
Likely haunted by Chester Bennington.
nice camera man so clear
Probably where people do satanic rituals
7:10
Those weren't animal bones
CRAWLING IN MY SKIIIINNNNN. oh. its LEAKIN Park...
EVP'S motherfucker!!! 😂
EVP's mothafucka! - Rick
Crawling in my skiiin
Hey Dan drives an X 3.🙂
The Baldamor accents are priceless
That was incredible.
why does this not show up in youtube search !???
Cheryl who?
OMG I LOVE IT!
Potential to be a hit if she promotes it well and the radio stations put it on their playlists.
Brilliant ,She deserves a top 5 hit at least 💯👌 What a voice n she is HOT 😈 and Irish
YESSS NADINE! That's how you do a COMEBACK!!! 😌🙌🏾❤️
who's here before #OneMillionViews?
DM'ing Nadine my resumé in the hopes that she can land me a job at this office
*_CHERYL WHO??????_*
One of 2017 best songs!! <3
Just when y'all thought that she couldn't top the masterpiece that is, Insatiable she comes out with this. 😌😚💅🏾👑💄💋🔝💯 #SNATCHED #QUEEN #GoToNUMBER1
Let's dance till our wigs get off, queen NUHDEEN deserves it !\n#TeamNadineFRANCE
i love it!
I love this song! Thanks for remembering your US fans. I can't wait for the next single.
What a fantastic voice, kind regards from Ecuador!!!
We need more views, she is amazing, love the song!
I hope this song does well
There's something with Nadine that you can feel and see her inner diva!! My god every music video she has done her inner diva comes out! And I love it!! Go girl!!
Love this sound! :) Let's hope for a complete project with an album.
I like this new song by Nadine! 😊xx
Brilliant and so catchy. Nadine works it in this video. Definitely best member of GA for me. Hope people get behind this and it's a great pop song.
This will be my favorite song of all time, I love you Nadine Coyle from Venezuela!
I love this song it's so catchy.
Omg she's amazing!
Does anyone else think she kinda looks like a squirrel?
OMG I miss you bitchhh 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
I love you, Nadine, but DAMN. You know what the gays want, so please give it to us! A pop video needs different outfits besides them fierce hairflips! You could have done a different theme for each of those 2 parts of the video: 80s work & 2010s work. 2 cars, 2 outfits, 2 hairstyles, 2 cellphones, 2 offices with different computers (old and new)... \nWishing the best to the next single!
GREAT SONG & MUSIC VIDEO!\nI'M IMPRESSED!\nWOW!
Anyone else Think she should Make a new Album!!!
Cheryl who? Amazing Nadine <3 <3 <3
Love it😍👌
oh my gosh I’m so proud agagaggagagqtgq
Love this!
Good work! ))
Amazing voice welcome back sis
Wish they would put more effort into Nadine's career as Cheryl's. This song is too generic and her voice and she deserves better. Atleast Cheryl had catchy songs even though her voice is shite.
Im seeing Dua Lipa set some tendency on music videos... only thing I dont like is her make up and hair, make her looks a bit older
it feels like a britains next top model challenge but i love it anyway. justice for nadine !
This is how you make a BOP
Mollie King is officially canceled.
Tulisa ???
Much much better than Insatiable
1:34 me thinking about going to work
Amazing song
I was waiting for Days for this Song to be released and boy was it worth the wait.   It's got a Blue Eyed Soul Vibe to it but she was always good at that.   I could see this Song & Video being on BET (Black Entertainment Television) who also played Adele's Videos.  I also love The Video itself.  It shows Professional Women Of Color who look like they came straight out of Essence Magazine (The Longest Running African American Women's Magazine In The US that debuted in 1970).  Can you imagine how The Irish POPSTARS' must feel now. They sneered at her back in the day, now look where she is and where they are.  I would be so embarrassed if it were me.  You Go Nadine You Beautiful Blue Eyed Soul Sistah!  The best is still yet to come for you.
She needs to find herself a better label.
By FAR best voice from GA!!!!
She has good voice
I live in the USA ST LOUIS TO BE EXACT I play this In my car despite all the rioting that's happen it's my MOTIVATION SONG TO KEEP GOING LOVE AND THANK YOU NADINE XOXOX
When i first heard this track i hated it. It's been a few days now and i cant stop singing it.
I think the song is a bit generic and disappointing but I will support Nadine on this no matter what. I hope the album comes soon and is great.
Nadine de volta e eu nem tava sabendo... vai ter álbum?
Bring that money home, honey. Welcome back Queen.
Good work Nadine. Great song!! From Argentina
this song seriously grows on you! <3
Love it, Nadine is great.
She looks like Figueroa from OITNB
🔥🔥
bloody love this!!
Wow una artista nueva, su voz es muy hermosa. Esta canción es buena
Daaamn
Awesome song and video and Nadine looks hot 💙
wow  im wow  wow WOW GIRL WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dua lipa new rules?
Slaying 👑👑👑
👍
SO good! Awesome Nadine! X
share this
Stunning as always💟
AN ICON!! looking incredible
Stunning. LOVE
Love this song 👌🏻😍👌🏻
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, Yes, Yes. Yes. Yes.
PRETTY. 🤣😂😅💕
Yaaassssss Nadine! This song slays
debería tener mas vistas
Omg luv u girll
instant noodles
Just Amazing!flawless,class,fierce ✅✅✅❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥
Yes ma'am!
Full on BOP.
DOES ANY 1 ELSE AGREE WITH ME THAT THE TRUE TALENT ON GIRLS ALOUD NADINE COYLE NEEDS TO BE A JUDGE ON THE VOICE OR X FACTOR.  ITV PLEASE HAVE NADINE COYLE AS JUDGE ON THE VOICE.
It's an enjoyable video but I feel like this really needed a dance routine! Love the song though.
She is nothing without Girls Aloud ... sad to say but the 5 girls together are the best ! Chemistry ...
Such a copy of Britney's ''Womanizer'' video. Like if you agree.
Aw great, another piece of manufactured crap that sounds like every other song on the radio. It's already flopped
she's been out the music scene so long she's vertically forgotten
She is stunning but the video and song is shockly bad. I hope she is more picky going forward as she is capable of smashing out no1 records
Awful music but she is stunning.
I met her she thinks she's so famous I was working at a store and she walked in with her child and she gave this golden credit card thing that said her name😂
I don't know why but this song reminds me of Daft Punk - Get Lucky
I always was mesmerized by her in girls aloud, but it was due to her looks. I thought girls aloud we're known for lip syncing. I don't know if this is her honest voice, but the lyrics is kind of terrible especially for someone who wants to break out, so to speak.
love it but I can't with her trying to move her eyebrows every time even though her face is so full of botox lmao
Sorry this is terrible
Britney Spears womanizer 😍
What a flop sorry
Theme tune for Jeremy Kyle lol
Why dont you stop singing
I'd smash.
<3 About damn time!
Kimmich the assist man!
Wait robben has a right foot?
I saw Rudy's attempt live on T.V. and I was in shock. If that would have gone in, it would have been one of the best goals this season...
Rudy's volley would've been spectacular
Coman has so so so much potential! \nIm glad we are back to winning ways.  \nAlso nice to see other teams putting up a fight,  makes the league interesting.  (:
3 assists from Kimmich!
Adler conceding vs Bayern: better love story than Twilight
Y James ? 😂😂
he does have a right foot
Ancelotti has to imprive the defense. He has 3 of the best 5 CD in the world with Hummels, Boateng and Martinez. But Ancelotti is not able to stabalize the defense. Sometimes the defense is just terrible. Thiago is not a good 6 he is a better 10 because he does not win many tackles. Ancelotti has not found the best 11 just yet and has to improve the defense.
Bayern wins the champions league don't @ me bruh!
rudy deserves starting xi .
Rudy was a great find by Bayern. Hummels on the other hand is overrated. Keeps giving the ball away and his pace is so lacking he can't catch up
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
Now can Dortmund fans shut up and stop saying heja Dortmund top of the league we are the best
Lewangoalski !!!
Best league
lewan goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool ski
Thomas Muller, Frank Ribbery, Lewandosky, Robben >>\nCAPOS of Bayern Munich !!!!
good for Bayern Munich
kimmich were great
Kimmich has great potential he is only 21 and has a great career upcomimg
Bayern could have won by like 8 - 0 that game
How would Bayern perform if they were in the Premier League?
Con jajajajames en su posicion natura (la banca)l el BAYERN ES UNA MAQUINA :v
I saw this live on fox
Neymar, Draxler, Mbappe, Cavani will not miss these opportunities
Muller = Deflection specialist.
Sub to me pls and great games
Get the highlights of tier 5 up
Robbie Savage once described himself as 'World Class' because he once did a good marking job on Gianfranco Zola. True story.\nHow this guy gets paid to give his opinion on football is beyond me. He was a bang average player at best during his playing days and now is clearly an absolutely deluded pundit.
Utd fan but on current form de Bruyne probably is but pogba was up there to but now he's injured :(
De bruyne is such a brilliant player to watch. His technique is outstanding and has brilliant vision. We have some great plauers in the pl so its hard to say hes the best but hes up there. Defo one of the best mids with pogba eriksen etc
Pogba more like
1st
Probably aguero
Probably Ashley Young
Hazard\nDe Bruyne\nAguero \nSanchez\nMkhitaryan
Dumbazz cracka jus got dumba
Savage pronounced Pogba wrong
Jamaal Lascelles is the best player in the Premier League at the moment ⚫️⚪️
This show is a crappy bootleg of soccer Saturday
As a Man Utd fan I have to say it's between Sanchez or Hazard. De Bryune definitely in top 5.
Pogba more like
Who else missed her Vlogs?!
Thank you Lancome for supporting our lovely Estee <3 Great colaboration
Estée I was smiling ear to ear when you interviewed Lupita! Like my cheeks are hurting because I'm so delighted for you - it's such a cool opportunity. Lupita has such poise and grace so I can't wait to see the video on Lâncome's UK channel. Love that bit about the camera being as tired as you - legit lolled. So much love, keep killing it Estée! 💜 x
Do you ever just pinch yourself and think how did I get here?.  Couldn't happen to a nicer, more genuine person.  ❤️
Yaaaay, you went to The Butchers Daughter! That was the place I recommended when you asked about turmeric latte, I hope it was delicious!
forever hoping my greyhound and I run into you one day <3
That was so cool! You did a wonderful job.
Both of my doggies just passed away so thank you Estee for posting a video today to make me feel less alone <3
Missed your vlogs so much 💖
Every time I watch your vlogs, I am always reminded how humble and funny you are. This video is the perfect reason why you're my role model. Even though you've accomplished so much, you're always so honest. I appreciate seeing the behind the scenes of everything you do. Thanks for always staying classy yet sassy 😘 xx
Omg, Estee!! I think I might've seen you when you were in NYC, because I remember seeing those Greyhounds as well! And I think I drop off tickets at the hotel you stayed at ALL the time if you were at the one I think you were at.. (I work for a Broadway ticketing agency in NYC so I go to a bunch of hotels everyday).  Wow, small world and I really hate myself for not paying more attention now! Hope you had a good time here. Next time if you're in that same area, if you like dim sum go to Nom Wah Tea Parlor. Their pork buns will change your LIFE.
Estee gets to meet Lupeta!! OMG I want to be Estee now
More vlog,it is amazing!!!
wagwan 🅿️engting u r 🔥🔥🔥 hmu w ur bbm pin B😍
Yaaay missed the vlogs! <3
love your vlogs!!
Lupita!! <3 Awesome Estee
Estée! Seeing your cute Reggie boy over the years inspired me to get a greyhound too! I now have a black greyhound named Ollie and he's the love of my life!
esteé... i miss your vlogs 😭😭😭😭
Lupita!!!! Wow well done Estée absolutely amazing
Lupita is everything goals, but those arms 😍 #armsgoals
Lupita is so lovely
My two faves 😩😍
Black top, green trousers: dapper kim possible!!!!
I'm a nurse and always wear a ROUGE lip for work. Brightens the uniform beautifully. Just so you know.
So beautiful! My ideal woman!😍❤️
I paused doing yoga momentarily to admire those greyhounds because OH MY LORDY, THEY WERE SO STUNNING 😍😍
How exciting! I love your vlogs!
Hello! I'm yet another proud Brindle Greyhound mumma who fell in love with greyhounds through you, Aslan and of course the ever so handsome Reggie. I remember always being so obsessed whenever Reggie would appear in videos/blogposts/instagrams, but what I remember most vividly is when I finished Bloom on a flight back to my home here in Melbourne, I just kept thinking that I knew I needed to adopt a grey. Best decision I've ever made and my beautiful baby Sydney is the absolute light of my anxiety-filled life! She's on her way to becoming a social media star over on instagram (@doggosydney) and I just know that she is just as grateful as I am for you guys showing us the wonderful nature of greyhounds <3 xx
I dont think I have ever seen donuts look so good like damn!
I'm so happy for you Estée!
*How to Type Bold, Italics, and Strikethrough in Youtube*\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-2l55w-lC7gVoda6NDvDNQ?sub_confirmation=1\n*_P_*\n*_L_*\n*_E_*\n*_A_*\n*_S_*\n*_E_*\n\n\n*_S_*\n*_U_*\n*_B_*\n*_S_*\n*_C_*\n*_R_*\n*_İ_*\n*_B_*\n*_E_*
Love it, Estee! You do such a great job on these interviews. 😊
Oh Lupita is such a nice person! Glad that you have had a chance to talk to her, the interview went really well! Good job Estée! :)
since today i am following you again. i unfollowed you about two years ago because i did not like your then- vibe that seemed to me a bit narcissistic. now you are obviously so centered, relaxed and good in your skin. i appreciate your grown up approach to your channel and the responsibility that you are willing to take and to use. plus that i believe that aslan stimulates your creativity which i think is so special. congrats estee, thank you, looking forward following you. hugs from switzerland.
OMG she is just so beautiful, even the way she speaks is just mythical, love love love Lupita!! <3
How exciting, Estee!  You ROCKED it!!!  XOXO from Eagle Rock, CA!
Lupita is beyond gorgeous! Also i loved your outfit with the mango trousers x
Thank you for being so transparent and showing your Lancome guides. There is some times so much inauthenticity in blogging and it is refreshing to watch your videos. ❤️❤️❤️
I love those green trousers!
wow such a fantastic opportunity to interview Lupita, she is a fantastic woman! Thanks for sharing this with us Estee, another superb vlog!
OH ESTEE My world is complete again seeing you vlog! They are my partner and I's favourite thing in the world :)
So happy to see an estee vlog in my sub box x loved it x
I miss New York so much love the vlog
I love your blogs more than chocolate... and that is saying something! The reason is definitely just how lovely and classy you are Estee! You are calming, funny and just a joy to watch 😃🤗.
Ummm... Is there any better way to see NYC in one day than spending it meeting the fabulous Lupita??!! She seems so lovely - what a wonderful opportunity!! I absolutely love the black heels you wore at the end! They showcase toe cleavage so chicly!! The doughnuts also looked like they were amazing!! What a wonderful vlog - gracias!
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Hi Estée have u lost weight recently ? Probably because we haven't seen u much on YouTube looks like u have
Estee please be safe in London since Theresa May called for martial law. Cray!
Yasss Estée 💕🙌🏼 killing it like always, and you did great on the interview ✨
Omg I remember when you and Claire got those dough doughnuts way back when! I'm so excited to watch the interview with Lupita too, I can tell you killed that interview :)
Thanks for making videos!! Love the vlogs!! Wide angle lens is making me ill. Why so wide?
Lupita is effing beautiful and seems like a cool person!
Ohhh I have to share this after watching the interview! I'm a nurse and 99% of the time on my shifts I wear barely any makeup. Mostly because of the hospital, i just feel gross with it, but also because it somehow just gets all over my face by the end of the shift. My coworker, on the hand, is just how Lupita describes herself - wearing all sorts of lipsticks based on what she feels like that day. My coworker will wear anything from a dark red to a bright plum. And somehow it stays put all day! I really don't know how she does it!
We actually started the process of getting a greyhound a while back (inspired by Reggie of course!) but they wouldn't let us because I have a young daughter 😭😭😭
Psst the original Dough is in Brooklyn ... I think it's better, cooler at least! Donuts opposite the projects.
That Sephora and Dough Donut shop is literally across the street from my job ☺️ how cool would it have been to run into you!! 😊
Are you employed by Lancôme?? I love your sense of style!
Well, I'm sure the trip was worth it! 😉😃
What camera do you use for vloging!? the video quality is amazing!!! love everything you do:)
Lupita is such an amazing human being and so goregous
The 'h' in horchata is silent 😉 the donuts look too good. So delicious
Great video, Estée, and it's good to see you back! An FYI: if you're ever feeling like you need a bit of home comfort, there's a Canadian selling poutine, the real McCoy, on Brick Lane at a food stand. My daughter went and she said it's authentic! 💕
Thank you for your video.
estée you looked really hot in that evening outfit!💕
Ohh lady, I'm so happy for you! This was amazing! ☺️
On first name bases with oscar winners ! Well done !
So, so, so, SO good to have you back!!!
You did an awesome job interviewing Lupita! What an honor to meet her; she looked stunning! Both of you make great ambassadors for Lancôme. Thanks for sharing NYC with us, even if only a few hours. ❤️
loved this video! keep it up estée! <3 <3
Love the Church's Estee, my parents' family business is selling English handmade shoes (repairing them is the family tradition really, a family tree of shoe repairers!) and we also sell Barkers which have some pretty colourful ones out atm for ladies and gents, just thought you might like to browse their ladies collection too :) loooong time fan of your videos, love them! xx
Your vlogs are the best! I found myself smiling throughout the video :)
wow you two are so beautiful!! Love you ♥
You have such an attractive way talking with people, I feel like I could hear you talk with me all day! Beautiful vlog tho 💖💛
Awwww...I missed this, whoop! PS: That leather skirt is hawt on you whoa, Lady!
It's true every time I see Estée interview people in her vlogs she does such an amazing job! Ps those donuts looked amazingggg 🍩
So good to have you back, I've come home😊
I was just reading Bloom and saw that you uploaded! Love you and your amazing videos Estee!
You are frickin glowing in the first clip!!!
Looks like you jumped out of a 50s men's clothing commercial. Super groovy.
You're look at the beginning is very Elaine from Seinfeld 👍👍
Aaah never been to New York,but thanks to Claire Marshall Doug doughnuts is definitely a place I need to visit if I am ever there! Loved coming along to this city with you :)) x
I went to Dough when I lived in NY because of you and now seeing you going there in the vlog made me so happy!!
Aww Estée, I saw a post on one of the Greyhound Facebook groups I follow about a lady meeting you in NYC with her doggies, it caused quite the stir in our little group, everyone was so excited! My boyfriend and I adopted our greyhound Ash because we fell in love with Reggie, it was the best decision we've ever made, they are such gorgeous sweet gentle dogs, truly magical characters with the biggest hearts :) Thank you for all you do to raise awareness of team pointy, I'm sure there are loads of other people like myself who adopted a greyhound after seeing Reggie, you're doing a fab job at spreading the word about how awesome these doggies are.  xxx
I understand why you've stopped uploading videos lately but that has made me realise how much I enjoy watching your videos. Thank you for doing your job with happiness and positivity , you deserve the best. :)
Gosh Lupita is like a godess, and that deep voice... daaamn
I think your style was kinda granny :P
Estee - where are your blue earrings from? I love them!
Estée! You also inspired me to rescue a greyhound as we unfortunately still have greyhound racing here in Sydney :(
That leather skirt tho. <3
I would be nervous too, she looks like the darkness within
Total Shit,neanderthls need to die from cancer quicker!
Am I the only person who's never heard of Lupita?
coming to stalk you in my robe soon, miss u already
Loved this so much. Estee you are the REALEST. Thank you for that xx
Doggies!!! i'm the same when it comes to beagles :)))
Hahaha poor sleepy, insane estee
Next time you're in NYC you should try The Doughnut Project. SO GOOOOD. I love Dough so much as well, but the Doughtnut Project might be my number one pick in New York. I'm drooling.
gurl, you could've used a better lighting!!!!!
He's been hitting the gym big time 👏👏
LET ME DO THE THING nick jonas babe, I let you do whatever you want to me.
People, stop commenting perverted things. You guys are so nasty. 😣😣
Nick's arms lookin good he looking good in general😍
Damn nick is THIC C squared
James is me 😂😂😂
Nick Jonas you sweet, sweet angel
damn daddy
He's so hot n buffed 😍
Is that how he spits shawn's asshole?
The things I want to do to him are too rude for a YouTube comment
This was really bad.
¿why my husband Nick Jonas are giving you a message?..
There is no need to worry, for God loves you all\nThursday, 8 May 2014 @ 23:30\nMessage 1120\nMy dearly beloved daughter, look around you and you will see many people living carefree lives.\nYou will see laughter, joy and great comradeship and you will know that only this can come from God.\nMany people, once they know the truth, will embrace me with open and grateful hearts and then we will be one.\nMy plan is to gather all and flood them with great love, joy and happiness.\nI will delight in my new Kingdom and there will be much laughter, joy and beauty, as well as eternal life.\nLove will exude from every single creature; every single soul and life will be perfect.\nWhen you worry about the future of the world, remember what I have told you.\nAll will be well, once I come to gather you, into the new world, without end.\nThere is no need to worry, for God loves you all.\nAs for souls who live a deprived and sorrowful life, they will be gathered first, if they accept who I am.\nThose who are in terrible darkness will be given \nextraordinary graces to cleanse their souls, so that I can loosen the \ngrip of the evil one over them and take them into the safety of My \nMercy.\nThis is a battle and it will be hard fought, but the \npower of the Most Holy Trinity will be exerted and \n                 souls will be \nenlightened, so that they will not perish.\nI will raise important leaders amongst you and with an\n army spread in every nation, you will swell and take with you most of \nGod’s children, into the New Paradise.\nLook to me with trust and do not fear My Love, for you\n must know that I would never willingly frighten you, because when I \nmake my presence known, it will fill you with great wonder and joy.\nI assure you, there is no need for fear, for I am love, itself.\nLove will soothe you and when you face me, Your Jesus,\n you will be struck with a sense of instant familiarity, which is only \npresent when your heart becomes entwined with mine.\nHow I love you all and how I yearn for your souls.\nYour Jesus\n\nShare this:
Happy birthday Nick Jonas. YOU'RE SO HOT. Ok bye.
OMG Nick Jonas is such a hunk...like I can't lol
nick looking like a SNACK
Could you please send me his curriculum? 😂
I would eat the pastry he spat on with pleasure while looking at him in the eye
so many hoes in this comment section .
I cannot stop staring at his arms!
i'd eat that pastry just saying
Wish I could change places with the host!!!, minus the audience  :-)
Why do they always do that weird thing at the start when there like yeah hi but I'm not going to saying anything funny until everyone is quite.......
Things you gotta do to promote your SONG!!
is he playing in a movie or does he just want to get huge ?
Nick Jonas stole my heart when I was only 14 and still does the same <3 :)
Saw him live last year...it was amazing!
The way he cleaned that pastry...
he's hot but I miss the slimmer version of him, beautifully perfect now he's a bit chunky... well hot anyways
The great guitar master xD
Oh how I wish he was an intern at my firm...
The reason he's so damn buff is probably because he played an MMA fighter in the TV show Kingdom. He's seriously ripped in the show. Its actually a decent show-turns out the kid can act and very well actually. Unfortunately it only has 3 seasons but its still worth watching.
He's so hot ugh
Is it me it or does his voice sound different?
The only guy that i think is the most humble person ever.
between 1d and nick jonas james is living every girl's dream. \nmaybe not every girl but sure as hell mine!
The way the shirt wrapped around Nicks muscles...  Oh child 🙌
Nick's muscles... OMG he's so hot!!!
James must of had a erection. Laying on the table. With nick Jonas messaging you. With those big strong arms 😂
Can nick do the thing for me too I'm dreaming about this since 2006
His so Freaking YummY :)
Embarrassing to see this fat tw@t as a representative of British showbiz.. About as funny as Michael McIntyre or Jimmy Carr.. (don't start me off!)
James if u dont want that sandwich ill eat it
His voice 😍😍
Nick 😍💖
❤❤❤
The funny seeing Nick Jonas giving James amassage
Lol James 😂
Nick seni yerim kfmfkd
BUFF!!!!
Nick The pussy wetter Jonas
Nick Jonas 😍
Nick is so damn buff 😍😍😍😍😍
ripped
ARRRRRMMMMMMMMSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
como la traigas Nick 😍😍
Nick is bae
SHIT.. I WOULD EAT DAT
Carpool karaoke with Shawn mendes please!!!!
Holy fuck Nick... you are so goddamn fine! Jesus
I like how James Corden looks so suprised when they walk in 😂
New favorite video ever😍
Nick has gone puffed up eh?? I like it❤😂
james is living the life I wish nick jonas would touch me 😤💦💖
Just let him do the thing
OKAY HOW CAN I GET TO HAVE NICK JONAS ~THING?
The thing
James should get out of the closet already
Me next!
Nick Jonas has and always will be my favorite Jonas Brother.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzAhZCMiUCI
My baby! ❤️ \n😫🤤🤤
Can I get that pastry???😂😍😍😍
Oh god, the amount of office rules I'll break when he interns at my work
When did his arms got so big 😍😂
https://youtu.be/riOq8pRl7vs
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Nick Jonas😍👑
hot AND has good comic timing
😲 when did he get that big???
WHEN DID HE GET ALL SIX-PACKIE!!! (aside from kingdom offcourse) <3 !!
Lord Jesus, my boy glowed up.
NICK JONAS IS HOT ASFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Damn! Nick Jonas is looking exxxtra beefy! Yum!
Nick Jonas is soooo hot
So amazing XD
Oh jeez he is buff 🔥🔥😏😏
lol 😂😂😂
Okay but Nick Jonas' arms 😍😍😍
Now I have masseuse fantasies. Massage kink is the best kink.
I think I need a massage too…… where's my NICK JONAS?
Goodness gracious gravy, he's so gorgeous
I need massage too.
HE'S DEFINITELY THE HOT ONE OUT OF THE OTHER BROS.
He so sexy! Getting Marky Mark vibes. 😘
Nick can sit on my face any day. 🤤
OMG Nick arms 😍
LOL he is so jacked!
BITCH HIS ARMS!!!
Don't worry London mayor khan will just say this is all normal events in a city...
Oh no!!! More terrorist attacks on our homeland!!! Better bring in more refugees!!!
Its sad people don't know we are the ones that brought this upon ourselves\nWe destroyed the middle east and destabilized it and fueled a extremist ideology. But hey people rather just blame others for a complicated problem than rather actually doing anything to fix the root of it.\nIgnorance is a bliss.
Religion of peace is so peaceful!
Theresa May might as well join the Labor Socialist Party. She is a cowardly panderer and a traitor to the real British People.\nMeanwhile the Hilary like mayor of London, Khan, sounds like Hilary saying 'we will not be divided'. Your Country is already divided you fool!
the religion of peace strikes again.
Didn't you guys expect this? It's normal for living in the city.
A lot of cowards commenting hatred behind their cloak of anonymity towards the diverse multicultural workforce in London. What they quickly forget is that the city subsidises a lot of the UK. I wonder how many out of work northerns are state dependent on the back of taxes from the ethnics in London? A lot I imagine. Now news reveals that the terrorist was an overseas refugee so not even home grown.
Bullshit: there was an explosion and the carrier and bucket is still in tact... after the explosion.
I wonder what poor smuck they are going to blame for their false flag.
Why do they have to investigate it to be a terrorist attack.  Nobody has went to wilkinsons and bought an ironing board that blows up
I even lost count how many times London was attacked this year alone. The old English charming town is gone forever. Sad but true.
Another ISLAMIC attack in London. I'm surprised. Boy that religion of peace really injures and kills a lot of people. Hmmmm
Religion of peace leaves another calling card. Gee.....could it be islamic terror....uh....let me think...reason says yes, but my multicultural side says it can't be....it's so confusing.....NOT!
In other news... Sadiq Khan said he would be awarding the two arrested men the London Peace Award for their efforts.
You've been bombing all life long  , so stop creating motives, to me it seems like that's a strategy of yours to keep your selves involved in the middle eastern affairs, therfore you should bare responsibility for what you do ... stop your war crimes and keep hands off the middle east , be ashamed of your selfs, you're the one's who created the PALESTINIAN problem and you're the ones besides Yankeeland who helps prevent the PALESTINIAN SOLUTION being puppets of Zionism, you must be ashamed of your inhumane acts , stop your ironies you're causing terrorism to then use it as a challenge of media and as an excuse for your war crimes , definitely it's an anti-islamic aggression you getting away with it since ww3 ??? !!!
Is it just me or is the woman's voice really annoying? It sounds like she's spitting in my ears when I have my earphones in.
It was confirmed as a Japanese Terrorist.
they were packed in like sardines.!!.why is it not illegal (for insurance purposes especially).surely if the train is jam packed with sardines,it should be illegal?,just a thought!...if you get on a bus....there is usually a sign stating the amount of people that it is allowed to carry?.yet they pack em in like sardines!.are the sardines then covered by insurance?.......sounds fishy?
Every single terrorist was a moderate once
The leftist our gunna kill us all
London was attacked by Romans, Germans and now terrorists.
Imagine my shock, another terrorist attack. In England of all places! Very surprising!
I wonder were is the al Qaeda the taliban disappeared to now a days.
why wudnt they bomb and kill poor children and people becus there getting sent jail couple month'years and back out again and repeating them self.. wronge evil people .once they leave UKIreland go to there own country learn bomb makeing shouldn't be aloud back to UK ....yes police be around tube station for next week make people feel safe but what happens next week when there none ...24-7 Need police everyday not just wen bomb goes off !!!!!!!\nno were safe....
And yet, as some sort of counter, they'll bring up American gun violence despite our 300 something million population and the gun violence only being prominent in areas that treat guns as they would the devil. And yes, most of the murderers who shoot up people are mentally deterred and not at all politically motivated. Believe it or not, people will do anything for their religion, people are very easily brain-washed.
Most watched city on earth with cctv and know one seen any one walking on a traine with a bucket but if a person wheres air max and a baseball cap they find out where they live in hours and have there picture up a every where ...
The Religion of Peace Strikes Again !!!
Cowardly, evil subhuman muslime filth need to be butchered off the face of the earth!
Inside job. MI5 corrupt terrorists, planted the bomb! All part of the agenda. \nProblem reaction solution!
I heard of this this morning and I was just like \n\n*just another day in london*
Ffs..does this incident qualify for the lighting of candles or does someone have to die..I will phone  sad IQ khan ..he will know
are they sure it wasn't someone using a discontinued samsung galaxy note 7?
That officer ran out of tape and looked anxious
Izlam .......... iz ........... EVIL\nget out and get your loved onez OUT while you can.
Stay calm,  you're being invaded.  They will slaughter you.,,,
This is what happens when you let millions of people whose ideology directly conflicts with the UDHR into a civilized country.
Someone just left their Note 7
Why do these terror attacks happen now?
this is scary i use the London under ground and seeing that really scares me
We should stop all reporting on these incidents. All we are doing is playing into the hands of fools who get glory and recognition on TV and in the papers for what they have done. We are, in effect, keeping their momentum going and playing right into their hands.
A bucket in a train, is that the best false flag theatre MI5 could come up with? LOL.
Looks more like an battery explosion/fire to me and batteries can catch fire and vent very quickly  - it will be interesting to see if this really is a terrorist incident.
All day I was wondering why my school was on lock down and now I realise how close I was to the attack. I get off at Fulham Broadway the station before Parsons Green. Not gonna say my school name but the motto is: Respice Finem.
Some builders paint went on fire
Europe needs to stop letting in all these refugees
Those responsible dont ve to use the tube\nThey are well protected
Yep England keep letting them in, oh and pay for them too..
No doubt there is an investigation underway and maybe security will be found 'wanting'. Politicians will once again be rolling off the heart felt sentiments and maybe some people will call for hanging to be brought back (dead jihadis!) and once again most people will lose sight of the obvious fact, how did they get into our country? Do you recall not so long ago the scandal of murderers being allowed to return from Syria, the only people who can allow that to happen is the government. Bearing that in mind, are the government not criminally complicit for any deaths by terrorist who have returned from Syria? Your views appreciated. God bless you all.
As long as you have a political ties with KSA you expect more than that!
i am sorry to say this, but feal i must. if there is a god, i,m sure he wouldt want all this blood bath and war. the god i grew up to know wants peace and harmony for all mankind and woman, not war and killings and bloodbath, peace and love.
Theres no proof that its an act of terrorism
lol it was the reporter
The world disgusts me now. What people do to each other
Wake up england wake up its getting late
London just can't catch a break can they.
Hey! Wait for the next attack. Till then  let the religion of peace lull the politicians to sleep.
Relax everyone they were obviasly explosions of peace and friendship.
So how's that diversity working out for you England?
Terrorists are like fleas you just can't get rid of them. You can give the kitty a flea bath, treat the kitty with pesticides and put a flea collar on the kitty, and yet the kitty will still have some fleas. So at the very least we should start viewing these terrorists as parasites. Then if somebody ever discovers how to get rid of fleas on a cat, then perhaps we'll know how to eliminate terrorists.
This is not a terrorist attack
cheers for funding them US and UK governments.
If we don't remove Kebab, this will just keep happening.
Oh look, it's more diversity...why are y'all complaining, it's just their culture?...don't you go being a racist bigot now, ya' hear?
People in the comments keep making jokes but what they're too blind to see is that this is serious and people have died, and are still going to die. I live here and it's scary knowing that everywhere I go there could be another attack. They have not made it safer because it's happening more often. Bullshit government we have over here!
Prayers from London to London 🙏🙏🙏well done America for not letting those refugees in 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
why do i get te feeling that all this is a lie? i guess im not surprised anymore oh and one more thing TERRORISM HAS NO RELIGION
Mayor Kahn of London is the problem not the solution.
and then the mayor is seen holding a dove...
Another fine job by MI5.  Terrorism is not existent since 1998.
When she says 4 attacks she casually missed out the attacks that were stopped at the last minute.
well at least they have common sense to say what it is right away... Americans (i live) be like... we aren't sure what it is and will let you know next week....
Morons are ruining Europe. European vacation? No thanks.
Oh hey look, number 14, nice job u.k, making the world see how peaceful and nonviolent your immigrants are. Honestly the u.k is one of the saddest countries now. They're literally being plowed and they're just laying there taking it because they aren't racist so they won't close borders
Religion of Piece !!\none human piece here ...another their
What a peaceful Religion. So peaceful. The religion of peace. Yes. Quite.
Fake attack
Still no word about Iraqi WMDs
Bullshit little bit fire
Thank you ,Sadiq Khan.
Terrorist incident
Any casualities?
London my love
Unbelievable...
Thanks Tony Blair!
Help biafara people in Nigeria.
Probably note 8
latihan. hahaha
And the Breaxit!😕
Ragheads at it again lmao
😣😣😣😣😣😣😣
Those pesky christians!!!
If this was a white man doing this then it would be called mentally ill man blows something up
I live in a small village in England where they haven't arrived YET. I keep a purdey  in the kitchen ready for when they do.
BRITAIN BELONGS TO WHITE PEOPLE
I sometimes think to myself what would the world be like without religion 🤔
kill the terrorists' families??
We should hit back, return the serve!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Muhammad was a pedophile
STAGED!!!
Mania is going to be one interesting album.
Wait those credits say pete wentz and pete wentz as the lamas, so it was suicide? WTF?
This is my jam, I love fall out boy so much. I used to listen to them 24/7 and I still listen to them often, I just can't let them go they are so good. Patrick's voice is one of my fav things ever like the way he sings just makes me so happy. The lyrics tho, they are always on point dark, honest and they stick with u. Like till this day I still hum centuries when I'm daydreaming. This new song is gonna be my go to song for so long now, i just know it. Thank u fall out boy for being so amazing.
After Young and Menace I expected a totally new and original/diverse album but the next singles has been more classic fall out boy with more electronic obviously. I hope there will be more Young and Menace-like songs in their new album
Been missing Young Blood Chronicles and got this instead... wishing there's no goat but...
There should be blood in the shovel
Body Removal by His name is Jeff I can't even rn 😂😭
Music industry puppet's
I want more and more more  songs \nFOB - the best
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH LIKE IT'S SO GOOD AHHHH
Loving this new vibe recently! Young and a menace is a complete banger and this looks like its gonna be big! Keep it up guys.
I like young and menace 😐 why eryyone hatin 4 😂😂😂
The lyrics of this is so fucking beautiful!!!!!
The shovel doesn't have blood on it???? maybe their fake blood budget was used up on the young blood chronicles
I have a few questions if anyone can answer them.....\n1. Why do fallout boy have so many subs with so little views?\n2. Why do the Killers have so little subs with so many views\n3. Why do the Killers have less subs if they are more famous, make better music and get more views?
wtffffff is it with these mobile legends ad im dyiiing
Am I the only one who keeps getting upset at the fact that their newest videos are never as good or epic as the ones from AB/AP or SR&R? Young and Menace was okay and Champion's video was just a huge ass advertisement. I like the newer music but the videos need to make a comeback!
This just out and replayed it 100x
i must say....one of the lamest videos ive seen in a loooooong time
Did anyone read the end credits\nJaden Smith and Blackber are the Llama Wrangling Specialist lmao
the song is nice but why are there furries?
To anyone complaining about this, especially if you consider yourself a fan, my mother is 56 and says you can go fuck yourselves because this is amazing.
But is anyone going to talk about the credits? \nBody removal by His name is Jeff\nStunts by Patrick's Hand \nI love these geniuses.
I don't normally like their more mainstream songs... but\nF U C K M E I N T H E A S S
We have some 2010 Dan Howell aesthetic right there
I sort of feel like this song is geared towards us, the fanbase. Some/many of us are emo, and I feel like it's telling us to be who we are, and not be ashamed. Just my thoughts :/
It says mania Corp. I feel another better living inc. coming on
This song makes me feel some type of way Idk. O-O
I swear, Brendon Urie was the other sheep
and finally sink the yamatoo !!
ha I love the end credits \nHIS NAME IS JEFF
I keep coming again and again.
I miss your old music😢
it's so lit, I unliked to like again *wow*
I did not expect that even with the warning
pete in the boot looks like danny de vito
Did anyone else notice this video is a complete rip off of Kanye's video for Flashing Lights?!
It's 5 a.m \nI haven't sleep yet\nI don't regret my life
VERY Maroon 5 sounding.. I love it
body removal by his name is jeff??? is that a my name is jeff reference??? or am I just talking shit???
in save rock and roll album every band member dies and now petes probably dead again
Is this supposed to be a copy of Kanye West's Flashing Lights video? Cause it's pretty damn similar. And I like it.
My dad found out I like Fall Out Boy and our conversation went like this-Dad: there's a show three hours awayMe: WhatDad: do you want to goMe: are you fucking kidding meMe: there are going to be thousands of people literally screaming and fangirls trying to kill each otherMe: fuck no
When falloutboi wants to meme\nHis name is jeff 3:39
This song is a 🅱️op
i crying at the credits at the end
Second Thoughts on the video with a listener who thinks too hard\n\n\n\nBrendon Urie killed Pete Wentz beef confirmed?\n\nCould these llamas be working for the cult from la Devotte because from young and menace has a kidnapped human child\n\nI'm here in the search of your glory. Was Pete trying to destroy the cult.\n\nBut what's inside you. Well, inside the fan girls is Pete's stick\n\nIf Brendon controlled the llamas, is he the new Hitler (sorry that's retarded)\n\nPatrick did not protect Pete very well with his lyrics\n\nIf Pete is dead will Brendon Urie replace him?\n\nThank you for reading my dumb thoughts, it really means a lot.
This came right after heads first slide into cooperstown on a bad bet and jesus the difference between the two songs gave me shivers
I was just an only child of the universe\nAnd then I found you\nAnd then I found you\nYou are the sun and I am just the planets\nSpinning around you\nSpinning around you\nYou were too good to be true\nGold plated\nBut what's inside you\nBut what's inside you\nI know this whole damn city thinks it needs you\nBut not as much as I do\nAs much as I do, yeah\n'Cause you're the last of a dying breed\nWrite our names in the wet concrete\nI wonder if your therapist knows everything about me\nI'm here in search of your glory\nThere's been a million before me\nThat ultra-kind of love\nYou never walk away from\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nYou're just the last of the real ones\n(You're just the last of the real ones)\nYou're just the last of the real ones\n(You're just the last of the real ones)\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nI am a collapsing star with tunnel vision\nBut only for you\nBut only for you\nMy head is stripped just like a screw that's been tightened too many times\nWhen I think of you\nWhen I think of you\nI will shield you from the waves\nIf they find you\nI will protect you\nI will protect you\nJust tell me, tell me, tell me, I\nI am the only one\nEven if it's not true\nEven if it's not true, yeah\n'Cause you're the last of a dying breed\nWrite our names in the wet concrete\nI wonder if your therapist knows everything about me\nI'm here in search of your glory\nThere's been a million before me\nThat ultra-kind of love\nYou never walk away from\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nYou're just the last of the real ones\n(You're just the last of the real ones)\nYou're just the last of the real ones\n(You're just the last of the real ones)\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nI'm here at the beginning of the end\nOh, the end of infinity with you\nI'm here at the beginning of the end\nOh, the end of infinity with you\nI'm done with having dreams\nThe thing that I believe\nOh, you drain all the fear from me\nI'm done with having dreams\nThe thing that I believe\nYou drain the fear from me\n'Cause you're the last of a dying breed\nWrite our names in the wet concrete\nI wonder if your therapist knows everything about me\nI'm here in search of your glory\nThere's been a million before me\nThat ultra-kind of love\nYou never walk away from\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nYou're just the last of the real ones\nYou're just the last of the real ones\n(You're just the last of the real ones)\nYou're just the last of the real ones\n(You're just the last of the real ones)\nYou're just the last of the real ones
Me : Listen to Fall Out Boy's new song\nBrother : k\n*after*\nBrother : I like young and the menace better\nMe : *triggered*
Champion champion I'm back with the madness im  a  c champion
it feels like a car commercial at first
intro gives me an Alan Walker vibe
When I saw this I liked the song but the video was creepy now I hate fall out boy
Play at 2x speed to see the original speed of the video
THE LLAMAS ARE BACK
my songs know what you did in the dark pt. 2
You've been my favorite band since forever 😭♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️ 🎶
I love the credits, I love this song! for some reason it reminds me of Daenerys Targaryen with you are the last of a dying breed and I'm here in search of your glory, this is what too much GOT does to you.
everyone here going like GOT A FALLOUT BOY AD! while i'm dealing with unskippable 30 second ads that i've seen at least 20 times
*A SPAGHETTI CAT PRODUCTION* thanks pete
Oh, now this I like.
3:30 what the fuck was i just smashing with a shovel?
Shout out to FOB for the return of their once nostalgic music I was so fond of in grade 8. This song was on another level, so good.
since the thing on march 22nd I'm instantly afraid every album of a band will be their last one and i really don't trust this shit
The last of the Real Ones vs. Pete is the last of the real Wentz (lyrics)\nPS: Honestly this was way too much work (no copy an paste)\n\nI was just and only child\nOf the Universe\nx2 And then I found you\nYou are the sun \nAnd I am just the planets \nx2 Spinning around U\n\nYou were too good to be true                (Don't want tilted to be true)\nGold plated                                               (Got play dead)\nx2 But what's inside you?                       (But what's inside you)\nI know this whole damn city \nThinks it needs you\nBut not as much as I do\nAs much as I do\n\nYeah                                                            (boi)\n\n(Chorus)\n'Cause your the last of a Dying Breed   ('Cause your the last of a Diane Bree)\nWrite our names into the wet concrete (When I kneel into the wet concrete\nI wonder if your therapist knows            (I wonder if it's ever Bi snow)\nEverything about me                                 (It's everything about me)\nI'm here in search of your glory               (I'm hearing such a good glory)\nThere's been a million before me\nThat ultra-kind of love (yeah)                 (That Ultron kind love (yeah))\nYou never walk away from                     (Never walk away from\nx7 Your just the last of the real Ones   (Pete is the last of the real Wentz)\n\nI am a collapsing star with tunnel vision\nBut only for you\nBut only for you\nMy head is stripped                                   (My head is trapped)\nJust like a screw                                        (Just like a school)\nThat's been tightened to many times\nx2 When I think of you\n\nI will shield you from the waves               (How much children from the waves)\nIf they find you\nx2 I will protect you\nJust tell me, tell me, tell me\nI-I am the only one\nx2 Even if it's not true \n\nYeah                                                             (boi)\n\n(Chorus)\n'Cause your the last of a Dying Breed   ('Cause your the last of a Diane Bree)\nWrite our names into the wet concrete (When I kneel into the wet concrete\nI wonder if your therapist knows            (I wonder if it's ever Bi snow)\nEverything about me                                (It's everything about me)\nI'm here in search of your glory              (I'm hearing such a good glory)\nThere's been a million before me\nThat ultra-kind of love (yeah)                 (That Ultron kind love (yeah))\nYou never walk away from                     (Never walk away from\nx7 Your just the last of the real Ones   (Pete is the last of the real Wentz)\n\n(Bridge)\nI'm here at the beginning of the end \n(Oh) The end of infinity with you\nI'm here at the beginning of the end \n(Oh) The end of infinity with you\nI'm done with having dreams\nThe thing that I believe \n(Oh) You drain the fear from me             (You drain out of fear for me)\nI'm done with having dreams\nThe thing that I believe \nYou drain the fear from me                      (You drain out of fear for me)\n\n(Chorus)\n'Cause your the last of a Dying Breed   ('Cause your the last of a Diane Bree)\nWrite our names into the wet concrete (When I kneel into the wet concrete\nI wonder if your therapist knows            (I wonder if it's ever Bi snow)\nEverything about me                                (It's everything about me)\nI'm here in search of your glory              (I'm hearing such a good glory)\nThere's been a million before me\nThat ultra-kind of love (yeah)                 (That Ultron kind love (yeah))\nYou never walk away from                     (Never walk away from\nx7 Your just the last of the real Ones   (Pete is the last of the real Wentz)\n\n                                               Thank you very much!
How dare you 2.9 million people come here before me?!!
Were Those Llamas or something XD
My llamas know what you did in the dark...
My brother blew my mind by pointing out that the song is dedicated to the original fans, like generation1 FOB fans.
I bet if they played the video normal speed, it would be 15 seconds long
Got my first ad in three months\n\nAmazon
BOP MY BUSSIE
i will protecc you :v
So GOOD
Fucking 🅱️USSY 🅱️OP
Soy mosku pendejo
WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN IVE ONLY JUST DUSCOVERED THISS
what a 🅱op
Oh my god YASSS
get high
Brasil 😍😍
Awesome, I love it 💕
Those fucking credits XD
🅱️OPPING MY 🅱️USSY
okay so Pete's dead....\n\n\n\n\nThanks Llamas!
GODDAMMITPETE STOP GETTING YOURSELF KiLlEd
<3
🅱️oping my 🅱️ussy
youngblood chronicles II???
BUSSY BOPPING REALLY HARD RIGHT NOW
Theyre back!?!?
holy fuck this song! yisus
A Semi-Bop/10
this is EVERYTHING
AWESOME
0_0???
🅱oping my 🅱ussy rn
🅱opping my 🅱ussy
Song is good but not liking this video . Dude !! seriously what is these teddy bears ??
Chelsea please beat arsenal today
Hazard turned Coquelin into a fidget spinner!
R.I.P 4rsenal
Chelsea win 6-0
Morata vs Lacazette \nZappacosta vs Kola\nBakayoko vs Xhaka \nHolding vs Cristensen\n\nGame on. Lets see who have the better signing and prospect for the future. COME ON YOU BLUES!!!!!!!\nLets shut the gooners up.
Jheeeeeze! Man like Dan! 🔥🔥🔥
Hazard turn him into a Beyblade HAHAHA
I am a chelsea fan and today is birthday,can i get a like?
Hazard The Mercenary hope one day he turns overrated Ramos inside-out
Morata's headers are lit.
Hazard and Morata are 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Savage Dan🙌🙌
I'm surprised Hazard still isn't serving a life sentence after what he did Coquelan
Chelsea cmon you blues! Like for Chelsea to win!
Hazard is a god. 4-0 Chelsea win!!
Lets destroy Arsenal, 3-1 for Chelsea
He turned coq to be fidget spinner
200th like here
Chelsea win !!!
Let's smash ARSEnal
Such a shame that Coquelin is injured! 😂😂😂
Hope he does the same today.. Come on you blues 💙💙💪
Damn CFC poaching Dan from Filthy Fellas lol
3-0 by Chelsea ...Morata,Alonso,Willian
Chelsea to win 3-1
Beyblade lol
First
Sav Dan is killing it
really sad when hazard didn't play last night, i know maybe conte wont take the risk but i think it's important to win that match, and i think even the unfit hazard still better than any other player.
David Luiz had to attack more because everyone else wasn’t doing enough and got pinned into a red card. I really hope Conte changes the squad the next few games because we are in need of some variety. Can’t expect to win against an in form Man City when we can’t even score against Arsenal at home....
Is this savage dan from 3 shots of Tequila???
i was the 1600 guy to hit like
Lol 0-0 and a Red card a win for Arsenal. Deluded club
disgrace of a performance today.
this is on trending
But hazards not even starting, I'm almost worried now
I remember that goal i had one aim to score against Arsenal and i make sure it was a greatest goal that can be talked about in years and i'm super delighted to score such a beautiful goal.
Is it okay if I don't like the new third kit?
Never knew Wolfy was a Chelsea fan, always pops up on miniminter's channel too
Chelsea vs Arsenal today come on Chelsea!!!!!!
Guys, Please who can give the name of the music in the background?
Please don't lose and give those fans something to cheer about. We are much better now go and prove it
I predict Morata and Alonso to score
He had to wake up at 8 am to watch the match? I have to wake up at 4:45 am to watch
Morals has more to his game than Lacazette, he can score with both feet, his head and he can dribble.
If you're reading this....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHave a great day
I remember him being a ghost in the fa cup final as well.
Martial is a better player than hazard.
Willian and Pedro are USELESS\n4 games without Cahil, 4 wins\n2 games with Cahill, 1 draw, one loss, reduced to 10 men on both occasions\nOur best possible line up. \nGk: courtois... good keeper, but needs to get the sloppy mistakes out of his system\nCb: Azpilequeta, good defender, no flaws\nLuiz: just keep his head in the game, played well today\nRudiger, good defender, solid\nWb: Moses, very good defensively\nAlonso, deadly going forward\nCm: bakayoko, so good, the physical man\nKante, obviously \nFabregas, must learn to track back a little more\nSt: Morata, great finisher, needs a little more time to learn how to play an epl defender\nHazard, he needs to step up, 20 goals a season at least and 10 assists, a player of his talent is expected to score that many \nChristensen, zapacosta can fill when needed, and drink water will be could when we need to be more defensive in place of fabregas
Lets destroy arsenal today hazard may man👍
he needs at least 15 similar goals in a single season to win the ballon dor
Sav like Dan
haha
Cahill the shittiest chelsea captain
Rip 0-0
Man Like Dan
Savage Dan....!!!!!!!!
Lengendary Chelsea...⚽double🏆🏆
The garden..OF EDEN
100
Come On Chelsea F.C.
SAVAGE DAN!
Who thinks Chelsea will smash arsenal
more like beyblade
Chelsea 2-1 Arsenal my prediction
COYG!
Cmon Chelsea!! win or lose Chelsea Forever!!
He turned coccaluin into a fidget spinner
ㅎㅇ
0-0 how come we got no firepower in our home game hmmmm
Damn
Turned conquelin into a beyblade!😂😂😬😬😂
3rd
Coquelin lol😂😂😂😂
Hi
I'm not even gonna get all hyped up, I remain humble. 2-1 Chelsea considering our CL match on Tuesday.
First half we are so quiet, COME ON YOU BLUES second half show time
1 like = 1 goal against arsenal
1 like = 1 prayer for arsenal
We've won 9 out of the last 10 vs Arsenal at the bridge. 3-1 today. KTBFFH
Imagine Arsenal wins or draws...
Hank! I was watching Seinfeld tonight and this Charmin commercial came on - you are Papa Bear from this commercial!!! https://youtu.be/ZhxmyzDbdWU
do u not use baby wipes for your butt?????
Still the hot one.
I love this. It feels more like classic vlogbrothers.
This video took such an unexpected turn and I can only be happy about it
Costco has their prices per square foot at the bottom left corner... and their brand (Kirkland) is the cheapest and we use it with no problems. Plus my fiancé has crohns and she does not complain about it.  Plus Costco normally uses their own toilet paper  in their washrooms
The health care burn. Im cracking up.
Tina: Butts
Maybe it's because of butt hair
Lol, you discovered Public Amenities Plastic Bogrolls. Next time you visit Aus, buy some Sorbent at the local Coles or something.
Hank, you are so adorable when you're crazy tired.  (And cheap toilet paper?  NO NO NO NO NO.  Also, NO!)
This is a great video
I think only jet-lagged Hank should be allowed to make videos
When you say people with butt problems are speaking about actual health issues affecting the butt or just general butt issues at the moment?
Was not ready for the butt checks trap song
This video is all over the place. I LOVE it.
I watched this and for the past few days have been subjected to TOO MANY Charmin advertisements
As a fellow IBD-er (Crohn's), I LOVED this video. I'm right there with you and I also appreciate nice toilet paper. Angelsoft is in my bathroom. Some sort of see-through sand paper (is that even possible?) is at my in-laws. Guess which I'd rather use. These hands are your butt cheeks!
best video i've seen in a while
Running out of ideas.
https://youtu.be/tTvjRyv0c5M
4 ply
lol
Australia's toilet paper is like the Australians themselves : rough, tough, and doesn't take shit off of anyone.
i wasn't ready for the butt cheeks rap
I had to stop watching due to slow buffering the other day and when I just clicked to continue watching it was the butt cheeks rap and needless to say I got some weird looks
I'm sorry for your struggles, Hank, but it sure makes a funny video!
