My vote for Besiktas coz it is Engin Akyurek's favorite team. Otherwise I dont know how this game is played and why everyone is running after the ball. Lolzz im not even Turkish...
This is why football is great
ali palabıyık da ref: shit faced assassin
THIS REF MUST OF BEEN BRIBED BY FENE
ref stupid ref stupid
This referee its so bad, i think the referee is weak only in Brazil but is whole world.
That last red card sums up how soft football is getting , such a shame
lol that was really funny to watch
Easy Game Easy life. FUCK Beşiktaş! ;) (Best Referee ever)
refeer grandfather kashar... hakemin babaannesi kaşar
Worse than scottish refs 😂
Was it olympiacos with the yellow shirts?
I love Turkish football however there are always complaints of refs getting paid
Most of red cards were fair and reasonable.
Galatasaray FB stadyumunda kupa kaldırdı 😂😁😂
FENERBAHÇE ÇOK YAŞAA
Hakkımızla oynadık ŞEREFİMİZİ kazandık
omg.this referee suck as hell.
Join, Or Die\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcXDjTvUC0Y
BABANIZ FENERBAHÇE AMK
what a disgrace
They fucked Besiktas
Nice
Fener sike yapdi
Soxdum bele hakime ve fenerin bele qalibiyetine soxum
come to Besiktas
Referee is a disgrace. Awful.
Looks like besiktas got robbed hard.
şikey le amk maç alıyorlar amk evlat ları
Anca penaltıda attabilirler
Fucking nutters
Sunt.v.serial valli
Subscribe to me pleaseeeeeee
AliPalaBiyik 2 - 1 Besiktas
Jeez turkish football is shit
girl: 07463939291
I want a kebab!
BABANIZ FENER ULENNNNN
Referee 2:1 Besiktas
ma quanto ruba il fenerbace
ref is so crazy😀
Kudurun aq tinercileri kudurun zırlayın
fenerbahçe
3:45 ONSIDE
*Besiktas*
http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=Arun123
Folk quickly rely truck segment shift quality sure clean training suspect.
Fuckin referee ruin the game totally.
şikeci şerefsiz fener hakemi satın almış fenere kırmızı kart vermesinin nedeni şike yaptığını fark ettirmemeye çalışması !
negredo not offside
Hi can u pls subscribe to me plsssss
fuck fenerbahce
shit refree i think,
Propa football
jesus fucking christ....
Ref was obviously paid lol
The pepe effect..
Come to Besiktas
JIMNASTIK AGLAM A SAMPIYONLUK KUPASI GOTUNE GIRINCEE
lol how can besiktas win against 12 men
yabanci hakemler getirilmeli  derbi maclarinda  o zaman hakem kararlari saygiyla karsilanir)
fener bahçe şanslıydı naapalım beşiktaş elinden geleni yapmış yani ama 2 inci maç acı olucak fenerbahçeli kardeşlerim
Bu hakemin gotunu sikmek lazim tam bir orusbu cocugu tam bir rezalet böyle hatta olmaz hemen son verilmeli görevine
Wer kommt auch von den Fußball Helden?
Bu ali palabiyiki hakem yapaninda a.... koyim onunda a.... koyim oc
Bunun burda ne işi var this is not in Turkish trends
Un robo del arbitro.
Some awful decisions. Fenerbahce did not deserve that
Jansen looks like he's learning to dive
ref should have given himself a RED card...and served 3 match ban...lol   shocking
hahaha fuck you turkkish fukkers hows jeremain lens working out you bitchs
Everyone saying the ref helped fenerbahçe watch the whole match first and then comment plz
Turkish monkeys in one video
in Malaysia we call them janggut hahaha it means beard :) candy beard lol
Corinne not trying to be rude but you need to use a honey block
Have many in thailand
You could heat the cornstarch for a lil bit, the candy will be easier to work with
That was a crane fly
In almost every food video ever made on threadbanger rob always ends up putting something in his mouth
That is literally cotton candy
On accident... that is literally my pet peeve how do people say that
Watch Krist Soup! To see how she did the dragon breath
Use power sugar and work the ring of sugar slowly. Don't forget if u use the doughnut tray use nonstick spray
If you have time, I suggest making mochis? I feel like it looks easy but it's not. Thanks :)
Isn't this Turkish Cotton Candy?
Corrine has so much more patience than I do lol. I would have thrown that pan after getting a bug in it
I really enjoyed watching your DIY videos when y'all first started.. now it's so ... childish..
CORINNE YOUR HAIR IS FUCKING BEAUTIFULLY BEAUTIFUL. FUCK OFF HATERS U JUST JELLY.
I don't care what the hell you do please just do a new man vs Corinne vs. pin please............
Give it to your cat
How she get her hair so long
I don't know if this is weird of me to point out, but ur hair looks really healthy and beautiful.¯\_(ツ)_/¯
stop adding fucking food coloring your moisturizing it to much
Man honestly I would've gave up I anit got time for that shit. They have far more patience than me. smh.......
where her hair is grown out was the hair length of 2007 corinne :)
I'm at the end of the video and still grossed out about the mosquito lol
Your supposed to warm up the cornstarch
Chocolate animals, like a fox
Corrine vs rob for the frozen paint art
Corinne that's a mosquito hawk not a mosquito cmon I believe in you
I kept wondering why I kept singing but you look sweet upon the seat of a bicycle built for two in my head…
https://au.pinterest.com/pin/322007442091819971/\nDAMN this looks cool\nand very, very ... appetising?
11:04 good job Rob that's totally a tricep on your four arm.
Could I use powered sugar instead of corn starch
Hey Corinne! Can we get some old school Threadbanger and maybe get a tutorial on how to make realistic looking cat ears?
I watched this vid 3 times
Can I just say, Corinne is so beautiful. Like I want to look like that 😂
I cannot believe I’ve been putting up with robs shit for more than 3 years. I love you Corrine 😂😂 ps. Fuck off rob 😂😂
I have a special guest joining us!\nMe: Rob Kardasian\nCorrine:Rob\nMe:yes\nCorrine:Czar\nMe 😭
Can you push my glasses up?! Literally the worst part of doing messy things. They slide. They fall off. And you don't wanna get your glasses DIRTY AUGH
I would of stopped when i searched up what the pin was
Lol the same happened to me and my friend
Corinne you should dye your hair the other 2 colors you mentioned in the video that you dyed your hair purple 💜
Watching her work with food with her hair hanging down in front of her is grosser than the mosquito.
It helps to put a little oil when you are first making the loop, also I did this and I understand your pain when you were pulling it. My tactic was to ignore that strands were breaking and keep pulling to get it thinner
great attempt :) i feel like this is something that takes a ton of practice lol Great Job!
@thradbanger you should do the grilled cheese bowl
It's not a Miskito it's a may fly
Y'all are so silly. I have been watching ya'll for a couple of months now and ya'll are so silly and funny. I enjoy watching you. I'm 62 years old and ya'll make my day. Thk you both
they're so cute together
It would help if you warmed the cornstarch
when rob exhaled and a bunch of powder went flying like a dragon i frikin lost it  😂😂
Rob is like a child in an adult's body. Cute.
I love the *break*-down in multiple angles
We didn't get to see u eat ur hair in public, u LIED!!! TO US!!!! Por que!!!!!ALSO THE VIEWERS 😡😡😡 Rob can lie all he wants but not you :)
Dear Corinne ,can you please get your beautiful hair backup because its getting all dirty with the cornstarch.
I honestly thought you were gonna ace it the first time and feed the mosquito to Rob. XD
Corinne you did a great job but you should have warmed up your corn starch
This is a Turkish desert, or sweet
Just saw this today: raindrop cake.  Try it Corinne!
Great video again, love you’re shirt Rob
You shoud do henna tatoos man vs corinne vs pin like if you agree
She has a really prominent chin.
Good luck getting your hair out of your food this time.
I think it looks more like spaghetti
Turn on the captions (you can thank me later)
i am surprised rob didn't get hurt somehow
Hers comes out super good!!\nhttps://youtu.be/Dpw-DVGY8fo
Do this!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://pin.it/Dcxbbxd
😂😂😂
Grilled cheese tomato soup mother duckers
MAKE A HOLO PEN WITH SIMPLY NAIL LOGICAL NOWWWWW
Corrine can you make confetti, and glitter balloons from Pinterest.🎈🎉✨
It looks like a delicious donut jolly rancher
Were*
Halloween candy masks!
https://www.facebook.com/buzzfeedtastyjapan/videos/1818511268409821/\n\nraindrop cake round 3?
What's hair
Diy slime pls
DIY bismuth crystals!!!!
http://offbeatbride.com/diy-record-bowl/ \n\nDo this shit
Hair goals
Oh Corrine....
I..is that mosquito gonna be ok?
I like pot
DIY FACE CASTT
Churro hot chocolate mugs
Watching Corinne melt down is literally life hahaha
Your hair looks so pretty!!!
MOON. CAKE.
Y'all r so cute together haha goals
MOTHER FUCKING HALLOWEEN CAKE POPS
Hey Corinne, DIY GALAXY CRYSTAL BALLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shit, Rob is fuckin tall
Wtf Rob WHAT THE FUCK lmaooo
I love your hair Corrine
bruh seriously though
Do The Crispiest and Crunchiest French Fries Ever PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Giant magnum!
Flower crown diy
Now try noodle pulling~ ><
Omggg are u pregnant 🙏🏻😍
Rob and Corrine are goals😍
Wow the nature in Africa looks second to none! 👌
Yohhhhhhhhh!!!! Ben this is incredible and I cannot wait for the Kenya film. It's going to be another level. Don't let people pressure you into editing the vlogs in their time. This is a special trip and the fact we can even see/be apart of it is special.
That crocodile looks terrifying lol
wish you would be in canada this week with us man!! Miss you!! Killer footage as usual!
be careful with parasites in african rivers, discovery channel made me paranoid with that. lol
Got that Isaiah Rashad blasting. I see you!
I love Hyppo and you just get awesome shots of them. In my mind I am already thinking how to do a similar road trip than you guys!
Who else liked the video before even watching it?
utube should really promote such channels. Good stuff Ben! Keep em coming
What lens did you use for that intro? It was sick
Ben. I love your positive attitude, your amazing eye for photos, your badass editing skills, and the fact that you share bits of your life with us! Nicole is fantastic and Cam seems cool too. Watching your vlogs just feels good!
Amazing visuals like always! Cheers Ben. Crazy to say but your T-shirt that I purchased from you I haven’t worn it once.
I’m from Zim! This vlog makes me miss it so much
Hey Ben, another great video! Was wondering how all these lodges in the middle of nowhere power themselves?
I honestly don't know how you haven't reached 1 million subscribers, quality video as always ⚡️⚡️
You're visiting my home Country ... You need to see Matopos National Park, about 50km outside Bulawayo
such good vibes bro!!! Your the best!
I would have been nervous on an overgrown road like that...  as w found out, it means people don't use that road.  Amazing that it actually did end up going somewhere!  Cool croc and hippo shots!
Looking forward to tomorrow's vlog. aka 3/4weeks. :) Keep up the amazing work Mr. Brown!
Beautiful and wonderful as always :)
Yes ben! the intro looks like a little visual vibes!
Whoop whoop whoop what I've been waiting for a vlog can not wait for the Visual vibes 😀💯🔥👍🏿
Amazing intro. Can watch it over and over again, it’s hypnotizing.
This is amazing content Ben. I appreciate you sharing your vision to the world.
I love my country man! Hopefully things will change soon.
You really need to see the south of botswana in the deep kalahari instead of just going to maun and the north keep up the good vids anyway though ⚡️
My home country!I miss it so much!Thank you for showing us the beauty of Africa!
Thanks Ben nice vlog like ever
Such a great vlog
1:20 - yesterday's vlog 🤣🤣🤣
Lovely vlog!
Loved the vlog man!! :)
Isaiah Rashad!! Yes Ben!
What an intro brother.....!!! Cheers
also those are monstrous ants dude.
Luv your stuff!
Hahaha the captions when the mic wasn‘t plugged in xD I love your videos Ben, you’re the biggest inspiration for me! Made it to 640 Followers so far 💪😊
This is what YouTube was made for. Not some crappy diss tracks or boring videos. Thx for being you Ben and always producing quality and beautiful content
Can we just get some appreciation for the depth of field in those first shots, sharp shooting B.B \nAwesome work 👌🏽👌🏽
Wow the quality of the footage is amazing!!!
i feel bad those days and seeing that video made me feel peaceful for a bit thx
Great video Ben. Need a defender in my life
Rockin that old school music by KAASI from your old vlogs hehe. Great video as always Ben, cheers.
The Zim cash crisis isn't Mugabe's fault, at least not this time. He's too old to even function which is why his wife is running the country now and she's so much worse! She's the reason Zimbabwe's going through another cash crisis right now just like they did back in 2008.\n\nIn other news, This vlog is siiiiick! Man literally cannot wait for the Visual Vibes to drop!
Thanks for visiting where I come from
Karibu Kenya ☀ cant wait for the visual vibes of the trip
classic KAASI song :) it reminds me of your old vlogs
Ben you're the OG! Love your work and cant wait to watch another visual vibes
When the visual vibes coming out
Nice one bro , cheers for showing our home Zim in a positive way.
Love the vibes on the intro and always love seeing you post a video. Just curious how behind are the vlogs right now? Because I know you aren't in Africa anymore. No biggy love the vids!
Hey Ben! I think there is way more potential for the `Kenia expedition` Pumba logo type of thing! I bet there´s someone out there that can make you a animated intro, which in my opinion would fit the professionality of you videos in general better than just a fade/in fade/out logo. Please consider this if you wanted to use it in your Visual Vibes. Keep killing it :)
Can you please bring back your old outro's I miss not being told to work hard, be nice to people, and try not to get lost or killed.
I can't wait to watch 'tomorrow's vlog' whilst tucking into my Christmas dinner
Man one day I'll do something like this!!
How much did you spend on the whole trip?
amazing is all i have to say
What an adventurous road you drove not certain where it would take you or where you'd end up. You've got abundant explorer genes. I'm not out of bed yet and I've driven down an uncertain African road. Thanks Ben, Nicole, and Cam. 👊👍😎👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
So beautiful, there's no words to describe it... it deserves a like just for the mic off part and the subtitles XD lol
This is the Type of Youtuber how should get Millions of subs!!!
Amazing Videography as always Ben. Still the line of these trip Vlogs. Ben saying (Jokingly!) “I want to find one of those stripey horses”!!! Hilarious I’ve not stopped laughing. hilariously funny. 🤣🤣
The color of that croc in the opening scene is so amazing... Land Rover silver almost. Great video Ben. Best one I have seen so far, and I've been around for a while. Great to hear you're back safely in CT.
The colour grading on this is out of this world.
i am bad but dang first few seconds WOW
wait Zimbabwe, are they on the way back?
Really hope Ben releases prints from this expedition 🤙🏻🤙🏻
Nambia is the best country though...
My notification didn't go off, I'm upset, lol... 🤙🏼Enjoyed this...
Ben's old school music..woot woot
Wow 😳 looks so amazing!!! Such an amazing adventure 😁🙌 🐘🐆🐅 looks so fun!! Epic vibes 🙏
Been please stop convincing me to buy a 4 x 4 vehicle and head into the bush. Thanks!
Yes mate been waiting for a video! That intro dude!
Yo! that intro is like a visual vibe preview! ;) keep it up Ben.
your videos make me want to quit my job and explore the world
So good to see you happy
Hope you guys had fun, Steve and Wendy are family friends. I know they really enjoyed having you guys there
Cinematogography is another level. Killing it, Ben. Ever since the Arctic vlogs, I always celebrate when you upload. 🙌🏼\nThe subtitles on the boat though. 😂😆
I thought Nicole fed you to the lions. Good to see you vlogging. Its been awhile. Old school photos LOL. I remember when Polaroid came out and was the latest and greatest technology. Yep I am old school.
love the video bro your honestly living the life man so inspirational. thanks for the constant inspiration and constant reminder that you can do achieve anything you set your mind to, and to live life to the fullest \nmuch love man
The moment when you say Look at this place and for the first time in the shot turn the camera around onto that treehouse... \njust great filmmaking
👍👍👌
Lekkar intro! Yoh
Wow, my country is sooo beautiful. Cinematography is A1! 👌🏽
Beautiful intro
Yes, bro!
Those intro views! Beautifully colorized!!
So dope. Beautiful shots Ben!
DA VLOG IS BACK!
*boat noise* 🤣 \nGreat stuff Ben!
Loved it Ben! :)
I enjoyed that Vlog Ben excellent mate.
頑張って！ im from japan supporting u since 2015!!!!! i just love ur work! this video is so so beautiful!!
Cool video
Beautiful images!!!
lol wow... wow   \n\nanyone else catch that?
Absolutely beautiful.
the focus and depth of field at the start is pure sex fml
That Intro is soooo sick Ben !!
The cash situation is not all that bad for the general people.  Illegal activity is conducted in cash.  The more the general population conducts its business electronically the better.
How much fuel does the Defender hold?
Okay, if you guys are like me and needed that super sexy black deep-v neck wrap dress, it's not sold out! Well, it's sold out on Romwe but it's NOT SOLD OUT ON SHEIN! That's right. I found it on there yesterday. Didn't tell you guys until I bought it for myself, lol. You're welcome and good luck! Haha.
i always wondered why romwe had the same items that shein had and this just confirms they steal images/clothes
Cant wait to see the black dress or velvet dress in Paris 👌
How can you be so rude?? Hahahahaha :) :)
They may just have the same manufacture
Short hair does wonder for your figure!
We need a forever 21 haul, h&m, nasty gal, topshop, urban outfitters, and every other store ever please. I want to see some more average prices stores 💕🙌🏽
Please give details on your hair!
You should do Aliexpress! It's like a chinese version of amazon/ebay.
That navy dress is doing great things for you girl!!!!
Why does YouTube keep unsubbing me from your channel!!??! 😡
Can you please do an AMIClubwear try on haul?
I love your personality! 💖💖💖
Patriciaaaa, where should I look for stylish winter coats/wool trenches? I'm not looking to spend too much lol
Hi Patricia!!! please do a video about   ioffer :D!!!!!!
Literally looking for this black dress now
I watch ALL of your store/boutique hauls, it gives me life
the she in shirt🤣🤣🤣🤣
I'm a clinical investigator for county govt. you should join our team! Spot on! Lol
so this entire time i thought it was rowme
I have the same laced up jumper in green from forever 21...a lit of these sites use the same factories
I love romwe very cheap and from what I've seen the quality is quite nice
PATRICIAAAAAA THE FIRST SKIRT WAS SO BOMB ON YOU! I have to purchase it! Like rn😍😍😍
You should buy a ton of eBay or amazon clothes and review them
i LOOOVE these videos! Patricia you are soo funny. I die everytime! keep up the good work!
Gurl your legs are cute!!!!!!  Lol I thought that was so funny
I was going to get that green/gold striped top from shein a couple weeks ago 🤣
I think they are different companies, but they just buy cheap products from some of the same places
The red dress what do I do with the rest of it ? 😂😂😂😂 patricia she's no serious at all !!! Am dead !!! Keep doing u girl !
Patricia Where did you get that chair ?
Do A Baby Try On Haul For Grace! 🙏🏽😍
Guess where the v-neck black dress isn't sold out.. shein;)
Could you do a RoseWe wear. I bought some items and they were shipped directly from Shanghai, China.
that video was like 10 minutes to me <3 \ncan you do chic couture online next please... it's an Instagram boutique xx
Patricaa! We already knew that romwe and shein were the same company lol. Thats with most asian based companies though especially since both of them originated from  aliexpress. Most of the hair companies are the exact same too
Patricia you're so funnyyy 😂 Please do check out pomelo fashion! They ship worldwide and the clothing there is just awesomeee, think you'll love it :))
 it was so so cheap it's just like :it's so cheap!
when u were talking about the conspiracy I died I LOVE U SM
I love that you try all theses outfits on and the waaaay you are is just LIFE! Lol caaaan you please let us know what’s the name of the items when you do this next lol cause I want some stuff !!! Please and thank you ❤️❤️
Need the lip color Patricia!!
Your conspiracy theory is right. Found the same EXACT stripped pants on the Shein website.\nhttp://www.shein.com/Striped-Wide-Leg-Pants-p-371562-cat-1740.html
Keep doing these videos please x😻
I always ALWAYS enjoy your hauls. Every time you say now for the last item I'm like nooooooooooooooo......wait what the heck???? is it the end of the video already?? lol. You are always so real! Thanks for the review love
Oh absolutely! I've been thinking this for a few years now. YOU SEE THE EXACT SAME CLOTHING ON SHEIN, ROMWE, AND ROSEGAL. I think SheIn is the parent company.
That white room makes everything disappear, hurts my eyes too, won't be subbing
Yes to Wish pt2 and please try Everything £5
Can you do a review on charming-dress.com and fashionmia.com?
Oh my god! That black and white striped dress is on my wishlist on SheIn! http://m.shein.com/us/Crisscross-Ruched-Self-Tie-Back-Floor-Length-Dress-p-298202-cat-1727.html I totally believe the conspiracy haha.
One of the Best reviews everrrr... you made me laugh so much😂😂. Btw really like the black sports looking bra you wore (28:47 mins 🙈). Where did you get it???? Need one in my life
You looked so good in that black dress that I literally had to pause the video to soak it in.
Love Love Love this video. Will be ordering from them.
The straps on the velvet dress you can hem so that it becomes more a like a halter dress! Its really cute on you!!!!
LETS TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE HER HAIR LIKE DAMNNN SHES SERVING
Haha they're the same company.
Please review Rotita. Requesting this of you from the Cayman Islands ❤
ROMWE is a shein ltd if you get the app it says its he same company and love the brown skirt
Your videos are amazing, I adore you!!!
My prayers for this video have finally been answered
Does anybody know where the black top from? The one she's wearing at the start of the video x
hahaha you are so funny but i didnt get whatis shein and what means my conspiracy was right :) anywayi laughed hard thank you, btw that red dress was nice
I'm loving the hair look 😍😍😍 Please tell use how you did it!!
HOW CAN YOU BE SO RUDE😭😭😭😭😭 ffs your personality is the best
The conspiracy is REAL! 😂\nGo to shein and type Deep V Neck Shoulder Pads Sheer Wrap Dress
I  NEED to know were you got your black leggings from ASAP, I've been searching for a pair like these for ages ..Also that dark blue crop toppy thing with the little lace at the bottom is so cute, would love to know where its from! Thanks in advance :)
How about Nastygal? As they are now U.K. Based and owned by Boohoo..
Shop from Wanelo app and website.
That nude bra though 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 Okay Nubian Skin I see you 👀💁🏾
Are these real songs she sings from the UK I just don't know orrrrrr she just sings what she thinks? lol
Moral of the story: everyone wants a deep V, but nobody wants a wide V 😂
You literally look like a model in anything you wear
omfg This Queen is getting more beautiful everyday!!!!!!! <3 and thicc! I love ur hair
ok obviously romwe and shein are run by the same company even their websites look the damn same.
Please do a YOINS review!💗✨
Try YESSTYLE!
Do Cupshe, Chuu or StyleNanda next!!! :)
Yesstyle!
Review jolly chick
Try MESHKI!!!! :D
Can you plz do Amazon??
That maxi dress tho 😍
Issa woman like meee.. AHAHAHA 😂 COME THRU JESSICA RABBIT!
You should try everything5pounds
White shirt wasn't bad
Please buy from wanelo
i love you 💗😂
Oouuuu im feeling this look so beautiful
My package ordered from Romwe just came in....labeled shipped from Shein, Inc. 😆
Please try Everything 5 pounds please
NEW SUBSCRIBER💕😍❤️ DO RUE 21 NEXT!!!!
Review meshki boutique
Buy clothes on aliexpresssssssss
Try kosmios
Try burshka
Pretty little thing?? x
Makemechic.com \nGojane.com\nAmiclubwear.com\nCicihot.com\nMilanoo.com\nLoveculture.com
Nipple to the wind. Lol
Loveee these videos!
Okay but that nude bra 😍😍😍😍
yessss wish part twoo try ASOS next 😛😛😛
Can you do another fashionnova haul???
Did Anna like the basket?? I need to know 😂
lol those aren't burnt 😂😂😂😂
hey Lily, You and Rich got a Simba mattress to test out quite some time ago. Did you like it and have you kept it after the 100 day trial? We are looking into getting one and just wanted to know what you and Rich thought about it.
Great that you are participating in that campaign!
I'm only 4 minutes into the video but I just wanted to add that Sézane is a French brand, so if you're from the UK it might be easier to get it from here than New York :)
would love to see a video on rich guessing the meanings behind internet linggo! that would be hilarious 😂
You are one good gift giver LP! Thank you for my present! Xx
We always share the making of dinner and the cleaning up, sometimes I'm not sure which is the better end of that deal lol.
Red lip is gone, I just dropped her off at the station hahaha I don't know why but this made me laugh so much!
Oh Lily, you and Rich are SO adorbs. And so are you and Anna! I love watching small bits of your friendship and watching the two of you blog. Both of you are so genuine and down to earth. Just LOVE!
Oh,that's so annoying when you come home really really tired and you feel like your home is a total mess,but you still don't have mood for tidying up,it sucks😅 enjoyed the video as always ❤
Those tee's were absolutely amazing, and for such a good cause. Loved this vlog, Lily. X
CUTE!! Aww when Rich says hi guys!!!!!
The onions weren't even burnt 😂 they were just caramelising
I do the Spotify concentration play as well 😀x
Ive watched you for years and my enjoyment has never stopped as you (&Anna) are so real and interesting x
What a good campaign, I love all of them!! Looks like a lovely fun time for a great cause xxx
The photos are fire 😍🔥
This red lip looks hoot on you! You look gorgeous :-)
Aw I loveee the Tees  <3 x
A bunch of self-important people who give a fuck
Fantastic campaign for a good cause ❤
That makes my heart so sad to hear you've been sad and in a funk! Just know that you are loved so much and anyone hatin has obviously never watched your videos or interacted with you. You are so sweet and talented!
Dear Lily, I totally relate  to what you said about not feeling homely at home sometimes. I felt and to some extent still feel that way since the middle of August and it is such an unpleasant emotion and hard to explain to others. As the bad mood is and the periods when you simply lack enthusiasm. Love your videos and your choice of cards and presents! Many hugs!
Nice to see Rich's darling face.  You're a beautiful couple, Lily. :)
You wear red lipstick better than anyone. 💋
Lauren is fast becoming my style icon!!
Where did you get your round mirror from in your office? I've been after one similar for ages! x
Thanks so much for showing the shoot, Lily! My aunt was diagnosed with Stage IV breast cancer and it's now in her bones and liver. I will definitely be picking up a shirt when they are released if they ship to the US! The bee one is my favourite xx
Hi Lily - watch out when you're using the steroid cream - it can thin the skin and sometimes make the problem worse if used long term.
Not burned..caramelised. Mellow out lily
I love your relationship with Rich. Happy anniversary!!! May you both have many many years of happiness together 💐
I totally get what you mean about your home not feeling like it. I always love tidying up and lighting a candle before I sit down to be productive too - it makes me feel so much better!
I love your vlogs so much. You're so genuine, a joy to watch!
You get the most amazing presents for you friends!
I would love to order the bee tshirt but it seems like she only has the ones with the writing on her side? do you know anything about that Lily? x
Rich's Hi guys was the freaking cutest thing EVER!
Oh my god ! You directing rich is me directing my husband when he makes dinner 😂 thanks for letting me know I'm not the only one 😂😂
stunning hair
Love the video 🙂
That steroid cream for your lips should be kept in the fridge, if you didn't already know :)
That red lip looks amazing on you! I also love that you paired it with the outfit that you did - went so well xx
Such a shame that there are no plus size bloggers in this, everyone's around the same size and shape 🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
Yes,the Lily red lips.It's been a long time since I saw you wearing red lips and it fits you a lot.Nice to be part of a campaign for a good cause.
Yours & Annas vlogs are always some of my favourites ❤️
Please don't ever stop vlogging! it literally makes my day seeing one in my subscription box
I love the sounds when you fast forward. Reminds me of the The Sims, lol!
Lily quick tip for your lips... vaseline!! I know... back to basics BUT it seriously does wonders!! :)
You should try Manila honey on your lips
My favorite part of your vlogs are just you hanging out at home! And even tidying up..for some reason I find it very relaxing!  It is so annoying having irritated/dry lips - I had a bad reaction to a natural lip balm this summer (I only used it for 2 days) and my lips became so dry and sore. Anyway, I remembered that the Avene healing cream Cicalfate worked so well on healing my skin after getting a tattoo so I tried that - put it on my lips few times a day and just before bed and after a week my lips were back to normal again and now I just use my regular lip balm the Lucas Pawpaw Ointment. Anyway, I just wanted to share this as I thought my lips would never go back to normal again!
I love your nails! (They caught my eye) also such an amazing campaign to be part of!
Lily, I had TERRIBLE lip trouble when I was on Roaccutane and the ONLY thing that helped me was Aquaphor by Eucerin. You can get it in Boots for around £8. Or Amazon etc. I used to keep a tube in my bag, in the car, in my bedroom, at work, so I was never without it. It was honestly the only thing that helped in the slightest. xx
Oh! I’ve missed these all day vlogs! So nice to see Rich also. Thanks for another lovely video Lily.
Such a great campaign! Love it & your vlogs! xx
Hahaha I had to laugh so hard when Rich used the large flame, I thought only my boyfriend would ALWAYS go for the biggest one and burn everything :D :D SO glad it seems to be a thing!
The fried egg tee is the one!! I'm currently breast feeding and my boobs are so looooooong 😂😩once I'm finished feeding that t-shirt will be more than appropriate! Eggcellent campaign though babe 🍳🍳 😂xxx
I went thru BC. Just had my 5 yr anniversary of diagnosis. Did chemo and 3 surgeries.
What does Rich do? 9pm meeting OMG
2017 cindy Crawford. Gorgeous! Love that red lip
That red lipstick is gorge!
Your hair. your hair is goals. k bye.
Guys don't forget to sign up for those t-shirts! LOVE them
love you lily 💜 always looking forward to watch your videos
those onions weren't even burnt
Big Fat Fun lol
I want to see a vlog planned and filmed by Mark and Rich.  It'd be great.  Love your videos, Lily.  Hang in there - you're great. <3
This is incredible! x
Try using bio oil on your really sensitive lips. It helps my lips and any area where i have dermatitis or any eczema.
Love your vlogs
Hi Lily. I have had issues on and off with my lips and a product called Aquaphor has been a lifesaver.  I hope you can get in UK,  its worth a try🙂
Lovely vlog, I really enjoyed it. Is good to see you in all fases of your life and we all have those moments where we don't feel like ourselves, and I almost never comment but I really think I should tell you is amazing what you do and how open amd honest you are with us . PS. Love the look today . Love from Colombia
How nice to see all these women participating in such a lovely cause!\n\nRandom -- I love the photographer's jumpsuit/dress thing? So cute.
Hi good to see you
Lily, have you tried Fresh Sugar Lip Serum Advanced Therapy? I had the same issue with severe dry lips when I moved the Southern California. Nothing worked for me. A friend recommended it and it worked really well.
Crazy my sister got me that card for my birthday it’s amazing!! 😊 loved this vlog!!
Such a lovely and  awesome campaign.  The tees were so special and funny.  Loved Anna's gift as you explained it.  Thanks for sharing with us.  Hope your Sunday is a good one!
You and Rich are too cute together!!
Really enjoyed this video it was so relaxing ! lots of love s
When you asked for suggestions who to interview for you and Anna's podcast I asked for @girlstolelondon.  She is amazing
Such a great vlog!  The fried egg tee 😂 -- love it.
your hair and makeup looks so lovely in this video, looking so lovely!
So totally with you on setting a good home vibe Lily. I thought it was just me!! 😂😃
Omg I'm going to have to buy the bee stings t shirt!!!! 😂
Ahaha thanks for not censoring the swears
Another great vlog. Thank you, Lily.
eye makeup here please?
Loving the vlogs! <3
Lilly you're gorgeous 💕
Hi Lily, I know I'm probably stating the obvious and I'm sure you've already done this... but have you had your lip irritation checked by a dermatologist? I have a friend who had a similar problem and it turned out she was allergic to an ingredient that is very common in some lipsticks (can't remember what exactly). She had to cut the irritant out for a while but her lips healed up quite quickly and now she can wear regular lipstick again, just not every day. Hope this helps xx
Loved this vlog so much! Hope you have/had an amazing anniversary trip. You deserve a little break. I also absolutely need one of those t-shirts 🍳🍉🐝
The onions weren't burnt.
what does Rich do for work?
Darlink, your poor lips AGAIN! You can always put an 8 hour cream first (for instance) and thàn put your lipstick on? Maybe it is seasonal? Anyways, as per usual, lóve the vlog! 😚
What does Rich do for work?? www.byharrison.com
I always ask for two sets of chopsticks to hide that I’ve ordered a monster amount of sushi for one.
Try Dr. Lipp balm! It works wonders on sore and dry lips. It's 100 % natural and UK product. I can't imagine my life without it ❤️
Lily pls do a vlog on your favorite Bobbi Brown cosmetic. 😀🙏🌸💕💄
not enough diversity in the shoot
Lily! Ask your dermatologist for Elcon cream for your lips! Seriously, I had the exact same skin problems as you and elcon was the only thing that worked.  It cleared my lips up within a few days :)
When is the bumble bee t-shirt available as I can't find it on the site btw love the videos 😊
You guys are so great! I've been following you all for 3 years and I love watching your food adventures. Recently I found out I have adult food allergies, like last week, and all the food I love is no longer allowed (like soy, corn, rice, oats, chicken, and wheat as well as anything derived from these products). It's a dream of mine to travel abroad but I'm scared I won't be able to get around with all my allergies. Would you ever consider going to an allergies free place, if it exists? you guys rock my socks thanks!
well I still love you no matter what you eat  I personally am against Veganism for the sake of it if it for religious reasons I can get behind it  but my point is we all eat we all consume  we are on the top of the food-chain  .. I have met some really laid back chill Vegan, and Vegetarians that are really cool people  who do  not judge me for my food choices and I have nothing but warm fuzzies for them   I just wish everybody would do that when it comes to it because food is about  community and cherishing your neighbor ... I love you guys and your message so please keep doing what you are doing
Simon is getting better at pinching food with Japanese chop-sticks and used to Japanese life style such as towel handkerchief. Also eating noodles with putting them on spoon is good manner for those who feel hesitation to slurp.
They also have vegan ramen at t's tin tin in tokyo station!
I’m so happy you did a vegan video! I have not been able to get into your videos sense going vegan!
Not on my Christian app
Vegan food is soooo good!  Glad you know it now. lol
Can you guises do more videos about OV food? Or midnight cooking the divine pickles you two love? 💜
While I'm sure it's delicious, my favorite part of ramen is the eggs, so I'll probably just stick to the non vegan version, lol but i definitely have friends i might have to recommend this to!
I'm hungry now
Please try the limited edition Halloween cola secret flavor in Japan 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Vegan Ramen is AMAZING. It's my new favorite.  Try it. ;)
MARTINA DID YOU BUY THE FAN FROM A CREDIBLE SOURCE? Because they’re know to destroy your phone after some time
Check out Happy cow page!\nThere are a looot of vegan options in Tokyo:)
Yay now I know where to go when I come to Japan!
i would like to watch videos where you guys don't love the food, too.
Thank you for making a vegan episode! Your videos are shot so well that I usually watch the meaty ones anyway but I would love to see more hidden vegan jems that I can add to my list for when I can finally come to Japan! :D
You go through all the work to video tape, you shouldnt delete anything. What you think might be a bad video we might actually like.
No garlic or onions???!! Where does the flavor come from???!!!
Hey Simon and Martina, I've just been watching a video about Inakadate in Japan. It looks AMAZING!  You guys need to see the rice paddy art there! 😊
MARTINA! YOUR EARINGS! I WANT TO EAT THEM! 🥝🥝\nLove you guys :)
I forgot you slurp your ramen to tell your chef that the meal is delicious
Vegan, shmegan. WHERE DO I GET A PHONE FAN!?!?!?
I'd love to try this place!! Do they have gluten-free noodles?
digging the max payne 3 look simon!
No a vegan but wow, that looks amazingly delicious :O
i love all your videos guys !!
I'm glad to see you guys covering for vegan!\nGotta vouch for one of my fave ramen shop in Japan - Mamazen in Kyoto..\nI'm not vegan but their ramen is one of the best i tried.. SOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD. \nDo check it out if you're around kyoto!
I loved this cause I used to love watching your food videos but haven't really since going vegan
Vengeance Martina, vveeeengeance! \nHaha but that looks seriously deeeelicious! As a vegan food lover I would so go there!
Thank you for making a video highlighting vegan food! I just went vegan this past May. I am hoping to improve my over all health with a whole food vegan diet. So far my health isn't any worse! Yay! My dysmenorrhea seems to be gone, but I don't want to say for sure until a full year of it being gone. I'm looking forward to seeing what this diet does to my blood panels. I haven't noticed a change for my HEDS nor my Dysautonomia, but I'll take what I can get. XD I know the people of Okinawa ate a nearly vegan diet long long ago. They used to eat many starches. They used to have some of the greatest number of centurions on the planet. I'd love to see a video learning more about the older traditional Okinawan lifestyle. They have lots to offer besides a high starch diet. Plus I hear it's absolutely beautiful there. Maybe you've already filmed there, but maybe this is a new excuse to visit. ;) I'd be really interested to learn about more traditionally vegan dishes of Japan. (Like the stuff that people don't think of as vegan.) A guide to what widely available Vegan dishes might be safe to eat in Japan would be pretty neat too! Okay, enough rambling from me. Have a wonderful day and best wishes! 🌟⭐🌟
Isn't Martina going to the new Sailor Moon Cafe??? I really wanna see her there :/
I am super excited that I'm going to visit Japan next year in April, with my class! This is super fun to watch :D #buildaladder
You can tell something is good if Simon and Martina fight over who will eat it.
I am horrible, I got here a bit late.
I don't eat vegan, I just healthy.
Just a suggestion can you make a halal food video?
So close to me. 🙃 I'm not vegan but may drag some classmates there!
Why can’t I give two 👍🏻?  So great!!!!
I don't know about anyone else but I'd love to see some negative reviews as well! I love that ibknow where to eat, but I think its equally as important to know where NOT to eat!! Haha Martina I see your cane and feel your pain. My back went out so bad in June I about had to learn how to walk again. Keep strong!!! You guys are amazing!! *hugs to the pup and Mr. meow*
I wonder if there are a variety of gluten-free options in Japan.
I will eat the ramen not the vegan sorry!!!!
Who did dislike this video? I dont understand you guys
I'm totally fan of you guys ! Thank you for trying vegan food ! It's so nice of you to show that the vegan food is tasty ! You are the best !
Burn it
Nope.
Isn't Coco curry always applicable XD
Awesome!  Do more vegan/veggy places 😄
You mean Raman noodles
your earrings are so cute martina! ✨
SO PUMPED
I hope the chef is going to move to London.
It was meant to be - I'm heading to Japan in little over 2 weeks and I've been thinking abt searching around for some ramen I could eat as I'm vegetarian - and guess what - we are freaking staying 1km away from that restuarant! ahahahahaha thank you for showing this, I will go there for sure.
who can Roman be vegan Roman it's  almost rice as it ia
Oh god this was such a great video. The sweat rag was hilarious
NO!!!! STOP RUINING FOOD VEGANS!!!!!! GO BACK AND EAT YOUR TREES!
It.Looks.Amazing! I miss ramen so much, I just moved to Miami FL from Vancouver BC and the thing I miss the most is ramen!! I have not found any ramen restaurants yet ;___:
You can tell how healthy the oil is by the colour of it.\n\nWoah.
You delete the videos of restaurants you didn't like? That used to be one of the great aspects of FAPFAP, the Korean cheese toast place was an awesome episode.
Thank you so much for uploading a video like this, now i feel hopeful to find a vegan/vegetarian place in Japan.
You guys help me to imagine the good taste of the ramen. The cold is killing my sense of taste. xD
I eat meat, yet I want to eat vegan ramen now.\n\nI'm wondering though, is it possible to make vegan ramen wrong?
Such a great chef. The food looks delicious and I am on a fast :)
Simon has to get used to using the folding fan. In Japan it is normal.
Thank you so much! I love it!
Hey Martina :) is there any possibility to get some pictures of your feet? I would pay for them!
If its halal ramen places, I can name a few good ones:\nShinjuku Gyoen Ramen Ouka\nHalal Ramen and Dining Honolu (their Ebisu shop)\n\nT's tantan is also good! And also the vegan curry at Coco Ichiban's. I've also heard Coco Ichiban recently serves halal curry at their Akihabara location, but I haven't been there yet.\nsince I'm a Muslim student living in Tokyo, finding eat outs that I can go guilt-free has become a (slightly expensive) pastime.
Love this vid! More vegan restaurants!!!
YUMMM
yes!! do more vegan restaurants please ^^
Vegan and ramen don't match .
Yay halal vegan food
Waaaait??! Ramen isn't vegaaaan?????!!!!!
I love some Pye Ying!
Soy meat is delicious!!
Dump the ramen crap, whole grains please
Thanks for sharing!
Boi dis shit looks like normal noodles
I noticed that Martina was using a cane. Hope she's doing alright (hope both of you are). :-)
Looks amazing!!    Have you guys been to a Robata, where they deliver everything to you on paddles across the grills?
Wait, you guys don't publish videos about places you ate at and didn't like! May I ask why? I assume you might want to stay away from giving the shop bad publicity, which is kind. Then again, I personally wouldn't mind seeing *all* your experiences, the good and the bad :) Though of course I'm happy with whatever you two want to share with us ^__^
thank you for having an open mind with vegan stuff. we ain't all so bad, and neither is the food these days.
Also silly silly. Going in with expectations of it being weird. Vegan anything is delicious. Just about who's putting the effort into making it! Many vegan burgers I've had at unique restaurants are better than cheapy meat burgers. Im an omnivore but vegan fine dining is sublime!
How tall is Simon?
As a vegan this really raises my hopes for travels to Japan! And also I'm thrilled that Simon eats ramen the same way I do - noodles onto spoon
holy shit this looks freakin perfect! im saving the info,thank you for the review 😚
Short answer no. Anything vegan SUCKS
Actual question. Is vegan anything really good? Answer- no.
#40 on trending?! Whaaaat
wait, you dont upload things you dont like?
i feel like I've seen this video before... have you done a sneak peek of it?
I've been suscribed for some years now it makes me really, REALLY happy when I see you guys go to vegetarian/vegan places and enjoy the food :) as I am a longtime vegetarian/recent vegan. Keep it up guys and lots of love from Mexico!
You guys make videos you don't publish? How often does it happen that you don't enjoy a restaurant that you review?
Fuck, I have to go to Japan!!!!!!! I envy my cousin since she works for a Japanese Airline 😢 but I hate airplanes 😪
Not all Vegan Ramen are good 💁 i have a Ramen store around the corner , it belongs to a Russian guy that lived 30 years in Japan and he knows how to make really good japanese food. He also has Vegan Noodles but they are very stiff. Also his Vegan broth is tastes like Miso soup and is very boring. The normal beef/pork soup is very good even without chunks of meat so it is ~kinda vegetarian for those who dont like meat textures. However vegans will always say sth is delicious even if its hidious 😂
Yay! Vegan things on trending videos 🌱💚
yay you guys are on trending! :)
Running out of topics? Ramen review....again! How come no episodes with Japanese people about differences/similarities, pop culture subjects (manga, fashion, anime, movies), onsens, talks with other expats, etc....
VEGAN FOOD IS TERRIBLE!\nVirtue signaling liars.
is there a food you dont like ??
Is this the forgotten sequel to that Kevin Smith movie with the I'm a Mac guy?
Lovely requiem at the beginning
They missed one of mine. Came in and screwed up a molar. Assholes.
I KNOW THAT EXACT OFFICE I USED TO GO THERE ALL THE TIME
Please make another parody version of a band (like Led Zepplin, Queen, Eagles, or the Animals, any one of their songs, please make a funny version of it.
The new episode didn't go to season 7
Dang I knew that stuff did things to people’s heads but this is redundant. XD
I could make a better video with 3 minutes prep time.
It's always so easy to identify a Jeremy written sketch.
This reminded me of my sister when she got her wisdom teeth removed.😂
who else got really concerned for Jeremy XD
I love this sketch, but it was dragging just a little in a couple places.
#32 on trending!!! YES! Now more people can watch studio c!!
Donner, party of one XD Please tell me other teens get this.
This is trending?!\n\nWay to go!
Maybe I should cancel my wisdom teeth removal...
Still enjoy new sketches, but a little too much yelling in this one. :-)
The best of Jeremy! Thanks for the laughs!
Can I get a Happy Birthday since it's my b-day
Dude I think I'm a fish without drugs man...🐟🐡🐠
Something seems kind of fishy about this video....
It's about time Studio C was trending!!! Good for you guys!
When you try something new lol😂😂😂😂 2:00
Haha! I just started playing this video and my brother walked in on the opening tune. It's such a familiar sound that he thought it was his ringtone! XD
Did Whitney get a haircut!! Loving it!!!
I would have died if he said Im Nemo!!!
I haven't even catch all the Pokémon lmao that got me there and also Betta fish aren't even scary lel except for the males just from the colours
It'd been a while since I've seen studio c
This is how stupid all white people are know wonder there all racist
PLOT TWIST: He is Zalmuron the Reincarnated and he finally reincarnated as a human and is so paranoid that he will die and reincarnate he thinks he has died and reincarnated as a fish. 0:42
I loved the part where he sucks on the window. *It tastes like Windex!* LOL! *I AM THE MIGHTY BETA FISH!!!! BOW TO ME!!!!!*
I wish my wisdom teeth experience was as good as this.  \n\nI just had novacaine.
Does he like fish sticks. Because if he does he is a gay fish.
I seriously just got all 4 of my wisdom teeth out yesterday! 😂 I can totally relate to this!! My cheeks are really swollen that my little sister said that it looks like Matt's face on the bacon cleanse sketch.
Only smart people will understand Donner party for one. The maning has become symbolic for cannibalism, btw. Look up Donner Party.
studio c is so funny.hahahah
Did he really get his teeth pulled?
Wait yo we're trending? That's cool. That doesn't normally happen, right?
Hey that's my doctors office 😂
Donner party of one! I love it!!!!!!
I wonder what must have been going through the minds of the people in the chairs and at the desk?
I didnt really like it much, they couls do better
Funny fact my wisdom tooth hasn't made me go to the hospital
I'm supposed to be doing my homework\nEdit: I'm done with the video :( I will do my homework now
Is Whitney pregnant? Not to be rude but she look pregnant. I love Whitney, I'm just asking
I'm not a pop tart
Whitney cut her hair!!! : o
But here in the YouTube comment section it is me... THE BETA WHO RULES!
This distraction from homework was totally worth it
Its #21 on trending right now!
CC is cubic centimeter just so you know,,, it's a measure of volume,,,,
TRENDING YES WE DID IT REDDIT!!!\n\n\n\n\nNo one? ... ok I will show myself out
Don't do drugs kids
I definitely couldn't open my mouth like that after my oral surgery. Nor could I talk like that. Or move like that. But I was groggy enough to see exactly where the hands of the clock pointed but not figure out the time till ten minutes later.
You guys should make a worst car dealer skit.
Can you make Ninjago video like you pretend you are ninjas and that's the team of ninjas just like Lloyd Kai Zane Jay Cole and nya
I just watched this for the third time and I just realized it's a saltwater tank 😂
Studio C deserves more than One Mil! They are so amazing and funny ❤️ I hope they see this I love them so much! Keep making videos guys!
*What if I'm one of those fish that forgets who they are after ten seconds???*\n_Waits ten seconds_\nOkay, I'm not one of those fish
I am a fish
Who else was so early that whitney was still pregnant?
Whitneys haircut is awful
Lolz
Going downhill i see
2:12 tho 😂
Another trending studio C? Weird!!
OMG. THIS VIDEO IS ON TRENDING ON YOUTUBE!!!!!!!!
Jeremy.
That was awesome 👏👏👏👏👏
is Whitney pregnant?
jeremy, was this embarressing?
Scott sterling
#33 in trending
To funny
Dislike # 511
100 to 0 to 200 real fast
#29 on trending
😂😭
29 on trending also I luv ya studio cccc
make a spiderman scetch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is whitney prego?
29 ON TRENDING!!!!!!!
Yes!
Whitney's baby bump!!! :D
Wait...\n\n\nJEREMY HAS LIPS?!!???!
Betas aren't even salt water fish! XD
Is my birthday!!!!
OML JEREMY BAHAHAHABSJSBKRJEKSNSBSJW😂😂👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
ha ha ha
Rename this episode 3:00 am
Ooooo my gosh I love studio c sooo much! 😂😂😂😂👌👌👌👌
Good Job on Trending!
LOL
Fish.exe has stopped working
Plz subscribe to my channel called 2 cupcakes
2:55 it's Finding Nemo 3:Finding Jeremy
💕Something fishy is going on here...💕
Jeremy is an amazing actor! When he shmooshed his face on the glass I lost it! Hahaha!!!
Nice your on trending!
Ha Ha Ha
And they never called back. I don't know why I was so friendly
UR STORIES MAKE MY DAYS SO MUCH HAPPIER THANK U
I love how it feels like watching a movie when I listen to his stories, he paints such a perfect picture of what's going (>^_^<)
Hey Olan did you ever get your debit card back from Gizmo? I need that $20 for some crazy bread:)
I literally can't even breathe! I LOVE your crazy stories!
It was a mistake watching it the first time at a library, my face was turning red, veins were clearly visible, and I was tearing up because I was trying so hard to contain myself. I had to watch it a few more times after that in order to catch up with my laughter.
Your stories are the best stories
S T O R Y  T I M E
😂😂stop making me laugh I\nHave a face mask on
The ending was great 👌🏾👌🏾. I’m so glad he’s back 😁
YASSSS I MISS YOUR STORYS \nYour story's always makes me laugh
Welcome back to life!!!!!!!!!! I MISS THESE STORIES BROTHA!!
What was ur old thingy called again? With those other dudes
Missed you, thanks for the bedtime story.
I have been cleansed yet again by him
Why did Trey have the lunchbox, when it was Donovan who owed the money?
I was so friendly
i showed my mom this video and she called you a boy child man
OUR SAVIOR (also I thought that I would point out the fact you sound a little like Chris Pratt)
Olan! Funny and amazing content as always! Glad to have you back, but you gotta lay off the carbs dude.
I love how you mess with people! You are my hero! Also my best friend is named Trey.
you are the reason i am alive
That is the funniest story I've heard from you. Great job!
I hate you because you make the best videos ever. Every time you post it’s like and unexpected Christmas you should be jailed because you don’t post my good sir
So try to watch this while in class.....it was hard to not laugh out loud lol XD
This sounds like the kind of guy that carries dice in his pockets....to gamble with peoples lives.  I'm done.  GG Olan.  You win again.  Friggin hilarious as always.
Yes #35 on trending page missed your crazy ass
IM THE TENNESSEE WONDER CHILD!
I had a wrong number call me once... This lady kept asking for Justin and I told her it was a wrong number... She hung up and called back 5 minuets later she said Samantha? I know dats you! I need Justin now put him on I politely told her I wasn't Samantha but she continued to say Don't lie to me gurl!! Justin is yo brother! Put him on the phone now!.... She called me at least 3 times a day... for a week straight...
Uploaded on my birthday, Thank you Olan, I always knew I could count on you.
I was watching this in class and I had to cover my mouth so I wouldn't blurt out laughing
THE WONDER CHILD RETURNS
Every word seems like he's out of breath
This one NEEDS to get animated!! PLEASE
That's slightly fucked up but I love it
how does he have all these things happen to him
I missed you Olan! Hope everything is going more than perfectly for you!!!
The Collierville Swamp Monster has finally emerged from Wolf River. You almost endangered my hometown with another monster named Marcus.
I wanted to quote something funny from the video, but there were to many to quote...\n\nLOVE YOU OLAN!!
Save yourself to the pain from knowing that this is a wrong number.
My gosh this might be my new favorite story ever. I laughed. I cried because I was laughing so hard. It moved me, Tennessee Wonder Child.
THE TENNESSEE WONDER CHILD IS BACK
And they never called back I don't know why I was so friendly  The Tennessee Wonder Child 2017, Do not forget the Tennessee Wonder Child He will always rule the kingdom of YouTube
I wish he had a vlog channel he is too hilarious!
I once spent a week accidentally in a group text for a high school baseball team and they kept believing I couldn't show up to practice because I would 'forget' to bring something different each day. I still don't know who they thought I was!
ahhhhh this is too great!
“It’s the Tennessee Wonder Child”
The next jack black
I love that his shirt matches his bed.
when i have kids i am going to hunt you down every night for story time!!!!! thats a threat
Hey there Olan! Glad to see you back!
You sir! Are the best!
Dude I missed these story times with Olan
some Spanish woman always leaves me voicemails asking for Marry and she starts off everyone with hola, marry in a super nasally voice
The shining night of the comeback sentence has comeback!!!!
Their is no way this is real xD
The Tennessee wonder child is back!
I love watching your videos! I'm so happy your posting again! I'm way to excited for Final Space, even though it's not coming that soon.
How do you do that with your words, it is incredible
The least believable thing about this is that ANYONE would watch Jurassic Park on mute.
What is your phone number
Wait is this video sponsored by PayPal?
Marcus, you sound like a very nice guy... \n*whispers*: I was lying. XD
I can't wait for this to become an animation, there is just so much potential here 😂😂😂
Who else thinks this is his best video!!!
lol I like to imagine that Marcus/Donovan/Trey are watching this video and thinking.... just thinking.... and cracking up because they realize all of their mistakes they have made or the fact that they got a relatively famous youtuber to make a video about them
Lmao
😲😲😲😲 YESSSSSSSS
OLANS BACK BABY
Trending once more :D
#36 on trending. Nice.
TRENDING AGAIN
Hilarious story!!
HESSSSSSS BACKKKK HELL YEAHH !!! 35 on trending (': we missed you
FACIAL FLESH VENT IM CRYING
*BRO PLEASE POST MORE!!!!!!!! PLZ*
Too funny!!!
Wtf “facial flesh vent” 😂
AHHH YESSS
Watching Jurassic Park on mute! XD
Little big o!
OLAN!!!!!!!! YAY
He's trending!
HE'S BACK!
Your shirt matches your bedspread
PSYCHE, DATS THE WRONG NUMBER!
YES YESSSS KING YESS
tReY qUiTe PLAYIN
That. Was. Amazing!!! 🤣😎
0:11 <- my life
Lil Big O, Never disappoints!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
werebear
*AS CLEAR AS CRYSTAL PEPSI*
Your on trending
Jack Black????
WHY DIDNT YOU SAY 'IM BATMAN'
TENNESSEE WONDER CHILD
You are so hilarious!😂
Love your videos
XD
Always looking FLAWLESS, Jackie 💜 Thank you for the love!
Who’s disliking these videos tho 😒
Watch it won't gel up your beautiful foundation in the bottle.. I'm scared..also chicken s%$#...lol..what's in that stuff??!?!. BTW, you are tops at your game Jackie! That lipstick kills the look (a good thing) to the max! GORJUSS...everythuling
Hand up for that theme song giiiiirl
Why did it take me so long to find your videos? My goodness you're stunning and hilarious! Subscribed!
I'm a new subscriber, and I just had to leave you a comment saying that I'm really enjoying your videos! Your energy is definitely contagious! Look forward to binge watching more!!
Beauty gurus!! Why y'all intros gotta be so goddamn long?
It looks aight, but it looks like you didn't put any on your nose.  Maybe it was the oil that ran down from the bike ride. The lippie is bomb tho.
When Denis tried to touch your face! 😂😂😂😂😂😂
It's like your own personal lab concoction
Jacky is so lit- I love her!
You look sooooo Beautiful naturally. Stunning! Lol your Beauty/Personality are the only reason I watched this vid. I thought urban decay was hair care lol.
You don't want to mix it in the bottle if it has a pump because it would clog it.
I love your hair! Those 4c curls are poppin!
JACKIE JACKIE JACKIE  (love that little intro song! )
Hi jackie!  I always love your videos!  You're so funny and smart!  \nSending lots of loves all the way from Malaysia!  😍😍😍
whenever the lens got blurry and she rolled her eyes i couldn't stop laughinggggg
I love that intro 😂❤️
Anybody else sing with Jackie at the beginning of the video while she is singing her name like a million times?!  Love that part!
Jackie did you know u can use baking powder and u will have the same velvety results I think they took this idea from the baking powder
Can we get this eye look
i always do a lil dance to your jackie jackie jackie jackie segment in the beginning, shit is hype
I have it. Dime size is way too much for me. It reminds me of a diamond powder for your nails lol. It needs a scooper. It definitely tames oil. Im greasier than the fish fry at a cookout. This had me wondering if it was still morning outside. It makes the foundation dry out if you use too much. Im still playing with it as to find a better way to mix the two because it kinda slides off the foundation when you put it on top.
What are those thumbs down about?  J.S. fans need to stop tripping and get off your page.
it look like you're about to cook up some work lol
What foundation brush is that
What makeup did you use? Love your eyeshadows
you are hair and makeup goals...love it
Jackie!! When can we get a natural hair tutorial ur curls are poppin hunny 😍
Have you notice creasing on your nose when wearing sunglasses? I was wondering if there was a way to stop that
Please do a hair video!! Your hair looks AMAZING!!!
Come thru Aint Jackie. Congratulations on reaching a million! 🎉🎉🎉
YOU’RE NATURAL HAIR IS ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS
Jackie, Jackie, Jackie.... now, Imma need a hair tutorial or just a list of your hair care because how you got blonde hair and it got more snap back than the old school ball cap. i dye my hair black and look like a neglected dog ... lol
Ive been so exhausted from moving after claiming bankruptcy, this is just what I needed rn. Thank you auntie Jackie! <3
I needed the real tea 🐸☕️!!! Love watching your videos ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
😻 What do you use in your hair? It looks so good!!!
If this is Jackie's new intro.... I'm in love
Fam what brush are you using because that looks amazing.
When you opened that container and I saw how LITTLE product it had... I Plies biiiiiihhhh'd for a good minute LMAOOOO
I like your hair a lot!
You are so funny!
Love the video.  Can we get a makeup tutorial for the look?!  Lol please
was watching an old GRWM video and i missed the Jackie song so I came back here
I'm tryna be like the one that maybe drives an Audi lmaoooo 😁
DYE YOUR REAL HAIR PINK I WOULD NUT
The powder left me patchy as hell
Would it be good with the Fendy foundation as it is somewhat watery
I was like hold up am I subscribed?! Then I realized I didn't have my notification bell on. girl did I flip.
Wait. People don’t realize that’s a real song by Jackie O and The Ying Yang Twins.... 😳 \n\nAnyway, you’re tooooo Fabulous!!! 💖💖💖
Dammit. So this is one of those products that are out of my budget that I should still try...\n\nI am loving the eye shadows in this vid. Simple, but I have such a soft spot for all the purples...
Jackie!! had anyone tried the UD velvetizer is trending on Reddit right now! The op specifically cited your video as inspiration!!!
Jackie don't play! She went to Santa Monica and rode a scooty bike in the hot sun, came back 6 hours later to let us know what that product's really workin with like... 🚴🏾‍♀️💨💨💁🏾
Jackie your personality is so infectious, that’s what keeps me coming all the time!! Jackiejackiejackiejackie!
i just love your naturale snake
I love when she sing her name lolol
Please put this in HD 1080 while watching. It looks fab!
If you really all up in my look-aid 😂
I DEMAND an intro with the Jackie Jackie beat
It feels like cornstarch to me.  I need to try this in my foundation again now!  I had just been using as a setting powder.  I tried with Loral magic lumi and I didn't love it.
So I have the Urban Decay naked skin foundation and WOW IS IT RED but do y'all think if I bought this and added it in it would neutralize it??
I miss the bible quotes )):
Can you plz show us this with the Fenty foundation?!!! I need to see before I go out & buy!
I love your videos but damn girl I can't sneak and watch them at work LOL... you whisper and talk softly in parts so I turn up the volume then you are silly and loud (which I looooove so much) and you get me in so much trouble haaaaa .  JK.. Its my own damn fault... and I don't help the situation cause I'm always laughing at the videos too and  I'm hooked on your channel.  I need to invest in some earbuds though I think. :)
I fucking love you ! You make my day girl keep it goin 😍
This is one of my favorite beauty product reviews ever SIMPLY BECAUSE of the research and directions that you followed. Too often now I see a lot of beauty gurus just slap something on their face and get mad when it doesn't work or something bu you researched not only the products that it worked with and explained why you wouldn't be using them but you followed through by finding the closest product you could chemically.  So thank you!
I don't think it would work to mix it into the entire bottle! I think that the Velvetizer would settle and sink to the bottom of the foundation and you'd have to shake and mix it up REALLY well before you use it. I think maybe that's why it's better to mix it in for every use.
LOVE your channel. You're hilarious. I can't get over these lashes (top AND bottom!)! What lashes are these? (And if it's just mascara on the bottom, GIRL, what is this magic?). Also, I am always in awe of how white your teeth are. Keep up the great work! <3
You always make me smile! Love your personality!
Girl, you are hilarious.  I need this powder in my life.
I LOVE your videos! You are hilarious and very informative.
That should be your intro lol
It's hard trying to live like the NARS Sheer Glow
I love your hair it is so pretty. Your curls are so delicate 😍😍
I'm trying this the iman bb cream. Wish me luck.
This product definitelyyyyyy has flash back....
I think the product is a waste of money...
i F**KING CANT! DEAD! it does look URBAN! AHHHHHH DENNIS!!!
😂😂😂😂 Dennis!!!!! You two are so cute!!
How you gonna do this bomb eye look and popping lashes and not discus them with us !!💁🏾
if you have a foundation that is too light i recommend this product!! It definitely makes your foundation darker when you use it to set your face rather than mix it
Ngl you look hella bomb, but way more cool toned than you do usually
My jackieeeeee
I swear everytime I watch you, I die laughing. You are hilarious.
What eyelashes are those?!
Your everything !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your curls are amazinggg
The Jackie intro hahahha
Natural hair tutorial!Please!
What eyelashes are you wearing!?
Those lashes tho...
It really darkened that foundation,  tho. Wow.
Better than wowder?
Woy! It looks amazing.
What brushes did you use?
I'm Sold!!!!
Hahahahahaha u singing Jackie Jackie just killed me n had me stitches😂😂😂 gurl! U r life!
Would you get the same results if you mixed in a regular translucent powder into a foundation?
Jackie's hair is so pretty. Plz do a updated hair routine and tips to keep hair moist and growing
gonna unsubscribe for that intro
I'm so ready for your line to come out! When & where will we be able to purchase it??? ❤️😍
Need to know what contacts you use 😍
Her nose facing left again ... hehe
Looooooove this look 😍😍😍😍😍
Gorgeous!!!
So sexy girl!
you are so beautifil
Wow I like these 😙
Gorgeous girly!! Love that lippie on you!!
U looking barbie doll
#46 on trending girlll 😍❤️
Love you so much xx Can you plz do ur fav makeup products? Is your new cosmetics in sephora? xx ps luv you xxx #quadfamily / its very strong xx
My following pegs you now baby lux liked this do fresh you lady Gaga moon beautiful fully understand lady's very well 😻👀👄👄👀💖\n▶🍭🍭▶
Christen Dominique please do the 20 Song Tag 😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️
Wow, what a beautiful look.  That pink is everything!
So, I've never been into makeup and I'm one of those idiots who says I don't need makeup but you made me love it! I'm new to all this but i love watching your videos, I can't seem to get into any other artists on here lol...anywho I had a question (anyone can hopefully answer) i struggle with oily skin and keeping my creases from showing even more but when I powder them and leave the powder to set, my eyes get irritated and water for the rest of the day...help! This seems to happen when I do anything around my eyes...i.e concealer, eyeshadow, mascara....is it just because this is all new and my eyes just need to get used to product being around them? Do I need special sensisitive makeup? I've tried multiple brands...
Any small or upcoming youtuber that would like to help one another? 💖
I loved this thank you Christen
HOW ARE YOUR TEETH SO WHITE OMG TELL ME UR SECRETS LOL
Hi Christine please list brushes you used!! Thank you!
U need more subscribers! You're supper talented!!
Christen you're one of few YouTubers that still does makeup tutorials and I love that about you! I enjoy watching you! I'm glad you do little to no reviews😁💖
Can't wait for your line to come up where would I be able to parchase it...😍😍
She looks like a Barbie doll Katie perry
hi , you r looking so beautiful in this video ,can u plz do another back to school outfit video...
what lenses are you wearing
Love the contact lenses on you by the way I was staring staring until I read the comments I couldn't remember if you had brown eyes or colored eyes and I remember I watch you all the time but they look so good I kind of forgot
Why are your eyes so pretty😭😭😭😍😍
I love this look!!!!!!!! You look so beautiful! Thank you for this tutorial because sometimes i run out of makeup ideas for a date night as a mommy. Mommy life is a HUGE blessing but the struggles are REAL! Thank you for this idea and yaaasssssssss let that pink come thru 😍💗💗💗💕💕💕💕👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 pink everywhere 💁🏽 #snapchatfam
Idk why I feel that I nown you for ever 💖💖
Christen where did you get your contacts!!!!🤗#wewannaknow
OOOOOO GURLLLL i love you contacts but your OG eyes are beutiful
To be honest ur so pretty u don't need any makeup
Your face looks faker than Katy Price's fifth tit.
Can one be more charming and beautiful - on the inside and outside?\nShe doesn't even need makeup.\nThanks for being yourself!
Nope don't like it
WHY DOES THIS GIRL LOOK LIKE VERONICA FROM RIVERDALE
Loveeeeee that comment at the end!!! Omg. Speaking to my soul! Thank you for that. ❤️
Love your hair in this vid! 😍😍\nHow did you style!?
Your natural eye color is more beautiful.
What contacts are you wearing ?? 😍
you look like a lizard with those eyes
Yass QUEEN I love you so much❤️❤️❤️👑💄👑❤️❤️❤️
#quadfamily❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Just waiting...for our quad family grow into 20M subscribers...😘😘#quadfamily
Why are your videos SO DARN ADDICTING?!?!?!?!?! <3 <3 <3
You’re so gorgeous 😭😍
Ooo lord!!! U r luking sexier day by day😍😍😍😘
Gosh 💝💝 love u beauty 😘😘😘
Gorgeous look you never disappoint🌸💗
waawwww
GIRL YOU ARE TRENDING <3333
Lipstick so beautiful
Obsessed with your hair!
Just discovered ur chanel....U r so freaking beautiful 🙈 ❤....
I'm excited for your palette I can't wait to get my hands on it😍😍😍😍😍
That lens doesn't suits you🖓🖓
-WOW I'M A SUUPER FAN!!!!!\nI HOPE I CAN DO TUTORIALS AS WELL.....
You should do a get ready with me + whats going on in your life.
I love all her make up looks but I would love to see a lookbook
You teach me so much about makeup !! 😭👌🏽💝 love you sm!! ❤️❤️❤️
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!!! When you announced you were working on a line I freaked out so I can not wait for you to release it! Keep  being awesome and making such great videos!!!!
girl that liner cut me open
I Love this makeup.
What color are those contacts?!? I need them in my life!!
What is ur contact shade beautiful ❤️❤️
Christen please do your updated skincare video, your skin have just transformed looking so clean flawless also tell these contacts you wearing
You look great w/o makeup! Not even sure why I clicked on the vid tbh....
This is why I take all my first dates to a pool.
My Dog had a litter of one and rejected him so I've been hand raising her puppy since day 1. I watch and rewatch your videos all the time and follow your Snapchat, now with a puppy on my chest. Well it turns out he's heard your voice so much in his two weeks of life that he perks up and reacts to hearing you now 😭😍 you've got a 2 wk old puppy fan!
always scares me a bit seeing how ppl can look completely different with makeup on
Love your eyes!!! 😍 where can I get contacts like that?! 😩
Omg, I would not want to be the guy that dates you and then wakes up the next day to a different face 😵😂😭
As a man I'd like to say all that make up is unnecessary she looked great without it and the makeup only makes her look like a trashy girl
Omg I did the same thing to eye last week im like ouch oh shit that's my skin lol
What song did she put at 0:13?
And then scare hell out of him when he sees you in the morning..... MIGTOW (:
this is why I have trust issues with girls. maybe stop being insecure and try going out without makeup one day.
0:47 who da foook is that guy?!!
Christen your skin is AMAZING!!!\nWhat have you been using?\n#beautiful
Love the pink lips
your skin looks sooooooooo good!!!!! talk about an improvement!!!!!😍😍😍😍✨✨✨✨✨
What brand is the lip stick?
love the look , but can i know where you got the contact's??????
Do you still do Halloween make up
You  look gorgeous😍 I Love all of your makeup😻😻 #quadfamily
hun, your nose contour on the thumbnail is not proportion 🤔
Please make a video testing Pacifica makeup, I;m thinking of purchasing from them and would love to see you test it out to see what you think of it! xxx
Her eyes are always pretty, lenses or not, just like her face, makeup or not.
Every time you play a song in your intro, it's always happens to be songs that I'm into... that's so freaky🙆🏻💋💋
You skin looks so flawless 😍 i soo love your videos.
Omg this makeup look is perfect it looks so good on you. Can you do a video for your hair and also a q&a? Please
Wtf those eyes are scary you should wear colored contacts because that green is seriously frightening to look at
Can i req makeup?, i think you look like sssniperwolf when you have long hair.  Btw can you do tutorial makeup like sssniperwolf look.  Pls. 🙏🙏🙏
lol you're just not going to mention the contacts?
Christen's line is the one that I am looking forward to the most. I honestly can not wait to get my grubby hands on it and show my YouTube fam all about it!
I got a little sample of that smashbox primer and I was scared to try it bc I have oily skin especially nose and T zone, thank you for show it to us. But I can use it on cheekbones anyway
Where's you middle finger ring from
Honestly you look so beautiful in this video I love your skin tone if that's not weird💕
Awesome video, as always.... Not feeling the lenses though... I love your natural eye color. I was distracted the whole video by the eyes. IMO, they just don't go with you. You're still gorgeous though!! <3
A Messi le toco bailar con el Maffeo
Geniales los padres
Que lujo uno de 20 años aguantando a Messi 💪 y hay jugadores con más años que aun así no lo pueden marcar también
Que voz tan rica
Grande Maffeo hahaha
A Ronaldo esto no le hace falta. Messi es unico
Crack Maffeo porque nunca quiso párarlo apunta de patada \nEn cambio Pepe es mas feo que las ganas de cagar y rajero 😂😂
esperando el video todo el día 😂😂😂
QUE CRAK MESSI
Jugar así es Maffeo.
QUEDATE CON QUIEN TE CUIDE COMO MAFFEO A MESSI 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Messi no tiene a Deulofeu y entonces le traen a uno mafeo
el marcaje en individiual es una putada para el atacante y el defensor, pero quien haya jugado a futbol sabe que es una opción más. Igual si no le hubieran marcado así messi les mete 2 o 3 goles. Al final lo que cuentan son los 3 puntos, y no si juego como me gusta o no
el mejor canal de youtube
Los fans de Cristianos son homosexuales reprimidos, lo admiran mas por su altura, su bronceado, sus musculos y por que es guapo.
Like si Messi es el Mejor del Mundo
bien por Mafeo, así se marca limpiamente y no a patadas
pues ni yo me le despegaría un segundo
masfeo tubo suerte le dijo pidió que no hiciera goles.
Los marcajes individuales es una putada, no le dejas disfrutar al chaval, muy mal Machís
Can some one translate in English what the players are saying?
What does this video mean in English??
Que le pida la camisa y el autógrafo entonces 😂😂, que triste la manera de jugar
por qe me encanta su voz?❤
Messi to man city soon
Me parecio excelente lo de Maffeo,se preparo toda la semana para marcar a Messi y lo logro..ademas no pego una patada,lo anuló hasta donde pudo je.
por fin VIDEO DEL BARÇA POR FIN
Hermoso video.
Maffeo desde colombia te apoyo.. fuerza campeon....
Mario sube el camino
Tu voz me da sueño ;v
Jajajajaja
Buen Messi 😂👑👏👏👏
Kkk la sombra d messi😂
Zabaleta II
Ahhhaahhahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahaha
substitle bitches
Zorba el griego
Los reportajes parecen novelas jaja
Maffeo tienen que comprarlo
ni así pudieron ganar
Tú eres mi amigo fiel jajajajajajaja
1:11 catacrock .
Jajajaj
City watch = life
Messi, Messi, Messi
Que presión para maffeo, hay que destacar eso, te ordenan marcar los 90 minutos al mejor del mundo y sabes que en cualquier momento se te puede escapar.
Despues del partido me parece gracioso hubiese estado super gracioso que lo invitace a cenar con la familia
messi no le hizo gol al poderoso Girona??? que raro
Las dos mejores actitudes para una situación tan ingrata y poco vistosa. \nDos caballeros. Chapeau
corre con una cara de la concha de su madre ya se me fue este un padre nuestro y a ver si ocurre un milagro !
Quien es ma feo de los dos? Lo pilláis?\n😂😂
resultado  final de esta estrategia obsoleta? 0-3
Qué buena clase tienen los que arman éste programa. Excelente. Siempre generan buen humor en quienes lo vemos. Gracias.
Y le funcionó por que Messi no marcó aunque igual el Girona perdió jejeje
Maffeo marca a Cristiano y este le responde: Y quien eres tu? Yo soy el mejor, Xavi juega en Qatar...
Lo triste cuando los demás jugadores no tienes su lugar ganado es que los traen en modo robots/títeres & eso me enfada. Dejen a los futbolistas jugar como ellos se sientan cómodos. Dejen el fútbol ser un deporte, olviden el dinero por un rato.
Me gustaría ver a PABLO MAFFEO en el Barcelona... Mucho mas que a la MITAD de la plantilla actual del Barcelona. \nese MUCHACHO SI TIENE TALENTO, logreo PARAR EL 50% DEL PODER DE MESSI, y eso ya es decir MUCHO!\nTiene Buen marcaje, el chico. Y buena aptitud. Para mi un JUGADORAZO!
Buenísimos los videos, desde Argentina
Estar a 7 puntos es una mierda
Que estrategia mas mala del entrenador, en vez se marcar a un solo jugador, deberian marcara los que estan sueltos y no solo a uno, se que messi es el mejor y es el que mas peligro da pero bueno...
Jajajajjaj quizas no se vea bien el marcaje personal, pero logro de alguna manera evitar que messi tuviera un mejor partido xd. Me parecio chistoso, no se porque tantas quejas. Al fin y al cabo es futbol y esta para disfrutar xd
Reyna-maradona la original!!! Una copia exacta la de maffeo-messi y si q lo desaparecio!! eso aremos el 5 de octubre pero muchos anos atras mi viejo me cuenta q alguien se la izo al gran perico leon de ahi la copia un venezolano a maradona y de ahi viene la de reyna-maradona!! Increible cambio y fuera!!!
La voz de la chica me la puso como brazo de albañil 👀💪
ajajajajajajajajajajaja que cosa mas agradable
Como Reyna a Maradona... Maffeo a Messi... y dicen que el marcaje personal no funciona...
Maffeo estaba hasta avergonzado, además de estar casi todo el partido a su lado, anulándolo, llega Portu y se queja, amos no me jodas! Y muy bien por Messi, por entenderlo y ser agradable.
0:40 Messi Que hago para sacarme a este de encima jajaja Grande Messi, Buen Partido de Maffeo cumplió con lo que le pidieron!
Que hermoso es el futbol. Que conste que soy del Madrid
Jajaja que bueno rollo ese
La verdad .  Messi y ese jugador mis respeto.. Jaajajajja lo disfrutaron..
El no es el más bonito, el es el Ma' feo
Es Messi el que a marcado Maffeo 😂😂😂
bueno le dio resultado 😯 Messi no hizo goles!
A Cristiano lo marcan asi porque Messi es mejor 😎😎😎😎
I don't understand spanish, somebody to translate to me please ? :'c
1 comentario
Que cancion suena en el min 1:55
Please translate it :'(
DESCUBRE INFIDELIDAD Y REACCIONA VIOLENTAMENTE \nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_UNMTjoFvn0
Al Barcelona le faltó abrir el juego más a las bandas, por eso casi no tuvo opciones a la ofensiva.\nPero refiriéndome a Messi, siempre se la saca con las charlas a sus marcadores, parece que la pasan bien siempre los que marcan a Messi aunque no les vaya como lo esperaban ja buen partido de Maffeo
Cuál era el chiste? Evitar que el Barcelona, te golee o que Messi no marcara gol? Porque si es la segunda sabiendo que puede pasar la primera, es un asco.
I DO NOT SPEAK SPANISH
Por eso en sudamerica no triunfa;alla le piden disculpas por marcarlo, le muestran un respeto cercano al temor. Aca lo marcan de verdad y le dan leña. Es un crack Lio de todas formas
Marcaje personal es el futbol de antes y es efectivo.
Tas loco , solo en Europa se ve eso. Acá en Sudamérica sabes como lo matan a patadas todo el partido?! Jaja y encima le tiran un :  “ levántate cagón , que ni te toque...” por eso le cuesta tanto acá, porque no lo miran , acá lo marcan en serio.
Soy yo el entrenador y se va a la grada todo el año,  le ha faltado pedirle de rodillas lo siento...lamentable
Ha anulado a Messi, lo resto es conversa. Grande Maffeo
mmm con esa voz y si esta exitada mamu te rompo toda
Maffeo fue como si fuera una seleccion de sudamerixa, menudo pecho frio ese frionel xd
QUÉ VOZ MAS FEA...
Lo que hay que informarle a Maffeo esq se llevo 3 y debia haber jugado al futbol aqui no solo cuenta q marques bien a uno sino q ayudes tambien al equipo Yo soy cule pero no lo digo por rabia sino porq eso q hizo mafeo es antifutbol
Messi es un coño
This looks like something HBO made.
My thoughts and it could be wrong... There is no musical motif... none that I find appealing anyway. The DS9 and Voyager themes have a great leitmotif. The TNG also has a good leitmotif. Where is the leitmotif? A melody? Feeling very ambivalent towards this new one...
Cool . . . but doesn't really feel like a proper Star Trek intro sequence to me.
LOVE!!!
Just watched the first two episodes not bad at all I enjoyed it :-)
Interesting. I like it. \nNot what I was expecting, but then I wasn't sure what I was expecting.
Na boa, que abertura GENIAL, incrível!
Se puderem, recomendo os colegas assistirem em uma televisão o vídeo, a abertura tem muito detalhe e muita textura, tem que ser em tela grande para ser aproveitada em todo seu potencial.
This smells like Bryan Fuller.
Isn't it a Fringe theme?
Wow this looks cool, but where are the credits?
What is this James Bond?
Le,mbra GAME OF THRONES, LEONARDO DA VINCI com futurismo.. gostei.
very bad choice of colours for a space sci-fi intro. also, is it me or all the shows have started to have similar openings?
Awesome Opening,  I could feel myself building inside one of Da Vinci's pieces and the instrumental music was quite awesome too, and when I heard the Trek theme strings, just after the Star trek Discovery title is displayed on screen, I  smiled and almost cried
Did anyone else notice how many slanted/diagonal camera shots they used in the show? really started erking me after a while, seemed like the ship was on its side. It's nice to see them doing something different to just exploring space, but i feel like they are straying to far away from the idea of star trek with what seems to be a klingon war, some parts were more star wars than star trek to me. Obviously have to give it at least a season to get an idea of their story idea before making wild claims of how good/bad it really is.
Muito bom.
It's ok with me, it's not Russel Watson singing some dreary plop like on Enterprise
It's been a long road....
Looks great to me!
This has a very Westworld vibe to it. 😅
Pra quem está perguntando: Sim, essa é a abertura real lançada pelo twitter da série. Não tem os nomes dos atores/produtores/do Gene Roddenberry porque é uma versão clean feita pro marketing. No show mesmo isso vai estar tudo incluso.\n\nQue que eu penso dessa abertura: Os visuais são lindos e tão de parabéns, mas a música é muito silenciosa e genérica. Tirando as partes copiadas do tema da série original, não tem nada de interessante na música.
Está ainda sem os créditos...
SQUEEE!!!
Linda! Linda! Linda!
Uaaaaalll
Can't say i like it.
Not bad at all. \nThough it's a bit Game of Thronesesque, I think.
This must be fake as there's no actor's names and most crucially it doesn't say created by Gene Roddenberry
Épico, abertura de série de responsa
I love this show already. Just from this opening alone.
if u can put this in trending, u can put the defenders opening credits in trending..
Please be good Please be good Please be good Please be good
HOPE DWARF MAMBA LOGAN PAUL AND JAKE PAUL TEAM TEN CAN BECAME EXTRAS PROTAGONIST ACTORS  KLINGONS
Why is this on the trending page?
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
was waiting for Jack Sparrow to show up with this song
Were is the theme? its just a piece of music that meanders and goes no where.........
When the violins kick in at 0:30, it really reminds me of legend of zelda gerudo valley: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THdRs7grqhE&t=0m23s
A música não chama atenção mas o visual tá fantástico
is it just me or does it sound like a star trek antherm mixed with harry potter ??
looks like the House opening sequence
TOS, TNG, DS9 and Voyager had/have great openings, Enterprise was/is horrible, this is even worse!
Feels more like greys anatomy than star trek
I love the designing the ship part, but I feel that it should've transitioned into the actual ship and become the kind of star trek into which we've come to love (90s trek intros). The animations of the pops were odd to say the least and there aren't even names, it's just a blown out into trying to scream how TOS it is by showing phasers and communicators, it misses the point if you ask me. And wait, is that the empowered female with male name black ethnic first officer I see there? Yes it is, the original star trek was powerful by making everything normal, once you scream about something, the battle is lost, it isn't powerful. I don't even get how and why SJWs hate star trek, star trek is everything they stand for, they're just not able to see it because if they can fight and change something, they believe that they've done good work. Watch some TOS, or any star trek show, it is a great future where everyone gets on!
What year is it set 2040??
totaly rubbish, so we look at a CAD bluerpint for a minute! terrible ! give me Oriville any day ! Star Trek has lost it.
what shit is this? this is the generic crap we get in a shit ton of shows, doing a Trek intro should be so easy, have the Discovery flying across space with a great, memorable, inspiring theme.
at the time of watching this video has been uploaded for 2 hours, has 972 views and is on the trending page........good job youtube.......good job
Where's the melody Taylor?
Beautiful but feels more like a video game intro ... not particularly star trek. Also the intro music doesn't pull you in ... quite forgettable actually.  The intro music for next gen and voyager immediately pulled you in ... This is rather somber.
Cool intro but the musical score was incredibly Meh, so bland and flat.
It's been a long time... Getting from there to here...\n\nPart of me was waiting for it... Gotta be said.
Spent years watching Walking Dead impatiently waiting for the *insufferable* Sasha to die, just for her to suddenly turn up in the new Star Trek series? Nope, sorry, won't be watching. I know that's a totally unreasonable reason not to watch a show but I just cannot stand that actress.
The music is absolutely wonderful, but I'm not sold on the animation. If we had a traditional TNG/DS9/Voyager opening with the Discovery flying about in space with this tune in the background, it would be amazing.
So that’s it huh, we some kind of enterprise squad?
Well, at least it's not fate of the heart
Não sei o que pensar. É uma coisa lindíssima, mas totalmente inesperada para a serie. Sera mesmo a versao final / oficial?
Bom hj vou descobrir...se é a da série ou não.
total garbage
Shit.
RUBBISH, FORGETTABLE, BLAND
Absolutely horrific!
Wow, that sucks
Wrong pallete, space and yellow?
No. Just... no.
this is bad
Destiny 2?
Sério?! Mereceia mais impacto. Lembrou Dr. House
Não deve ser essa a da série! Onde está o Based upon.... E na minha opinião faltou o espaço....é série no espaço ou não? Boa, mas poderia ser melhor, muito melhor.
Just glad they didn't blow it like Enterprise!
It looks and feels like STD.
This show is for nerdssssss
You are jokeing, the music is arfull and to put a cartoon title sequence for a big budget show like this, is terrible I can't believe it they might as well just thrown up the name of the show and 10 seconds of music, this is not star trek how cheap, I bet there is moor crap in-store and to show a communicator an a phaser they make it look like a baby's show now trekkers will be laughed at.
Labour doesn't stand for it's old values and is just another party fighting for its own glory ...
So... If I wanted something I couldn't afford like a Ferrari, I should just borrow the money from a loan company? Anyone with any sense would say i''m mad. They'd be right, it would be a stupid thing to do. Lets scale that up to a country size borrowing and suggest its anything other than Mad. The only reason Labour can borrow so much money when they get in power is because of the house keeping the Conservatives do while they're in power. Lets try to be more like Germany and less like Greece. No one wants to be a slave to the central banks once they restrict the money supply. Look at what happened to Japan when they went on a spending spree? if anyone is interested watch Princes of Yen and youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5Ac7ap_MAY
Remind me. Labour lost the election, yes? Because I'm getting a whiff of Kinnock here. I think the Labour Party is currently too busy counting their chickens. Never trust a chicken.
i wanna be like him when i get old
Most people on 0 hour contracts are in the types of jobs that will be taken over by AI and machines. They're the types of jobs people don't normally stay in for long anyway.
And all the rest of it!
Why is this trending with 1.6k views, seems like youtube has some sort of agenda...
Skinner is the only true Labour MP , he puts his constituents first and has never veered away from his politics and views for personal gain unlike the rest of Labours poor excuse of MP's
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
their will only be one Mr. Skinner
First?  YES DENNIS...YES!  xx one love xx
Dangerous party... Corbyn supports terrorism.
YES
Borrow it regardless of being in dept already and have no means of paying it back.\nLabour bought in tuition fees under Blair did he not.
The guy looks like a British Donald trump
Lmao YouTube shoving this sh#@ down our throats
Pls fix ur teeth
about a year ago I couldn't imagine offset ever being this big. I never thought he'd blow up alone off bad and boujee. he missed the two biggest moments that migos had when he was locked up. but he finally made it.
Done With Balenciaga's They keep fucking my socks up 🙄
Why does every person in these comments talk “gangster” “He look like he fresh asf and he must gotta good baby mama” wtf
Lmao he's a great father.
His daughter is so adorable 😍💯
what is that song in the backround?
black folks R all replicas of each other
I didnt kno he had a daughter
I feel like he becoming nicer
She got a pair of gucci's before me
Wtf so he has 2 kids right?
Why does a baby need Gucci shoes
Whoever is the Migos stylist needs recognition cuz they used to dress like absolute trash a couple years ago
both of them don't even go to school lmao
https://www.2hotstore.com/products/vote-for-j-will\nVote for me so I can have a chance to perform in Miami during the BET Awards Weekend
They used an Elaquent beat at the start. Smart move.
These niggas act like their so rich lmao , even NFL players make way more than all these whack migo rappers
The audio quality on this sounds amazing tf
Offset baby be round the migos when they burnin it up ???  Cuz she aint even respondin\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWatch how much nggas gon be like shes just a baby\n\nLol i know its just a joke
This nigga high af no wonder he wear sun glasses most of the time
He got the cutest children
No way I'm buying my lil girl gucci to play in the sandbox at school...☺
Didn't school start about a month or two ago
Yo,my oldest nephew man I am extremely happy and proud of you you are great father and dad you inspire me nephew 24 years an counting to the end keep growing I will be out soon hope to see you face to face to let you know that I luv and my all my nieces and nephew. Uncle Joe Moe.
Seems like a great dad.
His daughter a cutie ♥️🙌🏻
She so cute ! She has his nose
Why would u buy your child Gucci or Trues when they gon grow out of it?
Need to put that 💰 in a trust fund...
Damn whatta g personally spending time with his daughter and making sure she stays fresh
that's what's up 100 good dad
real men take care of his kids!!!! respect.
Make money as a teen quick and easy http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=lawngawd
I got that exact same shirt at 2:45
He’s so damn high lol :P
Thank god that ain't cardi bs baby
I saw a different side of offset in this video . He seems like a nice guy
It's October my midterm is in 2 weeks back to school huh
Some people out here sound so stupid at times I’m from California and if I can understand everything he’s saying maybe some of U people are just listening to slow after all he didn’t even use any slang so maybe you’re just the stupid one if you need to put someone down to make you feel better about yourself just think about it!!
EVERYONE GO LISTEN TO THIS SONG IF ITS NOT THE BEST SONG YOU HEARD ROAST IT 😂‼️🤘🏾😈🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨https://soundcloud.com/thatboyjah/jah-she-calling-ft-noe-badass-prod-jah-smazzebeats🚨
Way to go Offset getting your life together, staying out of trouble, being a good father and making great music.
so glad sagging is out of style well done 2017
Yall better put some respect on #Offset name bro yall lowkey sleepin on this man son
You look into offsets real personal life and he just seem like your traditional fuckboy who just managed to get rich. Lame
Wait Offset got a daughter too?? Damn
Say gray good job ima buy you another 3 thousand doller fit
Nigga it's damn near October
Type of life i want for my kids i work 24/7 literally 24/7 for my kids
I wish I was his daughter, I would love to get Gucci shoes n shit I be bragging asffff
Wow she look just like him
Lil baby is more fresh than I will ever be, feels bad man
What a waste of money just buy them regular clothes coulda bought her so much more with that money
Someone toss this man the Dad of the year Award 👏💪💰💲🙏
Should be titled \n“Offset talking about clothes while teaching his daughter colours”
Why the hell is she not back in school yet?\nWho starts in october 😂...
A man taken care of his kid or kids much respect!!
Him with his daughter is so sweet..
Why ya gay ass got shades on in the store broad daylight w ya daughter. New niggas is goofy and gay i stg. Yea throw ur daughter 40k so she can grow up and be another gold diggin thot. Cant understand these niggas u got all the resources to instill the right values etc. And u do the opposite. Oml never liked the migos anyway some tracks i was forced to cuz u cant get away from the shit. Niggas lame
Yo baby girl is adorable,it's a blessing to see a dad taking his kids shopping,my dad use to do it for me and my twin we really felt loved and got use to it,lol your a beautiful person stay strong
Why true religion jeans tho he should’ve bought her some royal robins or something better
Don't get it fucked up nigga on my momma, all that shit he buyin designer
FUCKKING RETARD
That Baby a obvious hypebeast.
Ayyy anybody else noticed the true religion jeans
Nigger
walking adlibs
How lovely ❤️
💯
So cute
what jeans are those
What jeans
she is adorable omg
YRN
she’s gorgeous 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
She’s so adorable
https://youtu.be/f7VIb7FPC8Y
Real nigga 🔥💯
Love thiss.
Forreal though nevah wear fake shit hating niggas will laugh
Why offset look like 2 chainz?
OFFSET-WOOO
https://youtu.be/C5xHwEGeFaA
That hoodie clean af
Beautiful little girl
👍👍
This got me smiling
I thought offset only speak ad libs lmao
https://youtu.be/F4rDbH4Pw1E
School started 4 weeks ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFpZ8yR18OM
that gucci sweater was dope tho
Nigga we are damn near October
Offset’s daughter is hypebeasg
https://m.soundcloud.com/louidson-louis-570515712/louda-ipromise
The 🐑
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=31839
Offset getting a rebranding.
This is cute
“whas hannin hybeases”
she gon grow up to be spoiled af
Hey guys! I hope you enjoyed today's video! I'm so excited to finally start this years Halloween series it's gonna be a blast! Ps. I realise I said Mickey Mouse instead of Minnie Mouse, not sure why I did, I know the costume was Minnie's, i'm just silly haha!
I literally thought she was Safiyya from Buzzfeed( who now has her own channel)
When she said Mickey Mouse when it’s supposed to be Minnie 😰😨😱
Hi guys, are there any small you-tubers out there that would like to support each other? I do beauty related videos with reviews and unboxings ♥ Thank you
It might come with thongs because the costume might be see through
It’s Minnie not Mickey
I’m pretty sure the wings were upside down 😕
It's a bit early to be thinking about halloween
who else got a little irritated when she would say Mickie instead of mini lol but ily
All I could think about is the sexy pumpkin from himym 😂
I'm going to be a slut for Halloween. My favorite holiday.
Is it just me that automatically thought of slutty pumpkin from HIMYM when she was showing the pumpkin
It's Minnie not Mickey
she put the Tinkerbell wings on upside down
hi, its my first time here and im already in .... LOOOOOVVVVEEE!!!!!!!!!!
older grace what's her name u know the little girl who was on Ellen and Sam and cat and sings with her cousin who doesn't actually do anything
I have the Luigi one 😂
It's Minnie mouse lol
Do more hair tutorials
Shes faked putting the underwear in there
She reminds me so much of Aspyn Ovard
Your so pretty☺️☺️☺️☺️😁😁😁
Wings are upside down
Its MINNE MOUSE NOT Mickey Mouse
You're my new fav YouTuber!!:)
slut
Minnie Mouse not Micky mouse x
Minnie Mouse not mickey
Halloween is my birthday 🎉
This makeup suits you soooo much! Xx
Luv your vids
miny mouse
Why..
BEST OFFERS UNDER 1$ ON EBAY :https://goo.gl/jk42SH
u make all those costumes look great
omds i thought she was safiya nygaard from the thumbnail & she just dyed her hair... GIRL U PRETTTYYYY
Don't ask me why but dis girl totally looks like Safiya Nygaard but with blonde hair and green eyes.
U looked pretty hot in that green outfit from Peter Pan... that's all I can say
She looks like a barbie doll... Nice vid tho
It part of the costume
The wings are upside down and it's not Mikey mouse it's Minny
It's not Mickey Mouse it's Minnie Mouse
Your tinker bell wings were up side down xxx😂😂😂
The last one makes you look pregnant at the front
She's so pretty !!💜💙💜💙 love her room!!
I really don't get why a halloween costume would come with a thong how innocent, honey, it's called roleplay, and that's a kink
It's Minnie mouse Not Mickey mouse
Isn't it MINNIE mouse??? Or is my non english-speaking ass confused?
Its not micky..... micky is a dude
How long did it take for all of that to get delivered? Some of those are really cute and I might consider wearing one for my Halloween parade for senior year :)
It's not Mickey! It's Minnie!
Isn't it pretty common for girls to wear thongs with dresses? And not for a sexual reason, but that it has an actual purpose.
how are these Halloween costumes ?😂😂🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Does anyone feel that she is the love child of Millie T & Aspyn Ovard
The superwoman socks, you put them over shoes
First video i see and i have to say I FEEL I LOVE YOU bye
OMGGGG IM SO *triggered* it's Minnie Mouse not Mickey Mouse
I think the bunny one was nice
Is it just me or do u look like saf with her hair dyed blonde
Did Anyone she the man or woman if the mirror at 13:05
I love your makeup ! Especially the eyeshadow and the lipstick ❤
The Mario costume looks really cute
I went to buy that skeleton dress put it links to a jumpsuit not the dress
Why the heck do all the young ladies want everything so small and short why does everyone have to be so provocative no respect for yourselves come on! This era of kids is too much!
It's Minnie
Kill thyself.
Dick Virgils
Gosh you're hot
She looks like Saifya Nygaard
Beautiful
Your blu wal decorasjon is like my pop soccet
Do DIY hallowen treats!!!Pleeeessseee
Minnie mouse
It's Minnie mouse
I got my whatever Merch
You rock everything!
When you said adult costumes they meant role play costumes, adult adult costume 👭👫 🍆
WHEN SHE SAID ARIANA I WAS LIKE OMGGGGGGGGGGGG
I felt so disrespected as she kept saying MICKEY MOUSE for a Minnie mouse costume lol
Who remembers the pumpkin costume from that one How I met your mother episode!!
When You Go to the link to the skeleton dress, it showes a skeleton suit or somthing, is it the dress or What?
note i love   it mikkwily  pour   :o)
It's Minnie Mouse i think
Love this video! I really consider to be a pumpkin for Halloween 😄 haha
Who else got triggered when she kept calling Minnie Mouse Mickey Mouse 😂
Film matts reaction to the costumes
Thongs because they no its when most go at it 😂 😂 😂 x
Hey hun that’s a play boy bunny
I’m getting the mario on
I had that same super women dress when I was 4
You look so cute in the minni mouse dress 💖
im sorry this just bugged me it's MINNIE MOUSE 🐭
I'm so exited for Halloween like if u r 2
The stocking for the superwoman costume is meant to go over your shoes
🕸🕷🎃👻☠️
Tinker bell
I'm new
Tinker bell for sure! ❤️
OMG UR SO CUTE!!😭♥️
ITS MINIE MOUSE!!!!!! 😡😡😡😡
Nice video , btw it helps me , 2 day im going camping. Do more vids!!!
15 million views in less than a week. Holy shit.
I love this stuff. Knowing this sort of stuff is what'll get us through the inevitabel apocalypse. Get a few friends to join your tribe though, cuz otherwise you'll be cold and miserable, and probably dead.
You always have nice hair. What.
was keen as for this new vid, be a sick cunt and do more forging metals!
what if it rains?
100% sure he is an alien doing a phd on human civilization and one of the task was to recreate ancient civilization methods to verify it.
Does anyone realize he has hardly any videos and yet he's practically a youtube celebrity
This guy has too much spare time
Who ever reading this \n\nHave a great day:)
this guy made 23 thousand dollars in 4 days for this, and he makes over 84k a month for this, how much you wanna bet that outside of this he lives in a mansion with a lamborghini as his car.
How often do you upload because I've accidentally watched every vid twice
This guy would be richer than Jake Paul and Logan Paul if there was add on his video lol
How did you build a primitive Camera on a primitive Youtube ?
The thing on the roof tile was it iron?
Why is this trending on youtube?
If an EMP is released on America, you're looking at your new leader
Do how to make a dirty water into clean water
want a naturally lean body + massive survival skills? be his intern for a month =))
Meanwhile I'm sitting here in my house in the city
Gameplays of Minecraft are so real today
hey primitive technology can you show us how to make a water mill please
get this dude to buile a band room for The Ghosts to keep the kangaroos away. check us out :)
When you realize your job is endangered by 60 Siamese primitive tech channels. *pumps out 10x more videos per week and makes them more creative*\n\nI see you.
I'm happy to see that you have shoes now... I was worried you might get cut
Wanna hear some fire ass dope? Look no further, play this at any party to make it hype as fuck! 😂😂🔥🔥 (Yes I make my own beats and lyrics) \n⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️▶️\nhttps://soundcloud.com/user-886322276/smbm
Wait its been 2 years since your first video? I could have sworn it was only a year ago or so what the heck
This whole channel has been a slow play advertisement for the new Primitive Tech Brick Oven Pizza restaurant grand opening.
Am I the only one wondering why this has so many views?
Rips off mask, actually Trump preparing his building skills for his wall\n\n\n\n\nPLOT TWIST
This man is staight up awesome he can make an entire hut out of random stuff in the forest and doesn't say a word while doing it I'd love to meet this man irl just to talk to him I take so much inspiration from these videos they are just so good
Just a matter of time before brick houses and metal tools start getting made on this channel
I'm glad you put ads in your videos, you're one of only a few you tubers that derserve the money, especially since so many other sites steal your content
Wow I love these Minecraft in real life things
Whens he gonna make his own shorts?
I feel like one day I'm gonna see Primitive technology uploaded: megatherium trap
This is amazing please upload more. Pleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaase
If his channel keeps growing he'll start making videos about steam engines, than how to create the internet, than he'll make levitating cars, and the cure to cancer!
You should get a branch fold it like a hanger add vines to make it like a bow then tie it. After u can use that to get the exact level for everyone of the bricks FYI
Do you have friends?
make a marker type thing
if nuclear war happens and the world is destroyed, maybe this kind of technology we need
I don't know how to do this but I can make Top Ramen you don't see him making Top Ramen
Could you draw us a basic map in the next vid? I find it hard to figure out where everything is.
People are stealing your videos and uploading them to dtube. ( a youtube competitor)
this guy is the reason why rainforests are burning from time to  time - give him enough time and he gonna rebuild rome.
This guy and the whole series is just brilliant. Stuff we have long forgotten.
This new Age of Empires DLC looks great!
... it's good for us to learn these practices ... because the way the world is going .... going from bad to worse .....
You cut of trees:(
can't wait for the next one!
Can you do 24 in the forest starting from scratch. Making a shelta with a living area in there with a heat source and place to cook in a live stream
(2023) How to make a working nuclear powerplant from mud, wood and homemade uranium
I want to live with him
I hope y’all know he doesn’t live like that. Just look at how sharp his edges are on his hair. Or how well kept his fingernails or his facial hair is. Or ya know internet access for these videos.
This is absolutely amazing! Keep sharing your knowledge dude
Why dont you build a house with bricks i dare you
My home brick made by mud, so we are still primitive !!!
look at just how much time and effort he put into this video, the subtitles alone has 30 different languages
If u subscribe to me I will subscribe back to you
https://youtu.be/HLxs3lQ3ge8 residents closed down town roads
I hope he starts to make weapons with that metal.
When you're interested in trying but know you're either \n\nToo weak\nToo lazy\nGive up easily\nJust don't bother with it \nToo stupid
You should make arrow heads.I want to but can't find any flint.
He got mad pussy after this
Every time he uses one of his tools from a passed video I think  ha, yea, I know how he made that.  ;)
Imagine what he could do on naked and afraid
it's so fucking interesting when you're stoned
A man of few words who gets things done. I'm watching your videos for book research I'm doing--ancient historical fiction.
as cool as all this stuff is, I'm worried about the guy. Probably has tons of hook worms from all that dirt. Hope he gets worm removal stuff every once in a while.
This person doing very hard work and it really amazing doing all from Primitive Technology .....
In 2050\n\nPrimitive Technology: cellphone made of stone
Legend Says this guy can made Smartphone, Computer & Cameras from clay and wood 😁
How many acres of land do you have?
Legend has it that the camera he used is made out of mud and tree bark.
Make a video of you makeing a minehsaft
Такими темпами он свой город построит
Fajne
exciting！日本国字幕あざーす
Respect
Gg
Too Much Toil. Respect.
Another great vid thanks brotha 🤘
6:21 amazing quality
That minecraft
Primitive Technology: Catch Freshwater Fishes daily barehanded\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gl1IwQQ6x0w
Pro tip, turn on captions :)
clearly dis nigga hasn't discovered language yet XD
有点吊！要玩！
This video deserves 1,000,000 likes
tks sup vn
Tarzan
this guy could definitely restart civilization
4 days with 15 milion views, so efficient
Привет всем
구독자수ㄷㄷ
0:16   that was kinda sexy
clarkcleaning.ca
When you boil water. Why do you but the rocks from the fire into the water? Can’t you put the water in the clay pot into the fire? Please reply.
One question and one question only...\n\n\n\n\nDo you jerk off in the woods??
Black cabbies go through extensive checks and have to memorize every street in London for their license test. Uber is putting our iconic black cabbies out of pocket. Good riddance.
I know a white English mum that is an Uber driver. It's a good job for a mum.
Mostly Muslim rapes that got there  licence revoked but you won't hear that on the news will you.
pathetic to apologise for what uber have been doing for so long.
I mean in reality ubers aren't really the best service anyways considering how there us usually plenty of issues with uber drivers.  Talk about safety by getting into a car with a stranger. that's clearly safe.  that is if it even fcking turns up in the first place after taking cash
Taxi very expensive in London, taxi driver is racists
There are TWO Londons & Why it MATTERS\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl-DVgHVzgY
I'm more worried about the thousands of people that lost their jobs
Yeah they do not comply to the law ,
People are freaking out? Fuck off. It's called A TAXI? Yunno them black cabs people used before UBER came along. Half of them were rude anyway. Fucking foreign pricks.
Hi please can some people look at my channel
Hey women will get free rides and pleasure in black cabs in London... If you know what I mean
Isn't there any private hires in London?  Ffs most taxis have apps now and did before we had Uber over here
Time to move to the city of England
At least it's better than Coby Persin picking up uber riders in a Bugatti
Probably because the government get more tax from black cabs I'm guessing?
Subscribe to me for an £10 gift card give away
Wanna know why people are complaining?\n\nMost uber drivers shut up and drive
This is all down to Black Cab Drivers unable to deal with competition.  Black Cab Drivers have just lost the little credibility they were clinging on to.
The Law of Attraction Explained in Simple Terms >> https://www.facebook.com/LawofAttraction-115750282434006/app/208195102528120
Wow this is stupid, the dramatic music and everything smh it's Uber ffs just get a fucking cab with your first world issues, dickhead.
Uber is a bad company
There's many other minicab offices that will benefit from this
Search Youtube for Arcade City.  Just saying.
They need to employ some female sexual predators other wise there just being sexist , or maybe just top less ones , just start a new company called Boober I'd be there biggest customer
On another note I have tried to take many forms of transport in London and because I'm a panda they won't take me, so I just gallop, like a horse, so I won't look too suspicious. Would you like to come sightseeing around London with me? The one and only Cheeky Panda! Follow the link for the first episode in the series. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfMdXHOIH6I
👎This offends me as a vegan transgender hipster Native-American-Indo-Chinese hybrid alien agnostic-atheist German engineer who vapes fairtrade organic decaffeinated compressed and hydrated extra-protein soy breast milk on the regular and does Hindi Kama Sutra naked crossfit yoga 5 times per week. I'm also a nonbinary trigender genderqueer male feminist and identify myself as a pastafarian pansexual genderfluid Apache helicopter dog of mega multi alpha beta gamma delta omega combo god of hyper death who's in a polygamous polyamorous relationship to the chihuahua which helped me cross the border of Mexico because it hates Donald Trump. My dog also walks me to the park and doggy styles me, if you find that weird you're an ignorant arrogant homophobic gender-assuming globaphobic bloodthirsty gun-loving cisgender pansexual bestial sexist racist incestuous white-previlege misogynistic biased objectified raped privileged Nazi slave owner terrorist lesbian.
Uber is not the only taxi app available lyft , Addison Lee ,hailo and many more .
Thank fuck Über has lost it . Most of there driver are dirty smelly pedo Muslim. 👍🏼👍🏼 \nLove live the British London black cab driver 👍🏼🇬🇧👍🏼🇬🇧
Fuck uber I'd rather get raped on the bus
These drivers can work for their local cab company, so most jobs aren't lost. Customers can use other app to get taxis such as Kabbie to get a cab for a reasonable price.
It's about time!! I was a taxi driver. You either sign up and be an uber driver or lose out ... uber will put every taxi firm out of business and as a company they should have made certain changes to keep people safe and haven't. I hope they lose the right to do business in every town and city in the UK
Didn't Londoners vote for labour control. It's just the labour way.
I've never used Uber- I'm 19 and much prefer traditional cabs. Same prices so...
Drunk students will be stranded I guess
If you're a student and you can afford a taxi period there's something wrong there
Hahaha long live the black cabs. Fuck you uber
Just take the bus.
Guys it's easy just use Wallington cars and couriers. They are actually a really good service
Britain is a failing country, the government basically own you.
Can we all just stfu about politics and get on? In real life you don't bite each other's heads of!
Uber is getting its arse kicked about time
Great news uber sneaking about not paying taxes all though the back door get a proper black cab
Who else is just relaxed knowing there not in London right now? 😥🙏
OMG GOD how are people going to get around now\n\n\n\n\nbecause humans never moved until Uber was made
Losing Uber is great news for London. Black Cabs are an institution and something we should all be proud of.
jesus christ people just get a car or bike if you can't afford it.
Good. The knowledge beats all.
Please help a brother reach 50 subs!
Uber hasn't paid any tax whilst operating in the U.K. What so ever! And they're being taken of the streets as they're a risk to health and safety after a growing number of rapes and sexual assaults, get a black cab, they're a lot safer, professional and English, black taxi prices are higher but that extra 3 quid ensures your safety around London
Just walk kids, it ain’t that far a few miles in 45 mins to save £30 by not taking a cab is ez
I love uber. This is absolute nonsense
i see the cancer is thriving in the comments
Its an APP? Why don't they just copy it & make it state run? Put all profits towards fixing the roads etc. Screw Uber's mega rich shareholders.
*Hey you! I have been working on my channel for almost 3 years now and i was wondering if maybe you could check out some of my videos, let me know how im doing, how far ive come etc*
Good when uber drivers trying to kill our police out side Buckingham palace. Rapes extortion etc.
Don't really care about the passengers, but think of all the people in london that have lost their jobs.
I watched TAXI Driver sat in the back of a TAXI whilst eating a TAXI bar once. Whilst a plane TAXIed on a nearby runway. All this typing is quite TAXIng
Uber drivers are not necessary in London due to excellent public transport.
Capitalism at its finest right here... oh wait
Wtf man uber has served me well all this time.. give back its license for fuck sake..
Pretty sure London was one of the only places in the U.K. Where you could use über. I live in Plymouth and know one uses it so either learn how to fucking drive or get a taxi lie everyone else
BUT I CAN STILL USE MY UBER APP
London is my country.
Yay!
Haha they are fucked
One word lyft
About fucking time
Loosing #uber
That Gary Lineker tweet 😂😂😂
Trolls unite: 07463939291
#londonhasfallen
Madeintyo would not be proud.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO\nHOW AM I SUPPOSED ROLL SHUBZ
http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=buju
Uber's just waiting for driverless cars.
http://teensearnbank.com/?ref=Ysaru easy money
Fuck uber.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
uber drivers.......dirty immigrant raping scum that dont know where they are going.....good riddance
We need Cabracadabra!
Shame man. These dumb prius drivers
ride the fucking taxi you anti-social pillocks
...OMG CHECK OUT NEW UBER VIDEO ....CRAZY....http://quainator.com/XR
well im safe i use Adisson Lee(pengting called uck queen...)
Great news
Ffs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oZ1vNNHYSU
Fags will have to walk, boo fucking hoo!
Hi
https://youtu.be/NfVcATLVGSI
Shouldn't let rapists and pedophiles work for Uber most of them can't even speak English
So they should be banned.  Cheap ass service.  The drivers don't have the knowledge or passion for the position.  It's a vocation if you do it right.  Half of uber drivers can barely speak English so fuck em.  Go get a job at mc d's.  The drivers aren't qualified in nvq or neither do they have regular crb checks or medicals such as a drugs test.   Cheap ass service for cheap ass people.
SIGN THIS ONLINE PETITION TO SAVE OUR UBERS \nhttps://www.change.org/p/save-your-uber-in-london-saveyouruber\n\n\nLIKE THIS SO THAT LOTS OF PEOPLE SEE IT
To that retards last comment if you want to be safe move out of London living costs are cheaper and crime is lower its not the government's responsibility to make sure your safe everything you decide to go out and piss yourself so badly you can't walk at 3 in the morning grow up
London isn't London anymore its owned by foreign aliens
Now the Islamic state of london will have to ride their goats to the mosk instead
*This is why UK is trash. Theyre always so against capitalism and the free market. Reason why those Americans have made far more advancements than us fucking foreigners. These black cabs need to realize that we are in the modern age. Their jobs shouldnt last forever without any form of change or competition. Entrepreneurs are constantly creating things that will challenge somthing that has been so instilled in our lives that sooner or later, people just have to accept that fact that we must evolve and allow things to take its natural course.   You cant stop technology from further entering and changing our lives.*
BLAME THE MUSLIMS THEY ARE TAKING KVER THE WORLD..!! Sadiq Khan mayor
lets all agree if your an indian live in india or if your a pakistani live in pakistan or a African live in africa or if your any think else fuck off to America
Now you have a slight feeling of how the animals feel when Loreal tests their products on them!  Please do some research and support cruelty free!! ❤ 🐇
I loooove watching your vids! Most beauty bloggers I scim through but you GF I watch and enjoy the banter.
You need to try the wet n wild hd foundation.  Now I will warn you. Straight up smells like house paint.  But it is so pretty on the skin
Why can't I find a YouTube makeup artist that isn't cringe and isn't a drama queen?
I love it when you do makeup tutorials! You were my very 1st you tuber! Lol. Your makeup looks dope 😉
i love you but your palette isn’t affordable? $40?? i love seeing looks with your palette and i love using it but in no way is this affordable
Jaclyn! What color are you in the Milani foundation? ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love this look ! And I have basically everything used in this video ! Will definitely recreate ❤️
LOVE this look!!! Don't know if I could pull it off. It's GORG with your eye color.\nALso, What color did you use for the foundation?
I had the same reaction to the Maybelline fit me concealer years ago! I’ve been hesitant about drugstore concealers since then :( I almost bought the L’Oréal one a few weeks ago, but something told me not to do it lol. I’m going to stick to my shape tape and naked skin! Btw, this is my favorite look you’ve ever done! It makes me want to hop out of bed, and go to town on my face. Ugh I love it so much!! You are perfection.
You could of slightly spelled central perk different and it would no longer be a copy right issue like of you would of spelled it central perkk or centrall perk a slight difference is enough for it to make it yours and not have a copy right issue because of the show or whatever.
Morphe really needs to tone down the shipping expenses so I can buy this palette\n38$ converted to Canadian is around 50$ ish, plus another 40 CAD for shipping is 90$ plus taxes, and duties it comes to 130$ for me :(
Omg those ulexite towers in the background! 😍😍 They're beautiful
Can you do an all organic make up look?
My eye stung from pro glow concealer there's too much alcohol in it
Hey babes, want to sub for a sub??!
Love videos like this, where you show your whole routine, and talk threw them. Please do a home decor video
I don't like the way she pouts her lips in the thumbnail! Smile more please you look beautiful.
Literally have not tried the infallible JUST BECAUSE the fit me concealer burned my skin like that!! I was wondering if I was the only one who had reactions to their products
So glad to see you filming again. You're so talented.. No one can make up an eye like you.. j.s.!
You look a bit --a lot ---- like marilyn manson :0
It makes me excited to see you get so excited using your palette ❤️
I doubt you will ever see this BUT I just filmed my first tutorial & I used your palette! If you want to watch it, that’d be a dream! If not, I understand you’re busy & probably get like 5 bajillion comments like this. I’ll love ya regardless! 🤘🏼
what is the foundation color you used?
Jaclyn I absolutely adore you. The end.
Okay I hated your lips before but giiiiiiirllllll they look sooooo good now! #slaymylife 👄👄👄👄💋💋💋💋
Yes! Pls more eye look with your palette! 💗
I need that red beauty blender! Where's it from?
Lovee that sweater !!😍 would love to know where it's from!(:
Those selenite pillars in the background yes girl loooove
Please please please do more reviews I ❤️ them and you!!
LIVINGGGG for this eye look!! Always love your tutorials Jaclyn!
I'm not an eyeshadow girl, but your palette is my go to!
Yes!!!! It burned my eyes too!! I have to close my eye while I put it on :( Struggle is real girl !
A lot of other youtubers that I've watched have had the same issue with the pro glow concealer!
I have VERY sensitive skin also & the maybelline fit me concealer does the same exact thing to my under eyes also.
I totally agree you should start doing more videos! I miss you!
I haven't tried the pro glow concealer yet but I do get a burning and stinging from the fit me concealer but after it is blended out the stinging goes away... maybe I should stop using it 😂😂
My fav video ever I felt I’m sitting next to you and chatting I love you ❤️ Jaclyn 😘😘
List of products it appears she got famous and fuck everything
YAY! I love the eye look you did! More videos using your palette! DIVA is one of my favorite shades in the palette!
OMG JACLYN THAT PRO GLOW CONCEALER BURNED MEEEE TOOO!! I thought it was just me!! 😳😱 the eye first!
It's the set backs in our lives that grow us into the people we become! Don't let the haters get you down, their voices are just loud 😡. You know who you are ~hold onto that sunshine and stay positive!💃🏼
I got the pro glow concealer as well, and it also stung my eyes until I blended it out
You are so beautiful. Thanks for the video.
I had the same reaction to the loreal conclealer! Casey Holmes had it too! She removed it right away in a video as well!
I love everything about this look! I even love you Jaclyn! You're an amazing person inside and out ❤❤❤❤
I get the burning yoo
I had the same under eye problem with the Age Rewind concealer.
Where is your sweater from! I need me a good cream sweater 💁🏻
Jesus titties that ring on yo finger is #goals!!! 👌🏼👍😍😘
The maybelline fit me concealer stung under my eyes too!
Casey Holmes made a full face of first impressions using the pro glow concealer and the same thing happened to her and a bunch of her followers in the comments!
This is one of your best most recent videos! You seemed happy, relaxed and more yourself. I love the eye look!!! I have the palette but I’m not so great at color combinations so I will definitely be trying this one!! Thank you ❤️
I hope you make a bunch more looks with your palette! would love to see different ways to use the colors. loved this one!
Jaclyn! I have been watching your videos for years now and I love when you walk us through how you create your eye looks. I have learned so much from you because of it. So glad you're back. Lots of love ❤️
Lol, yes life is easier and you can do so much more with no nails! LOL! And I really appreciate how you used your own palette to create this look. You should for sure do more looks using your palette. <3
omg maybeline always burns my under-eye where i apply it as well. i thought it was only me
Ooh I got excited when you using the Milani foundation! Ugh, that foundation is my fave! This overall look was just gorgeous!
I'm think Casey Holmes said in a video that the L'Oreal Concealer burned her eye and skin too.
Get it girl! I'm loving the looks with your palette!!!
All in Infallible concealer/foundation does that! My faces burns when I use it! I stopped using it, ASAP.
I have had a similar reaction with two different concealers: maybelline fit me, and urban decay naked skin. It wasn't bad at first so I ignored it but then I noticed my underlies were red and textured and burned. So there must be some active ingredient in them that causes the irritation but I have never had it with any other makeup product ever.
Can someone give me the name of the brow pencil again? Just want to make sure I get the right name. Thaanks
Did anyone else notice that she called the shade Jada, Pool party??
You should start saying what brushes you use
the proglow concealer stung my skin too at first. It has a very strong smell. 😦😦
Love the whole look. !!!!!!!
Where is the brow pencil from?
Gorgeous 😍😍😍👍🏻 please do a look 👀 using royalty or sissy
Oh my gosh!  I am LOVING how wearable you made that eyeshadow look!  I'm always so scared to dip into those!!  Also, how did you not know about the L'oreal brow stylist?!?  It's my GO TO!
11:15 that shade is Jada, not Pool Party...
Jaclyn, I wanted to write this comment in hopes that you'll read it, and in providing full disclosure: I have been following you for several years and have been a huge fan. Your tutorials are helpful, you have amazing taste, and are generally really entertaining. After so much focus on negativity, however, I will be unsubscribing. Even mentioning the negative comments gives them more fuel than they could ever deserve. It turns what could be a really positive, engaging, and fun video to watch, into a curiosity to read the comments you're referring to, or want to 'track down' whatever social media negative story you're referring to. I imagine that this is quite the opposite of what you're hoping for, but that's what I think is actually pulling in even more negativity to your channel, and as a consequence of that, you are actually driving out the people who genuinely like you, like me. I would rather be subscribed and watch videos of youtubers who pay no mind to the negativity (it's out there, all the time, on every channel), because I want to watch videos that from start to finish make me feel positive and happy, and not curious to engage in others' negativity. I wish you the very, very best in your endeavours.
it burns my skin too! tarte shape tape is i guess the way to go!
where is your sweater from? so cute!
I love your makeup tutorials and I also love your natural features, I know your getting bigger but please dont become a kylie jenner. Your face is beautiful just as you were created! Absolutely no hate!
I've had L'Oreal concealers burn my under eyes as well! Not even the ProGlow, but another kind as well! So weird. :(
I’m really surprised that there’s still people who don’t see right through you.
So happy you’re back! I love this look and all of the drugstore finds! Can’t wait to try out this eye look 😍
Omg Casey holmes skin was burning with that concealer too!! I'm so glad I didn't purchase it
Those selenite towers you have behind you are gorgeous!!!
The maybelline fit me concealer does that to my under eyes actually! It burns whenever I use it until blend it out normally.
Missed seeing you 😋 you have beautiful eyes ...I have your palette 🎨 but my eyes are just a little older then your 😋 I’m in my 60’s but that’s just my eyes 👀 😂😂😂😂
GIRL. Just got your palette in the mail and mercyyy it is amazing. Already obsessed. Basically rip to every other eyeshadow palette i own
Girl that was Jada not pool party lol 😂 but still this looked slayed
I love the proglow, no reaction here! Keeping making great videos! Got your palette the first launch in June! Set my alarm and everything. It's beautiful! 😍😊👍🏻
Right away you can tell she hates using drugstore 😂😂😂
Talented with makeup brushes, only reason I watch.
That happened to me with the fit me concealer I just fought through the pain for like a week and my skin just got used to it😂
Where is your sweater from btw Jaclyn ?? 😍love it
What are some good affordable dupes for the lion hearted lashes ??
yes girl more videos! and as for the Lo'real...... they are not cruelty \nfree :(
Jaclyn can you do Halloween makeup looks with your palette ?!?!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Must get that brow stylist!!!!!! :O
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=35468
Air brush tutorial for funzies?
Yay thank you!
Great look
Gorgeous!!!
Missed you so much ! 💗
we need footage of sonny singing gangnam style right now
Dier must have made Dele sleep on the couch last night
He only cost 5 mill he's better than ozil
Roasted Eric Dier ahah
COYS BOYS!!!
❤️
Honestly need to keep hold of him✋
Eric dier
Moussa dembele as a joker, who wouldve thought
I just realised Spurs' emblem is literally cock n' balls
Dier gets roasted on all of these! 😂
what is this spurs tv show us better content, show us training vlogs lunch  \nlike if you agree
i didn’t know i needed a video of sonny singing gangnam style until right now. please provide @spurs
#coys
Worst at everything: Eric Dier
#COYS #YIDARMY #TOTTENHAMTILLIDIE
eric dier
ㅋㅋ gangnam style
At this moment Eric says to Dele,Get up to your room right now!#COYS
Make the most of this guys hes gna b off to madrid soon
What isn't dier bad at lol football :)
lol he better hope Eric didnt watch it haha
Overrated...when Tim Sherwood says he'll walk into Barcelona team ...fuckin el son?? You SURE??
Anyone who's anyone knows I could take this guy in the midfield any day of the week
Why isnt sonny being played lately but sissoko is? :'( he was one of our best players last season
Thought Moussa was  the serious one
mug off
Advanced Smile Maker : sonny
#COYS
sony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COYS
hahaha
7th view
First
son❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Eric Dier
Dier. Dier. DIEEEEEEER!
7th comment
Who is jk
SPURS R SHITTTTT\nMAN CITY WON THEM 4-0 LOL \nIM A MAN CITY FAN
Worst
whats his problem with dier lol
Big thanks to our pals JP & Julia for hanging out with us! St. Louis food isn't so bad. 😂
Make giant gummy bear
Nickname: Diabetes Giver
MAKE A GIANT CHEEZ-IT
Yummmy make a giant grilled cheese stuffed wth bacon
GIANT DORITO
My mom work there
Oh wow. My dream came true...
I use bacon on my Krispy kream burgers
OHHH I LIVE IN ST.LOUIS
Dominos garlic bread twists!
Giant donut box
A big frinchtaost pizze
Its nasty because yall didnt season the burger
I'm there
#vat19
Make a giant macaroon
Americans are cringey
Make a giant skittle plzzzzzzzzzz😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
In my hometown 🙌🏽
VAT19.com
Btw you said schnucks wrong
you mispronounced Schnucks.
EVERYBODY!!!! JULIA GULIA GOT HER WEIRD ASS SHARK TOOK FIXED!!!
HellthyJunkFood always makes me hungry!!!!!!!!!!
Porn shoot next! Jp and Julia creampie edition
M'erica
Danny though really enjoying his doughnuts!
Pizza with garlic cream cheese filled onion bagel crust please
please make a Cadbury creme egg
Make a huge pizza cake
My son likes Krispy Kream
Please make kfc mac n cheese
FAT19.COM OH BOI DATS LIT
make bill grays hot sauce
YOUR INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE OF A TACO INSIDE OF ANOTHER TACO THAT'S INSIDE A DONUT THAT'S INSIDE A BURGER THAT'S INSIDE A TACO BELL WITHIN A KFC THAT'S INSIDE YOUR BRAIN!
Stealing recipes from the Butter Queen Paula Deen I see...
Didn't even start the video still a commercial.... He'll No gross! Not watching thumbs down!
Gordon ramsey should learn form here
Its time to stop........ Science has gone too far....
This Is Why you should not watch This channel \nWhy... Beacuz When you hungry its make more hungry THATS WHY WHILE UM WATCHING THIS I HAVE FOOD ON MY SIDE SO I DONT GET HUNGRY
Make a giant apple pie please
Try some czech food please 😁😁
So who's fucking the girl
Can you make a giant mcflurry?
I love you guys. You've always brighten up my days :0 I am in the middle of depression.. my dad is currently going to jail for 16 yeas since something extreme happened lat night. Thank you so much for making me happy. I miss my dad.  You guys are the best.
They didn't make it right they should recreate the one from the show
Make a pizza in a pretzel! I dare you! (And I would love it)😁
Can you make a giant noodle pls jp
Do the egg taco shell from Taco Bell
The guys are cute, I feel sweet, doughnuts and beef, yum!😀💕
Hey guys can you make cotton candy hair
Where's the seosoning?
If jp and Julia break up would they still do videos
I just discovered your channel the other day and now you are my new favourite.
Wait vat19 is in st Lois (I know I didn't spell that right) DAD WE NEED TO GO BACK TO ST LOIS TO ONE RIDE HORSES AGAIN AND TWO TO MEET VAT19! dad:Who's vat19? THE SECOND GREATEST YOUTUBERS ON EARTH APHMAUS first
I'm not sure I appreciate your Asian jokes.
Make a Giant Pizza pop :D
Can u plz make a giant pizza roll. Like fir giant pizza    roll
Hello from St. Louis!
That strange donut was in maple wood I live 10 minutes from there
Hey guys can you plz make a Arian Grande Starbucks drink on your YouTube channel
I live in Saint Louis omg omg I sound like a girl buts so true
where do they live
No is going to cook on your wedding?
Make pizza ice cream Julia you are you going to say it's gross but J.P please read this pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaasssssssseeeeeeeee
That Big Mac Donut burger would probably be really good, but I feel like it's one of those burgers that I would eat, find really delicious, and then feel like I'm going to puke 5 minutes after I eat it.
Do a bobo that is big!!!!!!!
Shout out to everyone that loves hellthy junk food
Noooooooo I'm sooo mad they were in my hometown and I didn't know it.
MAKE A GIANT BACON EGG AND CHEESE BISCUIT
Can i join you guys  i like food too😂
You guys should do a huge hot pocket
TELL US HOW YOU CALCULATE THE CALORIES
I work at the hotel they all stayed at. And I can personally say that I know Julianstayednin randomoniums rim fir the night.
Hey jp and julia i had an idea that you should make canoli
Canadians call that ham. Canadian bacon, isn't ham, or bacon.
I HAVE A THEORY\n4:35 it tastes like a diaper \nDiaper = Baby\nJulia is a Woman \nWoman give birth to Babies\nHence Julia is Pregnant \n\n#NailedIt
You should go to the skillet my mom works there and my grandma owns the place please go there please please please i love you guys
How to get diabetes in 10 minutes
I love u guys and it's sad that I live in st.lousis Missouri n I won't see u guys
Wow i live in st.louis
Please make an extra large hot pocket
How does Julia know what a diaper tastes like?
St.Louis is my hometown , so funny to see you guys visit all my small corner in the wall spots😂😂Imos,Strange Dones, Schnucks 😂😂🤦🏾‍♂️ lol hilarious keep it up
Guys do a Mac n cheese inside a chicken.....
can you guys please make giant rolled ice cream. it would make my life
I live in St. Louis
That was like a torture video with the donut burgers lol
Do a giant chocolate lava cake
Home of the best Chinese food, Imos Pizza, red hot riplets chips, great Italian food etc... btw could you guys try making our famous chicken or shrimp “St. Paul” sandwich you guys won’t regret it...great channel btw @hellthyJunkFood
Here's a challenge make a giant corn dog
DO A DESERT DISH #DO GIANT CHEESE CAKE OR GIANT DOUGHNUT FILLED WITH NUTELLA OR CHOCOLATE OR GIANT COOKIE😀 #CAN NOT live without your videos❤❤😉 in so happy I found you guys😄
i want to see u more then ariana Grande i love u doo mutch I hope u see this comment I love uuuuu so much 😄😄😄😄😍😍😍😍😍
can y'all make a giant corn dog
Can you make the worlds longest fry and are you at vat19 headquarters
That thin crust 🍕 at the beginning looked yummy.
You should make the dragon beard.
You guys came to my city!!!!
Why am I watching this while I’m starving
Nabeela's parents seemed so sweet and understanding. I think that she will be all right because she has such a strong support system, and that's very important.
Nabeelah's parents seem so lovely. I'm so glad they're supportive of her as many parents of all walks of life are accusatory when they find out something like that. I wish all of these ladies the best of luck and the healthiest of lives ahead of them.
Eating disorders are just as much about control as they are about weight. I've met a handful of people with ED's that restrict food but aren't concerned with how much they weigh, it's the act of eating or needing to feel that control in your life.
It's crazy, I swear YouTube can read my mind. This morning I was wondering to myself what would happen if you had an eating disorder and diabetes... then it showed up in my recommended an hour later...
I think a lot of endocrinologists, GPs and diabetic educators need to watch this. I've never felt understood by health professionals.  They just make me feel irresponsible if my sugar levels aren't perfect. I'm also criticized if I gain weight. It's an exhausting way to live. I don't understand why juvenile diabetes doesn't get the same level of attention as other chronic illnesses. We need a cure.
I don't know much about insulin. How come the girls seem to be even more worried about taking their insulin than eating? Can it cause weight gain moreso?
I'm a diabetic and I know a few girls who actually did this to lose weight
I can relate to this so much. I was recently diagnosed as a type 1 diabetic myself and I had become so skinny leading up to my diagnosis. I am so much healthier now and feel great now that I have treatment, but sometimes I think about not taking my insulin for a few days or a week just to shed some extra fat, but I know how damaging it is. I'm so glad they made this cause it's such a rare but serious condition.
Awe..Gemma is absolutely gorgeous. .really hope all these people realize they're worth more and deserve to be healthy and take care of themselves
my country (canada), does not recognize diabetes type 1 as a chronic illness/disability. Apparently it doesn't 'interfere' enough
I suffered from eating disorders for four years until I developed type 1. Just before I was diagnosed, I had this desperate urge to recover, and for a while I felt so good about how I was doing. However, the discomfort and fear spiraled out of control after diagnosis solely because of the way people reacted. I had lost so much weight so quickly before being diagnosed that as soon as I got home, people started warning me that I would gain weight and blow up like a balloon if I wasn't careful. Some were well-meaning, and others were just rude, but I was constantly barricaded with I'll give you a small piece. You're going to make your diabetes get worse or should you be eating that? Is that okay? Can you have that? There's this constant feeling that everyone thinks I have type 1 because I was overweight, lazy, and constantly overeating. Someone even asked me when I was diagnosed if I had a binging problem. \nOnce I was listening to a speaker who was tossing out pieces of candy to whoever answered a question, and in front of everyone she looked at me and said, i know I can't give you any, but good answer. I was humiliated.\nCompared to the shame, vulnerability, and public humiliation of an eating disorder and having type 1 (even though no one gives themselves type 1, and they can eat just like normal people), the pain of being diagnosed with an incurable disorder was quite literally nothing. I'm still scared to take enough insulin because I associate it with weight gain and the negative stereotypes that people ignorantly transfer from type two. It's wrong, but I'm ashamed of the word diabetes. My AIC has been over nine for most of the past five years, and even my doctor told me I was unmotivated to take care of myself. I'm at a loss, honestly, and in the most brutal form of honestly I think I'll die pretty young.
It's incredible what the mind can do. I strongly believe that all of the fisical and psychological illnesses that people has are created by they mind. How much do you have to hate your soul to treat your being like crap. Smoking, developing eating disorders, even growing cancer it's part of how we love or not love ourselves. Life is simpler than this... If people could see and really see clearly the whole picture this things wouldn't happen.
I remember walking out of the doctors office after being diagnosed and immediately googling does insulin cause weight gain.... hits home
Thanks for sharing this video. I've never heard of this I hope everyone gets the help they need. Probably a stupid question but why does insulin make you gain weight, I know someone with type one diabetes and she is not like over weight and she isn't under weight I just confused
Intersting! I have diabitis type 2 and overdose with metformin when scared of gaining weight
These poor girls. I pray they are able to get better.
I'm glad that I was able to learn about this. I had wondered about those with diabetes and eating disorders simultaneously.
the ED inpatient clinic I went to in my hometown specialized in diabulimia, and we had people from all around the country coming to get care because it was one of like five in the entire US. It's crazy that there's such a lack of treatment options
Oh this is heartbreaking. Best wishes to all the girls and their families.
My eating disorder started after my divorce.....actually since I was in asbusive relationship and its been seven years i still have  the condition
Thank you so much for shedding light on such a dark topic! I have bulimia and my friend has diabulimia and even though there are overlaps, it is so different and there is much to learn. So many people hardly understand how diabetes works, much less diabulimia. I understand now how excruciating and devastating this mental disorder. And another thank you for interviewing a POC, who tend to get overlooked in eating disorder documentaries and films. Well done, BBC. Thank you for this raw insight.
to any girl with an eating disorder...your life is worth more than that...life is there to enjoy, not struggle over vain issues...your body isn't everything...be HAPPY
This is scary as all heck
I have diabetes and iam a girl im 17 but omg I can relate with this ohh god I though I was alone
I'm so happy this is being brought attention to. I have diabulimia.  I'm recovering slowly. I was down to 99lbs at 5'6. I've put all my weight back on, but a third of the weight is Edema, or swelling / water retention because I'm in kidney failure.  I'm stage 3 did because if skipping out on my insulin for ten years. My vision has been effected emensly . I have diabetic neuropothy.  I've miscarried all my pregnancies, because of high glucose levels. This condition has ruined my life. This disease has destroyed me.
I come from a medical family so I know a lot about medicine, the latest treatments, etc. but I have to say, I never heard of this kind of eating disorder. It's definitely important for the world to gain more awareness of this type of conditions, because I'm sure many medical professionals wouldn't be able to diagnose it at first, simply because they wouldn't know what to look for.
Thank you SO much for making this documentary, its a very important thing to bring awareness to, and the producers and the brave women who shared their story in this could easily be saving future sufferers lives!!
I've always seen diabetes as a whole life kind of disease that also needs a whole life kind of treatment. Like many chronic illnesses. If you have alcoholism and diabetes you have to understand that the problem is not diabetes just because the person isn't taking his/hers insulin. It not the alcohol. ITS THE REASON THAT MAKES YOU DRINK THAT IS THE PROBLEM. Alcohol is just an affect of something not working in that persons life. Remove/fix/manage that reson for alcohol and the reason to take insulin will increase. And that is applicable onto all chronicle diseases. There's no ONE FIX for it. Fixing one thing wont change everything. But treating it as a whole will. Its a matter of life and life quality. Increase that and the medication will follow suit. I'm sad to see that the health care system in the UK is so divorced when it comes to treating chronicle illness. It cant be just a problem for diabulimia. Its probably a symptom noticeable all over the health care system of the UK.
It's so fucked up what are we willing to do under the pressure to fit into society norms. I know EDs have deeper meaning but it eventually all goes down to the thought that being skinny is something positive, a way to reach perfection and order in our lives. I can never understand the state of mind I was in for those 2 years and now, 6 years later, I find it impossible to have that kind of determination to put my own health and life at risk like that. It feels like I was a different person.
why do narrators in documentary always have British accents 😂?
think I have type 2 not sure but been having all the symptom's, and I eat stupid amounts of sugar filled drinks&foods been nearly blacking out recently & my eye sight is getting worse ect need to get my skinny are to the doctors
being a teenage girl with diabetes these statistics really worry me... I imagine getting diagnosed later in life would mean the risk of diabulimia is higher, being diagnosed when I was super young is really helpful to me because I don't know any different, I can't imagine the idea of not having diabetes then having your freedom taken away from you, that will effect anyone.
It makes me feel lucky to not have diabetes alongside my anorexia. I understand that the illness itself is different, but I feel grateful to be more understood than those with diabulimia
Aw the Dad really wants to help but doesn't know what to do :( x
Nabeelah's mum. Her eyes. The pain in her eyes. 💔😢
5:48 is NOT an EpiPen! EpiPen is the market name—NOT a generic injector name—for an EPINEPHRINE auto-injector. She is taking INSULIN, likely either Lantus or Humalog. This girl needs to be told what medication she's taking and via what means using what tools. If she were in a diabetic near-coma and she or somebody else said I need an EpiPen it could kill her! For fuck sake!
I'm not a diabetic, nor have an eating disorder, but found this video very interesting. I do hope that further research is done for this disease, and that it gets added to the medical field as a recognized disorder.
I didn’t even know this existed
The pain & fear in her mom's eyes hurt my heart.
It hurt my heart when I saw Nabeela's mother be so reassuring and then quietly look off into the distance with all her worry written on her face.
That girl with white hair looked like Riley Blue in Sense8.
The sadness in the mother's eyes is heartbreaking
It's crazy that 60% of women with type 1 diabetes struggle with this and I'm just now hearing and learning about it, I hope awareness  for this grows.
Most Dangerous Eating Disorder: Living in Africa.
Im glad this was recommended to on YouTube.
This is very sad, bless everyone who has it ❤️
Wow I didn't know this existed, it's great that awareness is being raised!
I didnt even know this existed... Holy shit. Thank you for this video, really helps us become more educated about eating disorders.
This is crazy. I have grown up around Type 1 diabetes as both my mum and one of my friends in school have it. I also had a friend during uni who had it, she used to occasionally cut down on insulin to eat more but I never saw this as an actual disorder. So interesting, great thing to be raising awareness for.
I knew about this... Glad to see it's being brought to attention. Painfully dangerous.
As a type 1 diabetic on an insulin pump, I would never wish this disease on anyone and the struggle we go through daily for the rest of our lives in purely exhausting trying to do what our body should be doing for itself. I've known about Diabulimia for such a long time, I've known friends of mine who have done this. I'm glad to see we're finally starting to have discussions about it and truly hope that this continues and an official diagnosis can be made so that we can start helping those who struggle with this. To my fellow diabetic warriors - keep up the good fight and hopefully some day we will have a cure for this disease! ❤️
We definitely need more mental health visibility and funding in this country, especially for eating disorders. The fact that there were no beds available in eating disorder units in the ENTIRE of England is appalling.
So relieved this turned our so well (I work for the charity DWED and do the social media/website content.) Huge well done to alll the brave individuals that took part <3.
WE are all the same. \nOur religions might be different.\nOur skin colours might be different.\nOur cultures might be different.\nBut at the end of the day we are all the same.\nWe suffer from the same problems.\nSo why are we always seeing a difference between us?
who did the music it's fantastic
from all the things I've been taught about diabetes in medical school so far. This i never heard about. The stats are shocking... Thank you for the documentary! very informative
THANK GOD! Finnaly something about Diabulimia! Been living with it for 8 years now and damaged my body really bad because of it. No doctor knew wat Diabulimia was! It was really hard to get understanding for such a eating disorder! I am so so glad to see it's getting awareness know! Wished i had that years ago... but i'm happy more people can get help now!
I'm so proud of these girls, actively seeking out treatment and being able to recognise that they need help.\nGemma especially, she wants to get better for the sake of her daughter, and I'm extremely proud of her for that.
Wow great documentary. I had no idea that this was a thing, and I consider myself pretty informed on the topic of eating disorders. I can't even begin to imagine how hard that would be.
Never heard of this. Thank you for making this documentary! I wish all the best for the patients in the documentary and everyone else!
So sad.. \n\nI lost my dad 6 years ago, he was only 49 and had diabetes 1, he lost both legs, needed a new kidney and was almost blind.. I really hope these people get the help they need ❤️
As a diabetic myself I am glad this is finally put there. Anyone who has T1 knows the hell of how you feel when your blood sugar is high..... so for these women to keep it there for longer periods of time voluntarily just shows how desperate they are. Very sad :(
At BBC everything is the mist dangerous type
Clearly the staff member is doing her observations properly on her phone all the time! Eugh
Glad that we're bringing awareness, however I just want to say that no disorder is more dangerous or worse than another.
This is so sad but thank you for making this documentary and spreading awareness.I didn't know this type of eating disorder existed and anyone suffering needs proper treatment.
these comments are so supportive its so great!... but goes to show how everyone is willing to take things more seriously when they have physical implications
I feel like it's inaccurate to say it only affects type 1 diabetics. In reality, this condition can affect any insulin dependent diabetic.
all eating disorders are extremely dangerous whether is binge eating at one end and anorexia and bulimia or dia bulimia etc, at the other end of the eating spectrum...but diabulimia is slightly more dangerous because is a mix of diabetes added on to bulimia. if you have an eating disorder, which ever one it is your problems matter, so seek help please.
I have known this for years and years. Frightening to here that it s not even in the books and that it s so few clinics that can enough about it. Maby they know, but aren't allowed to take them in becaus they need extra expertise?  Maby they are scared of the extra risk of them dying...I don't know, but it is a bit shocking to here that in this day and age, so  few places can take that group. Hope it gets better. Scary the extra complications this group of people gets from not taking enough insulin. It's also part of the problem with other types of eating disorders that are being hard to treat. Such as drug addicts that also have eating disorders and are scared of getting clean or can't stay clean becaus of the drastic waight gain and sudden food cravings that usually happens when they stop using. Have been to rehabs whole my life until I got my child and had to put her first and quit. \nHalf, if not more if the girls there and some of the boys, had an underlying eating disorder that made recovery impossible over time. Suddenly all the emotions and bad self esteem popps up and on top of that they /we had yo deal with the, for many if us, bad waight gain that made some of us hate our body's even more, and control and dealing with emotions, is nit somthing addicts are espeshally good at. On top of that the guilt, loss of family /friends, and having to start all at scratch. So to me, I think it's sad that the rehab places don't talk about that, or can help with that, becaus the results would have been so much better, if they understood that that is often the underlying big problem. On top of everything else!  \nAlso people with both drug or psykiatric illnesses, are to hard patients to treat. They are to much for the psykiatric fasileties and to much for the drug rehabs!  Maby not in every contry, but in my little contry, that is a problem. Dual treatment clinics or smaller that speshalises in dobbel illnesses /addictions, are every much needed  in the future and in more places. \nHope the girls in this video are doing better!  Try to get help now becaus it s sooo hard to been something  /enough, when your helth is bad. Recovery is much esyer ears later, if you can work and have enough securety and money to have a netter life. When the organs shutt down, even if they get better, everything gets harder later too, if can fake years after recovery, and you have to pay, and your children becaus all the things we take got granted, are limitated. You can have any good life anyway, but as erlier you can get out, the esyer it is for the body to work later... The dammage on the apperanse is smaller. It s later, the helth can get worse... Thats not things you think about when your in it. Often people give up and expect to die erlier. But dying isn't the hard part, it s living with a body that are tired all the time and not being strong enough yo be who you need to be for your loved ones. When the esy things are hard, when your teeth fall out Android the little money you have, for years and years goes to pay for dentists and your metabolism is slow and you have to take medisins with tough side effects. You can't burden your family for ever and I promise that your biggest wish will be, why couldn't I try harder erlier! It's harder than normal people can understand, but  please, try harder! The years goes by so fast! If you dare to change now, or try even, chanses are your life and everyone that cares about you, are being so much better, also in your future. Looking sick, isn't as bad while young, but it's harder later, and I talk about that becaus self esteem and  selfish immage, goes hand in hand, forget mohst of us, even if it shouldn't. And the body ages so much faster when not helthy. Young people often don't care, but trust me you care when you're a mom or nor, but try to fit in society later!  The hard part is that even if you are lucky to have  people /family in your life that wants to spend time with you, it s often you that push them away becaus you can get to tired and never know how your body feels, so planning gets harder.  I hope by telling this, I can get one person to think that it is soooo worth doing your best this time to try to be nice to your body, becaus later, the  dammage to  your body, can steal the person you can be and make your life harder than you desurv... \nI also hope people can understand that recovery is a process. It s not a quick fix and go to rehab onse and recover of you are a bad person. Many needs to crash and try again, becaus its so layered and hard to dare to change and keep changing.But it is doeble for mohst! Hope I havent scared someone. May deleete thus later, becaus I might scare someone instead of helping. Not many will read it anyways, but I hope it can get one to maby think it's worth the fight. Not everyone gets problems later , but too many do! 🌪🌩🌥⛅🌞🌫🌞
I hate this disease. I don't even want kids for fear that I will make another human being suffer with this...
Why did I think Rhodes Farm was gonna be in this
Hate to be a killjoy to this wonderful program but having been type 1 for 22 years and having met many others I feel they have done a disservice to young males who also suffer from similar problems, kind of feels like young men are being left to fend for themselves, again.
Thank you for making this.
That's so sad. Bad enough to have that horrible eating disorder with diabetes as well!
Chromium piclonate helps remove sugar from the blood, missing from modern day foods.
I'm a type 1 diabetic and I've been running high for four years.. clearly not high enough :/
This is heartbreaking to watch, I've never heard about this conditions and I myself am a type 1 diabetic, I was going through a burn out two years ago, but the second I started to take care of myself I put on more weight and that really irritated me and still does so I catch myself skipping injections from time to time, and watching what these girls go though is crazy, and I feel so guilty, I hate this condition so much and I do feel alone sometimes because I've never met another diabetic before, it's frustrating, but watching this makes me want to take care of myself, I just need to remind myself that I'm not alone
I am 50 years old and struggle with these thoughts every day. I switched to an insulin pump so I could reduce the anxiety I get from testing and injecting so much. I took me awhile to get cooperation, and I experienced Diabetic Keto acidosis which nearly cost me my life. That's when I thru a fit, because I had been incorrectly diagnosed as a T2, so no matter how I tried to loose weight I was fighting a difficult battle. I'm fat now, I have my insulin, but I'm not able to focus on it. So frustrating.
When I had my eating disorder I used to think I waned Diabulimia but now pretty much recovered, I can see that that was an ill thought and I am blessed that I have make it through.
insulin will only make you fat if you eat alot of bad carbs insulin feeds fat cells
I've never heard of this until I watched this video. This video is very moving and informative. Thank you for teaching me something new today! I hope all of these beautiful people can get through this. Keep fighting the good fight <3
I've been living with T1D for almost 11 years now and, while I don't have diabulima, I have not once heard about it. I spend a lot of time studying this illness and a lot of time in hospitals, and nope. Nothing. That goes to show the lack of awareness about mental illness, or in this case, mental illnesses that affect only chronically ill people- even in spaces that are supposed to be devoted to our wellbeing, like clinics. I have other disorders as well that can cause psychological symptoms, and they never get talked about in the medical community. There must be more attention brought to illnesses like these. Our lives depend on it.
Great awareness raising
wow poor Eden :(
my name's gemma
It'll be cool if they got all the girls together from the doc for a chat , bc they're all on different levels .
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Better than jamaica
she still looks leaps and bounds better than Eugenia Cooney, wow
I have this.
Damn how sad
The dad is precious 😭 her parents are doing their best to understand and help !
Any males who struggle with this.... I have issues can this effect men?
This breaks my heart knowing that people fake this for attention not fully understanding the seriousness of the situation.
This video pissed me off.\nBecause all eatung disorders are the same badness dumb fucks
The first girl... is the same age as me... but she looks so much older than me! I guess sickness does age a person drastically.
This is scary and disgusting I hope these people get well soon. This whole thing seems painful my heart rally goes out to these people. :(
Make them wear a pump so it  injects insulin  by itself.
When you hold back insulin you can cause a chronic illness called gastroparesis which is a illness in which your stomach is stomach paralyzed it is a awful illness and can result in death your stomach don't function right so your unable to eat at all so your in and put of the hospital from dehydration malnutrition really bad stomach pain low blood pressure high blood pressure low patasium and some cases they loose their ability to walk take that insulin if you don't loose your life from it you could get other chronic illness in which there is no cure but god
I like Aguero !!!
GG 2ez
Cmon city Chelsea next!!
Ederson is a family man.
You wanna hear a joke  \n\n\n\n\nArsenal winning the epl
Love Mendy for trying hard to learn English. Top lad. Hope his injury isn't serious and he's ready for the Chelsea game
I love how the fans in other side of that mirror are like.. knock-knock.. notice me senpai😍
That cappppp ............................ #Mendy
#GOODGOOD
Plz maul chelsea
We will win the league unbeaten.
I have to say, you Citizens are playing fantastic football so far. Looking forward to our clash at the Bridge. Cheers! #checity
Top of the league on goal difference 👍👍👍
Those stairs get the sh** out of me. I hate them lol
Sane is always on his phone
I'm a Liverpool fan but I think city are the best team in the world behind Real Madrid
City the best.
6:32 i really hate that lady 😷
City will win the premier league.\nGet to the UCL finals.\nScore the most European goals.\nCome back after the season to see I'm right😉
as a city fan \n. imo  I think our cbs  are OK but they look a bit shacky at times without Kompany \nI think in the transfer window buy a world class cb to parter Kompany. had a decent back up. if Kompany gets injured  or someone in the defence \n also get sanchez if we can get him on a free transfer .\nI think a great format would be 5 city 3.4.3\nthat's my opinion  \npls don't hate
6:32 what's that lady doing?\nBeing racist.\nFire her right now.\nDisrespecting Benjamin Mendy.
City have to get a result against Chelsea next week
We were far from our best yesterday but still romped home to a 5-0 victory. Good fuckin signs
Well we almost scored, does that count ?
Grande vitória City... Danilo entrou muito bem no jogo e na minha opinião é um dos melhores laterais do mundo... CityBrasil !!!!
Come on city ! congrats from a greek fan!
l
Wait, is that Connor McGregor (Otamendi)? 😂😂😂
cmon city 🔵🔵🔵
Is it possible to have a cam on the other side of the glass in the tunnel?
I liked the old tunnel better.. this has too many stairs and it's a bit narrow
City 5-0 Liverpool \nCity 6-0 Watford \nCity 5-0 Crystal Palace\n16 goals in 3 games the EPL is ours this year
EDERSON
Utd are gonna win prem
Mendys Hat🙂😀👌
https://moenawaraz.wordpress.com/2017/09/25/english-premier-league-matchday-6-result-table-and-top-scorers-2017/
3:32 even Wenger has joined city
MAN UNITED  boo city
4:36 I saw that Sane
AGUERO MESSI CRISTIANO NEYMAR SUAREZ BALE IS BEST BLAYER
Leroy stop instagram!!! xD
IF you Want more wiews so stop uplode Evert minutep
3
I love tunnel cam
City win da league
Don't jinx us people
Goals goals and more goals
8:13 that cringe
#OneMilionInChannelOrManCity
First
こんにちは
Nice
City r probs top 3 teams right now maybe even first.
Aww, Roy seems like a nice old man. I feel bad for him :(
Kyle walker and Townsend talking about each other going bald 5:50
These videos where we welcome the opposing teams and managers is starting to get creepy. It's starting to look like a horror film. Welcome to the Etihad Mr Hodgson you've always been the caretaker here 60 minutes later 5 goal axe to the chest
Love to see the footballers and managers interact with the children like that.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
What is the name of the song at 3:20~3:40??
Crystal palace walking out the tunnel not knowing a 5-0 scoreline is waiting for them on the pitch.
I don't know when or how BUT something tells me you'll crush a bit: I mean have some few indecent results.
Wish United did something like this... The behind the scenes of any major club is fascinating
Sick to see how the Gulf Arabs have bought English football ....
#KDB that pass to Aguero for Sterling goal Dayummmm If Man City keep Sharp and begin to Clinically Finish including half chances they'll continue this #ScoringFeast on Chelsea and everyone else #Sterling how many bloody easy chances do you need before you score?
Look at the man on the left... Look at the top of his head😀 3:11
why aguero always looks like he is forever alone??
Im worried for chelsea man. 5-0 in 2 games. City has some quality signings in arras where wthey were weak last seasons
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
5:50 Sterling & Walker are talking to Townsend about his hair transplant then Walker shows Townsend that he's going bald loool
City were far from best despite 5-0
2nd
Oh yea Ederson #whataguy\n\nAnd wtf was that lady doing at 6:32
The trophy is ours.
The only reason i come to this channel
Everytime CityTV posts a new video, it feels like a Christmas to me. Thanks a lot!
At 6:32 why did that woman push that kid away from Mendy?
I was there when we had the no doubt win
Pep Is Our Saviour!
City the good
Palace are going down!
Friends Suscribe to my channel of football 👍
First
What a great performance this was!!! We must come out with intensity against Chelsea from the kick off!!! C'mon City, C'mon City!!! 🔵🔵🔵🔵
#Aguerothebest
City needs to relax
Wots all this Manchester City rubbish?    It's a team full of foreign geezers, managed by another foreigner...in a league owned by an Australian....so what's wiv the Manchester city rap?  It's owned by Arab geezers...an Manchester don't come into it at all...anywhere. A much better name fer these geezers would be MECCA CITY.
Vai, Paulinho!
😂😂😂😂 *2 Own Goals Free Gifted Goals to Barcelona Lol* 😂😂😂😂 *_#EpicMatch_*
Que bien es estuvo Alex Vidal 💪💪💪
Victoria a medio gas y líderes! Força Barça!
Visca \n Barça
A pesar del gol en propia puerta, partidazo de Gorka Iraizoz
QUE GRANDE ES MI BARÇA! #LIDERES
Cadê os BR DOMINANDO SAPORRA
VISCA BARCA 💙❤💙
Y se burlaban de la goleada del barça en el estadi del sporting y ahora que decís ??? Verdad que es complicado ??
Fiesta del independentismo, que bien se lo pasarían toda esta gentuza, fue el Puigdemont, la forcadell y todos estos.
Vale que se dejen ganar por el Barça, pero que se metan los goles ya es demasiado descarado.
Barcelona has no pressure to be a champion. The lack of pressure makes them play like champions. That is all.
The real highlight here is Ter Stegen
Bruhh allow the foreign comments below. DAT SECOND GOAL THOUGH!
Будущий чемпион Жирона
Uefalona can't wait till you collapse when Messi retires.
slimshady rakitic
A la liga catalana,cerdos!!.
El FC Barcelona volverá a GANARLO TODO... #tercertriplete en camino!!!
👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽🔥🔥🔥🔥 https://www.ebay.com/i/122722058918
El pistoleros!
Barca
Visca Barça 😉❤
Que bien Barcelona. Visca Barca.
y ese guero  caga leche que sebe muy retrasado mental para hablar del fútbol y del barca be alo  Tullo joto a tomarte fotos parando la trompa y vestido de marica puta ardilla de mierda
https://chat.whatsapp.com/LESwPWcTf8NB33zlWJltHc
the great Barcelona
Barcelona najbolji klub
bajos barsa
Indians
Messi jogou nada.
GREAT~!
ちんKは痛い
1:06 autogol de Gorka I.
Aquiiii é BR mano 😎🙅
por siempre barça 😍😍😍
*Estereogramas de riqueza.*\n*Matriz de la riqueza.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Compre un estereograma.*\n*Obtener 3 estereogramas como un regalo.*\n*Estereogramas a pedido.*\n*Estereogramas personalizados.*
VISCA EL BARCA y VISCA EL CATALUNYA!
Visca Barça🇪🇸💯
like
FCB 17/18 ▶️ 1.° en LaLiga (18 Pts.)\n........................................................\n▶ [MS] Total de goles: *14*\n👤Messi: *12* | Supercopa (1), Liga (9), Champions (2)\n👤Suárez: *2* | Liga (2)\n.........................................................\n#BarçaDelAlma❤
Muy bueno Ter Stegen
VISCA BARCA❤💙
barça eres grande
Gilipollas!!!!
MESSI MELHOR DO MUNDO!!!
Cataluña es España hay que dejar las estaladas en casa el día de partido o podéis ir s jugar en la liga catalana
Why this match felt so boring
Movitar .4G tiene Precio.Y Es para TODOS .Para Ricos Y Pobres .Por Ley . igualdad General
Goles que no haces goles que te hacen girona
يا أحلى فريق بلعالم يا برشلونة
0:39 autogol
Plazacamacho .Cual es la Mejor Antena en HD .TDA .con menos Asesorios
free catalunya
A7\n\nCHAMPIONS :p
Mi barcita te amooo😍 equipon
Barça rumo ao título temor da 17/18😉
Que nervioso se puso Suárez al definir...  es un crack!!!
hala barca
El girona es una m*erda de club , con una afición de m*erda,  con una historia  ...pues mas de m*erda todavia ...  que solo el city hará mantenerse en primera bastante$ años . Ojalá  pronto retornen a primera división  equipos históricos como el racing , el recre , el Zaragoza , y  hasta el Valladolid y el Oviedo . Sin contar que les tenga una odio inmenso hacia los dos últimos ...No hace falta mencionar al REAL SPORTING DE GIJÓN , que con 42 campañas en la élite ,15a posición en el ranking histórico y 24.400 abonados en segunda división , sobran las palabras . Yo no puedo hacer que mi equipo este en Europa o gane títulos ...( ni siquiera puedo hacer que se vayan los cerdos que nos han llevado hasta aqui , los Fernández ) eso lo hacen los directivos , el cuerpo técnico y las plantillas ... bueno y el dinero... pero lo que si puede hacer un aficionado como yo , es decir con la cabeza bien alta que estoy orgulloso de formar parte de la mejor , mas fiel y mas INCONDICIONAL aficion de España , la del REAL SPORTING DE GIJÓN . podrian ser honraos y cambiarse el nombre a city b o girona city cagon la virgen ,  aparte de dejar de intentar ensuciar la imagen de mi club , junto otros  clubes m*erda  , insinuando que amañamos partidos cuando estuvimos sin fichar y a punto de desaparecer por inmensas deudas , lógicamente al no saber aceptar que has subido o has descendido de manera consecuente a tus actos , e insinuando también , como no , que el CD LUGO debería haberse dejado ganar para subir vosotros . Nada joder,  que P*TA GIRONA !!!
EL REINO DE LOS CIELOS SE HA ACERCADO, NUESTRO REY Y SEÑOR JESUS CRISTO REGRESA, ARREPIENTANSE DEL..,, PECADO Y CAMBIEN DE DIRECCIÓN SUS VIDAS\nTHE KINGDOM OF HEAVENS IS CLOSER, OUR KING AND LORD JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY OF LIVING,,,..
Lamentable Iraizoz
QUE GRANDE ES MI BARÇA! #LIDERES 🔵🔴
1:09 inteligente Suarez, hace el engaño de querer rematar
Vamos que igual sois unos dioses por ganar a un recién ascendido marcandose dos goles en propia y perdiendo ellos solos el partido
LA MEN TA BLE
L. Suarez es buenisimo! un fuera de serie.
Como veían que el Barsa no marcaba tuvieron que meterse en propia.
Great, now I'm hungry AND horny
Tracy King Crab shack in Juneau Alaska is way better lol
Holy mother fuck I want all of that crab all up in and around me right now.
i have to go this weekend idc
the perfect woman does exist.... X2
As a born and raised marylander living in NYC,  I would love to put this to the test
i desperately need to go here when i'm back in nyc, oh my god it looks so good!!! these ladies are killing it!!!!!
I usually just crack the claw with my molar teeth, it is risky though since it can stab you, so don't just chomp on it and take time breaking the shell.
So hungry. Must have. Threw in mac and cheese at the end. I died.
step 1. you don't eat crab
Which one is better?\n\nLobsters or crabs?
First we feast production quality is fucking incredible.
Are you feeling it now Mr Krabs?
Jamis Winston approved
Her oily hands make me uncomfortable
Crabs cooked in beer? I'm drooling! 😚
Nice ladies.
🤤🤤🤤🤤
New fetish
Featuring Jameis Winston
She really enjoys her crab meat, haha. I can't say I blame her!
When admiration turns into jealously, when jealously turns into anger, when anger turns into hangry, hit the like button.
I knew I would be hungry AGAIN if I watch this video, and here I am hungry at my room in the middle of the night -_-
where the rest of the brab ?
I'm 25 years old and never had crab what am I doing with my life?
A sprinkle of old bay? No, a true east sider knows that you heavy hand that shit on there, theres no other way to eat crabs.
This food looks delicious, and they seem really nice and down to earth!
King crab is literally the most miserable food in the world to eat. It's like, okay, I worked 40 hours this week to buy this shit. Now that it's served, let me work another 15 minutes per piece to even eat a little.
I found this extraordinarily easy to masturbate to.
Ain't nobody got time to peel away outer shell from crabs. Eat it whole.
And heres this giant enemy crab
This is how amateurs eat crab.
Eat like a savage *period*
Hell yeah, this as a nice change from the pizza videos. Not that I don't like everything this channel produces, a change is just nice. And I like these women far more than the hipster al pastor fella.
Juicy crawfish in vegas is the best seafood sauce is spicy as hell too
I don't know why, but it's been incredibly hard to find crab in Sydney for about the last year...
I just noticed how hungry I am
For some reason I was falling in love with this woman during her tutorial... And also I want crab hella badly now.
This made me orgasm out of my penis
This was so inspirational, I love it!
So... I'll see you ladies this week. You're down the block and good gracious.
Maryland blue crabs are the only way to go
From now on we only eat protected foods, like oranges and coconuts and SNOW CRABS.
Anyone else get the 1 minute ad 🙃
I really enjoyed how articulate and descriptive she was!  And she does NOT look 40.  They say black don't crack, but I say, black cracks crabs!!!!  Yum!
Amazing restaurant I would love to go to since I was grew up with crabs...... that didn't come out right
I think I fell in love
I learned that method on my own. I'm not trying sound cocky... It's the best method. Every crab lover should know it, I encourage everyone to learn it because it's as easy to learn as riding a bike. Sean Evans, you do need to bring Gordon Ramsay on to Hot Ones and also see if he knows how to open up crabs legs properly with this method haha.
Please give me you're crabs. I need them in me.
Next time go to the Krusty Krab
I tried lobster once, absolutely despised it, and never tried shellfish again. this video makes me want to try crab though lol.\n\nstill, seems like a lot of work to eat it. I wonder how it ever became popular, I would have thought the first guy to try crab would be like this is covered in shell and filled with cartilage, I'm writing it off as inedible
Come to Louisiana to get crabs that'll flip your lids! No butter, just cayenne, salt and other goodies for a taste explosion!
This makes me want to vomit. Sea bugs.
That looks bomb as fuck, but those crabs are tiny.lol The East Coast crab scene is weird. U cook them better than most places on the West Coast, but with crappier ingredients. Our crabs get fuckin huge. We got those Fukushima crabs.haha
Love a girl that sucks meat juice
crab eating is a profession
I ate crabs legs on Christmas eve last year, after 2 minutes trying to use the tools provided, I just started breaking them open, that worked.  I love crab, so, so very much.  Thank you for this.  Btw beer and butter? gimme!
This is like watching porn...
And i'm eating oatmeal
They need to farm crustaceans and selectively breed them for larger muscles. Giant crab and lobster meat.
This young lady took eating crab on camera from messy and possibly embarrassing and killed it. Informative and handled herself well while having fun and making a dirty yet tasty job seem almost elegant. She deserves her own show.
They have crabs...\n\nsorry, I'll leave now...
This is making me hungry!
I really thought she was going to talk about the grapefruit technique
Where's Sean Evan's take?
Never ate crab before. Looks like i'm missing out.
Maryland blue crabs are better. They're the best. And crabs aren't crabs if u don't steam'em with OLD BAY.
Good for them on chasing a dream, that food looks great, by the way.
Way to rehash an older video!
Too much fucking work for me , I prefer McDonalds.
i’d let those fine ladies give me crabs anytime
...and they give the best head.
Make your own version of crabby patty..make it into a burger...lol
Go down on a crack whore. Eat crabs like a pro
Damn, if I ever come to America I _need_ to try the crabs there. Y'all have amazing crab dishes. I'm borderline aroused just from watching this video.
This random channel was in my inbox
Man I wish there was a good seafood place near where I live/
As soon as I saw niggers, I stopped the video.. Shouldn't they be doing fried chicken or watermelon?
Not bonkers for crab [nor the task opening that shit with all that liquid butter....no thx!] however, ...I am impressed by these two woman for following their dreams! \n\nWelcome to Pat & Patty's Crabby Shack! Crackin' & Suckin'
Didn’t zagat do this a year ago?... with the same people too.
God that looks too good! I need this near me
I used to crack and empty thousands of crabs in the restaurant I worked at, man was it boring.\nIn fact I got triggered watching this video.
Is this a lesbian couple running the crabby shack lmao
Ahhhh love it!!!
daaamn
Fuck I'm hungry! That looked delicious!!!
Awesome!!
That looks so bombs
Fantastic
Lobster puts crab to shame
Awesome
i came so hard omg
They're 40?! God they're gorgeous!
yes
My favorite
American food is shit
such nice ladies and delicious looking crabs
No disrespect to old bay but boiling crabs in chackbay and zatarains crab boil is the best. Throw in a half or whole bottle of crystal and boy do you have some tasty crabs.
You should get Blink-182 on Hot Ones. Even though it'll be Matt instead of Tom, but it'd still be cool to see Mark.
Do a episode with JoeysWorldTour!!!
#YIAYbasic i got blocked by Steve shives
Dank meams
Take a shit
So many meams
My Twitter acc got suspended...
#YIAYbasic I raped the school hamster
3:04 mas-
Mema
i started quietly laughing at the person who said meam and then it turned into a squeal and it was so loud its 2:40am rip me
If you fucking remove one of the arms it's not dabbing anymore sure but you're basically hailing Hitler sideways.
Please bring back fix your pics.  You could do fix my Tinder pics!
I did shrek the musical last year donkey and shrek aere both girls
said neat-o cheetos to my friend's outfit, and then dabbing and saying Yikes! #YIAYbasic
I watch youtube videos every day
Make a fix the Netflix description! To start with, do Shrek 😏
You are now a walking meam (cheers to you buddy!)
#YIAYbasic I love jacksfilms when he films ;)
My propaganda “poster” was roasting the heck out of Napoleon. The reason I chose this is because roasting people, in the current scheme of things, is something that is very commonplace and considered humorous by most. I figured this was a good way to connect to my audience, as Napoleon was a pretty easy guy to flame. Bad hairline, ditched his army like a weak niBBa, made himself an emperor, and too many baguettes, if you know what I mean. The list could go on forever, but I simply wanted to make a video comparing him to images that would make the class laugh. If you want to get technical however, then this video could easily be described as a modern take on what would likely be an anti-Napoleon poster, adapted for a 21st-century audience and created with modern flavor. Please don’t fail me, this actually took longer than you would think. I didn’t eat dinner either. \n But we all know Napoleon, Obama, and Tupac are time and space travelers that dump asexual boy testosterone chemicals in the water. How else do you think we killed off the dinosaurs? They have been doing it for years, but humans have become more used to it at this point. Kids have been eating these chemicals in their afternoon snacks, one of the largest culprits being Tyson Chicken. Although the way i'm describing it seems harmless but it's not. Our generation had been getting mentally weak, “too liberal” if you will. #stopTysonChicken @sentedcruz
The most basic thing I've EVER done:  stolen an H+ ion from BLEACH
I died at 2:47 f*** you 😂😂
When I first saw the merch when I first saw this channel, I thought it was a talco
THE CIRCLE OF FIFTHS IS DEATH
Deleting my comment after watching the next episode...
i want to be a walking meam too
#YIEYbasik made a spelling mistake
breathe #YIAYbasic
This years musical for my school is Shrek too
Holy shit. Props not making fun of the NB. Good on ya, Jack. Good on ya
Wreck that ship... lmao😂
#yiaybasic breath
#YIAYbasic\n\n*cry*
#YAIYbasic My hair this morning
trying to kill myself #Yiaybasic
#yiay i've skiped a ad
#YIAYbasic i made instant noodles
Dong Saya Dae...oops wrong vid
Born
I watched straight porn.\nOnce.\n#YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic I accidentally fell asleep while watching the YIAY playlist...
#YIAYbasic I wented to the shops tommorow
#YIATbasic most basic thing? Probably breathing...
Bought a pumpkin spice latte on Christmas #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic I started watching jacksfilms because Jenna mentioned it
#YiayBasic i took a shit
#yiaybasic say the word BASIC
Shoved shoelaces up my ass. #yiaybasic
i got adopted
Aethiest phase #YIAYbasic
0:56 Change your profile picture.
#YIAYbasic getting diabetes. I’m not kidding
#YIAYbasic look at your forehead.
#yiaybasic\nI consumed calcium carbonate
Steal a meme #YIAYbasic
Moved a muscle #YIAYbasic
i like meams
Clean up mess~
Flipping a light switch #yiaybasic
#YIAYbasic Breathing
#yiaybasic I watched a PewDiePie video
#YIAYbasic watched HowToBasic.
#YIAYbasic watched censored hentai
#YIAYbasic breathe
#yaiybasic  fix your forehead that's my basic
#YAIYbasic went to mcdonalds but only got a small fries...
#YIAYbasic watch the emoji movie  (I rarely ever do basic things thou)
Having a ph o 7... Do you get it? Cause I'm basic...
#YIAYbasic Went to Starbucks and found I had a 2x1 promo. I got them coffees\n\n...then put them on the TREEEESH.
Inhaling oxygen to keep this excuse for a body alive
#YIAYbasic feeding on the souls of those who have defied me, and giving the bones to the hell hounds
this moment when someone is making meam jokes and nobody laughs.
I post my videos on time
#YIAYbasic trying for u to notice me senpai
#YIAYbasic deoends what your definition of basic is
#YAIYbasic Got a Starbucks Coffee walked around the mall with it and didn't even drink it bc I don't like Starbucks. But all my friends got one so...
#YIAYbasic Subscribed, liked your videos and Supported you
#YIAYbasic Writing down a comment for YIAY\nStill trying
#YIAYbasic  spilling my sweet tea and crying why do i do this  to myself?
#YIAYBasic I programmed my Apple IIE to tell my teacher to SUCK IT
skipping an ad that I don't want to f****** here
I went grocery shopping at Walmart and complained about the long wait in line. #YIAYBasic
#YIAYbasic Spending 10 minutes on a comment and not getting featured amirite up top
#YIAYbasic I once commented on the wrong tiny what do I do John
U look like agent smith in the matrix
#YIAYbasic the most basic thing I've ever done is drink every frappucinno at Starbucks in two weeks... amirite
#YIAYbasic when you go to starbucks and they get your name right
#YIAYbasic ohh I just swam with a dinojacjforeheadsours until he became extinct :) nothing much
Hey jack, how long do the hats take to get to Australia? I ordered one btw
#yiaybasic watched game of thrones or is that cuckish?
#YIAYbasic writing a last time i was this early... comment.
#YIAYbasic copying someone else's and take credit for it
#YIAYbasic Try and bring back a dead meme. Who hasn't? \n\n\n\n\nOh, you were expecting one. Sorry.
#yiaybasic eat pringles, watch netflix (and not chill because I’m lonely) and get your merch
jump into my pool of jello....i hate jello
#YIAYbasic Ummmm.... watched jacksfilms?
#YIAYbasic your mother
Be a complete dick and stuff battery's up my butt
Hey! Wanna hear a joke \n\n\n\nRead more
subscribing to ur channel #YIAYbasic
#YIAYBasic Subscribed to your channel.
Got crazy about schezuan sauce #YIAYbasic
I seriously LOVE how you're just gazing at him lovingly, i think i'd be the same if freakin' PATRICK TA was doing my makeup.\nSort of like when you're tipsy and meet your new BFF in the bar bathrooms and instantly fall in love.
I can see why Shay Mitchell always has flawless makeup all the time. She is so lucky to have Patrick in her life!
Very nice Patrick seems calm and chilled god  bless
Victoria I’d love if you did a “if I went to prom lookbook” or something as i don’t even know where to look 😂
Ooo I would love to get my make up done professionally one day !! Xx
Looks absolutely amazing. Love how he used the bronzer and blusher on your eyes as well as the shadows. Xxx
LOVE LOVE LOVE this! x
Gorgeous! I love wearing expensive makeup it makes me feel good!
Look at Vic and her excited little smirk face xxxx I love you so much xxxx
This video makes me so relaxed ❤️ I don't know why haha! Love your content so much Victoria
I love your vlogs so much that I started travel vlogs♥️😊
Yes, makeup therapy!!! As an art and design student, makeup is like painting and my face is the canvas. I can be as simple or creative as I wish! Stunning look, keep the great content coming💕
You are absolutely gorgeous! Love this look - super glowy and suits you amazingly. P.s your personality is super contagious <3
Beautiful
I liked this but is it just me or was the background music a bit too loud???
That's it. I'm starting a makeup  channel TODAY. I will post makeup videos daily until Patrick Ta does my makeup.....😭😭 Oh you're so blessed!!! How awesome!😍😍 Thank you for cutting it down and putting it in a vlog too.😉 You look GORGEOUS!!
Gorgeous girly💕
Love it! Could you do a video on how you got your skin from dry to normal? 😊💕
Love your videos!
See patrick massage your face relax me sooo much 😂
Two of my favorite people collaborated on a video. Dead😍
Super cute!!
looking good as always 😍
He seems so calm and gentle
You are just so adorable & lovely! Love your genuine personality! ♥
Very sophisticated this male io tutorial,this guy si very talented 🔝and you victoria,you are gorgeous💋
✨Beautiful! ✨
i asked on ig for makeup deets! so excited about this vid! u looked insane! that makeup is the prettiest ive ever seen!
Total make up porn! Love love this video 🙌🏼
Hi Victoria, what are the brushes used for eyeshadow please? Thank you XXXX
Love love love the make up Victoria.. obsess w u also hehe
Eeeeeeek this is amazing! Your smile throughout tells me you enjoyed it too! Id struggle to talk if he was doing my makeup, his voice is soooo relaxing I'd be asleep! Haha! You look Devine! 😘😘
Love the Tom Ford Bronzer 💖
He seems so lovely!! <3
Gorgeous!
Omg love you xxx
Gorgeous look Victoria!! ❤️❤️ Xx
Wow you look beautiful girl:)
Bravo Patrick. Gorge!
Love you 😘
That's so your look that he did 💞 💕💞
I loveeee Patrick Ta. So happy you got to collab! <3
Beautiful natural make-up!
what a cool video! you look Fab!!
You have such amazing skin!! So beautiful <3
Oh my GOSH!!!! Geeking out so hard right now. I can't believe you got THE PATRICK TA to do your makeup. He does the most amazing make-up looks and is a TRUE artist. You are such a lucky girl!!
This was so relaxing to watch!! Xo
What was Patrick wearing? Honey??
MY BABY IS BEAUTIFUL
Ugh, just love him! Your makeup was flawless! ❤️
Oh my god, you look AMAZING!
OMG he's such a talent! Gorgeous look, babe - your skin looks amazing! xx
I absolutely love how your look turned out. U look amazing <3 And I love your attitude. You're so grateful for all the amazing things that you're experiencing - and it shows!! XO <3
This is sooo pretty! I love high end makeup. And Patrick is amazing!
He so knows what he's doing! Your makeup looks stunning! xoxo, caylie
Omggg I love him! So happy to see two of my faves in one video 😍😍
I love his work so much!! I have so many questions to be answered by him omg.. haha. Loved the results of course. Your skin looks flawless! (with and without makeup) <3
Wow, your makeup is stunning, totally enhances your natural beauty. Patrick is a very talented makeup artist.
Aaaah this video is amazing! I loved it soooo much!🤗 beautiful look btw!😊💖
I love seeing the contrast between how someone does their own makeup and how another person would approach doing makeup on that same person.
Victoria you are so humbling to watch! You are so sweet and kind and your personality is such a breath of fresh air! Would love to have you as a best friend! 😩😍
Everything about this video is perfection - I love love loveddd this
Patrick's skin looks amazing as does yours but wow
Your videos are just getting better and better 😍 gorgeous as always xx
Omg I love his makeup looks that he does for celebs ♥️
such a luxe brand and patrick ta? you must have felt so spoilt👸🏼xx
Gorgeous 😘😘
Love it
I was wondering what face suncream you would recommend for wearing in the sun with makeup?
Gorgeous but you look stunning without makeup too 😊
So glad you shared the full thing instead of cutting it for a Vlog!! You look gorgeous!
more close-up, please 😃 it looks lovely, but I couldn't see the details properly (as well as the final result)
This look is beautiful, feminine, clean, fresh.  I like the eyebrows, not too dark, subtle, feminine, and not too much contouring on the rest of the face.  Looks a bit more natural,  amazing!
Omg! Patrick ta .. love you!!
La mer is my fav skincare brand <3  love the look btw :)
I cringed when he rested his fingers on your face and eyelid to apply makeup. A good makeup artist knows better.  Did he sanitize his hands beforehand and why doesn't he have a type of sponge or cushion to hold between your skin and his hand?\nOf course, you looked beautiful as always.
Any makeup look, looks gorgeous on you 💗🌟
Stunning :D x
Needs subtitles, no idea what he's saying half of the time
The make up look so fab!!! Xx
His hands are so damn beautiful!
I absolutely LOVED watching this, I found it such a calming & informative chat. I nearly choked on my olive when Patrick mentioned Tom Ford Sable Smoke lipstick, it's probably my all time fave!!!! Doesn't Patrick have the most amazing skin?\nHugs Adele xoxo
Makeup isn't really my thing, but Patrick had such a nice personality and you're always such a pleasure to watch that I loved this video!!
He looked like he was being so gentle!!!  I think I rub my face off 😂🤣
he seems so sweet and professional! This makeup looks amazing on you x
You look so prettyyy! I love it!!! I need a Patrick in my life hahah
Omg i love Patrick!!!! Such a great video babe xx
Ohhh you sassy pair you slay, this video is cute as. 😍😘
I think it's too zoomed out. Would wish for it to be closer
I was missing new music from you guys. Greetings from Mexico
Amazing, from Brazil. :D
You guys are getting younger by each passing year, love it.
Beautiful, from Colombia. :) 💗
great! Please return to Peru
I was blank as I could be, hearing voices telling me, “Walk away from everything”\nOh I wasn’t meant to go, far away from those I know, to some desolate below\n\n[Verse 2]\nWe were in the urban scene, where they grind the coffee bean, where the women are oblique\nAnd the boys are paper thin, ragged beards upon their chin, we were on the outside looking in\nRise above the present day, rise above the popular melee\nI see you the way you are, I see you the scar[?]\n\n[Chorus]\nWe were beautiful before this went down\nWe were beautiful before the years came, turned it upside down\nWe were beautiful before we got wise\nWe were beautiful with sky and blanket laying low\n\n[Verse 3]\nI am hanging on the line, I’m on duty all the time, I am your Samaritan on call\nI could try my best to heal, all the emptiness you feel, in the giving I will be a light[?}\n\n[Verse 4]\nWe were wrapped around our roots, nothing on except our boots, we were intimate around the waist\nWe were settling our scores, we were healing over sores, we were living out the pleasure that we lost\n\n[Chorus]\nWe were beautiful before this went down\nWe were beautiful before the years came, turned it upside down\nWe were beautiful for all time and space\nI will tell it to the sun and I will tell it to…\n[Verse 5]\nIf you listen to the night, we can heard the madmen fight, hear the foxes making out\nBut the people all immune, sleeping silent in their rooms, growing bodies with their sleep\nMaking plans inside their heads, making love to shallow friends\n\n[Chorus]\nWe were beautiful before this went down\nWe were beautiful before the years came, turned it upside down\nWe were beautiful before we got wise\nWe were beautiful with sky and blanket fueling up[?}\n\n[Chorus]\nWe were beautiful before this went down\nWe were beautiful before the years came, turned it upside down\nWe were beautiful for all time and space\nI will tell it to the sun and I will tell it to your face
Vc vai escutando no buss e se imaginado em um clipe!!! #ameiii
Boa música ! Portugal
oh god really this is good
this is so beautiful, I cannot WAIT for new music and your performances lovelovelOve
i’m beyond excited for you guys to release more music!
See you soon in Italy!!!!!!
Always like an early birthday present when I get to see and hear new music from B&S. Please come back to North Carolina. Loved your show at the NCMA.
Que sonoridade ótima! Álbum novo a caminho!
Plz come to korea😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMO!!!!
Brasil ●/
Tageslied: https://guteshoerenistwichtig.wordpress.com/2017/09/25/tageslied-belle-sebastian-we-were-beautiful/
Sweet!
Belle & Subbuteoooo see yas in Perth! So excited!
Kool
Very Good!
marvellous!
i feel so lucky
Súper chulo <3
Fresh.
Beautiful, from Argentina....love it
Chills
Beautiful ❤❤❤
Sounds good except for the ridiculously rapid-fire beats that everyone thinks are required for modern music.  It's overload and not necessary.  Just be you.  It's good enough and better than most.  So glad they didn't throw a bunch of whoa whoa whoas in there too just to be trendy.  That's even worse than machine gun beats.
bayağı iyi geldi bu
Yuck...pedal steel.
Perhaps you folks should think about retiring & moving on--perhaps take-up painting, or photography; you were great once B&S, but this is just plain awful.
Perfect!😘Very Perfect
This is such a beautiful song I hope we get a MV for this 💕
Aweee! I really lovelovelove this song~ <3 And I really Love Ed Sheeran <3
What if the migos cover this song? \nBaby im (skrt!) dancing in the dark (dark!) It will be fcked as hell hahaha😂😂😂
the tune's somewhat familiar...
While Sam Smith always making a sad gay song, Ed Sheeran coming with powerful love song... And it's about girl, luckily!
it's tune is so sweet!
For everyone who doesn't memorize the song yet want to sing along, this one's for you: (LYRICS)\n\n\nI found a love for me\nDarling just dive right in\nAnd follow my lead\nWell I found a girl beautiful and sweet \nI never knew you were the someone waiting for me\n'Cause we were just kids when we fell in love\n\nNot knowing what it was\nI will not give you up this time\nBut darling, just kiss me slow, your heart is all I own\nAnd in your eyes you're holding mine\n\nBaby, I'm dancing in the dark with you between my arms\nBarefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song\nWhen you said you looked a mess, I whispered underneath my breath\nBut you heard it, darling, you look perfect tonight\n\nWell I found a woman, stronger than anyone I know\nShe shares my dreams, I hope that someday I'll share her home\nI found a love, to carry more than just my secrets\nTo carry love, to carry children of our own\nWe are still kids, but we're so in love\nFighting against all odds\nI know we'll be alright this time\nDarling, just hold my hand\nBe my girl, I'll be your man\nI see my future in your eyes\n\nBaby, I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms\nBarefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song\nWhen I saw you in that dress, looking so beautiful\nI don't deserve this, darling, you look perfect tonight\n\nBaby, I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms\nBarefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song\n\nI have faith in what I see\nNow I know I have met an angel in person\nAnd she looks perfect\nI don't deserve this\nYou look perfect tonight
Can't say anything. Just...........PERFECT!\nI'm crying inside. T_T
send this tomorrow to my crush with a letter 🙏🙏
This is truly beautiful ❤️ Well done Ed Sheeran ❤️
This song is everyrhing 😍 it's my favorite song off this album, sigh
i don't deserve this you look so perfect tonight....
I hear this Song EVERYDAY it‘s so beautifull
I wish my channel was perfect but I only have 13 subs 😪
Perfect song i relate this song my past is going to present 💔
I really love it.
Meeting my crush on Saturday for the first time.. Wish me luck 😂
I'll dream my love story just like this song💗
It's better twenty one pilots.\nStay alive. |-/
Best lyric video I've ever see
One direction's perfect is still better than this
who could not love such a talented young man..... I believe he has has a very wise old sole
This song reminds me of Nathan and Haley from One Tree Hill. Every word fits to describe their relationship esp the chorus. :)
In love with those animations ♥
his other songs sounds too generic for me. i still dont understand why people like him that much.\nexcept for this song. only the one i like
This song remind me of a k-drama called weightlifting fairy Kim Bok-joo iT'S SO PERFECT FOR THE FEELINGS THAT JUNG HYUNG  HAVE FOR BOK JOO I'M CRYING BAI SORRY THE FANGIRL MOMENT. U HAVE TO WATCH THIS DRAMA U WILL LOVE IT.
I want someone special to hold hands with:)
I hope someone would sing this song for me. The person who will make me feel special.
I cry every time I hear 😍
You have to kind of be standing in awe of Ed's song writing skills. He has more great songs on Divide than most artists have in their entire career. \n   I've written a ton of songs myself and tossed (Or lost) them. He's enough to make you chop off your fingers and give up. Almost ;-)
very cool song..i like this song...love from Indonesia...
Please be this playing everywhere now instead of Shape of You 😖😬🙌🏻
Makes me miss going to prom. 😭💔
dancing in the dark lalalalala ...
Barefoot on the clouds
This song didn't need a lyrics video he Sanged the song so well but as always he doesn't fail to entertain us👌
Ed sheeran is the best artist and singer
This song is so beautiful and I cannot wait to fall in love again with someone special. This will be my wedding song!
Who else think that this is Ed's best song ?😍😍
I have watch and listen this song today and it is a perfect song😀💑
This songs is without any doubt my all times favourite ❤️
Still waiting for I'll tell me ma ed sheeran version... would have tweeted you but oh wait..
When I listen to eds songs I m not in this world.
How can someone be so perfect ?💓
This Perfect song is just the PERFECT song. I Love it.
Can't wait for the music video !!!
him voice 💗💘\nbest song ever 😻💜
Perfect song. Like is this
Am I the only one who liked the video before it even starts??? It's because this song is PERFECT😘
i always play this song all over again. cant move on this song.. perfect song for wedding😍😍\nNice one Ed.😍😍\nhope lot inspiration song hit this year..😘😘
I love Ed sheeran more than I love myself
perfect the male version of lovestory 🙌🏻
This is just Perfect😭
The rhythm of this song just too beautiful
Make top 10 on Trending for this song
Melody King
OMG this song
Lyric brings me away
My future wedding song💕
perfect 😍
nice song`
♡
tai
Lovely...
PERFECT ❤
best song of 2017
My new fav. Songg!!!😍😍😍
❤️❤️
strong message there ..
Love it ❤
Amaizing ed❤️❤️ replay all day
ganda
❤❤❤
Very well！
❤
Ed 😍😍😍😍😍
Nice song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYOXyFq0PCk
Beautiful the music
Beautiful. ♡
Perfect song
Pa eso
I love it
Not really
Sigo esperando el video oficial :c
Perfect Voice... Perfect Lyrics... Perfect Flow~ Awesome, Love it ! ❤
Awesome awesome!!!!!😘😘
Perfect song
perfect song.. i love ed sheeran!!
Always deliver with ease
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍ed
Pure Magic...
Yay there's an official lyric video now ^^
Listening to our favorite song🔊
This song remember me #Delena of The Vampire Diaries ♥\nSomeone else??
If Shawn Mendes covered this, I'm gonna cry. ❤️#MENDESARMY
The perfect being, huh? There is no such thing as perfect in this world. That may sound cliché, but it’s the truth. The average person admires perfection and seeks to obtain it. But, what’s the point of achieving perfection? There is none. Nothing. Not a single thing. I loathe perfection! If something is perfect, then there is nothing left. There is no room for imagination. No place left for a person to gain additional knowledge or abilities. Do you know what that means?
I'm just excited to see what he writes for his future wife😍
Streaming services have made singles become somehow pointless
Steven Spielberg is not allowed to die. \n\nSimply the most imaginative film director that has ever lived and a diverse body of work to prove it.
DiCaprio should work with Spielberg again.
I can't wait to see this! :-)
This is going to be the best documentary ever!
Thats gonna be awesome
Schindler's List is legit the best movie I've ever seen
Steven Spielberg is The King of Filmmaking : )
My favourite director, my idol... he is a legend.
When I was a child he was the reason why I started to love the movies. Now, when I'm an adult, he is the reason why I chose working in the movies.
Jurassic Park\nET\nIndiana jones trilogy\nSchindlers list\nJaws\nSaving Private Ryan\nMen in Black (producer) \nBack to the future (producer)\nLand before time (producer)\nWho framed riger rabbit (producer)\nGoonies (producer)\nThis fucking genius was the voice of my entire childhood through adolescence.
Some of my first memories are watching movies with my folks. Born in 1980 in lower middle class rural Kentucky. Mr. Spielberg was my hero. Anything he could dream up was possible I thought. What a great time to be alive
It was 1993.. I was 4 years old..and the only memory I still have from that time is that glass vibrating and me asking my dad in the theater what is it?...
Somebody put this man on a bill.💵
No Tom Hanks ?
Here's somebody who was truly born to make motion pictures.
I will watch it. \nI grew up with his movies.
John Williams music is throughout.  No need I was wrong
After Jurassic park I knew I wanted to be a director
Excited for this one!
Cannot *recall which 'Bruce', went^ *display UK?!? \n\nHope (possiBly foreLorn)., beYond likely yadda-yadda & *Praise this may show a *vidClip📹 of its *tour.\nWithin 3ft either mk2, mk3 ???
I like what Steven says. A lot of his films come from a part of himself he can't articulate so it shows up in his films. I can kind of relate to that.
Stephen Spielberg is my favourite director along with Martin Scorsese, Christopher Nolan and Antoine Fuqua.
He's such a nice guy
Inspiration to Filmmakers from all over the World. Institution of Film making. There is no Words for One and only Mr.Spielberg.
More, more, more, more... Mr. Spielberg you are my idol
Is Spielberg the best director of all time? Perhaps\nBut no one even comes close the the amount of classics he's made
Ferociously tugging my dick to images of the BFG right now. Thanks Spielberg.
He has some so-so movies, but his work is always top notch. I can't wait to see this.
Our father, who art in cinema
Will be my fave HBO doc! If not, top 2!
Do Tarantino next!  This looks amazing
Leo should work with Speilberg again..
This is going to be the best documentary ever.
About fucking time they made him a documentary! 😭😭😭😭
They got EVERYONE for this. Leo Dicaprio, Christian Bale, Daniel Craig, Tom Hanks, Blanchett, Neeson, Scorsese, JJ Abrams, Ralph Fiennes, hoffman, George Lucas, and even frickin Daniel Day Lewis
The greatest film maker in film making history, hands down!
Can't. FKN. Wait. For. This!!!!!
Before he adapts my favorite book of all time, Ready Player One, I’m definitely seeing this documentary
strangely cut trailer but i love me some spielberg so i'm watchin!
So stoked. So stoked. So stoked. So stoked. So stoked. So stoked. So stoked. So stoked. So stoked\n\nBut why does everybody on camera have a lisp? Even DiCaprio has one.
Imo When it comes to longevity and churning out top caliber movies over a long career The only director that rivals this man is the other director in this Trailer Mr. Scorcese. Scorcese is a crazy one He quite possibly hasn't had a bad film in 50 plus years
I've never seen a man who changed cinema and animation as much as this brilliant person. (sniff!)
One of the greatest directors to ever walk on earth ❤️ 🎥
The Greatest Movie Legend Ever Lived
This documentary is going to be amazing !
Spielberg is movies.
BFG? Lol
Morons.
Genious.
Eastwood
Superb
https://ugc.kn3.net/i/origin/https://elpenultimododo.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/senor-spielbergo-20080220055603144.jpg
Where was JOHN WILLIAMS!!!
Yes! Janet Maslin!
Than you :)
❤
thank you HBO!
Wow.
Goosebumps. Everywhere.
Yes!!!!!!!!!🙌
Kudos!
First👌👍
Schindler's List is, without a doubt, his best movie.
El mejor director de las últimas décadas...el mas grande e inigualable Steven Spielberg..
The Master. And when the other Master JW is scoring, it's perfection.
Liam neeson's movie name..?
Dont make these, start making Indiana jones 5 I can't wait til 2019 or 2020
The only movie that DiCaprio was in with Steven was Catch me if you can. I did not like that one.
The greatest ever.
God... so pretentious. He's lost his way as a storyteller. What an insufferable moron.
His films up to the 90s were amazing. Then blah. I will for sure watch this though....
Fascinating. Never actually got into Spielberg's history. He's a frustrating film maker. Genius at times, mediocre at others. Ridley Scott has this problem too. But for setting the bar so damn high, he'll always be a legend.
Once upon a time his name meant something. \n\nToo bad most movies nowadays have lost their wow factor. Not even Pixar impresses anymore. \n\nAnymore, cinema is just a deluge of annual superhero movies. It stinks.
Last generation: Steven Speilberg\nCurrent generation: Christopher Nolan
Check out the Directors Series Video Essay — STEVEN SPIELBERG: POPULIST — http://bit.ly/2jXrNEL
The first movie I ever loved was Jurassic Park. I've rewatched that movie a million times. This man is a legend of cinema.
Spielberg (2017) Full movie HD\nhttp://kimechanic.com/2I1x
He raped Indiana Jones.
First
Oh look another Jew
Kubrick
Fucking Spielberg? Even though he's a legend. He's no where near the caliber of Kubrick, Scorsese, Tarkovsky or even fucking Kurosawa. I'm sure they've had more impact on modern film more than Spielberg
Nah.... You aren't at the level of Stanley Kubrick..... Trust me :)
It's just a shame that Spielberg today can't create the same great films he made in the 70s, 80s and 90s.
dirty jew
So i found this new site and its called.....?
I've missed Tucker
If tom edited this and made it cinematic it would rack in more views 🤑🤑
Why on trending it has less views than the amount of subs he has
#7 on trending?\n\nWHOOOP WHOOOP.
#5 on trending \ngood job
needs headphones, buys beats..... very niceee
Tom this vid got to #6 trending
Hey your 6th on trending
This vid is trending :)
I hope u get nuked by rocket man
kyoto is better than tokyo for sightseeing
Anyone noticed how soon as tom cut swearing from his vlogs hes now trending pretty much every vlog.. tbh if thats the case its well worth it
Birmingham and Coventry are not the same place.
He remember Ron's watch?
Why is this on trending 😂
I won't watch this whole video but I just love the funny faces Tom pulls.
fish sausage!
Damn number 9 on trending , congrats! <3
Love yaa
I WULU IF U NO HUW TO LIV IN TOKIYO
Literally I was Sat to the right of you and the television crew we interviewing someone behind me vista's osaka
Tom...Bring Rons watch to South Africa
He doesnt love steve anymore
Number6 trending boyzz
6 trending
Your number 6th on trending
Syncicate i live in romiley lol
I love FE!
Bakkaaa omai..!!
Sponsored by nestcam
hell yeah tom!
king arthur was so shit
He has the same hoodie as meeeeeee!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
You needed the lamb sauce with that sausage.
What car did tony have
omgggggg the cat catch hahahahaha such a D A D !!!!!!!!
Got a television on the door it's advertisement
I fell like you forgot to blur the number plate
Japan is 13 hours ahead 4 mr
Ffs me and a lot of people thought u meant Tokyo world festival
syndy I think you should make a modded optic
Yaaas the boys are back together!
Tom my dude 😎
nice your on trending
Oooooooooooo mate
#5 on trending
Still trending Tom, well done
The thumbnail makes it look like you want to eat the place
Wow, we haven't seen him since episode 3.
I MADE IT TO THE COMMENTS!
I LIVE IN TOKYO!!
I'm in Japan!!!!!!! (Kyoto)
I just read your PO box.\nYoU lIvE iN hYdE?!? i LiVe In OlDhAm
you need to go to Hawaii with Rons watch. then fly to LA for a while
It's weird to see tom not wearing razer headphones, nice switch to beats though
Tom try getting another litter tray sometimes cats don't like to share
The event is in Birmingham in Coventry?  You do realise Birmingham isn't Coventry and vice versa.
Dude a drippy sausage? You deffo need to get a cream for that.
Buy another litterbox and see if that changes anything.\nI have 2 cats and 1 of them wouldnt poo/pee in a certain litterbox bc her sister uses it. so idk that might help
Why do i keep thinking of tokyo drift whenver i see this
Yeahh your trending, fully deserved
North koreas gonna bomb the shit out of you
Why tf am i seeing so much hate rn?😂
I love the vlogs but could you stop putting the cats in every few minutes it just gets annoying
Congrats on being 6th on trending
Bj face required for trending video
when you get on a plane do you warn your seatmates hey I'm going to be filming myself?
Good for you!
Why is that person wearing a mask thing? 😂😂
This is diabolical
I hope the 1% that reads this will follow their dreams. My dream is to become a successful Youtuber
Are we going to ignore that he said he forgot his headphones and then is wearing beats a few cuts later😂😂😂
I was searching how to use tokyo subways, then I check to see whats trending and saw this, coincidence!!
I can be your hero baby i can kiss away the pain oh yeah
Can't believe people still watch this fucker
Great vlog the sausage looked horrible but it was hilarious let’s get this adventure started👍👌😎
ENGLANDS MY CITY
HOW ABOUT RONS WATCH nvm
Is it just me who had no idea gurdians of the galaxy vol 2 was already released? >0<
Please don’t do that, it’s nasty.
Waaaaooo
Which airport did you go to in Tokyo as I went to Narita when I went to Japan like 2 years ago
“I made it...”like it is so hard to get there?
Come to Finland!
Looks like an awesome adventure
You look so much like James Franco in the caption!!
Well.........you can certainly tell the videos trending, the influx of idiotic trolls is off the charts. I would say ignore them, but you likely already do.
Whats the chances of me being in bruxelles airbport 2 hours before you and leaving when you arrive.... :(
Welcome to Asia Tom. :) Come to Singapore you will love the food here
Wait I would feel really akward talking to a phone day next to someone
do u ever go to USA Washington state??
saw you at the shibuya crossing but I don't actually know who you are so I didn't care
This is 11th in trending 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 u derisive 1st
I remember this kid
Tom just can't help but catch pussy 😂
To much of the wifey miss the old vlogs
Just give that cat a mild beating :/ Cats are dicks and so you also have to be one from time to time.
No mean feat is it 'making to Tokyo not exactly climbing Everest is it...
The title would be more impressive if you had to fight ninjas to get there but OK
Get mikey burrows back on this
We always do it the hard way dont we 😂😂
I was screaming that much at the end of that game when the goal went in,  my throat is still hurting
We're on our way, we're on our way to the Premier League we're on our way!🔶🔶
What a game! Great atmosphere too FWAW ▪️🔸▪️🔸
Unbelievable dive from the Barnsley player to con the ref into giving a free kick from which they scored. Good character from Wolves.
As I said to my father (this is our 25th year as Season Ticket holders together) at full time; this is why we love this game. I owe him a lot for my love of football. I will try to pass it on.
im a sheffield wednesday fan but wednesday night i will be a wolves fan hoping you can give us somthing to cheer about..all the pigs (blades fans ) have been on radio bragging about how they are the best team in the league and nobody can match them...lets hope you can bring them down to earth with a bang
These highlights mek our support look like the bluenoses..
My throats still hurts
can we return van la parra
If we can play poorly ans still manage to get 3 points like yesterday, shows we have the character to be up there with the best.
What a match! I was on the right hand side, the Steve bull bit.
That second wolves goal may be one of the most important this season
97 likes, one dislike.... one lone Brummie looking up from the the deepest mine to see Wolves in the clouds :)
It looked like Coady came from out the South Bank to celebrate the winner.
I was confident enobakare would get going with his goals, two In two, hopefully that boosts his confidence and he can push on from here!
Never screamed so much in my life #COYW
Cough cough *1-2 Cardiff* cough cough
Цирк :)
That dive
WAW
Im not a wolves fan . But they won me £300 quid on my acca (Squeaky bum towards the end)  so just for that I hope they make it up to the prem
Get rid of this commentator and get the signal 107 lads back.
2:36 MA DIO PORCO!
Marò è allucinante come qualsiasi tiro nello specchio della porta di Reina, che oramai non para proprio più, si trasformi in goal..Ed anche oggi, la pur ottima Spal, é incredibile a dirsi, con due soli tiri in porta in tutta la partita, ha fatto due goals..E come lo vinciamo stò scudetto con queste medie tiri/goal incassati? Prima o poi ne pagheremo le pere cotte.....comunque brava Spal, che spero si salvi perchè lo merita, e forza Napoli, sempre..
forza napoli ma complimenti alla spal
Ma il dio porco a 2:36? Aahhahahah
2.38 fantastico sentite
Uomo partita : Ghoulam
La Spal meritava almeno il pareggio
Reina è un portiere I-NU-TI-LE. Non esiste prendere un gol del genere, sul tuo palo per giunta.
Ma solo io ho sentito quel ma dio po*co alla fine?
il 1 a 4 con la Lazio é bugiardo , come sta Vittoria, sta squadra non può essere così colabrodo dietro se vuole sto scudetto.
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
Peró la Spal ha fatto un ottima partita complimenti
Immeritata
nu meridava napuli nu e buon skuadra napuli e fortunatu e ma spal
Why is this trending?
1:13 I KURWA #POLSKA
Voglio Ghoulam alla juve!!!
napoli ti amo ❤❤💙
Quanto é forte ghoulam
vincim o scudet
Grande🙌
Primo a dire primo
Ma....Reina???????
Dio can Reina svegliatiiii
Ghoulam 2-3 è finita
Solo uun coglione come te poteva rispondere cosi Stronzo
2:35 bestemione 😅😅
Che partita la SPAL complimenti
Bella partita,complimenti alla Spal
I kurwa
Forza napoli waglio
Onore a la Spal, ottima partita
Bello sto calcio champagne del Napoli........
...a vedere il campo , nn sembrava messo tanto male... Però magari Sarri x dire che era idegno x la A , avrà avuto le sue ragioni...magari a vederlo dal video non rende l idea non so...chissà,  forse si riferiva al fatto che era sconnesso o x le zolle boo...
Ma in quale universo la spal si meritava il pareggio o addirittura la vittoria? Cioè ragazzi, seriamente, la spal non ha fatto nulla, 2 tiri in porta 2 goal, solo perchè il napoli gioca senza portiere, per il napoli ogni tiro subito è un goal, ma compensa con lo strapotere in possesso palla e azioni. Con un portiere serio lo scudetto sarebbe tutto del napoli.
💁‍♂️Hey! Tu riesci a fare lo stesso #goal?\n📽️ Fai un #video che lo testimonia e partecipa alla straordinaria #iniziativa: un goal da morire... ⚽😯⚱️\nScopri ora cosa puoi vincere ➡️ https://goo.gl/sTwurj\n#ungoaldamorire #napoli #forzanapolisempre #mertens #evento
GRANDE PARTITA MA IL NAPOLI NON VINCE NEPPURE LA COPPA ITALIA FIGURIAMOCI LO SCUDETTO SE LE DISPUTA COSI'\nMA REINA SI DEVE SVEGLIARE UN PO'E AVERE I RIFLESSI PRONTI \nNON PUO'ANDARE AVANTI COSI'CON QUESTE PAPERE SUE\nREINA E UN GRAN PORTIERE E MI DISPIACE PER LUI CHE NON E PIU'FORTE COME PRIMA MA CHE SI DETERMINASSE NEL SVOLGERE IL SUO RUOLO \nE POI E MANCATO IL CENTROCAMPO CON HAMSIK DIAWARA ZIELISNKI MA I TITOLARI SONO ALLAN JORGINHO E PER QUELLO CHE E SUCCESSO A MILIK SPERO CHE TORNI DI NUOVO SENNO'SARANNO 35 MILIONI BUTTATI PER NIENTE
Se la Spal continua così si può anche togliere la preoccupazione della retrocessione. Complimenti a tutte e due le squadre
CAZZO, COPI PURE IL VIDEO PARO PARO DI PREMIUM SINTESI?
Bravo a Schiattarella...l'hai fatto mò e nun te permettere mai cchiù. \nAvanti così.... Napoli 4ever !
NAPOLI campione d'Italia  troppo forte non c'è paragone  con la rubentus
my you fucks napoli my bets handicap napoli score 3-2 fucks napoli
Vai spal !! Sono della Juventus ma la spal non la facevo così ! Altro che salvezza quest anno può fare molto di più ! Mentre Crotone e Benevento possono già dichiararsi in serie b :)
LA SPAL FORSE SI SALVA MA IL BENEVENTO NE DUBITO
3 a 2 è finita
No comment
Non vinceranno MAI LO SCUDETTO
2:36 Ma Dio Povero
HO LASCIATO SCHIATTARELLA IN PANCA
La spal è fortissima da Beneventano
Questo telecronista mi sembra un acquisto online.\nFa proprio cagare.\nCi manca Sandro Piccinini \nccezionale 
Il boato del 2 2 si è sentito fino a Napoli peccato forza SPAL sempre
La spal si meritava la partita
Nel gol di Callejon c'erano 2 giocatori in fuorigioco.Passivi,ma i loro movimenti hanno messo in confusione il portiere
Ma voi napoletani come cazzo fate a tenervi ancora Reina. È peggio di Buffon quel portiere li e ce ne vuole, Buffon con la Juve para tutto in nazionale non fa un cazzo, lo voglio vedere io quest' anno a Buffon   hai mondiali. Cmq da milanista dico Napoli buona squadra ma portiere inguardabile e che coraggio subire col sul suo palo.
Napoli merda
Che culo il Napoli \nForza Juve
Il napoli non meritava la vittoria
The ball didn't touch the floor from the goal kick to when it went in the back of the net - superb stuff City!
HAHA CLASS!
Brill game boys Leeds Tuesday come on city 👍
How is this trending
I never thought that anything Cardiff City related would make it onto trending. Come on BlueBirds!!!🔵🐦
Well done Cardiff
Holy shitballs how the actual fuck is this trending
look at the kid at 1:33
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
A lot of empty pink seats......
We are a fucking disgrace the term football team should not even be uttered we deserve to be bounced out of the championship
Saw Cardiff city team at Manchester Hilton hotel!! What an honour!
SCFC⚫️⚪️
Sunderland where they belong.
Good game basically top need more goals , zohore isn't doing much though and need to bring more fans 643 is a lot but need hitting 900+
I'm a Chelsea fan but we'll done lads looking forward to seeing you in the premier league next year good luck with this  season though
Went to my first Cardiff game last year at home to Wigan, fucking awful first match.
Cardiff :)
Trending... 805 views?
Latest figures show that Uber drivers are now responsible for one sex attack in London every week, with sexual assaults by Uber drivers skyrocketing by 50 per cent in just a single year.\nThis is undoubtedly connected to the fact that many of the drivers are from Muslim backgrounds, where “immodest” women are seen as easy prey. Many of the young women who hire Uber taxis late at night are drunk and in some cases scantily dressed.
what a load of shit, Fuck this country, I'm out. George Orwell is laughing at you all.
More than half of Uber drivers there are Muslim..no wonder
Is there another way ? \nMaybe a less greedy app to start with !
Lol it's only cause tfl are not making money from there taxis
Not fit and proper means they should stay banned,
If you want a decent service you pay a decent price.  You get what you pay for.  If Uber drivers want to be a taxi driver then do it.  If they think buying a uniform is expensive then try licensing a taxi and keeping it on the rd.  There's reasons laws are in place for taxi drivers and uber is just a cowboy outfit.  I wonder how many women have been actually attacked.  I bet a whole lot more than the bullshit media lets on.   It ain't safe if anyone can be an uber driver.  Theres a lot of seriously sick twisted fucks out there that thrive off pesting over women and this company gives them the platform to do it.  Result!
Background  checks are exactly the same as all private hire and black cab drivers (ENHANCED DISCLOSURE )  and are submitted to TFL not Uber ....TFL then once everything checks out TFL issue the pco licence to the applicant like any other private hire or hackny carriage driver \n\nUber has no power over the application its all done through TFL    all the reporting has been inaccurate
Lol I didn’t know Uber was a thing in the Uk.
How will we get our drugs ??
Undergrounds just about to get a whole lot busier ..\nI can already barely stand in the tube without having a Chinese man breathing down my ear lobe loool..
Muslim rapists  .  I'm glad they are gone
pathetic to apologise for what uber have been doing for so long.
New cab coming October 2017 £56,000 not on the road, old cab was £38,000 plus 4 years to do the knowledge, blame LTC, the manufacturer, their the robbers not London cabbies. Most Uber cars under 10k.
I believe many of the Uber employees are black cab drivers also
All these Uber drivers who are saying we have no jobs, just go back to your country and stop raping women
This is bullshit. Black cabs charge too much. Make black cabs charge a fair amount.
1 rape every 11 days, no valid dbs or medical checks, company pays no tax here, drivers picking up under false car insurance, good riddance
But islam is not a fit & proper religion
I think the tlf need to take a look in the mirror.
Got an uber ad before this vid, no one in India uses uber tho, we use our regional travelling services, and OLA, which is basically Indian UBER, but without any controversies.
Transport for london is experiencing massive losses so they basically decided to give Uber the big finger so everyone would run back to black cabs busses and trains. Really ... great work well done! 😒😒😒😒😒 one more annoyed Londoner
always showing the nice part of london( central london )  when in reality looks like a dump
I agree with TFL that they should be up to a standard set. But don’t want to see uber go, as it’s the most reasonable transport on a night out
From what I have seen on video it was the Muslim drivers? Is this bias news ignoring the problem or not?
Seems like Britains self grown black Cab service was going out of busssiness cuz of Uber so they had to do suttin about it 🤷🏽‍♀️
Omg 😂  someone said '*how do I get around now?!! If I have to get a normal taxi I'm going throw a fit!!!*'  😂😂😂    I think that was a real person  😂
Black cabs > Uber\n\nOnly cheap tarts who are desperate to be raped use uber
What are the ex Rotherham taxi drivers going to do now for their pleasure.
Black cabs are overpriced. I've used one once and plan to never use one again.
This is fantastic news! Yes, Uber is comparatively cheaper and more convenient than most London cabs but the company does not carry out thorough background checks on drivers & has a lacklustre approach to dealing with criminal offenses. So, this means that you are getting on a car with someone who could potentially harm you. I myself was a victim of verbal assualt by an Uber driver who threathened/swore at me only because I pointed out that he was taking a longer route, and when I complained to Uber about this all they did was refunded my fare and dismissed the case. This needs to change. They cannot be running a business making money off us customers and at the same time putting our lives at risk like that whilst taking zero responsibility for anything. It's high time TFL took action and I'm glad that they finally did.
I asked my Uber driver what he thought about this. \nHe pulled up in an empty street and sexualy harassed me lol
Reading alot of the comments here, i find it disturbing that Londoners are prepared and willing to put their security and safety at risk for the sake of cheaper taxi fares. If a stranger in a car you've never seen before at a train station or airport was to approach you, tell you his name and age and that he would help you get home, alarm bells would be ringing in your head and thus tell the man to go away but put a taxi app on the phone and suddenly this stranger becomes OK, a person you can trust. Are Londoners truly that gullible?
Well Done Transport for London. Don't be frieghtened to stand up to big companies.
They are appalling drivers, they clog the roads, perform dangerous manoeuvres, speed everywhere. As much as it’s convenient its time the app and it’s drivers go.
Giving us more reason to not live in this shithole called UK...
Uber is a fraud, a con, a scam and tries to suck and blow at the same time.  Dump this junk.  Only the driver and no one else should profit from rides.  Ubers software can be bought for $700 and replicate anything they do. There is no magic in matching a driver with a passenger.
What makes me laugh is all the comments like will have to get black cabs now who rip everybody off etc, none of the people making these comments have ever used black cabs before uber and wont after uber is gone so give it a rest, have you never heard of a minicab office? uber have only been in london a few years what do you think Londoners was doing before uber? minicab offices and black cabs were coexisting peacefully before uber arrived in it will just go back to that, another thing about 40,000 uber drivers face unemployment no they dont they will simply return back to the minicab offices and work from there. Believe it or not black cabs are actually fairly priced you would know this if you ever used them. Iv used both black cabs and minicabs and i support both, the only difference is a black cab driver is a fully qualified taxi driver and knows exactly were there going and the quickest way to get you there i got quoted £15 to go to my local hospital by a minicab firm and a black cab got me there for £14 at 3 in the morning. Theres many apps out there that you can download such as gett fixed taxi fares and alot more. P.S its not the end of the world.
good riddance, london taxi drivers actually have to memorize maps to get the job\nthey shouldnt have to lose their job to some neckbeard landwhale soccer mom who wants some extra cash to buy herself mcDs.
I kinda feel bad for some of the uber drivers that were in my service but I'm also glad black cab drivers are going to have more of their business back
I haven't used uber, but when sexual assault happens by drivers & they make it difficult for the government. Of course they would be banned. It's uber's fault
Get a bike! I Lived 5 years in London, never needed anything else.
Comunist propaganda media BBC is happy that London dropped the license for Uber, what a surprise...
Peng Ting Call Maddison Come Jump In My Addison Lee, Because you can’t take Uber
Damnit I’ll be in London next month
fuck you england you pig ass country. you're bullshitting. you just want to exploit people for cash the same way uber does. black cab drivers can sexually assault as well.
Now the can work in supermarkets  they need trolley man's?
Comply or confiscate 10% of the company. Next non compliance take 30% of the company. Next non-compliance take 50% of the company and send in government representatives to work on their board. First job to sack the CEO.
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
Tfl just mad that they’ve not making enough ££ due to Uber being cheaper and more efficient. Just get better cabs and better rail service and you won’t be hated by the consumer...
There's both good and bad to this
Uber had 32 allegations of sexual assault or rape, but there were 122 allegations of sexual assault and rape against black cab and other taxi companies in the UK last year. Why are they not renewing black cab's license? It's all about big money and influence. Black cab transports the Royal family staff and the owner has friends in high places. They're shutting down black cab's competitor, uber,  which is unfair trading practices and goes against free market principles. Competition helps the consumer by offering them lower prices.
Black cabs in London are WAYYYY too expensive and this smacks of a powerful lobby at work against passengers best interests.
Weirdos taxing strangers... was bound to fail.. i bet the drivers are all foreigners and rapists
Uber will stay and will win in the court! But the drivers will loose their jobs by 2020, once Uber introduces self driving cars.
London is shit anyways been twice it sucks. Better cities to visit in the UK.
if someone wants to pay another person to drive them somewhere that is their right, why does government have to get involved
Good. Protect black cabs.\n\nAnd feck the BBC - fake newsters.
Now people are going to jump into fake taxi by accident 😂😂😭😭
Lyft still is in London
Wait, we are the customers, why can't we do something about this? Theresa May kill TFL off now. Why do we even need this stupid agency? If there's a problem with the company, get a class action lawsuit (that is ALL you need, and some investigators - THAT'S IT), if the company is surcharging somehow or abusing its power, then do the same - prohibiting somebody is just screwing the rest of us while the black cabbies get to charge us through the roof because they don't want to actually work for their money.
Feel sorry for the diver this happened is Austin and lots lost there jobs
uber got 20 million customers and 800k drivers and staff but their petition signed by 300k .
Islamic migrant uber drives rape and assault woman.  I think we know what the real problem is.
MadeInTyo would not be proud.
I don't care London isn't even in Britain anymore
True cost of cheap price. Corporations that cut corners and do not abide by the law should be and must be punished.
Boo hoo. A tax dodging company with a multi-millionaire at the helm doesn't get the rub of the green for once.\nPersonally, I'd love to see them go out of business. They're basically a loan shark company. If you want to be a cab driver, apply for a licence, learn the knowledge and be a proper cab driver.
Fuck black cabs they over charge and con customers that's why people use uber because they are cheaper plus tfl say that black cabs are safer but there has been more sexual assaults by Cab/taxi drivers over the years and they say black cabs are safer my arse they are just as bad as each other
Fuck tfl
mother alwy
good!
Uber drivers where dodgey
911 = war with Iran \n\n\n\n\nUBER = war with Syria ?
Good
Haha FUCK UBBER
Yes hahahahahaha
Uber rapes
Uber is shit. Good riddance
Uber was a disgrace good riddance
Well Shit
https://youtu.be/eTLf6mac5fo acid attack Stratford
Addison Lee must be delighted
Fuck off!!! Wtf?!
http://trumperssnewsfeed.com/index.php/2017/09/23/antifa-website-planning-nationwide-anarchy-on-november-4th-is-your-city-on-the-list-video/
Love it
Fuck uber
BBC FAKE NEWS
Good
Fake taxi?
Most uber drivers are poor migrants from eastern europe and middle east, it makes sense to ban Uber so locals can do traditional cab jobs for higher pay.\n\nThis also reduce the number of jobs in that sector so the migrant workers can go back to their own country.
The main reason behind the ban is the New CEO Dara Khosrowshahi. British people hate Middle East people and so is the CEO. Racism at it's peak.
I liked Uber! Cheaper, better customer service and more accessible than other services AHEM black cabs. This is unfair! I hope they win the appeal!
a step backwards for london
Someone at TFL just got a big brown envelope from the unions running the black cabs that rip us all off for double the price of UBER. So a win for the unions and the little guy gets F%$&ed again! :( and they wonder why the average guy thinks that organisations like TFL are just out of touch!
You couldnt pay me to go to London
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
If the people over in the UK want to ride in uber taxis, they should be free to do so. If the women fear being raped by an uber driver, they will stop using their services and uber will go out of business due to lack of customers. From what I understand, there are actually less rapes and sexual assaults reported against uber drivers than there are with your black cab drivers. This shows it's all about money and power. Apparently the owner of black cab has influence with the government to shut down his competition that is offering a service at a lower price.
Surely no-one can possibly gain that much power to send 40,000 people into unemployment in such short notice!
So Uber are paying Youtube to put these stories on trending? There's 3 of them, come on. This really isn't a big deal. \nI would say it ucks for the immigrant Uber driver, cuz they will have to go back maybe but to be fair London seems a seperate community to the rest of England so maybe they can stay and just claim benefits like their wives probably do. \nLet's hope this gets sorted out, we wnt peoplpe from wherever working
It's funny because nothing matters.
Good optics for cops. Coptics \nTramping an old white lady. 🤦‍♀️
This is the best video I've seen in quite some time.
I like you. You are less of a liar than other people.
Only news I watch. Thank you.
Yeah, add me to the list of people who think this denouncing of Colbert is bullshit. This is why the left is in such shambles right now: we're apparently really trying to beat the Christian right at being the most sanctimonious, morally rigid, holier-than-thou people on the face of the fucking planet. Stephen Colbert dedicates a solid, unbroken ten minutes every weeknight to railing in detail against this monstrous administration, but now because he did a stupid awards show bit he's public enemy number one? I won't begrudge anyone for having a problem with what Colbert did--I personally thought there was nothing wrong with it--but guys, please, for the love of all that is still good and wholesome on this wasted planet, PICK YOUR FUCKING BATTLES!!! Maybe DON'T waste time condemning someone who's clearly trying to do their part in furthering the cause of righteousness and decency because their Emmys banter wasn't quite progressive enough for your standards. I dislike wishy-washy liberalism as much as the next democratic socialist, but if Stephen fucking Colbert is too right-wing to join our club then we're never going to get anywhere.
Cunt no longer means vagina. Cunt means cops. Cops are cunts.\n\nOh, not all cops you say? Then where are the good ones telling off these cunts? Seems to me if you don't do anything about it, you're a cunt too. If it works for Muslims and accusing them of being terrorists, it can work for the cunts.
Thanks for making me laugh instead of cry about the absolute shit show we live in.
This episode brings me back to reality, I don't like that
Cody, I live for this show. So well written. You are excellent in it. Whole thing is 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Cracked is on fire lately. As they release more content in different genres, I hope soon I can just come to Cracked for ALL my entertainment needs.
so the american people are in debt by over 1 trillion dollars do to student loans witch is kinda crippling them in there 20's 30's and 40's but fuck it we want more tanks and aircraft carriers(we have fucking 11 already), ohh and those new F-35 that suck and cant fly right.
didn't the cop have to shoot the guy because he pointed a gun at the cop....?
I like everything he says but can we get a living person to say it?
Please do this weekly. Really loving these videos from from you guys.
I'm not sure how you can separate cause vs correlation when saying that the war on terror was what increased terrorist attacks.\nOther than that, awesome video, as always! I wish there was this kind of mix of satire and actual information on my country.
Why the fuck are Americans not rising up to fight this shit??? Are they that fucked they can't even fight for their own freedom.
I look forward to watching Some News every week. Between this and John Oliver...
I literally really on this weekly for some of my news like if u agree
Can we please declare a war on education and universal healthcare in the US? When we declared a war on drugs, drugs use skyrocketed. When we declared a war on terror, terrorism enrollment skyrocketed. I just want to test a theory.
And no one will know any of this.
i lost twenty years of my life just from the stress
I think these are valid points but I agree with the comments saying that the appearance is kind of an admission of guilt also this is an example of the left being divided and arguing with itself. Even if you slightly disagree with what Colbert did for ratings he isn't the problem with our country right now; he's ultimately on the right side of history.
Who was the last US President that wasn't a war criminal? Calvin Coolidge?
YOU HAVENT SEEN ANY POLICE ACADEMY MOVIES?!?!\n😑
damn. Pile O'Slugs 2020
These segments should be uploaded to the Library of Congress for posterity. Post-modern muckraking at its finest.
cracked should change it's name to cucked
It's the big cash out kids! Politicians trying to Ram this through have already been paid and don't give a f*** they get elected again. It's the big cash out. 23 years from now most of these guys will be kicking back on an island that's a little bit taller and will take longer to sync and they are going to do it with the blood of your loved ones! And they're going to take it to the people and they're going to say it's for the people and this is what the people want!.... Do you know what the worst part is? At some point soon they're going to get it.\nThen the 7 trillion dollar tax cut happens and America will be broke. Chips swept off the table.
I like this show
Colbert needs to stop with the trump stuff. Maybe not completely but if every five minutes he is bringing it up it is just boring.
this is the best summation I have seen of it yet - liberals think the news is a TV show. that's exactly how it is. great job as usual, Cody, I love watching these! this might be the best attempt at actual objective review of events we have easy access to.
I finally realized that I'm what ever political inclination title it is where you generally just don't like whichever political party is in office. I used to think it was called being a conservative. Can we call it the Ostrich party where I realize since 2000 I've just wanted to put my head in the ground, yet in retrospect I'm missing both Bush and Obama...
The current Left is complacent and your review of their actions is refreshing. Being self aware is a step in the right direction. Keep up the good work.
Spicer was invited to be mocked. Come on.
God i hate living in this Godforsaken century
The end, the end got me so good. Guys, it's true, Bush did do ni
You mean the same pope who put down Trump for building a wall while having one around his own personal city!
One of those passwords looked like a pocket dial, the other looked like a password.  But I don't think there's proof, is there?  Let's not stoop to the level of the current administration.
literally the best news show there is, besides Chapo. Or Jacobin. And Tarfu Report.
Is this a joke?
This was great! Cody might be my new favorite!
This show is so fucking good that it's made me retroactively enjoy Cody Johnston's performances in videos I used to hate whenever I rewatch them.
Who is this we you speak of, white man? I don't watch the Emmys. Or Colbert. Or ... any TV news. Don't have time for the lies and the garbage.
Thank you for reporting on the police brutality in STL. Would definitely appreciate seeing reports that highlight resistance to the cops, gentrification and other crimes of poverty, pollution and racism
Article tip:  If your title is framed as a question and it can be answered in a yes or no, rewrite your fucking title, you hack.
It's pretty shit that you are literally painting the entire police profession with a broad and hugely generalised brush. I generally enjoy this segment but you can fuck right off for that. There are bad cops. There are problems in policing. And we need to call those out. But cops in general are a force for good. A force that keeps your ass safe. Men and women who would die for you. Destroy their lives for you. You have no inkling of what it's like to wear that uniform. To hold that responsibility. To constantly be shit on for the actions of a minority. So yeah. Fuck off.
I love Colbert as well, but you are spot on Cody love your work
This was so great, so honest!!!!
I went to Alberta this summer. The weather is nice. The girls are pretty (and genetically diverse). And it's not the US. I should live there.
Fuck this show is such a great reality check. America is a goddamn dystopia at this point.
THANK YOU for saying something about flint!
You guys are fucking awesome! I SHARE ALL OF YOUR VIDEOS on Twitter, Facebook, Wahtsapp, etc.
Most politics these days amount to bread and circuses. We've gone so far into the rabbit hole that antifascists are considered as bad as nazis. When we're all supposed to be antifascists. Seeing as fascism seeks to overthrow anything even slightly democratic and discard any and all human rights.
Holly shit. They've got balls for that last two seconds... \nThis is why cracked is slowly becoming the only new source I actually trust and rely on. \nEverybody gets the irony of that right....
And here's some News! Bush did nine-elev-..
dude... steve...not as much of a fan anymore.
I dont understand what makes you think she was trampled, they walked over her, literally stepped around her, and she easily had enough time before the entire riot police came into contact. also it's not a protest when its a riot.
Maybe we are just some alien TV show
This video is fire. Don't really agree with going at Colbert, but the rest of this thing is amazing... in that it's all horrible.... damn...
That ending!  Great stuff as always guys
guess what! i clicked the bell and don't get any notifications!
I love this show. (Clarification: 'some news', not the horrible tragedy that is American President Season 45 or any of the other 'shows' mentioned in this episode might be called.)
Only episode I wasn't a fan of.
Awesome video but just a quick stat check. Can anyone confirm 3082% increase in terrorism? The only time the number 3082 appears in the reference docs is in the total worldwide deaths for OCT 2016.  Not trying to belittle the message as global acts of terrorism have been on the rise since the WOT started. \nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_terrorist_incidents
PS. Did you call your senator, Cody?
Bush did what? I gots to know:)
This is basically the best news show currently on air.
On the bright side, I learned a new word, doxing.  Thanks Cody.
wow...this is exactly what I said to my mom after she showed me the sean spicer thing
So ya gonna explain why the police uses the gun? No? Ya gonna just say cops shot a black man and go on saying the cops got rough without showing what the protesters did? \n\nP.s. ya showed what was in the 1 spray bottle. If your gonna put something bad in a spray bottle ya will try to mask it as something else
A painful amount of honesty here. Much needed honesty.\n\nBut no one wants to hear it. No one wants to have any responsibility to acknowledge the very real problems and the need to ACT. The need to focus our attention toward fixing stuff. Because we have TV. And internet. And video games. And music. Why, isn't it just so much easier to forget about how awful everything is and just wait for someone else to make it better? ... Surely someone else will fix all the problems. And all we have to do is pass some time with with absurd amounts of entertainment content to distract us and mollify us into being passive.
I'm afraid people won't call and drop this ball. :/
America, the country that believes spending money on bombs is more important then spending money on education. But then they want the electorate to be uneducated so that it's easier to get them to believe all the lies they feed them.
I am so depressed now..glad I left..BUT D$MN..why do we Americans think we are exempt from the cycles of history :-(
I'd attribute it to the flaws of celebrity culture.
I wonder at what point Cody stopped doing this because he thought it would be fun and instead a civic duty?
i love that the graphix are allowed to have comedic timing because y'all know its youtube and people can just pause stuff if they really want to read it
More funding for the military because they spend all their current funding because they find places to spend it, like replacing perfectly good equipment\n\nBut whatever it's not like that could be used to promote science, or pbs, or anything else being proposed to be reduced. Not like we could use it to improve public education. Or could just lower taxes. Or burn the bills in a power plant to get a better return on investment
Cody gets angrier and angrier with each episode.  And the content makes me sadder.  It's still my new favorite Cracked video atm; like an abbreviated, angrier Daily Show.  Thank you sir for doing the good work!
I did not know I could feel like this. I am at once disgusted by the facts and impressed by the presenting of the show. Damn, that was a good use of my 10 minutes. Made me depressed AF, but if ever there is a Youtube reality check, I wish they would all be like this.
Can you guys just go back to being funny w/o all the political commentary? K thanks.
Was this supposed to be funny? WTF is it a joke about? America its self? As a Canadian I am very confused! Which is normal. Great job 10/10 everyone.
When Capitalism goes out of rail, culture and rational thinking gets destroyed and life becomes a reality show.\n\n\n\nAnd no I'm not a fucking commie, criticizing capitalism doesn't mean loving socialism, you ignorant.
Radiation-proof cockroach for 2020
Fucking pigs man! Not all cops are pigs like not all pigs are cops! But pigs know they are pigs!
Holy shit go on Chapo Trap House
ACAB
Gore did
#pileofslugs2020
#PileOfSlugs2024
Ok
That's insulting to slugs..
stephen colbert does suck, god (i know incendiary)
Why so negative?
(202)224-3\n121
👏👏
Dang, Cracked!  Bravo!
Savage.
...so Cracked are now truthers.\n\nAt the end of all our exploring...
Embrace the best gun!
Youre fuckin shite mate 
Second
We always get best moments you should gather some fails for us
Four damn years into this shit and nobody still gets it, don't fuck with Fimis bubble
That guy tbagging at the end...
what was that mad 80s tune at the end?And. Why doesn't the Tractor gun shoot....Tractors? :(
Mega Sentinel Titan is tge Best Titan 💪👍❤😲
I hope tractor cannon becomes meta. It's so fun to use
That song sounds like a remix of the Star Wars Cantina Theme. Anyways, the tractor cannon is the perfect troll weapon for the Fun Police. I love what you do. Keep it up.
I watched Jason's yday. The bubble at the end made me spit my drink everywhere in laughter
I have never had any more fun with any weapon in any game until the tractor Cannon came along, Non-Stop hilarities and laughs
AWAY WITH YOU!!!, needs to be on a shirt with the tractor cannon
This weapon is so fun to use!! I hope everyone gets it cuz it will make things fun as hell in crucible now days lol
When you used the smg I slapped you with nice!
Hi I'm new to your channel I saw this video it made my day nice video sub and like keep up these kind of videos
Lmao that tard bagging at the end after getting humiliated
Where is my notification squad at
Lol, that gun looks like so much fun...
Making a stressful game mode fun as hell, awesome bro, keep up the good work
Holy shit I died at the end with the bagger
What’s the outro song?
Is that the pulse from the beta? If do how do you get it?
The salt is real at the end. Laugh so hard!
Sheikh you we're my inspiration to turn into a bubble titan in D1, and proud sentinel on D2!
The nova bomb clip was too funny away with you lmfao
the nova bomb guy clip made it onto Kotaku's Highlight Reel. Just as funny watching it a second time on there as it was watching it here! <3
Trials of sweet business plz
Defender is really good code of the protector for pvp
End song?
that was fun
I hope Bungie adds more guns like the Tractor gun in future DLC's. I mean, guns that don't just shoot bullets, but actually do a thing
Best videos I’ve ever seen on YouTube been watching since the chaperone release been a wonderful time
Definitely time for a Trials of Cold Heart
I love how the guy bagged at the very end after they lost 6-1
This is literally the funniest shit I've seen.
What a fun way to start my morning
One of the nicest videos I've ever seen Continued on this great work My friend
That's rough ppl don't expect that
you guys should do a run with 4 rat kings. we did a full trials card that way and it was hilarious, even managed to get a game 6-0!
I love your gameplay style it is so funny. You play like such a smart ass its funny as hell
Wubs, I played him in Quickplay GGs. Nice video as always DFP
What is the name of second song
XD amazing what players who have such a deep understanding of the game can do. Great job man.
that was too fuckin funny man. great plays.
when you die from the infamous tractor cannon.....
Hahahhahahhahaha watching them fly away like that is the best thing❤️
I love tractor Cannon I push so many people off the  map
Sheikh have you tried the the sweet business and war rig combo?
Whats the name of the second song?
lmaooooo
Music? :D
BEGONE THOT
Jajjaja q buen video
2:25 :^) luuul
Best video yet!
That warlock layin them salty nuts on your neck 😂
Awesome vid!!
Lol 😂
Wow. Just wow
DFP + ur stream = best shit on D2!
😂😂😂😂
This is great
Beautiful
I'm dying lolololol!
Kkkkkkkkk GG
232nd
First
You should have at least 2mil subs 👊🏾💯💯
@ 0:40  the style!
Awesome vid!!
Osiris Exo Puls Rifle is a Fzcking Beast !!!
1:30 He had so much fun he wasted his bubble 😂
You're so damn good that you can go flawless with the tractor cannon. Wow
Hilarious! Can I get a trials carry! Please lol PSN: gimmydaloot89
What is that pulse
Never gonna go flawless
lol
I NEED YOU to SEE THIS is this a counter gun for armor of light? Can you use it to remove the titan from his bubble
That Fimi nigga had 294 trials wins! WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Rest In Piece Chester
I keep dreaming that,  the next moment LP will come on cameras and say, it was a big prank and chester is still alive. :(
Omg Chester is singing I feel him there
Thanks you JayZ for your tribute at Chester and respect us 👍🙌💓
This is just wonderful!
I cannot help crying watching this.
Never really cared for this version, but I appreciate it way more now :(
That was beautiful. Chester we miss you.
This gave me the chills!!! \nRIP Chester
I cant listen to Chester anymore...every song just sounds more and more suicidal and that its lead to his death.Chester shouldnt have committed suicide.Its unfair for the fans especially when you knew that they loved listening to you...that enough is a reason to live.
Where's Mr Hahn? he should be scratching!!
Chesters voice is recorded!!  It is the first time!! 😞😞😢
Rip chester the one of the best
I need tissue for erase my tears
I'm crying so hard. I still can't believe he's gone. Thank you for this tribute!!!
Who else is still watching im 2017???✌✌✌✌
That's awesome. as hell Jay z doing that tribute
Poor jay..... it looks like he is crying threw out the whole song ;(
one of the best tribute
That was amazing, I enjoy listening to the remix with Linkin Park and Jay Z. Give this man around of appluase, he deserved it. Chester would be proud!
God it sounds like he's right there singing... fuck man..
Im pretty sure that LP is proud of this dedicated. RIP Chester 4ever in my memory
Is it just me crying over here ;_;
The way he's holding the mic. 🖤
Scrolled through the comments for a couple minutes and didn't see any negative comments. Proud of you guys
Jay-Z and Linkin Park's collaboration is one of the best collabs ever! So EPIC! 👍👍👍 Missing you Chester! 😢😭
His eyes are closed, he's totally focused, and in his element. You can tell he genuinely is dedicating this to Chester, he is in the zone. I have only respect. Thank you Jay for showing much love. I felt this.
WHAT A BEST WAY TO SAY REST IN PEACE TO THE LEGEND CHESTER FROM ANOTHER LEGEND.\nRESPECT JAY-Z
Not a fan of Jay Z or even rap music at all, but this was awesome. It took me back and gave me the chills. Very cool of Jay Z.
Damn it so sad Chester Bennington it gone it a Legend
Who are the dislikes?
Jay Z is crying through the whole thing
Chester saved many lights but no one saved his
Linkin Park is still the best band ever
I miss Chester so much💔
I thought i can hear it without crying - i failed
If you loved Chester too like this.
One of my favorite songs
rip chester. respect for jayz
I literally cried...
Made me cry again 😢😢😢
Я рад они аеонклись
Grand openin', grand closin'
Nice
😍😍
His voicccceee
Sweet
Damn the feels
♡♡♡♡
Chester 😢
Always been my shit
<3 Jay Z <3
Fuck Life
Mad respect to Jay Z.
Shitty ass music
Stupid onions
Heartbreaking 💔
Best Tribute to Chester :(
Legendary.
Rip chester begninton
Foda' Lacro.
☝💪👊✊✌......1❤.....................
RESPECT.
Foda
Old school  wow
Rare
Excellent tribute
Wow! Just got the chills. RIP Chester.
Good
R.I.P. Chester
Thank you jayz
💖💖💖💖💖
❤️✌🏼
Damn
Pow legal
😢😢
❤❤👏👏👏👏👏
My respect M.Jay-Z
Pelotudos
Likin park 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘 brasil
Wow.
RIP Chester
😢😥😢😥
Czarny syffff
Bless
Amazing!
RIP Chester <3
Damn!, Chester Part make me goosebump.. Good Goodbye Legend :(
😔😢❤️👼🏻
Maestroooo 🙏
Все песни без него теперь пусты .....😖.Спокойна ли там душа его теперь......?
Rest in Peace Chester ❤💋
Speachless
Nah men que asco de cantante
ahy cansiones que estan mejor sin que les cambien la letra es una obra de arte pero grasias una leyenda nunca se debe olvidar
Siempre es un gusto escuchar a linkin para con Chester!!!!!!for ever
the same Jay Z from that 2004, in California with Chester .. god *PLEASE* give back to us Chester for a moment only to hear his voice again.. i dont wanna cry again😢😔 Thank you Jay and your team for this tribute.\n\n Miss you so much father Bennigton, you'll be forever in our hearts.\n\nRest in peace warrior!
BEAUTIFUL ❤❤
Last time I heard this song was the day Chester died, before (I knew) he died.
I've got more lyrical talent in my left nut, hes one of those rappers that should stay in the booth, stay hiding well behind reggie
This American Veteran Family is Boycotting NFL!
Why are taxpayers subsiding corporations? Pay for your own stadiums! Pay the same taxes I do! This cronyism needs to end.
I'd be very interested to know what those kneeling are doing about the issues that they are trying draw attention too when the cameras are not on them.  Quite frankly I'm tired of listening too actors, athletes, and entertainers take stands when they lead the most privileged of lives that society has to offer and on the whole do so very little to give back or payback.  #hypocrites
Inside these lines, millionaire rapists, thugs and traitors run around and hit each other for the entertainment of castrated cucks. No thanks. Can't wait for the NFL to go bankrupt.
Unity? What a joke. Why wouldn't the NFL let the Cowboys wear a decal supporting the Dallas police?\n\nhttps://sportsday.dallasnews.com/dallas-cowboys/cowboys/2016/08/10/nfl-allow-dallas-cowboys-wear-arm-arm-decal-helmets-games
I have always loved football. I lived out of state from my home team my entire adult life and still felt like they were my team. I'm not fair weather. I'm die hard, born and raised. \n\nI stopped watching a lot of the games and didn't go to any for the last few years. I was very disappointed in the lack of response from the NFL on domestic violence. I was really upset by taxpayer funded and subsidized profits. I was just overall let down. I'm a huge fan. And the NFL is pretty consistent on dgaf about women fans. I was the one bringing friends and my husband to the game. I was the fan in the house and in my friend group.\n\nI applaud and am cautiously enthusiastic about this and the support for free speech that I have seen in the last week. Truthfully, I find it upsetting and typical that owners, coaches, the organization had nothing to say or were negative in their response where it concerned black men dying at the hands of state funded employees, who are NOT hired to be judge, jury, and executioner in a matter of minutes or seconds, but are hired to protect and serve (lack of training and faulty procedure are to blame, in part. Our systemic racism and lack of education on privilege and our history and how it is still happening right now is getting more to the root of it). \n\nIt is upsetting that no one had much to say about unity until the black men they knew were personally and profanely attacked by Trump. He is the President. And he is spending his time in this way, between attacking others and golf games, he's made the NFL a target. He has been this all his life. And doubled down during the election. And many NFL owners, coaches, players, were supporters. How you didn't see this coming is unbelievable to me. But. Here we are. And I am happy to see the NFL kneel for free speech. I am happy to see his divisiveness called out. I'm a bit disappointed you didn't do it until the black men you personally know were called names. The black men you didn't know were murdered and you had nothing to say. But that is the way privilege has always worked. Always. It's predictable. But I didn't expect the NFL to stand and kneel together in the way that happened this weekend and I acknowledge it, despite it's predictable faults. \n\nAs for Trump and his bad ratings rants, I'm watching and I'll get to a game this season. I'm proud of your support of free speech and protest. It was a priority for this nation when it was founded. It's in the constitution for very good reasons. At the time and throughout our history. I'm giving you a chance again. Thank you for standing and kneeling  for what is right. And for not remaining silent when a bully tried to fuck with your teammates. It took awhile. Don't ghost them. \n\nI've loved football for as long as I can remember. It's not more important to me than peoples' lives. So let's see some doubledown on helmet and head injury research. Get your game together on supporting your players and fans of all colors and genders. And keep being a unifying organization. I'm here. And this is a start. It's a really great start.
notice that in the ad, when it shows a team on the sidelines, the players are standing
Awesome! It's about time people stood up for what's right in this country. We are this country. Our flag is us. My father fought in this country for ALL Americans Proudly . He was white but America is all colors under one flag. If you don't beleave that your not a true American. The flag or the anthem isn't the problem. The problem is the President who has no respect for all Americans by being a white supremacist and any one who disagrees with him, well...you see how he has to throw a fit like a three year old who wants his way because he has been told The King is naked. At least he must think he's king because as an American and not an American who's had their blood spilled like my family. Our flag nor our country has been disrespected or instead of a knee down they'd turn their backs. I think it's an awesome way to show the President himself we are one and do not want to be divided by Nazis, KKK or white supremacist or those hate groups who support him including him being supportive to these hate groups. We are still along way from equality for more groups then people of color, transgender, woman's rights and more but we've come a long way and we've worked had toward a better future. Why would anyone support a President who's trying to tear up what bright future moving forward and being all under one flag? He not bringing us together to be one proud country, he's doing everything at every petty opportunity to spew twisted hateful things and looks for someone to stroke his ego. He's more concerned about tearing us apart then all of us working together, respecting our differences and honoring and celebrating that. A good president would se us as ONE nation under God, all of us. To stand united. After all we are the United States. He could put his little pettiness on the side you'd think and help this country. Help those in the Hurricanes, help the people of our great country to not die because of the health crisis. Who cares if it's Obama or something else, figure out a way to help not hurt, divide and destroy!
What piano riff/song is this?
At this point all I see is the NFL letting politics get in the way of sports. I don't tune in to watch players take a knee,hold up a arm or anything else. I watch to forget about all the BS going on outside those stadium walls. These players have so many other platforms available to them to get their views outs. The field should not be a platform for these whining ass players to spout their opinions or anything else. They are being paid to do their jobs not give their opposition. Shut Up, Stand Up, and Do Your Job. #RogerGoodell #NFL #StandUpAndShutUp # DoYourJob#YourFired
You people who are so gung ho on America please watch the documentary “The Tillman Story”. A man and former NFL player who got screwed over and killed for his sincere belief for fighting for this country. He was a man who believed just like you. But never would his family believe that this government, who is supposed to be the embodiment and goodness of what the flag stands for would stoop so low as to cover up and not give straightforward answers relating to his death. And there are so many other examples besides him that I could be here for days. So, you can hype up ol’ glory all you want but until justice is served for him and others by some individuals in government who want to step up and really represent what you think the flag is, but really isn’t, but should be I suggest you just keep watching football and stop being so gullible about what this country and flag represent. Because at the end of the day when the you know what hits the fan, unless it benefits “them” it ain’t YOU they represent as Pat and his family unfortunately found out. That’s how you know it mostly has nothing to do with race but more with keeping their individual interests at the forefront. Unfortunately, to them for that reason Pat and anyone else was/is expendable. Wake up!
I was used to respect NFL. No more.
Inside these lines will soon be no more players because these morons have ruined the game.  The NFL IS NOW DEAD!
American Football is boring as hell. 5 hours of watching a game that plays for 30seconds then stops for 5 minutes because some geezer drops the ball. The least fluid, most stop and start sports game
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
I want sports to help me escape the World and it's bullshit. Now sports is forcing said bullshit on us.
You piss me off that we cannot share this without having to come back here... fucking NFL
Until you cross the line > https://youtu.be/bId3_OEl9G4
I just became a NFL fan. Fuck the dotard
Sports is the most unifying thing in the world. You know there's a real problem when politics become involved. These men don't get paid extra or get a bonus for kneeling for that anthem.. so why don't we try addressing their problem? The POTUS is ruining the progress we made in the last 20-30 years.
This video doesn't say anything that addresses racism. Needs an end title like The NFL is committed to racial equality or a statement like that. Too wishy-washy.
9/24/17 - Just like that, 47 Million Americans said F**K the NFL
#TakeTheKnee ✊🏽🇺🇸
Congratulations to the Jacksonville Jaguars. Today you protested the flag of the only country to fight a war to end slavery and honored the flag of the very country that brought Africans to the Americas. As slaves. The Darwin awards are going to have a lot of competition this year
46 years ago my first job was with the NFL. I am done watching grown man knelling before our National Anthem.  The NFL just lost my support.
Does the NFL really want to double down to fail a straight-face test?  This ad is just laughable from a league that normalizes violence (domestic abuse, crime, etc.), whose execs cover up the brain damage resulting from relentless hits and one with a longstanding history of early deaths. Best to let these out-of-control leagues die their own death, and quickly, I hope.  This latest self-indulgence from players, who probably can't even string two sentences together about the actual history of the Stars Spangled Banner, is nothing more than the loud cry of ceasing to be relevant (can someone say empty stadiums and declining ticket sales).  I am not down on football altogether, my family watches select college games where players have real heart -- funny how that happens when you put love of the game first and don't live in some ridiculous circus born of eight figure salaries.
I'd still like to know how this display has changed anything. It hasn't. We still have people rioting in St Louis two years after Ferguson. So you can kneel, demonstrate all you want but how about take action and go do something in your communities. It seems to me this kneeling is an easy way out and a way for players to get their 5 minutes of fame on ESPN. It accomplishes nothing except for irritating 1/2 of the country. The media does a fine job on bringing racial Injustices to our attention, I don't think NFL players heightened awareness, just irritated people more.
Apparently not every one of your employees got the memo that today was disrespect America, cops, and the military day at the NFL.  FYI, today is also Gold Star Mothers Day.  Good job timing your childish sit in on a day that honors the mothers of members of our military who gave all so that these ungrateful scum bags can disrespect their sacrifices.\n\n\nhttps://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2017/9/24/16357738/alejandro-villanueva-u-s-army-veteran-lone-steeler-on-field-national-anthem
Inside those lines, they are not gods to be worshiped. Most of  these people owning, playing and watching these games, are to embarrassed to praise the Lord Jesus, who created them and died for their sins, so that they would be able to have eternal life, the greatest gift in the universe.  But they all worship a game, and mere men that run around with a ball. Most players and fans, yell, scream, fight, and act like idiots, and they are not embarrassed to do any of that. \nRoger Goodell NFL Commissioner said that President Trump's comments drew sharp criticism among professional athletes, and who called Trump’s remarks “divisive.” No, it was not President Trump's remarks that were divisive, no, the kneeling players, have all caused divisiveness, long before President Trump said anything. These players are disrespectful and defiant, just like the protesters on the streets. They can try and hide behind their outfits and the NFL,  but none of that will do them any good. All the one's who are disrespectful, defiant and dividers, have already come out, all over the United States, in every area of life. And the dividing lines are from the Lord Jesus, the King of Kings. Be very careful what you are doing, and who you are following, for these are the end of the last days.....\nMatthew 25:31-46New King James Version (NKJV)\nThe Son of Man Will Judge the Nations\n31 “When the Son of Man comes in His glory, and all the holy angels with Him, then He will sit on the throne of His glory. 32 All the nations will be gathered before Him, and He will separate them one from another, as a shepherd divides his sheep from the goats. 33 And He will set the sheep on His right hand, but the goats on the left. 34 Then the King will say to those on His right hand, ‘Come, you blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world: 35 for I was hungry and you gave Me food; I was thirsty and you gave Me drink; I was a stranger and you took Me in; 36 I was naked and you clothed Me; I was sick and you visited Me; I was in prison and you came to Me.’\n37 “Then the righteous will answer Him, saying, ‘Lord, when did we see You hungry and feed You, or thirsty and give You drink? 38 When did we see You a stranger and take You in, or naked and clothe You? 39 Or when did we see You sick, or in prison, and come to You?’ 40 And the King will answer and say to them, ‘Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did it to one of the least of these My brethren, you did it to Me.’\n41 “Then He will also say to those on the left hand, ‘Depart from Me, you cursed, into the everlasting fire prepared for the devil and his angels: 42 for I was hungry and you gave Me no food; I was thirsty and you gave Me no drink; 43 I was a stranger and you did not take Me in, naked and you did not clothe Me, sick and in prison and you did not visit Me.’\n44 “Then they also will answer Him,[b] saying, ‘Lord, when did we see You hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison, and did not minister to You?’ 45 Then He will answer them, saying, ‘Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did not do it to one of the least of these, you did not do it to Me.’ 46 And these will go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into eternal life.”
Considering the NFL has a contract with the pentagon to promote the RW version of military patriotism, I sincerely doubt we'll see a true philosophical discussion regarding constitutional patriotism from a league that's sold it's soul for riches. I see a conflict of prayer circles on a field devised and promoted by money changers at the expense of it's gladiators. I'm ashamed to have played the game in college.
Games > National Symbols\nIf you think that you have played too much football
If people should stand for an anthem, then why shouldn't people stand and pray to God Almighty? Taking God out of everything is where it's all went wrong.😇
Too bad these narcissist millionaires will never discuss what the protests are supposed to be about. https://www.blackandblondemedia.com/2017/09/23/kneeling-players-need-look-mirror-insulting-trump/
NFL, people won’t see this video if you keep blocking other sites from embedding it. Fix yourself
NFL players and owners now acting like Hollywood a-holes.  Just a bunch of millionaire malcontents espousing leftist, anti-American politics.  Take away their money, and the media limelight, and they're nothing more than a bunch of immature, spoiled, wife-beating men who get together, dress up in uniforms, and then play a kid's game.
Fuck the NFL
#BoycottNFL
Laughable.
✊️✊🏻✊🏼✊🏽✊🏾✊🏿
Lol everyone triggered
This deep af mad respect
7 months ago. Trending...
62 subs xD
All of these people who are mad at the NFL be mad at yourself for refusal if to grow beyond what you were taught. Have fun bowling, eating, or watching some other shows during football season. Just remember it's only a small amount of you guys. Y'all are dumb as hell if you think the entire world feels the way you do. I also would like to know have you tried your racism ( you know name calling and such) blatantly in the face of some of these black ppl you claim you hate? The NFL will gain more fans than they will lose them. #ignorant #goodbye
Dr. Lonnie Liston Smith
This debate should be between the corporations and their customers. I just wish I didn't have to give them a dime. That's why the true answer is to ABOLISH ALL TAX CUTS AND CRONYISM THEY GET. Let them pay for their own stadiums. We should charge them retroactively. No hotel taxes should go to these race enablers. Make it illegal for local governments to bribe these teams to set up shop or do spring training. Take it all away. Let it be a free market. Let the consumers reject these asshole nigger lovers.
INSIDE THESE LINES are a bunch of senseless, self-centered, childish millionaire malcontents who have no respect for the country that gave them the opportunity be where they are at.
Please don't act as if Trump has caused this problem, it has been going on since last year. People have been arguing about it since it first began. It's sad that people don't seem to understand that yes, they have a right to their own beliefs and opinions but what they don't have the right to do is disrespect the paying customer. They can do it on their own time on their own dime. Our home for one will be boycotting the NFL and any other sports league that thinks they can belittle the people in my family that have served in the military.
Inside these lines all view points are welcome and we respect each other. Just make sure your viewpoint isn't excessively conservative or we have to fire you... but disrespecting the flag, praising terrorists, beating your wife, children.. thats all good of course.
Boycott the NFL.
#BoycottNFL #BoycottNFLSponsors Disrespecting our flag and country will not stand!!
I won't be watching tonight's game or NFL network for some time after what I just saw the Jags and Raven's do during the anthem.  I'll probably just go bowling instead.
NFL sucks now
This is good. https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1891423541122018/
How dare you put Pat Tillman in this video. Do you think Pat Tillman would condone these people taking knees and disrespecting the flag he died for? Disgusting
Slightly off topic...\n\nCurious. Why is it that many players for the Ravens and Jags took a knee during the playing of the national anthem of the United States, yet stood for the national anthem of the United Kingdom? It seems strange to me that these players would kneel for the anthem of the nation that gives them (and anyone) the freedom to be employed in a multi-million dollar business, and allowing them to live their lives as they see fit, yet stand for the anthem that enslaved most of their ancestors, and most of the continent of Africa. \n\nOn a personal note, I find it appalling that these people are making a spectacle of themselves for misguided reasons at best. These people take a knee for 'police brutality'? Read crime statistics and you'll notice that more whites are shot by police than blacks are, and for the number of blacks shot by police to be equal to whites it would take law enforcement about 40 years at current rates to become equal. If you look at statistics, people of all races get shot by police for not following simple instructions. You want to resist arrest and fight the cops? You want to shoot at a cop? You want to try to run from a cop? Yeah, good luck with that.\n\nFurthermore, why is it that 13% of the population (Which is more like 7% since black women generally don't murder) responsible for 51% of the murders in the US? Why is it that a black man is 80% more likely to be murdered by another black man? In just the city of Chicago from 2001-2010 there have been nearly 7500 blacks murdered by other blacks. Think about that. More black people have been killed by other blacks, than all the soldiers that have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan in the same amount of time.\n\nIf these players were taking a knee as a way of showing the problems in the black community, I would a little less appalled about their actions. \n\nHowever whilst I agree they have the right to protest, the president has the same right to call them out on it. Also keep in mind the 1st Amendment only applies to the government, not private industry. If I did something along the same lines at my place of employment, I would probably have my company lose 50% of its customers, or customers that I dealt with on a personal level, then I would be fired, and for a good reason.  The only reason this commercial is a thing, is simply due to the fact, behind closed doors, the NFL is feeling the heat, and/or beginning to shit their pants. The NFL ratings and sales are down over the last 3 seasons. When the NFL, and broadcasters, (CBS in particular) lose $200 million in advertising revenue alone, in just a few weeks into the season, you know the shit is hitting the fan. Look at the last Thursday night game as an example. There were tons of empty seats. Hell, tickets were being sold for as low at $17. This commercial is a weak attempt at best to try to quell the rising anger many Americans are feeling from the politically left, and the social justice warriors.
All it took was a 71 year old man to turn a bunch of manly football players into wimpy whiny girly boys\n\nI won't pay my hard earned money to be putting up with this. \n\nI want to be entertained, not lectured by a bunch of spoiled bazillionaires.
I wonder how many of these America-loving military-loving people supported Trump? The same guy that's a noted draft dodger. The same guy that said of John McCain and other POW's I like people who weren't captured. The same guy that attacked a gold star family (the Khan's). And the same guy that defends the confederacy (a bunch of traitors to the flag that he now claims to love).
Unity?  How are you promoting unity when you allow your spoiled ingrate millionaires to attack the very people who are providing a safe and secure venue for them to play in?  The message they are sending is this: cops lives do not matter, if a criminal is black he can kill a cop any time he wants.  That's the message the NFL has now adopted.  You absolutely suck and I hope the NFL goes bankrupt.
Ignore the spoiled child that couldn't get in with the cool kids and protest as much as you'd like.
Hello friend I am like and subscribe your video channel please subscribe my channel
Pat Tillman would not appreciate the use of his image to promote disrespecting, anti-American sons of bitches.
Football is a form of entertainment. I resent having to put up with political football. There is a place for dissent. It has no place on the field whether it is refusing to enter the field while the anthem plays or as players take a knee. If I wanted politics I'd know exactly where to go. Since it has now entered the stadium I refuse to participate in the division it has engendered.
The NFL is shit!
Worthless if they think that will change my mind about gutless cowards disrespect the flag, the anthem, the government, police and the military the NFL is dead wrong, I am telling my friends all this can be protested before the game or after the game, the NFL does not have to do it during the national anthem. If the want a protest find do it some other time, but since the damage is done and we now know the NFL and their players are anti-American then that leaves this veteran no other choice but to boycott the NFL. After a loosing season of revenues the they may come to their senses and figure another way players can voice their opinion, but not during the national anthem if they hate America that much they need to leave. Boycott the NFL, which will stand for Not For Long.
NFL games are big service businesses.  It is the patrons/fans that patronize their services and products that made them big.  Soon or later the NFL  Team owners and management will realize their bottom line is going down because clients are getting insulted and will become discontent whenever NFL players show disrespect to our Flag and  National Anthem.
Just realize who pays your salaries. Not Trump, you are pissing off the American people, best of luck in your protests, but the fans will decide the fate of the NFL. I can learn to like rugby.
Love that video.  The end was on point.
Lol... Why is kneeling disrespectful when practicing your right to protest is the American way but waving the confederate flag which stands for treason  is not disrespectful to the America!? We fought, black and white for freedom to express ourselves and now that's disrespectful? A lot of yall need to do yall homework. Yall crying tears over the wrong things. The first person she'd their blood for America was a BLACK MAN. There's nothing wrong with protesting by kneeling. People are actually more upset about these quiet peaceful protest then they were about the confederate flags and monuments being removed. They talk about criminals who hate the police and the  confederate flag celebrates criminals who can't get over that they lost.
Screw the NFL
After watching the NFL every weekend for the last 30 years, we are finished with the NFL and will never watch a game or buy a ticket again.  They can choose to protest whatever they want, and we can choose to not watch or attend games.  Everyone I know who was an NFL fan is doing the same.  Members of two clubs I belong to have also demanded that NFL games not be played in the bars.  This is the beginning of the end of the NFL.
GO NFL. FUCK DONALD TRUMP.
Yeah, NFL (National Felons League), preach unity while practicing division and defending those who hate America, the police, and those who died defending it.  That's certainly a winning ticket.
The NFL doesn't hold a monopoly on Blacks and Whites getting along. Disgusting ad.
Trump 2020
NFL disrespects the AMERICAN GROUND they stand on--ANTI AMERICAN FILTH
Dope 💯❌💯
The NFL is kind of a cultural institution. I don't think that Trump can win a fight with them. Presidents come and go, but football is forever.
I just watched this ad & I have to wonder why are these players disrespecting America?\nDo they even know why they are disrespecting America?
GOOD ON YOU, NFL!!  GOOD ON ROGER GOODELL!!  THANK YOU FOR THIS!  Now, let's demand an end to innocent Americans being shot and killed on our streets.
Trump threw gasoline on a simmering racial fire. The unity between players, owners and hopefully fans can put it out. Don't let him poison sports with his phony flag waving. Real men are not threatened by peaceful protest.
Sadly, Trump seems to have once again divided the poor people in America who need good, affordable health care, education and opportunity. While Trump sparks controversy about statues and anthems, Congress continues to let down the people who need a good government to make their lives better.
Inside these lines, we don't have to spend a dime of our money to you arrogant, overpaid, entitled, disrespectful idiots. Interesting that that video didn't show one clip of the players kneeling during anthem, if you're so proud of it, why wasn't it in the video? #BOYCOTTNFL
TOTAL BS
Today is the worst day ever, not only both of my teams lost, but politics is in sports and I fucking hate that, stick to sports. Awesome commercial by the NFL.
Good, let the whole damn stadium sit until that childish, hot head of a president is out of office!
Savage answer to pundits who still don't get it
The president needs to work on making America great again! So far, he's not doing such a good job!
I just want to take a moment here and say that I LOVE cum
I'm not a football fan but I have nothing but respect for the players that are protesting. The way the NFL is backing them makes me think better of them as an organization. #Resist
This is a wise response to the divisive influence of the Man who occupies the White House...who should know better.
What is the song on this commercial?
Where is the mercurial 😂😂😂
ronaldo says at 6:03 the guy is actually nice(talented) he knows (what he's doing)
ronaldo how lucky are u but great video
Who loves these videos sub to me for some top bins bangers
when were you going to finish top drawers
Whattt i was so sure this was fake
After the video Ronaldo is like he fuckin sucks
thats so cool that u got to meet him
goal is goal my friend
I think I felt more nervous watching on how Ronaldo would react to your videos than you hahah
The next time you see Ronaldo tell him I said hi and my real name is Andrew
I'd prob just cry honestly. like Idk how I'd talk...
https://bitconnect.co/?ref=chapin73 invest you money in bitcoin here is my link
I accidentally disliked the video , so I tried to like it , but I pressed on the dislike again and again nervously , my intention was to remove the first dislike  , and I pressed the like 3 times in the end , .. LOL , Hala Madrid  :)
6:24 the guy on the right has the face of a horse, thank me.
Ronaldo is nice in real life
This is honestly one of the best videos to watch, well done chris keep meeting your idols and doing well you deserve it!
5:30 Ronaldo : goalkeeper was your friend right .LOL
Ronaldo said in Portuguese at 06:04 = The kid plays cool. He has skills ( Joga fixe o gajo...ele tem, ele sabe). \nMan cristiano Ronaldo saying this !!! what a compliment!! keep the hard work man.
You filmed on my birthday!!!⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
O my god it's really he
4:55 ronaldo said: He's artist, fuck
I swear Ronaldo knows what's up a goal is what matters !
OMg this is so fake. Good try fooling me though
OMG it's my dream to Met one day Ronaldo Like him
“When you score a goal my friend, it’s always 3” \n\nSiiiiiiiiiii! It honestly really is lol
I'd have a semi
4:43 she stopped the questions because she knew full well that this guy can’t dribble and has no right to give dribbling advice lol
lol, iverson said that because journalist provoked by saying that he miss practice. iverson is a lazy ass player who don't like practice, but he is awesome anyway. cr7 fail
Wow ronaldo is so safe, what a legend!
LUKAKUUUUUU,HE IS ARE BELGIAN SCORING GENIUS,HE GOT 24 EACH PENIS,SCORING ARE GOALSSSSSS
who cares ronaldo is a human being all he does is kick a ball in a net you people are so deluded
Hey guys this is my new channel I have just brought out my first video it’s a podcast format about football, please take 2 minutes of your time to watch the video. Thanks!
That's amazingggg
all these other ex-fifa youtubers making disses and shit, meanwhile ChrisMD talkin to Ronaldo
Awkward
Lucky
Man i stell don't belive that you thed see Cristiano Ronaldo waw 👍👍👍👍
Out
Joshua same
Lucky
6:04 he says :This dude was awesome😂
Goel is goel su true :D
Ronaldo is so fucking hot 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Good vid chris
Thought this was gonna be clickbait rofl
Ronald
Did anyone else notice that Ronaldo was manspreading throughout the entire video?
I wonder if this comment can get to 1K likes?
I probably would have fainted as I saw him enter the room...
This is so cool thought it was fake
Im portuguese and he said in portuguese that you are honestly good! ;) Your lucky ahah
When he spoke in portuguese at the end he was saying That you were actually really nice ;)
MAD TING
OMGGG I LOVEE
Chris I was at the match on the when you showed the clip of shooting good goal
Naaah...!!! I WAN'T TO SEE CR7!!!! You are fucking luckiest guy on this planet :) Nice video Chris! :D
Hey, congrats on the video. I'm portuguese so just to let you know Cristiano said The guy was cool! at 6:03
Cr7 the goat
i thought that was fake!
Thor The Dark World Soundtrack. Nice
im from portugal and never saw ronaldo in real life :c
I fucking hate Ronaldo hes a fucking bitch, and yea i dont like barca i like LiverpoolFC best team ever<3
The key to good dribbling is practice
Rondo bro you know what to do with the same time as the most beautiful thing is a great way to go out with the best football player
I still think Leo messi is the best BUT BUT BUT having said that, Man this guy Cr7 is just so amazing. An interview with leo would not have been this much fun. ''GK was your frnd''  ''wheres mercurial'' hahahaa Lololol rofl hahaha #amazing#cr7
He just said a whole lot of swear words in portuguese
6:04 Ronaldo Said that by the way the guy play cool.
ronaldo is a hero
where're the mercurials? xD
ronaldo is trying so hard to care. champ! :)
he just met a god
Lmao “where are the mercurials?”
First 2min bullshit
Cr7😱! no way
omg
wtf
Stay humble keep it real. Yeahh man!!
omg❤❤❤❤❤❤
😱😰😍😍😍😍😍
Cheers from Portugal mate! :D
😍😍😍😍😍😋😚😚😚😚😚🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪❤️❤️
wow
Lol ronaldo
itis graite sametaime
Than ronaldo
hes a dickhead
YOUR THE BEST
are u CRAZYYYYYYYYY 😲😲😲🔥😲
Lucky
Woooow I thought its fake
Chris what means md? Bro!!
Ronaldo Biggest Fan Base In The World !
I hate Ronaldo and always will
Dream come true well done for keeping your cool
Wow
3000 messi fans disliked this
Wtf thought this was fake
Portugal crllll
Chris you are so fckn good keep making vids
Love ur spec look ... sexy mama
Hi
#49 on Trending
Finally saying goodbye to my iPhone 5! It’s been real ✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼😁
i have a shattered iphone 6 at the moment and i'm thinking about getting a new phone should I use pretty much all my savings to get the 8+ or should I just get the 7+? really looking for advice here ty :)
HEY GUYS! WE ARE SUBSCRIBING TO EVERY SINGLE PERSON THAT SUBSCRIBES TO US UNTIL WE HIT 150 SUBS!! TELL ME WHEN YOU’VE DONE IT!!!
If Steve Jobs Were still alive he would’ve had wireless charging before Samsung!!! Shit he would’ve made the iPhone 5 a wireless charger m had a glass\nBack like the iPhone 4/4s
She's rich
Samsung wins
5:35 ROASTEDDDDDDD
03:00 MILEY
U sellout
5:26, haha.
I love your glasses!
Ughhh when we thought the iphone 6+ was new... And the iphone 7.. now im behind and people will think my phones old 📱😂
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os9qodLsnWY&feature=share   to see iphone 8 wife
PLEASE REVIEW THE NEW SPORT LOOP APPLE WATCH BAND!!!!!!!!!
Well your messages are green NOT BLUE!! I literally live for your quotes ❤️😍
Your eyes are too far apart lmaooo
R u getting iPhone x which would u recommend iPhone 8 or x
You're so. Annoying with your bought ads... Pathetic.
Justine, you forgot that when you take your iPhone on a plane all you have to do is put it on airplane mode not remove the battery for everyone’s safety.
I hopped on a plane at LAX\nWith my Switch and my Cardigan.
i always confuse her for being transgender
The iPhone 8 and iPhone 7 r literally like the same thing
Your messages are green NOT BLUE.  , I'm dead 😂
You would buy you loser the iPhone
I like the white wireless charger more
that time you buy a samsung qi charger for your iphone......\n\nedit: you want the heavier one so it slides less.
This women symbolises so much of whats wrong with the world
I’m left handed
*someone get this girl a android phone*
It is okay that you are left-handed because I am# left-handed Squad👍
Android green messeges vs. iphone blue messeges........ this shit makes me angry.. girl you can change the fing color of the messeges on android... which you cannot do on ios... Its time to stop being so stupidly excited for apple products because they are getting less and less innovative every fking year its just plain stupid... Its time to switchhh ;)
lmfao 😂 android phones had these for a long time already and when i saw this video, i was like LOL
Can you do a giveaway for  the iPhone 8
She has a bedtime??
“but guess what, ur messages are green and not blue!” 😂😂😂
*It must be fantastic to be able to rake in millions of subs based off of teenagers wanting to cum on your face.*
mugs like this woman are the reason apple are making money for so little changes and innovation
Apple is brain washing every1 with that iPhone 8.  Basically a 7 with a glass back...\n\n\n\nIPhone X is okay.\n\nS8 does everything the X does, AND I STILL HAVE A HEADPHONE JACK!\n\n\nPlus in case u were wondering s8 has a higher resolution than the X\n\n\nIn fact, its a WQHD + 2960x1440 SUPER OMOLED Infinity screen.     Curved screen.  Glass back. Camera doesn't stick out....\n\n\nThe 3 things Iphone X does better is records at 4K 60f.  S8 is 4k at 30F.      But the 60f does a great difference.\n\nAnd X has 3D facial recognition, while s8 has it too but can be unlocked with a random pic of ur face.   :/    unless ur friends carry a life size pick of ur face everywhere,,,,,BUT u can turn this feature off, so ur safe...\n\n\n3rd is face emoji, but why do we need That? \n\nS8 still has Finger scan I.D\nIPhone X DOES NOT.  \n\n\nI mean ask urself this question....what r u doing on a iPhone that a s8 can't already do?\nIf u use insta, snap, YouTube, than why not get the s8???\n\ncost less and looks really really nice.
but guess what? Your messages are GREEN. NOT blue!\n\n\nI ugly giggled. Thank you Justine. Lol
You can flip the ui for left handed people
“Your messages are green, not blue.” My thoughts exactly.
I think you look pretty cool with glasses. You're cool either way; just a different look.
I subscribed before 10 seconds into the video.
This bitch will buy anything Apple related and not understand she's getting ripped off
You are the best💜💜💜
Girls should wear watches on their right wrist and men should wear watches on their left wrist. This is known over millennium
Hi Justine! At the Apple Event, they show us a multiple wireless charger, where we can put the iPhone, the Watch and the Airpods. When does comes? Do you know?
you trendy bitch!
Hi
Lovin it👍🏽💖🙌🏽✌️🏽
M'lady, you radiate pure beauty **tips fedora**
YouTube cancer
No more Samsung for me🤔
My dad works at apple and I got the iPhone X
You already have a 42 so might as well get 38 and switch it up. I have small wrists and love 38
Yay some blond screaming about stupid phone, disliked
Love you!!!!
Left hand squad!  Where you at!!! 🙋🙋🙋🙋☺☺☺
Iphone 8 is different to the Iphone 7 because... um... 8 is higher than 7.\nNow give us you money.
She looks so cute with those glasses 😍😍
What a joke iphone 8 is as bad as this airheads videos stupid bitch
Does the apple watch conects to the iphone 6??
who actually likes this shit it's Apple's awful, overpriced products and here she is brainwashing everyone with her stupidity. and all her brain dead fans commenting down here gtfo
Can you review the new colors introduced? The rose red and olive green?
Justine, put one mat in one room and another in another. Ex: Mophie in your room and the other in the kitchen.
Any small youtubers wanna support each other (say 8 if subbed to me ) I will sub back :-)
Does the iPhone 8 come with the charger?
the black wireless charger sort of look like a coaster
LOL my s5 has too wireless charging and now after 3 years iphone has plus the phone is just like the same just with wireless charging and another number and big price. I just had to change my case to my s5 to have wireless charging without using my phone. Back then the first iphone was like 500$. Yep you heard it 500 and now the price is going higher and higher.
I phone operated by idiots. It is similar to buying a 2 year old samsung.
Most things on iphones we're made by Samsung and burrowed from android
I got the iPhone 8 gold the day it came out I’m so happy
Why not Iphone 10 like everyone else has?? What-are you busted out broke or something?  Guess being YouTube tool doesn't pay what we thought.
Yeah, but guess what?  Your messages are green... NOT BLUE!  That was great. 😂😂😂
What I film this days ago ? God complicated
It's a very big pad ... 😂
Justine can u at least use a pocket socket?? - Mimi Van Thanks! :D
You should giveaway some of your old apple stuffs so you will gain more subscribers...
that's not an iphone 8 plus case, its an iphone 7 plus case, on the 8 the dual cameras are vertical...
I'm a leftie but I keep my watch on my left hand and it's so dirty..
Nice glasses! 🕶️🤓
*Look wise they changed nothing.*
yes! perfect apple watch 3 =) luv it.  what do you think about the lumiy lightblade lamp?  love the light and the charging port... better than buying a dock?
You can so good spell English. Ok you're English 😂😂I'm german and i can a little bit English speak. OMG it's 20:59 OK I wount sleep but I have 6:00 school. OK good night 🌃😴
feels like I had this experience back in 2012, and even back then I was late to the party

ofz2cHLkiRI,

ofz2cHLkiRI,at least now I will be able to drop my phone in someone else's pad at their house, I think
What a scam i though it was a iphone 8 unboxing
How to cook cereal\n1 cup of cereal\n1 cup of milk\n1 cup of bowl
Go check out my music for vlogs no copy right music
I bet you have nice vag.
God damn. Every time something big comes out in tech I have to be recommended this chick.
Yea but guess what your messages are green not blue!! 😂😂😂
I'm also left handed
I like that u like it but iPhone really sucks now a day
are you getting the iPhone 10
I found it so funny how she worried about how the watch looked on her and how hard of a choice it was when there’s people that can’t even afford food, ily Justine😭😭😭
I've been Called Daphne by so many people, who don't even know each other, since school. I'm not even ginger I just apparently have her mannerisms haha
I hope you feel better and that everything works out with the doctors. :)
I could honestly watch your vlogs all day long!
where is her bedsheets from
Welcome to the funko pop family! 😊
Any small youtubers wanna support each other (say 8 if subbed to me) I'll sub back :-)
Cute cat you got there :)
you look soooo amazing in the shots where you have the glasses, the dark lip and the gray sweater!! you look stunning!! and i really think that you look better when you are paler! i think it suits you so much and looks beautiful with your dark hair
If u love Gabriella then sub to my channel
am I the only one who really really really wants to be gabbies friend? such a cool, nice, funny and sweet person, I need a gabs in my life
Wow what a pobox you're so lucky 💛💛💛
Unfortunately the calcium content in the cream cancels out the way you absorb the iron in the spinach :-(
Does anyone know where the peaches bed set is from!?
B12 deficiency is horrible. I have pernicious anemia as felt the same way for so long, i was faintly near daily, constantly tired, didn't want to eat or see anyone. It was pants. Hopefully if it is that you will start feeling better once you get the injections or tablets. They really perk you up!
My body can’t produce vitamin b12 or folate and I’d been struggling on and off for years and kept being given tablets. I had the worst case of it ever this year, and went from November 2016 until August 2017 having constant migraines and nausea to the point where I didn’t want to go out or face the world. So I went to the doctor’s again and I’m now on injections for the B12 every 3 months and they’re the best thing ever!!! I’m still on folate tablets too but honestly after the first 3 injections (you get once a week for three weeks to begin with) I felt so good. I still get tired every now and again and I know how shit it is, but once it gets treated it’s super easy to keep on top of. Hope you feel better soon!
Can I just be your family friend? Haha xx
Where did you get your grey jumper/top from 😍😍
You look so much better with no fake tan on. Lots of love 😙😙😙
I love the way you decorate/ design your rooms😍 I am in love with all your home style 😍😍😍xx
Gabby, please please please get a dietitian, one that specialises in bariatric nutrition. Especially when you will start exercising again. You can't feel healthy and strong not eating enough nutrition. You need more protein too.. I am very concerned. Think about long term effects of being vitamin deficient too. I suffer from b12 deficiencies and am anemic too so I really can understand that feeling exhausted all the time..
Kindly share how much  the stool was?
Gabs, have you gotten your blood sugar levels checked?  I know that you've looked into anemia as a cause of your ailments, but it sounds almost like hypoglycemia or diabetes...get well, love you!!
Hello from Azores Portugal its always very nice watch your videos. Lots of happiness for you🤓
@Gabriella Hey Gabs, a friend of mine who studies biology recently told me that chia seeds have way more iron in them, than spinach does. Maybe that would be a good alternative? And it's super convenient as your can just put some in soy yoghurt, in your drinks, etc. =)
Gabs I honestly relate to your heart to heart.... I have been feeling super shattered. Before I started work I would have to have naps or go to bed before 9pm from doing nothing... now I am in full time employment and I honestly think its affecting my performance, I have no energy. I get home at 7 or 8pm and I am straight to bed. I am also severely anaemic and I have hypothyroidism which affects fatigue.... I finally have a blood test this week. I hope you feel better soon :)
i hope you get sorted at doctors soon, i have anemia and hypothyroid, it can be so debilitating! lots of well wishes xoxoxox
i hope you will be better gabi we love you !!!!!! xx
I love you and hope you keep feeling better and your videos are always so good and make me so happy x
Seriously! How does stuff like this trend?
Are your cats neutered? It might reduce the boy
Hi Gab! I was wondering where your grey jumper is from?? I love it :)
I've heard from quite a few people that although spinach is full of iron, it is also home to a chemical (or something) that prevents the iron being fully absorbed. Probably something to look into!
Could you link the glasses please?
Loved it!:) Glad youre vlogging more!:) \nPs can you do an update video on Bean ? I like the name Geremy fitted with him;)! Xxx
try cooking frozen spinach in unsweetened almond milk with a little garlic powder and salt & pepper. It's a really good substitute for creamed spinach! xxx
Have you stopped using uber? X
There are some Palm Leaf roller blinds in next sale that matches (near identical) your large art piece > Black Loreto Palm Leaf Print Roman Blind if you had 3 you could put up in living room windows.
Me 100% with my cats 😂 they are my babies
Love ya gabs but I'm not a cat lover at all. I always have to turn my phone away when u do your close ups and long pauses on your cats. That's how much I like your vlogs!
We have the same toothbrush !! 😂😂💞
Hi! I had the exact same problem as you! i feels really tired and felt sad all the time! And i fide out that I had a low iron level! I could't eat iron tablets som I went to the doctors and they gave me a shot filled with iron and now i feel much better!
I got the glasses video in my sub box!
I feel like gabby one of the only people who don't rip people off with her merch love you gabs❤️
Waaooo good
It breaks my heart to see you cry. Keep your beautiful head up , I love you ❤️
if you blend spinach up in a blender with frozen bananas and cocoa powder it tastes just like a chocolate milkshake and you can't taste the spinach - you should give it a try :)
Hope you feel better soon dear!
I use to get called Velma as well and ugly Betty in high school it put me off wearing my glasses but you look so good in yours
O.M.G I can't believe that Gabby watches Sophie Louise's videos 😁 I'm shook💜
Where is Gabby's fluffy chair from?
Anyone wanna help a small YouTuber out?! Currently have 23 amazing subbies ✌🏼😂 x
hey love! Where's your grey jumper from? It's gorgeoussss😍😍❤️
You're videos always brighten up my day :)
I love it when you add P.O Box hauls to your vlogs. It's one of my fav things to watch ❤❤ xx
This is the first time I've watched one of your vlogs & instantly love it!! Subscribed & taggin along for more of your vlogs :) !!! xx
I hear my BAB Conan 👀❤️. Also, I loooove Funko Pops. ❤️ & I really hope you get better Gabs. <3 I hate seeing you upset.
8th on trending! WELL DONE GABS! \nThat's literally so amazing 🤗❤️
Your make up looks amazing and with the glasses
you always make my day!!!!
I look forward to the Marc Jacob palettes first impression. They look so gorgeous !
I know you've been to the Drs and sorted a few things about but maybe you should consider having a roommate? Someone to support you and socialise with. I hate seeing you so upset because you don't deserve to be like that! You're an amazing person and when I watch your vids/vlogs I have a smile through the whole entire video!💖 Also, loving the Autumnal makeup look!❤️
The thing is you haven't actually donated the money for breast cancer from the ghd' s... you got sent them.
i have pernicious anaemia and I feel like shit all the time. I get an injection every 8 weeks and feel ok for about a week but then I feel shit again. One doctor then diagnosed an underactive thyroid, put me on thyroxine and I started to feel normal. Then another doctor took me off it. I am so frustrated and tired so I feel your pain Gabs and hope you feel much better soon. I feel like women are not taken seriously with issues like this. xx
Hi gabs, I hope you're okay it makes me so sad to see you upset I'm keeping up with your insta and snapchat and ovbs YouTube so keep us updated!!! Also I, really loving your jumper where is it from?? All my love xxxxx
Sorry about your anemia, i can sympathize as i had bad anemia too, below 7 whatever that is!! And i remember crying while at work ( dog training) i was so exhausted.. Hope you feel better soon.
That tap clip was really satisfying. I've watched it like 5 times 😂💗
23 mins of Gabby and a fleecy blanket... can life get any better i think not😂❤️
I'm doing 30 days of yoga too! I'm on day 15 so halfway there and really been enjoying it, hope you are too😊
Can't wait for you to get this bloody cabinet 😂😂😂
Why is this trending
Gabby i love your videos !!
You're gorgeous when you're pale!!
You got 7 on trending wooow
bug said stfu
https://youtu.be/WKE9zZsYOgY
Major fall vibes 😊
Aww wow ❤️✨ looks awesome ✨
Small youtuber xoxo
<33
Your so pretty.
10 on trendinggggg
ERM GABBY WHAT ABOUT SHAGGY AND SCOOBY HOW RUDE
Love ur lip colour
Number 7 on trending!💓
#7 on trending right now💁🏻
Love it gabby x
GLAMBITION OFMBABAHDHD
Shopie Louise and gabby colab 💕💕💕😄😄
Your vlogs are my favourite thing😍
feel better soon....
How much was your stool gabs? xxxx
WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMENDED?!
This bitch looks like she would be dirty
This cunt has more money than sense and you retards fund this avarice
Cream doesn't have lactose in it so the spinach is probably fine as usually it's the lactose in dairy that people react to. My mum doesn't eat/drink dairy but she does have a bit of cream sometimes x
GABB HELP I NEED TO FIND A GOLD CABINET WHERE IS YOURS FROM? THANKS ILY (Lol despriate)
All those stairs! I'd be dead.
Gabs lovely don't feel like you have to vlog/ make videos all the time if you feel awful and exhausted, if you take a week off everyone will understand, please don't strain yourself for us we just care about you and want you to be okay ♥️♥️
Personally I don’t think it’s fair that you get to have two of the cutest cats ever 😍
#7 TRENDING!! YES GABS
Gordon: what you watching son\nSon: WWE\nGordon: is it smack down \nSon: no it’s RAW\nGordon: fuck me
Now this makes me hungry
The kid: so I put these raw beef cheeks in the pot\nGordon: ITS FUCKING RAW YOU CUNTY ASS FUCKER!!!!!1!!!111!!!!!!
father and son goals
This is my favourite video because he's teaching a kid but he's happy not shouting :)
Gordon - Youll make this for your girlfriend one day\n\n\n\n\nJack - But I'm Gay
Gordon you're killing me, your food is so gooooooooooooood
What if he says fuck me in front of the kid
His kids know so many things about cooking and im here cant make cereal
I bet Gordan pores olive oil on his pancakes in the morning
This guy looks like he has a knack with food, he should open a restaurant or be on TV or something.
Your sisters are gonna love you even more now      some incest shit going on
Don't forget to lightly drizzle your tongue with olive oil before eating your food
Maybe you'll make this for your girlfriend one day? Son: mmhhh.... no.. I like penis
I swear, this guy uses up like half of the worlds olive oil supply.
Gordon: perhaps you'll cook this for your girlfriend one day\n\nJack: *Im gay...*
He puts olive oil on almost everything 😓
Did I just see you use can tomato sauce!!!! #Triggeredlol
Where's the lamb sauce?!
Beef cheeks, get the fuck out of the kitchen
Ramsay is the type of guy who goes home and makes a cup noodle...
What a great father
Take a shot every time Gordon says, a drizzle of olive oil.
Now we're going to season the seasoning with a little seasoning, then rub jacks cheeks in the Seasoned seasoning make it seasoned.
My dad never taught me anything....and he's a professor.
that moment when you're Gordon Ramsay's kid and have to pretend you know something about cooking
This kid seems like he is scared of his dad
Son: But I don't want to be a chef dad!!\nRamsay: You don't want to be a chef?! Have you seen your steaks? They're always FUCKIN RAW!!Son: Fuck you dad, I want to be an engineer! Ramsay: You little fuckin wanker!
I love the patience he show's his children when he Cook's it reminds me of my dad teaching me to use the grill when I was 9. He always made it fun.
Meanwhile on Earth 2.\n\nNice: Jack
This vid is so old
A touch of olive oil. \nThree bottles later done\nA pinch of salt \nFive bags later now season the seasoning
He's so sweet with his kids.  I love seeing dads spend quality time with their kids.  So important for the kids!
i wish me and my dad were like that 😞
GIVE ME SOME TURKEY TWIZZLERS ANY DAY,  COOKING TIME ZERO... DONE
white pple are so deranged.\ny'all take ANY SITUATION and figure out a way to sexualize\nit. I hope the earth rids itself of you parasites.
Has  a new me me been born
i fucking love this man, husband material, husband goals
He is a really great father wish i had a father like him
Videos like this make me want to become a chef.
Is salt and pepper the only seasoning in his cupboard lol
Your sisters are going to love you even more now...\nDafuq?
Instead of looking like crocodile heads, they looked like what I left in my toilet this morNin
At the end, the casual pun : dont be cheeky.. 😂😂😂
Honestly who cooks this stuff? I only come here to see Gordon cooking and teasing his children
Your sister is going to love you even more ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) - Gordo Ramsi 2K17
I want to die and reincarnate as Gordon Ramsay's child
you can cook this for your girlfriend\n“uhhh”\n#ramsgay2025
6,16 :)))) i don't know!!! u go son :)
Mm yes touch raw meat and then touch your son's face. Contamination!
jack do it right you FUCK
Gordon Ramsey the type of man to leave his entire family for a touch of oil.
Gordon: but make sure to tell her where you got the recipe from. Don't want you to steal daddy's thunder\nClassic Gordon ^^
OH-MY-GOD! LOOKS GREAT! I do have to say, I REALLY enjoy these videos, and the ones with his children really seem to make them that much better. Oh, Jack, you just dribbled on your jumper. Great Job and Keep 'em Coming!
IT'S RAW YOU CHEEKY LITTLE TWAT
This comment section is pure gold. It's Fucking niice
The fact that Jack is so young just proves how old this video actually is... just posted recently... SAD
That kid's girlfriend is gonna give him sum good pussy if he cooks that delicious shit for her.
At 4:30 camera guy drops camera for a bit
It's so cool to see Gordon teaching his kids so early. They're going to be so skilled once they're at his age.
Good luck finding beef cheeks in a grocery store. Seriously good luck. I tried this weekend. I don't have any butchers near me so I'm sol.
Food porn 💦💦💦
Omg, looks like my dogs poo, yak discussing! Learn how to cook you overpaid pedo!
22 on trending whoop whoop
Poor Jack
Canned tomatoes...ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!?
Me: This looks so fun and good. I want to make this myself one day.\n\nAlso me: 🏠 🔥
Where are the Indian cow worshippers at??? 😂😂\nYour god is being eaten by the British people...😂😂
Gordon: I have some bad news son....you're adopted.\n\nJack: Nice
Just came here to see if people made jokes about cheeks
so cute hahahahaha
damn' , it's delicious 😋
wonderful
Gotta love old videos
wheres the lamb sauce?
omfg i want it
Nice.
6:07, ooooh I'm dead
Niiiiceee
His boy should know more about food, perhaps they dumb him down for the show.
What liquid did he add to jam???
After seeing this episode with Jack his son we can see who Gordo truly favors in the Ramsay dynasty...I've never seen him smile so much and be so loving with the girls...I mean I am sure he loves all his children without a doubt...but Jack....oh man he was grabbing cheeks all episode and laughing and smiling...unfortunately I don't think Jack likes to cook as much as Halls or Meagan so it will be interesting to see who is appointed successor to the crown here...
2:01 they're like little shit sausages floating in the sunday morning diarrhea
1:08\n\nSo how'd you cook these at *OUR* restaurants if they take so long?\n\nJack Ramsay establishing dominance early on.
ya let's just uhhhh put raw meat on a kids face
What are the white things at 4:30 ??
he just puts salt, pepper, and olive oil on everything...
Don't be cheeky
hhhhhh lol youaer coll
Great conection between them two.
*MHMMMMMM*
Looks delicious af!
I wanna eat something im starving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't be cheeky
Howtobasic\n10x better
he's son?
6:18 Dad....... I’m gay
little drizol, of olival
Don't be Cheeky .
MMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!
*What was your favourite of these 10 amazing goals? Let me know in the comments!*\nFollow me on *Facebook* where I post my old videos that have disappeared from YouTube! https://www.facebook.com/LilWizProductions
The Giroud goal has to win it for me.
I'm just imagining internet going full troll and the trophy going to 2:49 chick goal
Where is Emre Can's overhead?
Why there is Matic goal? Great goal but not special.
Definitely the gk scoring double kick at the end of the game
Mate, you don't know how to make a bad football video, I love the emphasis on the commentary.
swear that chilliean teamis always scoring long rangers.They at high altitude or something?
boateng or the goalkeepers is the best
Can't choose between Giroud and Mandzukic. Both streets ahead of the others.
Fucking hate commentators that just scream goal over and over load as fuck or just say it once but scream it out for ages, lazy fucking commentary, glad we don't have that shit in England, it would put me off watching football if I heard that every game.
Giroud all the way, he even started the entire chance from half way down the pitch with a good tackle. The Baroka FC's goalkeeper goal deserves it too.
A goalkeeper scoring a bicycle kick in the last minute has to win. No contest.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Wow. Last year Subri's free kick was the clear winner, but this year for me there's no obvious winner. I could see the Camargo, Boateng, Mandzukic, Giroud, or the South African goalkeeper's goal winning it. They're all amazing, although Matic's goal is a little out of place. I would guess most people are going to vote for the Mandzukic goal because of the time and place, but I'd vote for the goalkeeper just because holy frak he's a goalkeeper.
Had to turn it off due to the shit forign commentators.
How old is Kevin Prince Boateng now? Gotta be 30.. He's still such an athlete, feels like hes been around forever.
Giroud and Masaluke.  Amazing goals this year, though.
gotta love that volleying back a goal kick from your own half
Man these girls just love FootBall \nHERE http://bit.ly/2wbJphB
Can i watch the first goal 7 times more please?? holy shit
Did not know 16 year old girls could kick that far
Has to be giroud! The counter attack, the back heel in the build up, the SCORPION 🦂
Jesus you didn't need to show the goals 15 times
Is this over the top shouting goal for as long as possible commentating supposed to be funny or something? Just seems incredibly obnoxious to me...glad we dont have that in the prem
For me It has to be giroud
I'm only one goal in but wow...
hurtado goal was beyond fucked what the hell
That U19 Dortmund 27 player got dullied mate
Matic
Aviles hurtado👍
Wtf that girl amazing stunning the goalkeeper
Dembele
celtics goal was incredible.. but fifa never usually include team goals.. E.g Arsenal vs nowrich
Amazing so much choices
How many times you gotta relay the same goal :/:/:/
Steven Gerrard has won this one for me
Boateng's is the best, but I want to see Dembele win 💚
Has to be Giroud before you even look at the other nominees, he deserves it too. Cant see him winning it though after Aaron Ramsey was robbed with his galatasaray goal. Fifa is corrupt so it probably comes down to the highest bidder!
Guys do you think so hit like if girouds goal was better and dislike if mkhitaryan's was better
may be you can add those two goals to the best goals of septembre : \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUfOz3XeWeo\nClub : Raja Casablanca\nthe assist of both goals : Abdelilah Hafidi \nthe striker of both goals : Mahmoud Benhalib
29 replays later
I don't mean to be that guy but wtf no Emre can over head kick? Like I get they have to go for equality but in comparison the woman's goal is crap the matric goal looks ordinary like seriously wtf
Would help if it showed the full Dembele goal. Every player touched the ball including the goalkeeper there was at least 30 seconds of build up play missing.
It's gotta be Mandzukic, but so many wonderful goals. Thanks for the compilation!
Oscarine Masuluke,for one reason. He is a goalkeeper.....
Giroud's goal is the best but Fifa will never give it to him cos the bumlick La liga.
if you change Mandzukic goal's commentary to Tony Jones...
Either boateng or mandzukic for me
That's a dislike
Any more replays?
how the fuck is there no messi goal??
Moussa Dembélé FTW
maticcc
Why is Mkhitaryan not nominated
Reported
Stop playing each clip for like 1 30 faggot
HI BICH(es)👋🏻🚨- 🐴🀆🗯💀STREAM HI BICH now at https://Atlantic.lnk.to/hibich 🏁
Damn im homeless now, this beat burned down my crib lol
1:34 in my opinion I think she was supposed to wear like black the colour of her soul
Someone tell me what this song is about .
my question is.. if she has so much money... why is that second video her standing outside next to a broken down chair? lol. kudos though, its decent music.
Waiting for the English version
These are my 2017 fav songs now. K bye
Go to school and study
Melon said it best: It's obviously trash, but at least it's fun trash\nmeanwhile I'll be waiting for fun trash's album to drop.. \nIt's disposable, it's catchy, it's obviously intriguing because it's the fucking cashmeousside chic\n.... I'm listening ....
Shes annoying but her voice is AMAZING
If you have an interest in AutoTune, I highly reccommend the work of this bich.
This is actually pretty sick tho
Waiting for this thing to die out
This is crap not rap!
This the female Audi
I wasn't a fan at first because of the doctor phil show.....but I LOVE this song!!!! I love her voice here and the beat lol I've been singing it for two days now. She has talent
Your hair is goals
You need to make a diss track on 25% Black Girl (See: #DramaAlert)
atleast you don't have tons of makeup and u keepin it real.... unlike them fake biches
say what you want but she young asf making more money than all these people commenting and shes actually not that bad on top of that
Next illuminati puppet. They gonna use her up till nothings left watch
What tf happened  to music 😭😭
Did this lil bich just say trap house what chu know about it...
Couldn't understand a single word
she says white porsche but she blurs the logo on the porsche boi
Why is this lowkey a bop
Not copying that song
Complete disgrace to music
I would rather listen to Jacob Sartorius than this mong that thinks that they are so talented but in reality this is completely shit so kiss my ass  Danielle Bregoli
She looked like eleven from stranger things at the end
Just don't play it in the radio
Yo no joke this shit is way too funny
This is where Hopsin's ill mind 8 was filmed.
Not going to lie she's actually kind of pretty...
Honestly we all know she can't rap
Lol how can this happen from just one simple sentence cash me outside how bout dat
Came for this video to UNLIKE
yo but fr though this song bumps in the car with bass when you got it turned up and you cruisin
ronnie j I've lost all respect for u producing this shit
hahaa u go girlllll,people will hate and people love,u do u lil one.
actually fucking love these songs wtf they’re so fucking good
Only thing good was the bass :T
hot daumn i have to admit it aint that bad man daumn imma go jump off a bridge
I don't know if meant to spell bitch like bich but if she didn't do it on purpose then it's spelled wrong. \nSigned by: a 10 year old.
these songs r legit only repeating the title of the song (hears the hi bich the whole song)
gosh man your rude  and like only thirteen!!! Learn so manners and stop swearing. Plus not a very got rapper. thanks BARBIE!!
It's weird out of all the shot she says she doesn't apologize to her mom which is the reason for all this
Darn it... I need to get on Doctor Phil and say or do something so I can blow up lmao
I fucking love this song...
this vid is better then all the crap before dang.
I do not like it because it hads biha
the devil will use anybody. he ain't your friend. he don't like you. hes here to kill steal and destroy. remember that.
Who's here before 1,000 views?
why is this actually straightFIRE
DOES ANYONE ASWELL THOUGHT THAT FRANK WAS THE MAN IN THE BLACK CLOAK WITH THE HORSE??????
Sooo, I have to ask is she better than Iggy?!
Sad what music is today....
It's literally the same words repeated!
the beat i like. that is all.
when you find out your friend is talking about you behind your back. 0:26
Gotta admit, this is better than “these heaux”
This is amazing it's good music and people Justin because they don't like HER bitch judge her all u want but don't judge any music ever BITCH
Trash 😕
I am  8
Ghost writer?
Raptor nails having ass
Are you scared to diss zach Clayton 😅😅😅😅😅😅
You mispronounced bich
*BHAD ENGRISH*. dUMBING DOWN OF CULTURE.
this is annoyingly catchy<3
Omg way better then I was expecting omg slay dani😍😂♥️
Daniela Myra michelle talking about you
Jacob sartorious is better
You slayyyy🔥👅
Bitch reminds me of a chucky Doll
YASSSS KEEP SLAYING DANIELLE❤❤
Pure fyeee 🔥🔥
out is menoy
J&K Forever Here
White scum
Okaaayy 😯🔥🔥
bye bich
hi\n\n\nRead More
Would shmas
Can you spell?
Um... Yall know shes 14 right....
sounds like Lil' Pump....coincidence?
Get  your preschool rhymes off my feed
More muzik faster
loving thiiiid shiit
One word:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nShit
Fiiiire 🔥🔥
Bi Bich.
How is she 14
Shit
shook
Vocab, Vocab, Vocab, U need to Improve, YA, YA, YA, AYEE!
Her songs are lokey fire
😂😂😂😂
Bitch*
Hey, everyone! I'm Liam, the creator of this video. I've been working on this one for a heck of a long time. I hope you all enjoy it. Special thanks to Julian Eggebrecht, the founder of Factor 5, Inc. for letting us share footage of WeFly for the first time. If anyone has any questions about the video, please let me know.
Release the prototype iso online Factor 5, please. Thumbs up if you agree.
As a developer, these are the saddest damn things to watch
Man, what a shame. I'd have loved WeFly.
This makes me really sad. I absolutely love Pilotwings, and this looks like it could have been the best one. RIP
I really hope some of the ex Factor 5 guys leak some of these projects some day.
Bummer! That sounds like it could have been a cool game. Scratching the same itch as Endless Ocean, I suppose.
Were the factor 5 developers drinking beer while working, or am I seeing things?
We Fly's cancellation is honestly one of the more heartwrenching examples of a game being cancelled, in that it seems the developers really put their hearts into making it.
This guy has an American /English accent.
Damn... That head tracking tech could've made for some good First-Person games.
This is... so sad T_T
Interesting... And very impressive graphics.
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Damn i feel for Factor 5....would have loved a new Pilotwings game the 64 one was one of the most relaxing games I've ever played
now that was a sad story
that head tracking bit was so cool. if i had the talent i'd try my hand at something similar.
Really wish this, and the completed but unreleased Rogue Squadron collection could be released someday...
Did you know? I keep pushing people away, but am really terrified of dying alone.
if they just made a Star Fox game where you fly by holding the wii mote - and fire using - you know - the buttons - it would have been the greatest game on the Wii - there was a mini game in one of those wario ware games where you did that - it was perfection
Rogue Squadron was so good. Factor 5 would have made an amazing Wii game. The name “WeFly” screams shovelware, but it looked VERY promising especially with the level of detail added for the time.
how...how did i not ever heard about that version of VR? that version seems MUCH more simplified and severely less costly to produce. that looked really cool.
That moment when a GOOD channel is on trending. Feels great man.
If the former staff were bought by sony and asking them make their pilot wings version for the VR. \n\nIt could be possible, but its only a dream I can only say
Best game for wii sports resort
That would have been amazing! \n\nExcellent video!
5:28 Holy depth imagine one of those old star wars rebel assault games with a wiimote while on the shooting gallery part of the games and add in where you have to bob your head around to get a good angle on stormtroopers to shoot at and dodge by swaying your body hard to the sides. That would be more 3d then any 3d movie I've ever seen.
So in a sense Nintendo thrown away ther own version of face tracking 3d vr before anyone else had it great job missing that patent guys
This pisses me off. Poor Factor 5. I loved them. Imagine if they were still making games today on current platforms.
Holy fucking shit, WeFlight looked REALLY impressive, especially with the glasses and how they tried to replicate the actual weather and timezones of the real world. It legitimately makes me sad that Factor 5 got bankrupt, this seemed like it'd be a really fun game and I'd love if it got released.
😔I wish this game existed
It's like every other game featured here had a connection to Factor 5 in someway. It's almost as if they're bad luck
Fuck, this game looks like it would've been awesome. So sad they had to close down. :(
They should leak the roms for us to emulate
Im sad that wefly/wiifly failed,it could have been awesome to fly around london or tokyo,i feel like it could have online with other people
Looks so dank, wish I had this as a kid whould have been my jam.
Ah, my dream Wii game! We almost had it. Maybe it can still happen someday....
It's disappointing that this game managed to get off the ground and really take off, but, it was not capable of sticking the landing.
By then Nintendo president; Satoru Iwata\nThat line, and how casually it was said... I gotta say it punched right in the feels. I miss that dude.
This game looks awesome! It's a shame that it had to be cancelled though. :/
UGH, THIS WOULD'VE WON AWARDS!
Man, I wish Factor 5 was able to release this game
at this point with most involved companies bankrupt\nwhy not accidentally leak the unfinished game to the internet\nso others can enjoy the game that had so much love and care put into it
The game looks great and all, but those glasses would've been amazing
Such a shame that this never made it to console. It would of been an amazing and unique experience.
This video just makes me sad. I would have LOVED this game. It looks so chill and relaxing.
GOD DAMNIT! That game sounds so damn promising! I would've totally LOVED to play that!
Nintendo should have cradled their relationship with Factor 5 like it was their only child.\nThey were seriously talented and made two of the best games on the Gamecube. \nAnd having played Lair on PS3 recently (bought it for almost nothing), I'd say it's a pretty good game too despite the criticism it got.
Let's pray that someone revives the idea for the switch.
I guess the Wii could have been a less shitty console with such a game !
Gutted I would have loved that game
If only Factor 5 hadn't been killed by the PS3 disaster that is Lair, we'd have had a great return of Pilotwings. -_-
I hope WeFly gets leaked one day, it looks like the proper pilot wings sequel I've been wanting.\nVery impressive looking to, sad it couldn't be released it would have been a quick purchase for me.
We need to dig the game's assets up from the Former Factor5 Management, repackage it, and make it a reality. Anyone up for the search?\n\n#WeFlyRecoveryMission
Can't wait for the day when it eventually gets leaked online
I'd love to have played it.
What a depressing story... Can't believe no publisher bailed out Factor 5, they were such a talented studio, and yet so many shitty games came out on Wii and even made money. Please make the next Unseen 64 about a crap cancelled game that didn't deserve to come out to cheer me up, or I'll be sad about this until the next Pilotwings comes out, which will probably be forever.
I feel like this is the game that would've actually gotten me to play the Wii. Then again, I would've bought this just because Factor 5's name was on it.
Wow. Looks and sounds likes a revolutionary Wii game for its time. Too bad Factor 5 went bankrupt.
Now with Pilotwings having gone on hiatus again for over half a decade (geez I'm having one of those it's really been that long? moments remembering Pilotwings Resort was a 3DS launch title back in 2011) I think now would be a nice time to revisit the series. A game like that seems like a nice fit for the Switch since you can do quick play sessions anywhere you want, and the increased power of the system compared to something like the 3DS could mean more and larger levels, and maybe even new vehicles if they can find a fun way to implement them. I guess the big question is if it'd still mainly use Miis like Resort did or if it'd go back to characters designed by the dev team like Pilotwings 64 (if it does this would be a cool way to bring back Nester given he was in PW64).
[sees headset idea]\nWow that's really dumb.\n[sees headset in use]\nWOW THAT'S AWESOME.\n\nMan, I am SO BUMMED that this was never finished. The only thing I ever did in Pilotwings 64 was explore the island and find all of its secrets while more or less ignoring the actual missions, so WeFly would have been RIGHT up my alley. And the weather channel integration was just such a cool idea!
Factor 5, forever caught in Nintendo's friend zone
Dam this sounds like it would have been good
We need this on the Switch
Xbox, a console of a larger installed base... Sorry, but... no. At the end of the generation the Xbox barely had sold just 3 million more than the GameCube, and I'm sure at time Lucas Arts were putting pressure on Factor 5, the two console had pretty much the same installed. They must have wanted the Star Wars to be ported to Xbox, but not because of a larger installed base that it clearly didn't have, but probably because the PS2 couldn't run those game without some serious downgrade and optimization. So the Xbox was their best option for a port, since it could do direct port without much work.
Fuck, wasn't Factor 5 allowed to finish a single game?
What a sad story... To think that a potentially awesome game, and pseudo VR would just disappear thanks to 2008. Those infrared glasses were freakin' genius, I still want those! If they revive this game and add the infrared glasses to the switch i will die a happy man.
I want this on Switch.
Man, that WeFly would have been fantastic!! N should have brought those people on board to complete it..
This is a *huge* pisser, to me. I know about some of Factor 5's other rejected projects, such as their original 8-player _Mega Bomberman_ demo.. but, the fact that a series of events prevented one of my _favorite_ childhood games from getting another entry just burns my hide.  It was a shame...
That glasses thing looks COOL, It's probably be a pain to set up, though.
Oh man, this would have been one heck of a Pilotwings game. I would have loved it for sure, as I already loved going into Birdman mode on the Little States Island and going to the miniature real-world locales. Getting a full global version of that was something I've always wanted. So sad that something like this never came into fruition.
Ninoooooooooo
fuck the five
Switchfly
That game looks incredible
Pilotwiings
Turn on captions at 2:16 😂😂😂
Fuckthefive?!
Liam sure does love talking about Fucktor 5
Thats sad
Huh, neat
So much potential!
Yet again fucked her 5
I am sorry fucktive five
2:18 xbox porn!?!?!?
5:50 lol game devs get lit
omg :'(
Did I hear Fuck the Five?
Next time on the Factor 5 show...
Quick, name every Unseen64 video that doesn't involve Factor 5!\n\nI'll start:
Unfortunate Nintendo didn't want this game to exist. I see why, but it would have been an amazing title.
Where was the part about pilotwings?
What is the music used in this video's name
Sounds like a very boring Pilotwings. I want a Nintendo 64 Pilotwings reboot made by Namco maybe ? based on Ace Combat 7 graphics Engine 800 P 40 fps would be fine
fuck now i want that game  seriously ubisoft instead of doing stupid sport games or racing why not give us a fligh arcade
Damn this looked like it could have been a killer title for the Wii to really pump some life back into it mid life cycle, however if Factor5 had used data from the Wii's weather channel it would have always been 6 hours old, and I never did get an accurate weather forecast from it the whole time it was active.
what language is the narrator speaking?
Liam, please work on your pronunciation on port. Or don't. It's kinda funny imagining xbox porn of the Rogue Squadron game
This is the first video on trending that is good.
i have arachnophobia :(
Coyote, i think the gaint golden orb weaver is completely harmless to humans.
5:56 \nCoyote: They can eat BIRDS and BATS, but there only the ones in Australia\nMe: oh great they live in my country! YIPPEEE
Honey Wasp, Baldfaced Hornet, and Warrior Wasp...... Yeah they're waiting for you
I have a bearded dragon lizard
Get bit by a lion plz!
Me during the entire video: 😬😬😬
This was the same spider which I saw in my house
You should go on tour in Australia
That's a really nice looking spider. I'm saying that as somebody who's slighty phobic of them. I've gotten to the point where it doesn't bother me if they are in my proximity, but I don't think I could knowingly let one crawl on me like that.
I'm not afraid of spiders because I think they're out to get me,they're just fugly to me.
Hey Nathaniel Peterson, HUGE FAN! Why don't you do a challenge on the #ElectricEel? 😨
I caught a Snake 2 Days ago but I can't deal with spiders 😖
I live in Australia and Golden Orbs are everywhere
My country doesn't have spiders get rekted
The only thing I am afraid of spiders is their body structure, especially those creepy eyes.
I found so many of these guys in the outback. I played with the webs of one of these guys; it felt like plucking the strings on a guitar.
Charlotte is the only spider I fool with😂
we had a outside spider we named Charlotte and we fed her then one day she died
Maybe we all need a spider stick......................
Hey guys, I am Coyote Peterson and I am about to jump from a plane worth no chutes
For your next video I recommend you do a video clarifying all bees/wasps which sting are exclusively female because you and your crew keep calling them he every time you get stung when male bees don't have stingers. You should correct this for the education of your wide audience. If you called a hen, a cow a 'he' people would immediately correct you it should be the same for bees, otherwise you're not helping them learn more about wildlife.
I had a roommate once. His name was Barry. I squashed him after he didn't leave for two days.\nHe was a common household spider.
Brave Wilderness survival. Plz do a survival video
How tall are you
I have a pet tarantula
I felt that spider crawl on me
Guys got a poem. Roses are red my name is not Dave this makes no sense microwave :)
That is one huge nope
Everytime I see you looking at a species that close without it in a glass box or something, I always think that it will jump and bite you
HOW ARE YOU EVEN ALIVE
6:37 The little spider either needs a friend or wants to share or steal the other spider's food.
Go on a trip to find the pink dolphin
How in the world does he have the guts to do this???? I bet he is the world's bravest person, is he?\nedit: If you have pests in your house call this guy.
5:00 Looks a lot bigger in PERSONAL
I have an arachnidphoia
Get bitten by a crocodile
10:07 boi he look like peter parker but wit a beard
YOU ARE SO CRAZY but i respect you :)
Can we just take a moment to appreciate Coyote's legendary writing for his narration sequences.
Two words\n\n\n\n\nWhite people
How does he know that I was thinking he's crazy
I have a pet cheeta
Skulltulas are real,Better collect the golden ones.
This is only in America right? RIGHT?!
AHALL NAH TO THE NAH NAH NAH JK I LOVE SPIDERS
7:39 me:OMG NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO OMG OMG OMG OMG NO NO NO OMG GO AWAY GO AWAY cyote:so I'm going to let it lay on my arm me:OMG BYE CYOTE YA ON YA OWN (turns off video and runs to room and locks the door)
You just made a thousand people scared of bananas
you really are crazy 😓😓😓😓😓😓🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳🤥🤥🤥🤥🤥🤥🤥😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰
I found a golden orb spider on my uncles deck scared the ba Jesus out of my daughter
I feel itchy like something crawling on me now 😬
coyote go face to face with the real coyote
I have one of these spiders in front of the frame of my front door, so when you open the door, there's a giant web in the doorframe with the spider dead-center. And it's at the level of my face so it's RIGHT THERE when I open the door. It wasn't pleasent of how I first found out it was there...\n\nEdit: Yeah, I live in Florida so I'm used to seeing these things lol
I'm not that afraid of spiders\n\nbut I'm *terrified* of rats\n\n\n\n\n\n*kill them with fire*
THESE THINGS ARE *COMMON* IN CENTRAL AMERICA?! HEY GUYS GUESS WHERE IM NEVER GOING
I have arachnaphobia but i can handle this
I am very scrard of spiders 😖
Omg you are nuts!! Just watching this makes my skin crawl 😱😱😱😱
I bought this book at cosco only cuz its titled braver wilderness 😂❤️
DO U KNOW HOW SCARED I WAS BY SEEING THAT SPIDER?!\n\n\n\n*Read More*
Who else is scared of spiders
Bite or not I would not be able to deal with those things. I would have to kill them on sight if they were IN my house anyway. If they were outside somewhere I'd give them big space.
The problem with these videos and films featuring spiders of any decent size is, despite the fact you may not hear it, spiders make sounds that attract other spiders and the camera picks this up. The problem is when you play it back, the video itself will now attract other spiders within hearing range to your vicinity. Best to play it with the sound off if you must play it at all.
Make a video with a thorny devil
can u try and catch a sualt water eel that hunts other fish warning they are dangerous
*PS: DADDY LONG LEGS IS COMING*
would sting kill work for a jelly fish? just asking
Lover of all arachnids 🤘🤘
i sub
You are Amazing❤😍
*Sees spider* Nope. Nope, nope, nope. NOPE!
You cray ponk
9:52
COLLAB WITH BRIAN BARCZYK!!!!!!!😃😃😃😃
I’M AUSTRALIAN 😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫
Nope
Tarantula is much worse
I have arachnophobia
Have Coyote got bitten buy the Panda Ant?
Coyote please get stung by the assasian bug
warrior wasp sting any time soon?
NOT TODAY SATEN NOT TODAY ❌
It's rude ok
I AM SCARED NOW
*NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPE*
DO THE CAMEL SPIDER
Damn
Just bite him already😩
NOPE. NOT TODAY. 😷
Wow you are crazy
The poor spider! I’m only afraid of bees and wasps spiders are cool
I wouldn’t do that even if somebody gave me $999,999,999,999,999,999,999999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,
Coyote, I've been watching your videos for a long time and I've never been disappointed with them, that is until now. This dangerous spider you're holding is a Nephila clavipes or Golden Orb Weaver, one of the most docile and harmless spiders out there. I get that you're trying to get views through making it look like you are in some sort of danger, but for a long time I thought that your channel was about educating people about nature and animals. But what you are doing right here is LYING to people who don't know better. These spiders are actually very common all around the world, your description and the information that you give about the spider might provoke people to kill this wonderful creature on sight, which is the opposite of what your channel's message should be. I've held these spiders on multiple occasions and I've never been bitten or even anywhere near being in danger of being harmed by this spider. I don't know if what you are doing is deliberate or you are just misinformed and didn't do proper research. You might of been thinking of Phoneutria fera (Wandering spider) which actually is a VERY dangerous species (and also called the banana spider), I dare you to handle that one my friend, you WILL actually get bitten pretty much right off the bat. As a huge fan I'm more than extremely disappointed by this video.
Coyote: I'm Coyote Peterson, and I'm about to chew mint gum after brushing my teeth.
Will someone please like my comment
Spider stick heheh I wouldn’t take a chance can’t believe I’m watching this don’t want to see him get hurt 😞
I'm scared of spiders😌
Hi cayody i love your videos
Every time I watch this I feel like there is something crawling on me
THIS GUY IS SO BRAVE BUT HOW!
YES GO TRUMP!!! 💙❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸
Thanks trump for standing up for our country even if i am not a big fan of yours !!!!  This is so disrespectful when the NFL and players stand for this evil !!! i want to see these whining spoiled brats go to another country and make millions. o yes no other country pays for spoiled brats to play a game. people don't get it. we will not have any freedom if we have no  country anymore. where is people's brains go hello !!! If we keep going down this path we are going be broke!!!!
From all the reasoning Americans to the world: We apologize for the nonsense and ignorance of this man, we in the true mayority do not want this guy. Many Trump voters wish they had listened to Bernie 😂,  we are working in getting rid of this chump.🕜💸👊💢 and to get america back up from the stations of education, employment, and health sectors it is sadly in.
Trump should be helping rebuild Puerto Rico but yet he's still ranting on pointless issues
This dude has no room to talk about sports at all, what he needs to worry about is how much time he will have left in the office if he keeps this bullshit up because I already want this asshole out of office right now, I mean who is he to say that NFL players need to be fired for taking a knee during the national anthem I mean its freedom of speech. This guy is a fucking disgrace to this country and deserves to be fired as president. #FUCKTRUMP
IN A DEMOCRACY PROTESTING IS A BASIC CIVIL RIGHT.. HOWEVER, THE PROTEST SHOULD NOT VIOLATE THE DIGNITY OR THE RIGHTS OF OTHER PEOPLE... THE BLACK NFL PLAYERS ARE TRYING TO HIGHLIGHT A WRONG BY DOING ANOTHER...DISRESPECTING THE  FLAG OF YOUR GREAT NATION IS PERVERSION.....I THINK THESE GUYS JUST JEOPARDIZED THEIR ORIGINAL AGENDA.......
Freedom to kneel, freedom for their employers to fire them for it, freedom to boycott the NFL. Period
you know what? GO TRUMP
Beware Alabama voters Trump may have had to do a deal with the devil. Check Bannon on fox news. Mitch McConnell endorses Strange and given millions to get him in.
he said the flag, but not the soil rich with the blood of patriots?
I wipe my ass with the flag everyday. Thats all its good for now that trump destroyed the country.
Chad W , lmfao xbox is not serving our country 😂
Fuck that ugly ass Donald trump trying to make life great for white people bitch
We live on a speck of blue in an ocean of darkness - Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that in glory and triumph they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner.\n\nHow frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the universe, are challenged by this point of pale light.  Well said Carl Sagan!
Well said! It's completely disrespectful to do that to our anthem
Stupid Americans.......\nRetard nation.....\nPower to Black people....\nFrom Croatia with love.... 😂😂👍
yall.... you're president is wining over some people excising their right to free speech while we're on the brink of war with N. Korea and a whole ass territory of ours is literally without power and destroyed. Trump is literally a damn joke. His ass was never fit for this job if he can't focus on the real issues surrounding this country.
I'm a vet and have and would risk my life so that people have the right to free speech.  This isn't free speech, it's misdirected and an insult.  Trump is just saying what 3/4 of Americans feel, that this is an inappropriate way to protest and that it's disrespectful to veterans and America as a whole (in his own offensive way).  Arrogant elites don't care and will tell you if you should be upset.  Next they will burn the flag at a game and claim that we shouldn't be upset.  I don't need the NFL or any other sport that has such disrespect.
They're being disrespectful to the flag you cunts. It stands for America. Literally, you're just letting the flag and America down. Leave the country.
I would like to apologize to our President for telling him to stfu. My emotions got a the best of me. Even though I don't agree with him but he's still our President.
🤔🤔He missed a great opportunity to try to turn some rich Black guys Republican.😶😶😶 I wonder what would happen if a couple hundred of HIS employees decide to take the knee?
Wow i cant believe people are still on this. Its been going on for years now. Can we as a people just admit americans in general struggle with doing the humane thing and move on?\n\nIts not like that country or its people really care. If they did trump wouldve been removed from office long ago. No instead we do this cherry picking dance where one side goes oh the other is so bad. While the other side does the same. Both sides will find ways to fuck everyone over and americans and america will go right back to being racist at the end of the day. \nJust look up US's history. A disastrous nation that committed to letting the jews die right up till they joined the war  during the world war. And again with its confederate war, placing war-criminal statues in areas that used to sell slaves as a constant stinging reminder for slavery. And again with trying to repeal and replace the aca, 3 attempts to throw hundreds of people with life threatening illnesses off of life saving healthcare (affecting men, women, children, infants, the elderly and the severely sick) for money \n\nThese are just really bad people who pretend like theyre nice but honestly couldnt give two shits about anyones life or death as long as they get money. \n\nAfter a while of that shit you realize, naw its not the american politics thats messed up, its the people! They simply care more about money than any person living or dying - thats why in a democractic nation you get people like hillary and trump running. \nEnough excuses: americans are racist assholes. See there! Now no matter how bad their politics get its just becomes: oh yeah thats to be expected just look at the people.
Says the guy who fled the draft 😂😂😂😂.
Trump is a stupid old fucking airhead as dumb as dog shit !
Bum
liberalism ruin football
Little penis talks shit
CNN fake news employees......Faggots, baby killers, skank bitches, crack whores, ass rammers, cock-suckers, lesbians, dyke cunt munchers, black dick eaters, bottom ass fuckers, GOD haters,  shit stains, cum bubbles, quaff farts, anal lubers, ass finger fuckers, homo shit eaters, cum guzzlers, fetus eaters, abortion lovers, shitty dick lickers, piss drinkers, asshole pirates, fist fucking ass reamers, tuna cootch bitches, mackerel breath twats, taint biting dick swallowing animal fuckers. ...\nAnd Anderson's POOPER.
He's fired 👉🏼
peace and love
I try to follow politics as little as possible, but wow this is so embarrassing.
Proper Flag Etiquette\nNever Dip the flag for anyone or anything\nNever place the flag horizontal\nNever let the flag touch the ground\nNever wear the flag as clothing\nNever cover the flag\nNever use the flag to cover anything\nNever lay the flag flat or carry anything on it\nNever use the flag as decorations\nNever tie up or fold back the flag, always let it fly free
I have to be honest. Yeah. I would love if an owner did that.
Why can't blacks get it through their thick skull that whites today aren't responsible for their damn slave ancestors 2-300 years ago and if they don't like this country's history then maybe they should go back to where their ancestors originated from. Everything has to revolve around blacks these days like wtf. America would also be less racist if people who don't support it go back to their home country.
Great speech. We in Germany forgot what is national pride.
Funny, isn't it that when nazis and klans men take to the streets carrying torches, traitorous flags and guns, it's Free Speech.. But if NFL players simply TAKE A KNEE, now that's where the Trumpettes draw the line. That's high treason. Assholes.
Your just a smug son of a bitch always talking out your ass.i can't believe this is the actual president
This man doesn’t like black or white but he does LOVE ❤️ Money 💰
He doesn't respect the world ...and he wants respect for a flaggy'', here we go, all the WASP wanna be parroting on
That's a total disrespect... YOU KNOW WHAT IS DISRESPECTFUL CALLING SOMEONE A SON OF A B*TCH  BECAUSE YOU CAN'T SEE THEIR F*CKING POINT OF VIEW BECAUSE YOU'RE SO CAUGHT UP IN YOUR SELF!
You have to respect the flag or lose your job..... coughfeeling like nazi America
Trump is the best and most realistic president that this country has ever had.  :)
What a fucking girl man, not everyone likes youre fucking country unfortunately. LIVE WITH IT !
The owners are cowards. Afraid to do the right thing.
TRUMP IS A COMPLETE DISRESPECT FOR ALL I STAND FOR... \nLIKE TRUTH, THE CONSTITUTION AND FREEDOM!!!!!
This Idiot has to be a Comedian, he can't be real....LMAO..#BUM
Finally an America loving president after 8 years of U.S.A. hating POS Obama and the whole Democrat Party.
Funny how he is all up on the NFL players for taking a knee and calling it disrespect but yet he is disrespecting latinos, black, etc. hypocrite asf 😂💀
Disrespectful to kneel in protest. Ok . What about calling people you don't even know sons of bitches. And why is the president talking about NFL ratings when we have so many issues in this country and around the world. Where are your priorities and you're the president. It's embarrassing
ABSOLUTELY!!!! WAY TO GO TRUMP.... FK THOSE THAT DISRESPECT THE HONOR OF THE USA!!!
jeez a lot of people in the comment section are pathetic.
politics  and sport don't mix, respect  and  no bullying .sometime People  make mistakes,  a good man can say sorry,  and move on.  We all make mistakes, Black or white \nEveryone  has a s the right to live  and not be killed . Everyone  must follow  laws ,respect  goes both ways, police  must respect  human rights and not shoot unarmed  people
Fuck all of this coverage about the athletes protesting, this is the lowest fucking thing we have to worry about in this country right now.  We could potentially go to war with NK, our foreign relations are going to hell day by day, and we have become the laughing stock of the world because of Trumps horrible leadership.  Every msm channel has jumped on this retarded bandwagon to distract everyone from how fucked our situation is actually becoming, there are far more important things than Trump vs.  protesting athletes .
Demands that NFL players respect the flag or risk getting fired. Disrespects the flag by not saluting it during the National Anthem.
WHO HATES TRUMP?\n\n█▬█ █ ▀█▀ LIKE
God Bless Emperor Trump.
Sports is sports, politics is politics, etc. Alot of people don't know that NFL is a patriotic sport, its not a sport that just came out. NFL has always been an American family sport. People barbeque, have parties, relatives together from great distances. Its like the first thanksgiving for the year for diehard Americans. Now you go shit on the flag then you indirectly will cause a shift in the tides. Now live with it and brace for impact from the backlash. You want to protest go on the streets Don't be lazy.
I'm waiting for the day Donald Trump gets fired
crazy country with crazy president u representing a big threat to this world
God Bless the Dallas Cowboys and owner Jerry Jones for showing Trump that we are The United States of America, this is NOT Trumpamerica. Amen guys! That was awesome!
The US must be warned that Trump is a populist. He's not different to Chaves or Castro. He uses people's simbols to take advantage for himself. He uses 'Divide and rule' and wants to create a crack between the people of the United States calling everyone who isn't at his side a traitor. If this trend continues he will turn the US into a third world country.
Punish them Mr President. Time to sanction these wayward owners.
FUCK! YOU! TRUMP!
Oh look what you've done now, dotard! Just added fuel to the fire! Oh not to mention, for all you Trump supporters, when North Korea launches a Nuke over here and people are dying, this Stupid Son of Bitch will be in a bunker while America Citizens are dying. Make America Great Again! Yeah Fucking Right, let's start a 3rd World War because our POTUS doesn't know how to shit the fu#@ up and talk to people other than his own base.
It didnt take him that long to talk about this and for some reason it took longer for him to say neo-nazis and white supremacist are bad people
Look its #BLACKLIVESMATTERNEWS #CNNFAKENEWS
Trump is a racist...a filthy lowlife with an orange face clown hair small hands and no intellect....in addition to being a born liar and a Putin buttboy....a traitor.
Glad to have a president who is brutally honest
That's right!!!
Why the fuck are these football players getting all political for! Stupid fool get off your knees and show some respect
Wtf did I just watch
Love my president! ❤️
Free speech?
I fucking love Trump!!! Whooooo
Supreme Leader Donald John Trump!
what a joke
He was trying to be memey \n\n\n\n\nHe failed.
What kind of president used son of a bitch in a public place
Wouldn't it be great to see that when a president tried to build a wall around our country like it's a damn prison, to say get that SOB out of the white house. Your fired!!!
Who cares about a damn flag🤷🏾‍♀️
Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Camacho is a better president than him
Damn trump is the fuckin man
We're so totally fucked because of this motherfucka
Trump is actually fucking stupid he isn’t getting the dilemma that what the NFL players are doing is to show more respect to The U.S and why Is he focusing on this he should be worrying about the fucking world because of him where seeing WW3 Smh Trump Smh 🤦🏻‍♂️
Everything We Stand for is not you DONALD TRUMP
Sports fired!  Boycotting all of it, head turned forever
Since when did kneeling become a sign of disrespect?\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genuflection
What a horrible leader, awful choices of words. Fucking clown
Suck a dick trump ass bitch
2 term president.
Fake news
YESYESYES !!!\nGO TRUMP !!!\nUSAUSAUSA !!!\n#RIPTHENFL !!!
#FuckDonaldTrump
Suck on my dick like a damn lollipop BOYYY lollipop🍭
Eat shit and die CNN
YG- F**k Donald Trump
Fuck Trump
Go trump!
This isn't about kneeling and disrepecting a flag!!\nIt's about Trump and his long running hatred of the NFL, going all the way back to the 1980's\nAnd his comment that 'the issue wasn't about race'! \nWHAT?!?!?!?!\nThat's exactly what it's about!!!\nDoesn't this moron know  the reasons for the protests?\nI'm white, and would be proud to kneel with those guys and girls!\nTrump is doing this all for one person, himself!\nThe President of Earth!\nPlaying to the crowd!\nAnd of course, it detracts from what's really happening in the USA, and around the world!\nA national flag is just a rag, and a national anthem is just a song!\nIt isn't about life and death, war or peace, or race or religion, that's where reality kicks in!\nTrump performs in his own, so called, 'Reality Show'!\nstay tuned for the next episode!
Trump is the worst president in our nation's history. They voted for a reality show and they got it.
I like B1A4 since MV Baby Goodnight  but I will be Thai Bana cause this album Rollin'.
Now I tje meaning of this video first  one jasbeen fallin into the  deep then cnu looking up in the sky as if waiting for an answer then they are  grouping as showing aupport for each other then baro asking god to give him sign that the girl he cares love him then all of a sudden they're conveying  to one another and they're starting to run as if they're  looking for someone  then at the end someone looks like is rollin and falling into the deep... DAEBAK.. Well done B1A4 lets fly... Fighting!!!!!
this is so b1a4! It already grew on me haha can't stop listening to this xD
This is so fresh!!! Jinyoung has really improved with his songs!!! AHHHHH~
Lol....i've been in kpop for a while..I knew there was a group called B1A4...I got to know their name from their Bof parody...even watched their Girl group covers but never listened to them...Till I watched their AuA appearance and I fell for them...
I love this so much. <3 my jaw dropped the moment I heard it, and it's been on repeat since then. It's absolutely beautiful. The song just feels and sounds nostalgic. B1A4 has out done themselves. I love them ^^ Let's get this to 1 million views BANA <3
I mean, i have already been a multifan , why not B1A4 heh?
Its like western+kpop got into one ! Amazing B1A4 😍
i'M SCREAMING!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS SO GOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDD ]sodijsdskadj I LOVE THEM SO MUCH <3
This song feels like hollywood to me. Best song from kpop for this year i guess
Shit. This is so good. Well no wonder. They never dissapointed us. This so be in my anthem list
This song is seriously good! 👏👏👏
Rollin' in the deep..... Love u B1A4 , CNU,Gongchan, Sanduel,Jinyoung & Baro.....
Daebak
B1A4 YAAAAAAS!!!!
How short this song is!!!
are you sure that its  b1a4.\naahhh,,, really different looks.\nlike watch one group debut.\nthey are so fantastic
Kpop songs are starting to sound all the same...
I really like the song but the mv isn't my favorite.
this comeback is one of my favorite. Thanks b1a4!!! I cant wait to get my album!!!!
Love you Jinyoung...you're the best... B1A4 the BEST...
 i'm lolling in the day \n\nkinda catchy 😂😂
First I heard this, I didn't like it.\n\nNow I rape the replay button.
spanish bana love you guys, thisnsong is fantastic😍 I am dancing since second 0:00 ^^/♡
I like this part 2:11 the sound.☺☺☺
And... This gonna stuck in my head for days
Omg they really did some major changes 💕💕💕💓 still b1a4s tune tho 🎶
They all look and sound amazing. CNU and Gongchan's hair are slaying me. CNU looked so good in the red hair and now this look is just 👌👌👌🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
CNU'S FUCKIGNF HAIR IM CRYIGN HOW PERFEC T I HAD A HEARTATACK WOW THEY DID THAY MY BABIES COMEBACK IS SO BEAUTIFUL
Woah such a fresh song and looks From B1A4 :))
IC here support B1A4 & BANA😍😍😍😍\nLOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH 😍😍😍
One of my favorite in kpop world... B1A4 . Fighting  😘😘
I'm falling into this song so hard!
love their album once again!
EDM in the air and C.Nu ohhh my u definitely make my eyes llollliiinnngg loollliiing <3<3
Gong Chan's hair surprised me in a good way.. <3
i lit skimmed over this. I have just startd to get into him. GOD DAMN.
I need this album intro or instrumental. Usually i put b1a4 newest album intro as alarm or ringtone. The last time i changed it was almost one year ago 😂
CNU WITH BLONDE HAIR IS MY LIFE ❤
B1A4 YOU BETTER COME THROUGH!!! 👏👏👏🔥🔥
Once you hear B1A4 song you will know right away that it's theirs, like Oh! It's B1A4 song!. They could change their concept or theme but their uniqueness are always there, from 1st album till now they never leave their roots. Indeed great job.
This song is so fresh, it great guys
Are they saying Rolling in the day? If not I'm embarrassed..
This song is rollin' through my head 24/7!  <3
Why do i feel the same vibe as winner's song omomomo  B1A4 & BANA 1 MILLION go go go
I miss they so bad TTuTT \nB1A4&Bana
YAAYY A COME BACK! \nThey all look and sound so good! \n\nB1A4 has been one of those groups that i know since my entrance in the kpop world, but that i never actively staned as much as i do stan other groups. But i love them and always support their work!❤️
i love this new melody
The feel is akward you can tell it's been a while for the boys but BANAs always here to support the boys good job
Omg!  B1A4 so awesom.\nI falling in love with Sandeul again. 😂😂😂😍💖💖💖
CNU OH MY GOD SO IS THIS YOUR REAL FORM???? Last time I saw CNU he was in man bun and thick glasses???
So catchy!  I really enjoy it!  Great job guys!
Lolling in the deep
im inlove again!
노래 진짜 너무 좋다
아너무이뻐ㅜㅜㅜ 노래짱좋다ㅜㅠ
Uhm.  2:23 Where's Gongchan?  😢
진짜 좋다
아앙ㄱ 진짜 좋다 아악!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AHH I FREAKED OUT WHEN I SAW THIS, B1A4. I LOVE YOUUU
💘💘💘
386,507
Very cool 👌👌
Bout to stream the fuck outta this because issa bop and YouTube out here cheating.
💕
Wow! B1A4!!! 👏❤
Lol! Sounds like: I'm lolling! I'm lolling! I'm lolling!
wow, nice song!
im rollinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Los amo muchito <3 Jinyoung bias de amorcito >.<
I like CNU hair now 😍
Barooo
Baro❤️
好き
374,484 views
Finally B1A4 comebackkkk!!!!!
Cuties!!!!
😊😊😊 good song ^^
LOVE IT!!
Amazing😍
💖💖💖
As amazing as always❤
Mis bebés, lo hacen genial. 😢💙
A vibe dessa música é realmente muito boa, quando escuto ela me esqueço de tudo.❤❤❤😍
yey they are back 😍😍😍
Jinyoung, CNU, Sandeul, Baro, Gongchan. B1A4, daebak!
a BOP.\n💚💚💚💚
いつになってもやっぱり素敵だなって思うのが本当にすごいと思う
I know there are people who says it's kinda late for them to produce this sort of tropical house music but hey!!  Isn't it fresh for B1A4 to do this genre since they have not done this before?  Yes you may have heard a zillion of tropical house music but hey this is different because it has B1A4 vibes in it. You should hear the rest of the tracks. It's good.
넘나 좋아용\n이번 앨범 꼭 사야할듯!
제주도에서 찍은거보다 먼가더이상하네
진짜 다 개예쁘다 미친 외모들에 말잇못... 산들 오빠 겨론하자 진심이야 ㅠㅠ
노래 너무 좋다고 진짜ㅠㅠㅜㅜㅜ뮤비도 짱짱이고 애들 미모도 짱짱이고 걍 다 짱짱이라고ㅠㅠㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜㅠㅠㅠㅜㅜㅜ사랑해ㅠㅠㅠ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
노래좋으니깐 많이들어주세요~😍
으어어어어 ㅠㅠㅠㅠ 노래좋고 뮤비좋고 스밍만 잘하자 제발 ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
Lo ame wnn♡ por favor más apoyo para mis banos ;-;♡
قمة الرقة و النظافه 😊 .... هو ده الفن بصراحة
rất hay mong nhóm tiếp cố gắng Jinyoung tuyệt vời
wtf that beach is down the road from my house HAHAHA
Am getting some seriiiiiuos mino vibes from baro
Yes Asking Alexandria yes! 😍❤️🔥
Welcome back Danny mate!!! YES! 🤘🏻
I'm in love with THIS.  \nI'm gonna need the same wind in this video when me and my boys in ALLISON RED shoot our music videos
Is this still a band? 😂😂💀
Feel's like strong spirit while i hear danny worsnop screaming again ,good luck Asking you didn't wrong chose a legend to be
If you commercial band why is so hard write a super hit?? like a pussy its suck
OMG IN LOVE!!!!! AND I'M ONLY MINUTE INTO IT!!!!!!!!! 😍
But is it take em all back or take him out back? Take him out back is what makes sense to me given the context, and it sound way more badass, but hey, what do I know
I fucking love this song
Going to be seeing them for a third time on January 15th along with bvb and cte. I can’t wait for this album to drop man. AA is back 🤘
...FINE! It's pretty fucking good. I wasn't expecting that.
I had my worries about Dani coming back but if he able to admit what he did wrong in a song he will slowly get my resptic back
I love his voice ,great song anyway
Those boots though... I want some but like the affordable knock off ones because I am a broke ass college guy lol
I wish it was heavier, it still sounds cool though
i am waiting for this
Hell Yeah!! That is an AWESOME comeback!!!
How much you guys wanna bet Denis will get back with Make Me Famous just to steal this FIRE. lol that guy's a phony.
Damn this was great,  pre ordered  yes yes yes. \nThose vocals shine in this.
Danny <3 i love u so much , georgeous music
Thank fuck they are back ladies and gentlemen sounding better than ever. Asking Alexandria!!!!
This genre just suits Danny's voice so fucking god holy shit.
He kills all the old versions of themselves. Giving birth to the new AA
I never heard this band but I just found out my favorite band Black Veil Brides are touring with them 2018 so I figured I should educate myself before I see them live.
He's fucking back bitches...and better than ever 😜😏
Put your seatbelt on young man
Don’t listen to them that much but damn I’m hooked I love Danny’s raspy voice
Best AA song in a while 🎸
Love this 
This is the most all over the fucking place sounding band I've ever heard, they don't know wtf they wanna sound like
God bless I can listen AA again.
Welcome back Danny. The band just wasn't the same during your time away. I'm loving this song so much and I'm looking forward to the new album. \m/
Hi i'm a new fan what songs of these people should i get to listening to?
wasnt there another dude singing last time? i do not get it
Sure as hell missed this!!!
well I guess it's true, Asking Alexandria are incapable of making good music. I've been waiting for more good music since Reckless and Relentless but sadly that was their last good album.
Why do bands sound so good starting hard, then they go soft? Don't give me they are growing crap. Look at All Tha Remains latest.
I reviewed the song on my channel, check it out.
Dennis had this band on TOP....hope Danny can keep it there
This is a really good soing by asking Alexander so much better to have Danny back in the band can't wait to hear the album
Yessss yes yessss!!!!! 💓
Welcome danny 🖤
Into the FIIIIREEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
DANNY!!!!
This song rocks!
https://youtu.be/qqnz4OiBpDY sub Español asking Alexandria sub ingles asking Alexandria
Oh, Ty fuck this, Oh Sz Damn Sz
q sonsera !
asking alexandria i love
#HailMelomanosdelaGrasa
The best song
omg this not AA
ssslllowww
Pudim
welcome home danny
ME ENCANTO!!! <3 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💓💖💕❤
❤
the farmer joe kill ben bruce shit!!! :,v
De puta madre, carnalito!!
A\nM\nE\nM \nAsking Alexandria revivioooooooooooo siiiiiii Danny volviooooooooooooo
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
He looks like Obi-wan
Danny is back?realy?wow
hate it
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Me encora <3
Sin City vibes
.-.
danny <3
Чет русских в коммент-листе нет\nскажу одно: е боииииии
I want to start off with i am completely a danny fanboy. All day. But this is fucking perfect, his vocal performance is fantastic. The bands musicianship is fantastic. And those lyrics, i relate to them so much. Danny is king. AA together are gods.
NONE STOP REPEAT. Come for my daily listen.
Does anybody else get the first punisher vibe from this?
R.I.P that mustang and hello Into The Fire
So stoked for the new album thank God Danny is back
Their guitarists are so uncreative compared to some others in the genre. These guys used to be the shit back in the day, there are so many better bands these days. Maybe they'll prove me wrong when the album comes out, but I can't see it.
Hey Jesus Cristo is  coming soon  wake up Thais is right
remember when everyone was booing Denis for fucking up the bands sound and making it generic? Same thing here. Except that they were never bad 😁
Now this is something i can dig. Fuckin' hell, that was really heavy... and those vocals fucking incredible! This new AA is something i can rock.
nice song, 12/15 to the next
Nice, other album like From Death To Destiny !!
#intothefire 9/21
I want Canada
Best comeback Ever !
Perfect ♥️
Welcome back
very awesome)))
Can officially rock out with the c*ck out..  I love Denis but Danny is awesome!  Keep rocking and haters can get high fived to the face with a shovel
I feel like this is the aa I've really been expecting to hear for years now
His voice is so mich more unique than Denis Stoffs. His voice was meant for rock/metal music. Unlike whiny mcgee.
AA
That breakdown... mhh.... so damn good!
Wellcome back Danny!!
Absolutely one of the best songs they have written. The December can’t come quick enough, this album is going to be amazing
Asking Alexandria has awoken, the band resurfaced and is back in the old style but with fresh and new influences\nI'm hyped!\nThe song itself is pure glory, the video has meaning and danny is back!
danny's voice is top notch these days
Does Ben always stand on the road and look when the car reaches him?
Danny I think it's time you talk to Jesus
Pinche rola excitante
What happened to their old singer? Is this a new guy?
It'll be a sad day if Tim gives Domo the boot. Domo is one of the family... why not get rid of Tim instead?
So disappointed in Tim.
thats so sad that Tim favours chubby over Domo...poor dog.. shouldn't have favourites..
WTF?! How can he even consider giving Domo away especially for a simple problem that can be solved through  crate training!! ??? I've only had my puppy for 2 months and it was  difficult at first with his training but never in a million years would I give him away !!!
May try having her latch on and do a quick switcharoo on her and switch from boob to bottle.
I can understand why people are upset about Domo but people are overreacting with calling him a douchebag...If you've never had a super anxious dog with their little dog quirks and ALSO have to take care of babies with limited sleep, it can be very frustrating and stressful. And people, you need to consider how sanitary that would be with the kids walking and crawling around! What if one day baby Ayla was crawling around and found a dry dingle berry and put it in her mouth?! I wouldn't lie--I'd be kinda pissed. So, I wouldn't believe anyone who didn't at least consider giving their dog away in that type of situation. And just to clarify, I'm not agreeing with giving Domo away, and hope they exhaust all options before such a big decision.. but people need to take a chill pill...Agree to disagree and move on. \n\nAnd Bubz, my Annelise would only take milk from a como tomo 5 oz bottle. Even then, she would take it sometimes and sometimes she would refuse. Eventually she just started to drink it after we kept practicing with her with me away from her...I've heard things like make Tim wear a scarf with your scent and maybe she'll think it's you.. Or you can give her warmed milk instead of room temp milk.
Oh my gosh I love your baby
Is it bad, that I want Ayla and Taika (Barts and Geos baby) meet one day once they grow up :D
i get headaches from not drying sinc ei was a teen... and white hair ever since i was 14. (turning 22 in nov) QQ
There are more comments about Domo than any advice or tips to help Ayla drink expressed milk.
Hi Lindy.. maybe you can try cup feeding or syringe feeding?
Bubz try giving Ayla one bottle a day to get her use to taking it, and try different kinds of bottles. My daughter is picky and would only take the mam bottles. She's definitely got better at taking expressed milk when I went back to work but she always prefers the breast over bottle. Hope this helps. 😊💕
please anyone if you know how to solve domo's problem write it in a comment, it would be heart breaking for him
2:20 Isaac looks EXACTLY like Tim it's hilarious
I really Hope Tim was joking when he said he would gove Domo away, or at least regret what he said. Domo is just feeling like he's not as loved as he is used to. If you give him away he will feel even worst! I understand have 2 kids now they would have less time for their dogs but giving Domo away is not the answer here..
Re-do intro time! 💘💘💘💘
Legit thought your legs at the end was Isaac's bum for a second there!
No... I'm not gonna say it...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHE NEED SOME MILK!!
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Maybe you can try sending the dogs to doggie day camp or having a walker come by to take the dogs for longer, more active walks? I've been a dog walker for 5 years and I've always noticed that more high strung dogs are able to get redirect anxious energy so you will probably find him less likely to poop in the house🐕🐾
My first son also refused the bottle, my mom syringe fed him, just putting drops on the tongue, also spoon feedings works the same way. I only suggest this for small amounts like 30ml. Family can also try sneaking a bottle feeding when baby is still half asleep. Have them use one of your worn shirts (mommy smell) when they feed her.
Try Kiinde Bottles!! Our son is breastfed and he will take them! They have been a life saver!
she is aging really poorly. and using your own children as a money making machine is just really messed up.
The way she grabs him by them cheeks......
Try a different nipple on the bottle!
I love your kids, but to be honest I really missed all the vlogs with the dogs :(
You know what worse is a kid doesn't want play with toy. I can't buy anything toy for my nephew
Hey Lindy, how did you train your dogs? I'm thinking of getting a puppy, it will be my first time xD
Domo just misses the way things were poor dog.
our dog also started pooping inside when we put up a lil gate to keep her from going upstairs. Still rebelling at her old age
Bubz, buy a couple of different branded bottles and try those. Just buy a single of each or the smallest number pack so you don't waste too much money, but often they don't take to certain brands because of the shape etc. There's a brand advertised on Facebook a lot called Minbie which has a unique shaped teat and has brilliant reviews from mums in your situation where baby wouldn't take a bottle at all and it's worked for them. But I imagine they're more expensive so try shop brought brands first :) xo
From a mum of a 3 month old: I express in the mornings at 5am. If you're up anyways try pumping your breast milk into bottles and have her bottle feed at least once a day. She will get used to it. Also try using different brands of bottles/teats as some babies can be more picky than others. Xx
How month old is baby ayla?
i havent really noticed the reality of bub's height until i saw her with that stroller o.o
You should put isaac in swimming lessons!
Omg.... I love those cheeks!  Remind me of my daughter when she was a newborn....
she doesn't want the bottle because she's used to your boob.  The way they suck the nipple is different than the bottle nipple, so it probably frustrates and confuses her.  if you're going to do the bottle, then try sticking to the bottle only because going back and forth confuses them.  and hopefully.... she'll get used to the bottle nipple... good luck.
I rmb when I tried to give bottle to my daughter, I kind of fooled her into it. \nI would put her all set up in my breastfeeding position, pull out my boob, as she's about to latch on I put the bottle right there for her. from then on she was fine with bottle lol.
Make sure that the bottle nipple has the same shape and resistance as your nipple has she will take it better.
My daughter is exclusively breastfed and will only take a medela bottle I would try warming up the expressed milk with the nipple being warm my daughter was extremely picky about the temperature of the expressed milk and would only drink it if it was warm. I would also try pace feeding when bottle feeding it really worked well for my family and we introduced the bottle as soon as 5 day she will only take breast from me but takes the bottle with everyone else. I would also see if Tim can place a clothing item which smells like you when giving the bottle that may help also which could lay on his shoulder. I went back to work full time when my daughter was 10.5 weeks old she still favors the breast when I'm home but always will take the bottle of my expressed milk when I'm away.
If u wana get Lala on bottle, try the Japanese brand Pigeon, they have regular bottle or wide mouth bottle. 80% of my friends has changed to Pigeon bottles coz babies won't take Avent or other brand. My 3m old son been using Pigeon for my expressed milk since 3weeks old. Regular teak is longer than wide mouth teak, so just need to figure out which is better! good luck!
I really hate people who even think to give their dog away. Just lost my respect for Tim.\nI’ll have to unsubscribe,i’m sorry.\nBut I can’t stand people like that...
Don't give your dog away. Rescue is full of abandoned dogs as it is. He has separation anxiety. Let him back in your bedroom or get help
Domo looks so sad :( \nDomo was such a good big bro to Issac when Issac was a baby.  Please don't give up on him.
I know that pool! Been years since I have been. The slides scare me and being in a swimsuit is not enjoyable.\n\nAyla so chubby and cute.
We used NUK bottles. They have a more “nipple” look in my opinion and my little one took it. He was extremely picky about boob feeding, but he would take those in a pinch.
Where is the penguin Issiac carries around from ???
MY BOTTLE FEEDING ADVICE \n\nTry:\n\nHolding the bottle with thumb and index finger while having the middle finger resting either on her cheek or chin, which ever feels comfortable to give her a similar feeling of what she feels when being nursed.\n\nHolding bottle at different degrees, nipple of bottle has to reach/touch her comfort spot
Try different type of bottle like como tomo bottles work for us my son is almost two weeks younger than ayla
I LOVE your new stroller but they're so expensive!!!
I wonder if Bubz's kids would have a better grasp at language at an earlier age just because she often speaks to video camera in front of them :D
These always make me smile
Perhaps Domo would benefit from a prescription night-time anxiety pill.   I can tell you this:  if you were to get rid of him over this issue, it will haunt you the rest of your life.
You could get a doggy door installed, that way you can lock them downstairs and they can go outside as they wish. Our dog goes outside on his own to relieve himself
My boyfriend is having a similar issue with his dog Jack. He's only almost nine months old but due to work and time he didn't realize how much work it takes to train a dog. Jack kind of goes wherever. I'm hoping to get a spare key so I can take him to dog lessons and even possibly litter box train him since the current living situation makes it difficult for him to go out much. We were late potty training because of the lepto disease going around so we kept him indoors. Any tips from anyone would help as well!
Maybe it would be a good idea to crate them at night so they can't run around at night
For the potty training stuff for domo, I would suggest closing off a smaller area for them to sleep. If the area is too big, they feel more comfortable pooping everywhere. Also, try to make them poop at night before bed. Just have them leashed and don't go inside until they poop and just make this a routine
The dogs are not neglected ... Why? Because we don't see it in her vlogs. Behind the camera they are  loved and cared for ,most dogs don't get the privilege to sleep or live inside a warm or cool home. Other dogs with  Domo current situation would probably be thrown outside by their owners. So at the end of the day we all know that Domo won't be given away, because he's Alya and Isaacs big brother >.<! 
Bubz you should train Domo to use the toilet!
Domo seems depressed and stressed because he isnt allowed to sleep with his owners. I dont mean to sound rude but thats most likely why hes been pooping all over the house. Thats why I dont allow my pets to sleep on the bed or in the room with me. They have their own little beds in the living room, maybe even try crate training him? I used to keep mine in a crate at night, it worked for me and my family.
Hey Bubz! I know you get a lot of comments, but I hope you read this one. Maybe you should think about putting Domo in a crate for the night. Dogs instinctively don't want to pee/poo where they sleep, so they will hold it until they are let out. He seems to me to be emotionally stressed because of the changes in the house, and letting him just downstairs gives him enough room to do what I like to call protest poos. I know it won't help with the stress, but it might save you from having to pick up poo every morning!
My baby is three months and is having an issue with taking the bottle as well. I noticed that when I hold him he refuses it but if I prop him on his Boppy and give it to him while he is on it, he takes it! I think that he associates me holding him with breastfeeding!
What if you put him in a kennel at night
OMG there the cuttest kids i have ever seen!!!
wait, what happens if Ayla wants to play with it in the future ? or u guys just dismantal the toy house and put the thing away? I know it's kinda not my biuness but it its a thought though.
your videos always cheer me up when i’m having a hard day!
I know the dogs can't sleep with you but what about if they slept with Isaac? It could possibly calm Domo's nerves. That or crate train him
8:42 at first i thought someone was bareass naked on your bed.... assumed it was Ayla. But just turns out to be your calves.
I think I've been watching bubzvlogz videos since 2014. It was in that year that I discovered that I had anxiety and depression, I had a hard time leaving home and ended up stopping my life for a year. The videos of this family were one of the forces that encouraged me to fight against my negative thoughts because I wanted to have a family like theirs. I remember how the dogs were clinging to both of them, and seeing Dommo that way makes me very sad. Of course, Tim and Lindy have two kids and that totally changes the dynamics of the house but hearing what Tim said broke my heart. I hope they can find a solution and that Dommo can overcome their anxiety! <3
As a mom that breastfed her babies, the advice I have is if you are going to give her milk using the bottles don't try to do so when you are around.  The baby smells you and she will refuse the bottles.  If that still doesn't work try using different types of bottle nipples until you find the one she likes (look for some that mimics the shape of yours). Good luck!
I just watched the first few seconds...and omg she is so freaking cute!! 😍
I haven't watched bubs in about 2 years omg!!!
Well for starters, you should never scold a dog for doing their business inside. They will only learn to poop or pee inside when you aren't around to see. And if it goes time between him pooping and being scolded he won't understand why you are yelling at him. It's better to use positive reinforcement when they do what you want them to, in this case do their business outside. For example, give food or compliments when he does it.
Lol the baby so cute. She look like a old granny with a smooth face and no teeth when smiling. Kawaiiiiiiiii ☺️
Oh my God, Ayla is such a precious little bundle, I just want to cuddle her.
I understand the frustration with a pet with a new baby. You feel like you’ve got enough on your plate. My cat is really cute but very very naughty. He used to stand next to the baby’s cot and howl (no idea why he howls like a dog) and I used to go mad and chase him away! I just had no more patience. He’s always been a mischievous monkey and he’s very needy. I’m on holiday at the minute and my mum has had to stay at ours 😂 6 months later though when it calmed down it all returned to normal. Less stress overall. It’s not the pet’s fault of course but I understand with a newborn your head can’t fathom ANYTHING else. Like I couldn’t work out how to unlock my phone lol. I’m sure you’ll sort something though x
I think Domo feels rejected and there's no love anymore if you keep yelling at him and are guys sure cubbie don't poo anywhere as well to and you blaming Domo?
PLease don't give domo away. It breaks my heart !
Couldn't believe tim actually suggested that. Disgusted by his act seriously. To human, dog is always a dog. But did u even realize in dog's eyes, owner is their only family members? Don't get a dog if you can't give them 100% life time commitment. Their  life is very short anyway. Get a solution rather than just simply saying giving it away. Been following bubz for many years until today dis really made me pissed off. Not gonna subscribe anymore. Really disappointed.
Dear bubz, your family has grown and expanded, so u are in dire need of a new intro. Also, you live on a different continent.
Hearing that someone wants to get rid of a pet just because they're not acting perfect is seriously the saddest thing ever. I couldn't enjoy the rest of the vlog after hearing that. I never thought Tim could be that kind of a person..
I get why Bubz is so frustrated with her dog. She has a child and an infant and isn't sleeping much and all her patience is going to her kids. Now a dog that was trained to go poo in the proper place is having accidents every day. I have been there Bubz, hang in there. Sending your family love and hope people's suggestions help. :)  \nP.S. You guys make adorable babies!
WHY DOES YOUR INTRO HAVE TO BE SO LOUD
My dog had the same problem when she was slowly passing away, couldn't hold her bladder or bowels any longer. So we found a solution that worked with her and my other dog, he was a pup at the time and it really trained them both fast. It is a scented mat that you place anywhere in your home on the floor, and the dog will go straight to it and should do his business on that. It saves a lot of money getting a dog trainer in, we used to get ours in any pet store for under £5, usually went to a poundland, you'll get about 5 in a pack.
For Domo, I would advise a vet who is also an ethology expert, they are experts on animal behaviour and are able to solve these problems in a kind way that can be long term solutions.
You're such a good mum!! 😭
Poodles are very sensitive dogs and therefore can act out if there are changes to their normal routine. I owned a toy poodle like Domo, and he had many behavioral problems and was extremely difficult to train. Of course each dog is different and has their own personality so I don't want to group together all toy poodles. I feel their pain! T__T
Hi Bubz (please read for doggy tips), thought I'd pop a comment in on the Domo situation. First of all his pooping is definitely a form of anxiety and this may be down to seperation anxiety now that he cannot sleep with you; however as far as I can remember watching your videos long before Domo came along, he has always had an issue with not being fully toilet trained. \n\nYou may find crate training him the best way to go; some people think crate training is a bad idea because they think you are caging the animal but actually a crate creates a safe space or 'den' for a dog and can give them somewhere that they can go that is quiet and relaxing. It would be best to put it in a place somewhere where Isaac cannot get to so that if he feels the need to go and chill out he can without being followed. You will need to teach him that the crate is his safe space so crate train him with you in sight first of all before moving him to a quiet area, feed him treats and associate the crate with good behaviour and praise. Start shutting him in at night instead of giving him the run of the house, as not only will he feel safe and secure in the crate but dogs don't mess in the areas where they sleep. Also NEVER EVER shut a nervous, anxious or excited dog in a crate. Make sure that Domo is happy and relaxed every time he goes in it, especially before closing the door on him. Crate training will be best done without the distraction or loud noises of children around and focusing entirely on that could have him trained in a few hours to associate the crate with a relaxing place.\n\nSecondly he will need to be trained again properly how to go outside, he's not too old so he will learn quickly. Again this will need to be done without the distraction of your children or at least keep Isaac inside when you let the dogs out to do their business. Like with puppies you should praise them highly with petting and a treat immediately after they have done their business outside so that they know that is where to go. That puppy training pad (if you still have it) should be removed as Domo is associating that he is still allowed to go indoors, you want him to go ONLY outdoors with no other options. If you are unable to do this then finding a trainer to focus on it when you are unable to is another option.\n\nDogs should be walked twice a day; the more the dogs go outside on the grass and are praised, they will also learn that it is good to mess outside. I walk a dog that refuses to go in it's garden and will only go out on his walk, so walking them lots will be a good opportunity for them to empty their bowels as well as increasing their happiness and tiring them out at bedtime with will result in lessening his anxiety.\n\nLastly do not tell off a dog hours after they have done something wrong, dogs will not understand what they did as it has been too long to make the connection. You should only tell a dog off when you have caught them in the act, telling them off hours later is just wasting your breath. Simply clean up the mess and bleach the floor so the scent of the mess has been removed, this will help to stop Domo from connecting that spot with being a place he can mess in.\n\nI hope this helps, I am currently doing an animal care course. It would be really sad for you to get rid of Domo but it is not uncommon for people to put their pets up for adoption when there is something they can't deal with or no longer have the time for them. Having two children is incredibly stressful but you do have to ask the ultimate question as to whether or not you can continue to offer your pets the highest level of care they need. If you cannot give that a definite answer then perhaps having them adopted to someone who does have the time will make them have the happier and routine life they require, as much as it might hurt you. I hope you manage to sort this soon!
It high key made me sad to hear that Tim might not want to keep Domo😢😭
I mean, I am sure Tim has his favourites but that doesn't mean he should give lesser favourites away. Especially when it comes to pets or children. The dogs were like your first children and we have seen them grow up. So you can understand why a few pet lovers here would consider that a horrible thought. Pets are a responsibility that we choose to adopt in the end, they won't always behave as expected.
Omg your baby is adorable
I just wanna squeeze Ayala's chubby cheeks she's so adorable 😭😭😂
Shes so cute
Poor Domo. He probably feels unwanted. Animals do sense our vibes.
Awwww, Ayla looks so much like Granny Bubz.
I miss you guys alreadyy :(((
Ayla looks like Granny Bubz xD
AWWW
feel bad for Domo.
Don't give away Domo!!!
Strongest glass ever?
Samsung phones are amazingly durable.  I have an S6 Edge Plus and recently I learned I had a hole in my pocket that worst way, getting out of car my phone fell down my inner pant leg and landed below my first foot out, screen down.  I stepped on it putting my full weight on it pushing my screen against a very rough concrete and dirt parking garage floor.  I could feel the phone scrape.  Pretty much a worst case scenario in trying to break my phone.  My screen actually looks a bit worse than your Note 8 after even the 10 bonus drops but it all worst 100% fine... Camera, touch (even over most of the damaged parts), bluetooth, everything.  Major cracks across my whole phone and on the side I stepped on first major pock marks.  I used it like that for 2 weeks with no problem at all, screen is still staying in one piece no pieces coming off.  I finally got a screen protector just in case it decided to fall apart (didn't want to get cut up) and have used it for over a month now, just waiting to see the holiday deals before I probably upgrade to an S8+ or Note 8... though honestly everything still works, might just hold onto it longer.
Apple.. is the best... no matter what...?
So predictable which phone is better
Looks like most iPhones I see everyday.
Strong company strong smartphone go up samsung and stay lie apple cuz u will be the next nokia
I really dont know why people get surprised that a *GLASS* phone back would break in a drop from waist height. What do you expect? It's not like theres really any way to make glass shatter less, its just the nature of the material. Just because its a $1000 phone doesnt make it any less-glass in design, which is the same as saying it wont be any less-shatter prone. They are one in the same when talking about phones. If you are offput by having a glass back then just dont buy the phone. It's a trade off, it looks nicer but has less protection. If you dont want to use a case dont be like wow i cant believe it can break that easily you fucking idiots. ITS GLASS! DONT COMPARE A GLASS BACK TO PHONES WITH COMPLETELY METAL ONES! THEY ARE COMPLETELY DIFFERENT MATERIALS.
Now make it with the most famous Nokia lol
CHECK OUT WHAT SAMSUNG IS PLANNING FOR ITS NEW PHONE SAMSUNG X ON https://gadgetkipotli.wordpress.com/
Confirmed by Planet Mars:::\n*Samsung is the best phone on planet Earth*
AND THAT'S THE HARDEST GLASS SAID APPLE
Note 8 for the win
the iphone x will be worse with bigger screen...
SO IN CONCLUSION THEY BOTH CRACKED.
Let the degenerate dumb fucks continue to buy Iphones, I wish them to lose their jobs or become poor because they actually deserve it.
Give me note 8 that survived and i will pay you 50 to 100 bucks
This is not much of a test because there is no control and a proper test would require you to do it to multiple phones. I watched someone else video and in the first drop, the note 8 was completely shattered to pieces.  That is why they did multiple because sometimes (on android and apple) just one drop could be the end it all depends on the drop. And in the previous video I talked about they did the drop from the same level but for whatever reason the first drop shattered it, but when they got a new on it did fine with the first drop. Just doing one phone does not test the actaul durablitly. I was kind of disappointed about that as well because I truly wanted to know.
Seriously apple? Not laminating the glass on your phone's back? Tsk tsk, how lazy. Phones that are built well don't have that problem.
Who will be the first to make a replacement plastic back?
I'm confused, how did the Iphone 8 lose the bonus round when it literally took 8 drops before it was dead (life support) and he did not drop the Note 8 the same amount of times? Even he was freaking out about how much it took to destroy the iphone.
We all know that a Samsung phone can withstand a 1000 foot fall from a plane with no scratches and no cracks. Now lets see if a iphone can do that from a thousand feet from a plane.
You idiots realize this is a fake video. You honestly don't know how many times he dropped the iPhone. He could've dropped it over 1000 times, but only selected 8 drops. Videos like this are so easily made to convince people that one phone is better than the other. Also, he does not have to disclose that Samsung is paying him to make this video. Nice try dude.
That why i dont use iphone \nIs better samsum do a Sqmsumg a7 vs Note7 \n                   A7 is mine
I was going to get the iphone 8 plus tomorrow but i'm so disappointed with apple 😢😢😢
Where is the note 8 vs iphone 8 plus speed test??
Yep! Samsung built phones like tanks!\nOnce again iShit loses the test...
www.androidauthority.com/samsung-galaxy-note-8-review-795053/amp/
Note8
samsung is best
Note 8😥😔💔
Apple : Most Durable Glass\nSamsung : Say Again Bitch ?😂
hey Minecrafters. FREE Coal rank for first 100 players .... Coupon code: FREECOAL .... Web: http://ww.mineoz.com .... Server: mineoz.net .... Discord: https://discord.gg/P4SgPwH .... Join Today
1:30
samsung win^^
Apple are frauds
Aaaaha que dor no coração
Samsung god job !
Kontol
Note 8 rocks
Best drop test ever
Note 8gna
Por qué el título está en español?
Me duele en el alma ver este video
전질때 튀어오르는건 폰이 그만큼 가볍다는 뜻
وهوه وكاعد ايوكعه كلبي انفطر الف مره هسه غير ينزل النوت 8 اريد اشتريه
أشتري منك ال iPhone و  note يا ابن الشرموطة بكم
No surprise iPhone cheap chinese junk made in sweat shops.
The camera is fucked on the iPhone on the first drop...
Galaxy note 8 is the winner
my heart is broken watching this video. i cant even afford both phones and here they are ahhhhhhh..
iIt's the worst moment when your phone shatters
Apple says the iPhone 8 has the most durable glass ever in an iPhone, front and back.
Is it me or the iPhone's camera lens is damaged after the first drop ??
Round 3 should have been a redo as the Samsung dropped at an angle and didn't even land flat, as indicated by the bounding, and only the edges mostly banged up. Where the iPhone took the full flat hit.
I always knew Apple products were complete shit. Thanks for confirming that.
I have s8 and I suppose is the same of note 8 cause is gorila 5
If I was an iphone phone cover manufacture I would definitely charge 500 dollar for you to protect your glass phone lol.
Samsung is laughing thier ass off cuase apple copy thier signiture style that the glass body and apple is bad at it hahahaha😅😅😅
If you drop your phone this much this happens I think you should maybe invest in a case
so Samsung sold the 2nd strongest glass on the market to iPhone and kept the strongest ones for themselves. lol thats major trolling LMAO
I'm really surprised that note 8 screen is so well built. Iphone 8 is useless.
You can imagine if use iphone x on this drop test
Apple is two years behind and copies Samsung to catch up every event
and if you have a note 8 or an iphone 8 touch buy a glock to watch that they do not rob you or just use it inside your house so that it lasts
These days I would never leave the store without a case
Both phones will not last 2 years
glasses glass and less it's bulletproof glass and I tell you this right now apple is not going to put bulletproof glass on a cell phone they will make $0 off of you sheep. so tell me which one of you sheep is going to go out and buy this thousand dollar paperweight?
Cell phones that cost 1000$ and break apart so easily is a scandal. There are glasses that are much more durable than those of these mobiles. Samsung has Edge that´s why the outcome became like in this test. The shape of the mobiles plays a very big part in how different they can pass the test.
Who else is watching on an S8?!
Note 8 is pricey but its worth buying screen-durable-smartphone. Iphone 8? Its pricey but....i am doubt about it. 😂.
iPhone 8 is the clear winner for me
The trollest glass ever on a smartphone.
Pointless test these days but a good watch. \n\nGlass breaks = put a cover on it.
For reasons I don't know I was praying the iPhone dies😩😩
Well now apple fanboys. What do u say about this!? (DISLIKE ANGRY) 😂😂😂
If you weren't trying to sell Tech21 cases, this so-called test would be much more credible.
Thanks for confirming that Samsung is better quality then Apple...Apple is like a Buick in the car world, high priced with no excitement and OLD people love it...
Iphone ugly phone and Samung Best Smartphone in the world
#i love you Galaxy Note 8 you are monster and second monster killed  you are Great note 8 😍😍😍❤❤❤❤
кто не знал, айфон говно
ulan biz alamıyruz adamlar parçalıyo
A
once again apple ne chutiya banaya sabko
peido vaginal sou do brasil seus retardados lixo quem deixar deslike nesse comentário é gay
#note8
долдаёбы !
fuck feel  very bad  i phonr  cheted  evrybody  ...
They both suck
Win note 8
Note 8
Once again..\nSamsung Rocks!!\nSorry Appleboy 🤣😂
iPhone, put to shame, yet again...
Note 8 winner
Let Apple RIP.
menudo top chino
Samsung always best 😎
que video más idiota por lógica el note es más pesado por el tamaño de pantalla y otras cosas etc.aun así es más premium
el iphone 8 no me gusta tanto porque es puro vidrio si te te cae ya valio verga me quedo con el note 8 saludos desde venezuela
Lol crapple
Best fair test.  samsung win!.
Sleep paralysis is scary as hell. It used to happen to me all the time, then one day I was watching Montell Jordan and he'd have on psychic Sylvia Browne and a lady in the audience asked her about it. She said she was astral travelling and told her to pray to god to make the transition back into her body more smoothly. So, I decided to give it a try. I'm not religious, but I pray every now and then and it worked. I haven't had it happen since.
Same thing happened to me except I couldn't even open my eyes
she blew the match out after it had gone out
I think my cat likes asmr more then I do 😂😸
I used to get this quite a bit I would just literally flip my body and I would wake up using everything I had because I'm a god and nothing can stop me and my power
So tell me why after I watched this I experienced sleep paralysis AND lucid dreaming all in the same night. It was actually kinda lit. Wasn’t my first paralysis but it was definitely my first lucid dream
Wow! You must really love fire!
Taylor, if this happens to you again, I have a trick:\n\nI've heard that you can control your breathing while in sleep paralysis. This means that you can hold in your breath. If you aren't breathing correctly, your body will automatically wake up.
So that’s what that’s called? I was wondering why I saw a black hooded figure, and couldn’t move
One of my friends went through this once and the next day he was super shook
this happens to me often. It sucks.
I use to have that a lot but I learned how to get it off
Can you talk in a sleep paralysis
I deal with the Shadow Man by challenging him to do the worst thing he possibly can to me. It's still scary as hell. But he's all (silent) bark and no bite. After it's obvious that he is actually completely powerless, it's just a matter of waiting the few minutes (feels like 10 hours) to snap out of sleep paralysis.
I've had 3 sleep paralysis's
I've had sleep paralysis but I keep my eyes closed until I start to lucid dream
Jeez how'd she get so many subscribers so fast wow
This happens to me sometimes! But it’s like in my dreams like once I was on stage and I like couldn’t move and I was like andjsjsisoao and yeah
dont sleep on your back. sleep on your right side instead.
I once woke up and as she says i couldn't move so I opened my eyes and there was this black figure inches away from my face it creeped the hell out of me as I was just staring at this figure unable to move and as soon as it started it finished and that's the only time that's happened to me
I lucid dream on occasion. Its hard to describe, but I've also had the sleep paralysis thing. Often enough that the figures when I wake don't phase me anymore.
You should show off the new golden play button for hitting 1 million subscribers
In that cases you have to draw a cross with your tounghe
How do I find out what amsr works the best for me?
hell naw u leave the door open! no thanks.
can you do teacher or cook role play
I've had sleep paralysis 3 times, I get it when I'm really stressed out, it first happened when my dad died. Nobody takes it seriously, I thought I'd had a stroke or something the first time, I had no idea what was happening to me. Xx
Im so scared this Will happen to me 😂
Plz do more story time videos, this is my favorite vid of yours❤️😴
I heard the same story time before with the black figure, what a coincidence 😱😳
I had sleep paralysis once but i was sleeping sideways and could only barely open my right eye so i couldn't see if anything was on top of me and i was so strong willed that though i couldn't even raise my arm i managed to willingly fall out of my bad and stand up i felt like i would fall at any moment since i couldn't control my legs properly so i started slowly walking to my parents room to get help (i couldn't talk or yell too) when i got past my fan and was almost out my room i woke up. got some water to drink washed my face and slept like a rock till morning
If you sleep on your stomack, you can't get sleep paralysis \n\n\n\n\n\nTry it!
I've had SP before. Did you know what happend? The black figure stole my bike!
this sounds silly but if you're ever near an indian(native american) reservation, find a genuine hand-made dream catcher and hang it in your window. i know of several people very close to me who had been having issues with nightmares/paranormalities and the dreamcatcher seemingly eliminated most, if not all of them. i hate to say our houses are haunted but there are many unexplainable things that we've seen/heard/felt and these things seem to work wonders
I like how she acts mature and doesn't get into YouTube drama.
Can you make a life Stream?
I like the hand movements. Acts like a trigger for me. Thanks for the vid!
why the heck dd i watch this before going to bed😭
Why so much makeup?
This is genius
Wife material ni🅱🅱as
I experienced sleep paralysis👀😶
This bitch is weird
More storys
that jumpscare killed me...
Your Vids See so Profecional \nLaik
Find god
congratulations on 1 million subs!
You should 1v1 thenomadbarber. xD
She looks perfect omg
I would like to hear more of this kind of stuff😊👌
Its raining at night where I am too
Great video! Love the sounds from the matchbox and the thunder outside. Keep it up!
This reminds me if when I got stuck under a indoor jungle gym at a birthday party. It was built on top of a wooden stage with very narrow tunnels underneath. I got wedged between the wall and a support pillar for 6 hours in pitch black darkness. I would've been there all night if the janitor didn't hear me sobbing. That was 11 years ago and I still have nightmares about it. Not being able to move is one if the most terrifying things to experience, let alone with a dark shadowy figure approaching you.
I'm a light sleeper, the slightest noise wakes me up fully.
WOW! this comment thread is cancer possibly more cancer than this video
Damn\nYou are just horrible at asmr
😩 that's so scary
Dude she's so beautiful :o I'm speechless <3
I've gotten sleep paralysis before, I was more confused than anything
Do one of these on Halloween
This happened to me for the first (and only time so far) earlier this year. A couple hours after I went to sleep I woke up to an all-black figure of a man in a hat standing right next to my bed. I thought it was so real.... It appeared to grab my throat so I tried to yell for help from my roommates but nothing came out! I seriously thought I was dying from someone breaking into my room and strangling me. I couldn't move at all... it was so weird! Eventually (it was probably only thirty second but felt like at least five minutes) I snapped out of it like nothing ever happened. But yeah this is really freaky. I read that stress has a lot to do with it, as well as sleep deprivation. Makes sense because my experience was during finals week last semester haha.
I would've gone to sleep with my mommy😂😂 lol
I like how when you try to get to the point, your head just puts more details in the story lol
Sleep paralysis is so scary.. I've had it happen twice to me. Once I remember my room being covered in spider webs and there were a bunch of giant spiders moving around.. literally my worst nightmare. I couldn't move and I felt so claustrophobic this felt as if it were right above me. The other one had a bunch of fuzzy figures like the one you were talking about! I'm glad that I'm not the only person who experiences this. :(
But why she tap on everything..?
Who else moved there body while she was talking about wiggling
Has anyone else seen ASMR kiwi uploads in the last week? All of ASMR Darlings videos. Its pretty messed up uploading someone else's videos... stolen videos! 😲
I love your channel. But you could clean audio a bit :-) from background noizes (No thunder.. but.. fan of pc and typical mic recording)
There's a 2015 Documentary calledThe Nightmare Its not a movie that focuses on the cause. Instead it's 8 individuals who describe their horrifying experiences. One is the Shadow People Like you have described here. That loom over your bed while you lie there unable to move. I'm glad to hear that you haven't experienced anymore sleep paralysis. Keep up the wonderfull videosDarling 😀
At least now i will know if it happen to me
I had a nightmare of all the sponge bob characters, and when I woke up I couldn't move and I knew that it was a bad dream but I still had sleep paralysis. Lol!\n\nEdit: Never mind it wasn't sleep paralysis it was more like talking to myself so I can open my eyes even tho I knew I was dreaming, but I just couldn't open my eyes or move, but when I opened my eyes, I could move, but then my body fell asleep. Until I finally got up, ebpven though I wasn't end to continue sleeping. And this happened when I was sick, so maybe it was body doing something weird!
LOVE this video. please do more videos where you tell stories/personal memories etc from your past. gives such massive tingles
What a cute little darling she is very very charming, I made him big kiss of london
For some reason, everything becomes scary and real as soon as it gets dark or I go to bed. It's not sleep paralysis, it's more like my mind likes to think everything will go wrong. If I'm not looking in a direction there will be a murderer there, even though you didn't see him a minute ago, he will be there that's usually where my mind goes, but thanks to your asmr videos, I can rest easy without frightening thoughts thanks
Youre freaking gorgeous😍
asmr darling outgrew gentle whispering well damn
I just spent 2 hours watching Baby Driver trying desperately to think of where I saw the main actress before. I had to google it as soon as I finished the movie. Tell me you don't look exactly like Lily James.
You are the most subscribed asmrtist in youtube .....\n\n\nSo cool
Please like if you've ever closed your eyes and fallen asleep.
I had sleep paralysis 3 nights ago
oh my
WAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!😭😭😭😭😭😰😰😰😰😱😱😱😢😢😥😥😥😥😥
Omg!😨
Loved it!
Scary 😶
i want to sleep but i want to stay up and watch too omG wAt r U dOiNg tO mE
maybe the black cloud figure could be the person ur dreaming of or urself?? huh?
your whispering vids are my fav so yes to more storytimes!!
Thanks for the video. To calm you and others who experience this down, I'll share some of the insight I gained when researching lucid dreaming, which will hopefully help you being less alarmed about this state.\nAs far as I understand, sleep paralysis is a state where the mind is awake while the body is still/already asleep. If you were able to move when going to bed, chances you became permanently paralyzed during your sleep are slim to none, so the best thing to do is STAY CALM and try to fall back to sleep. It's hard for the mind to wake up the body in this state, but it is easy for the mind to fall back to sleep if you don't panic. Later they will both wake up simultaneously, as should be. You might even embrace the sleep paralysis as one step on the way to reaching lucid dreams if you want to try this. It is a similar state, just the mind isn't fully awake, but only parts of it are.\nAlso, about the figures you see and the sounds you may hear during sleep paralysis - again, don't panic. The eyes and the ears are part of the body, thus they are kind of asleep, too. They don't produce reliable input to the brain, that is why these hallucinations may occur. You think you see or hear stuff during sleep paralysis, but most of it is actually just generated inside your brain (much like dreams are created in there) due to lack of actual input from the eyes and the ears. So try to remember this the next time you experience the phenomenon and then you can try to stay calm and try to fall back asleep, no harm or permanent damage will be done.
Ok before I get into this I'm really tired and I'll be dammed if there are any jumpscares so if there are any please tell me\n\n\n\n\nPLEASE........................
Sometimes my body lunges myself awake. I will be in a deep sleep and suddenly I sit up really quick. It always freaks me out because I have no control over my body. It just happens.
I was watching this video , I slept ... Then guess what I woke up with ... WASSUP GAS DIS IS PEWDIEPIE! !!!!
Duuuuuuuuuuuude Taylor makes me nut my self every time
cant keep my hands to my self
Well I’ve never experienced sleep paralysis, but I can totally relate to falling asleep in a freezing cold room wrapped up in my warm comforter 😊
I dont know if this is lucid dreaming. This one time i went out of my bed and walked to the door of my room and wanted to open it. I could not and then i looked over my bed and saw myself sleeping in my bed. I freaked out and didn't know what to do. I dont really remember what i did but remember waking up the next morning sweating all over and having a very heavy headache.\n\nAnyone knows if that is lucid dreaming or sleep paralysis?
Plot twist: what if doctors are lying and there's really a demon trying to kill you in your bed 😱
Why are eyebrows so far appart
Sp00py
😍😍😍💙💙💙
I WANT YOUR FUCKING EYEBROWS 😍😍😍😍😍😍
👍
Wtf did I just watch?
Jeffree is serving looks 😍😍😩
Omg 52 dollars is so cheap !!!!!!!!!!! 😍 well done boo
Im feeling like a mermaid😂😍
LOVING THIS HAIR
Wanna film that look or nah Jeffree
💙💙💙
MERMAID!!!
Love the hair
Yuck
What the fuck
That hair tho! 🙌
Guy
that hair girl😻
Just like a marmaid!!!!!
Whos this freak
I know that I’ll never buy these but I have to watch jeffree no matter what 😂❤️
Did I miss something? Why are there so many dumbasses on Jeffrees' video today? Jeffree is a fucking Queen/King/Intergalactic alien or whatever else you want to call him, but all I know is he'll get into his spaceship and slay into a galaxy far far away while you're still over here giving him your views and making him some coin💸
A lip stain is exactly what it says it is it is meant to be applied the wiped off !! It stains your lips so you dont have to have the 💄 lipstick feel !!
Lol there are more comments about the hate comments then actually hate comments. This is what happens when people love you
Adored all the colors with the look EXCEPT the Charlotte Tilbury Screen Siren, which I think completely made the look more clown like
I want to live like Jeffery. A big house, a hubby, and four dogs.
I NEED a tutorial on your eye look!!!!!
It would be amazing if you did a review on Besem cosmetics!
I miss the bright color brows!!!
I bet the lip scub that nate created is weed scented lol 😂😂
Love that blue, beachy-wavey hair!!!!
Everyone says that you look like you come from hell, and they're attempting to be rude. But I want people to tell me that?? I take that as a compliment because b, you look cool AF in my opinion.
I don't understand the need to spread unnecessary hate? What's the point? I'm seeing a lot of hate towards Jeffree and I don't why people feel necessary to comment rude ass shit. If you don't like him then move on with your life and let him be. And for those of you who consider him vile for being who he his, look in the mirror, you're the only thing thats vile, you're the only thing thats needs to be rid of in this world. There is NOTHING wrong with expressing who you are. So fuck off if you don't like him
I am living for your look! The blue hair, your eyes. Bitch. SLAY!! 😍😘🖤
Hey Jeffree can you make an update to your hair transplant? Thanks!
Your look is amazing   I love it s9 much😄😄😄😄😄😄
Love ❤️❤️the Blue Hair !!!!! Love ❤️ the way you keep things real
Jeff you better qpwm and do a tutorial on this eyeshadow
I love the mini nudes packaging
Boo! I love the blue hair!😚
I LOVE YOUR HAIR!!
You look like a siren. Super cute!
I like how his hair and eyebrows kinda look like the shade expensive from his palatte beauty killer
I love that blue on you!
Jeffree you’re giving me mermaid  vibes with your look 👀 ! Damn Girl you are beautiful ❤️👑🐠
Hello Jeffree!!! Love your videos! 🙌🙌🎀🎀 please would you do a smash box lip swatch video 🙀🙀 would love to see what all the Matt shades and metallic shades look like 😍 !
Tell me why I'm getting 2007 Jeffree star vibes with this look 🖤🖤
your look today is giving me Beauty Killer album cover vibes and I'm loving it
We need a tutorial for this look asap!!!!!!
This is the product of male emasculation for the past 20 years
Love the blue hair!!! Love to you 😘💋😍💄
Are you a women or a men?
Why would one put so much effort into looking like a waterweed..and claiming it's glamorous?\nWaldo the mutt long haired sheep dog achieved this look in playing 10 minutes in the rain by a pond in 1981.. just your nose is shorter( and you can talk betterer)\nAre you a person with depression, or identity issues, or maybe anti authority bent( like Satan v Creation).\nIt's great you can make a living doing stuff, but. PLEASE.
What the fuck is that?
After reading some of the hateful comments on this video, I feel sick. Jeffree, you are so amazing, and I absolutely love watching your videos. Im glad you don't allow this ignorant f*cks to get you down. Keep doing you girl, you slay everyday, and all these haters only WISH they could be as awesome as you! Sending lots of love and good vibes your way doll 😘
The nudes minis come out on my birthday💕
You look fabulous
FUCKING SLAYING ME HUNTTIIIIE <3 LOVE YOU
phaggot
omg u look great!!!!
Mermaid vibes👏
wow loving the hair !
so noones gonna mention what PHENOMENAL job jefrees tattoo artist did?? look at the cat woman portrait on his right arm... fml i always find a knew one that i love
Damn whats up kurt you lookin snatched! lmao i love you. i dont even wear lip color like that still watched this whole video. Completely entertained. Love this wet hair look bitch slay!!
Does anyone know what hair jeffree is wearing in this video?! It's BEAUTIFUL !! please let me know
do ya'll realize that the hate comments are coming from triggered homofobic white men that are only watching thid vid cus it was on trending? like  guys don't call them haters, they're not at that level yet, that's not hate that's just plain ignorance!!
I can't believe how good Alaska looks
I'm LIVING for this look!!!!!
please do a vid on this look!! XX
grow a beard and dye it the same color..lol
You are absolutly SLAYING the Mermaid hair!! \nBut i love the Blonde too It was so Pretty and slick
Omg Boo I absolutely LOVE your hair babe!! It's gorgeous on you!!!
Who else wants to see jefrees makeup table while he's filming? lol
You have great lips😊.
Getting major MySpace era Jeffree vibes from this one.
love wht you do i like this look on you .... keep it up
do a review on Chantecaille products x
I would love a tutorial on that eye look Jeffree, it's really pretty😍😍😍
Jeffree please please do a tutorial on this eye look it's stunning!! ❤️
Blue looks amazing on you!!! ☆♡☆♡☆
You are so flawless. I'm in awe by your beauty but never comment on it.
Living for that wet look.
Put coconut oil on your lips to get lipstick stains off
You look GORGEOUS!😍
you think this person does not have a mental health problem
do a video on trying black lipsticks!!
Everyone is talking about all the hate comments and I'm over here trying to find one😂
It's a lip tint! It isn't supposed to pigment like a liquid lip. I love lip stains! Korean lip stains and that formula always works better for me. They add color, they don't set on your lips like a liquid.
No, its time to fucking stop.
Freak
Alien
Why is this shit always trending. Youtube trying to push their mental illness aganda again
Love the hair 💖😍
why do you want to be a girl? Seriously just be a man.\n\nBeing a girl is for girls, being a man is for men.\n\nChange to man again, I looked at you once on the thumbnail and I saw you were a boy, I realised in one second.
LMFAO WTF!!!! WHAT A FUCKIN FREAK
To all the women watching this, this thing is a freak, do not end up like him or you will get bullied
You are soo fucking cute 😘😘😘
Omfg i love that look
Living for this hair😍 wish I could do this to myself 👌🏽👌🏽
Don't you think he should do a weed flavored lip scrub
All the makeup in the world won't change your birth certificate.
Jesus.From this video you can get epilepsy. My eyes hurts.
this video was like hearing someone stutter. it was annoying.
I have a new found crush on french Kendall Jenner
I had to take a little break but I loved song and video idea
I skipped tha song, now I regret it. Love both the song and video. Only thing. . .WHEN THEY GONNA MAKE IT UP THA DAMN STEPS!? 👀👀👀
This video was recorded last year, huh? Kendalls hair was looking like this abt a year ago
Who is this? Where is Fergie? 😣
The chorus is everything
i really love the song but the video makes me so dizzy. does it have to be so choppy the ENTIRE song?
I got a headache :3
I don't know whats wrong with people why everyone is so mean this music video looks amazing and to me everything in this video looks aesthetically pleasing, the song is bomb! Love it
A video ft Kendall and only 1 million views? Also why does Fergie gets a KarJenner to be her in videos? This is the second time.
Lol. Anyone else getting a Yankovic vibe? This has to be umteen videos already!
did fergie direct this herself u think?
Why is singing like a sexy baby so in?  Annoys me to death !
I'm not a Kardashian fan... at all.. but I quite enjoyed Kendall in this video. She fit well.
This song makes me weird and the video makes me dizzy but this incredible 😂❤
The boomerang effect makes my eyes hurt
OMG I cant believe that Kendall cant even do a fucking video.
The video, the song and Kendall are giving me life, yes please omg.
The best song has the worst video? Wtf Fergie!
Why does this feel like a Target commercial?
Love the song and vid
What the F did I just watch ?
I feel like Im going to have epilepsy
She's genuinely the only kardashian I like, she seems so, normal.
The video is annoying to watch
God. Watching this video's constant cuts gives me a headache... & Kendall needs to learn how to work it if she wants to be a Hollywood whore lol
the girl the music the word Wow nice
Who thought it was a good idea to pair that chunky, sequined blue monstrosity with a pale/nude pink, lace skirt? \nLove the song, don't get me wrong.\nGood lord though, that outfit  just murders my eyes, and I am certainly not a fashionista by any means hahaha 😂
Prefer to see Fergie in the video
This video fucked with my brain a lil😂
Thank god I took french class lmao
This video gave me a headache. Could not watch forca whole minute
Flop and dislike . Fergie makes the shittest songs ever . And this song is also a copy of Dua Lipa - New Rules -_-
i got dizzy wathcing this mv. haha im digging the music tho
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Kendall😍😍😍😍
Hooked on this song ❤
BEST MUSIC !!!!!! I LOV<3
Loving it
Beautiful
Iconic
I. Love. This.
Fergie + Kygo styled Tropical House = Pure Heaven! 😍
😍😘😎👸👯💅💋👗👙👛👚👜👑👡👠💄💍
i like kendall
She looks like Kendall Jenner
Br?
Kendall Love U!
Aww...this is cute
Kisses 💋 from Ecuador 🇪🇨
Best track everrrrrrr
Worst song ever
do things normal
Her face, Her hair, her poise is everything!
This song is so addictive!
only Kendall who can look beautiful when waking up ❤
Someone shoot the editor or produce of this video
Knowing French makes this song so much more fun to sing
Made with Boomerang On instagram 👍👍👍👍
#LAG
English + French in the song is awesome.
addicted to this song.. kendall is love!!
Completly addict to this song ... or maybe to Kendall ... or both x)
Fuck can't even make a proper video!
They should of put an epilepsy warning in the beginning of the video like Kanye use to do his back in the day with his bright ass videos
Pop Album of the Year?
I'm going broke buying all these videos, don't care keep them coming Fergie.
Enchante.. took me a few listens but this one gets stuck in your head I wonder if the video is made that way.. so catchy. I'm glad Kendall is in this coz a few more people will discover Fergie. One of my favourites
Me and all my split personalities
a song with my name how cool
I love this so much! It's truly so beautiful to me!
This video would have been cooler with Emily Ratajowski instead
Why the fuck Kendall is in this video!!
The video gave me a headache I feel dizzy and in need to close the video after five second rather listening to the audio
Was hatin' on the video at first, but then got into it.  I'm diggin' it.  I love Kendall, she's so beautiful & classy in this video.
Good song but you've totally ruined my visual senses with that visual effect. I'm surprised I didn't throw up from a feeling of motion sickness of something.
yaaasss Kendall look like the queen that she are
The video hurts my brain 😫😫 but this song izzzz lit tho
video is a headache
This is my least favorite of the music videos...\nThe song is amazing and kendall is gorgeous..\nbut holy shit this gave me a headache..
This music video gives me anxiety :(
This video gave me a headache and I feel dizzy 😵
a kirk tip stacey on meth were da party ppl reachin yo big o would have yo sexual partners
Is it weird that this video calms me down?
really difficult to watch this video ...
I’m so confused 😓
OMG SUCH A GOOD TUNE, also Lana Shams At the crossroads is one of the best new songs
THIS HURTS MY EYES AND HEAD TOO MUCH
Im addicted to this song 😍😍
Fergie done lost her mind and went back to doing drugs...\n
And you, and you?
Wtf is going on
Art 🇺🇸🇫🇷🙌
Kendall❤❤
superb... amazing.. nice song.. /music.
amazing song / terrrrrriiiiiibllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee video!
This mv literally got me dizzy lol
Enchanté?
The song is The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band - I Won't Hurt You\n- I think we have a chance to make this a kind of life changing experience and I think we need it
If it was Isle of Old Yellers they'd be dead by now.
I really hope people go see this. Mainly the mainstream audiences. We ask for new original movies and when one comes along, no one goes sees it. Hope this movie does well
THIS IS JUST PERFECT!! WES! YOU ARE MAKING MY DREAMS COME TRUE!
This is Fox, it is Fake News!!!
in wes anderson we trust
I love you, wes
I have watched this waaaay to many times, it's so good
ok people we weren't there for mr fox but here is our chance.
Wes Anderson is a master at making movies. I'm definitely seeing this!
Does anyone know the name of the slower song? I've lost all my pride...? It sounds like Ally Kerr though it's probably not
I dont think anyone can comprehend how excited I am for this new Wes Anderson Film
Sort of like the Fantastic Mr. Fox meets Kubo and the Two Strings, least thats the vibe I got off it.
THIS IS SO MUCH LIKE MR.FANTASTIC FOX GAHHH
Saw this trailer. Went back to watch Fantastic Mr. Fox. Came back. I'M READY FROM THIS!
Does anyone know the song that starts in the middle of the trailer? “I’ve lost all of my pride...”
Looks weird, but also unique and pretty beautiful. Would love to see how this fares in theaters.
why tf did 4 thousand people dislike this
Don't let the furries know !!!
Can't believe I'm saying this but this actually looks fuckin' fun.
Am I the only one who notices that bill Murray is in this film
Gonna go out on limb and say this is made by the same people who made that adaptation of Mr Fox
Without knowing, within 5 seconds I could tell it was Wes Anderson.
I honestly thought this was a horror movie after looking at the thumbnail.
I absolutely loved Fantastic Mr. Fox, as soon as I saw it being made by the same creators I knew this is going to be a good movie.
There better be a “beagles love blueberries” joke
I love fantastic mr. Fox and I have a great feeling this i going to be just as great!\nI also love animals so yeh :D
Wes Anderson... I’m ready to be impressed. Again...
Every time I look at animated Mr Fox, I wonder why someone would choose to make a movie entirely using badly taxidermied animals. (Their eyes scream of the eternal agony of death, every time they face the camera.) This is way too close to that for me to sleep at night.
Film about dogs\n\n\nTrailer starts off talking about japan...
So... Little Prince Willace and Grommet Spott in The Trash Island 20XX?  Yes, Please.
Finally, I have to watch this :)
I want to see this movie I loved Fantastic Mr. Fox and I really love the animation of t so this reminds me so much of it and I already love it!
It's in the same style as Fantastic Mr Fox I already like it.
I honestly want to see this. Based on the thumbnail I thought it would be bad. This actually looks fantastic.
I want to watch it
The symmetry as usual
This is very Fantastic mr fox love it
can't stand most movies in this category,  but this actually looks good.
It's basically mr fantastic fox but dogs
BIG UP THE ISLE OF DOGS MANDEM BRAP BRAP
1:06 That blonde haired afro girl said I've got a crush on you.
Calling it right now, the cats are behind it all.
I can't work out if this is gonna be amazing or terrible
yoooo fantastic Mr fox was my Shit when I was younger
at first this looked like hotel for dogs 2. but this is decent. and is by the people behind fantastic mr fox
Don't understand the dialog bit at the end about not understanding the language.  Dogs and cats that live in different cultures know the language of humans there, so all of the dogs on the isle would fully know Japanese and would only know English a tiny bit, depending own how much they heard.
To the north, a long rickety causeway over an obnoxious sledge marsh leading to a radioactive land filled wood high toxic chemical garbage, that's our destination.\n\nGet ready to jump.
Look at all this good boys.
The Dogs of the Isle
Reasons to see this film:  1. It's directed by Wes Anderson\n                                              2.The Cast\n                                              3. It's directed by Wes Anderson
Wes Anderson is love.\nWes Anderson is life.
goddamnit Wes Anderson! i had just compiled my list of favorite Wes Anderson movies, now i need to reexamine the order again...
Wow, it's plague dogs the sequel
I'm eternally grateful for directors like Wes Anderson
to the north, a tall rickety causeway over a nauseous sludge marsh leading to a radioactive landfill polluted by toxic chemical garbage that's our destination\nGreat!\nGot it\nGet ready to jump.
This is the type of animated movie we should be supporting. It's original, it's beautiful, and you can tell a lot of heart and soul went into making it. This is the kind of movie we need in our world today to combat all the cheap money-grabbing studios.
Wes Anderson is famous for always killing the dogs in his movies. I wonder how this one will play out.
Is this made by the people who made fantastic mr fox
The inly reason I want to see this is because of Afro Girl.
the stuff of nightmares
Sweet! But....they're Japanese dogs, right? Why the language jokes about English and Japanese?....UNLESS ITS A CONSPIRACY! 2 languages, 2 races. 2/2 is 1. 2+1 = 3. And 3 is the number of all dead and overblown conspiracies!
I watch this trailer everyday. No joke
Finally a unique movie
The main character's name is atari. That is all.
The animation of the dogs is givin me the creeps tbh
Its basically fantastic Mr fox again.
the language in the film confuses me cause some people characters speak english but the dogs also speak english but the main character speaks japanese like how does all of that work @ Wes
I'm getting a strong Fantastic Mr. Fox vibe
Wow there so many female characters in this movie (Sarcasm)
Song?
Plague Dog vibes?
Kobayashi dog maids
Chief is my giant schnauzer named CHIEFTAIN ;)
This looks creepy as
I AM SO DAMN EXCITED
bork
This is why asians eat dogs
this looks really cute
Wtf
Fantastic mr fox
I love you, Wes Anderson, you delightful weirdo
WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welp, i know what im watching ☺
[Insert Plastic Beach reference here]
Can’t wait
Wtf.
Isle Of Flightless Dogs
FUCK YEAH this looks dope
doggo movie
Another classic!
This animation style is soooooooooo creepy
YES.
This looks so cool
Kinda creeps me out
Read more
Guys, there's Bryan Cranston
Bill Murray, Scarlett Johansson and Yoko Ono?
This looks really good
Fantastic mister fox with dogs
Kygo fans??
Best record :D
https://youtu.be/qE2sTYrcG8Q remix
Great song, annoying af vevo ad about irrelevant artists
Я тут русский, ёба)
Amazing! Kygo and Sasha
❤
Love Kygo... Me encanta!
Awesome <3
Perfect
Wonderful song!!!
Kygo and Rihanna
killed me big time
This song's fuckin beautifully made. Ill never get tired of this no matter how many times i replay it lol
Hey raisa! Lets get out of this town.. I LOVE YOU
wow... I can relate to te lyrics 😢
just fell in love with this song. Love the meaning and story behind the song. I can relate.      😍😆😃
Heard 1st time . Could be my 1st love
I love is song because my feelings r in it and this song have all the thoughts I think! thank u for this beautiful song!
the best of kygo from his ep.. I'm really loving this one so much..
I don’t understand the lyrics
this song is just beautiful. 💜💜💜💜💜I'm lost......
Why won't KYGO reply to me ?\nby the way this song is a beast but IT AIN'T ME is the best
Wish my parents could get these lyrics drilled in there head.i want that road soooooooooooooo bad
Buenos días \nSorry for my bad Polish.
Me encanta esta canción, en general, me encanta Kygooo !!!  ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
another one on REPEAT!! Love that guitar intro!
All of my friends are settling down\nThey're all kids but they're married now\nLet's follow the lights\nLet's follow the crowd\nBaby we got to get out\nLet's get out of this town\n\nI want an ocean view, somewhere\nAs long as I'm next to you, I don't care\nI don't wanna live my life in circles\nI just wanna find an empty road\nLet's get away form here, let's go\n\nAll of my friends are settling down\nThey're all kids but they're married now\nLet's follow the lights\nLet's follow the crowd\nBaby we got to get out\nLet's get out of this town\n\nNothing ever changes here, I know\nAnother day, another year, same old\nI don't wanna live my life in circles\nI just wanna find an empty road\nLet's get away form here, let's go\n\nAll of my friends are settling down\nThey're all kids but they're married now\nLet's follow the lights\nLet's follow the crowd\nBaby we got to get out\nLet's get out of this town\n\nLet's get out of this town\nLet's get out of this town\nLet's get out of this town\nLet's get out of this town\nLet's get out of this town\nLet's get out of this town
I feel the nostalgia already..
This one along with First Time and Stargazing are the trinity of sensations. What a fantastic job Kygo.
love& peace from algeria ✌🤘❤
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love it!!
Sasha Sloan's voice makes me moan.
🔥🔥🔥
Amazing ❤❤❤❤❤
Fallen in love 😚😘😘😋😗
🖤
This song is ❤
boaaaaaaaaaaa d+++++++
alguien q hable español talves ? respondan
<3
Fucking Mint!
Calm
Better than it aint me
Another song another like
Maravilloso!!!!
Nice song <3
perfect music kygo Good
Pure song!
very nice song
Love ❤💙
Juste parfait !!!!! 🙏🙏
YES KYGO! Loving this
L.v.y❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💗💗💗💗💗💗❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😍❤️
❤️❤️❤️
❤
👍
被療癒了~~~(陶醉
perfect timing 😘
you are my favore kygo
Lyrics are golden
❤
Kygo\nAlan walker\nAvicii\nJonas blue\n😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Perfect Perfect Perfect more than the freaking Despacito ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕💕
Love this song to moon and back 😘😘😘😘😘
Didn't expect less from Kygo. Gorgeous song. The lyrics, the vocals, that beat and the melody is just amazing! Love it!
Kygo since the first day <3
Music is so powerful for me without it I'd be lost.To me it makes my memories. But its shocking that one day I won't be here to listen
Thanks for this amazing song... you are the best
This song is up
Thanks for be the best producer EVER\nThanks Kygo you are amazing!💙
This song triggers an emotion within me that I can't describe. Soooo in love
wow the lyrics are actually deep and love the musically \nGreat job
So much Best of d best....loving it
Kygo eres lo mejor.\nDesde venezuela un saludo grande
40000 views more while i was listening to this xDDDD
This is why I love kygo
This is a nice song.
Oh man , it's hard to see such a like :dislike ratio.
This sounds like a remake of it aint me
Such a peaceful song... Perfect for my vacation vibe... ❤❤❤❤❤
Baby we gotta get out
Guys I was listening to this at 1.25x, the song gets a whole new vibe! You should try it
We are going to end up in jail for violating the replay button. :v
Please work with chris brown
This song is so awesome ...!!!!!
Who is here after watching stargazing video?
i love it!! voice are amazing.. and a lyrics is just what i want to say ...
This sounds like something else
Makes me think of incredible things the future is gonna give
This song is surprisingly soothing 😍
kygo speak of the Norway !!!''I just wanna find an empty road ''''I want an ocean view somewhere ''
kygo is the best...kip it up
This is very nice😋😍😍❤️
Lyrics and kygo beats are giving the vibe to the song.
OMg I love it somehow i find my self in  this music
Don't blame the town, maybe you suck!
Hi My Friends YouTubers, If You're Reading This, Thanks!! I Don't Have Any Money For advertisments/Promotion No chance Of Getting heard nothing. All that's left is Believe in My dream Im Just 14, House. Music Lover, Youtuber. Please Watch My Videos, Top SONGS. GIVE ME JUST A CHANCE. Please Take a half second of Your life And Thumb This Comment Up! I make Music Videos WITH My MUSIC Love & Very Hard work!!❤
First Hearing ahmm okkk\nSecond Hearing Once More\nThird Hearing WOW\nAfterwards Repeat Mode Onnnnnn
paused the video to go ask my mom if we could eat spaghetti tacos for dinner tomorrow
Reality\nMe: “Mom can we get ice cream?” \nMom: “Hello No!” \nMe:   K  :(
Try saying no all week
I want to see your children choose what clothes to wear for a week, with almost no adult influence/interference
People actually subscribe to a philosophy that children shouldn't ever hear no? 😱 Do they mean just provide alternatives? Like...? I have concerns. PS Hannah, your kids being at work was super cute.
I LOVE JACKSON HE'S SO ENTHUSIASTIC
Haha y'all couldn't give me that ad y'all ain't gettin the bag
i would do this
Can I go watch porn\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*YES*
I would have asked for a pet or something expensive or something I wanted for a while
Can I have a hundred bucks?, Yes
It amazes me that people I know that are parents don't want to say no to their kids and I'll never understand why.
I didnt drop a dislike this time, not a bad vid. I can't say good vid, bc buzfed
Why not make spaghetti tacos again? The kids eat well, and you can just have spaghetti plain. You want them to be open to new foods, why no be the same?
Mom can i have some Mcdonalds? Im hungry.\nNo theres food in the fridge.\n*starts giving me a lecture of kids who don't have anything to eat*
85 degrees is nothing come to az you will died and walk a 2 miles in the middle of the desert
If it was me I would say “Can we go to Disneyland??
When there older there going to look back at that and think why did I not ask that?!
This totally wasn't bound to go down very fast at all
Rip she put her number and has 4.3 mill views so far
What if the kids asked for Disney land oh no.
I would be like ps4 ,Nintendo switch, Xbox 1 , Gucci , supreme
I think the word yes is like nightmare to every other parent
This is cool but you have to remember to say no sometimes so they're not spoiled <3
so happy for you!
I like her hair
Aww this is so sweet and tbh this family is gorgeous.
This is really cool, and it's something I would love to try with the kids I babysit for... but they would just want to be on electronics all day ;^;
Aw I love this video 💓
tbh i would ask to get a blowjob
In other words how every buzz feed employee was raised
When she said banchie i about died i love this girl!
You are so beautiful, lady. You kids are amazing. You trying this game for your kids is realization enough that you haven't forgot about them and treat them as a chore.(as many parents do).\nKeep it up. Plus i could never guess that you are a mother of two just by looking at you.
Legend says to this day she's still holding that cup
Me:  Credit card \nMom: Yes -while she thinks in her mind i have to say yes cause it's the yes week
My mom has 3 kids and she can't even say yes to me for 2 days
You know she is a busy mum cause she is holding coffee while speaking 😂
85 degrees isn't hot woman (I know it is with some people but I live in 100 degree weather for most of the year)
My name is Wyatt too
Yea the kids wanted Starbucks yea right u wanted it ☕️
You have 13 mil subs and still work?
That cup of coffe makes me actually feel really uncomfortable.
How to be a terrible parent 101
Is it weird I thought the spaghetti tacos looked really good?
*(Me I found out my mom was doing this)* MOM CAN I HAVE THE NEW IPHONE 8? Mom: .....ummmm
This is such a great video for parents
I would take full control of them
A very subtle icarly reference in the beginning
If my mom did this i would say I want a puppy please!
Mom can we go to Disney world?\n\nMom: Uhhh... Yes...
how do i handle 5 nieces and nephews all of them 6 ad younger ,2 younger sibling one 11 ones 4, 4 of the neighbors kids  i think they are 6,8,9 and 12 and 2 chihuahuas for 6 hours while the parents are away.\nhow do i handle this i am 19 and poor so how do i handle this
I stopped when she said she worked at buzz feed
She is literally the most thoughtful mommy ever.
You should do strict parents being cool with anything like Oh mom I got a D on my math test. Resonse: That's fine IF I WAS THAT CHILD I BE LIKE WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH YOU. Then I'd be like ok
I c a r l y. We're is spencer
1:24 when you open Snapchat and the face camera is on🤣
Why do all these comments have a ton of likes
The 5 year olds wanted Starbucks today and I said yes!
And I was terrified cause kids are unpredictable, I've seen my 2yr old being a sweet prefect angel then I've seen him morph into a SHRIVING  BANCHIE at the grocery store!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
if my parents did this i would be like can i have this vr system, my dream gaming setup, and 1,000 dollars in cash
Who else thought the big question was “How are babies made.” 😂
this is so cute
mommy can I put wiener in you poop hole :D
What if they said can i shoot up a shool
I wish my mom did this\n\n\n\n\nI don't remember the last time I heard her say Yes
She actually gave her number?
Your bills: you have spent 10000000000 dollars on your kids\nWTH\nYou: I said yes to my kids all week\nYour bills: WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nYou just spoiled them
If my mum did that I would've kept asking to sleep over my cousins house😂😂😂
when i was little i would have “yes days” and my mom would have to say yes like this.
Mom can I make a porno with you?
I HAD SPAGHETTI TACOS BECAUSE OF ICARLY THE MEMORIES
Awww
Am i adopted?
I love spaghetti tacos
ahhh omg i carly.
Y
give them some vegetaables
Wyatt you want that?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEEEYAAAH
i mad speghti taco damn it tastes so good
Can you buy me 999,999,999 robux?\nYes\nYaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Her kids are soooooooo cuteee
Aw, “best day ever”
only 90's kids remember spaguetti tacos
#revive icarly
Spaghetti tacos are actually rlly rlly good
Today my birthday
Haha spaghetti tacos are from icarly!!!!
This is so pureeeee omgggggg <3
That spaghetti taco actually looks good
Ok where is Spencer
Paige haaf nota
Rookie mistake.
ICarly!!
You wanna lick my butt
I Carly!!!
Icarly flashbacks anyone??
Icarly anyone?
NOOOO\nBUZZFEED STOLE WINE MOM
Ń
I see they watch ICarly
im not a fan of tvxq but damn this video needs a lot of views!!!
đẹp trai quá anh ơi =)))
This MV is a work of art and cost more than what your faves make in a year
A new nation has begun... \n\n\nKings Speech... U-Know YOU SAVAGE\n\nIf this is what one half of The Kings of SM (TVXQ) can do? Scary 😃
The God of KPOP is back 🔥🔥
very good, mv so hot
Yo guys, i'm SHAKING LIKE OMFG HOW IS THIS IS POSSIBLE? YUNHO YOU PIECE OF MASTERPIECE. \n\nThis MV is SO DOPE!
Only legend can do this
The true legend *o*
THE QUALITY IS SHAKING ME BUT YUNHO IS SHAKING ME EVEN MORE
I wonder if the chocolate  abs are back 😍😍😍😍 Yunhoooooo drop it 🙏🙌💃
Not getting over this anytime soon
Omg I felt like I was being possessed 😍😍😭😭 haha
He literally (Drop) the beat \nHe's such a legend !!!
Really like his powerful dancing！
the return of the kinggggggggggggggggg
Wow! This mv highlights all yunho's strength. I like it ❤️ so excited TVXQ is back!!!
About time!! Tohoshinki back to claim their throne 😎
Even if there's tons of new groups and me being a fan of some, legendary idols like Super Junior / TVXQ / Big Bang etc. They are the reason I got into KPOP in the first place ahahaha! .All idols I used to listen to during my high school teenage days will always be number one to me no matter what or how many new groups I love. Welcome back !! Fighting ! Here to support our legend ! : )
Did sm pay money for this mv or yunho pay it by himself? Is it just smstation?
Bring the crown back cause the king has returnef
The King came back
Thank you for this incredible mv!!!!
Uniqness overload! It's so good to see him after such a long time. I hope we will get to see him live on stage too. <3
Fuck yeah, this is the return of the king!!!
ahh... TVXQ. the one and only yunho. happy they're back :)
The king's stage
God Of K-Pop is back ! Drop It Low Guys, Drop It Low !!
KING!!
yunho so cool
hummm
개썅멋있다....딱 윤호노래네...짱이야
STREAM STREAM STREAM
💖❤️💖❤️💖❤️💖❤️
Amazing 😍😮😮👏👏👏
정윤호 😍😍 사랑해용
완전 만찢남....♡ 오빠 사랑해요♡♡♡
amazing Yunho <3
😎😍
👏👏👏👏👏
xoxo yunho
i love Yunho performance :D
Welcome back my King 👑
yunho!!!
FIX \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI LOVE AHJUSSI 😍😍😍😍
yunho oppa💗💗💗💗💗💗
Omg this is lit
<3<3<3
Wow !!! I ❤ it . Figthing ✊
✊✊✊✊❤❤❤❤
U-KNOW U GOT IT!!!🖤
King is back 👑
YUNHO FIGHTING!!!!
LEGEND IS BACK
Fantastic yunho!
❤❤❤
Ain't your dropping fault
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
<3 yunho dancing and yunho expression
WELCOME BACK....KING OF KPOP
King
om kamu kok ganteng?:)
...
Uknow Yunho!!!
King
this is amazing
최고 ❤️❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕💕
Love Yunho \n!!!!!!!!!!!!( ^~^)
Soooooo cool !!!!! <3
何 この 유노 오빠\n\nカッコイイ 無理 好き
my bae is legend...
sounds like Ringa Linga
wahhh awesome,, ELF always support cassie
Yunho 💖 sigues siendo mi primer amor 🙈
i got  goosebumps..
720Pで音量50%以上で視聴して3→2→1 の御声と御拝顔も出来、ユノ様らしさがいっぱいで もぅ・・・感謝感激👍👍👍🙆🏻❣
미쳐따.. ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅜ멋있는거섹시한거혼자다하네ㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜ
작정했네ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ 윤호야ㅠㅠㅠㅠ사랑한다ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
유노윤호 넌 랩도 잘하고 잘생겼고 그게바로 인생의 진리지
big hit es mejor
best station so far HANDS DOWN. the king doesn't disappoint
I can't stop watching this! UgH! YUNHO!!!!!!!!! HE'S SO HOT ! HOW CAN HE BE SO HOT! UGHHHHHH! \nHE IS TOTALLY THE EMPEROR OF KPOP! HELL YEAH!!!!!!!\n*whenever I heard that word 'drop' it gives me so much vibe!* is it only me? Lol
i'm late but...THE LEGEND IS BACK
SUCH A LEGEND, THE INDUSTRY IS SHAKING, DID U SEE THOSE VISUALS WTF
I thought it was yunho comeback song. Maybe this is one of the best station
He's back he's finally back TToTT I'm so happy.. I'm crying.. my bias is BACK!!!!!
he is handsome as hell
Yunho is not a king. He's a god.
this is not just gold, but this is TITANIUM!! loves it so much ❤❤
You are my one and only one U-KNOW Yunho :')\nI really feel proud of you and Changmin. \nTVXQ are my everything, so you deserve more love, I will watch 1000+ times this video.\nWE ARE T!!!
OKAY mv looks really cool, but his voice doesn't fit this music. He isn't rapper.
Yea this was so cringy. I'm not feeling it from uknow. He could have done better
My heart beating faster😭😭
<3 Yunho
king
hes soooo sooooo soooooooo fucking sexy omg 😍😍😍😍😍
sm's king tbh
이 뮤비야 말로 인생의 진리~
미쳤지 미쳤어 나이는나혼자먹었고 울오빠 존잘존멋존섹 혼자다한다미친 탈덕은없고 휴덕만있다더니 잊었던 덕심이 끓어오른다 오빠들 내가 직장인의힘을보여주겠어 내돈으로꽃길만걸어제발 내통장에빨대꽂아!!!!!
오빠 진짜 군주ㅜㅜㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
What can I say just about the best cover version ever totally amazing DM
Everything started with this song ❤
NO PARECIERA DM BUT IT SOUNDS BEAUTIFULL, Thanks DM, its wonderfull cover
his voice is fantastic a lot of singers seem to lose it a bit as they get older but at 55 he sounds as good as he did 30 years ago -after a few listens though i think this is a decent cover but - not very exciting? like someone else commented it kinda reminds me of u2 haha
What more can I say but beautiful, David looking down smiling...CatzMeow
Classic song done by the masters depeche,excellent vocals,mr Bowie will most definitely approve
Love the band but they don't do very good covers
as  good.. as perfect ... as the original ! David Bowie is proud
Sorry I don't like it
Wonderfull! \nThank You Dave and Depeche Mode\nR.I.P. David Bowie Your Are The Greatest
Bowie would love this... Electronic, ambient and rock. Just what he wanted to do in 'Heroes'. They just did that in 21century's way.
This is the best version of this song, and of course it had to be by Depeche Mode! Absolutely amazing and brilliant!. Gracias DM!
This is just mesmerizing... a truly astonishing form of musical art performed by one of the greatest bands. Brilliant.
Doe o coração em lembrar do David Bowie. Mas ele cumpriu sua missão  em nos trazer alegria. Depeche Mode veio para comprocar isso e também que David realmente é imortal. Um heroi
Oh this is a great song! I love how the tune goes from lows at the beginning to the highs at the end! Amazing music and vocals!
Great cover by a great band....:)
3:43 We can beat them, foreverrr and everrrrrrrrrrrr I'm crying now.
God, I love DM too much. Sublime <3
THIS IS DEVINE! AMAZING, TRUE ROMANCE
can't stop listening to it, it's too beautiful
From Sweden with love
Beautiful cover...brilliant band. DM forever and ever...they can be heroes but not only for one day..
I was curious,but stopped it around the 45 sec. mark..
..How much did I need to cry, just like fucking right now....?
Performed by Depeche. Written by Bowie. Colored by Prince. Perfect.
Sounds like Elvis Presley
🇧🇷👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Top!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
An epic band covers an epic artist/song. Beautiful.\n\nGreetings from Greece
That song is just perfect
Just superb! The legend says the Mode's discovered Dave singing this tune...
David Bowie is my idol. And Depeche Mode one of my fav bands. I saw this cover in the stade de France on 3 months ago, it was so intense... Thanks for this incredible moment.
Much better than the LIVE version.
Thanks from ITALY. We love DB
I love DM from Poland ❤️
Very nice interpretation of Bowie's masterpiece which he did not like that much and which success did supprise him.\nGood job Dave!
Beautiful tribute. RIP Bowie <3
And again the cooliest) Just like everytime)
grateful to hear this version so spectacular, the final part bristles the pores of the skin
For anybody to cover a Bowie song and do it justice, really takes some doing. This proves how good they are..... Daves voice as good as ever, but for me Martin Gores guitar is what stands out the most. On the whole.. Simply Outstanding
Hits me so hard this song!! Especially with depeche mode singing it!!!
I wished Gore sang back up earlier.. I like his tasteful take on the classic Fripp riff though.
Gahan definitely puts his heart and voice into this one. Great cover. :)
Beautiful rendition. Very meaningful song for Dave and the band. Hope to see them soon!
I like the Godzilla version of this song. It was sung by The Wallflowers.
Qué maravilla! Qué sonido! Qué elegancia y estilo! Qué sutileza versionando al maestro! Qué gran grupo: la gran escuela británica de los 80.
Dave is noticed by Martin (and who else?) while singing Heroes in a bar. I think Dave is like that day on this clip. His hair, his suit etc. Anyone ?
Gracias DM por tantos años acompañándome en cada situación de mi vida, acariciando con su musica mi alma y  espalda en momentos difíciles
Как я долго ждал эту версию не концертную....бьюти
Bella... ma David bowie non si batte
Охуенчик старый добрый депешь!
Дейв, спасибо тебе огромное за песню и особенно за то, что выдержал стиль и ритм Девида!!! Необыкновенно получилось, как у Девида!!!
Наверно самое лучшее исполнение песни Боуи!
David Bowie! yes my hero!
sublime <3
💜💜💜
That riff!!!
TOP
Мы до сих пор ещё ТУТ!:)
david bowie :(
Love DM!!!
God bless
Great cover <3
encore .... encore  ... encore Dave ne t'arrête pas, jamais de nous emmener dans ton monde, de faire passer des émotions dans ta voix.
!!! well done
speechless...
Sensacional!!! DM + Bowie.
Merci Dave ! bravo Martin & Fletch !
Very Good!
https://g.co/kgs/wNSKXU
Fucking great cover,, it rockz ♥
<3
Класс
IMPRESIONANTE!!!
wonderfull
Absolutely love it!!!!!!
Amazing!
Awesome love DM
depeche mode  ! best Band ever!
Amazing
Thanks DM! Dream!
Welcome back..... Depeche Mode 😎
Gahan has morphed into a pub singer
<3!
lovely version!
chulo,un buen homenaje...gran cover. Gracias!
Una idea solo por pensar en que algún día pudiera suceder: DM + Robert Fripp = Super Heores
No mamen, ¿en qué momento Miguel Bosé se volvió vocalista de Depeche? Se oye igualito.
Simplemente genial, excelente versión de Bowie pero en vivo se te pone la piel de gallina...
Que Lindo Cover del Gran Bowie muy Buena y la Bella Voz de David Depeche como siempre Good Brothers 🖐✌✌
Grande DM , desde Chile esperando su visita
Que buen arreglo musical, con ese estilo único de Depeche Mode con esa voz brillante y maravillosa, best fucken cover ever...\m/
Para todos aquellos que ayudaron a rescatar a las víctimas y para los que siguen ayudando🇲🇽
Це неймовірно ! Мурашки по  шкірі :)!!!!
Zasraně dobrý! Nejlepší! Tipuji, že mam tak 20k shlednuti jenom ja , pouštím si tuhle megacovermrdoznimrdu pořád dokola. 3:42 ráno a místo spánku nebo brutální soulože poslouchám tohle! Díky Dave, diky DM !
Ho i brividi... Stupenda interpretazione. Solo dai grandi professionisti provengono tali performance! Grandi DM
Boring as hell. Jacob Dylan much better
Meh, not really into this. It's a bit on the bland side.
I've been a fan for 3 decades.. 30 something years!!! But there comes a point in everyone's career when it's just your time to hang it up and retire... boys, you've done gone reached that point
When you start to make covers of others is because there are no ideas to create new things...
Had some issues uploading this one so sorry it was another day late, thank you all for the support, it means the world!\n\nFOLLOWING BACK ON INSTAGRAM TO CELEBRATE! -> http://instagram.com/killemftw
Spend the night at my house
I'm the pickle 🤣🤣😂
spend the night on a tredmill !
spend the night hanging under a high bridge💪🏻💪🏻
Moon is the best
Spend the full day in a freezing cool ice bath tub
Did he say the f word?!
spend the night in a public bathroom
drive to china from uk
Pls prank moon your dieying on the next challenge
Omg that tesco is were my family shops do u live nere liverpool?
Spend the night in a public bathroom.\nTo avoid people getting in put a out of order sign.
I spent the night ducked taped in a toilet ? 😂
I love moons voice... is that weird?
you look like you really want a hug hahaa
@kill'em ypur mother is great🖒😂 she is too funny. You two are a good duo. Grest videos man😆
When we hit q million he should so his girl friends face reveal
You and your girlfriend are so cute and funny together 😊
Do you live in Wales ????
No OOPS backwards is spoo like soup, yes Thomas you will get the runny soup
This was my idea
PLSSS SPEND THE NIGHT IN A STORE
I thought she would be like a blonde
hi I like all of your I mailed my self video and that
You walk into your room and this happens
he is hot. man with accent is so hot 😍😘🔥
I spent the night on a kids toy bus ride
spend the night in the toy train
spend a night in me mom
When you had moons scarf on you looked like jesus 😂
I have that exact same shirt
Spend the night hand cuffed with moon for 24 hours for one million subs so we can see her face and get a good video. Like if you guys agree
well.. it is normal. right up to the blue plushie.
It sounded fun, being duct taped to a wall? We are very different.
Spend the night in a sewer like if you agree
That thumbnail👌🏻
Best youtuber ever deserves more subs def..
This guy
Live off of 25$ for 12 hours
What?! His name is Thomas
When your mom goes to help with the breakdown, robber comes, steals everything in your house and greets you on his way out. 😂
You should duck tape your body for 12 hours
Spend a night on a roller coaster
You should rent a boat and spend the night in it
Tesco near me this never 😂
I spent the night in my bed and it was normal
Spend the night inside of Moon.
This video made my eyes grow limbs and burrow out of my head. They moved to an deserted island in the Philippians because they lost hope in humanity
Jason Nash?😂
Lol
hi big fan
L
SEWER SYSTEM! SEWER SYSTEM! SEWER SYSTEM! SEWER SYSTEM! SEWER SYSTEM!
So cringing
Heres moon http://www.imgrum.org/media/1402490963716377279_4105064912
Trend a bit late
Stop putting misleading titles please otherwise raggedy dan is gonna bum ya
theyre cute
''iam the pickle''
Spend the night in a portable loo
Spend the night in a ball pit
Try spend a night at home!
Spend the night on a toilet
Spend the night in the forest
Spend the night in public toilets 🚽🚽🚽💩💩💩
I was eating co co pops in a BAG and also licking Nutella from the JAR whilst watching this😂
Spend the night in an elevator
What about you stay a night under moons bed with her knowing you there
Imagine getting a boner while doing that
Spent the night in your parents/friends house without telling them XD.
Very slick on Moon's face reveal!
Spend the night underwater, with scuba gear
When moon did the countdown when she got to 0 an ad played -.-
Spend a night in a forest
You sir are a crazy basturd....  love ya man...  No homo...
“I’m the pickle”
Please stay safe❤ like so he can see
This happened to be in a wet dream
stay in a hammock hanging from a cell tower
He has no friends so his mom has to record him
Move over pickle rick we got pickle killem now
PICKLE RICK
Kill em = pickle rick
omg!! this video is soo funny!!!!!!! hahahaha!!!!!!
Couple goals!!!
Spend the night in a bed
Spend the night on the street homeless with no food no water no sleeping bag and he had to find warmth so he can see how hard it is😜😜🔥🔥💪🏽💪🏽❤️❤️
Pickel rickkk...!
normal day for killem lol
Your really brave ❤ subscribe to meee plz eveyeone x
OMG I love Moon 😂😂
wtf
😂😂😂😂😂😂
U crazy bro
I skipped. Whatcha gonna do now?
5 more thousand! Cmon thomas
Moon is awesome
wtf
Pizza
What up #TeamSuper?! Make sure and go give my girl LaurDIY and my boy Alex Wassabi some LOVE! And guess what else?! IT'S TIME FOR SUPER SIXTY!!! I'll be replying to your comments below for the next 60 minutes :) xx
oh my god who else is dreaaaaaming of her doing a collab with shawn mendeeeees.....please do that ♥♥♥♥
My name is Jennifer 😭😭😭
I am girl version of 'the quirk'. Lol
this is one of the best vedio
girl im with ya#your cool
I like you videos
II superwoman II \nLilly Singh .  \n\nPlease do another video on your YouTube success story . Please describe your journey from a simple girl to YouTube queen . Love you Lilly.
where are the bloopers??
Hahah the schedule part made me burst out in laughter 😂
Just subscribed and i put notifications on
I too say schedule and I too have been made fun of... Lol
Omg I know someone like the hot Cheeto.
I love how Lily and Lauren and Alex are collaborating.
I cringed from 6:32 to 6:54 >~<
lauren trying not to laugh is awesome
I can relate to this video so much I need to send this to my friend
The potential queen is my bffs boyfriend. I sit by him at lunch and he acts exactly like that!
What about the quiet one that is never with your friend but then she tell you that she gave him a handjob while watching finding nemo
#TeamSuper I JUST SUBBED AND HIT THE BELL :D YOUR VIDEOS SRE SO INTERESTING :D
I GRABBED SOME POPCORN LIKE YOU SAID LILY!
I have to say I paused this to write this. My best friend is MEANER when she has a boyfriend. I even told her boyfriend bc her boyfriend is my best friend to. And he agreed with me. I hate her right now I don't sit nxt to her anymore at lunch but in class. I seriously don't get why she has to be mean to me
@6:50 Alex's Lauren cracked me up like he was
I'm not even a boy but I know I'm totally a female the quirk
My gf sent this to me
You have to collaborate with Dan and Phil. If you do I will die of happiness😄😄😄
Watching this video, and when she said two a notification for her new video pooped up
Are you Indian Lilly?
someone please tell my y im not subscribed to her yet?? walp...Lily just got a new sub
I live in WA and when he said he liked sea hawks I flipped the table because every where I go is just sea hawks.
I love all of u
There are so many types of guys to date nice video Lilly love you ☺💕
I've dated that third guy, we actually broke up today
Men are put through the grinder when they date anyone. He has to appeal to her, her friends, her family, everyone. They are hyper critical and judgemental about every aspect of him. It's like he's going to a job interview every time he meets someone new in her life.\n\nWhen a guy introduces his new girlfriend to his people....everyone hugs her and loves her and accepts her on the spot, because they're just glad someone is finally getting him laid.\n\n#AcceptableSexismThatNotEnoughPeopleCallOut
Tbh I kind want Alex and Laura to get married
Appreciation comment for Alex's acting! It was on point.
I think Alex is a mixture of all of these types of guys combined\n(Apart from the Wasteman)
Love your lip colour! Can I know which one? :)
3:20 lilly, no\ni'm sorry but no
Hi love both of yours channel
How old are you
I sent this to my friend haha <3
Lily listen to me , you should do the Aladdin movie! you will be the best Jasmine , please do this!
What's wrong with liking 5h and saying yaasss?
DEAD
👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾
hahahaha THATS HELAIOSUS
Oh Ma goooooooooooooooosh!
Haha I Love You IISUPERWOMANII
loooove you
#TEAMSUPER
alex's laugh LOL
Love you
Hi
bada ba ba baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa\nIm lovin it
LOL grab that booty OMG
best video ever
Omg
Respond
Vida
Hi guys you guys are amazing
Hi
I luv u
Hi I love you all pleas recon
Lol
Realyyyyyyyyyyyyy
DONT LIKE
You the best
*lol*
Collab with Logan Paul plzzzzzzz
OMG LILY WE HAVE THE SAME BIRTHDAAAAAAAY \nHAPPY BDAY LILLY I lysm!!!! 💖💖💖💖
go to 7:35
omg hahahah
FIFTH HARMONYY
Jesus! Alex's laugh...😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hi
OMG HIIII
Your just like my mom judging my guy friends thinking hoping one of them is good for me XDD
Do types of guys your BFF has had crushes on
this was the best video hands down lol
My best friend is dating the catch and now I wanna kill myself cus i still like him but don’t tell her I said that
You look really pretty in this vid
2:00 when someone  sneeze on you
I love your videos👍😜
Listing all the Jennifers 😂
why there is not a bf who likes u ....I faced that
Superwonder don't sleep on your side.it creates bags under your eyes
Ho how 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
hiiii love you allll
thts wttzz is saaaid ... lol
I love you
I'm meant called Jasmin
Who believe in unicorn??
Lily, you look like a good friend of mine. But Hindi. It's uncanny.
lilly you forgot one its called the fantasy bf because this person is actually a fictional character and doesnt exist irl  but ur still 100% obsessed w them (aka me bc i have was too many anxiety/trust issues for an actual bf)
Can u do a Q&A video please if you do my question is what.is the worst youtuber you have seen on youtube please answer
Uh oh, I'm the quirk...
Alex's quirky laugh is priceless 😂😂😂😂
loving fifth harmony\n\nSame Alex same...
Lilly: parmesan\n\nAlex: *nods and smiles* Bless you\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Clara is an amazing interviewer, Always really knows the projects of the person she interviews, genuinely cares about their answers and doesn't make anything awkward or cross lines by asking things too personal. :) loved this
I feel bad I stole a lil episode - Jay Z on Game Of Thrones
Jay Z — I have no idea what that show is \nJay Z — I think I've been on that show, yeah, yeah
I really love Clara, she always listens so intently and is so keen, she obviously does her research and gets personally close to the music beforehand and has relevant, interesting questions. Love seeing these interviews!
I'm a fan of Jay Z, and i must admit this interview was great, wasn't just about music but also talks about the other Shawn Carter. Flexible interview well done
This girl is good well done Clara
I think Jay is finally being the artist he’s always wanted to be. He’s clearly stated in his music that he sold out and made pop records on purpose. “I sold 5 mil and ain’t been rhyming like common sense” I know it’s early but this album will be looked at as another classic in his catalog.
Jay-Z bought a lot of project buildings around Brooklyn just to give back to his neighborhood and the rental rates are much lower than the government rates. He doesn't make any money out of it after all costs but it's simply a caring gesture for his community.
I meant to give it a quick scan, ended up watching the whole thing. Clara is expert at this.
We won't see another interview with Hov in a long time. Appreciate this one! The greatest of all time Jiggaman Jay HOVA!
Give the man a glass of water he keeps apologizing about his voice...
Y'all think small I think BIGGIE
We can't afford any mistakes at this point
These streets school us to spend our money foolish.
Have so much respect for this man as a musician and person...great interview.
👁👁These are my eyes and I want you to know they take the same prescription of life yours take Mrs.JAY-Z. I stand with you still giving the ratings to the show's and even being linked to everyone in the world. I think your hat even had a message for consumers to understand more of the paper plane logo which is he who represents is The Family. Yo Mrs.JAY-Z a.ka Brown since Ms.Blue is Blue how many karats is your heart because that thing beating inside you was specially made by God #JiggaMyNigga #JiggaMyBrother #RocNation #HovKnowsALargePartOfKnow
...what do you want me to do, people bootleg my album :) :) HOV on that Game of Thrones! clap clap clap
If my new video gets 1k views in 24 hours i will be giving away my old i phone 7s (i have upgraded phone so i don't need it)
After ducking and covering non stop  for this subject matter so many time now that all these other major black people said shit now he speaks?
On game of thrones: What you want me to do People bootlegged  my albums😂😂
Is Jay-Z doing a duet with Angie Stone?
Ego yeah all you fools feeding into satan spawn, this guy is a Freemason and part of mind control with crap that coming out music industry! Don't touch real artists like Marley Hendrix. Bb king Dylan Clapton. Just a piss take with and samples other tunes. BLM BLACK ON BLACK CRIME IS BLM FOR YOU and black always resist most of time are thugs anyway. All bunch of pricks to me.
Yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!\nI LOOOOOVE that Jay-Z watched the leaked GOT episode like the rest of us!
definitely you can see the condensed jay z...
Peace in the name of Christ. Somebody please get the following short vid in front of Jay Z: https://youtu.be/pFb0Xu2xJYg
I figured he was still working #noHaircut = #AlbumMode
Yeah... lol this is a sophisticated person that I want my 6 year old listening to...\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=jay+z+middle+finger&client=ms-android-att-us&prmd=ivn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjkqMPS-rrWAhUM4SYKHf83CUMQ_AUIESgB&biw=412&bih=652&dpr=3.5
this was wrong that was wrong let's move own
Capitalism and freedom read the 📚book
Sign says stay away fools cause love rules at the loveeee shack
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
jay z is like damn near 50 i can say whatever i want!
shut up and take these beats jigga
Jay talking about Ye at the end
WHAT ARE YOU DOING !! \n\n\n\n\nPUT 4:44 ON SPOTIFY
Who's this black goddess
15:25 Have you got anything written down?\n\nJay : ..... Did it all without a pen... saw that one comin' but had to remind y'all again
Her skin is glowing!!!!!!! Radiant as fuck! Beautiful!!!
Can't believe he declined to perform at the SuperBowl, I always envisioned him doing that.
Wonderful interview. I have so much respect and admiration for Jay.
Keep doing what you're doing Jay Z. Many have so much opinion about what you are and what you are doing.  Until you are no longer here only then will the world and us as a people ( black ) overstand your importance. \nPeace my brother
Some people are just made perfect, example jay z
When things are darkest, light is on it’s way.
Im so glad that they used a reg title and not a headline title
Jay is so sweet
I have to make my way to London.
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Dude reminds me of myself. Just super laid back.
I love a good interviewer. Makes it interesting. Jay Z is one of the greatest/smartest rappers of all time.
Still nigga
MADDD JAY Z WEARING MKI JACKET (small independent shop in Leeds )
🐐
aj hit me at 13608695366
Pure inspiration.
Marcy's very own🥃
Spits truth
Barrs
He says mask off lol
Thank You
Great interview!!!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
everything he touches goes platinum
*7:04** to **7:34* respect!
🐐🐐
Clara did well here
Vibes 👑❤💛💚
Jigga jay z
I always admired Jay, he knows how to make hits and speak wisdom in his music and during the course of an interview.
Love the hair glad I'm not the only afro lover
🐐
Hov 🙌
Damn Clara is Fine! With a capital F!
Great interview. Well done Clara!!
2027
Mr potato  head
He is here to be on the right side yet rapped at a Hillary Clinton campaign, errrr ok Jay, obviously doesn't know much about the Clinton Foundation, background and crimes!\nAnd then basically says its ok to rob people with mansions, so next time anyone sees Jay its ok to rob him, what a moron!
Someone want to tell this idiot to take that hat off logo is so dead
This guy has respect for a mass child murderer named Barack Obama. How are we supposed to take these ignorant Coons seriously when their morality is based strictly on convenience. Donald Trump's a scumbag just like every other president. They drop thousands of bombs on  people all over the world murdering all kinds of innocent civilians for wealth and power. Obama government overthrew the democratically elected president of Honduras soon after he was elected. He overthrew Gaddafi in Libya thereby causing the genocide of tens of thousands of black libyans and precipitating a slave trade of black Africans in Libya but Jay-Z respects Obama and does not respect Trump. No doubt Trump will commit his own crimes against humanity but as of yet he's perpetrated nowhere near the evil that Obama, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Reagan Etc. all perpetrated. This just shows how ignorant Jay-Z is along with most people in this world period mass murder is normal and acceptable and you can be a respectable human being even though you a mass murderer. To be so devoid of any awareness of the sheer extent of suffering and anguish and pain that his friend Obama caused all over the world is quite frankly sickening and putrid.
If I had a £1 for every time this twat mentioned the word life I'd be a fucking rich lad!!
All U pervert guys luv him\nHe sold his soul to d devil and he got twins this was done by the Satanic ritual\nHis a devil\nSatan worshipper facts
Can't concentrate when this guy talks.
Sort your fucking hair out you dumb ass licking bitch.
14:47 I'm surprised all of you sheep didn't catch that. Well..actually, I'm not surprised. He's trying to justify a burglary. If I'm being oppressed and you have this big nice mansion with all of this, I'm coming inside there. That's gonna happen, that's just how life is.\n\nI have a better idea Jay Z, let's break in to your home, rob, and beat your ass because as you like to put it..that's just how life is..........smfh.
I'm guessing Hov was here for the Basquiat exhibition.
I'm telling this for just to people know that this guy may look like humble and shit in front of camera and shit but he isn't this deep shit is a pedophile, satanist and a part of that illuminati shit... some people may not believe I will tell them to look things up..
They say if you love it you should let it out its cage & fuck it if it comes back you know its here to stay👀
illuminati and the bbc go hand in hand
Hes fucking adorable
obama ass licker
Fuck Jay Z- Ether Voice.
https://youtu.be/VDvr08sCPOc
HOVA
GAY Z
I just realised I've never actually seen what Clara Amfo looks like. I can now categorically say she looks as annoying as she sounds.
Chipmunk cheek asshole
With all that money and he can't even fix his ugly face?
j-z do you have any guilt for selling poison to your people?
4:44 is 666 upside down
She must use a lot of cream for her dry skin and that hair wow how bad must some1 feel with hair like that
jay z you're a legend but please stop talking bout politics cuz you know shit
2:11, she forget to censor her sound
The hit and run was freakin funny omg
I love this video but with all that music in shouldn't it have been copyrighted correct me if I'm wrong at all x
I’m being completely fr you can make a little bit of money from this http://teensearnmoney.com/?ref=gavin___lewis
1:47 \nMe:OMG ITS MY FAVORITE SONG AHHHHHHHHH *SINGS ALONG* \nBtw its called\n\nStrip That Down by Liam Payne Ft Quavo
Congratulation to Liza <3 so proud of you BOO <3 will forever Love you #IzzaKoshy (kinda hope you'll name you fans IzzaKoshyz Or Koshyzzz #TeamLiza
She has 11 million subscribers now
Watches Liza's videos at 1 in the morning cuz everything is funnier at 1 in the morning
Her coming from the top of the car part was hilarious af.
BORN AND RAISED IN HOUSTON TEXAS BABY! AND HEHE DOESNT YOU KNOW SPRING HEHE HOUSTON EEYY
My name is Liza too!
What car does she have?
HAAIIIII LIZA I HOPE YOU READ THIS AND I HAVE A QUESTION WHAT DOES 4:20 MEAN CUZ IM NEW TO THE LIZA FAM (U SHOULD COME UP WITH A NAME FOR US BTW) BYYYEEEEE
Yo at 1:48 what is that song
PLS READ ⚠️\n\nHey guys! We are a new channel! \npls check out our vids and subscribe(:
Can you follow me on musically at Regan sloop.
What song is that when Kristen was making those siren noises and Liza was like “I thought I was getting pulled over” ??
HEY MY BESTFRIENDS 16TH BIRTHDAY IS ON OCTOBER 23 PLEASE COME DOWN TO FLORIDA TO SURPRISE HER❤️!!- nikki.hailey on instagram
She totally got that hairstyle from me kate
Welcome to the comments! Where you will always be safe. You will be staying in the Comments Inn hotel. Meet our staff\n👩🏼Joanna\n👱🏼Mike\n👨🏻‍💻John\n👩🏾‍💻Julia\n👨🏻‍🔧David\n👩🏼‍🔧Heather\n👨🏽‍🍳Tim\n👩🏻‍🍳Tatiana\nNow for our food menu\n🌽Corn\n🥐Croissants \n🍔Hamburgers\n🌮Tacos\n🍕Pizza\n🥓Bacon\n🍗Chicken\n🌭Hotdogs\nOur desserts \n🍦Ice cream\n🍧Shaved ice\n🍭Lolipops\n🎂Cake\n🍩Donuts\n🍪Cookies\nOur drinks\n🍻Beer\n🍹Cocktails\n🥛Milk\n🍷Juice\n🍶Water\nThings to do in this hotel\n🖥 Play video games\n🎥 Watch movies\n📚 Read\n📝 Draw\n🏊 Swim\n🤸🏻‍♀️Exercise\n🎤Do karaoke\nThe number of your like is the room you will be staying in. For example: I am the first like. So, I stay in room number one! We hope you enjoy your visit to Comments Inn! Please comment!
you should do more vids not just Wednesday(Thursday) with lisa
This was a really great video Liza!!! I love you
I love when Liza and Kristen are together!😂😂
She should go to the dollar store so she can say A DOLLAR?! \n\n\n\n\nA DOLLAR?!
Anyone know the song at 2:46
Imma be the new liza koshy when she is gone
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
honestly Liza’s friendship with Kristen is just like my friend and I and it is nice to see that we are not the only crazy friends in the world.
WAS YOU THAT DINO THATS WAS RUNNING LIKE NARUOT BUT U WAS RUNNING NARMAL ( i cant spell
Hello Liza Koshy,. I love your videos. Could it be possible that you could check it out. @TheGeniusGuide.Weebly.Com\nThanks, see you later Lil' Brown Girl
PLEASE UPLOAD TOMORROW!!! \n(It’s Tuesday.) 😇 Like if you agree!
Why is Liza so good at dancing?😂
Your the funniest YouTubeer and your entertaining ( not sarcastic)
You should do a house tour
i was drinking water while watching this...now i have to repair my laptop
Liza please hear this, Natalie's outlet, you have to recreate your childhood picture.👍🏽😅💐
Lizza I am really sad cause your videos keep getting shorter it so sad
in every video u makes me laught so much <3
Youtube is dead 4 days ago its the 26th and it was posted on the 21
Why do you have Jimin's jams
Liza makes me so happy haha... my family is going through a tough time at the moment and he just makes me so happy
Please do Halloween story with Liza!!
Can you please upload more you haven't uploaded  for days PS I Love Your Channel😁
Guys Subscribe to Liza! I want her to get more than Logan Paul! Also Subscribe to Kristen McAtee
2:46 what's the name of this song ?
Every YouTube girl seem to be doing the Byeeee at the end of their videos. You’ve started a trend...
While driving she is my spirit animal😂😂
I've literally been subscribed to Liza since she had 300k. Look where she is now. WOW.
SHE ONLY NEEDS 400,000 MORE SUBS TO HAVE 12MILL SUBS I LOVE YOU
@1:53-1:55 I don't know how to put this but did anyone else find that really attractive?
what song is that on 1:11
Who else waited for her intro then it didn't come?😪\nLike if you agree 👍👍👍
She is the funniest 😂
You are so funny, I love you Lisa!!
The hit and run part is killing me
I used to be excited for Wednesdays then it became Thursdays, now I'm just so confused.
can you do a vid putting on makeup that you got from the doller store
People who don’t like Liza> Terrorists
3:02 I hit and ran before but I crashed into the door frame
why not have Jet give kristen a makeover ?
Pet peeves video plzzzzzz😇😇😇😇😇
Wtf happened to your seatbelt girl? ...jeez 😳
*Peekaboo*
Congrats on your streamys award Liza!!  🎉
Hi kwisten
Hi David Hi Kwisten!
u sould collab with laurdiy
to be different
Not
what song at 4:25 ?
Liza koshy fan channel subscribe
PORTUGAL THE MAN
1:09 music?
0:40 3:44 i love it 🙊😂😂😂
PEEK-A-BOO
You're amazingly awesome 😂💜
cyclists not bicyclists sweet heart lol unless you say aks... lol
Kwisten + Liza =Crazy mayhem 😂😂😂 LOL #LMAO #SUP LIZA👊👍
Liza, you're terrifying.
3:05 IM DEAD kill me , that connection tho lolol
Are you superwoman?
Liza's laugh at the very end still kills me everytime 😂
nobody noticed the butt slap sound effect everytime the cartoon car made the cutscene?
1 like = 1 vote for another helga video
Ok you all know the drill:\nLast digit is you\n\n1. David\n2. Helga\n3. Jet\n4. Liza\n5. Little liza\n6. Carlos \n7. Juan\n8. Kristen\n9.  Tween liza from Halloween video \n0. Future liza also from Halloween video\n \nComment which one u r plz
Oh looks like Liza found Jimin's jam...
Staying up till 3:45am to watch the streamy's only for liza😂😭😘cuz I live in   Ireland 😂😂😭😭😴❤️❤️❤️❤️
I get so sad when a Liza video ends! 😭
Who says: SLEEPOVER WITH LIZA, JET, YOUNGER LIZA AND HELGA???
You have bigs eyes........ Meanwhile I'm always mistaken for an Asian\n\n\n\n#smalleyesunite
Who else thinks Lizzzzzaaa is beautiful with short hair but even more gorgeous with long hair
My parents think I am crazy laughing so hard\nI love it :)
Love you so much, Liza! But u search your musica.ly name And i didn't find the real you! 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Congrats on yo streamy Liza! We love you!
These are my favourite bloopers
DROIVING WITH EVAN
Intro is so funny
where is HELGA
😇
HALLOEEN STORE WITH LIZA!!!!!!!
I know I'm all disgusting and lovey dovey but gimme a break HE'S THE CHANDLER TO MY MONICA, PEOPLE! Also I just wanna say - *TRIGGER WARNING* for a section in this video discussing sexual assault, something discussed in my book...as soon as I get asked about what was the hardest thing to write about maybe skip ahead if you don't want to hear about that kind of stuff. Really missed you guys, thanks for dealing with less videos for a while as I worked on the short film and got through the book launch and then went on my holidays! BACK BABY xxx
i could listen to you talk alllll day!
I would 100% love a video about intuitive eating! I'm also really bad at distinguishing 'good' foods from 'bad' ones, so if you could maybe do a little section on that, on how to figure out what's good to fuel your body and what's not (obviously I know fast food and sweets etc aren't great, but there are some more confusing 'grey' areas that I'm having trouble with - sometimes something that seems healthy isn't, that sort of thing), that would be lovely too. :-) I also want to say that you are so brave for opening up, both in this video and your book. You're truly an inspiration.
would you please do a video on how to determine whether you are hungry or not. It is something that I struggle with and I'm sure would help lots of people
Anyone else still waiting for Melanie's book in the mail? I ordered from Amazon UK, I'm in BC Canada, and have been waiting for over a month now. :'(\nI'm really excited for merch and short film\nThat last answer tho <3
Haha, you've definitely been spending time with SOMEONE with a heavier accent than you... sounds adorable xx
That was hard to listen to cause something happened to me but im amazed at you talking about it its so brave xx
I have pre-ordered your book but it's not out til November in Canada. Wanted to bring it to meet you when you come to Toronto for the awards this weekend! I'm so happy you're doing so well with the book and in your life! :)
@Iveta J I know what she said and I disagreed. Describing someone's nationality is the same as describing someone's looks. I got molested by a bald Moroccan (yes this actually happened). I can't describe him in another way. It is the way it is. His looks in no way reflects on other bald and/or Moroccan men. Just like when some people with my nationality do something bad in another country it doesn't reflect on me. I think it's selfish to ask for a detail not to be told because it makes you feel uncomfortable.
Your man is gorgeous and I hope you two are successful together and happy.  Also, thank you so much for keeping the questions up on the video as you're talking about them, so many youtubers lack to do this, and it's very helpful and a great but simple thing. I cannot wait to buy your book when i can!
I'm so happy for you Melanie! I've been your subscriber for many years and it's as if I've followed your journey. I hope for many more great things to come in your life!
*Stereograms of wealth.*\n*Matrix of Wealth.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299*\n*Buy one stereogram.*\n*Get 3 stereograms as a gift.*\n*Stereograms to order.*\n*Personalized stereograms.*
Melanie why don't u do some asmr videos you'd be brilliant
Really loved this video. Please do a longer video about the food stuff xx
Sooo glad you're back ! I got stuck watching your videos all summer long, they're amaaazing. I'm a med school student so I get very stressed and you have the power to make me fell more relaxed when I watch you so thank you so much ! \nI especially love your Food Diary Fridays, they're really relatable compared to most days of eating videos, I love them. \nAlso I love your accent.\nAlso are you gonna do Vlogmas this year cause that would really make me very very happy!\nAlso I love your videos did I mention that ? \nSorry for all the questions, and thank you again you're an amazing human being Melanie Murphy :)
wow Melanie that was tough to talk about your sexual assault but i really admire you for discussing it x
You totally lit up when you were talking about your bf - I found myself smiling at the screen too! Happy for you :)
I'd love a whole video about intuitional eating! Love your chit chat stuff you give great advice and its always really down to earth and honest
I'm so happy that you've found someone who makes you super happy! I'm in a new relationship and he doesn't live abroad but he's currently lives 2 hours away from me since he's studying up in Dundee and I'm still in Glasgow so we don't get to see each other as often as we'd like. But he made the point that in not seeing each other as often it makes us appreciate the time that we do spend together. We try and see it as more a positive thing than a negative!
I have responses to two questions:\nVixey's question - I'm curious as to whether or not she has self-diagnosed or has actually gotten professional help to give her the diagnosis. Or, if she's asking for a friend, the same applies; treatment is always an ongoing relationship between a professional and yourself. If an individual could treat themselves at home for psychiatric illnesses/mental health disorders than we would not need professionals in that area in the health field/it wouldn't be a disorder in the first place. The number 1 criteria for any psychiatric illness is does it interfere with daily life and if the answer is yes than it is quite clear you are unable to deal with it on your own.\n\nLucia's question - Make your own self goals with your body; it's *your* body, *your* goals. *Your* body will NEVER be someone else's body (ie. a celebrity's body, a friend's body, or the ex of your current partner's body) so their bodies should never be the goal nor WILL they ever be obtainable. Set goals for yourself, and take complements in a way that fuels your goal. Any other comments don't matter. Think of it like any other goal - say your goal was to keep your car's gas tank above the empty line, getting comments on how your car looks or what you could do to make it look better has nothing to do with your goal of keeping the tank full, so although they are compliments they have nothing to do with what you want to achieve so you say thank you and move on. You feel better knowing yourself that you have kept your tank above the empty line for a period of time that was longer than the last time you drove on empty - you wouldn't necessarily brag about this feat but it makes you feel good and pushes you to other goals like keeping your gas tank above the 1/4 line.
Your book has FREE. WORLDWIDE. SHIPPING?!!??!?! How are you so amazing?!!
young adult/adult fantasy is my favorite genre and id love to read what you have to share!
I can so relate to the last answer. Damn, everytime my life is going well, I image it getting worse again and I'm fearing that. But then I can't enjoy the happy life right now. So I try to just not worry and accept, that someday, it might change, but that is normal, too. I'm going to get out of this again :3
That accent gives me life
If you decide to write sexy bisexual romance, let me know. That, after all, is how I make my living and I can shorten the journey for you. :-)
Writte a ya in college or after college time, im tired of high School love histories
Literally screamed when you talk about your new love!!!! 💕💕💕💕💕💕
I'm sorry to say everyone is capable of terrible acts
Melanie you are such an amazing person xxxx
I'm all in for the scifi/fantasy novel!! :D Glad you are happy! :)
I love your accent. I don't know why. But if I can't sleep. I watch your videos.
Oh my gosh im smiling so much after this vid!!! I'm so happy for you mel!
SO pleased for you and your new relationship Mel. You deserve to be happy and you never have to apologise for that. I'm sure he's a fantastic guy! 💚💚💚💚
I would be so fine with some YA fantasy erotic bi sexual action amazingness from melanie
I really found you at the perfect time in my life, a few months ago in the throws of my ED, and self discovery. This was great, love your channel
Pre ordered your book since forever and have to wait until November still to get it in New York 😩
Having a really difficult time at the moment, this video was just what I needed to make me feel happier and more motivated :) x
Please do a while video on intuitive eating!!:)
I desperately need a hair tutorial from you. How do you make it look so fluffy and shiny and gorgeous? <3
Take a shot everytime Mel touches her hair 😂    \n\n Love you lots ❤
Omg your kids are going to be blessed with good genes such a pretty couple!
Mel, you are radiant and lovely as usual. it's so brave of you to talk about being sexually assaulted online, i know how difficult it can be to say anything at all. It was impressively strong on your part to try and find them. I didn't say anything at all for years and it's one of my biggest regrets. I'm sorry nothing came of it. Sending tons of love.
This video was too quiet 😕
Do you like Erik?
Why isn't your book coming out until November in the US?
I'm so jealous of your sleek hair 😔 what products do you use?
I dedicate you two the amazing song You Grew On Me by Tim Minchin. You disgustingly cute people.
Your hair is sooooo cute! Love it!
Please please please do a video on intuitive eating, I'm in the middle of trying to have a healthy relationship with food, so  I would really appreciate the advice :)
I would LOVE if you wrote a fiction book it would be amazing !
I love young adult fantasy!!!! <3 <3
gosh i don't even know you and yet i have this affection for you where i want you to be happy and safe and thriving and i'm glad that you are 💚
I really love your videos. Thank you so much for opening up to us about so many different things. It helps so many people that can relate with your struggles / experiences ❤️ And so so happy for you and your new boyfriend!! He's adorable 😊
yes please! i'd love an intuitive eating video bc I'm getting into it and would appreciate the help a lot. luv ya!
Please write a young adult LGBT fiction  with  your amazing Irish sense of humour included
thank you for the warning about the sexual assault part but I made myself watch and so glad I did. everything you said resonates with me, especially the part about being reminded by little things like the keys for you. thank you for opening up about it, I've never heard someone talk about it like this!!! thank you for never being hush hush about things, it's making the world (or at least the one in your comments section) a more understanding place xx
Thank you so much for this great video and for your honesty!
There will be a day where you can say you're okay and mean it Mel I'm so so glad you can say you're okay and fully mean it now💚 So much happiness for you 💚xxxx
I want you to continue YouTube so I see what happens in 5/10 years 😊💕
im a really casual viewer, but whenever i watch your videos i become so inspired and am reminded of fresh perspectives on life  along with the reminder to take a step back and evaluate the grand paitning of your life. i fucking love you and the content you create.
Please don’t ask us what we’d like to read from you ... write what you want to write. When you want to write new adult fantasy ... write it even if we don’t wish for it multiple times. There will be people who’ll read your word and who’ll love it 💕 you’ll be your best when you’ll do what you really want to do and not when you’ll do what people want to see from you. Love only! ❤️
Omg I’m so happy you’ve found someone that makes you so happy 😊💚
They caught my rapist, and they told me because I showered I had no proof and that the court would be traumatic for me so don't press charges. I was just 15 and he walked free.
A book that might help a bit with your fear. Many Lives, Many Masters by Dr. Brian Weiss\nIt made me look life and death a bit differently. \nLove and other things sparkly.
i've been together with my boyfriend for 4 years and trust me, it's hard but worth it
Your hair is so beautiful 😍
I'm giving the video a thumbs up but not for more makeup (I'm not a makeup user so that stuff isn't mah thang)
That food video you mentioned would benefit me, and others I'm sure, greatly. Lovely video, keep it up!
Your new BF is gorgeous. As are you. Happy Bi awareness day. :)
I was long distance for 8 years before moving in with my boyfriend this year, it will work if you want it to 😘
What's the difference between a pilot and a neurosurgeon?\nThe neurosurgeon doesn't think they're a pilot!\n\n(I dated a commercial pilot back when I was far too young to be dating someone like that haha so the joke comes from a place of experience and love. They tend to be verrrrrry interesting people I'll give ya that! And nothing like that uniform and the feeling of flying in the Boeing 747 you're partner is literally driving haha MMMMM ENJOY THE RIDE MEL)
Girl! Giirrrll! YEESSSS! enjoy all the fabulous feelings. So so happy for you :) xx
I would love to see a fantasy book with bisexual characters! Haven't gotten to read your book yet but is on my to do list, but I love your creativity and would love to see that type of creativity in fiction!
💚💚
I was talking to this guy who made me the happiest I had been in so long, but I was trying not to depend upon him too much, long story short he was lying to me the whole time we were talking and I'm so glad I didn't depend on him as I now know how to be happy in myself
I've been thinking about seeking help for a long while... I've got several problems with anxiety, fear of food, depression... but its not that big, you know what I mean? These three are not the only things, there are a lot of things that make me feel bad and weird some days, but then I look around at other people going through stuff and going through therapy and see that they are going through much worse things and then I think I shouldnt go and get help as I feel I don't need it? I really want to change it but I think they would just tell me off and say that I am not ill enough? It happened to a friend once..
Congrats Mel! I'm so happy you're happy, you radiate joy and it's infectious 💚 I'm really glad you're back, looking forward to seeing new videos xx
there's something so cosy about your channel, if i want something to just make me feel nice and warm i go to your videos. there's a lot of content on youtube and a lot of it is super high energy, thoroughly planned stuff and don't get me wrong, i love that, but when i want to feel comforted and content i come to this channel. thanks mel, you lovely lady 💚
During this whole video, I was smiling from ear to ear! You just seem so full of life, and funny and just being yourself. I just loved this video & YOU!!!💚💚💚💚
Thanks for answering my question! I'm also bloody terrified of death and can have mini existential crises if I think about it too much! I've also just gone long distance with my partner which is working out fine for us so far because we're both commitment-phobes anyway. Always love watching your videos x
YOUNG ADULT READER HERE :D
Love it!
Jaime Lannister 😭
i'm just loving your vids girlll :)
OMG YEESS, please write fantasy, romance, whatever fiction books!!! 😍
this is sooooo cute ♥️🥀🥀
yey for fiction :D
NICE SHIRT YO
Yes Melanie....we need more beauty videos!
Your a pornstar right?
This is so exciting! Yeay!
Awwwww adorable, so happy for you 💋❤️
Uhh gimme YA fantasy, you gorgeous women with gorgeous boyfriend!!! <3 <3
Happy Bi day!!
This might be a little off topic but what you said about being squishy and the standards of body image, I hate the double standards in beauty/body image that you can freely ridicule skinny bodies and how being skinny isnt the ideal so don't strive for an unhealthy image because it's all in the media and models are very slim.  But speaking as a person that's naturally slim and has always felt too small and unwomanly it's a massive kick that heavler/thicker etc women can freely talk shit about people with slimmer bodies. If I did that to a heavier woman, the world would go mad!  I think that the standards of beauty go both ways, being overweight is as unhealthy as being under and I don't think the world gets that yet!  Love your book and how candid you are in everything on your channel!  I have a question or a topic - Opinion on plastic surgery?  As a person who's had a surgery, I think that plastic surgery isnt' a solution to insecurity!  If you ever wanted to talk about that?   Love your channel! and your boyfriend is so lucky to have an amazing woman like you! xx
You look way better without the fringe
So you chose this chump instead of the true geordie? What an awful decision
I make short films. A shit storm is the perfect description of the process.
I hope ur now bf is my best friend I have rn as my bf in 10 years XD
i'm so afraid of missing my shot at happiness and success because society has instilled this idea of get your life together by 18 or else you've missed the boat but you inspire me!! like it's easy to hear you have your whole life ahead of you but so very hard to actually understand and process that and i'm just. so so glad that you're doing well and thriving.
Who should Poet and Vuj FIFA and Chill with next?
deserves a higher rating just cause how funny he is, what a fkn lad
Defending: 27\nThat's Lovren\nLooooollllll
the London effect 8:27
Do one with romelu lukaku
Vuj looking like Freddie Mercury in that jacket...waaaaaaavy
He's upset about his rating😂\nDefoe scored 3x more goals than he did😂 and theyre the same rating!
Cesc bout to smash him in training 😂😂😂😂😂😂💯
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Marcos Alonso murdered someone
why is it so funny that he said shit, he is human
That Lovren joke 😂😂 coming from a Liverpool fan here.
Poet to batshuayi “make sure you start” poet showing batshuayi who’s the banter king 😂
'Make sure you start as well' Straight in there with the kill shot...
Fifa and chill with mo salah
mannnnnnn, fuck that. I dont wanna read that shit vro lmao i will just leave a like on the vid lol
maybe pace should be higher but what did he expect? he basically didnt play at all last season
Let's be honest he should have more pace, passing,dribbling
He shouldn't be surprised he's only at Chelsea because he's a quick young striker who's from belgium.
He can speak English .... have u seen his Twitter?
Nah he's actually vexed about that card 😂
Honestly, I am being honest one of the top personalities in football. Him and Sturridge are top 2. I would put Sturridge top though as I am a Liverpool fan and I am not being biased but I have just seen him use his personality more, compared to this one video with Mitchy. Haha.
Lol with all the shit this man chat on Twitter I don't believe this. Thought he would be fluent in English.
Aren’t people from Belgium meant to speak good English?
Are u guys trying to win the league and champions league\nNo there trying to get fucking relegated
He definitely tweeted after seeing his card
Fifa and chill with son heung min
benjamin mendyyyyyyy we want it now
This dude is tripping. Honestly nothing special. And I'm a Chelsea fan
Awesome to see footballers getting more interactive, be it with the game or people on Twtitter.
He is bit like drogba..good personality and funny
If DRI stood for driving Marcus Alonso would have a 0
Delusional lad. Should get off twitter and put his head down if he wants those stats because he can easily get to that level. says a lot when ur known more for ur twitter banta than ur actual proffesional day job
He’s a straight up baller
Hazard would be joke on fifa and chill
0:47  Make sure you start as well LMFAO
I'm not English and I can confirm it is quite easy to write but the pronunciation is hard because it isn't the same!!!
Poet doing the typical British speaking to a foreigner tactic of just talking very slowly.
get mendy please he's 78 overall😂
Make sure you start as well 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
this is the 1000th video ive like n my channel :)
Died when he said fucking shit for pace loooool
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Poet and Vuj talking English in a French accent made my day 😂
my guy on the right looks like a ant
Hi Poet &Vuj, Batshuayi is almost as funny as you two. Please get Pep Guardiola next. Love the show.
Vuj bare wants to laugh when his just chatting in French 😭
If morata is an 84 sitting on the bench all season, this guy should be an 83 at leaat
French is a dope ass language lol Batshuayi is the man. Chelsea fans who dont rate him should look at his goal to game ratio. Top notch. And he barely ever starts. So how would you know he’s trash
Pretty sure he from belgium
At 0:50 Poet says make sure you start as well  then takes off his glasses ... 😎
i laughed so hard when both of them tried to go to team management and then both if them try to go back and they just started the game #relatable
Poet probably spends as much time with Vuj as his wife.
Diego costa in the starting lineup? 😂
Wait so can he understand and write English but not speak it ?
Passing 59 haha I laughed so hard when he saw that
Batshuayis friend runs his twitter account for those of you wondering
Vuj your a G,Igor Biscan on his back hahahahaha love from Croatia
poet you could do with some more random shit on your wrist mate
I support Liverpool, so I will choose Everton.
Vuj”is that driving oh dribbling “ lmao
Isnt he belgian
Are these guys use to like something else
It mad though i know people who can understand english but cant speak it like how does that work
Poet is a legend.
man should be rated at least 82 damn
ive just become a michy fan haha
haha, he said i like PNL le monde de rien, Michy said the what then he said si LMAO
F*@%#' shit...     8:20
Should do David Luiz
Sly dig by poet there? 👀 0.46
Poet you asshole. “Make sure you start”
Omg 8:25😂😂😂
8:06 you're welcome.
8:27. 10:22
man said im jamaican we barely speak english lool
85 loool go to bed fella
It's a ovo ting fam
FIFA and chill with Mendy next!!
Lukaku fifa and chill
King batshuayi next up MENDY?
Hahaha what a guy
Get Hazard onnn
Fifa and Chill ft. Mendy
lol 84-85 why not 97 you're better thn messi nd ronaldo
English swears ar at:\n8:26 9:28 10:22
Mitchy sick hattrick against forest
DRIVING!?!?  :-|
He watches AFTV fo sho. He lying
Fucking shit
Michys got bants
YUGOSLAVIA👑👑👑👑👑👑👑
.
PNL le monde ou rien
433 brought me here
Get Benjamin Mendy next
Them boys in the back are creepy af
8:17 he said vitesse and he's a Chelsea player predicting his future...
get Lingard onto the show his reactions will be boss
Wait he always tweets in English, like slang English he says fam etc so how doesn't he know English? (I'm assuming someone translates his tweets for him)
he should have 80 pace, and at least 83 shooting tbh
You're disgusting Perez Hilton. How misogynistic, pressuring her by saying she should have an abortion, and saying you would push the same misogyny on your own daughter. Pretty patriarchal!
Stop throwing shade you fucking douche bag. Just because you can't have kids doesn't mean everyone else shouldn't.
It's her own business, let it go hun.
The fact is if she’s already pregnant then let’s just support her. She has family… Tons of family living close by. She doesn’t have any addiction issues, why call out for her publicly to kill the baby?
Yeah, a half-nigger baby would look terrible.
First, she is 20 and financially stable.  Get your facts straight, you are embarrassing  yourself.  How dare you to act like this. The video is a joke and you are too. I can't deal with you and watch your language, when is it acceptable to speak like this? . No, she shouldn't have an abortion, why should the baby be killed?  Kylie made the choice to have a planned pregnancy or unprotected sex.  You said at end of your video that Kris Jenner's kid's are all grown up...I assume you mean their adults so why should Kylie that has her own home and empire kill this baby?  Who are you anyway? Why are you putting yourself in the middle this?  Why does your opinion matter?
I see lots of alimony in his future....
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time. Should she have gotten pregnant, no. Did she, yes. This is exactly why people are against abortion. It should not be used as birth control.
What Perez Hilton did to Kylie Jenner and her unborn baby over the weekend serves as a strong example of just how often women are pressured to abort their unborn babies. Hilton, a celebrity blogger, said he would have urged the 20-year-old reality show star to abort her unborn baby if she was his daughter, and he openly admitted that he would do the same if his own young daughter came to him pregnant in a similar situation.Rumors spread Friday of Jenner’s pregnancy with her fiance Travis Scott. However, Jenner had not confirmed the news as of Monday morning. In a YouTube video over the weekend, Hilton claims she will be a bad mother and her unborn baby is better off dead (in other words, being brutally chopped apart or dismembered and pulled out of the womb in an abortion).“I truly believe if I were Kris Jenner, the best option for Kylie and her future and for that child would have been for her to abort that baby,” Hilton said in the video. “… And I would say the same thing to my daughter if she were to get pregnant under similar circumstances: her age, not a stable relationship, her just being totally unfit to be pregnant, in my opinion.“Um, I love life, I love babies. If I were Kris Jenner, I would tell that girl to get an abortion!” he said at another point.Hilton faced sharp backlash, as well he should have. For someone who claims to be pro-choice, he is not promoting a choice for Jenner or his own daughter. He publicly admitted that he would pressure both of them to abort their unborn babies, rather than let the choice be theirs alone. It calls into question what would happen years down the road if his daughter came to him pregnant, asking for support and encouragement because she wanted to parent or make an adoption plan for her child.The truth is that many women and girls face heavy pressure to abort their unborn babies, often from their parents or a partner. All too often an abortion is not the “choice” that the abortion industry sells it as. A study in the Medical Science Monitor found that as many as 64 percent of post-abortive women say they felt pressured to have an abortion.People described Hilton’s comments as “beyond disgusting” and asked “why you telling a woman what to do with her body?” But he did not apologize.A few days later, Hilton tried to make things clear by uploading another video on his YouTube channel. The dad of two explained that he didn’t mean that Jenner should get an abortion right now, but it’s something that he would’ve encouraged her to do if he were her parent. The blogger continued by saying that the circumstances are not in Jenner’s favor since she’s still very young, and her relationship with Travis Scott is not stable.Hilton is a single dad to his children, Mario, 4, and Mia, 2 – who were both delivered via surrogates. In the video, he also said that if his daughter would tell him that she’s pregnant at a young age, he will also encourage her to get an abortion.Hilton’s comments expose how legalized abortion really is not about women’s rights or freedom. Too often, it’s about a boyfriend, husband or father trying to escape their responsibilities by pushing a medically invasive procedure that kills a member of their family and injures another.These types of attitudes are precisely what the early feminists were referring to when they called abortion the “ultimate exploitation of women.” As Hilton’s rant proves, even women in the richest, most privileged families in the world are not receiving the support that they and their babies deserve.
The whole of America should do to the the Kardashian clan in the streets what was done to Moussilini, the Romanovs, or the French Monarchy. It's the only way to make it stop.
it's not our say , to make sure she has the child or not. She's 20. She's got such a fantastic business which is worth oh god I think billions by now? She's financially stable. She loves kids and is amazing with kids. She has a house. She has a supportive family. Their are 16 year olds getting pregnant!! Why is she being told all these things! We have no right whatsoever to say such things,it's not our place!! It's her families judgement. Come on guys theirs more serious things going on around the world like TRUMP STARTING UP WW3!!!
The baby's gonna come out 100% silicon.
This is hilarious LOL. Perez Hilton is the voice of reason here.
honestly you're the worst
It's sad that people look at baby's as a burden. I baby is a blessing and brings joy. I had my first child at 20 and she made my life better.  And you can still do anything you want with a child. Plus she is rich. Has her own home. Job. She is fully capable of being a mother. She's an adult not a child. What if kris aborted Kim, Kourtney, and kloe. She wouldn't have a TV show. Her kids helped make her who she is. Abortion is never the answer. It's selfish and cowardly! And this guy is what is wrong with the world!!
You are scum sucking bottom feeder. \nThis is way out of line.I'm not a fan of the Kardashians but this is so insensitive and wrong. Telling someone to have an abortion is so out of line! Abortion is not a casual topic to be thrown around.It's an insult to women and the fact that you take it casually to just blurt that out to be aired to the world reveals a lot about you. \nHope you are slammed for this.
Some girls just aren't meant to be moms. Kylie being number one on that list. I also don't see her dude sticking around or being in the kids life. He's with her for the publicity only,obviously. He's like Chyna👌🏻.
Do you realize that besides killing a baby... abortion HURTS women...physically, emotionally, spiritually?
Who the fuck cares stop worshipping celebrities
You act like Kylie Jenner is some dumb college student still living at home with mommy and daddy. She's done more in her career in just a few years than you have in your entire life. She makes it clear that she's not a party girl, she prefers to stay home. She clearly adores her nieces and nephews. I think she'll be a great mom. You are 100% a judgmental asshole. There are 20 year old girls who get pregnant all the time and they end up doing better for their children than 30 year old men and women who are married. So sit down and shut up.
I think he just said what everybody was thinking. Hurtful or not it was honest.
I agree with the abortion lol that guy is a thug and will ruin her life
she’s an idiot. & she should’ve aborted.
Abortion is not the answer how about ADOPTION
THIS IS GOLD!!!! I didnt even THINK about the whole Rob Kardashian Blac Chyna baby! Its a FAME OFF!
Lost all respect for Perez Hilton after this video. Fuck you “man”.
oh Perez...these people are sooo rich=its not like its a regular girl. im sure you are gonna get a lot of flak for the abortion comment! iy mijo.
I met my husband at 18. Pregnant after two months of knowing him. 9 years later. We are still together! I am grateful to have a blessed family!
This is the first video I have ever seen by Perez Hilton, always seen the website before videos. I agree with you Perez! You hit every important topic
I dont think you should state that you love life and then turn around to tell someone to have an abortion
There is no replacement for a child's biological mother and/or father.
It is nothing short of disgusting that you would suggest kylie get an abortion just because shes a young mother. Never mind the fact that she has millions of dollars to throw at raising this kid, but there are literally millions of 20yr old single mothers who bust their asses to raise amazing kids with much less than kylie already has. you have to be an unbelievably large piece of shit to suggest getting an abortion to a woman who has already established that she wants to keep her kid. but straight up in a few months youre gonna be publishing stories about the kid when their born?
Honestly.  Your mother should abort you.  Now.  With as large a caliber firearm as she can get her hands on.
Shut the fuck up.  Man you people who are so obsessed with other's lives and what they do with it is so fucking pathetic.  YOU people are exactly what's wrong with this country.  Hollywood, celebrities, people who are famous for not doing a fucking thing for society, Et Al. \n\nGO FUCKING KILL YOURSELF.
Well of course this faggot would tell a woman to kill her baby.  His relationships arent pro life, he fucks assholes and ejaculates into  bowels full of shit on a regular basis, no life can come out of that.  So im not surprised at all that a gay man isnt pro life.
Who is this 'guy' is he famous?
Man (girl?) you are so irrelevant... just go away and hide no one cares what you think
This disgusting human being has childen?  Perez Hilton is the lowest scum.
why do you hate women
Dude honestly, babies are born everyday to abusive and drug addict  parents but you feel bad for the Kardashian kids? I'm sure their kids are fine probably better than fine. Also, people have kids younger than Kylie and are AMAZING parents. Stop. I understand it's your job to gossip but  negativity is unnecessary.
What the fuck, you have NO right to tell Kylie or ANYONE to get an abortion, abortion is an option choice yes but, you still have no right, and what the fuck you feel bad for the baby honestly fuck you! And you have a right to state your opinion but that's all you have... still no right to tell or ask like??!! So don't you dare talk about parenthood, YOU HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA HAW MANY PERANTS CANT HAVE KIDS, soo you bitch shut your ass up and your an adult and your gossiping on KYLIE JENNER REALLY BRUH.. please bruh please.
While I do think Kylie is too young and in a very new relationship, I do find it funny how you are judging her because her relationship may not last long. Don't you have 2 kids and  no spouse? That makes you a hypocrite.
So because she's not going to end up with her baby daddy, she should get rid of the baby?  Wth?
Chris is probably happy!!!!!!!!  I can't see her being a good mom she is not MATURE ENOUGH for that responsibility!!!! she will let Chris raise the baby  most of the time!!! Hopefully she will surprise everyone and be a good mother.she is going to have to learn fast.and buy the land and house. She said she wanted to raise a family away from paparazzi.whats sad is she thinks this guys is going to help raise their child together.he will make every excuse to get out of helping to raise their child!!! So she may be on her own unless that's the way she wants it??  What ever her choice good luck to her I wish her the very Best for the innocent baby's sake.from Michigan
She's probably just bored. She's just turned 20 and probably already has everything she wants in life. Having a baby should spice things up and add some purpose back into her sad and dull life.
I agree with you Perez! Why would she downgrade and settle for a nigger kid? It's NUTS....
How NEVER LEARN what’s appropriate and what’s NOT to say to THOUSANDS of young people. What an IDIOT. Way to ENCOURAGE abortion. I’m pro choice, but I don’t go around making ignorant statements like he does here. MORON.
Ok so this guy comes across like a complete loser, I haven't watched any of his videos before but the vibe I get is 'woo views good for business I'm a loser I have nothing else going for myself' 😒😒 just my first impression. Do not like him
I agree with everything u said. ExCEPT the abortion.  👎 \nHow could her having a baby is bad. \nI think she will be fine.
I for one would like to congratulate Kylie & Travis on their brand new business baby!!
Idk how y'all like him. I find this man disgusting, an abortion? if she decides she wants HER baby it's none of YOUR fkn business. If she decides she wants the baby despite not knowing Scott for a long time it's stilllll (dun dun dun)...NONE OF YOUR FKN BUSINESS. discussing someone else's life just because you ran out of ideas for your channel is not cool man.
You can't just kill a baby that is wrong
Mixed race kids are so gross LOL
I thought she was 20
What's up with those women and their love of bbc? It's as if they can't get enough of bbc. They'd do anything for bbc. I'm happy for Kylie. Travis Scott is a great guy.
She probably did it to accumulate fat for a fat transfer
The beginning of the video is my reaction to the news as well lol
You're immature and rude, who really cares about your opinion, I just click to see how stupid you look and what nonsense you say. It's not your buisness so why does it matter???
Saying that someone should get an abortion is essentially the same as saying someone shouldn't be gay. It isn't you, your choice, or your life. People make their own decisions, and instead of trying to live someone else's life you should probably stick to living your own. I don't keep up with her or any of the other Kardashians, and obviously you shouldn't either; because you find that it's your place to tell a mother whether or not her baby should live or die. May I suggest unplugging for a bit and living your own life for a bit? Perhaps not. But that's what I get for keeping up with you.
You are fucking disgusting that all i have to say
don't you have anything better to do ! mind your own bisnes ! I think you have plenty to do in that section...
I love this! It’s honest & exactly how I feel... I may be hypocritical... But idgaf
I'M SICK AND TIRED OF Y'ALL IGNORANT ASS PEOPLE SAYING SHE GOT PREGNANT ON PURPOSE OR THAT SHE WOULDN'T BE A GOOD MOM, ETC. Y'ALL DON'T KNO HER ON A PERSONAL LEVEL AND YEA NEITHER DO I BUT DONT MEAN Y'ALL RATCHET ASSES GOTTA ALWAYS SAY SOME MEAN CRAP. WOMEN WHO GO THRU PREGNANCIES AND BIRTHS ETC ARE THE STRONGEST WOMEN ON EARTH MOMMIES ARE THE STRONGEST!! Even if she did get pregnant on purpse WHO GIVES A FLYING FUCK! ITS HER GOD DAMN LIFE she can handle it financially and she will have tremendous support from the fam! SO STFU AND GO ON WITH UR GOD DAMN LIFE U ASSHOLES! Damn!
Bottom line is, she needs an abortion. Kylie Jenner will not be a good mother. For those of you who know why will understand and to those of you who support Kylie never will. 100% support Perez.
Who the fuck is this irrelevant pig?
You're seriously a piece of shit!!!!
Your a fuckwitt Perez Hilton!!!!! Your a single father so if she doesn't last with him why does it matter???? Your so cruel.
who even are u
All of these young girls on this comment thread defending Kylie. This looks horrific, money doesn’t make you a good mom. Imagine being a regular girl at 20, in the middle of college and getting pregnant by some guy you hardly know. Would you be happy with yourself? Would your parents be happy? You hardly know yourself at 20. I’m 17 and even I know that I’m hardly gonna know what to do with my self in 2.5 years at 20... a kid? Hell no. Girls, your idol should not be a young girl who gets pregnant by a rapper at 20. No matter how much money she has.
What if someone told you to abort your child???
she's 20 not 19 and my mom gave birth to me when she was 17... I got disciplined plenty enough. You have a child... what's the difference between you have a child that neither you or your partner actually gave birth to and Kylie having a baby. I'm not even a fan of the kardasians but you're just a twat. Maybe your mother or the surrogate mother to your child should have had an abortion... especially having to have a father like you.
Idc what anyone says I think Kylie and Travis planned this Travis sees Kylie as real life treasure she has the money she's it girl Travis is not the best looking thing but he feels the shit because Kylie is gorgeous if Travis didn't have money and fame no high end celebrity like Rihanna or Kylie would date him I think Travis is taking advantage of her he seems dollar signs kylie maybe finically ready but relatively mentally not ready having a baby is not a something to try to fill the void I feel sorry for Kylie here family clearly doesn't respect her her mom only cRs about money and dad only cares about himself
Who are you to say anything about abortion. Shame on you . Its going to be hard when your kids grow up and Google you,  you did alot for money at one time.....hmmm shame on you. Wishing a child death.  No matter,who is its family
Your just using her name for views😂😂😂😂
by the way - shocking to listen this shit. don't you have own lifes of any sort. creepy as fuck. pardon my french.
Honestly, I just want to get this off my chest, but telling people to get abortions is wrong. I mean this is Kylie's first time having a baby but I think that she might be a good mum. If people keep telling people to get abortions how will have more people? I may think she's doing this for publicity. This is just my opinion.
For once I agree with Perez.
I swear these Kardashians do ANYTHING to keep themselves relevant and in the news.
Perez Hilton you're so right I love you
She always talked about having children, there a void she's trying to fill, but who knows, she may be a good parent, you can't say she's too young, there are a lot of young women have kids and sometime it forces them to grow up and be responsible. Stop judging her, she's not the first nor will she be the last.
I am a Christian and I'm pro life Mr. Hilton; as a young woman take the responsibility in the situation you had gotten yourselff into its all maturity .
you're 39...
Come on p'😂😜💋💖🌈
Dick
Slimer from ghostbusters looks like you
RIGHT
Fuck you
Best video Ever
Surrogate for Kim
Accurate
What a disgusting video.
like mother, sisters, all garbage.
Too bad ur mom didn't abort ur cancerous kweer fetus
This is sooo funny loool
💕🐳💕🐳💕🐳🐳🐳🐳🐳
Real talkkkk
You're a monster. Just because that baby looks like an inconvenience to you, that's a good reason to kill a child?! Fuck no! You're a monster! If she's pregnant, she most likely wanted to become pregnant. Kylie always said she wanted to be a young mom. You're just absolutely disgusting and the way you look at life is just horrendous and horrible. Fuck you! Fuck your evil views! That girl will be a good mother whenever she gives birth the her child. And if the relationship with her boyfriend doesn't last, that kid will still be surrounded by a ton of love from his aunts and cousins.
Wow you are so repugnant. Kylie is pro-choice, and she chose. Because of her choice, her baby girl is going to be born, grow into a functioning human being, and one day know about your disgusting commentary about her. Hopefully she becomes a strong enough woman so that she doesn’t feel any less human because she, “should have been aborted, shouldn’t she?” How ugly of you.
She should have an abortion?! Yeah murder a baby for doing nothing but being made. What if someone killed your kids?
I'm really surprised that Kylie Jenner is pregnant ,I know  her dad problem isn't  happy with the News . I'm shocked,that really is too Bad!
Why cant Matpat make a theory on a anime he loves?\nI mean! As long as he actually loves/likes the anime, why cant he make a theory on it?\nIts just a FUCKING theory, a fucking FILM theory!
This just makes me scared that Harry in the first Harry Potter book spoke to the person who made a philosopher stone I know it's a whole different thing but if it wasn't Harry spoke to a killer that made the philosopher stone
what if evil morty is being controlled by a different summer, it would make sense because of how evil shes been this season...yo.
Your entire theory rests on the idea that Lust is creating her body from pure energy. Maybe she is. But is it not conceivable that she's simply transmuting the air around her into flesh or pulling the particles of her that Mustang just blasted off back into place? That would probably cost her less energy than making herself from scratch.\n\nYou also assume the homonculi all have equal shares of father's souls. But that's simply not true, as evidence by their very different abilities which have different costs and the different ways that they die. For example, Wrath just has super-human strength speed, reflexes, and vision, but doesn't regenerate. Sloth can regenerate, but his ability to do so is significantly less than Lust's or Gluttony's, with him being killed not by nine intense fiery explosions, but by a couple strong men and some sharp spikes of rock created by an alchemist. These guys aren't all equal, and so your estimate both of the number of souls and of their value is off.\n\nAnd you also got the alchemy method wrong. Western alchemy works not because of father but rather by opening The Gate within every alchemist. Father knows how to cut off their access to that gate temporarily.
He used the soul from soul eater
Huh, so Disgaea had it spot on with its prinnies exploding each time you threw them.
But souls don’t exist
Dude you gotta do a video figuring out who the vandal was on American Vandal
i sold my soul for a pop tatrt...i think  regret that now...i should have gone for the Klondike bar...
Your videos have been great. Keep them up.
Wait, if the stones contain that much mass-energy... should they also be that heavy? In other words, everyone with such a stone had better be really really strong and durable to be able to support its mass and carry it around.
Wow, a human soul is *pricey.*
I don’t usually comment on these sorts of things, but FMA has been my jam for the better part of 15 years now, so you better believe I’m gonna jump on this like Gluttony on a burger. There’s several issues in this theory that throw the calculations way off.\n\nFirst of all, the inclusion of the Seven Heavenly Virtues. First of all, the Virtues don’t appear until Aurelius Clemens Prudentius’ poem Psychomachia, written around the 5th Century AD, while the Seven Deadly Sins as we know them first appear in the 4th Century through the writings of Evagrius Ponticus. (Thanks Wikipedia!) With a full 100 years between the two, it’s pretty safe to say that these are not equivalent parts of the soul. Of course, all of that is a moot point since Hiromu Arakawa herself has said that Christianity does not exist in the world of FMA, so including the Virtues at all is a no-go from day one. With that, the calculation of the average number of souls per Homunculi should be doubled. This is of course assuming that each Homunculi has the same number of souls. \n\nSecond, the calculation of how many souls it takes to regenerate Lust during the fight against Mustang has two MAJOR assumptions that completely ruin the theory overall. First, it assumes that Lust’s Philosopher’s Stone is “full”. We know for a fact (A Film Fact!) that Lust has been killed at least once before thanks to Maes Hughes (RIP in pepperonis), and it’s safe to assume that she’s been killed several times before then. The FMA fandom wiki puts her age at about 250 years old, and although I can’t find any source for that, I think it’s safe to say that she’s been around the block a couple dozen times. This means that she’d also have the normal energy drain from aging, on top of the massive dips when she’s killed.\n\nThird, and I’m really surprised that MatPat didn’t bring this up, but since Alchemy is a science, it’s also subject to our good old friend Entropy. Transmuting energy into matter has to have a massive hit to entropy. We don’t have anything close to exact numbers, but I think we can assume that the entropy created when turning a soul into flesh is pretty massive. \n\nAlso, and this is a nitpick, but we really can’t assume Lust’s weight. Both Envy and Gluttony have been shown to be much heavier than they appear physically, so it’s not outside the realm of possibility for her actual mass to be much higher.\n\nBut hey! Assuming spherical Homunculi in a vacuum, at least your math is right! And that’s juuuuuuust a theory! An aaaaaaanime theory!
before you die, drink 5 hour energy, you will have 5 more hours to live
I have found the answer to how many cupcakes can Pedro buy with one human soul.\nIf we believe film theory's value of 1 soul we can find the answer.\nBy his math 1 human soul is equal to 654 Terajoules so if we convert that to a unit where we can get a momentary value we get 512498763188 Kilowatt Hours.\nIf we take the average price of $.12 per KwH we get $61499851582.5\nNow if we take the  average price of $1.25 per cupcake we get a grand total of...\n49,199,881,266 cupcakes for the price of 1 human soul.
Hey it's favourite anime :)
Do a seven deadly wins theory!
As a youtube commenter I feel it is my obligation to needlessly overcomplicate an otherwise excellent theory. Lust dies and regenerates a couple of different times in the series before she ultimately meets her end. Not to mention, she's 400+ years old so there is probably an uncountable number of similar instances of regeneration throughout her lifespan that we don't see. Also, it's reasonable to assume that using her powers would drain some of the energy from her stone, and unless she only recently began taking an active role in things, she's been draining that energy for centuries. Though it's probably a drop in the bucket, comparatively.\n\nThis whole comment is merely for the sake of being pedantic and pretending I'm smarter than I am, and I'm fairly certain that other commenters have made these points already, but as a youtube commenter it is my right, nay, my *duty*, to press on anyway.\n\nEnjoyed the video as always, good job on the theorizing :)
TV: FOR WHAT COULD EQUAL THE POWER OF THE HUMAN SOUL?\n\nMatpat: 156 kilotons of TNT
I've lost far more souls then 38,309 souls from one death in Dark Souls..... Many times....
Love all the correctly used Dragon ball references he used to make up  for the incorrectly used one on his previous video 👌
Just pointing out a problem with your math, MapPat: you're assuming Lust still had her full soul value at the time of her death, which she couldn't have since she'd died at least 3 times (that we'd seen in the show) before this scene. \nNot to mention all the non-lethal injuries she'd healed from; just how many souls or how much of a soul did she use to close the hole she opened in her chest to show off her Stone?
Did you realize that she could have used energy BEFORE mustang kild her
Plz do a theory on One Piece!
0:08\nyou seem pretty good at it
And he didn't even mention the Higgs Boson particle!
I love how you did the intro
You only need one soul to be immortal.
Omfg.... The amount of fail increases every episode.... \nI'm just done with you Mat... I'm done.
Do a theory on the dragon balls
You can't use the dragon balls because the z fighters always use it before us humans are allowed to
Comics? ............. (rage intensive) It... It's over 9000.. Wait it's manga never mind
Theories can't come from nothing? I think MatPat is using a Philosopher's Stone, then.
You are forgeting that Lust and Father have lived for an extremly long time already and used alot of energy in doing so she also uses her powers pretty frequently which also uses the power of the souls.
Do a MY HERO ACADEMIA theory please
Hey, Matpat:\nSince you just made another anime theory, why don't you make a Neon Genesis Evangelion one. Tell me: What is the true meaning of the ending in the series?
Assuming Lust had the same amount of souls that she was created with, and I'm pretty sure Scar blowup some of those off. My guess would be we have a much larger figure in the end.
Make an It theory!!! 🎈🎈🎈🎈
Do an IT theory!
It's  just a Movie, Bro
do an episode on the toriko x one piece x dragon ball z crossover episode\nLike talk about the fish.\n\nOr just do an episode on logia type devil fruits
Make a video on how to kill Alucard!!!!
He doesn't have a relationship with them, he just remembered their names
Its just a movie bro!
Is LeLouche Vi Britannia dead?Anime theory right there.
At 1:58 it’s not comic it’s MANGA
Jesus Christ Mat Pat is so annoying. \n The THEORETICAL number a person can maintain a RELATIONSHIP with. \nThat's not learning a name. It is essentially learning a new language. Or rather several ones. \nIt's just memorizing words. \nThe longest pi memorization is 63 thousand digits. And that's one guy in however many years. Not Von who had hundred of years to memorize. \nNot only that but in his matrix episode he said human bodies had shitty energy output. Apparently not.
You need to account for fathers mass which would make the energy needed different
Hey I'm just wondering how likely it would be to survive in sword art online cos I truly loved it nothing near how much I love game theory but I'd love it if you did thx
2:30 sorry buddy, but Pride didn't die. He lived and actually became a kind of good person, saving birds and junk.
Can you make one about ben 10? I wanna understand the science behind his transformation or something.. idk it can be about whatever but i really want it.
As always, love the video. The Kim Jung-un joke made me snort. Thanks XD
Evil Morty is back Matt pat
Is nahruto or nuruto
Anime nation
i heard BNHA and was hOoked
MATT WHERES  DOCTOR WHO PART 3 IM WAITING
Watch Gurren laggan on Netflix
NEXT \nMY HERO ACEDEMIA
0:36 woa soul eater theory confirmed 100 emoji joy emoji fire emoji.
DO RICK AND MORTY
You forgot ling, the 2nd greed
and now you can trad you souls whit the devil and get a fair deal
Scientist:Sir!\nPresident: what is it?\nScientist: we have no more electricity and will soon run out!\nPresident: then we shall use...\nSOULS!\nMe: and this is why Trump won't be the next president in 3 and a half years.
Honestly, I think your estimated are on the conservative side. You've discounted all the times Lust used the stone to add mass to her body by extending her fingers, plus we don't know how long she's been alive and how much further a stone can extend a human life span.
Keep in mind, not all of the stones have the same quantity of souls.
Can you do a theory on what Katniss and Peetas kids names are?
Do a theory on L's sitting position in DeathNote and how it increases his reasoning
11:24 This doesn't affect the validity of the theory, but most of the mass of atoms comes from the strong force holding the quarks of the protons and neutrons together, not the weak force holding the nucleus together.
If you had the philosopher stone maybe you would have enough time for the pyro update.
The Film Theorists you should do how much money did phineas and ferb has spent during their summer.
Seeing as he speaks of learning their names, Dunbar's number is not applicable to this. As you show he says he learned their names.\n\nDunbar's Number is specifically on the subject of relationships with people, to know them. Learning a name would be a lot easier then learning a name, what they like to eat on Sundays, what book they are currently reading and what their favourite colour is. \n\nSure it might still be impossible, but does not fall under Dunbar's Number.
You forgot to minus all the souls from the ginger people who died.
kagebunshin no jutsu
Could you please do a theory on glitter force and glitter force doki doki
I think you missed out the time Roy burned her earlier on with the hydrogen explosion.
And this is why Kimblee makes a living with explosions.
Zero gold pieces. I've not got one.
So your saying that a soul gets used up to regenerate from the burn? Is it just a one time use? If thats the case then wouldnt ones be used up when shes shot and stabbed and hurt before mustang goes all flamey on her???
A comic and manga are different
Your math is wrong. You forgot about calculating her previous uses of the Philosopher Stone, the possible deaths she has accumulated over time from various other battles that may or may not have happened, the amount of time that Lust was burnt under Mustang's flames when her body was constantly regenerating as opposed to simply regenerating AFTER the blast, and the longevity of the souls in accumulation of years Lust has lived.
you fucked up boi, what if they took damage previously and lost battery thourgh that... so not only from the flaming fapp hand guy
how come you still havent done a theory on Mr robot yet? And with the new season coming out soon you really need to do a theory on it...please
I want a comic theorists channel
Only problem is there was still some of the souls used prior to mustang burning her 9 times. Therefor his numbers  are not fully correct. Each soul would be worth even more than he has assumed. A battery will still lose some charge for small uses and lust has been attacked many of times before mustang.
And while I am thinking about it, I have a recommendation for something you should watch. The Case for the Soul by InspiringPhilosophy. Maybe you can watch the series in this link: https://youtu.be/FbxD04LWW10 (It is just the first episode, but the next episode is beside it in the Up next section.)
Problem,\n\n\n\n*I have no soul*
Can you do a video on how big Gotham city is?
Can you do a theory on Mr. Robot?
Any week now.... CAN WE PLEASE GET A XAVIER: REGENERATE ANGEL THEORY?
Please look at Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (the newest one) at the very least watch it (it's amazing and you would definitely appreciate it) but it would an amazing show to look at in any of this channels types of episodes.
I know it's been a while since the Poppy theory, but it reminded me that y'all should do a theory on Melanie Martinez! Apparently there's a story that connects all of her music videos together. It I don't know what it is so I'd love to see y'all piece it together!
A philosopher's stone? You're joking, right? That gives eternal life, so...
Huh, i finished FMA:B a day after this theory came out. That's definetly significant, i'm just not sure why
Dammit MatPat now I have to watch FMA brotherhood again
I'd say these results jive pretty well with the soul powered handgun found at villainsupply .com that removes mountain peaks with every shot.\n\nNote: villainsupply .com is oldschool internet and no longer exists, much to my chagrin.  Extra space added to break the link since it just goes to a squatter.
So when the last Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood video came out, I watched it and was like, I need to watch this anime... but then I didn't :'( I watched this video when it came out and was like, I'm definitely going to watch this anime, I started that night and finished watching it last night, and oh my, it was amazing, like soooooooo good. Thank you MatPat.
5:08
Kim likes you
About Tree-Fity.
Chorizo James... perfect name for a luchador. Career change? ;)
Before summer ends *everyone is wearing jackets*
This is why they bully you, Ben. Because you loudly proclaim about parties in your mouth.
I've liked this video but really its only half a like cos Mike's not in it. hashtagteamhuttlestone
for a theme week you guys should really do a cheap week. and maybe for a battle give each of the guys like 20 bucks or something and get them to actually shop and create a dish.
I'm so happy James is in more videos! Love these kinds of videos, I can't wait to go back to London.
loving that james is getting more screen time
I was in London earlier this summer and NEEDED THIS THEN. y'all are killing me with all these London recs, when I'm NO LONGER THERE TO TRY THEM.
Am I the only one or is umami Ben's favourite flavor
hey i just really enjoy how furiously ben said theres a party going on in my mouth!
Sooooo who is organizing the Sorted Food Oktoberfest meetup??
YOU GUYS!  I'm seriously loving all the outdoor/on-location stuff you've been doing lately.  It's really been so fun and interesting, getting to see more of where you live and the places you can get to, seeing as how you're in England and all.  I've been a subscriber for a long time and I love the channel and you guys to bits and can't wait to see what's next! :D
YAS JAMES YAS
is it wrong I said 'helloooo' same time as Jamie.
James is a legend. More of James in the future please
OMG MAKE YOUR OWN VERSIONS OF THESE I WANT THEM IN MY MOUTH NOW.
I love how James is more present in your videos!
You guys are KILLING me over here!  I want all the foods!!
I thought the fat guy was supposed to be funny, why are you so cringe Jamie :|
Loving all the James and all of the exploration videos!!
I just want to hug ben and be his daughter. Hes so cute. Such a dad.
absolutely heartbreaking. went to France on holiday a week too late to see you, and went to London during London week but didn't even get a peep of your leg hairs. even happened to go to borough the same day but oh, the greatness of my luck is compelling!! :)
“Central London”.. Brixton is zone 2. 🙄
I just saw an ad of this place on this video XD
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Brixton is hardly central london is it?
Jamie... come by Indonesia for super spicy food!!!!!
I don't think I'll ever tire of commenting this;\n\nTch oh - ree - thoh\n\nI don't care how you pronounce the rest of the word but please, PLEASE  use an English th, not a z. Thank you. 
Erm.... if it’s in Brixton, then it’s certainly not central London. It’s South London. Please don’t confuse people. Thanks.
Thank you for the suggestion. Will definitely keep them in mind when I visit London next year!
James hopping over the bench and saying 'i'm very tall!' honestly made my day
Padron peppers have a rare spicy one in them, but they all look the same. It's like dorito's roulette, but a lot healthier :P
Do more Indian food taste-testing-things!!! We'll help you with pronunciation! :D
Fellas, I'm sure the food is great there, but it looks like a mall food court. Wanna go to some great looking rooftop bars -- try Los Angeles.
Beach on a rooftop??? Sounds cool 😁
U lads ever gonna actually get back to cooking again?
Yum! Thanks for taking me along on that great lunch trip! :)
wasn’t it mike who made the ‘and there’s a party going on in my mouth’ comment?
Good to know James is at least willing to enjoy less frilly things occasionally.
Love this video, it's also my birthday today I'm 20!!! 🎉🎉 love u guys 😘😘
GUYS GET A DIFFERENT CAMERA MAN AND GIVE MIKE MORE SCREEN TIME PLS
my mum went on a complete padron pepper bender this summer. honestly sick of them now, she just took it too far.
I got distracted in church by this\n...
You guys should check out GrubMCR! They are amazing, and such a great vibe. I've been there about 5 times. Look them up on instagram :)
Shouldn't an Oktoberfest be finished by the time it is actually october?!
God Did u see Jamie munching on that pepper!! he grew up in my eyes!
You should really make your own version of stuffed naan, for example nutella, pizza, cheese and sooo much more
You should do the same thing at Pergola on the roof in Shepherd's Bush!
Please go back there for Oktoberfest!!! If it's authentic food you will love it!
oh god, why am I watching this when I'm just about to go grocery shopping and I'm already starving. There's no possible way I'll make responsible decisions.
I love the exiting things you see and do. I would like to go there if I go to London again. Cheers!
Slightly disappointed that it wasn't called mac and chorizo.
I love whenever you guys do a food adventure video!
Man if I took a shot for everytime one of the lads said umami I'd end up in the hospital,
I see Brixton has been gentrified.
There is no spice in this what so ever!!! Dying
I'm not so lucky, so I have to take your word for how amazing it was.  Not that I could afford it, or afford going to London from USA... I can't even afford to go to KC, and you were there recently.  I laughed that you had taken my advice, though.  Not JUST my advice, I am sure you had a LOT of people tell you the same thing.  I liked that you did the bit with the fountains.  I shared all those videos you made in KC, hope they got you a few more fans.
4:21 we love you Ben XD NEVER CHANGE
Jamie's hair reminds me of a certain dictator...
Always looking for exciting new places to eat, brixton has so many hidden gems when it comes to eating out👏🏼
I really enjoy this concept of testing lots of food in one city. It changes it up a bit ! :)
The thing with padrón peppers is, as the saying unos pican y otros no which mean some are spicy and some not. The funny thing with eating them (aside from being really delicious) is that there's the chance that you get a super spicy one and makes you want to die! :D
Thanks!  What a treat!  Loved the critical commentary.  Wish I could have been there!
So this is great and all, but what if you don't have much of a kitchen or a kitchen at all, how are you going to make mac and cheese? I'll tell you how, go to my Mac and Cheese recipe on my channel. I'll teach you to do it without even having to boil the noodles.
Oh my gosh, you were in Brixton?!?
I thought this was gonna be a video on how to make charizo Mac and cheese but I'm still not disappointed.
Ben... I'm sure people would love to join your party in your mouth or wherever(I mean house) now that you've offered.
Sorry Ben, once you put it out there there's no taking it back... Party in my mouth 🎶🎶 sing it!
really like these types of videos! keep it up boyssss~
Am I invited to Ben's party?
 pimientos de padrón, unos pican, otros no. that's what we say in Spain.  padrón peppers, some are hot, some are not. That's the funny thing, u never know if you will eat a super hot one but in general they are really tasty and mild.
For a second, I thought Ben called James a dick\nturns out he called him ridiculous\nclassic bennuendo
I want to hang out with you guys! Some incredible sounding food! Could talk about them all day!
I'm hungry
That all looks freaking amazing....
What the heck is umami
wtf is this shit lol
pimentos padron, uns picon outros non <3
Ugh. London is just one huge pretentious hipster paradise :/
Do another shocker recipe
courtois
Bens two favourite things:\n- sprigs of mint\n- umami (oo-maa-me)
Where's Barry?!
Watching your vids always ways cheers me up!
Chorizo mac and cheese...I'm weeping.
again KAAK WARKA make it !
Ben's 5:00 shadow goatee is lovely
Padron peppers omg
Food.
mac & cheese wins every time!
*The BOURGOIUSE*\n\n\n\n\n\nhowevr u spell that
Macarrones con chorizo de toda la vida bye
Ben, you can't just take that sentence back! As per the Chinese idiom: 一言既出，驷马难追, once you've said something, you can't take it back :>
I am confused... titles says mac & cheese, but video is of chili cheese fries...
Do padron peppers ever have heat?!
James is finally not camera shy.
Padrón peppers!!! 😍
That place looks super cool!
Your channel never fails to make me hungry 😩Thanks!? Lol
Explain umami
Thanks for watching! New videos at 2pm PST every day of the week!\nBe part of the FBE Family! Subscribe, then hit the 🔔  & check the box.\nNotification Squad: We respond to comments the first 30 minutes a video is uploaded, so be sure to turn on notifications and come say hi sometime!\nThank you for supporting us all & our company! You’re all amazing!\n- FBE Team
please have trixie and katya react to this in the next Unhhhh!
Drag queens react to themselves on drag race!!!!
I love how open minded Catherine is.
Catherine for S10 judge!!!
Teens react to rupaul's drag race
Catherine was hysterical lmao
seriously love Catherine, I wish she was one of my grandma's. Such a fun loving lady with such a big and welcoming heart.
I love Catherine, she's so open minded and accepting. Unlike some...
I love the Elders so much. Also, who else wants Catherine to be their best friend?
love that they chose one of the most ICONIC Lipsyncs!
Catherin is me in 50 years 😂👏
... react on UNHhhh
I love how open-minded these elders are 😍👏🏼👏🏼
OH MY GOD FIIINAAALLLYYYY!!!!!! PLEASE DO TEENS AND ADULTS REACT TO RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE NEXT!!!!!!
RuPaul’s Drag Race Queens react to elders react to RuPaul’s Drag Race
This would have been the perfect time for kim chi to reveal his drag to his parents
catherine is my queen
I WANT TO KIKI WITH CATHERINE
Never have I ever clicked on a video this quickly
I love how welcoming a few of them were immediately but even more how most of them came around to it by the end. <3
Catherine is me in 40 years.
They HAVE to do a teens react if this ,the elders reacting to it was really predictable
Catherine is so cute ;_;
Catherine is amazing!!
why don lowkey looking like an older darienne lake
CATHERINE WAS SO CUTE
Catherine will always be my fave!!
*Sees Sasha Velour and Alyssa Edwards*\nYAS
plz made a teens react to rupaul drag race.
Catherine is my soul sister!
How about Elders and Kids React to: Face Off (the SyFy show)  ?
Yes thank you! Been requesting this for such a long time.
OMFG TEENS REACT 2 RUPAULS DRAG RACE PLS 😂😂😍😍😍
I smell some collabaration up in here.... crossing my fingers.
elders react to nfl players kneeling during national anthem
Catherine is savage!
I LOVE CATHERINE
I want elders reacting poppy!!
so sweet! love drag so much!❤️
im catherine
TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS TEENS
i love catherine
Josie is so cute
Loooove Cathrine with all my heart
Thats kinda cute xD
Catherine is queen
I clicked this soooo fast
No surprise that Rock wasn't in this episode.
as soon as i heard valentina i said oh no lmaoooo
Elders react to Rick and Morty
elders react to mac demarco!!
react to Adele
Teens react to teen wolf finale
Elders react to lil pump
Call Aretha Franklin's people and see if you canget her to show up. Have the Elders and the Kids react to her.
DIVA DUDES
Elders react to Harry Styles performances.
Elders (lyric breakdown) Wish You Were Here by Neck Deep
Elders react to Brandon Rogers please
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
THIS IS SO CUTEE
Elders react to Call of Duty WW2 Campaign Trailer
This isn’t even 5% of the Show but I liked their reaction. :D
please you should make react to Jimi Hendrix
PLEASE REACT TO THE ZOMBIES ( THE PEOPLE WHO MADE TIME OF THE SEASONS )
Teens react to '' Cage The Elephant'' PLEASE! <3
_____ watch Twin Peaks
elders react to Melanie Martinez
I LOVE YOU CATHERINE OMGGGGG
Do elders react to Europica
Elders react to SEPULTURA !!!
DAS A DUDE
PARTY CITY
ELDERS REACT TO 21 SAVAGE!!!
I love Catherine, she's so fun!
THIS IS SUCH A MASTERPIECE
AMAZING
Teens react to Over The Garden Wall
Elders react to cardi bodak yellow
This made me miss Kinky Boots :( I'm going to have to check this show out
react to sidemen disstracks
Elders react to ghost bc!!
Robert: *chuckles* yas
Elders react to mushroomhead
We need Elders REACT to Pantera
They should react to MAYORES by Bucky G
teens react to vocaloids!!!!! plz plz
Elders react to BTS!!! kpop
Elders react to 17 XXXTENTACTION
Teens react to rupaul's drag race😍😍
Elders react to MICHAEL JACKSON❤❤❤
Sub. Pleaseeeee
❤❤❤
Elders React to the band KISS
-g8h52j-\n*TO GET 5000 Y0UTUBE SUBSCRIB€RS, G0 TO MY CHA!NNEL!*\n\n\n       \n                                                        \n\n\n-ftu429-
-f159y6t-\n*TO GET 5000 Y0UTUBE SUBSCRIB€RS, G0 TO MY CHA!NNEL!*\n\n\n\n\n\n-g6n3iu-
<<<---------h4j18h-\n*Hi ..IF YOU NEED SUBSCRIB€RS G0 TO MY cha!nnel!*\n\n\n\n\n----ii---------hg63g3--
Elders react to Richie Valens
React to Kylie Jenner's Pregnancy!
Tim Curry is Tim Curry dressed as a creepy clown.\n\nBill Skarsgård is Pennywise.
this movie was SO good...IS so good
The best movie ever 🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈
The pennywise actor is cute
1 Million views after 22 hours?! JUST WOW!!!
I live really near a city called Derry in Northern Ireland and this scares the shit out of me
He's probably gonna win an Oscar for his performance.
Bill you are the best, I've seen the movie in theatres but I can't wait for the DVD's to come out
I can't take this new Pennywise seriously, he reminds me too much of the Queen of hearts from Alice in wonderland 2010 and Chuckie from Child's play.
Wind blew me away. Blew the whole circus away
The movie was frikkin' amazing :)
*YOU'LL FLOAT TO*
Pennywise w/o makeup looks hot no homo
When the featurette makes you want to see the movie more than the actual trailer did.
I have to say, having watched this movie, I didn't find it scary at all. I did, however, find if madly entertaining and Pennywise is spot on!
I seriously can't wait to watch this!!!!!!!🎈
This movie made me laugh more than it did scare me but still loved it
Its gotta feel good hearing that from Stephen King himself
I really enjoyed the movie when I saw it Friday. I was super happy with how it turned out.
I've watched this movie twice now, and this video makes me want to see it again. I have chills. I love this movie SO much.
I saw this film in theaters. Very dramatic  &  gory  in places. Great story of friendships & coming of age.
Please Warner Bros, you can add the option of Add Subtitles? PLEASE!!
Wasn’t as scary as I thought it’d be but the movies atmosphere was phenomenal
BILL SKARSGÅRD IS HOT
THIS MOVIE WAS SCARY. IDC shit was scary af
I think the originial Pennywise was creepier because he felt more like a regular clown and evil clown whereas this one is just an evil clown.
I’m a kid fuck you IT
The movie was awesome
They did this movie so right! 👌Growing up loving the book, and the made for tv movie. I never thought it would live up to my expectations. They nailed it!
The animation of pennywise when he would run at the camera...so cringe worthy..like a weird animated pokemon attack...that and how goofy all the CGI aspects of him were...eh.
Here lol
Bill Skarsgård was a fantastic Pennywise!
Je \nSus \nChrist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jasZU1-vO-U&t=5s\n#helpmefriends Help me friends, than you can! It is necessary to collect $ 37,000 to repay the debt to creditors! I ask for the first time, as soon a son will be born and money is very necessary. But the debt to creditors hinders development. I promise to return the money received, to those who will help me.\nAfter transferring you funds, write me in facebook: my link\n1. It is necessary to specify the address of the wallet from which you transferred funds to me.\n2. Specify the date and amount of the transfer.\n3. The link to Facebook, so that in the future I could contact you and return you money!\nMy bitcoin wallet for donation:\n1FY1AdE78G3ZPZ3b68QzbTDo41TMxv9b9b\nMy credit card:\nMasterCard: 5311 6942 2766 2254\nThank you in advance!
I hate how there're douchebags who dislike this film for very stupid reasons. This flick is solid!
At 2:21 you will see why bill Skarsgard was chosen to play Pennywise.
I felt this movie was as good as the first half of the original. It wasn't better, it wasn't worse. And people always say BUT BUT BUT THE ORIGINAL IS CHEESIE and so? what's wrong with that.
Now, for all the awesome  success Warner Bros. goes up on the TOP
I would like to see this motherfucker go toe to toe with my boy Spawn instead molesting bunch of nerd kids. He would get fucked sideways.
Warner Bros, with FNAF better make it animated. Otherwise it's probably going to look childish and cringe. The story won't even matter.
It looks like the mouse of Chuck e cheese mouse lol it's so creative I love the clown acts and the movie!
Cant wait to see this movie!!!!!! Im so excited!!!!!😍
won't do you any good to run. Girly boy
Fear is our most primal, of emotions-;#JoeDavola
5 days.... still 5 fucking days.... thank you Germany
Pennywise only needs to tell me Oppa(s) is down here. And I'll go down that suer, no need for long questions.
Here before the million
What is the music in the beginning
Oh well.. I-I'm Mr. Bob Gray or P-pennywise t-he D-dancing C-clown hehe. Georgie, meet Pennywise. Pennywise, meet Georgie. Now we're not strangers anymore, right? \n\nHaha! I guess so! I should get going now.\n\n\nOh without your boat?\n\n\n*instant death* \n\n*we all float down here*
Let's be real here people. The creepiest part of the movie was Bev's dad.
IT is the best funny movie 😁
*If it 2017 was real* Ahhh such a nice quiet town to live *sees a giant clown terrorizing kids* well I guess we can't stay here. Let's go
Bill skarsgard was amazing as IT. \nThe look the voice the facial features. Amazing
The clown trend died last year.
This movie was fucking stupid. They tried waaaay to hard to make it seem scary but really IT was just corny and too much like every horror movie out there these days.
Why not get someone good to play pennywise cause from what I've seen sneeze guard does a pretty bland, not remotely close to being nightmare fuel. I mean why try doing things that stopped scaring the vast majority of kids and try to play it off as scary? You should have tried your best to get good old Captain Spaulding to play pennywise which would have added a much much much darker aspect to him.
0:47when you go to shit
Bev is hot
I hate horror movies and I loathe clowns but I loved this movie. It went right up to one of my favorites ever.
It
I hope in the next movie about it, so that when the kids are adults and go back to Derry to stop it, hopefully some die (not to be heartless or anything) that pennywise develops new skills or powers that make him stronger, or a other clown could step in and help pennywise kill the fully grown kids. Idk I think it would be interesting. And make it more scary.
I think one of the reasons this movie wasn't scary enough was because the kids are never REALLY scared. In the projector scene where they first saw Pennywise together, as soon as they open the garage door they are all like Phew! that was kinda scary and they're all having a conversation like they just saw a scary movie. Any kid (specially any kid in the 80's) would have been shaking and traumatized but they get over it so easily so why would anyone as an audience be more scared than the characters?
2:21 So.. I do hope the fans will feel the same way. THAT STAAARE! THAT FAAACE!
1:22 what scene is that???
Stephan Kong’s opinion on It and Pennywise is the only opinion to consider
Bill was amazing but That fucking painting tho...
Chin down - eyes up, and looks more brutal.
Was expecting it to be cheesy cause movies this year suck bad (I work at a movie theater) This has to be the best horror/thriller movie I have seen in years! 👏
hlo guys i m down here and I'm flooooaaaaaaatiiiiiiiiing
that lip thing gives me the uncomfortable feels
Watching this trailer at 4:30 in the freaking morning is a humongous mistake. Holy shit that's scary!
Anyone caught the reference of the turtle (Lego turtle and when they saw the turtle in the lake)? That's pennywise greatest enemy according to Stephen King
Who else had red baloons tied to drains in their area?
Bill if u come with me you'll fuck too
wow the guy who is talking is so hot
To really be honest this movie sucked so bad 👎 that I just laughed while watching it then losers say this is better than the original Kill yourself for even thinking the classic it will always be the best because it was way more scary and the cast tim curry played the best It The new one is so Corny to me 😂😂😂😂
Penis wise is funny.
Nigga name penny was
0:11 AMAZING SHOT! wow!!
Обосраться
Time to float🎈
🎈
_You will float too_
IM GONA HAVE NIGHTMARES FOR WEEKS
Just watched it today and my favourite scene was easily the final fight
I think I'm cosplaying as Georgie for comicon. Should I do it?
islam appreciate contractor accident angry initiate click mainstream elementary fund.
This movie is not scary. For the love of Christ, can everyone please stop saying this movie is scary. Almost every scary scene in this shitty film is Pennywise running and screaming at the camera like an absolute fucking retard. The only, and I mean the only fucking redeeming quality about the film were the kids and even saying that is a stretch. I saw the film the first night of the release and there was a group of teenage girls sitting close to me who were laughing. Fucking laughing. Not being scared. Not going, oh know! But fucking laughing. So can everyone take a xanax and just chill the fuck out. If you were scared by this film you're either a moronic idiot or a 2 year old. Good day.
Sign the petition NOW - Don't wait. Your vote may make all the difference! #MortalKombat #Chrome #MK https://www.change.org/p/netherrealm-studios-only-you-can-bring-this-new-character-to-life-help-give-birth-to-the-saviour-of-hinpar
I'm happy they didn't  ask me to help play the role as a kid. Because I would beat the life out of the poor actor who played penny wise.
I gave the new version a chance and found it very very boring. almost all scenes with pennywise and the kid's fear visions were presented like riding a cheap ghost train and a plastic skeleton appears next to you: oh, so terryfing. this element is also shown in other details like that old house they enter, it is so fucking unoriginal and totally horror-cliché. \nif it was just a movie about friendship it actually has some potential. but the whole pennywise thing sucked. he has no personality, except for one or two moments when you can actually see more of his character than just jump scare crab but those moments hardly occur.
“Authentic reactions my ass don’t be talking to clowns under sewers”
Never seen the movie but,the first makes me realize how dumb the kids are
Wat a fucken let down this film sucked
Now you are just milking the views. Cmon.
Idk why is he called*Penny-Wise*
Of course both movies left out the gangbang in the sewer ugh\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nfucking normies :P
This wasn't really scary more of a thriller unless you're afraid of clowns .
tiM CuRry wAs BeTtEr
1:10  I swear the way he rises his head it's enough to give me the chills! But at the same time, aesthetically it looks so good!
Watch Vsauce 3 Video here – Do it now!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d9i_0Ty7Cg  : )
Yeah, gonna have to go ahead and support a veto on having people (whoever that guy is) in your videos. I understand collabs are a big thing, but people subscribed to watch you, not watch other youtubers.
We're in a simulation inside a large simulation
Sounds like something a simulation would want us to think...
DUDE AN NFL PLAYER WAS WEARING YOUR MERCH DURING AN INTERVIEW!
Well i have a theory. (Watch out cringy mini-scientist theory up coming. :u)):\n\n\nWhat if we are actually being tested by aliens or maybe some of us are tested by scientists or creatures. And maybe love it's actually a simulation and life it's just a game. We right now might be in a dream. And what if we are actually experiments. And what if the space it's just a hoax? And the ocean it's just an hologram? And all those past histories are actually made up? What if family it's just a little simulation of love? And what if actually everybody in this world is a bot and only someone isn't a bot. And what if the government it's just a big hoax and nothing is real everything it's just fake. It's like if you get to the end of the planet and break the curtains....Well this is just my thoughts.
Subscribed. Truly great channel, informative, factual and relative.
just trying to get view your a sham. wonder why you have 4.8 million views
What if everthing we see is all that exists until we look at something else?
Hhhh so a sim conspiracy vid in a sim? Soooooo are we being shown this to not believe in the sim conspiracy..... Or.... Are we being drip fed for the future, a potential escape from simulation? \n\nYaaaay..... A theory we cant and can debunk... Great...
What is this pale guy showing up in the video? I used to like your videos, keep it info-graphical...
Aliens at headquarters be like: Guys shut this one down they became too self aware
Don't see much of a difference between being a simulation or being one x number of conscious beings on a rock hurtling around on of a near infinite number of suns in one of infinite universes that exist in the central finite curve where our laws of physics apply.  In either one we are still worthless beings that only exist for a blink of an eye. Have fun with that existential crisis😈.
The windows sound at the end killed me
I don't really understand the appeal to this theory since, it is no different than any other theory of the Universe espoused in religious texts: It cannot be falsified. The only difference between this and religious theories is that the simulation theory uses concepts from modern times, but the end result is a theory that is just as absurd due to it not being falsifiable.
i'll take the red pill please
Who ever controlling me, please this charactee on fapping!
How can we know that we are not in a simulation just because we destroy ourselves and get destroyed by nature? If anything, nature could just be a algorithm that's designed to destroy us and it self.
makes you wonder why a simulation would be generated where the inhabitants spend all their time trying to figure out if they're in a simulation XD
i think therefore i am
Get the guy out of the video, he's distracting.
noooo whyd you put a human in this video and replace the amazing narrator. Vsauce and Jake are great.  ut felt offputting in a Kurzgesagt video.
No! No on the real person! No real people! Bird-thingies only!
Nein..  I am not in the stimulation i am just stupid to be stimulated.
About the computer power thing, why does the computer need to simulate stuff in real time? Why can't it take a few minutes to simulate one second of our existence? We wouldn't know any better.
What if I don't want to live in a simulation?
There's one way to get around the problem of the colossal computing power needed to fool consciousness' running in real time.\n\nPerhaps the the ACTUAL hardware for our consciousness, i.e., our *supposed real* bodies is actually WAY slower than the computer hardware.  What if OUR hardware was based on extremely slow chemical reactions rather than the firing of the synapses? Then our thought process time scale would be  *comparatively* (I personally think there are no ABSOLUTE concepts of big or small, unless measured in comparative sense) scaled down. Hard to imagine, but it's a solution.\n\nPerhaps the creators of the computer simulation also has control of passage of time and the computer producing the simulation is on accelerated forward passage of time. Though, I imagine, there would be problems with interfacing of objects running at different time speed.\n\nSo an human real time interface between the consciousness (supposedly human) and computer producing the simulation is another assumption.
i have no idea why but the guy at 0:30 is attractive...
WRONG!\nAll of this is just flat out wrong.\nHere's a few key points:-Why does a brain need to be simulated and not just the world it inhabits?\n-If brains are grown they keepers of the simulation could just grew new ones as needed, no need to simulate anyone.\n-Why would a simulation need to run the simulation in real time? Make it go 1/10 the speed and you increase the computer power by 10.\n-Why would a simulation need to create a reality with their own laws of science? It's absurd to speculate what is on the other side.\n-Super intelligence is not needed. Why would it? Just a lot of time and effort. Or an AI to cross the singularity.\n-You missed the point that this is an inevitability. We are absolutely going to do this ourselves within 100 to 200 years. We have people already chasing VR which only effects two senses, but I guarantee it won't stop there. The first people to live in simulation will be people imprisoned in their real bodies from disease and injury. They will live online and video games, and as the cost of living continues to climb and the quality of simulated life improves people without ailments will elect to do so. Why live in an over populated world full of polution, crime, poverty, and health risks when you can live in whatever reality you want for pennies a day?
i dont like that guy
Ok. How do we take these goggles of our heads then?
You don’t need to generate an environment, you just need to create a network that feeds electrons into a brain. Its less taxing for this super technology if you fools the brain. Think dreaming, not building a film set.
The calculation falls apart if fake, simulated consciousness is not the same thing as actual consciousness.  Whether something is real or a really good fake matters TO YOU if you are the thing being faked.  Suppose I am REALLY GOOD at pretending, and I pretend that I am happy when I am really miserable.  Does that mean I am ACTUALLY happy, or am I really still miserable?  From your perspective, if I am good enough at pretending it may not matter, but from MY perspective, it's totally different.\n\nThe video began by stating that we don't know what consciousness is, and there is simply no proof that simulated consciousness would have the same qualities as real consciousness to that consciousness.  Our brains are NOT computers, they are NOT programs, they are living matter which MUST interact with reality, or die.  There's no proof that a simulated brain would produce the quality we perceive as consciousness, even if an observer couldn't tell the difference.
The name of the video isn't a good one.\nReal is the word we used to describe *our* world. Not our dreams, not our computers, not the computers running this simulation.
Haha, to everybody freaking out that this world might not be real: people are fake already
What if nothing is made of atoms until we look there?
if we are then how come we haven't found a way out of the simulation.
I would say we do not exist in a simulation. Its pretty simple really with the case of extreme complexity of our world. Anything we open up or look closer into shows signs of additional physical layers. Look at many of the slow motion videos or microscopic things being recorded on video. You could say it might just need specialized occlusion culling but even still games today for example cannot render a full scene for the player and the rear view mirror and side mirrors. The reflection may be rendered live but it is simplified geometry or specific things are not shown in the reflection. On top of this each person would essentially be a super high def down to the molecule render port for the master PC to compute. Not likely.
Have you seen that Alejandro Villanueva, when responding to his involvement in the whole NFL-whether-or-not-to-kneel-during-the-national-anthem controversy, was wearing a Kurzgesagt shirt?
1950: I hope in the future there will be flying cars and the cure for cancer! 2017: Are we real?
The FPS made me hard
When my house burnt down there weren't any glitches.
This is some matrix shit right here
How do you feel about the football player wearing your shirt
The big missing paradox here is, all of the statements made in this video regarding the prevalence of alien life, computing power, size/age of the universe, even the underlying laws of physics dictating how possible ANY of this is, are based on what we have observed of our universe.  But if we are in a simulation...then none of that can even be trusted.  IF we are simulated, then the real universe may not look or work anything like the one we see.  Which means...we have no way of even beginning to guess how likely us being in a simulation is!
I have an idea: what if we are simulated. But something that's not realised is that, if we can create our own simulations, it would break the very computer operating our universe. As it has been proven that a computer cannot simulate another computer as or more powerful than itself. You can't simulate a gaming PC on your phone, or even another phone(with the exact same specs as your current phonr) on your own phone because it takes processing power to run both your operating system, and the simulations and the specs deticated to the simulation. so it is impossible, unless the computer your simulating is slower than the original. Then your good, but other than that? No. Just no.\n\nSo, there is a way to test if we are in a simulation. We build a quantum computer the size of New York City. Then, we boot it up and try to run our own simulations. If we are in a simulation, our reality would cease to exist and the original computer crashes from having an extreme overload. If we aren't in a simulation... The computer will work just fine and... Be running simulations... Meaning that our lives do have meaning and aren't some fabric of some digital world... That the microbes that we observe are still there when we aren't looking... That our bodies really are full of bubbly stuff, even if they aren't open... Meaning that the atoms inside a log are still their even though you can't see them... That nothing is empty, everything we see exist and will still exist... \n\n\nEssentially it's the opposite of an existential crisis... Which is worse, because instead of finding yourself pointless, you regret the bad things you did in the past... That one time you burned an ant out of curiosity.. that the ant wasn't fake, it was real... And that every bad thing you did, was real, and have real consequences... Effect real people... Effect a real world, real beings... Real life forms with their own, much more simple, conscience... That the rabbit that you put down because it was mean, wasn't fake.. it was real, and was just afraid.... Afraid that you might hurt it, in which you did....\n\n\n*jumps off building*
If a alien had that power it will take billions and billions of years. and because every planet dies. Let's say a planet could survive one  trillion years ps not true. It was taken billions and billions of years just to get to this point of technology and where not even close to that stuff. I'm just saying this is my opinion no need to get triggered ok. I think we're in real life
Oh, that explains why there is a cricket bugged in the wall of my bedroom
DID ANYONE ELSE NOTICE THAT THE NFL PLAYER ON THE NEWS TODAY WAS WEARING A KURZGESAGT MERCH SHIRT
What if we are just in another Microverse? **Burp**
Pointless question really. If we are simulated by advanced being how do we know they are not simulated as well? Where is the simulation layers end? Probably nowhere.
I think therefore I am, and therefore i am not fcking simulation. funny thing is when i mention this to my computer science professor, he said fanciful fantasy but he would rather have the literature and philosophy department ponder the idea because it is freaking unscientific
Yo an NFL player has one of your shirts his name is alejandaro and he played for the stealers
Can I please enter a better simulation where Israel and Zionist Jews don't control the United States congress and foreign policy.
So everyone here thinks that's ridiculous believing in God but cool and realistic to believe in these bunch of fairy tales?????
What if Humans are so far into the future that they created computers that are able to simulate all of us and be able for us to communicate with each other. Or maybe Aliens simulated us. Who cares. Just gotta keep LIVIN man.
With all the assumptions needed for this to work, it seems fairly unlikely. However, I think it reasonable to believe that there is some chance it could be true. I think it is very low chance, but probably no zero.
Idk why but these seems like a kind of uninteresting question to me. Its a question with an unknowable answer, where knowing the answer doesn't actually mean or change anything. So why bother worrying/wondering about something you can never know and won't affect you?
Hey, why not do a video on the different ways we could travel across the universe? like, other theories that could substitute light travel?
Here the creators assume that base reality is similar to the universe, as we know it, with the same physical laws. Base reality might have very different rules (physical laws if you will) making things possible, which are considered hard or impossible in our universe. One example would be computing power, it might not be so hard to create these simulations if the rules in base reality allow for it. Just some thinking :)
is this the same man who voiced the narrator in the stanley parable game or is it just me that thinks that
Could you simulate a 1080TI in my desktop please?
Isn't this all based on the Holographic principal by Leonard Susskind? Nice video by the way.
If we were living in a simulation then the machine simulating us would've crashed years ago because we have gotten so stupid.\n\n\nDon't believe everything you hear on the internet -Abraham Lincoln.
what if i told you , this world is actually a matrix
In a real simulation weed would always get you stoned, and The Matrix 2 and 3 would be worth watching,\nso simulate me now mofo!
Everything about this channel is amazing
C A N I T G E T S M O O T H E R ?
Worth saying that the simulation has no need to be powered to run, just procedually. If the power is unplugged, the simulation of all the damn seconds is there, on all multiverse with different rules, like a library of babel for life.
Eventually life ends on Earth because of a server crash
Im just going to say this. The greatest enemy of Knowledge is not ignorance. It is the illusion of having knowledge. \n\nThis was so much of bullshit. \nIve had so much respect for all the science videos before. This one im speechless.
Nice alien booty at 6:41
0:15 earth is flat confirmed
Re creators
Kurzgesagt isn't real?  :(
This just fucked my head
Nothing is everything
simulations for more snu snu
Where's Morpheus?
overpopulation = accidental ddos
Alejandro Villanueva watches you!!!
Don't panic
MATRIX BITCH
You are ruining your video style by adding that annoying dude!!!
What if the graphics in our simulation suck ass compared to actual real life
remove the dude, just keep it animated
I'll going to burn my home.
Please don't put people in your beautiful videos Kurzgesagt! Especially people that pause before some words....to emphasize a point.
So disappointed in this video. What an example of collaboration driving the product down. Please keep to creating independent work.
1:34 but what if you're not sitting?
What would the problem be if we where simulated\nlike if you think about it if you believe god it's a simulation created by him
My head hurts
Oh girl, I missed those existential crises
Rick is just playing Roy, we're not special
This idiot should have paid a good amount of money to Kurzgesagt. Otherwise nobody would ruin that video with his disturbing presence... What a loser!
You had me until assumption 5. This is a clear misapplication of statistics. You can't apply the principle of mediocrity to my existence without having some reason to believe my existence is the result of some randomizing process. If there was a machine that put souls into newborn babies that did so randomly whether they were simulated or not, then yes, any given soul would be more likely simulated than not. But I don't believe in souls.\n\nTo find out if our universe is simulated we need to make predictions about how the universe should behave if simulated and test those predictions by experiment. That's the only way to know.
this dude is not cool. he is, in my opinion, nothing but a shame for this format. I really dont appreciate his guest act nor the ideas behind it. \n\ni intend that you should really strip to your previous pattern. \n\nbesides this episode your format is one of the best!
I actually cut myself open and I was hollow guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What would happen if the simulation crashed or computer shut down? This is where we run into problems
That's scary to think about!!\n0.0
Was incredible fun having you visit my friend! Outstanding video!! 😀🎉
You should learn to run on all fours
whats with all the porn replies????
Build card houses. Its the most infuriating thing, i want to see how you keep your cool.
Love you Mike..!! You and your channel is just awesome...<3\nHere's a new challenge for you...train and make a parrot speak!
Learn to kazatsky kick or whatever it's called
Get on finishing the Backflip!!!!!! We believe in you, but also hurry it up😄!
Learn how to become a genji main
Learn to drink a bottle of water in 1 second boss.
the witchers silver sword out of FOLDED 5160
Should learn how to do hackey sack with our dropping it for +3 min. Should be that hard because you already know keepie ups.
You should learn how to drink a bottle of water in one second
Learn how to barspin on a BMX
LEARN TO BREAK A WINE GLASS WITH YOUR VOICE PLEASE!!!!
CHALLENGE- Make a perfect circle on a dry-erase board.
Now let's see you do a short animated film. Inspire me because i'm a lazy piece of shit animator who needs motivation....
YOOOOOOOO!!! You should learn how to write with your non dominant hand!!!!!
Do a TWIL for throwing a football then catching it again 40 yards away
Learn to do drill exhibition, where you spin drill rifles, trick to learn- single handed spin( L or R), wrist breaker. Good luck.
You should learn how to drift a car
Learn to us a butterflyknife
This week learn to solve the 5*5 Rubik's cube 3*3 and 4*4 are too easy
you should learn how to throw knifes for a vid
Learn to get challenger on league
LEARN TO SEW SO YOU CAN MAKE A KILT!!!
That was a beautifully composed picture on the wall behind your couch.
Earn how to chug a bottle in a second Ik the trend is over but idk
Do a This Week I learned Balisong flipping
Learn to write well with your right hand! (He’s left handed)
You should learn to play the bagpipes. Start with a chanter and work your way up. I'm very curious to see how long it would take you.
Learn to write with your opposite hand (I don't want to assume what hand you use for writing)
Learn to solve a Rubik's cube... blindfolded.\n(It's not as impossible as you might think)
learn to talk like donald duck☺
You should learn to write with tour opposite hand!
Try and learn how to do the splits!!!
Would it be alright if i did this on my Channel Mike?
why didn't you make a sheeth
Learn to write with your other hand
Bet you can't learn how to hit a 90 mph fastball, can you?
i would love to see you learn to contact juggle
Leaem How to do fly fishing. Catch a fish on nymph, streamer fly and dry flie
You should try and learn how to handstand
learn roller blades i guarantee its not easy
The music, the editing, the spirit is great! Love it!
Iearn How to control and race a Racing drone
Amazing work man! I'm new to your channel but I can't stop watching! Great job on the dagger.
Learn how to do 5 different pen spinning tricks and use them all in a combo
I challenge you to do cossac dance (kazotsky kick)
learn to shoot a gun and hit bull's eye 3-5 times in a row.
Love tha vids, try to learn a language as fast as possible, something like Spanish??
Learn to throw knives possibly with adam celadin
ya know... he's listening to music all time. How about he learns to not only play a peice of music, but makes his own music
I had an incredible urge to cry when Mike said he was going to treasure his new sgian dubh.. great stuff!
Learn to write with your left hand
try learning how to shuffle
Could you try to learn the whole Greek alphabet?
Get back on learning how to backflip pls
I Challenge you to learn how to do an A1 yo-yo trick called Kwijibo, it’s one of my favourite tricks, look it up :D
do learn how to play the drums
New challange: learn to ride a bike with no hands for 50meters\n(if you don't already have this skill)
Great work.  Now you need to learn leatherwork to make a sheath for it.
Learn how to roll a coin over your knuckles like in the film Pirates Of The Caribbean!!!!
The first video I watched on your channel was how you learnt how to do a muscle up. It came up in my recommendations and I honestly thought you were some cocky body builder showing off on the Internet.. but as I kept watching, you inspired me, motivated me. I’ve been wanting to do a muscle up for months and months, and now knowing that a random person can do it in only a month or 2 has really been amazing and I’ve already started planning. I wish I could be as motivated as you are with learning how to juggle, throw a card, stack dice but I never have the patience nor time to do them things. So instead of making a ‘I learn how to...’ video, can you make a video about what makes you achieve what you achieve. \nP.S I am one of those people that think your videos are ‘not crap’ keep up the good vids and good luck with your future👍
You aint never worked for a living have ya
learn how to throw daggers U made
would be really cool if you tried out balisong man, for the challenge part I'd say learn behind the 8 ball into aerial tricks :P
Learn how to walk on your hands\nMilestone 20m\nLearn to hold the handstand\nMilestone 30s\nLearn how to jump while your in the handstand \nMilestone 10 jumps
learn to quick type use a website and set a goal for how fast u can type:)
Dude, Alec is sick!
Learn to Balisong!
Idea for your next challenge: Handstand walking upstairs, ps: lov your vids and enthusiasm
Git gud at dark souls || learn quick
learn to juggle reverse cascade style
Alec Steele, Blacksmith. Born talent?
Learn quantum physics!
Boxing speed ball
Skyrim master
Mike learn ventriloquising plz :p
Do a vid where how learn to run faster or get more stamina because I me as some like if you agree
lear all the lyrics of rap god from eminen and sing it just like him
Do how to make a shoe
You should try learning pen spinning tricks
Learn to type fast
You should learn how to watch the entire twilight movie without cringing
Learn to clap fast
Finish Dark Souls
Hey mike I challenge you to learn Spanish and say soy Miguel el que aprende
I meant walk
5:33 ha gayyyy 😂😂😂
Learn to play trombone
Do the cr7 challenge
Learn pen spinning and tricks!
Learn how to windmill (breakdance)
Learn butterfly knife tricks😊
Learn to speak backwards :D
Well done, Mike!
Learn pen spinning
Learn dancing
Cardistry next!:)
Re visit the backflip
Someone finally released a new GOOD song
This is so pure I love it
Only working so hard to get off the street casue there is a fucking huge fucking money trail from me and I want holy Justice on those for killing my chances to raise kids and let my mother know her polio and wasn't just crap for people to feel better and exchange money in the name of goodness and Christ....which has to be B's.........I'm not with out blame......shot callers shot dead
I am madly in love with this set and clothes lol
Love it... you both look adorable in the video too ...grins :)
WHO ELSE JUMPED WHEN THEY SAW THE TINY CRAB IN HIS HAND COZ THEYRE SCARED OF LIL CRITTERS??? Anyway omg good stuff I love these two and they couldn't have made an even more meaningful/touching song together!
I know he's married but goshdarnit. I ship them.\n\nAlso this song just cleansed my soul. Kesha's voice along with lyrics are making me cry. Macklemore's rap is, as always, relevant and pure and sensitive and I trust the man.
made me cry I can't wait to see him live
Why do I feel like crying
Beautiful and inspiring and touching. Normal people enjoying time together... no models, no expensive cars, no stupid lyrics and meaningless messages. Loved it !
Go To Google And Type: *gamesecrxguide instagram* It is without a doubt the purely working insta h@ck tool working these days. Don't waste your precious time in some other tools
This made me cry ❤
Finally a good song not about sex
Such a beautiful song and video
Not a huge Macklemore fan per se, but this is really cool
Andy Bernard inspired this song
This track and album are 🔥🔥🔥 just love it all.
This has been on REPEAT all day! 😍
to know the self is to forget the self. No organism on this planet has to prove its right to live, none are forced by nature to 'be' anything. Who, lying on their death bed would worry over their 30-year-old body, or their 50-year-old hair? You regret that you did not try things, that you were no loving elnough. Be a wonderer, a lover of life. Be kind to others. Help those you can. The pounds of fat, the unwanted proportions, the make-up, the clothes are nothing compared to the richness of life and its potential for connections, cooperation, and staggering wonder.
New music is the best music! check out some new stuff! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25_EG5-9EkE
Why do i see noah cyrus
Words can't describe the beauty of this song man. So much nostalgia behind it. The video amplifies it. Such a wonderful song. Macklemores a good dude
Just wow! I honestly never knew Kesha could sing like this and this duo together =AMAZING!! Hope they make more music together perfect vocals
Does this song remind anybody else of what Andy Bernard said in the series finale of The Office?
Macklemore is such a good rapper.
This album is incredible. These songs have some real shit in them but have good vibes. Love it.
One of the BEST songs that’s come out all year. And no I’m not crying.\n\n\n\n\nYeah I’m bawling
woah i didn't expect this Kesha's really coming around
Ke$ha looks beautiful in all that Native American jewelry. 😊👌 Amazing song these two artist have made.
This makes me so happy I actually want to cry. It's such a beautiful song sung by two beautiful people.
Im just waiting for you to come back to Missoula Montana to make these good days awesome days! Just missed your last concert here, but now that I am 19 it would be a bit easier to pay for and go to.
I use to think Ke$ha couldn't sing at all because of the type of music she used to make
Glitter Queen 👸 is back to her beautiful self! Thumbs up if you Love kesha! 💕💁
LOVE LOVE LOVE the lyrics<3\nDefinitely reminds me of the good old days. ..........
I've never been so in love with a song! I listen to this every morning before I go to school
A really good song amazing!!!!!
I love all your music, really one day i will go to hear you amazing music in concert <3
Can i ask question? Why this not no 1 billboard!
You should do another song with her as this is amazing
Welcome stand handle roll jacket long faculty civic upon.
Omg been waiting for this collab for so long
I always expected him to just have the one good album,but he really continues to prove me wrong. I love almost all his songs off everyone of his albums.
My brother leave to the navy today. This song spoke to me. Thank you .
Comeback is so amazing .keep it goin idol .
IT'S SO GOOD!!!!!!!!
I love both of you!Very beautiful song and video!
Yeah, i'll cook those noodles and yeaah.. i'm in .
you both are amazing great music.
HAPPY PRIDE, LOVE NEEDS NO CURE, PSYCHIATRIST STILL COVERTLY TREATS LGBTQ PEOPLE LIKE THEY ARE SICK, DON'T FALL FOR THEIR LIES AND PSYCH MEDS THAT KEEP YOU FROM GETTING HARD. Gay Pride was born out of a need to celebrate our right to exist without persecution.\n \nHISTORY of how Christians and doctors made gay a mental illness then and now. Until the nineteenth century, same-sex sexual activity unnatural acts, were crimes against nature, called sodomy, or buggery. Sodomy, derived from the biblical tale of Sodom (Genesis 19:1-8). In Europe and America Christians condemn homosexual because of Bible Old Testament law that assigned the death penalty for a man who lies with a male as with a woman. It was against the law. In 1857 Doctor Tardieu said that homosexuals have a form of insanity. German physician Karl Westphal in 1869 published an article saying homosexuality should come under psychiatric care rather than legal prosecution.\n \nPsychiatrist made homosexuality a mental illness. Psychiatrist say they do not treat homosexuality as a mental disorder today but they do. Psychiatrist say they do not treat gays as homosexuals and they make up different names of things that really mean they are treating them as being mentally ill for being gay or LGBTQ. Being gay is still against the law in many places and law enforcement still arrest and convict gay people for being gay. Most people in America are Christians and a large number of them are still anti-gay Christians who are also psychiatrist and psychotherapist who still think LGBTQ people are mentally ill and treat them that way. Psychiatrist give psychotropic drugs to LGBTQ people to make them straight and kill their sex urges. Don’t be fooled LGBTQ people they are trying to trick you and harm you. Don’t trust them, doctors lie and make money off of your suffering. LOVE NEEDS NO CURE
it's perfectly edited and filmed!!! <3 <3 <3 \nto this very day my dream is to be in the entertainment business to make music videos!
So much talent. This video was great! Macklemore, I'm so excited to see you in October in Tempe, AZ. Purchased my concert tickets first day they were on sale. I'll be 7 months pregnant with my 3rd baby but I wouldn't have missed your performance for anything! My little girl is gonna come out spitting Macklemore lines lol.
This song is like a lullaby ♥️♥️
am I the only one who ships them?
Both of you are amazing! I love both of you. 💞
Andy Bernard from The Office: I wish there was a way to know you were in the good old days before you actually left them. Someone should write a song about that. He was living in 2017 while everyone else was living in 2013 xD https://thumbs.gfycat.com/CelebratedIdenticalEnglishsetter-size_restricted.gif
I love this so much....yay
Ugh why do all of your songs make me want to cry? 😔
I love it as much as I thought I would ..😭❤️
Timber vs good old days \nBoth are amazing ✨🔥
How to make the quality song;
Whats your question? huh?\nOh, of course i liked the video b4 watching!
Follow me on the gram, I follow back. @king_k_19xx
If you respect the aux laws then you will check out this new South African summer smash. This record will be #1 on local radio by November, what you think? https://youtu.be/Dkv-hz0IANk
Lovely! Was this filmed at Penrose Point State Park? It looks very familiar!
When in the music business, as in real life, there is no such thing as good old days. Like a rollercoaster there are ups and there are downs in life and it never ends, so here's to the good new days ahead, and no, we no longer use an outhouse either. LOL
Like if you think Kesha and Macklemore look really beautiful together as couple <3
what an amazing collab,keep up the good work !!!!!
Stick it in her ass Macklemore
The only rapper that make sense with good music and lyric. Thanks for saving the American music industry!
https://m.youtube.com/channel/UC02LwaoDTH6y4V5WMU1g43g
I ship it.
Simply beautiful
Kesha looks like misty day off of AHS 😍
My dad has an vanagon
Love this song, ❤
te amo Kesha you too Macklemore, looking cute people!
So good!
PLEASE, AVICII REMIX <3 <3 <3
I ship it
Sooooo goood!!!!! 🙏🙌🙌
I just Love Kesha
yung kool
hmmm. this wasnt terrible.
Brings back memories...🌲🍂⛅️
SHIPPEI!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Macklemore NEVER disappoints
This sounds amazing
Want maklemore clothes
MACKLEMORE + KE$HA = 💥
we love Kesha 😍
my favorite song!!!!!!
Omg I ship them!!
So did Macklemore smash or what?? 🍆
Macklemore look like Boguslaw linda :D
i ship them
Why is Kesha still alive?
Do you want to be rich within 48 Hours. Make 20,000USD everyday from our Blank ATM card. This is an opportunity  for you to become rich make free money from Blank Atm card. For more details do send us a text so that you can have details about this. \nContact us on Our Email:  Unlimitedatmcard@Gmail.com Phone Number +19712766670 We sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out from ATM. They works all over the world. \nOur You-tube Page is : https://youtu.be/Xkel8mTCrYI\nOur Website:  http://unlimitedatmcard.webs.com
small club in MINNESOTA
fuck I hate so much of this world today.. it's retarded faggots like macklemore and his music
Carrasco = Zayn Malik
The manager Simeone is underrated
This club really deserves the Champions League title.\nUnlucky team.\n\nFrom a Barca fan.
If costa is coming im concered about vietto and correa's future,1 of them might have to leave
Griezmann > Ibrahimovic
That's such a nice stadium congrats atleti 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
RIP Sergio Rico What a goal By Carrasco😱😱😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🔥
Griezmann best striker
I can feel the tears of Fake Madrid Butthurt fans all over this page, who actually enjoy their 8th place with their 2017 paid up CL.\n\nJAJAJAJAJAJA
FIFA 18: Carrasco 88 pace and he just outpaces N'zonzi
Carasco* is a baller. His improving every year n soon will be a top player
GRIZI WILL BECAME ONE DAY THE BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLLD HE DESERVES
Athletico to win laliga this year
Carassco is handsome
Greizmann will surely come to Manchester United next season. Our No 7
That new stadium looks fantastic.
Carole is best lb in world
Griezmann is so happy at Athletico
Greizman fits in barcelona style of playing....he should move to barca
Don't disappear against Real this time
well griezman is better than benzama thats for sure.... but he is far from neymar level...
Why is everyone acting like Atlético is some underdog underrated team lol
what is wrong with N'Zonzi
I think Griezmann's hair is giving him his good form lol
Hi guys I upload gaming videos plz subscribe me I need big support.\n\nhttps://m.youtube.com/channel/UCxL5K8-k9EYP6z47OwEf09g
70% of the people here are Barca fans😂
This channel always has great videos and excellent quality...keep up the good work.
Great team but faith not good
It's so sunny
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
GET YOUR CREDIT IN SAFETY So you who are bank banned, you who need funding for your personal worries, no more worries Just take in contact with Mrs. christelle.legrande Are Enamel is: christelle.legrande346@gmail.com
My Babies   fight  always  like this
Filipe Luis joga D+ no Atletico de Madrid. É Ídolo por la
we are so good
OMFG Griezman advertise VILLEDA!
ATLETICO RLZZZ\n\n█▬█ █ ▀█▀ LIKE
Griezmann is overrated af.....Dybala > Griezmann
Battle for 3rd place
ATLETICO is underrated
Griezmann look alike diego forlan
Grizz the man
CarrrrrrRRRRrrrasco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5dfXxfelvY&t=19s
Wow Maluma scored a great goal!
Griezmann = 2 benzema
Atletico to win la liga?
Carrasco underrated
Griezmanne
Griezmann
The ref is underrated
Goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal GOOOOOAAALLLL
amazing chanel
finishing above real
Atleti ole
Police kills teen ager caugth on camera https://youtu.be/TFwFQO6P5nc
Grizi
gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gooooooooooooooooooooooooool
Good
AUPA ALETI
Griezman is Worldclass!
griezmann😍
gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol
Atletico Madrid 2:0 Sevilla  Highlights\n http://www.footballhd.cf/2017/09/23/atletico-madrid-2-0-sevilla-goals-highlights
Greizmann to untied soz guys
Visit my chanal
Top class players
17th game unbeaten
Griezmann <3
Новый канал Щок https://youtu.be/5w0VLIIDshc
Aupa Atleti 😍😍
Simeone = Yuri boyka
goooooolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgolgol
Atletico i love
Carascooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaal
Me atleti fan força atleti💪💪
Ay blee
Que lindas alegrias nos da este equipo :) aúpa Atleti!
THE THUMBNAIL THO\nGRIZMANN'S FACE LOL
Ste atlético en defensa ...sigue siendo una telaraña increíble...
Un gran Gol de Carrasco...pero muy buena celebración con los fans...así se celebra.
Me huele a que el atleti gana la liga este año
Griezmann looking like a monkey in the thumbnail
4:20 didn't realize I was watching a real football match... thought i was watching someone play fifa lmao
We could 2 champions league. But real is too lucky.\nHope this season we will win this that we deserve.
If griezmann join to bigger club i think he not will be underrated :( World class griezmann!
gooD performance by griezzman
Atletico copied our goal scoring chant
Whether it is Real Madrid or Athletico Madrid both r dominators 💪☠✌👉
Welcome to Manchester United Griezmann 👆
So fucking annoying how may time the commentators says Goal goal goal 😡😡🤢🤢😪😪😪😪😪😪😪
First goal so stupid. The defender is slightly faster, and he can't even clear it
Who atm the win of champion
pretty entertaining game, I just hope atleti can continue to be consistent I have a feeling something good will happen this season :)
where is Torres......😖😖😖...I think simeone doest like him
Everybody in ATM is underrated!!!
Ready for Chelsea. ;-)
El Real Madrid es su papá, su mero domador.
Real Madrid is full of ISIS supporters....even Zidane support ISIS.
Griezmann  welcome to manchester united in 2018/2019
WELCOME TO MANCHESTER UNITED ANTOINE GRIEZMANN!
Louise didn't ask you, she asked me AN ICONIC QUEEN
Fuck that was a boring challenge. Not surprising judging by who it came from though. (Louise glitter etc)
Please don't call your child Poe.
From Dunya to Dexter real quick 😂
Dina has such AMAZING TEETH IN THIS VID who agrees
Zeena Tokio
Your teeth look sooo good 👀👀
kids are going to bully your child if you call him her pou. poo
Why the fuck are you shouting you moron
A boy in my classroom is called Benjamin and my friend is called Donia
I love names that starts with the letter M like my name MARIAM my husband's Also starts with M so Inshallah my kids' names will also start with M . please guys  tell me your favorite M names ❤️\nBy the way I love Maria and Malak for girls :)
I like the name Noah. My nephews called Noah💖💖💖 and I also have a baby cousin she's called Eliza the girl version of Elijah hence another cousin of mines called Dawud
Arya is a Sanskrit Indian name , great name
From a professional real life Kinza (there aren't many of us) - thanks for the compliment 👍🏽😬
The lead singer of Coldplay, Chris Martin, named his daughter Apple :)
Hello Dina! What type of hijab fabric do you use? \nXox❤️
There was a japenese girl in my primary school called apple. She got bullied.
Ur teeth look different hmm... u look gorgeous with less make up and grey hair!
You two are so hilarious love it gonna subscribe to you!!
My sister's name means September in Turkish😂😂😂
I’ll let you know if I ever get pregnant again 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Im only 3 minutes in and she's already said mine, my sister's and both of my brother's names
My nieces r big fan of yours they just love u so much
How about muhammed.... you know after the famous rapist.
This was really interesting
It really was Muhammad before the sects though. Then it became Mohammed, which kind of reflects the skew of history that represented. Meaning muslim history isn´t too authentic and warriorlord are much to blame. For instance the ottoman empire, may be central in that Uthman has a special role in hadith. Reject negative values and accept good values,of history, as would be a modern version of the muslim saying.
Yes yes Sina you guys made it on trending x
But dina, isn't Hana your fav girl name? Btw what does Hana mean? <3
Is this serious... fucking wow the human is indeed fucked
My daughter is a bit older than Hannah and we called her Yara! I'm due in 4 days with baby boy but I'm having such a hard time deciding on a name !!!!!!! Thanks Dina it helped a lot ! I love the name Noah but here it's crazy how many Noah's there are... I want something simple with Islamic roots, but still slightly western sounding... it's soooo hard ! Any suggestions?! ❤️
Guess who's on trending again 🙌🏻😂
Penelope... you can call baby penelope,  as in antelope.  I had a friend called Gemma and we used to call her gemelope rhyming with antelope for Fun!
Don't do Kanza! Kinza is much better cause kanza sounds like shirt in arabic lol. You dont wanna do that to her
Nooooooooo to Red!  Blue is cool.
I almost broke a nail I clicked on this sooo fast!!! I was so sure she was going to drop a baby bombshell on us!!
omg RIP i know i shouldn't be personally offended u don't like the name iris but.... here i am LOL
My daughters name (if I ever have one) will have to end with an 'a'. It's like a RULE.
Hey guys, today i uploaded a video of my school morning routine! Xx please go watch it on my channel x
My 2 girls are Hana and Ayah 👌🏼 my boys are Zakaria and Hussein xx
olive is a cute food name
Teletubbies are international!! haha \nBut I really do love the name Poe.
Think they are expecting...\n\nPenelope is more of an american name! \nLove the name, Noor, Elijah, Noah, Adam\n\n(She didn't look like a kenza in the end) lol
2 siblings that went to my old high school were called red and blue! 😂
Adam and Noah are the names of my twins! 😍
Poe is sick, man, you just have to move abroad 😂😂
I legit just watched a 5 minute ad which I could have skipped but chose to watch it for Dina😂👌🏽
It's hilarious how you show your ears for earrings
i thought you were going to say you're pregnant or something
My son is called Bailey after the drink hehe x
*Dina is trying to tell us something...suspicious👀*
Po means bum in German 😅🙃
My favorite male name, which I wanna name my child, is Tobias
Sid u literally scared me at 7.33 😂😂
Red is not sick, it's ordinary, obviously ginger-haired.
My sons name is Noah 😂😂
My eldest is called noor 2nd 1 laila then son soliman
Benjamin was my grandfather's name.
Daoud = David \nbtw is my sons name love this name :-)
Has she dyed her hair Gray? 🙄
Now that Kylie is pregnant, there's going to be a pregnancy trend   😊
Is it just me I find male name's more beautiful than girl's names I have so many boy names in mind if I have one .. but I can't think of one single girl name that I would like lol 😁
Gweneth Paltrow daughter name is Apple
A cute food inspired name could be Ginger
At least one of the two videos are trending
White ass names!!
Lala, POEEE
Yara greyjoy .... U know if u know
my mum worked on teletubbies and i hugged pou !!!
#12 on trending girl!!!
Gweneth paltrows girl is called Apple
Dawood is David yeah
4:59- Yara Shahidi!
I love dina
Love this 😂😂
Shes kinda buff
adams my fave boy name
yasss name your next girl inshallah Ayyah lol
omg...abrahim ali n abu bakar r my fav
Ali\nSami\nNuh\nHud\nAdam\nRumi\n\nArwa\nHani\nAna
12 trending
Read my name😉😆😉
#12 on trending dina! Yaaaaaay 💜
AW MY NAME IS YARA
Dina please make some makeup videos
Penelope îs soooo colon in Latin countries
so funny
My fiance's siblings are all with the letters M \nMotaz\nMoumen\nMountasir\nMoutasem\nMarwa\nMouayad\nMouhannad
lol kabab khan this was so funny
OMG Noah is my favourite name EVER <3
Lol elijah is my fav boys name
kebab LOL
Omnitron 5000\nNicknamed: Omae wa mo shinderu
Call it pudiavana
My baby's name is Aya and she s also two. I remember watching ur video's and we were preggie togheter.😀 also i named my first born Adam..unfortunaly i lost him. Ibrahim is also one of my faves💗
Just saying to help you out, Dunya in Urdu means heaven which I'm sure Sid would know. D'aud is in fact David so you're right 😂❤️. And Du'a I'm sure you know what that is 😂 Also, Pou is seriously a sick name! You guys are good at picking names. Pou is the guy in Kung Fo Panda 1,2,3 , and I loveeeee King Fo Panda!!! Love you!  xx
Some actress names her daughter Apple, so don't worry Dina, there's Nothing wrong about this name 😂❤️
Cant possibly think why this channel is trending once again... Not politically motivated at all.....
Are you going to vlog your next terrorist attack?
Terrorist
call it Osama Bin Laden
Can we just let her talk?! 😂😂 😂
If Scott would truly get his life together..and be a Man, and if he stopped messing around with 19 year olds maybe he and Kourtney would have a Chance 🤔
Scott is funny as hell..
She just broke up with him to date famous guys
Why do I feel like Scott was lookin at khloe the whole time 🤣🤣🤣the kardashians tho I can't
He treated her so badly but he realized what he did later on in life that's how it mostly goes. Men don't mature until they're aged.
but the way kourt be looking at scott at 0:22 though... so cute. there's love there
I SO LOVED this couple TOGETHER! They BELONG together! OPEN YOUR EYES!!
the only people they each will ever love is each other and i feel sorry for anyone who comes after in each of their lives because theyre merely there to fill a hole but these two will eventually be together again ; you can see theyre both still so in love with one another
Scott has the most amazing eyes!
Scott just needs to lay off the cocaine.
it's so true though, once you've been in a toxic relationship for a while you almost fall in love with the drama because it becomes the most overwhelming thing in the relationship and it's really hard for both people to go back to normalcy after that.
Who managed to spot lily and joslyn in the audience too cuz same 😂
i so love kourtney since the beginning
Okay so they look so hot right now
Now they're dating younger people lol
They have superb chemistry, but they need to let the past be the past.
About time someone put Kim in her place
I looooooove dt scott put kim anytin 4 attention'' kardashian west in her place... The relationship is not healthy but u guys still got chemistry pls comebk togeda plssss
Gotta love Scott 😂🤣😂
Kuortney looks beyond stunning in this
This 2 are still in love you can tell 💓
She still loves him you can tell
1:27-1:32 Girls on their period be like
typical....men always want u when its too late
Watch the video now  https://youtu.be/hMDvsPAp-Y0
Kim:  I Feeeeeel...like...  she has to say the door is closed.. just to...........MAKE!  THE!  POINT!  \n\nSCOTT: CAN WE JUST LET HER TALK ! \n\nbest part of this.
Kourtney and Sophia will end up knocked up at the same time.
Kourtney and scott are a cute couple.
they will get back together trust me they are just waiting to sign a millionaire contract to shoot life of kourtney and scott ...
i mess wit scott heavy, hes a thorough white boy
Am I the only one who appreciated Scott's interrupting Kim to tell her to let Kourtney speak for herself. I thought that was awesome! The fact that someone had to tell Kim that baffles me.
Scott's too nice, leave her and find someone who will love you entirely
Kortney wins the meddle for never being triggered. She remains so calm lol
Scott is hilarious!😂I'm glad he stood up for Kourtney in telling Kim to let her talk.
Actually cute how Scott stepped in and was like  can we just let her talk for a minute can def tell he still loves her. That was really cute and you can see she appreciated it
they should get back together for real!!  😢
that dress was so gross. ew
scott looks healthy and I'm happy for him
No one is going to address her .... breasts?
Scott and Kourtney look real good here 🔥
People this was filmed months ago they are co parenting and are both seeing other people ...........
They both are so sexy , and have adorable children , too bad they can't get their s--- together to make it happen . Growing up is hard to do , making babies is the easy part ...
I love them together.💔
Scott is dating Lionel Richie's teenage daughter
Kim does not like scott therefore you won't be playing your games with her sisters . There you go for all the stupid people who can't read between lines
quem é scott disick?  um mauricinho babaca que se aproveitou da fama da kourtney.
I hate all their voices
God I think Scott is so hot!!!
scott is so hot .But she seems like a nag
Scott shut Kim up with the quickness 👏👏👏
The way he shut kim up was amazing!!
That hoe gonna come back when she want to have another baby. Y'all know he aint nothing but a walking sperm bank to her anyways
Where can we watch the full interview?
Scott so cute as he ages
I think that they have such a genuine love and connection with each other but, Scott has probably hurt Kourtney way too many times that although she wishes he'd change..she knows it's never going to happen. I honestly haven't seen anyone make Kourtney laugh and smile, and bring out a different side to her like Scott can. They are so different but there's so much love there. I believe that Scott has no real direction and his energy is misguided. He's a grown man and still hasn't matured yet! I don't believe he's found the therapy he's honestly needed. He needs someone like Tony Robbins to coach him honestly and I can see Scott transforming. Once he's found who he is and learns to become whole within himself, and learns how to be in a monogamous relationship, who knows what could happen. I loved them when they were together though.
Lmao It is true what he says. He treats her nice and she gets bored and it happens so women like the bad guys i have done that and i get dumped when i am too nice
Scott shut Kim all the way down 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
Scott is cute to look at, but when he opens his mouth- its like STFU.
FAKE tit family. They all have FAKE boobs, lips, and butts
When They called out Scott Kourtney moved because she wasn't right there
Now Scott found a new girl to date
Kour is classy!!! She's the best Kar
I love how real Scott keeps it 😂 definitely my all time favorite person on the show
I use to hate Scott Lol. But I think they r so cute together
Wow. He's not lying. That's how men get us sometimes. I'm happy she's moved on.
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Thank you Scott for shutting KIM the transvestite up !
Scott is sick of Kim I'm sure
As much as I dislike these folks, I think this one is the most normal of the bunch. She looks natural and normal and a bit like me. And it's true that women are attracted to broken guys. Especially women like her who grew up seeing nothing but dysfunction.
Man this is so awkward do I need to watch it 😂😂😂
Scott is telling the true and she hate that shit😒we all know she fell in love the fucked up Scott not the Good Scott👎
Scott: I try to fcuk once a week. \nLmao I believe him too 😂😂😂
He is now with sofia richie, ew
SCOTT IS SUCH A DOUCHEBAG
Scott Disick is the best
look at dos cheeks to rub the meat on ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Scott Disick is a wanker. Why are they laughing and patting him in the back for his bad behaviour ?  He abandoned his kids & kourt a hundred times to get drunk and sleep around. Now he is sleeping with Sofia Ritchie who he watched grow up as kylies friend. Its disgusting.
Kourtney is codependant
Kourtney and Scott forever!
Scott looks high AF
Aww scott
Kourntney &Scott  they are so cute together  😍
#GottaLoveScott
shout out for scott shutting down kim hahahaa
Crackhead
Lol what happened  to Kris Jenner 0:02-0:08 😆
Seriously?
Only clicked for her boobs
Scott looks happier
Hahahaha scottttt
GRADEAUNDERA *loves* this lot..\nThe Kardashians..\nLol... https://youtu.be/_qu3F3cZjC4
Kourtney is so pretty
Get back together!!!!!!!
Awkward
Shes so hot
Lord Disick
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=112849
Scott shut kim down boi
Lool
Karma is a fast
why blur the criminal's face?
00:50 vandal: maybe i should'nt have done that!
WTF was the point of braking that window? He didn't even steal anything.
this video made my day 1000x better, thank you.
Yeeeessss hellll yes
0:48 it was at this moment that he knew.......he fucked up XDDD
he's drunk it's obvious
hes lucky the car wasnt the orange audi before that hit him
Too bad the driver didn't kill him
awesome, hope he got a couple broken legs so the regret lasts for months.
hopefully that'll be all it takes to change his mind!
Poor car
THERE IS NO KARMA. THERE IS GOD.
This isn't Karma, this is exploitation. What OP omitted from various news articles is that the man is mentally challenged, which is why he did it. The shop owner knew this and why he didn't do anything to stop it.
get absolutely fuked u mug
wie geil
Lmao
Nice
Fantastic 🤣
Lol haha never expected that 👏
Dirtbag
Perfect setup for a hip toss!
Great intervention!!!
😂👉🏻
HAHAHAHAHAHA
@ViralHog how much did you get into theft already?\nThe rights to the film I own and make claims about will not help you. If it is necessary we will meet in court\nRegards ;)
LET IT BE KNOWN THAT NO MAN CAN ESCAPE THE CYCLES OF TIME.
Probably works with Antifa.
*I’m still alive, if anyone cares...*
I'm not so even friends with you and I love
Make arnold go on jupiter
Have arnold survive a nuclear explosion
What if you were to eat a full bag of takis everyday
The spongebob I'm dying
Send him to the Mariana Trench
Send Arnold to *Death Valley* with no equipment
Did really see sponagebob or am I trippin
Narrative says 27cm but the video shows 3cm.
Arnold goes into a black hole
Send him to face volcano!
spongebob is in the stomach wow now I know why I haven't seen any episodes
what if arnold get into boiled water
Send him to a volcano
And also why is there a timer?
Just transform into a titan.
I am sad for you arnold
What did I just watch...?
Last time I've seen this guy is on a different channel talking about creepy if all the people disappeared thing and now he's like yeah I'm going swere now
And here is the fastest growing channel in the world
If Arnold was on a stranded island
What if you were to fall into a hole that lead to the Earth's core?
I don’t care about that it’s what happens next I’m worried about💩💩
NO NO NO NO !!!!!\nYou get it all wrong!\n\nSperm doesn't swallow you... You swallow the sperm.
Jonah - Jonah - Jonah in the belly of a whale
What if you attached the barrels of two guns together and pulled both triggers at once?
Put Arnold in a volcano!!!
I care that ur still alive .
what if you got sucked into a hurricane???
Arnold falls into an abyss for.
Have Arnold go the desert with out equipment
Please please please send Arnold to the bottom of the ocean without oxygen please please please
Didn’t know whales had teeth
What would happen if I was swallowed by a space whale alive?
All of his videos have at least 1000000 views... and 100000 subs a day... I quit😵
What if Arnold is stuck out at sea forever?
Poor Arnold... Always missing a finger...
What will happen when arnold eat alot of pill?
What happens if you swallow a chewing gum
What If Arnold lands in North Korea?
next time send him to Venus planet
You'd fuckin die, the end
on witch program you do this ?\ntake a look at my animations if you like
What if he goes inside a black hole??
Next video: what if you were in deep ocean
Arnold always loses one of his fingers
I can't tell if these videos are factual or just jokes.....
Put Arnold in a power plant
Subscribe to DougalSTW new channel need support thank you 😊!! Love ur vids
i saw spongebob
Yay!! Arnold is alive!
porfa envíelo al decierto
TELEPORT NEAR A BLACKHOLE!
Damn leave my nigga Arnold alone
I care
I CARE ARNOLD
Do if u got kid napped
Sahara desert
Is he saying sperm whale'' LMFAO??
Spongebob!
Vore.
Send Arnold to Mars
JONAS STORY DEBUNKED HERE
👐👐👐   👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
😅 phew 😅
PINOKIO!!!!!
Stop Killing Arnold Fingers Pls ;c
Rerember 1nsec on sun?
Bjb
my name is jonah
In crashed ship
Why you loose your finger
nemo and dory
Holy shit hes at 600k subs already your channel is growing fast asf
The narrator reminds me Greg Universe
Did arnold surveveded?
Put Arnold in Mars
The stages of drowning as a vid
can Arnold Survive a Meteor crash???
Put Arnold in a volcano
Love this please dont stop
what happens if he gets shot
This channel is so fucking cringy but I love it at the same time
I was thinking about this yesterday then this popped up in my suggestions\n\nI think YouTube is trying to tell me something.....
SEND ARNOLD IN A BLACK HOLE!!!!
What if an insect get inside to your body???
im here before this thing going to get fucking huge
Send Arnold to the bottom of the ocean or the mariana trench
Only two more episodes then Arnold has no more fingers left ;)
Make a video like, what will happen if Arnold masturbate 10,00,000 times in one day..
How can he breath
hey guys you are making good videos but we need more not a weekly post we need daily post\nand your videos are good for young youtubers\nhope you'll notice
What IF Arnold get hit by a flash
tomorrow
Lol spongbob
Send Arnold to Pluto
Lol
Arnold
lololoollo *sperm* whale\n\n\n\nignore my immaturity
Lebowski was dumb as hell.
Every single Nolan Batman....
Nice. Because....honesty
Avatar should be number fucking 1
Great list, James! 👍
Avatar and Titanic and Moonstruck suck
IPA beer tastes like bug spray smells!
Goodfellas > The Godfather/The Godfather II
Definitely agree about IPA beer.
The Big Lebowski is ok.
In The Matrix's case, the big popularity isn't due to the bullettime. This film showed to mass audience, the      philosophical concept, that what we see, perhaps may not be real. Before Matrix, only philosophers thought about it... Now, everybody has some idea of an artificial intelligence. It's the discussion that this film started, makes it that popular.
The Matrix is the movie that felt NEW the longest. Every time I think about the year it came out I think ITS BEEN THAT MANY YEARS!?\nDonnie Darko is a very emotional film where you need to relate and also enjoy psychedelic films.\nPulp Fiction and The big Lebowski both succeeded for the same reason. Amazing script and perfect casting. Two movies that just create magic on the screen.
Avatar for me. Watch Avatar and Pocahontas and wonder if everyone who loves Avatar ever watched Pocahontas.
Just saw It Follows, wish I had seen that in the theater
It's so painful you had to polarize the intro. You're a great guy. I wish you didn't have to tip toe. \n\n\nleleleleleelleelelle
TLDW: I like things unless they're popular :p
3 of my favorite movies of all time are on this list, but it is as you say: sometimes it’s nice to hear the other side of the story. You have a very respectful towards fans of the films and the films themselves. Nice video!
Avatar was awful. There, I said it. Also IPA does suck. Cheers James!
Was with you right up to your final 5, but that's just like  . My opinion man.
Same with number one. Dude i super couldnt get big lebowski, i just found it mostly crude humor that never really stuck with me - it felt super messy in lots of areas and i had a hard time just getting into the themes i thought it tried to portray but hey thats my opinion.
Love these calm, movie talk videos
I actually don't like IPA either, but I still drink it anyway.
I agree with all of these to an extent except the matrix. I feel like the story was very interesting and we'll executed. It's fine that you don't like it though you do you
What I enjoy about Donnie Darko is that it's an active movie. You don't/can't just passively watch it.\nI can totally understand not enjoying it though, because most people don't want to have to actively think about what they're watching throughout the whole movie, but I really enjoy that. I prefer interactive media and by having an active story it makes the movie less of a passive experience. \nMy unpopular opinion is that I don't like 2001. I like the scenes with HAL, but the beginning and ending just feel like they're trying to have a bigger meaning but come across as unnecessarily artsy and confusing.
I started watching this expecting you to dislike films that'd be favorites of mine.......Honestly, I agree with almost everything you said about these movies!  People especially think I'm insane when I say that I really didn't enjoy The Dark Knight aside from the amazing Joker scenes.
The Big Lebowski is the greatest movie of all time, but I respect your opinion.
Surprisingly I do agree with most movies on his list. Most of them are really overrated
I think why dark knight was so popular because nobody would have thought that heath ledger would pull off the joker character and a original take on the character
For me is Blade runner. I love the sci fi world
It would be awesome if you did Top 10 Unpopular Films I Did Love. Great vid!
Sorry I didn't do it on purpose.  My family is Italian.\n\n*James now sleeps with the fishes.*
In the mood for love is the most overrated movie to me
I have to agree with James. Except for The Dark Knight, and even then I have to concede his point that it's just a good crime drama with Batman.
Thank you! I had to watch The Big Lebowski during Theater class in college. I've never been more disappointed to the point of anger in a film. Halfway through I wanted this piece of shit to end so badly I just wanted to scream.
The Big Lebowski would be #1 on my list too. Just ahead of Gladiator...
This list is so on point!
Happens all the time. People were shitting their pants when Inside Out and Moana came out, and I hated both of them.
A Clockwork Orange? Never understood the appeal of that movie.
The Matrix I thought was excellent and still is, its about pursuing truth at its core, a truth you never suspected could exist, it tears human perception apart like a sheet of paper, what you always 'knew' was a rectangle never was. I love that about it, and how an aspect of human nature prefers for us to stay blissfuly unaware. I did absolutely HATE Avatar, although at least a lot of people seem to agree me on that these days.
Baby Driver - Cannot understand why everyone praises that movie.  Not knocking you if you do, it just goes over my head as to why.
i dont like stars wars at all i watched the rouge one i found it enteraing on lt worth one watch
I love The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, Donnie Darko. I am with you on the rest.\nEspecially with you on the Big Lebowski, ikind of like it but don't get the hype.
One of my film professors raved about Citizen Kane, and I could never figure out what it was that made it so amazing. He claimed it was the best film of all time. I love the opening scene, but that's because it has such a great gothic feel. The rest of the film was okay, but even after studying it and doing a presentation on it, I could never figure out why people found it to be so outstanding.
many people don't understand Raising Arizona either, which is kind of the deal with the Coen filmography. i don't connect with most of their films if i take the macro view, especially their later output. lebowsky is IMO great because the characters are so fun to watch. the story can be about nothing and it's more a collage of funny scenes.
NOW LOOK HERE ASSHOLE.....\n\nJust kidding, most of those movies I hated, some I like, but not love. its all good.
Some of these movies I haven’t even seen
Me with the original Ghostbusters. Don't @ me.
Will you do a Top 10 on movies that you love that everyone else hates?  Or have you already done such a Top 10?
Yes. A Christmas Story. Throw it in the bin
You feel exactly the same way as me for the Dark Knight
Also James, move to Cali and smoke the good stuff
He didnt like pulp fiction because he had to do homework on it
I agree on Citizen Kane, Christmas Story, Matrix, Dark Knight, and Donnie Darko.
I really can’t tell why everyone loves the goonies. I don’t think see why it’s a classic.
As soon as I started watching this I was praying Pulp Fiction wouldn't be on the list. My favorite movie of all time :(
Damn Lebowsky is that big because the immense amount of stoners there is in the US.
Comparing The Godfather Part 2 to Scarface... What a mong.
I agree with alot on this list for sure. Not that I hate them they are just over rated. But I did love the big lebowski. It was hilarious and the acting and delivery from the actors was great.
THANK YOU for putting The Dark Knight on here. should have been #1. super garbage. im not a fan of any Christian Bale's Batmans. cant sit thru Batman Begins and couldnt stand the third one with bane.
If you think Citizen Kane is such a bad movie, why don't you make a better one? Go ahead, do it!
Agree on titanic. I cannot stand that film. Dark knight was ok for me, but i am not a big batman fan so it would rank fairly low for me.
I disagree with many of your choices but I couldn't agree more with The Big Lebowski. I've watched it 3 or 4 times and I never saw the appeal. It actually kind of irritates me.
That’s, like, your opinion man. Big lebowski is my favorite movie of all time. But I can see why some people don’t like it, like my wife. She doesn’t like it cause she finds the plot is pointless which is kinda the point. Good list
Man that intro went on too long. Sorry.
I can't speak for everyone but to me the appeal of Donnie Darko has always been the characters, the style, and the atmosphere, not the story (which also isn't nearly as nonsensical as people make it out to be).\n\nIt's a great seasonal movie to watch around Halloween and it's full of great performances and dialogue. Even if the story ended up not really coming across very well in the theatrical cut and is explained a little *too* much in the director's cut, it's just a fun movie to watch late at night and get caught up in the mood of.
I feel this way about Spider-Man:Homecoming.
I'd go as far as to say the dark knight is the best superhero movie ever made, but definitely not what IMDb ranked it. Probably in the top 100 best films though.
Love your mention of Reservoir Dogs. One of my favorite flicks ever and so underrated imo
I'm amazed that there's someone out there that agrees with me about the Dark Knight. Holy shit.
Toy Story for me
Pulp faction is going to far
Hey man....we we're cool until you started ripping on THE ONE!!!  Hahaha, great video man.
You spend a lot of time apologising for your opinions, and less time expressing them. I do think the Nolan Batman films suck. And I think I do disagree with some of your list. But embrace that your opinions are different. It makes you unique.
his hand gets cut off a one point
by the way i agree with you on 7 out of the 10. And also that's, I liked the movie, I thought it was okay, but I didn't think it was great.
Avengers is on my list, movie was garbage
Damn you.. pulp fiction is the best movie ever sorry.. the script and dialogue is the absolute best
My family would agree with you on Christmas Vacation being better than A Christmas Story... Not me, however.
Luv north by northwest Casablanca, singing the rain and NewYork NewYork I think it is called .
I had the same feeling about The Big Lebowski. I just didn't get it. Could not for the life of me understand the hype. Then I heard Jeff Bridges on Howard Stern. James, listen to that interview then rewatch the movie.
So basically, the nerd hates mainstream movies that gets over played...and this makes sense...
Wonder what his favorite batman movie is
Hey, hey!  The Big Lebowski is beautiful!  Why don't you love what I love?  Are you a mean mean nerd? LOVE IT...  please for me.
Alright Nerd I was going to rant about The Godfather 2 until you brought up Goodfellas being better so you get a pass because Goodfellas is in my top 5 movies of all time.  I even think Millers Crossing is better than The Godfather 2 IMO but it is still a great movie.
Big Lebowski is maybe the most rewatchable movie ever made, with a perfect cast, perfect dialogues and perfect characters. In fact, everything is so perfect that nobody cares about the fact that the story is whatever
Heather ledger
I totally agree with donnie fucking darko....it sucks
Great video, James. There's only one movie on your list I really love. It's Pulp Fiction. I especially agree with your opinion on The Dark Knight. The most overrated movie ever in my opinion.
Yes... The Matrix is THAT good haha. But to each his own!
Thinking about this, I think Citizen Kane, Donnie Darko, The Matrix and The Big Lebowski all have one thing in common: in order to truly appreciate the movie, you have to allow yourself to be the main character for the running time. People believe these are the best movies ever not because of the direct plot but because they feel the main character undergo a transformation, whether positive or negative, and that's reflected in the self. It's a journal of personal discovery into how someone different from you feels. If you watch these movies as a passive observer, you don't feel that internal conflict within yourself.\n\nThat James watches horror films, where the cast is generalized into the killer and the survivors, means he might have a predilection to being a passive observer. After all, you don't want to identify with a character in a horror movie too closely! But to get Donnie Darko, you have to spend an hour and change as a fucked-up, alienated teen looking deep at a cosmic horror. To get Citizen Kane, you have to feel each personal achievement turn ephemeral as soon as it enters your grasp, leaving your soul unfulfilled. If you just observe these characters, instead of feeling them, you can never truly experience them.
Scarface (1983) is ok, I don't understand why it's so popular
Birdman is a giant pile of garbage
I was hoping Forest Gump would make the list--UGH ;)  you should now do a 10 movies that I love, but no one else seems to!
I was with you until The Dark Knight. That movie is one of the greatest of all time.
I love James and cinemassacre, but even if I didn't come on people with 6 billion people on this rock, everyone has and is entitled to their opinions. This man knows film, period. BTW James your #1 is in my top 5 favorite films. Pure enjoyability.
The Dude doesn't abide but thats just your opinion man 🎳
Not so much a movies but I don't like Game of Thrones, like at all, despite how big it is. Half of it is purely due to me not being a of fan of fantasy, and I just get bored with it really easy.\n\nBut like, opinons man.
I think Avatar is overrated. I mean its pretty and the sci-fi is interesting but its nothing but Disney's Pocahontas in space with USB ponytails. I mean its enjoyable but I don't see the acclaim it got.
Okay, just starting to watch this video by a well-known movie buff. Let's see how we pair up. I know you'll never see this post.\n*Citizen Kane:* I... guess I don't love it, okay. Number One Of All Time? Okay, hold on there—\n*Titanic:* It's all right. Too romanticized.\n*The Sixth Sense:* Again, all right. Certainly the best Shaymalan film, good god. But a twist isn't a movie.\n*A Christmas Story:* A Christmas tale that does something somewhat unlike others. It's okay\n*The Matrix:* Great idea, a bit pretentious.\n*The Dark Knight:* Great film! Don't love it though. Not one of the best films of all time.\n*Pulp Fiction:* It's all right? Seeing a theme here?\n*The Godfather Part 2:* Aw.\n*Donnie Darko:* Okay. The cracks are showing. This movie is one of my beloved. It's so *bizarre*, well shot, with a grand soundtrack. Of all the movies on this list, this is the only one that, to me, is an experience.\n*The Big Lebowski:* It's all right.
I love Donnie Darko but totally get why you didn't. Everyone I ask, if they've even heard of it, totally love it or totally hate it.
Beautiful song + Beautiful music video + Beautiful person <3
Sign out after one view or else the rest will not count. C'MON LET'S GET THIS TO AT LEAST 50 MILLION. I KNOW THIS SHIT IS TRENDING ON SPOTIFY AND ITUNES! 😂
Treat people with kindness 🦋
God i love this song! Amazing!!
Omg this is such a beautiful song 😭❤️
Niall is so cute his song his perfect his eyes his character this is' to much to have ' as a human perfection in person is this possible😥
Crying but not in a cool way.
this video deserved a billion views
He looks like ramsey got
i love you niall , crying in cool way
Everyone loved one direction cuz of zayn.... and zayn was loved for his look more than his voice... the appearance is always the key 😊 .. and don’t tell you wrong cuz you know I’m right.
I want to take a shower in this song like I want it all over my body ya feel
This is a Awesome song ❤
Cool song,,, nice liryc I very love this song
in one direction i didn't focus on your voice coz i was so in zayn but this song is fucking amazing and your voice <3 thanks Niall
0:01 Suga from I need you😂😂
WHO MADE YOU SAD?! IMMA KILL THIS BITCH
sorry\nthe old Niall can't come to the phone right now\nwhy?\n\n\n\nbecause there's only grown-up Niall here
Cant get over with this
I'm thanking Spotify for the first time for having an ad that brings me to this song. <3 Nice music with good vocals. \n\nEdit: Now that summer is ending, this song has so much feels for autumn :O
good nightcore i love it !
Niall is such a cutie pie, oh God, I want to hug him so bad.
guys there's an easier way to loop the song, right click on your mouse and press the loop option. Thank me later. :)
so proud of you Nialler 😭💯💜
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=whg6TfRlJZo\n\n\nLIKE THIS VIDEO PLEASE
I caught the feelings holy❤
I've fell in love over again, i love itt
im fucking crafting. so fucking much.\n\n\n(i'm sorry, I had to.)
When Niall was sitting on the bed, it reminded me of the gotta be you video, in the beginning of that video he was sitting on the bed.
this is such a good song
So proud of you❤️
this song is so beautiful and meaningful i love the chorus of the song i love slow hands that he sing and i love this one to. this song sound so much of him i hope he continues to make great songs like this.
So much irish pride 🌎🌎 ireland❤❤💚⚪🔶
I love this song so much❤️❤️ why is this not trending?!?
As I heard the new songs off the ex members of 1D, I easily can say only Niall is making good music and artful and meaningful. (I only can mention Dusk Till Dawn here)
THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL 😭❤
I love you so much Niall i love song
Can't believe how you have grown up! I  so proud of you baby ❤ I ma crying so much becausr of you! Love this song and love you 😘
This is such a beautiful song my lord
the first 3 minute 45 is good, the rest is shit.
This song deserves more views!!
song is good but it makes me feel sad so I don't listen to it .\nWHO WANTS TO FEEL SAD  WITH NO REASONS ?
This song deserves 100 million views in one week
'Is it too much to ask for SOMETHING GREAT' ohhhhhh my f-ing god
Niall Horan is the Justin Timberlake of One Direction.
hes so cute im crying this song fucked me up real good
Absolutely love Niall and this song and his face
I'm so confused this needs more views!!!
Messing of One Direction❤❤ I LOVE YOU Nini
I LOVE HIM \n\nNIALL IS GREAT\nHE IS MI REASON TO BE\nI'M CRYING I LOVE HIM SO MUCH
yeah people is it too much to ask for people to subscribe to him and give him more views?
I LOVE THIS SONG: BASICALLY I LOVE NIALL
Crying in a cool way.
1. Brazil loves you\n2. The world loves you\n3. I love you. \ngood job, my baby. I'm proud of you. ❤❤❤❤
I can't go through the day without listening to this 😩😩👌🏻
THIS FEELING :
Addicted.
<3
Poland love you!!!!
you really did great Niall
❤❤❤❤❤❤
#LoveThisSong 💞 #LoveNiall 💞
DAMMITTTTTTTTTT
ESTAS HERMOSO HORAN 😭
I love you Niall 😭💘
SOO CATCHY
i miss blonde niall 😪
It's very coool, AMAZING.❤
Why Niall why did you swear why😭
One Direction 💔❤
my baby :(
This is really sad omfg
IM CRYING, YOUR AMAZING DARLINGGGG
I'm actually crying
*Onion cutting Ninjas are here!!*
Touching my heart
♥♥♥
I Love U ❤🌼
WHO HURT YOU NIALL
Beautiful song <3
This is beautiful 😭💕
niall me volas el bocho
LOVE LOVE LOOOOOVVVEEEE IIIIIITTTTT
i fuckin miss one direction😢 lafya ni💞💞
Wow😱😱😱 he z an 😇
01:10 that is me😂😂😂
Regresen jonas brothers 💔💔😔
Oo yes my friend
My favorite song!!!
Niall Horan feat. Camila Cabello PLEASE!!
U made my whole lifeeeee
THIS.SONG.OH.MY.GOD
😥😥😥😥😥
♥️♥️
oh miooooo dioooooooo piangoooo ogni volta che lo ascolto!!! sei STREPITOSO! :P
#AGNEZXMO Long As I Get Paid.
I swear Niall got some good ass songs fr fr
I believe he'll be the next Prince......
he said fucked up like it was nothing
who are these ppl that gave 1k thumbsdown
ITS STUCK IN MY HEAD AND I DONT WANNA GET IT OUT❤️🔥😫
Who only came coz of x
Does the high notes not sound a little weird in the chorus?
Isn't this the guy who beat his wife
Her voice is so special😍 it sounds as if she speaks a little bit through her nose and that is so crazy and wow...❤
In love with this ❤
x ain’t in the vid but ok
This song is everything.
two favourite artists in one song!
i cant believe i was one of the first 100k views and im still listening to it on repeat
I really wish xxxtentacion was in this video with Noah ❤️
Im so glad i found this gem
Can't keep my d*ck in my pants
what is her outfit? Song is good but why mom jeans?
Let’s all cut the BS and get right to the good part 1:35
Bro idk y but i fuck with this
Conspiracy theory: X didnt appear because he's a lowkey alien now and the government gonna come for him.
I think he deserves a fresh start and I think this is the perfect starting point for him👍🏻he's talented his verse is so good and I think he's changed now👍🏻
Can't hit the like button more than once...(chill Z, chill) NO! FUCK NO!!!!!! I WANT TO LIKE THIS MORE THAN ONCE!!!!!!!
Why was this rated NC-17?
the first sound reminds me another song, help me to live in peace again
I came to see if x slide on this one as well but i can hear his voice on this one so not that hyped but ig
I wish X was physically in the video tho
I like reading these comments to raise my self esteem
Thought he hated women. \nARE THE RUMORS FALSE?!?!
Why you are so ugly :(
Wow I fucking hate this x does not seem like he wanted to do this fuck this video
Hate them both, but it’s not as bad as I thought it would be
I'm here for X
I gave her dick she got mad :/
Hope he doesnt beat her up
This wouldnt have that much views if it wasnt for xxxtentacion
Wish X’s verse was longer
This song makes me dont look at you and dont fuck you :vvvv
I love this song ✨✨
Love this right here. Good job x you're younger than be but you inspire me.
i wanna be your lover.. i dont wanna be your friend
lol only listened cuz x was on it
X is such a god
Don't know who the fuck the chick is, only here for X <3
haven’t heard it yet but i know this songs gonna be fire
This is exactly what I didn't know I needed in my life
Noah is a boys name retard
Low key really like this
She's so ugly tho. Egg face
Did anyone else think of the movie Easy Rider while watching this?
Came for X stayed for the song. Dope af
What are we gonna see now lil pump and Selena gomez
I cry on this song i think about my crush 😭💔
X couldn't show up to the music video cuz he looking ugly as fuck right now
I Can't stop listening
Only came for X
Did she really get facial surgery? She's so young. She looks like Cher
All these fake X fans saying “ I didn’t know X can sing” smdh
Her career won’t be the same collaborating with that piece of shit, they won’t let her live this down
Man don't be sleepin' on that nigga xxxtentacion, he really out here killin' it
Noah looks like Miley and cash me outside girl combined together 😂
Damn x has a fucking beautiful af voice
Thank god I didn't see them eyebrows or that tree
THIS SONG SMACKS
fuuck X
The Vibe is awesome
I see XXXTENTACION...\nI click....  unga unga
XXXTENTACION BIT STARTS AT 1:36 thank me later
Chick named Noah 🤔🤔🤔
Omg❤❤❤....
Production is slappppp
X killed this 🔥
OMG X  DHSJJRXJRXJSR I LOVE HIS MUSIC OHGMGJIFFK RSHHMRSUMRMUS HELP ME
Those pants scared me
Ponyo
🔥🔥
Not bad.
One day\n🥃
Young Lady Melisandre
Here 4 XXX AINT NO LYING
CLICKBAIT
where's XXX?
Bruh she's so underrated.
kinda sounds like AHS
Pleasantly surprised
4 lines? Really?
Good Song
1:34
She's bad bruh 😨
No tits =No like
Plz make another song with xxxtentacion
Noah cyrus <tres
The most unexpected collab ever
E D G Y
Wtf lit lol
X on that HEAVYYY autotune
The production tho...
A singing snowflake
unexpected as fuck
WAW OMG ❤️
Lil tentacion😀😀😀
music for sheeple
Nice
X killed it bruv❤🔥
People always worked up on how other people use their money. BRUH!! It's not your money!
I'm curious why Alessia isn't in a crib yet, and why she isn't able to do what average babies her age are that I care for and have raised? She isn't pushing up on hands and knees, she cannot sit up alone, her stroller makes her lay down, can she even roll over? Itsn't my business maybe, but Is that just normal for Europe. Please no hate guys. I'm not a unicorn mom I promise.
Emilia is so sweet 😍
I got a cold in December and it lasted for nearly 3 months
So sweet!!!  UH, OH!!!  I think that Eduardo is in a bit of trouble!!!   XOXO from Eagle Rock, CA
I absolutely love watching your videos and honestly I hate even partially scrolling down the comments section because 90% of it is teenagers thinking they know everything about parenting and telling you both how to look after your kids and it makes me so annoyed. Don’t feel like you have to justify yourselves to those people, clearly you’ve raised 2 beautiful kids and are about to raise another so everyone else’s opinion is irrelevant xxxxx
That's some nice shade blending on his eyebrows 😂
J... A must have it's called shout it out fabric stain cleaner or any similar product in the U.K. Yes  you're s dead man walking!! 🤣 too bad we won't see that in the Vlog.. darn! 😆 yay poopy diaper under the table 👍🏻 real life.
don't leave makeup where kids can reach
Allesia looks so grown up when she’s sat up in the bed in her new outfit. My heart literally melted😍💖❤️
It's so sad that people try to bring your family down. Of course you don't vlog every minute of your life.
Dear Scallywag can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Having a cough for too long can be a sign of Asthma, because I had a cough for more than a year and it turns out I had asthma 😕
You need to get fur cut all around the dogs eyes he CNT see a bloody thing x
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
They have the cutest kid!!!
Eduardo isn’t gonna be happy he’s not got legal tender with his old £1
I liked the video!
Yes! “Situación” is situation in Spanish ☺️
Put some shaving cream for the duvet. Rub it in first then throw in the washer.
The song at the beginning is so beautiful. Does anyone know the name of it?
I would love to have seen  Anna's  reaction to  Eduardo  destroying her   Make-up
This is so adorable i can't handle their cuteness <3
Not the modern renaissance palette! Ive never cringed so hard 😂😂😂
Not the Modern Renaissance palette D:
try not to cringe challenge while watching Jonathan try and get rid of the stain
My face though when Jonathan opened the eyeshadow pallet :0
Eduardo did not lose any teeth , he did not deserve money.. that's the whole thing about the tooth fairy, its for kids who lose their teeth.. they are just confusing him and his sister as Emilia knows that the tooth fairy gives money to kids that lose their teeth... i think they did it so he didn't feel left out, the same to when they give Eduardo a gift on Emilia's birthday. its not fair.. he just needs to learn that its not his birthday so he doesn't get gifts, he didn't lose teeth, so you get no money. and his time will come. its Emilia's special days not Eduardo , Eduardo got money but he didn't lose his tooth - Emilia lost a tooth, Eduardo gets a gift on his sister's birthday, its not his birthday its Emilia's birthday..
Okay,  I just have to say...  You really should consider what people are commenting about Eduardo.  I never go out of my way to write a negative comment but this is really bothering me, as well as a lot of other people I've noticed after reading their well-meaning comments.  Eduardo really does seem to be becoming spoiled rotten.  It's getting really hard to watch these videos anymore because I cannot stand to watch his bad behavior.  And then seeing him always get unnecessary rewards like him getting a coin for Emilia's lost tooth.   I felt so bad for Emilia,  you really could see the confusion on her face,  and the smugness on Eduardo's.  I wonder what she thought when he got a coin as well, which you are only supposed to get for losing your own tooth, which he did not.  You just didn't want him to get upset.   I'm sorry but what is that?  What is that teaching him?  I really pray that you stop allowing this to continue and that it doesn't come back to bite you (or others) in the future.  Yes he is little now, but if nothing changes he's likely to become an arrogant adult, manipulating everybody in his life,  because he wasn't taught properly as a child.  There's already enough of those people in this world and this is how it all starts.   It just infuriates me.  And it might do you good to consider why an overwhelming amount of people are noticing and commenting the same things, instead of calling them crazy.   It's of true concern.  You're no better than the rest of us.
Eduardo, you are going to have to live in someone else's house...lol! OMG, the throw...and worse, the ruin of the Modern Renaissance Palette. Please let us see/hear about Anna's reaction!!! Hilarious!!!!
Anna don't worry about what people say. My first child was weened on everything organic and fresh, my second, mostly wotsits and magnums!  Don't sweat it! You do you!
Mommy loves this throw more than mommy loves daddy. - I laughed out loud with this one. 🤣
Yep, explosiones and situaciones are actual words in Spanish and you're using them perfectly Anna 😂
Jonathan, I laughed out loud when you told Wardo he'd have to live somewhere else... mommy loves that throw more than she loves daddy.... so funny. I cringed as you pulled the wipe to clean. Vacuum it next time lol coz you know there's gonna be a nest time. Too funny.
I would've loved to see Anna's reaction to Eduardo's art! Lol
That dog in the car looked ridiculous!!
Hahaha Eduardo you are going to have to go live in someone else's house! Bahahaha my stomach hurts from laughing so much. This vlog was wonderful, but I wish we could have seen Anna's reaction to the throw Situationes
When I saw the modern renaissance pallet something in me died I swear then he opened it and I thought oh know Eduardo you're dead ahahaha
Beautiful, thank you for sharing
I was hoping to see Anna reaction to that make everywhere lol
These vlogs are so real, makes me love them even more:)
Emilia is so sweet. omg Eduardo with the makeup. Lol what a mess. Alessia is such a cutie. Obviously we don't see everything, I don't get why people think they know it all. Hope you are all having a good weekend. <3
Shame the limelight was taken away from Emilias moment by Eduardo - he will get his own moment one day. You use the words he will get upset far too much. He's going to find the real world very tough if he thinks he gets everything he wants constantly and is never disappointed. You can't protect them from that all the time sadly, if only you could.
both anna & jonathan are so amazing at engaging with their audience whilst talking to a camera! feels like they're standing right in front of me, comes so naturally to them ❤️
There was so much Anna sass in this vlog and I love it. You tell 'em, Anna. There are no perfect people out there. Also, my heart might have broken a little seeing what Eduardo did to the Modern Renaissance palette and Anna's throw. It might be time to teach that boy about brushes. 😂
I'm pregnant with my second baby boy now and I've been saying the same thing, I want to keep him in baby grows as long as I can. I dressed my first little boy up too quickly and felt he grew up too fast. I want to keep this baby a baby for as long as I can 😂 I get what you mean 100%
I know many people say she looks like Emilia but  see Eduardo
LOL JONATHAN TRYING TO CLEAN THAT WITH MAKEUP WIPES. Omg lol. Noooo soak it in water and then laundry detergent probably!!!! What a Man's decision!! Love it
How are you going to see Me tomorrow? More like I'll see You tomorrow
Even if you don't have kids, you can understand how it is to have them. Example nieces, nephews, God children.. Family friends. I hate how parents a lot of you have this higher attitude of if you don't have kids you don't understand I.e.  \nThat's ignorant and assuming.
Situacion, is actually how we pronounce in french Anna.
Food looks amazing.\nOh gosh over make-up disaster.... What did Anna say?\nAnna keep it real... You are great. You can tell baby girl gets plenty of attention because of her smiles and excitement when you speak to her. Amazing smiles.
I love Anna! You're an amazing mom! 😙
I cringed so hard when he started to wipe the throw with the make-up wipe...It only made it worse!!
The thumbnail looks like you are going to eat the baby...
Jonathan! Don't RUB! You're rubbing it INTO the throw! DAB!
Anna is a beauty. ❤️ and hilarious!
Helena is amazing. You guys are lucky to have her. When we love our pets so much it's hard to find someone we can totally trust but she seems wonderful and like she truly loves and cares about the dogs.
You were perfectly right saying situaciones and explosiones in spanish!😊✌️✌✌
Mommy loves that throw more than she loves daddy \nI JUST DIED😂😂
Who else thinks that Anna is an amazing mum 💖 she also looks absolutely stunning 😍
When I saw Eduardo's face: 😂😂😂\nWhen I saw Johnathan's face: 😅😅\nWhen I saw the throw: 😰\nAnd When I saw where the makeup came from: 😨😱💀
What's the song at the beginning? :)
I was away from the UK travelling this year and I was so surprised to come back this month and find that the £1 had changed to what Emilia got from the tooth fairy! A cross between a Euro and a £2 coin!
Jonathon did not tell Eduardo off enough then! He'll just do it again 🙈
OMG.  O MG.    He is done for...
That boy needs to take a corner  for a while  that isn't  even funny.i would be so up sit with that boy.
So did ya'll discipline him or just laugh about it like what was on video? Jonathan you are too easy on the kids when they act up by laughing and chasing them around.
The moment would've been way more special if Emilia didn't have to share it with Eduardo. It truly became their moment instead of Emilia's! Now when it's Eduardo then it'll be nothing new and special.
Why did Eduardo get something? He's never going to learn at this rate
Aww the tooth fairy note🍬you are great parents.
I wanted to see Anna's reaction when she had found out about the bed throw haha.. ❤️
Okay so i'm not a Mum for like another couple of years but I just have to say something here. Your comments are just so annoying and disrespectful! Ever thought about that: Emilia had her birthday not only on one day but over a couple of days, she got presents every day and everyone sang to her and all the attention from all the other kids and adults was on her (and probably on Alessia as she is still a baby)! So he did not have to understand that Emilia has a special day but apparently she has so many special days. And then she looses a tooth where there was probably plenty of talking and showing and admiration from others about and Emilia got visited by a fairy and it was not about Eduardo either. Keeping in mind that when it was Eduardo's birthday they just had a baby so he probably had to share all the attention from every familiy member or party guest. AND HE IS ONLY THREE YEARS OLD! Give them a break! They are just trying to show Eduardo that they love him all the same, even if he is now a middle child.\nOn another note, I used to get one present on my sister's birthday as well and the other way round. I am now 20 years old and I do not have any problems with accepting when something is just for my sister. Every parents make their own choices and know what's best!
Of course, Eduardo HAD to have a coin too 🙄
Awe such a cute video💗💗, just wished we saw Anna's reaction!! 😅❤️
Please tell me you got all that make up off of the cover, this stresses me!! 😲
Hey Anna, About the breast milk: it contains all sorts of good stuff for your baby ;)\nImmunoglobulins, which are compounds that 'catch' foreign substances in your body, but also good bacteria from YOU. Through these compounds you can make your baby more resistant to diseases you're also resistant agains at the moment. ;) Jus thought I'd share this. Thought you might find it interesting^^
I think 6 is a good year to have your first sleepover
Anna don't worry about the keyboard warriors! You and Jonathan are amazing and the fact your children are SOooooo happy proves that! Xxx
When babies have cold symptoms and runny poop is usually means they could be teeting so that's why it's seems like their getting sick but not😌
Bloody Eduardo aye
Hey guys!
Alessia is soooo cute
14:21 OMG HOW IS SHE SO ADORABLE
AWWWWWWWWWWW THIS IS SO CUTEEEEEEEEE
OMG Anna's palette...............
I absolutely adore the sacconejolys and have been watching for 3 years but why did eduardo get a coin when he hasnt lost his tooth i think it will just make his moment of his first tooth not as special xxx no hate
Can't wait for the telling our children the tooth fairy, unicorns and Santa aren't real :O
Where's alessias coin then?? If Eduardo gets one for no reason surely all her siblings should
i know you guys can parent how you like to,i just feel as though giving a coin to eduardo aswell took away that special moment for emilia, and gives eduardo the impression that he will receive something from the tooth fairy aswell when emilia looses another tooth. i just dont think that type of milestone should be taken away from emilia or eduardo now that he has already received something from the tooth fairy, when it wasnt his tooth. \n\nsorry if this sounds mean, thats not my intention. just sharing my thoughts on the situation. x
I love you guys, I really do. But I honestly feel bad for Emilia. It was HER tooth, HER special moment, not Eduardo's. I am sure she will not get a coin when Eduardo looses his first tooth. I think Eduardo should understand that he can't get everything Emilia gets all the time, she has her moments and he has his moments. It is SO unfair for Emilia.
This is hilarious 😂
I can only imagine what Anna's reaction was!!! 😰😱
My little boy is 5 months old and his been in 6-9 clothes for about a month now. He’s growing so quickly 😓
I love u I cried so mutch it's so cute
Anna your amazing
Unicorn Moms! 😂👍🏼 Awesome!
That toof!!!!
Wooo you’re trending!!!!
NOT THE MODERN RENAISSANCE THO WARDO 😫😂
Bop after bop, you guys are saving music this year <3
This is such a bop
I SCREAMED SO LOUD AT THE END
Wait is Scott bi??? Lmao what's happening
Ahhh, the anticipation of that kiss between Scott and Mitch has been building for years. Why?!
Sorry but i can't unhear cum on me :'v
I just can't stop dancing!! Their music makes me so happy.Diversity is the best.
WHY IS MITCH LITERALLY ME IN THIS VIDEO
In Algebra II \nOne foot in ... oh I understand this for once.\n\nOne foot out ... What just happened, what is that.\n\nOne more minute from shutting down... I need to go to the bathroom, because I don't feel like having a mental break down in the middle of class.
it's so fun to watch you guys, your songs are the best, keep doing this amazing job!!😍
uhggggg I can fucking relate and I wish I couldn't
isnt this the girl from from good place\n\nwas it Janet?
Mitch: *laughs* I can't.\n\nMe: Y? You've done it like twice already (on camera).
YES ADORABLE LITTLE BEANS DO YA THANG! Incredible like always! I knew the ending was coming but I mean ahhhh........ Their next video better be their engagement video I swear to god.
The actors/dancers in the beginning scene at the tables were really really great they were cast well and loooksd so natural doing the transition.. the best part of the song was the bridge therest of the song was flat and boring I was expecting it to be more dynamic
That was SO GOOD. I did not expect it to be THAT good. \nThese people are freaking amazing...I'm done.
Need a choreo video for this!!
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Ooh Mitch into the darkskins..... I see you.
I love the whole album but Part Two is my favorite! Hurry Up is my number 1! What's your favorite song everyone?
y'all got janet from the Good Place? nice
come on why you are not kissing????????
i just can't I LOVE THE BEGINING SO MUCH
That face at 2:47 is me on a daily basis
Y'all are firing out new videos like a machine gun and im LOVING IT
Amazing music and video!\nA brasilian  here who loves Superfruit! I listen to your music every day!
The bartender, at the end, is all of us. 😂
Are the table cards on the reception desk an Easter egg? Any significance to 6-2-15?
This song means so much to me. I cried. My favorite so far. Thank you Scott. Thank you Mitch.
That's my JAM! So good! So true! In love!
God dammit! Its obvious they're meant fo each other~!! #scömiche ❤❤
The only thing missing is lesbians 😢
HOW ARE THEY GONNA ALMSOT KISS LIKE THAT! I have been shipping them since Rather Be came out by Pentatonix dude I love Mitch and Scott but please kiss! That video and song was lit tho I loved it I'm shook
You guys are doing a great job with every single
I love that every song in your album is so addictive. Keep on rising!!
one of favs from the album
This ending is soooooooo breaking my heart. Love the song though ❤
They know how to keep people on edge about their secret relationship, eh?
This song is literally me
My little girls and I are OBSESSED with your new stuff and I LOVE that all body types, ethnicities, fabulous people are represented in your videos. I truly believe that your music/message transcends all labels and is empowering for everyone - especially kids who are just starting to figure out who they are. <3
Mitch: kisses Scott multiple times in other videos \n\nAlso Mitch: *giggles* I can't.
I swear to fucking God in the heavens above... GET MARRIED!!!!! Y’all are the definition of relationship goals and I look up to you so much as a gay person but y’all make another one of these teasers I will die.
the only reason no one went with with Scott or Mitch is because they know that the fandom will find them, kidnap them and kill them because SCOMICHE IS REAL!! \n\n *I'm really sorry I'm just gonna go away now bye!
Loving it.  Thank you for another awesome song and vid.
I can't tell you how fast I got this song on iTunes
wow that was honestly such a quality video. impressed
The dude at 4:40 is us the fandom just thinking stfu and kiss already
The bartender at the end like, uH YES YOU CAN
Yall are snakes for the ending
this has to be my favorite song from future friends
Just when I thought they coudln't get any better
She cant help it, shes an android
I live for the awkward scene at the beginning where that chick is totally feeling up Scott but barely paying attention to Mitch. Acting skills on point in this one!
I hate the ending 😂😂
Who can agree that Mitch and Scott and perfect for each other..
I'm that barman at the end
Mitch was so ready to get Blacked...
This is so cute thank u scott and mitch ily
WHO'S THIS F*CKING HOT DANCER????!!!!!
I keep watching this waiting for the end to change by itself who else
The mustache
here for Locky's pleated trousers!
oh my mitch grassi-hoying ;)
JANET
its janet!
4:43 you asses lol
I love Janet
LEGENDS ONLY
🎶🔥❤️🎶🔥❤️🎶
WHY DIDNT THEY KIS GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
THE END SIHIFUHSDFGYSEFGYE FUCK YALL I JUST CHOKED ON MY FUDGING GUMMMMJSHBUGVFGSVUSFV
You are AWESOME!!
I love this omg
It's fucking Janet!
JAM!!
IM SHOOOOKKKKKKKKK
MITCHY BRINING BACK THE STACHE
The. Best. Song.
IF THEY WOULDVE KISSED OML
Favorite song so far!!
OMG THIS VIDEO IS EVERYTHING
GUYGUYGUYGUY?????
Omg! I love u ❤️
I just screamed
Love it !!!! <3
YALL AINT FUNNY WITH THAT LAST PART
Brilliant !!!
Is that Janet?
GUY.EXE  Want it now!!!! PLEEASE!!!
Janet saying GUY/GUY/GUY? hells yeah.
W H Y
I Love!!! 💘💘💘💘
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww KISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Wow another Bop
OH FRICK THAT ENDING THO
Mitchy you look killer in this outfit--that fits you. Scotty you look like you couldn't find pants and a jacket that fit you. Love the threads just not the fit. :-) BKK
Move To The google search And Type: *gamesecrxguide instagram* This is undoubtedly the only working insta h@ck tool working from this month. Dont waste your entire time on some other specific tools
THE LADY AT THE BEGINNING LOOKS JUST LIKE JANET FROM THE GOOD PLACE
hmm i think mitch and scott never will raise like pentatonix before, it was my opinion
Why...? Just why...!?
My cousin Petunia won!
If anybody has any doubt about darci's actual talent purely as a singer go to 2.25. That was simply unreal! I believe she never displayed her full singing skills on stage because a lot of her focus went into the ventriloquism and general acting. But had she entered as a singer I think she could still have given Angelica a run for her money!!
Oh that was so much fun to watch!! :D
wow I love ventriloquism
Darci and Paul. That's like all I'm waiting for
how can they pronounce the M, it's so. B too, and P. god that's talent
here after she won
Who else thought of Brent Rivera's intro at 0:18I hope i'm not alone.
When they where talking about simon it sounded more like Mel bs wedding day.
MEL B IF YOU SEE THIS I LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU LIKE IF YOU AGREE!
they're brilliant! she's so young and creating such a character effortlessly come to life. very talented.
Now I want to see her in THE VOICE because she got THE VOICE
she forgets the opening lyrics at 1:44 (should have been Anything you can do i can do better)  but how well terry covers up without a glitch.
How do you do that?!? I do you make the m and p sound without moving your lips.
I'm so proud of you Darci Lynne congratulations on your win in the finals good luck in Las Vegas.
I love that she won
They are both amazing!!
I think she's awesome! I am glad that she won!
Nos estados unidos têm isso aí, aqui temos as crianças cantando as putarias do funk.
Uau que demais, que fantastico kkkk
Petunia will be singing Nessun Dorma soon
Did Darc screw that song up at the beginning?  Sure sounded like it.  Not picking on her... just saying.
At 1:44 she said anything I can do it
Did Winston say wow I just spit???
Why does he have his left hand in his pocket?
and Paul Zerdin should be proud of that girl too
I am not as good as them but I hope to get to perform with them one day \nhttps://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=_PB1_OcS30s
I hope I can hear her voice in animation movie!
Anything i can do you-
Congratulations Darci Lynn, you are fantastic and you will go far. \nThe other act were awesome 2.👏🏻
I cried  when i fpude out that she won
Sub to my channel
I saw this live on my tv
Better Subcribe Too....\n\n\n\n\nAmerican got talent!! For the best videos
Is it just me, or do the black stars with the pink outline in the background look like Yugi's hair?
Congratulations Sweetheart on winning Darci ~ so thrilled for you- your star 💫 is definitely on the RISE!
Anything I can do you............................................NO YOU CAN’T
2:53  *Drinks water bottle with the cap on*
Would have been better to have had Terry having a face microphone like Darci...
now wait a minite is this seame street or agt_
Omg, I just found out that she lives in my town and goes to a school really close to me.
They should have all past winners come back again to create a harder competition
Go To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide snapchat* This is without a doubt the purely working snapchat h@ck tool working these days. Please don't waste your entire available free time in some other applications
I love the fact how terry is better and experience but let her shine...
Only after watching this vid for the fifth time did I notice the mistake. So happy for Darci she won, she so professional already.
*i covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. Thank youu*
She so screwed up the first line, but very well recovered and was a great performance, says so much about her
i think she forgot the first line to the song
Not only a pair of delightful and accomplished ventriloquist entertainers, but they both have really good singing voices, too!
I voted for Darci all the way. The right person won.
The bunny messed up @1:42.
1:44 Darci messed up the words
ohh that was Karli
Messed *
오
Nice one darci
So funny lol :D
1:48 nice save
Wowww just wowww
Darci Lynne and Terry Fator Deliver An Unbelievable Performance
😘
1:45 is a mistake
Did darci hiccup in the beginning ?
qwertyuioplkjhgfdsazxcvbnm\
Just...just, DAW! ❤️
Fantastic
What happened did Dacri trip her tongue?
Is their microphone broken
hahahaahahaha...please like my comment...
Uau darcy i love you
Love it
Amazing!
Woah
Yeah Daric won Agt
love you darcy!!
Awesome job
Wow...... simply amazing
❤💕❤💕💖💖💖💖
Simon got roasted at 1:05
You are fantastic🏅🎖🥇🏆⭐️🌟✨⭐️🌟⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⚱️🔑💰💰💰💰💰💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💰💰💰💰💰💵💵💳💳💳💳💎💎💎💎💎💴💴💴💴💴👰🏼👑👑💎💎💎💎💎💶💶💶💶💶💶💷💷💷💷💷🎇🎆🎇🎆🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠
2:24😍how??
Her mouth movement was almost nil, she ONLY MESSED UP during that final performance with Terry Fator -- probably because she was super nervous about being up there with him, and it being the BIG NIGHT! She fumbled a few words JUST A LITTLE -- of no consequence -- during her last COMPETING performance on Tuesday NIGHT -- again, probably big night nerves. Otherwise she was perfection itself. She is poised, a naturally beyond fabulous singer -- even with her mouth closed! -- and is exquisitely beautiful to boot! Most definitely the right person won!
I don't know why. ANYONE CAN BE TRAINED AS VENTRILOQUIST. There's lots of books and tutorials on how to become ventriloquist.
i'll bet she said things 12 yo girls shouldn't say when she left the stage
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
When I was there, her mic cut off
de lujo
darci you rocked it but angelica you could win this show
I love Darci but I have one question. Did she mess up in the beginning when she started singing??
She messed up at the beginning
Did her mic mess up or did she?
It's sad that this was voted rather than Light Balance
Nigga alive
Why do ventriloquist always win?
1:45 did she mess up?
Hmm.  She's sweet and good.  But this just isn't winner material.  We already had a ventriloquist winner.  Mandy Harvey is far better as a singer, a talent and a story.  Sorry to say it, as Darci is a child, but I mean c'mon.  Really?
I'm sorry, I know she's talented and everyone loves her, but she didn't deserve to win. There were SO many better acts.
Why did she win Preacher is way better
dont get how she won the competition
...this is all that is wrong with this country, we are so dumbed down an entire nation of mindless idiots are enthralled by a creepy little kid playing with puppets, no wonder we are doomed...
*ERROR.EXE* file name: crazy lady not found. *Waves machete and handgun* FILE FOUND.
pussy pass. if that was a man, police would have been called and guy would have been shot
Should have popped her head off with that machete. ! less psycho waste of space sucking my tax dollars dry.
Ah so this is what peaceful protesting looks like. Gotcha.
And, she signed up for every one of Leonardo DiCaprio's Facebook pages, she's his new friend.  His new BFF.\nWhy not just pay me my 18 Million Dollars AFTER TAXES for the Military Art Show in Europe from the 200 Million Dollars you've just designated for stem education because I think that it's Nuclear Fission.
Reminds me of my mom on thanksgiving when someone goes in the kitchen
This woman needs a mental hospital.  Period.
Did she steal those glasses from Sally Jesse Raphael?
I thought feminists hate guns and violence?\n\nAlso what do the Kardashians have to do with Cuba? I spent all night trying to find a correlation and I *STILL* can't figure it out.
At least she's wearing a cool jacket
Had this been a white male they would have called the swat team, covered the story using an angle like  white nationalism is a threat to America and the MSM would have cut to 24 hour coverage and blasted Donald Trump for being the new Hitler. This dumb bitch just gets to pull a gun and machete on people and its like, oh look another pissed off SJW .
She should try eating some vegetables with that machete.
OPEN BORDER'S! MORE DRUGS FOR AMERICANS
Liberalism is a mental disease, folks! Only known cure is a bullet to the brain.
I want to know my much the Kardashians paid her to do that? Good publicity stunt there.
Its not ISIS you guys have have to worry about, its a unhinged Americans with access to weapons.
Holy shit! \n\nLet her go and broadcast the Kardashian's planning a getaway to Havana. \n\nThis nutjob is ready to take one for the team and end the ridiculous Kardashians. \n\nShe is the hero we need.
Ah, and the liberal cuck media gives her a dais
I would fuck her. I fuck anything.
Should be put down, no questions asked.
It's sad watching someone lose their Damn mind.
Awesome trailer for Trump Wars Episode 2 Attack of the Crack
She just wanted a Kylie Jenner lip kit
isn't that the girl from that old reality towing show
This is why we need to band all guns all knifes and all sports equipment that can be used as a weapon ...yes even the butter knifes
Sorry, this just seems staged, yet again, as I find it hard to believe that I'd be comfortable and quick enough to set up the tripod and equipment for such a sudden event.  Sighhh, I'm walking on.
In Texas she would have left the first store in a body bag
She probably has bi polar or some other mental illness.
That's what peak performance looks like
So was she was arrested?
The Kardashians are 10 times more evil than that mentally disturbed homeless woman.  The fans of the Kardashians must be the most wretched people in the world.
BEHIND THE SCENES: She was paid part of the new season KUWTK they need the hype and she did pretty good here
So this is the demon xxxtentacion spawned in his xxl freestyle
44 years of lesbian rage.
Can someone tell my right ear what happened?
That's what happens when you don't get dick since Scarface was in theaters
That’s a big ugly bitch
From the look of her bent nose, somewhere there is someone who was sick of her shit.
😂😂😂 that lady was not thinking at all. Especially with the crack of the ass though. Man someone should have told her to pull up her pant. She needs a hug 🤗 a big one.
This is why we should all have guns so that when we have a bad day or just feel like it. Whip it out in anger and try to cause mayhem
I wonder why the police didn't come shooting? I find this so ironic
What the left is all about.
This bitch is not scary what so ever, even with a machete or gun
Should have shot her.
All the conservatives talking about how shes the crazy liberal but theres terrible people on both sides you guys have alex jones
We will never forget these words.... YOU WANNA FUCKING GEH STAHBBED?!!
That's a star.
Ugh. News is so misleading. That's not a machate...It's a kukri.
This bitch is crazy 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 tf is wrong with her eyelinerrr sisssss
Just an actor paid by the Kardashians to make the show more exciting... If it was a black guy cops would have stormed in minutes and shot him dead.
I'm quite divided on this situation. At first, it seems she's somewhat reasonable, like she wants to kill the Kardashians (or at least protest them) but then she's on the side of advocating communism, so then I'm thinking, no way can I fucking stand such a bitch. All that could please me was her ass hanging out of her pants, but to then turn and look at her nasty dog growl face just killed my boner. I mean, who knows, probably a paper bag over her head could suit this deranged specimen of the festering anus of the United States that is California. But that voice sounds like an elderly woman who had a bit too many smokes growing up, so imagining porking a pussy that reeks of smoke and spoiled mayo isn't what I probably would even sign up for. She might be willing to protest Bush's war campaign against 9/11 if she lived near DC, if that's up her alley way.
I hide my crack in that crack, 🙏
That's a nice kukri to be threatening the kardashians
Hillary supporter in a nutshell
Cocaine's a hell of a drug
Where's the police? I bet if this was a black woman they would have had the entire damn military in the streets but a white woman? Nah lets just laugh and point the cameras.
Somebody should have put that ugly ass b**** down right there
How much did the kardashians pay her to get their names trending on Youtube
Her buttcrack was what caught my attention
It's Taylor swift from the future
She’s just on her period guys..
If she likes Cuba so much she should move there
When they raise the price on twinkies
ANTIFA❗🙌
Crack kills.
0:19 You wanna fuccking get stabbed!! hahaha
Never forget
😨
Crack kills.
FAKE NEWS!!!!
Hey lady CRACK KILLS!!! Lmao 😂
She needs mental help...
Ha...Plumbers butt
Who hurt her
“...communist territory...”\n\nLMAO
Antifa members are funny.
FAKE NEWS
Undertale sweater??
Thats one ugly bitch
She needs some dick
build the walll
Poor lady has problems
Lady needs a blunt ASAP 😂😂😂
jeez censor her ass crack
Fcking liberals
She must have read Scrotie Mcboogerballs.
*'Merica!!!🇺🇸*
Welcome to africa
Dat buttcrack tho
Cover her butt crack
Crazy bitch
That crack is scarier than that beautiful machete
Yikes she got issues😬
Oooo is she single?
Nice crack lady
Ass out, machete out
that crack.
Who cares?
LIBERALS ARE TERRORISTS PLEASE PASS IT ON
*This is the face of Communism!*  Over 2,300+ comments and only 3 acknowledge her Communist tirade about executing anyone who enters Communist territory and to leave Cuba alone, etc. This is the typical *Antifa* footsoldier pawn. Lenin's useful idiots for the greater good.
My cats 17 and still gets playful from time to time
My cat will occasionally play with mouse toys or treat balls but she goes nuts over the fishing rod toy, especially the ones with feathers. Since she's really into anything that flies around I've been thinking of getting a little mini drone so that she can chase it around the house.
My cat keke had a multitude of fuzzy balls.  She would find one and bring it to me and meow till I picked it up and threw it.  She loved playing fetch with it.  She would always bring it back for me to throw again, and again, till I would get tired. HA!
My cat loves to hide in plastic bags and lick them :3
Tsunami loves stick.
My favourite chanel on youtube :-)
não revelei nome\nnão te preocopes
Georgie use to love playing with the red dot laser. Until....he saw the laser in my hand and lost all interest. After that I never got him to play with the red dot laser. No matter what.
One of my cats like fishing rod toys and anything with a bell/rattle. His brother loves to play fetch with crinkle balls.
Strings, this small remote control car I have, boxes, teaser wands with feathers and laser pointers....These are the toys my cat likes! Give him a ball or a catnip mouse and he looks at you like you've gone insane! XD
My cat likes the milk bottle plastic caps  lol
Hahahaha! 😂😂😂😂💜💕🐾 Thanks for the laugh!
my tuddy doesn't  seemcto wantvto play with ANYthing.....😕😕😕😕😕
😸😸😸
😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
Nicky ❤️
PMSL 100%
Cats and babies= angels.
e i sottotitoli?
🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱
Im watching simons cat since 2011
hey nice video
We love the laser toy at our house, but we must enforce share-time. Our black lab loves the laser toy too and goes so crazy the cats are in peril of death as she runs frantically into their laser game. We have had to make our dog wait and watch will the cats get to play with the laser toy. Then in a few minutes it's the dog's turn and the cats back off into a rough circle to watch her craziness. We have never ended the laser game by landing the dot on another toy for the cat's to feel success. Good idea we will try next time.
One of our cat's favorite games is for him to initiate by doing the little war-dance hop down the hallway, stop at the end and wait for you, then you raise your arms and chase him yelling ooga booga booga! The last part is, apparently, important, as he has decided that noise is a signal that you really are just playing, and that he is allowed to chase back when you start to move the other way. Unfortunately, even though he loves strings, we've had to forbid them as he tries to eat them.
I am so glad your still around :) these r funny and just resubbed :) was watching these when u first made an account but life got in the way.
my cat LOOOOVES small balls made from aluminium foil. Damn, she can play with them all day long. I have them everywhere
My cats are gumps
I had a cat who learned within a minute where the laser pointer was coming from and if you turned it on, he would look at it and promptly walk over and smack it out of your hand.
I thought our cat was the only one that kept hitting bouncy balls under the fridge and lounge.
Oh, I shouldn't use my hands when they're kittens?\n...\n...\n.... I think I just like to suffer.
My old and usually very docile Bengal attacks my legs if I don't let him catch the string toy fast enough. He thinks that is teasing him, while I just think he needs exercise.  Usually I humor him 'cause I don't want him to feel teased.
Land Development Model - An Appraisal & Valuation Tool http://bit.ly/2xymQH1
I can watch the lazer skit 20 times and laugh each time. 😸
My cat fetched sticks from our garden and brings them inside. She always meows loudly, to show off what she's brought us 😛 and then we play with her with those sticks. Cheap and fun 😂
My cat likes the laser light, but she loves the plastic caps from soda bottles. She could play fetch with those all day. She had a certain type of toy mice that she would play with, they changed the make of them and she won't have anything to do with them any more. The only actual toy she will play with is the the fishing rod one.  I did have cat that played with the laser for a while, until she found out where the light was coming from and refused to play with after that.
What qualifications do you need to be a cat expert? I want them lol
Just adopoted a 4-year old. Doesn't now how to play, but has not lost instinct to chase. She runs, then hides when she catches something! I think in her former life she was restricted and will take time to lose her fear. PS I can say this in French and Spanish too, but don't know cat.
I bought many toys but Pinky is only intrested for seagull futhers....... So I try to find as many as I can every summer to have stock for the winter.!!!
1:15 ... a cat called Nigel ...?\n\nYay!\n\n... and he is a cutie ...
My cat, Eleanor, has a fishing rod toy that she loves. It has a stuffed Millenium Falcon that she loves to pick up and drag around when she wants to play, or cuddle when everyone is sleeping. :)
My cat, Minnie, used to love playing with the laser pointer. Her favorite thing to do was when I would circle it around her and she would spin around and around so fast that she'd lose her balance and fall over. Once she stopped being dizzy, she would run after it.
Always supervise play with a string. A cat can swallow string and injure the intestines as it passes.
Love all of the Cat Logic pieces.  Thanks so much for educating us!!!  Purrrrrrrrrrr
My cat loved crushed up bits of foil.  Used to throw them up the stairs and she would chase the foil ball as it fell and bounced down.  Really enjoyed this video Simon, thanks.
10/10, would invite the vet to dinner
my kitties love the little plastic strip that comes off the dry cat food bag. there's a piece of string that i throw away because, as they do love the string, they tend to try to eat it, and i don't want them to choke on it. but, the little plastic strip is fun for them because it makes a little sound when i wiggle it on the floor, and they can play with it by themselves and have a wonderful time. the only thing is, with more than one cat, they can sometimes 'fight' over it. they also love those little mice that have catnip inside them.  =^..^= *meow*
My cat LOVES empty toilet paper tubes! He shreds them and leaves bits of soggy cardboard pieces for me to pick up later. Also, he loves watching me play find my toys he hides them, STARES AT ME FOR HOURS.... until I get his toys from under the couch or fridge!😸🐾🐾🐾🐾🐾
The laser pointer WAS Hugh's favourite toy?  Did he pass away?
My cat loves to attack my computer screen whatever moves, including this video.\n\nBut, her favorite toy is probably a straw. That's about it. xD
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Both my ragdolls love to play with wand/feather toys,  small mice shaped toys and brown packing paper.   With the wand toys they jump really high.
Once,  when  folding  the bed sheets the cats thought it would be  fun to jump on to them while being folded by two persons. Now we have to hide to fold them or else they'll  want to jump onto them. So now we have an old sheet and sometimes we take it out for them to play. They love to jump into it and run all over it and climb it as well. We hold the ends up high as if it was a hammock. They just go crazy.  I wear  thick working gloves cause they turn mad climbing right up to my hands.
My cat Syd is amazing he follows me absolutely everywhere in the house and does the same thing with the laser pointer the button on it rattles  and the second he hears it he goes bananas
Very nice video and wunderful hints. Our cat maja love strings as a toy also. Here is her video. https://youtu.be/_MJkkgRg240
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Why do I attract lunatic cats that look absolutely crazy
Ah! My cat loves most play but her favourite is also a piece if string or the laser toy! She reacts just like Hugh! :-) I rattle the key ring & she comes darting out from wherever she has been! If it's not playtime & I'm just trying to move the toy from one place to another I have to pick it up super carefully or the smallest little sound from it has her darting ahead wanting to play! :-D
My cat loved pens! I would just leave them on the bed/floor/chair and he would grab, play with and carry around, the other cat I had love foil sweet wrappers crushed into balls. She was even trained t fetch them.
also please have an indoor-only cat :(
I just like how in the end Nigel just rests on her lap lol
I have the exact same white string.  I can get all the cats to come running if I start dragging it around.
Nigel looks like a cat I know named Airies.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
What if the cat just isn't interested in play/exercise? Our cat will play for a few minutes sporadically, but usually just looks at us as if to say: Really? What are you doing? He's an indoor Maincoon/Norwegian Forest (very large normally), we have several different style/types of toys, but still just... nothings. Tips/Advice?
Be careful with the laser pointers! Cats have very sensitive eyes! They also can get frustrated because they can't catch something. See here: http://www.einfachtierisch.de/katzen/katzenhaltung/laserpointer-fuer-katzen-gefaehrlich-oder-grosser-spass-id37737/
No need to buy toys for cats. They will play with just about anything.
OMG My Siamese cat LOVES to play with string, but once he swallowed one and puked it back up, so we rarely let him play with string anymore. It was kinda funny though, but he possible could have choked or other bad things could have happened so that was sad.
My cat Popper found a small strip of foam weatherstripping when we were insulating the house for winter. He was obsessed with it..we nicknamed it Mr. Strippy and Popper played with it constantly.  Eventually it got lost, but when we offered him a new one he was not interested.\nAnother cat of ours, Blackbeard, was absolutely terrified of an stuffed catnip mouse we had. One of our other cats managed to rip it open and pull out the catnip and stuffing. Well, once it was no longer stuffed, Blackbeard loved it. He would carrry  Flat Mouse everywhere, even when he was eating or sleeping. One day I was vacuuming and got a little too close to Flat Mouse and sucked him up. Blackbeard sat by the vacuum and cried until I opened the bag and retrieved Flat Mouse.
My baby loved her loose fur. After brushing, she started play with fur and it would become hair ball. I found tens of them under the fridge :-)
*i love cats*\n-I love cats-\nNo dogs\nWait.....\nYou know what?\n*i don't know*
During the winter when my cats can't go outside, Jasmine likes to take a ball with a bell in it, drop it down the basement steps and chase after it. She'll carry it and bring it up stairs again until she's bored.
My cat started having brief seizures from the quick movements of the laser pointer so we no longer use it. Also, always put string away so your kitty won't swallow it.
dear simons cats dad !!  my cats are indoor cats ans have about 40 toys !!   can you tell me why my male cat who has been done  likes to hump me every night on my arm befiore he goes to sleep !!
My cat is weird the fishing rod cat toy my tuxedo Bristol doesn't like the furry end he likes playing with the stick he will actually grab it out of my hand and start wrestling around with it🙄🤔
SIMON...PLEASE PLEASE ...make more of your cats adventures videos...I do like the ones with the vet, but I have rewatched all your oldie goldies...thank you for all your videos
Can you address socialization for cats in the same home? When are they fighting, when are they playing, when are they the same?
Your cat behavioral expert is so hot! Please show her more!
Buster  liked the clear bic pens the made a lot of noise on the wood floor.
I love this cat
I taught my cats no bite and no nails....they either use no nail or bite or do it very gentle. All 5 do this!
keep up the great work
String / shoe lace with the know works well doesn't it?! My cat likes ribbon too.
My 1 year old black cat, Samantha (good name...she's a terror...lol) absolutely loves a yellow stuffed dog toy. She carries it around in her mouth, and when she wants me to play she drops it on top of my foot. Then we play catch the moving toy. She tugs on it like a dog, shakes it like a dog, and fetches it. Then her other favorite toys are marbles! She LOVES to chase marbles (she has about a dozen scattered about) and in the middle of the night I hear her chasing and hitting the marbles. If one goes under a dresser or the fridge, she meows and meows until I get it out for her. we also play the hiding game. When we lock eyes, I quickly hide my eyes between a chair or my bed, and she sneaks up on me to lock eyes w me again. I hide my gaze and she jumps up on the bed to attack me playfully. She is SO much fun!
My cat Loki loved a rolled up piece of foil. Eventually I had to take it away from him because I noticed sparkly poop in the litter box. Oops!
Our ferret's favourite toy was our tabby, Loki.
My 7 month old Zaya loves to play. She likes most toys but she seems to prefer homemade toys. And she loves to play fetch!! My Meeka doesn't play with toys. But they both love the red dot from the laser toy! I have a video on my channel of my kitties and the red dot. ❣ 🐾🐱🐾❣
My cat loves feather toys the only problem is she trys to eat them to much
My cat tickles um well he likes to cuddle with only not anyone else and also he  rarely plays but when he does his rlly cute because hid cheeks give his cuteness away he is part British shorthair
I've spent lots of money on cat toys. Jack always winds up playing with the rubber band off the news paper. He doesn't chew it, he just bats it around until he's worn out or my wife makes me pick it up.
Get a cheap hollow plastic ball that is the same size as a table tennis ball. Cut it in half and it's the perfect shape and size for a cat to pick up in it's mouth. Start flicking it around and see if your cat will play fetch.
My cat is evil he plays with mice till they die then leave it alone
My cat loves one of those plastic poppers, since its like a half ball it moves weirdly. He loves it!
My cat takes litterally anything, string,dust,ANYTHING! Its best. toy. EVER.
It was very easy to teach our cats to play with us directly and not damage us. As soon as they use their nails, stop, say ow! with a crying lilt in your voice,  and touch the paw that caused the problem. They learn very quickly. Now our cats even play rake (with their hind legs) our arms using only their pads when we tickle their belly. Same with biting: just stop moving (don't pull away) and say Ow!. Obviously it requires overriding your immediate response as well; pulling away from a claw or bite does more damage (to you) than just freezing. It makes play much more enjoyable for both of us rather than simply using a toy.
I always have played with my cats using my hands to teach them to be gentle with their teeth and claws. I teach them to be gentle by giving them a command as soon as they bite or use their claws and even more better if you can catch it before it happens. Once i know the cat understands the command i slowly stop using the command until it becomes second nature to the cat not to bite down hard or use their claws on humans.Reason why i do this is sometimes even thou you may watch them very carefully around kids, accidents do happen. So i've taught every cat i have owned to be gentle. If you do not introduce them to be gentle with hands, they will not learn how to be gentle when kids or stranger hands touching them.  \n\nAlso i suggest to put away any string or fishing rod toy that dangles in the air or any small toys when you can not watch your cat. Fishing toys can be dangerous too. I had one experience with my cat who love fishing toys. One day i was holding her fishing rod toy it in the air. She jump down from her cat tree running full speed and jump for the fishing toy and the rope accidentally wrapped around her front leg. I am glad when i felt the tug in my hand i let go. I could see her licking her front leg and shoulder blade for couple of minutes and shaking her front leg. I brought her to the vet just in case. Vet said nothing too serious with her leg. Probably just a slight pull but nothing to be concern about. However since that incident she never wants to play with any type of fishing rod toy, she runs away from that toy now.
My cat is partially blind. Any tips on how to play with a blind cat who has no access to the outdoors?
My cat ate a bee what do I do?!?!
Unfortunately, my cat ignores the string/sock/rolled up paper and thinks my hands are the toy!
I tried to pet a cat once,  got like 10 scratches on my hand in like a sec...... The reason I prefer dogs.
I've stopped buying my cat toys bc she prefers balled up pieces of paper to play catch with. She recognises the sound of me balling up paper and gets ready to play. I love her, she's so playful :)
They're adults, they're screaming like little Georgies, I'm 13 and I'm quiet as giant pennywise
That is just sad....
I don't get why everyone jumped out of there seats I'm 13 and I just sat in my seat........didnt flinch
Bro I'm so glad I wasn't there
Ok movie was fantastic but not that scary
I saw it it was not scary
It good ass movie but come on it not scary at all
The movies wasn't even that scary, these people are all pansys
Oh please. This movie was not scary at all.
when I went to see it everyone was mostly laughing then screaming...there alot of funny parts.
Wow there adults im 9 and i enjoyed it instead of screaming
It wasn't even that scary.it was more creepy then scary.
the movie wasn't even scary.
I’m twelve I watched and I only got jumped scared once and that’s when Beverly turned around and pennywise caught her
Wow fucking pussies, i would be so pissed if i was in this crowd, i want to enjoy the movie not your godamn screams, and the movie is not that scary
If people r 😱 scared why didn't they just leave 🤷🏾‍♀️
IT'S NOT EVEN THAT SCARY!!!
Enserio, cuánto le pagaron?
awesome
im a good shet the movie  that i watched was 2-p[3iou[2ip3o1u2[8031824 coolrigt
Comment chart of this video :3\n\n80% saying the movie is not scary and that the vid is fake\n10% Comparing The two ITS\n5% random links.\n5% gay fucking shit thats being said
Na minha cidade quase ninguém tomou esses sustos no dia que eu assisti
GUYS they are sooo scared because an clown(not the actual)came you can clearly see at 00:26
The movie produced an uneasy feeling through out, but wasn't scary in the sense of a slasher ghost film to be screaming like this (let's face it even those movies aren't scary at all) what I loved was that it didn't focus on jump scares. It had great character development, and this version the acting was great and focused a lot more on coming of age film (which I found refreshing) for such a creepy book. With some very creepy moments. Had a great mixture of heart mixed with horror. These people are trying way to hard and most likely didn't savor the film. Just focused on getting attention for themselves! If you all haven't seen this yet, go in with the mindset that you'll be watching a drama film, with wonderful acting and characters, with some creepy moments here and there.
WTF really?? The movie wasn't even scary. It was definitely entertaining, worth my money and time but it was no where near as scary as how they make out to be. Typical white girls screaming at everything.
IT was not scary at all like dafuq are they doin?
honestly i loved the movie, but i was not scared ;__;
Lmao everyone in the cinema I was at was either quiet or laughing  tf
Im gonna see the movie\n*After the video*\nMan, fuck this shit im gonna download this from Internet
What's with the autistic crowd ?
I'm twelve and didn't scream once
I'd pay extra for a movie theater to have set balloon pops and physical thrills like this :D
funny if it was me I would have scream and then thrown my soda at him and tackled him
It's just the loud pussyass women screaming
The only creepy scene was the flute lady
It was not that scary....went home n slept like a baby lol but movie was good
We all float down HERE.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou'll float, TOO.
I swear to god if a nigga start screaming like a lil bitch at my theaters imma have to beat his ass
the movie was amazing but not that scary. I flinched at a few jump scares but mostly i laughed cuz it was so funny. I don't think anyone in the audience screamed
Let me be he first to say that I saw the movie and it was actually really shIT.
It's not even scary 😂
This movie was scary but these people are wussy lol.
I'm 7 and i w
Where i saw it no one screamed at all
Watched it today...it was shit...no plot...
Lmao this is so fake. When I went to see it, everyone was laughing at the way he runs, jumps, etc. Especially during the dance scene.
These white people are dumb
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I did not find this movie the least bit scary it was funny af. However, these reactions are true. People next to me in cinema kept screaming at every scene. Girls tend to get scared more easily I swear -.-
Does it show how he kills him ?
I haven't even watched it.... but this is on my recommended
It would piss me right off if i had to sut through a film with that lot freaking out & screaming like that😩
Well, I guess my voice was the only thing you heard if you watched the movie with me... *Screaming like crazy*
I would hate to watch it with these people
Tbh it wasn't that scary
I'm the only one who will not see this movie 👍🏻👍🏻😭
dear god! that'show i felt when i saw the movie yesterday
The  it  movie was not scary what so ever more so comedic
Seen the film and the reaction was nothing like that.  This is way over the top!
Oh my God my little brother is 12 and he didn't scream or piss himself
It was a great film, but it wasn't that fucking scary
Mate. The only time a genuine and freaky reaction ever occurred in a movie theatre was when the exorcist was out.
25 seconds in you can see a clown scaring people at the back
I hope the movie is scary because I'm seeing this tomorrow and it will be my first time seeing a horror movie in theatres so I hope either a clown scares people in the theatre or the movie is really scary plus it is already scary because I hate clowns.
God, fuck you if hold a balloon up in the pictures.
You'll float too you'll float too you'll floats to You'll float too YOU'LL FLOAT TOOOOOO!
The movie want even scary
At least make it look real
The film was scary but it wasn’t to the point where I or anyone would audibly scream so either this is fake or they got a bunch of easily scared people and said we will pay you to see it
I think they were paid to scream.
Standard film over hyped money spinner this film wasn't one bit scary these audiences members must live sheltered lives to be scared of that shit
When I went to watch this movie last week,   there was at least 35+ people in the cinema and literally no one screamed. The movie isn't really scary just abit jumpy and really creepy.
Bruh the movie wasn’t even scary it was funny tbh
I'm 9 I watched it didn't jump
work at a IR for a minute and you get more experience of horror that that
Like ever other lame horror movie, this one used loud noises to make you jump, but it wasn't scary. It would have been a better movie if it wasn't trying so hard to be scary.
Can clearly see them look behond themselves. Obviously someone having to force a scare out of them
You do realize they are all screaming cause a clown is running round in the cinema. E.g. 27 seconds you can see a hand reaching out trying to grab someone.
Best thing I've seen in a while
Cinema full of pussies, looking at the audience in this film makes me want to reel back in fright, bunch of fugly cunts.
If someone sat infront of me whit a damn balloon they'd fucking float too
How are they screaming?! Like. The only time I screamed, was when I was laughing too hard.
Obviously none you know what the purpose of IT is. IT is not meant to be scary or have jumpscares. IT is suppose to completely freak you out and make people go home to not be completely scared, but more aware and to have nightmares. Movies nowadays has got it stuck in peoples head that since it's a horror movie it has to be scary and it has to have jumpscares, but what IT does is totally separate from any other horror movies out there and that is that IT makes you wonder and the crew knows that the unknown is this scariest thing to alot of people. Just wanted let most you guys know what IT was created for, the director and creator of IT says this.
Either this is fake or the people in the vid are the biggest pussies ever
You'll float down here if your either supernatural or lighter than water
It wasn't this scary lol
Jesus christ everyone at my theater didnt even FLINCH
IT - Full 2017 * https://plus.google.com/102944905970659999676/posts/erMMKc1qLZf
It wasnt so scary WTF pus****
Overreacting
White people
Over exaggerating peeps
tengo 11 años y yo no me asuste a si jaja
Fuckoutahere
wasn't that scary tbh lol, Amazing film nonetheless.
People are pathetic
que pendejos estan estos
This lying dude is back
Fake af
BEST MOVIE OF 2017
why drag race with automatics
Where is Buggati, Lambo, Koenigsegg, Pagani, SSC Ultima Aero, BMW ?
Tesla, kicking ass and taking names!!
Rimac concept S next year?
Audi R8????
You guys forgot lambo
No DEMON!! Whhaaaa
No Dodge Demon?
No hellcat or mustang? Wth
holy fuck tesla
1:48 beautiful Camaro
What? No demon or hellkitty? Pussies
Finallly!
No Demon?
And Ford GT??
GTR gang
Demon???
Demon?
BS
No honda or ford?
*This video is fucking awesome!!!*
That tesla sounded sick
No Viper ACR :' (
i hope next would be the world most expensive greatest drag race ever\n918spider-Laferrari-konesegg Regera- chiron- P1-Centenario-
wow I can't believe it. Tesla is World's Fastest Sedan?
488 runs faster then 10.6 in 1/4 mile rigged race fucking Americans and there tesla hype
FAKE PROPAGANDA VIDEO. JUST LOOK FOR YOURSELF THE ACTUAL 1/4 MILE TIMES FOR THESE CARS.
I really would like to see tesla developing an electric supercar near to hypercar's characteristics. Do you imagine that sh*t?! The model S P100D its just like an electric familiar supercar, but what would happen if tesla start to work and develop a really supercar with crazy desing and crazy electric power...
Couldn't you have put an Aventador sv
Where is 2017 ford gt?!?!
Love the production value in these new videos
U guys should do a jdm drag race!
I’m already ready for number 8 !!!!!!!!!
the moment you click the video and see no drag queens.....🙁
Notice how Porsche and Ferrari let off the throttle... not making excuses
fair test my ass, no way in hell the tesla won!
For the past six years, these races have been done in a 1/4 mile, yet because Tesla, this race needed to be a 1/2 mile long. Some of you bitching, need to eat your skittles.🙄
I was really hoping to see The Dodge SRT demon and the Bugatti Chiron👌 I guess we got to wait until next year 😒
Wait what, i can believe Tesla win. now the Godzilla lost this year.
if this would've been a mile or half a mile the gtr  would've blasted in front of everyone
Man this weenie isnt representing any of us, and he's wearing a maintenance badge pff,  dudes totally a desk jockey point dexter. Also a maintainer, active duty for the last 5 years and counting, before someone to hit me with some BS.
Thanks for the video!  from  dyrectory.com - business directory.
Where is the dodge demon.
lol how about giving every car a fair shot. Every car has an automatic transmission except the two chevys hahaha. I’m willing to bet both of them would have done better if they weren’t manual vs all autos. Chevy put A LOT of time and are very pleased with there new transmissions. And no I’m not a Chevy fan boy just believe in fair testing. I am a 911 turbo s fan boy tho lol
would have loved to seen the dodge demon in this
Are these all optimal conditions? From tuning to tires to the driver.. just sayin
My money was on the Tesla, no surprise but it's so funny a 4 door car beat a Ferrari lmfaooo
So many great cars were missing in my opinion!
Some of these cars need a driver mod.  I don't care which car,  ( libermans holeshot suckes)   I just want to be the mod..   This would truly be the worlds greatest drag race if viewers drove the cars....
Idk why but i got a bit mad that the tesla won...
why wasn't a audi in the race? the audi r8 could out run all those cars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
when they make a 2 door lightweight carbon fibre bodied super car tesla, this race would be fair ;)
Why was the corvette grand sport in this instead of the Z06!!!???
I was hoping for a Lamborghini
This is so not true! Porsche 918 would of taken Tesla in this rase, it is faster with 880HP Combined HP...Also McLauren P1 and LA Ferrari... crying shame, Motor Trend lost all credibility, i wonder how much E. Mosk paid for this...
What happened to the demon
So they take the absolute top dog for Tesla and put it against some other companies mid-ish range cars? Seems fair, gotta suck up to Tesla. Don't get me wrong, I like what Elon is doing and think he is brilliant but come on. Where is the McLaren 720, LFA, etc. I would include the GT2 but it isn't out yet but would love to see it since the Turbo S is the only thing that can hang with the Tesla off the line.
If World's Greatest Drag Race 8 doesn't have the Ford GT, I will lose all faith in Motor Trend
Why no dodge demon?! All that talk I wanna see how it stacks up in what it's literally made to do... a quarter mile
I don't think that tesla is stock lol. Also, why didn't they use a Z06
Should really start doing 1/2 miles races and do the 1/4 mile spilt from r reference.
I know the tesla won, but i would take a petrol car like a gt350 or gt40 any day
I wanna see these cars in a road course test
Terrible drivers. No way that piece of shit Tesla would win otherwise.\n\nOnly faggots like electric cars.
gotta run the challenger demon in one of these
Disrespectful to not have a mclaren 720s there.
Fake if you watch closely they are fakers so many times cars changed position. Don't believe watch the race many times and you will start to notice it more and more
Yeah but elerlctric? Just isn't right...
I wish the dodge demon was there
I'm so disappointed they didn't have tha Bugatti in this
Wonder how much juice was left in the Tesla...would it be able to get home without an hour of charging after a 10 second race? 😂
why didn't they do launch control
Kinda disappointing that they didn't get a Focus RS for this years race. I had high hopes they were going to have it.
Where's the 840 hp demon?
Where was the Dodge Demon?
No Demon? or even a Hellcat?
Should of put a ZO6 in stead of a grand sport
That fucking Intro is better then any of the Fnaf Intros bruhh
I’m shook of how ridiculously fast that Tesla is😳
I wonder where AR12 is in the comments?
Bring back the Ford Mustang for World's Greatest Drag Race 8!
Again, another waste of youtube space with a load of mis-matched cars. instead of the base model GS they should have used a Z06, the lexus don;t even belong in this category, and they should have substituted that POS with a Challenger Demon or even a Hellcat. leave it up to motortrend to screw up as always.
Tesla win....the future is grey to me
Who was driving the Camaro. Go with the 10 speed ZL1 and watch half the field fall behind. Bullshit 6 speed. Everything else was paddle shift or auto.
That’s what happens When Mazda call his big brother
What is crazy to me is the CAMARO is keeping up with all these super cars!! AMAZING
So you emphasize the runway is just about 3 miles long to then only run a 1/4 mile race....LAME.
Can't wait to wait a year to watch the demon win this
Why wasn't their a hell cat?
The first TESLA cars are beating the last and most refined ICE cars. NICE!
AND the tesla was stock. Imagine a stripped down version
The Camaro looks like a Toyota Corolla at first glance.
Tesla all the way
What Tesla has done with the electric car is truly revolutionary. It's a very positive thing for all of us! Have a serious think about where this leads humanity. If you feel the need to hate or disagree with Elon Musk's plan, at least do some research and really think about what this means for the planet earth and how our children will live. You also may want to look at cities in China and India to see what our future might look like without this technology.  80% of all cities have worse air quality than what's considered healthy.
Fuck it going to buy a tesla and start racing for money at the drag races meet ups
DID THE TESLA ACTUALLY WON???😰
I already knew the tesla would win
Very impressive performance by Tesla.  And it burnt all of the dream machines????  Hmmmm.
I knew the tesla was fast but not that fast
Tesla? Try to come up with a V6 block without any onboard generators or electric motors that is faster than the NISSAN GTR. \n\nOnly the wise and passion filled would pick the NISSAN GTR.
Continue the simulation by entering the Kurzgesagt Reality: https://youtu.be/tlTKTTt47WE
Very interesting once again jake!!
But if we're simulations,then we must worship the creator or do whatever we want
The idea of a god is ridiculous but we are a simulation.... Atheists...
Even if this was a simulation, so what?  What does that change about how we live our lives?
Shout out to Jay Pellizzi for that music at the end. That some good 80's synth...as in synthetic
why am I watching this right before bed
I have never seen so many teens yapping pseudo-intellectual thoughts as in this comment section. The video was ridiculous as well. Unsubscribed.
i love how i only just recently found Kurzgesagt and now they're doing a video with the vsauce ive known and loved for awhile and even though im new i immediately recognized the voice of Kurzgesagt
hay vsause3,how much kinetic energy did the guards experience when quicksilver tap them in the mouth
The dude that simulated me must have hit random on character creation
Man this guy sure has big room! Id' love to see the rest of his house!
Your where in a simulation inside a simulation inside of another simulation. Now I know the recipe for concentrated darkmater.
Being ran * btw you have a creator. And there was no big bang. The Earth is a toroidal plane where that which is above is also below,  just the manifestations of Yin and Yang... The flat Earth symbol.
How does one code/create 8 billion+ separate simulations for the earths individuals, while keeping their perception and space consistent with one another? \n\nWhen a baby is born is that the work of our simulators, or ourselves? What determines the new simulation/ experience that that new human will have?
Have you heard about god? Its kinda possible if you try to understand about god *duh
Last night I glitched through a wall, the guy who programmed my world must be one of the CSGO devs lol
So what is birth?
Actuall the argument of Neil deGrasse Tyson makes no sense. Assuming that we are in a simulation because there are so many simulations that the chance of living in a simulation is far bigger than being the first civilisation which created the others. We do not have simulations of other beeings and therfore we would be the last simulated civilisation in that imaginary chain, which would be same likelyhood as being the one which created the first civilisation
I just might be in the Chicago experiment from Divergent.
yo imagine they are running a simulation of past to fix something😯😯😯
so its a simulation\ninside a simulation\ninside a simulation
Go watch The Thirteenth Floor. Brilliant film, deals with this sort of stuff.
+Vsauce3\nYo ummm I have a widows peak as you do and I am gonna go bold pretty quick, what should I do. I'm guessing you have the same problem lmao
We are all just in ricks car engine
I hate how you guys pause before the last word in some sentences.
could be they simulated it from the big bang with the laws of physics programmed to match their own to see how a similar life form would evolve
So, we could be a simulartion, inside a simulation, inside a simulation? (get the reference?)
I'm not stoned enough for this
Bugs are real, so this must be simulation.
I love videos that make me have existential crisis
4:31 You mean like a Masturbation Simulator?
Look in to Ed Fredkin, Donald Hoffman.. But Especially Tom Campbell here on YouTube and in their publishings for more on the subject! Consciousness is the computer
I like the kind of Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy approach to this video. Well done.
Well that made me depressed.
If I'm in a simulation then the number Pi is in a simulation, if Pi is infinite then the computer that is running this simulation needs to have infinite memory, making this world impossible to simulate.
What game is at 1:42?
you dont make much sense and often contradict yourself for the sake of making money.\n\nthink of the world still expanding means, taht it is still laoding\n\nwhen VR gets closer to reality the border starts to blue\n\nall this stuff makes no sense, especially as a child, if you are an intelligent one
both videos are part one and part two
so if a tree falls in the woods with noone there to hear it, it really doesn't make a sound!
So we are in simulation world ? Okay so there is no wrong and right  i will go and kill anyone i see infront of me cause you know they will respawn
If we live in a simulated reality, then only your own existence in this simulation is conscious and real, and me or anyone else to you is just another non-conscious scripted NPC. \n\nSo, nope. Why would i have seen such a video breaking my understanding of the simulation?\n\nOnly explanation: humans are often bored and come up with different ideas.
When you go to sleep you log out of the simulation and the dream is the real world.
Love the channel and edits! Thanks for the quality production.\nBut hearing Michael's cadence in another voice is really screwing with my head.
The moment you realize Ubisoft and EA made our simulation.....sad times man
this guy is trying to justify being a psychopath
Best trip I ever had without drugs.
I think, that if we would live in such a elaborate simulation as the world we live in - there would be rules stopping us from starting to think of it as a simulation.
If we were really simulated why would the creators make us think that we are simulated?
basically Descartes with a small twist 400 years late
Cool vid. I'd love to know your thoughts on existential suffering, especially with your recent brushes with cancer
But where are the glitches? Where are the people stuck in floors and rocks?
You're in a simulation of a simulation within another damn simulation
wouldn't the simulation make sense in regarding how subatomic particles react differently when they are being observed versus not observed ? could that not tie into the the whole rendering idea based on the video game computer idea . that only what is real is what we are actually seeing at any given time ? and could not the possibility of parallel universes be explained as parallel simulations ?
So, When I plan to do Something and then forget about it, thats God Canceling my Action?
what role would religion plays in this simulation?
At 2:06 who else thought he was going to try to walk through the wall?
What if sleep is just down time for maintenance and when we wake up we have a new patched version of our simulated reality?
Calling it right now...\nthisi si going to be on YOUTUBE REWIND
It be rough to imagine  this idea. We have organs and guts
And um... ya deja vu ... I swear that just happened lol
No mention  of Terry schott's series the game? It is a great series based around this theory to a point. Very interesting if you like this topic
This simulation: I eat a pie.\nNext Simulation: I eat 2 pies\nThird Simulation: I eat 3 pies\nFourth Simulation: I eat 4 pies, and 5 bananas.\n\n\nSIMULATIONANITI CONFIRMED
Even if we were simulated, it wouldn't really change anything. Reality is subjective, as suggested by the video, and it really doesn't change the idea of creation. We were all still created and brought into existence by a higher power whether it would be God or the Universe. Only this time we would get some insight as to who is this higher power. So I would not call our existence fake but more like an extension of existence.
Hey Jake, how are* you doing?
You could just open your third eye.
Good thing I know I'm real
We might being simulated in order to charge a battery of some sort of spaceship... Who knows...
“the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity”
Did he say sinulation ?
Reality is Poison!
Actually it's not a simulation due to lack of possible motivation of higher species to simulate such a place, if they wanted place for themselves they would make it much more heavenly, aka. without pain/fear/hunger and other flaws. That leaves only option why it would be created, this being a punishment facility however taking awareness of the crime away from the subject of punishment would defeat the purpose in nearly all instances. Contrary to current popular belief simulation theory could be disproven by proving a: universe/multiverse/intertwined combination is infinite and timeless which becomes more than likely with every new discovery or b: There is no such thing as smallest/elemental particle to which again history seems to point.(infinity goes towards infinitely small as well) With discovery of every smallest/elemental particle the scientific community was corrected afterwards by new generation of scientists/technology.
If this is true, then the developers of this game must get tired of watching me rub one out
Soo.... the matrix
I was about to watch this video twice until I realized both videos claim the other is part 2. That has to mean something.
Slow down your speech, sounds like you're rushing a bit
in inspiration from your video game themed vids i would love to see one on an in depth look to what would happen if sub zero froze you
so the world DOES revolve around me. nice
Fake realities create fake humans? So that's why people act so fake all the time
Don't have proof
You know, I've always had thoughts that humanity is simulated. But it doesn't matter if it's a simulation, this is the life I know and there is no changing the fact that this could be a simulation, may as well just live your life as you want. If our simulated bodies have free will then this is in a way reality for us, we make our own decisions and that is what I think is important. Like I said a few sentences ago, it doesn't matter if we have free will or not, this is our life and world.
Love the discussion, but this presenter is absolute cookie cutter of the highest order. It dime a dozening
My head hurts
Plato != Play-Doh
tiege hanley
Yeah.\n\n\n\n\nSeriously
No
Kricksgezaggt?
Oh dear...
Its the illuminati...
INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION INSIDE A SIMULATION
Derealization triggered
What about animals?? LOL
You are not vsauce
well
only GOD CAN JUGE
welp time to kill myself
Mind blown
Super cool to think about
If we were a simulation, our creators would not allow us to believe this world is a simulation.
It pleases me that the length of this video 4:20
One Foot\n\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\n\nNot a soul up ahead and nothing behind\nThere's a desert in my blood and a storm in your eyes\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\nBut I remember the fight and I forget the pain\nI got my hand in your pocket and my key in your chain\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\n\nOh, through the wilderness\nYou and I will walk into the emptiness\nOh, and my heart is a mess\nIs it the only defense against the wilderness?\n\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nNot a soul in the road, not a star in the sky\nIt's a desert in my heart, and nowhere to hide\nI'm your king of nothing at all\nAnd you're my queen of nothing at all\nWell, out here in the dust if you don't have trust\nAin't nothing left of us, this is the exodus\nThey're just testing us, they can't flex with us\nThey can't mess with us, they can't mess with us\n\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\n(Well, out here in the dust)\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n\nCross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\n\n(In the wilderness)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOh, in the so-called 'Land of the Free'\nOne foot in front of the other\nDon't you know that all we have is each other?\nOne foot in front of the other
Simplesmente amei, ficou ótima!! 😍😘\n🇧🇷
Nice hair, Kev
Sick!!
284,137 views ?? really?? very little
Woooooow
It's been too long... well it's not like I follow you guys, I just want to hear the new song
Wow, this is terrible!   I listen to music from the 80's 70's 60's and think wow how great.  The lyrics, the sound and the talent.  Much of the music that is promoted today is just awful.
We waited three years for new music and it was so worth it
BRAZIL LOVES YOU ! I WAS IN ROCK IN RIO CONCERT... YOU ARE AMAZING GUYS !
good video and song keep up the good work would love to see you in concert here in florida could be lots  of fun
How can I press like more than million times?
Just watched you a few weeks ago and now a new song, I couldn't be happier right now
This is everything I hoped for
My teacher's son is in this band, he's the guy singing
1:50 AQUAMAN
The 1975? :D
Y’all remember shut up and dance?!? 🖤 em
The entire time I was watching this music video I was just waiting to see Walter White cooking meth in his underwear
Like si vienes por canal 5 :v
I loved this
WTF are they wearing? LMAO
Move To The google search And then Type: *gamesecrxguide instagram* Now this has been the only working instagram secret working from this month. Please don't waste the available free time in some other specific tools
Good workout song.
fucking awesome!!!!
Nah.
Finally.
The girl in the video is absolutely gorgeous.
So glad these guys are back. :D
They are the best
whats the white stuff on his face?
When Kevin is your cousin :)
nick's legs are just layers of those tight as fuck pants. it's just bones under
Song is alright :) liked their older stuff better
Hey  i make music myself i will appreciate if you can check it out on my YouTube channel thank you.
This sounds EXACTLY like Rich Love by OneRepublic
what the fuck happened to WTM? \n:(\nSounds nice but they've missed something...
No one is going to comment on those french tickler pants??
thank the lord for walk the moon
Why does this have only 266k views after 4 days?  The lyric video for the new U2 single did better than that.
To sofrendo
welcome back!!
Not bad...♡
not fan of the music video but... holly shit... did i just hear the song of the year???
Oh, one foot in front of the other <3
This song is fantastic!!
THis makes my heart so happy!
This is my anthem!
My music teacher used to go to the same high school as Justin
I love walk the mooon <3
Lyric song music is the best 😍\nThis song love life live😍
they are back 😘😘
Video lächerlich :-D .... Mucke eigentlich ganz interessant :-)
omg😱😱😍
Круть крутяцкая!!!
YAAAAA
Incrível 😍💘👄😭
Before 1million
That woman is absolutely beautiful wow
yeah.
Obsessed with this new song!
I don't know.  Compared to their last albums, it's missing something.  That Neo-80 synth sound made them feel unique, but without them going full tilt into that sound, they sound like any run of the mill pop band today.  80's synth seems to be a fad, but by dialing it back they turned it from their sound to just another band following the trend.
U r fuckin underrated man,u deserve much more.
Should be on every Trump supporters phone.  Love it simply perfect for todays world.
This is true fan love. Plz watch & leave comments .\n\nJustin Bieber Special..Fan Love...Must Watch:\n http://youtu.be/wapJbWkndd0
This video is absolutely amazing 😍😍 I am in love
wow
nice..
Fucking yeeeeah!!!
i missed them! <3
Again another hit!!!!! The best band EVER <+>
This is what I call fantastic pop music!!! Fun and dance-able!!! It's not deep but it doesn't have to be!!!
WHAT A WAY TO COME BACK.
FINALLY!!!! There's been a Walk The Moon shaped hole in my life, and this song is a blast!
FINALLY SOME GOOD MUSIC IN THIS YEAR
9.5/10. Not enough shots of Eli.
this song is so catchy! I love it 🙌🏼
Look at Petreezy killing it with that rap section!
awesomeawesomeawesome\nfrom japan fan
Justin Bieber commented and liked my vid ?
NICE
come back brazil again
Heck yee
Anyone else like Sean Paul?
This is so good wtf
this is magic in a song !
Nailed it. Loving this so much, can't wait for more.
“In the so-called land of the free” god I love them
Who's here before 1 million views.
this is really good.. amazing, well done boys👍👏👏👏
been waiting for this for years
Bang bang
MY PRECIOUS CHILDREN HAVE RETURNED YAS
Damn Nicholas outfits. I want!
*alguien que sepa hablar español /spanish* 👯🔊🙏
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT
The comeback is so good\nChannel for guitarist: https://www.youtube.com/user/KellyValleau\nI know a good guitarist I asked him if he could do a guitar version on this song it's so good
I MISSED WALK THE MOON....WHEN I SAW THEY HAD CAME OUT WITH THIS SONG...I LITTERLYED TEARED UP AND JUMPED UP AND DOWN...see my dad told me that they where long gone...ALL MY ARGUING IS OVER
This vide makes me all jumpy and happy :)
Do you think god stays in heaven because he to fears what he created
finally, a love story worse than twilight.
Want a horrible book? Anything by Steven King.
Please review the sequels
Can we assume an internet troll wrote this book about trolling, in order to expand his trolling in to another media form?
Jenny you make my tummy rush in a lurch of, oh wait, never mind, some tums helped.
So that's my problem.  I'm not a creepy sexual harasser!  Huh.
Fun fact: It is correct to capitalise Internet!
I like how she didn't know what 'Only You' was/watching an underage girl discuss weird erotic fiction isn't a crime right?
A trilogy of Troll books?  Sooooo . . . a trollogy?
I thought that The Secret by Rhonda Byrne was the worst book I've read. It was the only book that I've ever wanted to burn, (which of course one must never do). Read the contempt-laden reviews about The Secret, on Goodreads.com.
This is my favorite thing you've ever done. I hope you do more of these.
He was a Troll version of V For Vendetta but he just wasn't very good at the brain washing part.
What's up with the  giant penguin?
I think this book was actually written by JUSTIN! No woman would think that way. Would they? I'm a man and I can't see it happening.
I only watched the video because of the very interesting stuffed animals that you have.  For one, you seem to care enough to have a giant stuffed animal and actually seems two of the same one, a smaller one with a hat. \n\nYou should do a video on your stuffed animals and then another video with commentary on a psychoanalysis of what it means for young women to still sleep with stuffed animals.
Please, do you have more recommendations? I bought it, read it to my girlfriend, and we were cracking up.
Jenny's just jealous. Of the author's skill and the protagonist's steamy romance.
as a internet troll you are saying there is a chance
that big stuffed animal looks like the chacal from sabado gigante. look it up. scary stuff
She is too cute her cute little nose cute voice and cute expressions she is just too cute
So it got pretty good reviews on goodread lol.\n\nBut i trust your opinion the most. Your opinions on entertainment resemble mine closely enough for me to trust them.\n\nBtw. Marry me. :) just TROLLING. Or am i?
Approximately the same quality love story as Twilight.
it sounds like fifty shades of grey, with some one with a mental illness, which I don't approve of because I used to do volunteered dealing with mentally ill people and I'm not impressed when writers use them as a gimik for there plots. being mentally ill is not funny, so writers out there that think that they can use mental illness for your enjoyment, stop.  If you are going to talk about  mentally ill people, DO YOUR GOD DAMN HOMEWORK FIRST!  rant over :(
When she said tummy I laughed so hard I spewed the water I was drinking across the room.
Maybe the actual book is a troll and you feel for it?
le reddit army has arrived *tips fedora* 👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit
That was incredible. Well done on this video!
the porgs dont look impressed with the story.
Ever read Handbook for Mortals? That may be just about as bad as this. \n\n(At end of vid) Actually maybe not...
really good video, glad i found you
You are my favourite youtube star
This book is a cringefest. D: ^^
No book is worse than my Theoretical Calculus book.
Everyone has a fetish and there's a fetish for everyone. Isn't the internet great?
That´s really mean of you.........
I did not notice the PORG till 4 minutes in, that's how much I was enthralled by the story.
I gaped
Open bobs plz
You Ought To Be In Pictures...Jenny
You should see the type of stories in digital novels on Steam. Then you'll know where these 'books' come from.\nAsians. It's not racist when it's true. Look up the developer teams.\nWhich by the way are some of the top selling games on steam. That should tell you something about the our own culture.
FYI Jenny because of your (awesome) comment on the 'star wars is dead' video it's now in the autoplay queue, at least for me. So by pointing out how daft it was you are giving it views. Weird that it works that way.
Emma Clark \n\nMark Camel \n\nMark(C)amel\n\nMark Hamill \n\nLuke Skywalker is the PrinceOfLightAndDarkness aka Genius1 confirmed. \n\nhttp://i.imgur.com/XdLci3I.jpg
Damn, girl. That's a rape fantasy. Emma Clark is not a woman.
you should make more terrible book reviews. it excited me in my belly. hahahaha
Spoilers: The giant Porg unzips itself to reveal a grinning Rich Evans.
Sounds like good book. Something to live by\nI'm taking over your channel baby girl .
Try Ruin and Rule by Pepper Winters for really really bad book
ur are a stegosaurus\n\n(I will never hurt you)
As much as I enjoy your content..THIS! This was a hard watch because of the cringe factor.
You are planning on doing the rest of the trilogy right? I sure hope so
You should sell audiobooks where you read terrible books.  You know, with commentary.
Judge Adkins is the most relatable character in this book.
Pretty much sums up my life\n Lol\n ;  )
I loved the Daredevil movie, both versions. :-D
This is amazing, this is the first video that i have seen of yours and i love it I'm sticking around
Hey Jenny\nHELL-o, I dreamt about you! I dreamt I cheated on my girlfriend with you. I\ndon´t want to cheat on my girlfriend with you, and you sort of looked like a\nmix of a bunch of different gals I´ve found myself attracted to in my life, but\nthe core was you, or your online persona anyway. You project a\nreally asexual vibe, but also really intimate and soft, sitting on the bed\nsurrounded by plushies, talking about star wars and such, such a fangless world\nof illusion and massive, emptying malls you seem to inhabit, Disneyland...\nAnyway, we were in a room similar to my room, with a window overlooking a\ngarden, a big window at night, and the thrill was really in playing this game\nwhere I was seducing you, but you were clearly on-board from the\nstart. There was no dumb coy aspect present, I was being very\ndirect about it, but there was humor in the air. I have to tell you my\ngirlfriend is SOFT, on a tactile level, my mind just ran those sensations when\nI slid into your mouth (it´s the internet, I know it´s not impressive to write\nthings like this, shut up, I´m not trying to impress you). I mean, I know I\ndon´t really know you, and I don´t want to cheat on my girlfriend lol, I´m not\ntrying to harass you or impress you, it was just a really vivid dream and I\nmean, \n\nIt was a\nreally mutual, sort of childish, innocent sequence of acts. Then the dream\nbecame a Fanny and Alexander Christmas thing and you weren´t in it\nanymore, just a bunch of spoiled rich kids asking for blueberries in a huge,\nthick comforting wooden kitchen table. I just thought this would be fun to\nwrite, and, hopefully, fun to read.
Geez, that book does sound really awful indeed. The expressions while reading it made me scared to read it myself. That's hilarious the idea of giving books nobody wants as gifts ha,ha. Love your work Jenny. Inspiring and positive energy you bring to this planet.
You need to do audio books with your honest commentary, that would be the best! lol
Wish Jenny would write a 15 page romance novel then read it aloud in a video.
OMG.  This IS my favorite video now, but please Jenny Nicholson, don't give these people any more money for this monstrous kind of work.
This is the Greatest Channel I've ever seen.
Thank you...now I have to read this book...
This concerns me about self-publishing my own story. It's nothing like this but still...
showed up randomly on my feed. pretty hilarious
Bring back your bad book club series! The one where you and your friends all read chapters of that terrible YA book. Man I wish I'd thought of that idea first.
It's just Justine
I'm four minutes in and this is already such a wild ride.
it's just a shame that you also found out how to YouTube. 🤔
Be honest, Emma Clark is your pen name.. don't try and hide it!
I mean your bed suit
Justin whipped out a submachine gun and poised it beside his devilish head.\n\nHow does this author think guns work?
Jenny has a Porg. But the real question is what exactly is a Jenny :P no but seriously whats a Porg?
Emma Clarke is clearly someone who pictures themselves as Justin
You sexy woman, talk those words to me
You gotta check out Emma Clark's other book Thor's Other Hammer. For real, that is a thing that exists.
The story must be really bad cause I zoned out. I just noticed that I didn't pay any attention when the video was over.
If you want really amazingly weird books, look into the books by Calton Mellick III.  The titles alone make them worth giving as gifts.
Hey Jenny. Where'd you get the bedspread/pillow set from? MTFBWY.
I had a horrible time, thanks for asking. Lol. Troll is a Strange book. You should read milked at her uncle's farm. Heard that one is a good one to review hahaha
I need everything on the bed....except that book.
Omg i think i want to marry you.
His cunning plan was to gain her trust... by BREAKING INTO HER APARTMENT.
Get yourself Empress Theresa, might be the worst book ever.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TedsiCaV2B4
I thought the troll book was going to be a twilight version of that Troll 2 movie... something is horribly wrong with me XD
The worse book is the Bible, not because is bad, but because they doNOT have the logo that says, this books events are not real, they fail to tell people that is only fictional intended to educate people, and also because it has been manipulated with an intentional wrongful translation, because faith was used before as referencing intelligence not the belief in god, who doesn't exist, only man kind exists and all of you are bio-computers
Do they let you bring Porgs to Hogwarts?
Please never move the Porg.
Cast the movie.
felt like pretty mild fanfic, im sure worse books exist
Oh dear Odin... that Porg
Seems like red-piller pick-up-artist incel power fantasy porno.
You're so adorable <3
Hi
RAPE
Great Halloween spirit, nice shirt Jenny.
Gagnez Votre Vie Sur Internet http://bit.ly/2xynUuG
I've had a girl I trolled and only knew online fall in love with me
I'm not so sure of you anymore Jenny...
OMG THERE IS A PART 4 ON AMAZON.
I loved what Emma said about how normal isn't just 'white mums in their 30s' - was such an inclusive and validating statement that addressed the lack of diversity in the mum online community.
I love you two together 😂 Emma is such a legend! Had a bit of a rubbish day and just got into the bath and started watching this, was immediately cheered up by ooh he's fit isn't he 😂 xxx
This video cheered me right up after a bad day of headaches and other health crap. \nI have a friend who is over from Australia. Being disabled and having chronic fatigue, sometimes my house is far from instagram worthy. She always talks me she's come to see me, not the house. \nI might just have to start thinking about starting/ restarting my blog, and start vlogging. I know so many people in the same situation as myself, and we all discuss how there isn't really anything or anyone out there telling it like it is. Today's normal is being in bed since lunchtime, lots of co-codamol and sleep in my oldest and most comfortable nighty. Tomorrow's normal might (hopefully) see me in my craft room making a bespoke greetings card. On Sunday evening, we are off to see Suzanne Vega in concert. Normal is such a diverse range of scenarios, depending on your view point.
My normal right now is eating hummus with my finger! I was dipping crisps but ran out of crisps and still wanted more hummus.
My normal is bed with 9 chicken nuggets sat on my breasts. In a box. Obvs.
Normal is you being you in your world - the good, the bad and the fabulously crazy!
I'm not saying it's bad, because I do it myself, is a telling assessment. When self is the standard? Self is god.
I love it when you say it's gonna be chatty so put it on whilst your doing something aka get some snacks and hunker down in bed and watch until the end. xx
I'm really glad you guys talked about the days that aren't amazing, because when you look at social media it seems like everything is perfect and nothing is wrong? But it's fine to have average days and days that go wrong, and you guys shed light on that so thank you ((: 💕💕💕
the all pink hair compliments louise SO much i love it!!
Yes to this! You two are great. :) xx
I’m just sat in my room and I have loads of homework but I can’t be bothered to do it!! 😭
I never post things of the 'perfect person/me' on insta,  I do post selfies every now and then, when I want and I don't care if you can see my spotty forehead because I like posting those pictures.
asif my school teacher is a YouTuber now i remember when she thought me R.E haha 😂
Love this community of where we have similar thoughts and ideas and I love coming on here on a Sunday catching up and it makes me feel so good! xx
I just wanted to let you know, Louise, that I quite enjoyed this chatty vlog.
So refreshing, not the usual unrealistic, copy and paste YouTube chat that we see by so many others!  Loved this! Xxxx
no not fleek, they say lit now
I love this video ,, there needs to be more of this no social media
My normal is a day in my pj's looking after my nephew letting him mess my house apart and being a normal messy 1 year old, my living room consists on ride along diggers and a massive toy box that hardly contains toys as there everywhere else😂
I love this so much 😂😂
I was watching this while opening my new xmas tree x
I have few things to say to you; I love you, you are so nice, you are so inspiring, you are very good mother and person. Thank you for being yourself, and thank you for making videos for all of us. Thank you Louise. xx
I love this video! I love how casual and sweet it is. Please do more collabs! <3 you
Louise you are looking absolutely bloody stunning in this video, that hair/cardigan combo is a treat never mind that glow you've got going on. Can we also take a moment for when you went to do the ' west side' sign & simply just held your hands up 😆 my kind of cool mum! x
This average chat, about being average, was way far up above average!  Well done  :-)
Haha an example of my normal yesterday was my toddler running round clutching a box of tampons, as she wanted a snack! Note: tampons aren't a usual snack! 😂😂
I did not know what to expect from this title but this was very enjoyable and comforting!
Loved seeing Emma in your videos recently, totally relate to her personality 😂. I've had to subscribe to her! 💗
good video my daughter has the same mug
Bloody love this vid!! I wanna be friends with you both lol x
Wow I love this so much. I'm a nanny and I follow lots of nanny pages on instagram that post these BEAUTIFUL pictures of themselves wearing nice, trendy clothes and taking their nanny kids (who are impeccably dressed with their hair beautifully done) on expensive and exciting outings where they somehow manage to get the kids to sit still and all look at the camera at the same time. Meanwhile I'm over here with my yoga pants and frizzy ponytail which gets drizzled throughout the day from having stuffed animals rubbed on top of my head, and the living room floor is covered in train track pieces and race cars and dinosaurs and the three year old is wearing one of only three articles of clothing I can get her to wear - almost always her Elsa dress or her Sophia dress - and they're arguing about buckled treble seatbelt faster in the car.  Nannying is a lot like motherhood: it never looks as perfect as people make it out to be, but I LOVE my job and I love my girls, even when it's very, very average. ❤️❤️❤️
If im being honest, i dont really like the look perfect looking people, they kind of remind me of dolls. im sorry perfect looking people, you are still beautiful but i guess i'd just prefer uhh lets say dodie clark over kylie jenner? like they are both pretty but a different kind of pretty
Love this love you guys together love the message
l'm loving your sit-chatty videos and loving todays chat❤
All have a look at Brene Brown on You Tube, most popular Ted Talk of all time. She says the same thing.I am enough is her mantra, gratitude is her way of life.
Words all of the words 😂
my Instagram bio is; a random selection of things I see, things I do and when I feel like it also my face. it's as real as it gets posting literally when I see things I like, when I go and do things, and when I think I look nice of funny a picture of myself. sometimes I post daily sometimes weekly annd other times it takes a month and it's all okay.
😂, Marcus needs to watch the start😂😂
I LOVE this rambling.  Yes, make it happen.  Start the revolution xxx
I love this video and the message behind it! You girls are fantastic\n\nBig Hugs and Kisses xoxo Sharon
omg the pink hair is such a throwback!
I love you both such inspirations and amazing for keeping it real xx
YES MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
tHAT'S A PURSE 😂😂😂
Louise I think you should name your baby Ayla it’s very unique and not many people have it also not to mention it sounds very cute with the name Darcy!\nAyla and Darcy!!
Confidence comes from within and my mother always told me , no one is better than you - they can be the same as you but not better .. i have never felt less than because of this and I am raising my daughters the same.  my house is neat because i have OCD that's me.. you are messy that's you . i don't judge and normal is used incorrectly.  don't judge me because you are insecure or feeling less than.
Oh my god I LOVE THESE TWO SO MUCH.
Feeling super anxious at the moment but this video was really comforting thank you
Love this, honestly made me feel so much better
Any other mums wish Louise was in your mummy group ?!
Yr friend is lovely just my sorta person bubbly like my self x
Grey blazer and that hair. LIFE
This is such an empowering and inspiring video ladies 💕 I love it. It's okay to be normal ✨
Love this. This is what my whole mantra is: you do you. Oxox
This cracked me up so much 😂 I love you two ❤️ such fun for this Friday!
i heart you two! <3
watching your videos is my after-college treat.. so relaxing!!
Emma: Take a picture of yourself right now\nMe: Im in the bath! 😂\nI love you both so much 💗😇
Excellent video from excellent ladies. Thank you for putting this up.
I love Emma so much😻
Completely agree! Love you both!
i love both of you just the way you are! dont change 😊
Aw fucking love you two! Average is so good!
Emma: Where you're sat now, just take a photo. \nI am literally sitting on the toilet while watching this.. that really doesn't sound like a good idea now, does it? 😂😂
I love your pink hair so much omyyy😍🙆
You 2 together are just bloody awesome xxx
Love your chilled videos Louise, would love it if you collabed with fleur and talked babies!!
Lost it at “my face isn’t pregnant” 😂😂
I could've watched 3 hours of this, tbh.
Really ladies think you are just doing anything to get a vlog out !!!!
You have the prettiest eye colour!
This is amazing! I live for little chatty videos like this. I feel like I'm sitting there with you joining in with your conversation. Keep up the great videos Louise! 😊💕
I watched this video tucked up in bed with a galaxy hot chocolate and marshmallows and it really cheered me up because I have laryngitis and feel like crap! X
I'm getting better about comparing myself to others but 100% yes to all of this!!
I wish I had an Emma, or at least a friend as great as Emma. I just have a dog that gives me a shady side eye when I talk to her, or glances at me judgingly when I have ice cream for dinner.
lol I liked this!!!
normies
I love this 😂
im proper missing the whole “aloha sprinklerinas” :(
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 you amazing women!!
I did pink hair!!!
I needed this
loved it!
Love your work, ladies!
Watching this while folding laundry ❤️
Omg Louise ur hair is GORG !!😸✨🌸💖
a very nice chat :)
Procrastinating sleep rn 😁
is that a british thing? does kids sound more unpolished or lower class than children? i'm genuinely curious. i sensed a mutual understanding between the two of them that suggested it was a cultural thing.
How much did you pay YouTube to get this on trending
You need to lose weight.
Dear Sprinkle can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Why is this on trending?
Why do i see u on the trending tab so much to the point where i want to throw myself off a cliff
Can that sofa handle you two fattys
Let's not forget gurrrrrrls - you are the exception to the rule. Most of us norms don't give a crap what brands think. Cos we have normal jobs and use social media to BE SOCIAL. You know. Like actual normal folk.
Sprinkle of tooth gap
Why is this trending
Fucking cocksuckermotherfucker
Lol you guys should've gone to a bar && had a drinking contest && then switch em out lmao
MERREL TWINS, I CLICK!!
The Grove
Weres is Isic
What the heck haha
😂💀😭
i miss your DIY
They're bad actors 👍🏻
Do that with Brooklyn and Bailey
Oh my goodness Rachel I was in America on 21 September and I was at the grove \nP.s iam from australia
Who saw a guava juice giant box
There is a guava juice box in the background 😃😃😃😃
thanks to Veronica FOR PUTTING A STAIN ON HER SHIRT lol jk
Who else noticed the guava juice box
Is it me or does rclbeauty remind me of dua lips???
She has a different boyfriend now?
When they were at the coffee place the guy with the turtle back pack
love love love these vlogs
That was awesome!!
He
There so pretty😍
HAHAHAHAHAH 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Oh I laughed so hard
OMG😗😗😗
im a twin 😀
Love coffe
W
Vanessa is taller
YES MERRELL TWINS OMG YAY
Lol
Wow the Merrel twins are gorgeous
I looooooove the merrel twins
do truth or dare
Where the fuck isac
Who was rec?
Like If I Tricked U\n\n\n\n\n*Read More*
You and your other boyfriend were better
Wow did he even know
Please follow me on Instagram and like all my pictures 🙏🏻 allymaibell
omg someone sould do it with lisa and lena
Did u break up with isic
I can tell them a part since I watch they the firt time cuz I have a twin friend too so that easy for me
OMG MERREL TWIN!!!!!
I thought your boyfriend was Isac
Can u do a collab with liza koshy
Idk why but it kinda seemed like Tyler was flirting with the twins
Omg they are from Jane the virgin
I loved the twins in the standoff!!!
1st \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNumber of pie is 3
I would have definitely find out the first time, they don't look that much alike. But that was a really fun video !
I love her animation in the middle it was so cute
Omg! Now do a collab with the Dolan Twins
She broke up with her old boyfriend?!? I never knew
Go to the Dolan Twin Warehouse
Couldn't have clicked on a video any quicker!!😊 so funny!!
As there tends to be in a farmers market sammeee like that sarcasm tho
WAIT DID RACHEL AND ISACC BREAK UP, WHEN?!?!?!?!
It was a good video but I think the boyfriend was acting the entire time
It was boring but funny
Aren't they on Jane The Virgin?
They should do parents for a day
I can tell them apart
(a love story of marley and cole)\ncole why don't you love me any more\nmarley yes I do\ncole do you look at any other boys besides me\nmarley no never\ncole do you hope to get married with me some day\nmarley I hope to\ncole are you gonna break up with me\nmarley no\ncole do you love me \nmarley yes\ncole do you look at guys\nmarley ...\nread it back wards wow twisted
for some reason i can tell them apart
Can u come to lake Elsinore
Ohhhhhhhhhh right, I forgot you were done with that other guy.
my name is Veronica, my older sister is named Vanessa
crazy how i cant even tell them apart me and my twin are identical and we dont look that similar
is racheal’s boyfriend changed?
Wait did he go to the Brewers game cause I was there and I fell like I saw him
Is it just me or is Tyler flirting with the twin (s)
i also thought that you guys didnt switch bags
Tyler should do that with the Dolan twins like if you agree
I WANT TWIN TOO\n\n█▬█ █ ▀█▀ LIKE
The advantages of having a twin
You see me scrolling
Finally u collab with the merrell twins!
Your gloating!\nYour both gloating!!
another boyfriend
Amazing
Such a hilarious vid
Hhhhhhhh
I saw Guava Juice Box
I could tell the difference between them 😂
I want the DIYS and the IF SUPERHEROES WENT TO SCHOOL back/more \nLike if you agree
But they've got different bags for soo long and he didn't noticed but he still managed to notoiced that stain... I mean okay...
when you watch The Merrell Twins so much that you can see the differences in their faces...
their switches were so smooth lol
Tyler  looks like he has a black eye
He figured it out by the smallest coffee stain EVER! 😂😂😂 if only Veronica didn't spill her coffee.....
I'd catch it cause I've watched the Merrell Twins pretty much since they started so thy hardly look alike to me anymore
Who noticed that they had, different color nails ?
I wish I had a twin
Y’all are beautiful and amazing you’re an amazing and wonderful YouTuber❤️❤️
U broke up with your old bf
I would've caught them cos i know them\n\nLike if u agree
I put my phone on airplane mode\n\nI threw it across the room\n\nIt didn't fly
Is these Guy her new boyfriend???
You can always tell who nessi is. Hey cute dimples!
They don't look the same and THAT GOOD MYTHICAL MORNING POSTER
The most wonderful interview, loved every minute of this - felt so natural and relaxed, and Victoria is AMAZING! I feel like I've never really heard her speak at length before and she was so warm and genuinely lovely when you were talking about your kids Nic, and she's clearly so passionate about this collaboration. Wonderfully done by all involved!
She seems unable to just answer questions , royalty eh !!!!!
What a great interview. You both did a great job. Honest, relaxed and natural. Well done!👍👍
I liked the interview..  However I feel like they didn't really explain or present the makeup well enough..  Couldn't really see swatches or get a good look at the products.
She's a really nice lady, great interview
I love everyone's outfits especially Nic's. Would love to know where your top is from 😍
The shades of blue are exceptionally beautiful.  
Amazing interview, so natural and lovely! :)
I loved the way Victoria came across.  She seems like a lovely person to know, quite fun and down to earth in her world.
I really REALLy enjoyed this video and your chat with Victoria! You are all so lovely, down to earth and gorgeous!
Oh my gosh! You ladies are so lucky! I'm sure it was surreal!
Wow ! Victoria is so lovely ! I always thought she was glamorous but I didn't expect her to be so real and warm ! Great video girls, always love you two !❤️
Loved it but the lighting is really dark :/
Amazing video! Victoria is actually so normal and down to earth! Loved this!
I love this side to her she came across like someone i would like to be friends with lol - and of course you guys are always so natural and seem to make everyone feel so relaxed :)
Victoria Beckham is legit the moist poise lady of the decade, love her!
Victoria is such a wonderful hard working woman, role model to me XO
I like how approachable and down-to-earth she comes across here, I've not seen that for many years with her.
I loved this so much, it was just such a nice casual conversation & you seemed to get on so well with Victoria which made it really lovely to watch.
i really liked this. they are very successful as well and in the same point in their lives with kids so it felt very natural for them to just chat to victoria. really nice. didnt seem 'forced' in any way.
Thank you for this amazing interview.
The very first time i saw Victoria spoke in casual but still glamorous!!,
This was such a good video!!
Really enjoyed this interview. VB seemed comfortable and relaxed. Sam and Nic do great interviews. Products are backordered in the US, but I will look on my next UK and or NYC trip.
Can't finish this video, Victoria's line just doesn't seem original, and it's very overpriced. Plus she's not really answering the questions and the rearranging of her dress to show off her legs. Aye, I'm done.
Great Video Sam and Nick! You three appeared as if you were friends forever. So good to see the products also, I'm tempted to try out the mascara definitely if not anything else.
Really loved this video, so chatty and relaxed, you ladies did an amazing job and Victoria seemed very comfortable too. Xxx
Awesome!! I think I may do an impression of Vicky x
I love this so so muchhhhh 💜
That was a really real interview and it looks like a conversation between friends. Very good job!
Who are those two other women? Is it bc I'm American I don't know who they are? 🙈
VICTORIAAAA!!! I love this video! So amazing to see you gals with her. Thank you for doing this, it was so nice to watch. I can't really afford her makeup, but if i would buy something from her line, I'd get the powder. Love that product even if I haven't tried it yet. Haha!
Sam you look absolutely stunning in this. I love your whole outfit ❤️
Good job girls, this felt really chilled and fun. Love a bit of posh spice! xx
Victoria is dull as dish water borrrrrrring
She got the OBE in
amazing video loved it x
I love this video!! Thanks for interviewing Victoria!!
So casual Victoria is really lovely lady 👑✨
Loved this and love you two!
Excellent. Casual and so classy . All three ladies are so  beautiful. Great role models for women . really enjoyed watching this.
Look at them...listening Like they care.good job!!
Loved this so much, one of the best interview I've seen with VB, it came across very natural. Well done ladies! Loved hearing about the products too, it looks like a beautiful collection. xx
All 3 of you are amazing! ❤❤❤
We love this! Definitely a candid and easy to watch conversation!!
LOVEED THIS VIDEO! So authentic and real!! Keep up the amazing work you guys are doing ❤️
My three role models in one video.....wow!xx
Love how it went soo smooth nothing awkward such nice ppl!❤️
I LOVED this! So lovely to see a nice chat instead of a scripted advert!
I never knew Victoria was friendly as she always seemed snobbish.
Nic. Girl. Please. you gotta lay off putting the contour and blush too far into the interior of your face. Otherwise you just keep on being awesome ❤️
Twilight teaser was a Rimmel  lipstick  I had one!
Thanks for the interview girls! Three amazing women!!!!!!❤️🌺
Although I have watched many video's reviewing this new product line, I appreciated the personal and authentic interaction with the creator. Very nice.
Loved this video!! I could watch you three all day💗😁
Hands up if you're going to watch This Is 40 right now
Victoria is so natural and down to earth. LOVE HER!!!!!!
I love Victoria!!! Great interview! Thanks :)
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I really like the lighting in this video. I have an app on my phone to make the screen even darker because youtubers always over expose. My eyes are very sensitive to light. Lovely having a dark video to look at, much more soothing.
Beautiful lighting and wonderful interview ❤️ thank you ladies ✌🏼
£36 for a mascara ... I hope she uses the profit to do something good for the society.
To be honest. I cannot stand her. It is all about her status and proving how posh she is. Constantly showing off how rich she is and how everything must be refined. There is a type of British women like that that are only busy with showing off how perfect they are. When in fact they are insecure, confused and talentless.
Boys wear make up too.. just sayin' ✌🏼
omg she is so all selfcentred it is painful to watch! boooooooring!
OMG I love all their accents! 😍😍😍😭😭
It was really  nice to see Victoria so relaxed and at ease. She was very kind and lovely. I wish the lighting would've been a bit better and that we could see the products more up close though! Thank you so much for this wonderful interview!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Nic, your nail colour is AMAZING. May I ask what you have on? Love your videos ladies! xxx
Oh, how I love this British accent... Can listen to you for hours :-D
Are these make-up products only available in the U.K.?
This is by far my favourite video of Victoria. She seems super relaxed with  Sam & Nic! Loved this interview x
Oh gosh, her makeup is way to expensive,  there is better and  way cheaper makeup out there, I can't stand her,what a joke!!she thinks she is high class!!
I wonder if the Stygian gloom was a request from Victoria, so the viewers can't see her properly. Couldn't watch to the end, I'm afraid, on account of this and her facade. I don't have any aspirations to buy her collaboration with Ester Lauder.
woooowwwww
Shallow conversation and fake woman
Great video ❤️👏🏾🙌🏾
Sams hair is gorgeous 💗
Amazing ❤️
Well done, nice interview
loved it! :D
Ahh Heather Shimmer! Remember that well!
My idol
Absolutely loved this!!!!
Fabulous \nAuthor Keera Ashton !
I love their brushes
Love love love this interview!
Tatis's jealous
Haha heather shimmer I had that too
Style icon=V's grey shadow. WTF?
Why so much nose touching?
Creepy thumbnail!
Omg guys!!! Love love loveeeeed this
I loooved this interview!!!!
What a gorgeous video! 💙❤💙
hmmm she's got a pre-rehearsed answer for everything. I get you have to prepare stuff before interviews but just saying things to hit those promotion marks and not actually answer the question seems disingenuous to me.
Heather shimmer and coffee shimmer haha omg a blast from past
I love Samantha and Nicola, but I won't be buying Victoria's makeup line.  She is shallow and self obsessed.  And the blatant spin, \nOMG.Indeed Mum Judy is more of an inspiration than this woman.
Has nic had a breast reduction? Would love to see a vid on her experience if so...!
Three of my favorite ladies! I adore Victoria Beckham and her designs. I especially love when you talked about your kids!
ME, ME, ME 🙉 I'm not going to answer any questions properly and I'm just going to talk about MY products 😴 BORING! 👎🏻
Looks like people missed the point of this video. This video is NOT a persuasive video. It is an informative video. It provides solace for those who willingly do not want to have kids by providing science behind why their decision is sound and/or beneficial. It is not bashing on people who have kids, nor is it telling you, you shouldn't have kids, it's saying that if you do not want kids, that's cool, here's some science to back you up. I honestly do not get why everyone is getting worked up over this.
Not gonna lie, you two cunts have the most punchable faces i've ever seen.
Whay to misuse data.\nWhen a relationship is in trouble having a child is never a good idea.\nBeing a counsellor I can assure you the use of this noted data point is intellectual dishonesty.\nThe rest is complete BS.\n\nSo have no kids... lets see how that works in the long run.
Hundreds (if not thousands) of years of your family line come to an end with the both of you. I'm very ok with that. Weak genes shouldn't propagate. \nSo  to the two of you I say: please, don't have kids! That way you'll have no one to pass your misguided ideals on to and no way to influence future generations with your nonsense.\n\nTo those watching this video who are presently in a monogamous heterosexual union. Ignore these pandas. Their idiocy leads to extinction. We are designed as a species to propagate. You owe yourself and your ancestors more than a selfish hedonistic existence. Children are a gift to the future and a blessing in the present. I know because I have two. Go make some of your own. You won't regret it, I promise!
What the actual banana. Slowly lower the population of all westerners!!!!
Why is this in my subs section
Used to love this channel, but, get fucked
Why are people so up in arms about this being leftist propaganda? It's just people saying hey some people don't want to have kids and feel pressured to have them. So here's some rebuttals for all the people who think life without kids isn't worth living. Sure, the title may have struck a chord with a few people but how can people honestly think that these guys are telling you NOT TO HAVE KIDS if they actually watched the video and didn't just start shouting about their hurt feelings without watching. \n\nBut anyway, great video!
we cant get kids and now we have to make shit up to get used to not having kids so we make a video reasons why kids are not nessesary its fuckin pathetic haha
Is more like excuse I'm hearing from you guys if you don't want to care just be honest about it don't put science into this it's just bullshit what I'm smelling right now
Proof that the Progressive left are actually the most materialistic and self-absorbed people on the planet, and they harbor resentment for anyone who is able to buy more stuff than they can.
Fucking hell, i6's always my favorite channela that are taken over by the liberal agenda of thwir creators.
Fuck you,  did u know that the rate of death is higher than birth? Hoe the fuck are youhelping the world whem you want us to end even quicker? Sure kids may be a bit of a hassle but thats always gonna happen when you raise somehing that is living,  plus every living thing's main goal in life, which we think uncounciously,  is the have kids and keep the poulation going. If you don't wanna have kids then don't have sex,  sex wasnt really meant for fun it was meant for reproduction,  it feels good so that we keep doing it.  Plus most of your arguements are just petty tbh. I guess the reason you dont want kids is because you dont want to see straight do what is naturally right. Fuck u and burn i Hell
How would u know, u fuck in da asshole
They just murdered thousands of future babies with this video how can they sleep at night. Imagine if this video was show to their parents before they were conceived...
So basically you want us to extinct eventually ???
lol after you changed from animation its a goodbye to this channel
*Why you shouldn't be making videos! There... fixed it for you!
Never want kids. I rather help fix this world first then bring something I love into something I don't love
Thank you for this video! People are always judging me about my decision not to have kids. I appreciate something that does not judge that and provides good explanations (those people won't listen to anyway...but it's worth a shot I guess).
Says “Its no ones place to tell you whether or not you should have a kid”\n\nLiterally this whole video 😂 sucks when you cant procreate, so you gotta discourage it to make yourself feel better
are the homo's sad because they can't have kids :'(
oi vey not me shekels. Fak off u cunts. gtfo out of canada and go elsewhere.
Yeah... why not just you guys go with this advice.
Do you wish your parents relied on scientific anti-kids data?  Mitch I liked you on Big Brother Canada but this is ridiculous and so biased.  Do you have stats on your popularity decline?
The big question is which one of you is the pitcher and which one is the catcher
Call me a killjoy, but I think that because this is not to my taste, no one else should be able to enjoy it
Having kids is hard. Lol no shit.
I don't think it's fair to compare 70 + years of carbon foot printer to the five years kids in Haiti live before they're sacrificed to the witch doctor.
It's no one's place. Wouldn't that include the two of you???????????
Nature made you fear the V because your genes are not worth passing on.
Here's a priceless rebuttal to this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeUpEQsY8s
Meanwhile, on the Muslim side of YouTube: ''Why You Should Have At Least 10 Kids''. And that, my friends, is what we call white genocide!
if you 2 had kids you'd force them to be lgbt anyway so you're doing us a favor
G A Y G E N O C I D E
Yes, come on goys don't have children, don't worry about the population decline we'll just import third worlders to help with the population decline.
its immoral to have kids anyway. bringing people into this world knowing they will suffer for your selfish needs of procreation.
Apparantly these two idiote do not get the reason why we were set on this earth and some other fucking twats agree with these butfuckers.
To me all of this is a molecule worth of shit to pay to bring the love of my life into this world. I don't give a shit if I'm polluting the environment please stop pushing your agenda, and before someone says YOU DONT GET THE POINT IF THIS VIDEO!1! I do, it's probably the liberals WORST attempt at depopulation. I don't care if you don't see that.
the momo in the blue has painted nails
Greg and Bitch, hahahahaha \n\nNo bullshit, shat all over your points.
And albeit you both don't have a degree in biology and another field of study in science also so yeah to this I say retardation at it's finest qhen you both started speaking out of your asses
I've lost all respect for you guys. This video just scientifically backs are the obvious labor of having a kid, when in fact there are Harder and less rewarding things in life. You guys are bias af and just want people to feel victimized. Unsubbed lmao
So what, ur saying that u have to make  sacrifices to raise a kid. Every knows that
This video reveals why Greg and Mitch shouldn't have kids. 🖕
Oh my God, you brain-cancer-inducing, wannabe comedians!  Your opinions aren't science.  This is literally the best example of confirmation bias that I've seen to date.  Name a whole bunch of selfish, ego-laden reasons to not have kids (i.e. - you don't want to lose sleep; your health) combined with a bunch of psuedo-benevolent liberal logic (enforcement of gender stereotypes; not wanting to contribute to the wage gap), roll it all together with some cherry-picked statistics - BOOM!  A stupidity nuclear bomb gets dropped being masqueraded as science.  Glad you changed the name of your channel.  Sounds like you two just want to justify your reasons for disappointing your families.
People shouldn't raise kids because you have to pay money to raise them.\n\nHow selfish can you get?
I agree that you are informing people about the complexity of raising children but your sources are bullshit media articles that list NO studies or scientific papers and fake gender pay gap propaganda
science as if libtards use science
I see a more viable solution though. Those two guys can just pay reparations to their parents for all the inconviniances they caused them as children, instead of bothering us with their lunacy
Most of this is statistically Bullshit
2 Fudge Packers Explain why they don't want kids
Who gives a fuck about what you think about parenthood, Are you planning on being parents?
Wow, so... if I have a child I will immediately get a 15% increase on my wages? I mean, you said I don't have to work any longer hours, so I better start popping out kids and collecting those baby raises my boss will totally give me.
Shut your festering pie holes you easily dominated pooftas. People don't need to be virtue signaled to or lectured over their personal decisions. So mind your own business you idiots.
can't believe 9k people agree with these two's ((((opinion))))
This video needs to be shown only in turd world countries. Europeans need more children
I know that these guys weren't telling people to not have kids merely defending those who choose not to,but the message is kind of a waste of time,western countries(main audience)have a declining birth rate while in Africa and Asia there populations are constantly growing of course this is due to lake of protection,education on sex and the belief in having many children,though I don't believe that the people in these regions are having many children purposely in order to make ethnic Europeans a minority in their homeland I do know that they are immigrating to the west in large numbers for welfare and work thus becoming a threat to European culture and heritage,I do not condone the homophobia and hatred brought to this channel but its free speech these asap science guys (used to subscribe too)did make a controversial video and should expect some backlash which is not entirely wrong
You totally convinced me.  Dudes who paint their fingernails, definitely should not have kids.
What happened to asap science
Here's some math dumb dumbs. If you have more grandparents then children then you will have no pension, no social security.
Science and Pseudoscience and Opinion are very different things.
If you take the advice from the likes of these idiots then good, don't spread anymore of your inferior DNA to the human race. Just die off. For the record ladies, more than 3/4 of your western hating propaganda is complete bullshit and or petty. Sounds like you're just selfish twats(surprise). But again, if this is you or you think they have a point then by all means never have children because you don't deserve them.
A lot of their arguement is based on already known facts, things that an average couple should already know. Also throwing in your opinion to be scientific fact is just dumb. One more thing why you shouldn't have kids, they make stupid people like these two.
Two homosexuals telling white westerners too NOT have children? And white genocide isn't real...
Yes, women and men have different standards in society. Men are expected to work harder and longer after having a kid so as to pay for them since as You yourself put it. Kids are expensive, whereas women already do less hours on average, this average lowers if they are women with a husband or stable boyfriend. So of course men are going to be more attractive at a work place. I am not saying this is an absolute, but an average. Also, the complete bullshit about population. Which parts of the world have trouble feeding their kids? And which parts of the world are having the most children? This should be a video in a Bantu language, not telling people in Canada and the US to stop having kids, because we're not the problem when it comes to overpopulation, Western Europe can barely keep their population up without immigration. In fact my country, Denmark, has a food production that can cover three times the actual population, so suck it!
I've lost faith in humanity with this video yo Kim jong un enough with the bull crap just start ww3 already
Fuck you!!!!!!! White countries need white babies, NOT brown scum!!!!
why did god allow this....?
Chill guys, this is Science
Im both asexual and aromantic (obviously not by choice) and yet I will have kids if I ever have the chance to give them a good life because my family line deserves to continue. You are fucking crazy telling people to not have kids because its expencive and bad for uuuu\nOh wait, we're white. So fuck us, right?
The answer to this video\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNeUpEQsY8s
Interesting! Individuals that can not have children in their relationships, striving to persuade others, not to have children.
Why the FUCK are you telling people that want kids what they can or cannot have? We don't tell you how to poke eachother's bumholes, stay in your lane!
why does this have more likes than dislikes?Nigga wtf?
Don't worry guys, darwinism will extinct those lgbt-radicals and we - the sane normal people - will survive because we are traditional and don't like this bullshit.
So having a kid can be difficult? Noooo shiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.
If you want to help save the earth, end your lives. Do it for the greater good, comrade.
I don't know if homosexuality is innate, but this level of faggotry is a choice.
Planning on ending your gene pool? Start with yourselves...
Tl:dr don't have kids and be selfish. You'll sleep more, have more sex, and have more money. What an AMAZING video...
2 ugly mixed race homos persuading straights not to have kids. Are either of you Jewish by chance?
drink my cousin
Kys
(((Greg and Mitch)))
(((They))) did this.
No bullshit wrecked you
Dumbasses
god you are obnoxious
You're so naggy
Badlul
garbage
Mike, get the shocker...
Wow these breeders are super pissed
Good stuff !!
#NoBullshit
Idiots!
Bullshit level 9000
Okay so whih jew hater made a response video?
Just...wow.
When are they gonna upload the whole segments like Wendy Williams? 😒 Just upload the damn thing.
:/ I wanted to hear the rest *^*
haters only have a problem with certain interracial couples. e.g.\na black man with a white woman rarely gets any hate.\nbut a black woman with a white man brings on a lot of hate.\nit's pathetic.
Dang Tamera's hair style thoooo
What words of wisdom ? You just cut her off tf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i swear i adore tamera 😍 she's honestly such an inspiration to me she's​ such a strong independent woman a great mother and brilliant wife like she's so wise and intelligent she teaches young girls like me that being intelligent and having morals and being classy is sexy as a 16 year old girl I think she should be a role model to any young girl she's my sista sista 😂❤👏
Only 1 minute😢 I really want more real
I like how she made the point that she heard racist stuff from both white people AND black people. Some people swear that black people can't be racist.
Im in an interracial relationship and I can relate to tamera and adam when it comes to people saying racist things on both sides. It really takes ALOT of love to overcome all of the hate in the world.
This is the kind of girl chat I was looking forward to this season but these seconds long video urgggg stopppp
Teach em mama
Dang, Tamera looks so good! 😍
people in the comments section be so annoying, I swear yall always want to fight
Haha Loni is making sure they stay right on schedule! 0:45 Thirty seconds
Her mom is right. Some white men are fake and only want to experiment being with a black or Asian girl and not actually take it seriously. Her mother was just being protective. Tired of these 30 second videos though. Glad I unsubbed
It's freaking 2017, are people really still bitching about interracial relationships???
You guys are ridiculous with these clips... you didn't even let us hear the end of her sentence. This is not gonna make more people tune in to the live show... people work and don't have the luxury to record shows!!! HELLO!!
Tamara put love before what people thought. .like every should! Go Tamera
this was real disrespectful, y’all couldn’t let Tamera finish her story tho 😩😭
love Tamara in white
I love The Real and I've been watching since the begging here on YouTube cause I can't see it on my tv in Brazil, but now the videos are too short and out of context...what's happening? I wanna see the real talk, their opinions, their beliefs and their discussion about something and not only two sentences
Jasmine curry: I agree with you about tamera. She's an honest woman and very classy. I love her words of wisdom, and although I'm not in an interracial relationship,  I'm married to a black man. I can understand where her mother was coming from, BUT, I also believe that as a woman, or man, it shouldn't matter what race the person is that you love. If that person treats you with respect and loves you unconditionally,  a mom or dad should respect that.
She's already biracial so either way it would be an interacial relationship! So why when you are biracial black is ok but white no?? Why does the black takes over the white??? (Because of the one drop rule??)
Even if she married a black man, wouldn't it still be interracial?
she is biracial so no matter she dates black or white its still going be an interracial relationship anyway....
I'm a black female but I love every race and colour
To the person who is in charge of putting up these clips: \nPlease let them finish what they are saying. It is not going to kill you if you let it play for 3 more seconds. \nSincerely ,\nEveryone Watching.
Why didn't they upload the full clip??? Omg this is a conversation I wanna hear
ok, i need to see the rest NOW!!!!!!!
I don't really understand why her mom would be against it since she married a white man?? And I know it's because they had a hard time but if she chose him for love then wouldn't she trust Tamera also chose Adam that way.
Yes tamera. I love this woman and she looks so beautiful loving the natural hair in her 😍
They are really giving Tam a nicer wardrobe
Tamera looks so pretty
What does adam do to stop white supremacy? I am asking for a friend
Please keep it coming with the long video clips PLEASE
Are Tameras parents still together?
My parents had to make a decision and say _Look, are we gon worry about what other people think or are we gon do us and keep it movin'?_ Once they quit worrying about outside chatter, things went smooth sailing. I mean, think about it... People are gonna dog you out no matter what so you might as well be w/ whomever makes you feel comfortable. Man, woman, cat, dog, *you* have to worry about you.
But but she's half white, so wouldn't it be equally as interracial if she was with a black guy instead?
I was about to get in my feels until I realized the video had ended , lmao y'all play too much:,(
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
👀Look what I got in the mail today !! 5 superhero capes and masks for my daughter's Christmas present . And I got it completely free ☺ All I do is play the app verydice to get free stuff from amazon ! Some stuff I've gotten are ...\n🔹Paw patrol pup pad\n🔹6 lipsticks \n🔹Laptop cooling pad\n🔹$200 Thomas the train set\n🔹 Fisher Price Laugh and learn speaker \n🔹Fisher price Beatbelle \n🔹$130 Graco car seat\n🔹Kids stool\n🔹Kids piano\n🔹Phone case\n🔹Shelf\n🔹Knit headbands\n🔹Aquadoodle\n🔹Book\n🔹Bathtub organizer\nAnd more ! About $600 worth of stuff !\nIt's free shipping and they don't ask for a card number . If you want free stuff as well, download verydice from your app store (black background with 3 green dots) and please enter my friend code 720973 to get started ! If my code doesn't work when you first download it, please enter it in the icon that says NEW.\n💥Make sure you screenshot this so you don't forget 😉
Su rude to just cut off the video where it did...we didn't get to finish hearing the message. Smh. :/
That's awesome advice. I met Tamera's dad...sweet guy!
The editors at the real youtube are really not professional! WTH can we do with a less than a minute of the show?  \nThat's really annoying, and for that reason why I unsubscribed of this channel
black women love dem white boys
If you going to show us short clips the least you can do is let Tam finish her sentence 🤦🏽‍♀️
dang, y'all couldn't even give us a full minute?
Wow I Felt This One
Fox News (Adam's employer) have regularly had hosts say interracial marriages are wrong........
Why are the videos coming out so short?!
that last part is dope
I'm so confused is this the episode that aired today? Because this isn't what I saw on tv. Can someone please explain that to me.
Adrienne look dead.
Amen to that
UPLOAD FULL CLIPS
💗💗💗💗💗
Awww 😢😢❤
Yes! I love Fri-Yays
I can't stand Tamera's mom. she is always judging Adam cuz he's white yet she married a white boy.
O my goodness! Tamera is not talking about her children! ...(no shade intended)
I refuse to date/marry outside my race.
So i know the main news os Kylie is pregnant BUT I THINK Adrienne is pregnant too!!... U heard it from me first lol
ADAM ADAM ADAM BLA BLA BLA BLA BLA BORING!! 😴😴😴😴😴
Lol her mom sounds super narrow minded. Is she forgetting that Tamera is half white??? Ridiculous! Your own people are the ones who create racism (this applies to every race, mostly)
I just started gymnastics and it turns out I’m actually pretty good and part of why I love gymnastics is because you fail a lot and I used to play other sports where I always did well and never really reached my limit but with gymnastics I feel I have to work really hard for everything and it makes me happy I really hope one day I get to represent my country
Nile ur train smart keep it real t-shirts are sold out!
The second guy had the best bails but thanks I really needed that to keep motivated on my comeback journey as well
At 1:41 it looks like the guy on the bars is hitting him in the privates
The guy at 6:00 minute was the best!!
No fails for Max?
Tbh I don’t even do gymnastics I play soccer but I love ur video because of ur positivity
Ey up Nile! good luck at the Worlds. Hope to see you on thursday next week for the AA finals. You and the GB squad are gonna smash it! ;)
talk to plan zero about doing a kind of tricking vs gymnastics video
i feel cheated, i didnt get to see two hot guys in one bathtub, the inhumanity of it all:)
Hope it's not too late for votes, mine definitly goes to Purvis
Omg I live in canada
Nile is probably one of the most positive guys on YouTube. His videos never fail to make me smile.
Um Nile... the steering wheel is on the wrong side. I think your car is broken.😱
Purvis has the best fail
I mean Dan's gotta win but James' are for sure up there😂
Purvis deffo had the best fail! I cried laughing
You seem like an annoying younger brother in this video.
James 's fails were really funny!!! 😂😂😂
you should make a video of trying girls gymnastics
I agree, the vault one! Only one that made me laugh cause the others looked bloody painful lol
I'm voting for Mr. Frazzle
Danny's is the best fail
What happened to the ultimate gymnastics challenge??
James x'D especially when he gives up in the first clip hahah, but gottta admit Danny's fail is hard to top loll, poor him!!
James for the fail / win made me 😂 and congrats for making the team keep up the hard work
The second one hitting the bars in the worst place possible 😂 nile's videos are my daily dose of good looking, charming men that are painfully absent in my own life
Nile, cringiest: Your fall on the high bar.  It echoed thru the building.  Funniest:  the Purvis, definitely! Love the video!
JAMES HAS MY VOTE ☑😂😂
how high can you jump on a trampoline oml
I just go harassed by kids at a park
Congratulations on making the team for Worlds. I look forward to the vlogs from Montreal! I'd love if you could get the four girls involved in your videos there. Huge congrats to Claudia, Amy, Alice and Georgia-Mae too.
funniest and best one was Danny's
Loved these fails 😃 I think my winner is James.
The first and purvis
Voting for Danny that always fails the intro and almost killed the judges  XD XD XD
Falling on top of the jugdes has got to be my favorite one lmao
Aw you missed the best part about purvis fail when the judge grabbed his thigh and wouldn't let go for dear life!  Haha
The one that fell into the judges was the best fail! 😂
Never clicked a video so fast
The best one was the one that fell on the judges
Danny def won it was hilarious x
that guys the most smallest man nips ever to exist!
I always wished that I stuck to gym ya know?😂😭
This looks really good and funny lol
You, my friend are hilarious🙌🏻🙌🏻🎉🙏🏻😂😂😂❤️❤️😂😂
Lmao 😂😂😂 I vote James , its was a fn good laugh
Interesting.. I always wondered what those hand guard things were.
World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Canada!!!\nOctober 2-8th 2017\nLooking forward to seeing all you guys!
The fails look so painful 😩
Has to be dan
No hate or anything but why is this guy always on the trending page with like 200k views. Again no hate  just wondering 🙃
I love your video! Out of all the people I subscribe to on youtube I look forward to your videos the most! Keep them coming!
James and Danny I laughed cried with James fails... 💜
Why are you always on trending...
Lol, Danny knew he fucked up so he took out the judges before they cast their vote 😂
Purvis just wins this shit hands down for falling into the judges. Such a beautiful moment in gymnastics, lol.
Great video as usual - so entertaining !
Danny falling on the judges
looks so painful!
Aha purvis has my vote
Danial' one easy 😏
Love you Nile
Nile
Ginger guy is jokes
Purvis
6:01
Nike or joe
Danny won
Nile has the best fails lol hahah 😂
Frags the little cutie! 😂
Danny wins for sure
You got Tiny nips
152s fail is so funny
nile worst
You love dancing
Nile got buns 😂😂. Frazal had the best fail
James won
Danny, lol
Dan has my vote. WHOOS WITH MEEE
Danny
The ginger 1 won!! 1000%
Purvis definitely
Hi
5.41 ur face
Haz un vídeo en español
At 5:43 Nile says to James Mate, stop ______! What is he saying? I've been trying to figure out that word since Nile's dad gassed him in an earlier vlog. Trying to expand my Yorkshire slang knowledge lol
Whats the song called on niles intro
Just broke my ankle yesterday doing double doubles. Thanks for the motivation, haha
What about the guy who broke his leg in rio does stuff like that freak you out when you compete on the world stage?
Nile - Could you explain why a couch puts a pad across the high bar when you are practicing.
how do you get into the olympics
Why was Nile wearing a mask
Nile what are the biggest benefits of taking a ice bath?
2:50 what's that huge Bane-style mask thing?
Do you ever get told to stop filming whilst your at these places training ??
What's the mask for that you're (Nile) wearing at 2:48?  Great videos!
what age were you when you started gymnastics
why do you need a mouth guard thing at 2:55
What's the intro song
Obviously you can do all these will longer hair too!! Wooo I hope u enjoy guys 🙈
Girl your trending!!!
She said she wants to look after her hair make make it look healthy in one of her videos yet she didn’t even use heat protectant yeah logic
I don’t like your hair😬
I love your new haircut​ 💜💕
THANK YOU so much i love this it is so useful
Shes bugs me sm
you are beautiful.
Your short hair makes u look so much more grown up 😍😍😍😍luv it
I loved your hair then and I love it now!!!!!!
Love this, love you. You helped me through my mental health! ❤️ xxxx
I love your hair with your face shape it suits your face so well and you look really sophisticated
OMG my hair used to be long, I recently cut it last month, and these helped me so much! Thanks Saffron ((:
Your looks so nice 😍😍
It looks so great!
i love your hair !!
You need to curl your hair away from your face otherwise it looks stupid. Living for the short hair tho
Ur trying to hard to look like Ashley benson lol
What are those pouty faces after the look, omg so cringe
I honestly just love her so much!!
looks amazing💕
Your eyes look so beautiful😍😍
This suits you so much better😍❤️
Ive got short hair and i love it ❤💗 it suits me really well 😍 you look dead gorgeous with short hair 😚😘
you make me really want to cut my hair short! lovely video xx
Love youuu
I just got my hair cut short and I don't suit it as much🙁I wish I could pull it off like you❤️
Slag
your adorable!! Please do an updated whats on my iphone
Did anyone notice she done 6 hairstyles not 5 lol
i’m literally obsessed with saff’s it’s gorgeous! ilysm saff💗💗💗💗💗
The wavy hair is so so nice on you saff!! My little sister was going to come to the book signing and I was wondering do you have to buy two books and tickets then ? Because there's no point in the two of us getting a book ? Does anyone know?
Your hair looks stunning! Love you Saffron! 💕
Sex
Recently got my hair cut short but I honest cannot put my hair up because there's always those bits at the back that aren't long enough to fit in the bobble
Can't get over ur hair x love u saff❤️😘😍
I love you and your hair sooo much!! I loved meeting you! ❤
Love this we are twinning w hairrrr it’s lush love it saff xx
Love your short hair , it's so nice and suits you so much ! 💕💕💕
SLAYYYYY😍😍
Love the hair saffron xxx
What curler did you use xx
Hi saffron a love u everyday when I put u on tv on my ps4 my grandma comes in And sayes what's this pretty girl saying 😂❤️😘
Saffron you are the most gorgeous girl I have ever seen. You videos are amazing as well. I just want to be you.
Who preferred her long hair
THUMBNAIL REMINDS ME OF CHRISTMAS!!
OMG SAFFRON YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER ❤❤❤
Love this video!💓
The vlog sent me !!
I love you saffron xxx
Your a queen xxx
Soooo freaking cuteee ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Holy crap you honestly look absolutely stunning Saff!
So stunning !!!
Which curlers do you use? ❤️❤️
I love your short hair 😍❤️
You look gorgeous😍😍
are you still whit jake?
Short hair suits you very well 😍
😍😍😍😍😍
Just ordered your book so excited
Have you met my cousin Diaz jellif
I cut 17 inches off of my hair last month yet it’s still longer than saffron’s 😂 17 inches of hair donated to princess truest to make wigs for children with cancer 💗
Yesssss this is soooooooooo useful 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Luv u 💓
Your blog sent me. I love your hair soo much xxx
Saffron i live ur hair so much is baeeee love u saffron xxxx
This is so helpful! I just got my hair cut the same length as yours and this is helpful as it's boring seeing your hair just up😅 Please do more!! Love you loads :))
You look like Olivia buckland with your hair like this😍
You suit your new hair so much!!💗
Vlog sent me even though I was subscribed on here first! 🙌🏻😂
💗
😍😍
Great video! Soooo helpful 😅
I stared at the pimple all the way through the video
saffs stunning with short hair and long hair and without makeup and with makeup!!
Sorry. Ily not hate but I prefer long sorry
Why do u sound like Rita ora ur voice has changed 😂
You suit it omg
Your new hair makes you look like 21❤️💚💙 it's so pretty xxxx
Anyone else think saffron sounds so different in this video? Different mic?
Ooh that’s a good idea, but you know you will never look as good as she does😂😭
I love your hair . But i do miss your long hair i could never cut my hair i love my long hair ( it past my bum )      \n\nP.s your hair fab
I love this so much
So beautiful! I am in love with your hair x
I love you new hair it's stunning I couldn't pull of short hair
I love ur new hair
I like your hair short hair but I prefer ur long hair xo
Omg this is wat i did lol
I got my hair cut the same length as your today. I was having a huge breakdown but I did it. I LOVE IT but I can't do any hair styles apart from a pony tail and my ponytail is so cute it's tiny. This video really helped and now I can do loads thanks so much saffron you saved me from regret and disappoint ❤️🔐
❤️️TBH the sleek back hairstyle didn't suit her but still LY Saff❤️✨
Yur short hair is so amazing
HI SAFFRON!!! COULD YOU PLEASE DO A WISH HAUL VIDEO!!! THEY HAVE GOT RIDICULOUSLY CHEAP PRICES LIKE MAKE-UP FOR EVEN £1!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO A VIDEO ON THINGS YOU WILL BUY FROM WISH.COM. LOVE YOU AND YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION :) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
My pengting slays her new hair queen I luv u so much x
التسريحات جميلة جدا جدا جدا
She's dead cringy omg
Okay we get it you got your haircut, you can stop talking about it now 🙄😂
It's really petty but ever since she cut her hair her videos are just impossible to watch lolollll
Of course she had to copy Zoella
Why does everyone including herself, big up her hair so much loool it's not that great?? It looks dead and stiff😂🤧
🚨 I CAN'T EAT ANYMORE LASAGNA!🚨  What is one food you couldn't live without? Let me know down below.\nWanna indulge in more Life Noggin? Click here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8L0MzSk_V6LtaKh-Eqj7Cs4Tmf5iQPx4
So uhm can we still eat at thanks giving.
I was eating pizza while watching this
I'm a vegetarian and I'm trying to stop consuming sugar. Its a lot harder than you might think
i end up getting diarrhea if i eat to much or worse..........................constipated
I could not live without MCDONALDS😍😍😍
Ha, I just got an ad about over eating.
I can't live without meh avocados
I can't live without....Penis
Blocko can you make a gaming channel pls?
I can't live with out 🍕
I can't live without pizza
Every one sub to sap games
I can't eat much because if eat more than I usually do I feel physically sick. I don't get hungry but when I feel exhausted during day that's when I know I need food
well lets see\n\n*starts eating everything i found in my house*\n\n\n\n\n*dies choking on a piece of pizza*
I won’t live without PIZZA AND CHIPS
the food i cant live without is pizza XD\n\n\n\n\n\n\nno really... i love pizza espicially pepparoni pizza
Why are people gay? just something i wanna know
Salt + High Blood Preasure = Wrong\nSalt even lowers the bloodpreasure my doctor told me. Why? He didnt tell me .... unfortunatly
Chocolate is the food I like and probably eat to much of. XD
I can't live with out letes
i love raw meat and i love fruit drinks\nmostly fruit drinks :D
I ate 4 éclairs while watching this video :)
Make a video of what will happen when you stop eating
beans humanity would not be able to survive without it. it last for years its easy to make and it tastes good and has all the nutrients you need
i dont know if im the only one but, did this videos make you hungry?
I can't live without lasagna, that would be a sad sad world without it haha
*takes a bite of chocolate*\nIt's obvious that chocolate is cocaine.
I can not live without pizza
Ham it is the best
TBH this is my life
I would die without mochi ice cream
Like my mom told Your body is a temple not a garbage bin
I couldn't live with out sushi
Who is watching this video while eating food
I already learned all of this stuff in middle school lol its still work watching this though
I can't live without eating ass.
I got an ad for BED...(binge eating disorder)
Am I the only one that got a binge eating ad?
I couldn't live without boneless pizza
Making your own bread will drastically reduce your sodium intake.
I could never live without Gold Fish!
who else is guilty of eating too many fruit snacks? just me? alright back to the corner of shame I'll go
Pizza it is so good I eat it twice a week
I couldn't live without dog meat
Burritos 🌯 AND Tacos 🌮 there the BEST food on the PLANET 🌎
Clorox needs to dial back the volume; I'm not buying bleach no matter how loud you are.
Ice cream is what the food I can't live without
Can't stop eating ice cream !😖
wow did you know im watching this on my 3ds
im eating Fruit by the foot rn,\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis wont stop me
I was eating a bunch of goldfish as I watched and was surprised that you mentioned salt
yo don't joke about spoon full of peanut butter alone... that shit's delicious.
Food itself.
PIZZA !! !!!!!
Definitely Sushi
Chocolate!!
POTATOES EASILY
POTATO
Pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!°
Chocolate
If you won’t stop eating you will go In a food commma and die becuase you had to many food comas
I can't live without pizza 🍕
dude im at my grandparents' house right now and i know just how you feel bro
I can't live without pizza
why do we have dreams and nightmares
you will get fat
The grandma part is awfully  true
2:53 I swear I was actually watching this at my grandparents house!!!😂 soon I'll be having bangers and mash don't give me too much please!
Chicken
all food!
BACON
French friea
Gold fish
i eat too much booty
Bread and Nutella
Pizza and beautiful butter chicken
PEANUT BUTTER
CHICKEN
GIMME SOME COOKIES GRANNY !!!!!!!!!!!
PIZZA
Cereal 😂
CHEEBURGER
Danish mcfries from MC D
Tacos!!! 🌮🌮🌮
Patio
wow..  😦😦😦
1:38 idubbbz
One more wafer?
Code 1=p 3=z 9=I 5=a \n\n\n19335
1:37
Slim jims and steak
Cookies
CHICKEN \n\n\n\n🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗
doughnuts
i couldnt live without sushiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
I CANT LIVE WITHOUT PIZZA! <; (
PIZZZZAAA!!!!!!!!!!
pizza
Pasta Boiiii
Some say she's still looking for a kebab
Did she get her kabab tho?
Thoughts and prayers to the door's family.
This really needs a follow up of her eating said kebab and saying 'worth it'.
There's another fucking kebab shop about 3 doors down. I heard they have a nice house sauce but Jeezus Christ.
The UK is such a disgrace.  A bunch of drunks with no class or manners.  No wonder the place is such a shithole.
This place is Apache Pizza...they don't even have Kebabs LMFAO
Prepare for this video to blow up
If this was a guy they would've called the police, they should've for her too. There was no way she was getting herself home safely
She's the Belfast version of the cash me outside girl.
Hope she paid for that
Hope she's ok
They kept talking shit to her instead of locking up before she wedged herself in. They kicked and pushed her away like a dozen times. They are all at fault.
anyoine still watchging in 2017??
Chuck Norris would have got the kebab.
She's more of a man than the little girl giggling and watching with their camera.
This looks like the Punisher I've always wanted. I hope it delivers.
We know that this show will be one of the top Marvel shows ever...but I am also happy with the fact that BEN BARNES IS ALSO IN THE SHOW!!!!!!!
I was so tired of all the shitty Marvel stuff coming out... and then I see this. The only Marvel character worth a fuck.
Pun pun kill chan gets his own show. Best part of 2017 yet.
Someone from Disney had to okay this. Just let that sink in.
If this show is good they best bring back Finn Cooley in future seasons, frank did the liberty of taking his face off in dd so he has even more of a reason to hate him than in the comics
such GOOSEBUMPS on ONE that I actually missed the trailer 😂😎🤘
Who else is still watching the trailer multiple times?
No shitty writing could drag down Jon Bernthal's BRILLIANT performance as the Punisher.
Jon just has that iconic battle cry, y'know? I might just make it my new ringtone.
You know what I would've love to see the punisher and John wick work together.
Can't wait to binge watch The Punisher
This is better then arrow and flash
This will be a welcome addition after those 3 pieces of shit. Daredevil was great but then we had to sit through The Mighty PSTD Mudshark, The Soul Train and Slightly less gay Loras Tyrell
This Guy was the best role in Daredevil series. Gonna be awesome!
metallica wtf are you doing in all these lame movies??
is gonna be daredevil in the punisher ?
tale Does anyone  see  larger  this wotk ? .
This is great and all and I'm psyched for this but it'd also be really cool if you added Preacher (Both seasons) and other seasons that you guys left out for other shows like Flash.
Has the possibility of being a better show than Daredevil or at least on par and that alone says A LOT!!!
Don’t get me wrong Netflix made a lot of amazing shows, but this might be the best Netflix series out of all shows
I've always loved the Punisher and this looks fucking badass especially with Metallica's One
Now THAT'S how you do a TRAILER!
This is so lit, can't wait to watch!
Holy crap! Very excited for this!
I'm watching just so I can see the collective shits that these guys take when they find the trails of bodies left over by The Punisher...\nIt's going to be good.
What song, other than One, could so perfectly capture Frank Castle's essence?\n\nWell done, Netflix.\n\nJust don't fuck it up.
Hope it's not cheesed up with lots of crying and depression.
This looks dope. Glad they're giving the punished his own stand alone series he was amazing in Daredevil I just hope they have another crossover. Maybe joins the Defenders somewhere down the road
Guessing this will come out on the marine corps birthday
wow!at 0:44 - 0:45 the bursts of shooting happened perfectly in time to the Metallica guitar drop. that was freaking well played .....
so when does it come out?
Who else is hyped for the Punisher theme song?!?!?!?!
I've watched this trailer to many times
Terrible choice of your actor
Looks awesome!\nAnd adding Metallica on this, is just 10x more awesome.
America could  a Frank Castle in every major city :)
I don’t know what it is but I just see one shot where Bernthal has a buzz cut and another shot where he has long hair and short on the sides and another shot where he has a buzz cut and then another shot where he has long hair and short on the sides, etc. What’s happening!? 😂
Now that's what I'm talking about
Punisher version is kratos at real life.
I don't see why not. Gotham got a jewish Bruce Wayne. Now we getn a jewish Punisher. I guess he will be killing Trump supporters or some weird shit? This fall jewish zionist Punisher kills white freedom.
So happy to see this happening, I hope this is out Nov. or Dec. 2017.
holy crap, it looks like a tv series of john wick!! this is awesome!
Is it wrong that I'm judging Reaction videos by how fast they can figure out that Metallica's One is playing? Cause I got that in like 3 notes and once I did I knew the trailer was going to be SO MUCH BETTER for it!
Some people were just born to play certain roles. This is Jon Bernthal's role.
Please tell me that there will be a scene in that The Punisher is just casually rocking out to One whilst spray-painting his vest and loading his arsenal...Netflix, just give me that...
Netflix better not nake punisher as pussy as they made the other heros..they were all scared to actually kill ppl. Or they would make Rosario Dawson's character talk them out of killing ppl
The Punisher is back!
Perfect Music  to set the tune for what is going to beb a kick ass season .....Woooo  can't wait
This is the best thing I've ever seen in my life.
Sooo the date is blacked out. What's up with that?
Daredevil season 2 trailer has 7million views today, and this Punisher trailer achieved 6.3 million views in 6 days of release... this was awesome!!!
Why is this rewriting what happened in daredevil
Meh, seen it all before...
basically John wick the tv show
Metallica just made how much money?
Awesome trailer but I'm really sick and tired of seeing Karen everywhere.
0:20 through 0:40 is the best part (in my opinion)
145k to 2k.... Jesus what a like massacre. And for a good reason
Hell yea no stupid Daredevil in the way saying not to kill anyone that was getting annoying real quick
I thought shane turned a zombie and was shot by carl hmmmmmmm
2k SJW's disapproved of this. \n\nHow can you click on a Punisher trailer and then not like what you saw here?
Shane from The Walking Dead RETURNS.
This two and a half minute trailer is better than 13 episodes of Iron Fist.
Watching the trailer made me late for work. Worth it! 🤓
Free Netflix Download http://www.freegrabapp.com/free-netflix-download\n\nWe are proud to inform our users that FreeGrabApp released the first application that is able to download Netflix videos for free, without spending internet traffic, and without disrupting NETFLIX limitations!!\n​\nHow to download Netflix video using FreeGrabapp Netflix download:\n\nNetflix doesn't allow you to download videos so you can watch them offline. However, it is possible so we're going to show you how to download Netflix video to watch it offline on any device including iPad and Android. \n\nThe downloader is great when traveling on the plane where you can't watch online. After installing the downloader on your device, all you need to do is to just to drop the netflix video link into the program and to download in HD.\n​\nPros:\nDownload and converts videos with a single click.\nEasily download Netflix in high quality.\nSupports a wide range of formats.\n3 times faster downloading speed.
I thought his family got killed in a park by a load of gangs?
I wish Thomas Jane was still the punisher, probably still give this show a shot tho
No we need Blade on Netflix!
Song?
Coming this November
Shoot on sight,My pleasure.....BADASS PUNISHER/FRANK CASTLE
IS this PG 13?
well that was f*cking intense
I SAW A MUSTANG YYYyyAaAAAAA wwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why no date
What pussyshit liberal disliked this
11.1.17 or 11.4.17
I'm speechless
See ya around Red
Shane fuck you!
PLEASE MAKE THIS R-RATED... PLEASE!!!!
even dolph is more bad ass
he fucked with loren thats not cool RICK
HOLLY FUCKING SHIT KILL'EM ALL MOTHERFUCKER
Release date?
Punisher is back baby!
1:50 gives me a boner
Bad casting choice for Punisher.
Hell yea! Can't wait!
It says coming in 2017. Netflix it's 2 months away from 2018. Hurry up! Punisher kills... Daredevil plays with them.💥👊
Thomas Jane was the best Punisher. Noone even comes close
This trailer was so fucking amazingly put together I shed a tear
The trailer looks good, that mainstream EMO rock playing behind it though was terrible. \nMetallica = Soft music for soft people.
Brought to you by good old Disney.
Damn! This is one of the best trailers of all time!
Maybe this one doesnt suck like the first one
Okay this show looks great... but how they showed his wife dying doesn’t add up with what they said happened in daredevil, just saying
Its one - metallica
This one of the hardest trailers I’ve seen in long time for anything
Parker is Samoan. He has 20 aunties that would whoop hughie lol
Parker:If I let you push me, do you think it might help ticket sales?\n\nFury: Should I throw some water bottles at you too?\n\nParker: Nah. A decent shove oughta do...\n\nFury: Alright, Mate!
There just trying to get some publicity for the fight. Im a big boxing fan only just found out its showing on tube. I bet most don't know its even on.
WANKERS why on u tube do no one can stream it cunts
Paler looks like a grandad up on the stage
Pathetic attempt at trying to create some controversy and interest.
I'm picking Hughie to beat Parker by UD. I'm not entirely confident about it, but I think he'll pull it off like Tyson beat Klitschko.
Hughie looks fat. He looks untrained.  I'm surprised.  I thought he was pounding beef, not shoving down his throat in the form of Big Macs and Whoppers. Also, I'm laughing at the local simpletons dissing JPs physique...ironic considering it looks like Hughie trained at the pub.
Fucking pikey bastards!!!!
Joseph Parker v Hughie Fury - WHO WINS?
pussys protected by security + teambuddies
start time plz frm NewZealand
Disgusting behavior.  Honestly..  Parker is a gentleman.  What an embarrassment to British boxing .... I Actually hope Parker wins now. He should do anyhow.  He's a formidable fighter. Pissed off with their bs... Peter is alright though.
Hi
Hennessy Looks like a Don!!
I think you Hughie Fury will win
Someone is kissing 👄 the floor ✊👊👊 and it's gonna be hughie lol....auto correct
Wow, the new penny wise was in a really high definition in the thumbnail
I watched this movie and the original
1990: yeah we don't want them mixing blood cuz of how popular AIDS are even tho it takes place in the 50s.\n\n2017: We'll show them mixing blood cause AIDS isn't as serious as it used to be even tho it takes place when AIDS was popular.\n\nseriously tho...this is a lil bullshit😂
I feel like Tim Curry Pennywise is still the best, I mean Bills Skarsgard Pennywise did do a great job with the looks in my opinion but they kinda exaggerated the sfx on the character although Tim Curry wasn't that scary to me but still captivated and made me more or less surprised if thats the right word? I still feel like it was the book that reeled me in to the It series.
Raise your hand if you're excited for chapter 2 ✋🏼
In Australia it's MA15+
The miniseries took the Neibolt House and put it in Memorial Park in place of the Stand Pipe.
i have the First Movie IT
You forgot one was good the other is the miniseries.
Something old galaxy slip seed engineer survey music.
ALSO Beverly is more with Bill then Beverly with Ben
The Barrens was totally underplayed. Still no smoke hole or any indication of It's origin. No Ritual of Chüd.
I wont float too im way to fat
How are they going to make part 2 scarier?  They all grew immune to the fear pennywise introduced.  So what fear as adults can be in a horror film?
I've never heard this channel cuss before
the IT clown in 1990 looks lioe the clown of mcdonalds lol
Patrick is gay, everyone saw his smile and him lick his lips right?
2017 legit scares the shit out of me lol......and I love horror.
Is it bad that ...I have not seen EITHER of the movies, nor read the book
ok im confused this video says Beverly has sex in the book some other IT video said Beverly was gang raped in the book, either way I don't look forward to reading that
pennywise comes out every 27 years.it has been 27 years.Coincidence i think not
The motivation for Billy in 2017 IT was so much stronger.  A child trying to find his little brother because no one else will is so much stronger and heartfelt than a boy seeking revenge.
For the people that say he needs to lure the kids are correct but he also feeds on fear so he needs to scare them last second so he can eat em
For the final time the original was not a series it was a fucking movie
the 2017 IT is not even scary
The old one is so dumb but the book and the new movie are great
I float even when I'm not down there
I think dropping f-bombs adds nothing to the movie but violence and overall creepiness dose. Cussing is just a stupid way for it to get some R_rated points.
(2017) IT + Tim curry pennywise\n\nGreatest movie of all time
Pennywise: You'll float to!\n\nGeorgie: No thanks!\n\nPennywise: Your loss!
2:21 - It sucks him dry...\nDaiiumn, even pennywise can't help but to be horny sometimes 😂😂😂.\nI'll let myself out now...
Do anybody else think that the new pennywise is cute
How about the differences between the first IT how Georgie got killed vs the new IT...Biggest difference that I had seen..
IT (2017) made me laugh and IT (Original) still hunts me still to this day.
Tim curry plays it not bob gray
Old was scary...new was rehashed cgi that was just goofy.
The 1990's version was a joke. The 2017 version is superior in every way. Including the clown.
Beverly's act of love for her friends.... In the book she fucks all her friends. Somehow it kept their powers intact enough for them to be able to figure their way out of the sewers once they defeat It
Who's Bob Grey?
In 2044 we'll say it's not that scary
im not gonna float you lying ass, im a fat nigga
Way too many dumb jumpscares in the new movie. I cant blame the movie though because i went to the theatre and saw it and the majority of people get scared by jump scares... i wish that wasnt the case so we could get a horror movie that brings the fear by disturbing imagery and story instead of cheap tricks...
1:23 she says IT part 2 is in 2016
They did it better
One thing didn’t change.... they both suck.
Do you have Prince Albert in a can?\nWell, you better \nLET\n\nHIM\n\nOUT\n\n\nAH-HUNGK\n\nAH-HUNGK\n\nAH-HUNGK\n\n\n*loudly wheezes like an asthmatic*
Please do not waste your money seeing this film..it is not scary at all ...at some scenes you might even laugh...
You float to you float to YOU FLOAT TOO😈😈
We all float down here and...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!!😆🤡🎈🌊
also, in the new movie bill kills fake georgie at the end with some spike gun thing, while in the mini series (i think) Georgie just dissapears. and i dont know what happens in the book
Anybody else saw this the day it came out????
I am learning to play 'Stand By Me' for marching band 😨
The new it movie was all made really good accept that pennywise was played by a little boy basically just outa kindergarten
The amount of puns that are in this video 👍👌
In this one, penny wise is scary as fuck. I’m gonna do the IT dance to everyone who comes to my door in a mask that looks like him this Halloween. The unpredictability of the clown is one of the freakiest parts.
*clicks on video*\nWatchMojo: they all float down here\n*clicks off video*
IT was a amazing movie but still when he made the movie added in that kid hitting his head it's like he wanted jokes about the the movie
Who else found some scenes of the old it funny. Like the library scene or the shower scene when he comes out of the drain
you running out of top tens
Actually in the new movie they don't actually mix blood, they hold the others persons hand that hasn't been cut and make a promise, kind of like a blood pact but without mixing blood
The big ass forehead is what actually scares me.
We all float on ..⛵
I float after a joint 😥😤😧💨
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=24541
Stop
scarier no just ore gross and 2017 left a lot of important parts of the book
bloxcity.com is a cringy RoBlOX ripoff
Like dude *You'll float too...*
Sucks him dry
Welp both movie killed Georgie
Just telling u that the guy with the glasses is the funniest he mad me laugh
STANLEY AND EDDIE DIES I REPEAT STANLEY AND EDDIE DIES
wait, if the new it took place in the late 80's, i think the sequel will be 27 years from then! the time in the sequel will be the year it releases
2017 was the best
piss + shit = gray water
https://youtu.be/HP_aGGgR4Vs yes
This movie was hilarious
I wanna float I wanna float
Some don't float...🔪
Waste of money........
You'll flout too...\n\n🎈🤡
Hey.....\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou'll float too
This seems evil
Time to float
777 dislikes lucky 7
hey georgie
Yall will fucking float
Penny wise:Want Ballon?\nMe:(ShootsHim)Nope Ugly
It better not come out 27 years from now
Can anyone send me full link of IT (2017)? Tnx
I think should be a The shining remake.
IT 2017 was actually good. there's a big difference that you missed.
2017 was sooooooo funny especially Richie aka Finn and Eddie aka jack
Yay I saw 3 Green Day albums in the back ground :D
It? \nPretty creepy\n\nStephen King? \nAmazing author \n\nHotel? \nTrivago
Old is better
BEEP BEEP RICHIE!
Beep beep ima sheep
Top ten or at least a few it did differently than the iconic original\n\n10. Have some CGI laced nobody play penny wise instead of the iconic Tim Curry\n\n9. Have gratuitous pratfalls that served ZERO character development like the younger brother running into a road barrier for no reason\n\n8. Have gratuitous jumpscares that serve no purpous than to cash in on the easy scare tactics of air-quotes horror icons like FNAF.\n\n7. Have toxic cast members who harass youtubers on their social media for not liking their shitty movie such as one of the staff members harassing TjKirk otherwise known as The Amazing Athiest\n\n6. Not have Tim Curry in it.\n\n5. Piggybacking shamelessly on the success of an original horror icon rather than making something original and new.\n\n4. Same as 5 kinda, not taking the same risk something like The Dark Tower did and at least TRYING a different king book adaptation that hasn't been done before.\n\n3. Following the overdone Christopher Nolan Batman route, and assuming making things more, dark and edgy makes it better. It doesn't unless you are an easily pleased 14 year old edgelord with no taste in cinema.\n\n2. Abuse the HELL out of social media to overhype itself to the point that fans (mostly bandwagon facebook and tumbler losers wanting attention for the trend will batently overlook the flaws it has and even go as far as to bash lovers of the original.\n\n1. Exist. Seriously, as campy as the OG was I know PLENTY of people who hate clowns because of it. Most king mini series were campy and bad. But they were on the level of So bad it's good such as Maximum Overdrive. This thing didn't NEED to be made, and a dead rotting fish in the middle of the room could be better than the original from a filmmakers perspective because again, the mini series sucked in that aspect (looking at you spider monster) but it doesn't matter. IT, and Curry himself is what helped to MAKE the phobia of clowns a mainstream thing BEFORE these tumbler faggos ruined it by piggybacking off its success. Sure rotten rating tomatoes rated it good, doesn't mean it will EVER be the cult classic the original it blatantly copied will EVER be. \n\n\nFuck your CGI, fuck your edgy shitty cast members, fuck your millennial fanbase, fuck your social media crap, fuck not penny wise's giant head and shitty jumpscares, the OG is and always will be the better film and this is coming from someone raised on king works, and who DID read the book so eat my ass.\n\n~Notifications are off good luck talkin' shit, but for those that do anyway eat my ass~
I can't wait for the entire planet to dress up as pennywise for Halloween. So original.
Lmfao at the fact that ppl voted no for the kkw review lmao
I feel like I lost 10 pounds LMFAO!
Gorgeous Casey! <3
ASMR with the KKW kit! 👻
Love your eye look
I Loveee the Huda Palette is stunning! #snapchatfam xoxo 💗💗💗💗💗
I don't mind to apply with my fingers at all if it gives me the best pigmentation 😊
Try the sponge applicators that come with drugstore palettes I use my colourpop shadows like that 🤷🏻‍♀️
I almost always use my finger for shimmery shadows. It doesn't bother me but I can see how it would be a pain with long nails!
Your lip gloss is poppin 😍
I always apply shimmers with my finger! Love the simplicity of it, how quick it can be and the color payoff is 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
Allllll ya meats... hahahaha Great video!!
casey deserves much more subs
I miss the vlogs!
Want the desert dusk soooo bad. The rose one never interested me but this one omggggg
LOL the struggle of the doorbell and dogs barking while filming 😩
I was obsessed with the Rose Gold palette. But I have short nails for using my fingers isn’t an issue.
What essence mascara is she referring to? Thanks!!
I don't like putting any makeup on with my fingers, especially shadows.
So I don’t have to use my fingers I use those small sponge applicators that everyone throws away but they work WONDERS for metallics and glitter. And then I buff with a brush
What's the essence mascara you like?
hey which one would you recommend the too faced born this way setting powder or the peach perfect mattifying setting powder?
Good things to do when you get sick:\nDrink water\nTake some medicine\nWatch Casey's videos
Which essence mascara is she talking about?
I really loved the Lancôme mascara I got a sample and fell in love with my already long lashes it made them very plump! I’m ok with the Becca but the lady at Sephora mixed mine with their liquid bronzer and it was awesome! By itself I wasn’t as impressed. \n\nDo you have any tips as far as wearing make up with sun glasses? I always get a line from where my sunglasses sit on my face and wonder if you had any tips to not get the line ?
I feel like the highlights REAAALLLY emphasize your texture. I like your smashbox highlighter better.
Using my fingers doesn't bother me to apply anything glittery or foiled. I also prefer a brush for precision and because half the time I'll forget I did it and get it all over my face when I put on primer 😂\nLove your vids girl I'm oily with texture too and I can take what you say as gospel 😻
Use those shitty eyeshadow applicators with the sponges on the ends for the glitter! It works wonders! #lifehack
It's like opening a bag of chips. Lol
Girl, that Essence mascara is the bomb dot com! Thank you so much for introducing it to me. I use it everyday and have gotten so many friends to use it. #addicted
I really think that your base looked flawless!
hate using my fingers, only because they're chubby asff and it's just messy
I used the LANCOME HIGHLIGHTER AS EYE SHADOW AND OMG!! YOU MUST TRY IT POPPED ON THE LID, AND OVER OTHER COLORS HOLY S&*#! TRY IT, THOSE HIGHLIGHTERS ARE NO JOKE. LOV YA
Subscribed 3 minutes in on my first video lol
TBH I don't mind applying with my fingers as long as I get a good pay off with that amazing colour, though the palette is very pricy I think they r worth it because of the shades - I love the HUDA BEAUTY ROSE GOLD palette more than the Dessert Dusk (like pigment wise and the textured eyeshadows) - well I think that the Rose gold pallet is more worth it because of the unique textured eyeshadows where as the Dessert Dusk tho it has like general eyeshadows that u can get in other pallets (the matte shades) tho I feel like the Dessert Dusk palette's price should be lowered - \n\nThat's my own personal preference.
No matter how pretty the palette is. I HATE using my fingers.. I have small eyes and it's really hard to control
The noise on the bag reminds me of when I open a bag of hot cheetos😂
i love how no matter what foundation you are testing you always use a brush on one side & a sponge on the other! it truly does help people see what way works best! thank you for this video!!
this becca foundation and dermalogica primer gave you baby butt skin lol. i like that combo!
Omg love this look ❤️❤️❤️ you killed it !
Anyone else want to immediately buy that eyeshadow palette after seeing how that shadow applied with her finger? GORGEOUS CASEY!
Will you film makeup collection soon? 🤔😘
Yeah.  I like to apply eyeshadow with my fingers.  Of course I wash my hands beforehand.  Never had a problem
Try the lancome high definition mascara I can't spell the French name 😂😂😂 i love it on my lashes
I think this is my favorite look that you've done!!
Derm is discontinuing the hydra blur primer! 😭😭😭 it’s my faveee
Shimmer eye shadows are the only product I'll use my fingers for. Even when I use setting spray on my brush, my fingers beat it with the color pay off. Every time!
Don't you use the Urban Decay Velvetizer anymore?
The Huda palette wasn't even on my radar until I saw this look. Wow. So pretty!
Guys do you know name of backround music Please ?
What brushes are you using? It doesnt bother me to use my fingers but i understand with long nails how it could be a pain. Love you and your channel
Love and miss your dark hair! And the natural hair waves! Looks sleek when you put your hair at the back!
Should have used the finger that's missing a nail
Your natural lashes look so pretty in this video! I loved seeing you with no falsies 😍
to answer your question Casey, I don't have a problem getting down & dirty when it comes to using my fingers for pressed glitter or shimmer shadows.. It's SOOOOO worth the color payoff 🖐😋🎨ur look for the huda desert palette is gorgeous! purple glow on your lid is stunning!!! totally liking how the kkw contour palette in light came out on your cheeks.... bronzer color was very warm, but muted  &the contour color came out pretty as well 😉  primer&foundation looked full coverage w/o being cakey on 📷 but of course, sometimes, you see more details than us subscribers do 💁👥👁
Omg what essence mascara is she talking about? It sounds like I need it in my life 😭
Personally I wouldn't buy a palette that I could only use my fingers with bc I agree I think the brush allows you to be more precise. I do like this palette from your swatches but I don't think I would use it enough to buy it. Loved this video girl! xox
does anyone know the brush she used to set her eye lids with?
Even if the product isn't for you...you still you look gorgeous😍 I love you!! Keep staying beautiful❤
I got the peach Lancôme highlighter a few weeks ago. It's gorgeous and I love it as an eye shade as well!
I hate applying eye shadows with my fingers its never as concise as I like to have it:/ Love this video your so amazing
instead of using the tape to shape your eyeshadow you should try baking with loose powder right there at an angle where the tape would go, it gives the same effect except more blurred and soft!
It comes in a sealed package like you would do to all your meats 😂 That comment made my day! Love you girl! ❤️🍕🍕🍕
I really dislike using my fingers to apply shadow. I feel like I can't get a precise clean look. It really does make a difference though vs a wet flat brush. Definitely wouldn't buy a palette that specifically says to use your fingers though
I was so happy to see a look not using Cosmo! Thank you for the great video
i thought she looked so great after she finished her foundation and concealer!
Where did you get the shirt at in this video?? Loveeee it
Hands down the best foundation out there! #becca
personally I don't mind using my fingers but I would prefer the option of a brush. I LOVEEE this eye look... made me want that palette :)
Omg love that new huda beauty palette, I've been wanting a review of it for a while but I freaking want it and I love the eye look on you Casey good job with the video and keep up the good work 👍👍❤❤
I love when I use shimmers and glitters with my fingers. I just think it's easier. As far as the Dermalogica primer, I hated it. I have dry skin, and it made my skin oily. My foundation looked like a hot mess at the end of a few hours. 😢
Your face when the doorbell rang 😂😂😂 I love this eye look on you, it's gorgeous!
i have the huda rose gold pallet..im not crazy about it..the mattes are okay..the two pearl shades are beautiful..the textured shadows i found difficult to work with..and generally i prefer a finger application for my lid with any shimmer shade..i like the richness of color i get from finger application..i found the light shades in the textured shadows very patchy and difficult to distribute evenly across the lid..and i found the deeper shades in the textured shadows..the deep red and the bronzy color much smoother and easier to work with..but overall..i never reach for the pallet ..there is something in the formula of the textured shadows that the skin on my eye lids dont react well to..my eyes burn and itch all day while wearing them so i dont use the pallet
Casey you look amazing and that top is so cute!!!!! 🌻
You should test out the dermacol foundation! I think you'd really like it!
I know I personally always use my finger to apply any glitter eyeshadows because it makes them pop more (but I have the same issue, can’t be extremely precise, so then I go in with a flat brush to clean up)
Hi Casey! I've actually been challenging myself to use one palette for the work week and I recently used the Rose Gold Palette! I really enjoyed this palette a lot! I really hadn't used it since I purchased it, so its been awhile. But wearing the Rose Gold Palette worked out in my favor this past work week!
I prefer finger and then go in with a brush to add more or to perfect the lines since fingers are not precise when in comes to a good line on the lid .
I can't use my fingers to apply eyeshadow. I don't think I get it on my lid well, and I hate when my hands are in my way! Haha
I ALWAYS use my finger for my shimmers all over the lid. Way better payoff and i find it pretty easy and fast.
Was literally at ultra today trying to remember which essence mascara you loved 😩 what was it called?
The color schemes of both of the palettes are pretty similar or the price!
looooveeeeee it!!! btw you don´t pronounce the N in monsieur
Casey, I think your Smashbox highlights look so much nicer on your skin than the two in this video!
Does anyone know what Huda lip strobe she was comparing the Ciate one to?
what essence mascara were you talking about?
I love those milk makeup lippies! I wore cream and wifey for my wedding in August! It gave me a very subtle ombré lip!
Can you try out the Mac eyeshadow pallet x 15? I would love to see what you think about it!
I'm obsessing over that mascara!
I tried the rose gold palette and had to return it, I just didn't like it
I love Casey and she's my go to YouTuber but I can't afford anything she likes 😭
Always love your eye looks!
Girlllllll!!!! I am not in to the super sparkly shadows, but you don't this look makes me want to try it out!
That satisfaction you feel when you hear the packaging like rustling, is called ASMR. There lots of people who do asmr videos on youtube. They range everything from eating sounds to different kinds of paper crinkling, gum chewing or popping, haircut sounds (like scissors cutting hair) or coloring in a book or whispering while reading...so many things its insane! Alot of people even enjoy makeup videos because they find it gives them asmr aswell. Its not the reason i watch them but hey, whatever floats your boat lmao
I wouldn't buy a palette where you had to use your finger to apply it. It's one thing to choose to do that and another to get no pigment unless you do. Pink Eye is real👀 people.
do you still use the bumble and bumble shampoo and conditioner?! your hair is literally always so pretty even when its not done!!And its so hydrated lol. Love this look also! xoxo
I usual don't like applying eyeshadow with my finger but the palette is totally worth it BTW love your videos and if you say something good then I have to buy it💋💗❤💏💖
OMG I really want the Huda Beauty palette so much xx
I found that sponge-tipped applicators are best for laying down finger only shadows. The texture is similar to finger tips.
Yes i would 100 percent buy a palette that required you to use your fingers, sometimes your fingers are the best tools and there is always baby/make-up wipes to clean your finger up after :) x
All the funny parts shown in the trailer
So it's basically Tron but in a jungle.
Looks like a fun and decent movie. Just not at all like the original. Didn't expect any remake, but it's sooo different. lol.
I want to see this so bad. I love the original movie
Glad they chose to go different direction than the original, and make it their own movie! this actually looks better than I thought it would!
omg it's the actress of amy pond from doctor who im dying
and then a skeleton pops out
I want him to do a movie with Steve Austin
Rub some bacon on it
Why did you make this horrible movie
Sure it's stupid but it also looks entertaining and I'm gonna see it
Sooooo the board game made itself into a video game? Sounds like a stretch. I bet they added that after people complained there was no board game in the original trailer. Smart move, but not sure it'll work.
Making my favorite childhood movie a horror movie to 5 year olds
I'm watching this money it looks so good ;)
I love welcome to the jungle song
Back when I was a kid, I watched Jumanji a couple of times. This looks like nothing compared to the old film but interesting. But I'll always know Robin Williams from the old movie.
Finally the rock has made again an other video
90s Movies are being raped by Gen Z for real.
they had me at karen gillan
Not the same without robin williams.
Pure shills people in the comment section.
I wish Robin was around to do a cameo.  I miss him.
Nothing will beat the original but this looks interesting
Do you still loke Wwe and do you like John cena
That good to be the best movie
i can't wait for it :D :D it's pretty fuckin awsome
its 2017 its obvious game style changed ...dont just look at old style of game
Jack Black has a bow tie?....... Bow ties are cool\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll leave
I want to like this 10 million times!!!!!!!!
Who else really really wants to watch this movie and can't wait for it to come out
very wwoo the rock king
now its just a bad creepy pasta
Is that Amy Pond?
I was hoping we’d see some giant spiders or three headed fish
I'll only watch this for Karen Gillan.
lmao they all changed except the nigger. Once a nigger always a nigger i guess.
School nerdy, virgin girl finds herself in the body of a hot woman - she'll be shagging everything. Oh, it's a family picture so maybe she won't.
noo...a modernized version of a board game becoming a computer game...this ain't what Jumanji is about -.-
was worried this was redoing the Robin Williams movie, actually this looks pretty good
So the board game turned into a video game? And did they try to imitate the scene in Jurassic world where Chris Pratt is riding his motorcycle with the raptors
When does this come out??\nand is the main guy (the guy who burried it the first time)(actor of genie) okay or Is he dead?
OMG im such a big fan
Your the best
Why do they have to remake movies nowadays they make them evil? And they have swear words in them too and they have kids watching them that's wrong.
The usual illumanti owned actors getting millionaire movie roles..
this is the dumbest shit i have seen this year  wtf leave jumanji alone this is garbage
Nothing is original anymore, just reboot after reboot
Son base somewhat suspect ours slightly dark much.
ship focus baby contest while attack taste trading bite general.
Not gonna lie, that lineup is stacked :)
Way to ruin a classic. You combined all the cancerous elements of modern day hollywood and wrapped it into one movie. And you wonder why people flee the movies in mass.\n\nFuck you, Hollywood.
Ain't the same with out Robin Williams.
I saw the trailer Lready it was the add at the start of the video
Hey Rock, how do you like that Illuminate cock?
Black Guy: Am I still black?\nGirl: yeah \nBlack Guy: Then I’m fine! \n*explodes* \nMe: *dead laughing*
there's 3 lives in each characters and im guessing there's one character will be doing some tragic scene with only 1 live left
Can you smell what the rock is cooking
I do think the film will good, but in my opinion I think it takes away a bit Robbin Williams legacy of making a Jumanji 2
Rip Robin Williams from the 1st one :/
where the Whovians at?
Well done movie trailer the whole plot of the movie rune and you spoiled a lot of funny and action scenes. So when people see or if they see the movie they will now what parts are coming before hand
So this is going to be a very different kind of movie than the Jumanji of '95, and that's a good thing.\nHMMM
Wait your still alive?! My mom said you were dead HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
veer nice
Good God no cake
Rip robin williams :(
Aha quita y plque
Karen :3 ufff cute girl sexy
Сука
This movie will suck
Cool\nNice
Hola
yeah...no thanks
No
They killed Kevin Hart with... diabetes? WTF?!
SAO? xD
This is gay
+Amir Hadzic
Nick jonas?
NICK JONAS YAAAAAASSS
What. The. Fuck.
right
Brs?
Cool film
So cool
That's  not how it works, that's not how any of it works. Everyone saying it looks good hasn't seen the original.
This movie has only one thing going for it.. Jack Black..
Karen Gillan's flat tummy. I'm in love.
Kevin hart and the rock? Fine! I'll go!
KEVIN HART IS A LEGEND!
Cant wait to come out
This is better than the old jumanji
hey piece shit say how is satan doing these days
I don't know if Im going to see this I might just wait for it to come to redbox. I feel like certain movies they don't need to remake or even add a second one and this is definitely one of them. By them changing the game to a video game kinda takes away from it feeling like Jumanji
Another cheesy rock movie with his pal Kevin hart
The rock can only act as the rock. His range fucking blows. Plus Kevin Hart to top off this shit sandwich. That movie about those dumbasses stuck in a pool is starting to look pretty good rn.
I like this trailer but I really want to see a movie about how the game is Created in the first place! Who's with me?!
Cool trailer.
watching it
4 great actors = 1 badass movie
when everyone would go with EDM and here we have IU bringin back old memories with such interisting song . much love byb <3
All her songs has a 90's vibe and im loving it so much ❤️
If you don't think IU is the best thing in the world... you're the one in trouble.
who are the 3k people who disliked the video? i just wanna talk,,,
never thought retro pop can get me high
is this an old song? because I think I've heard it somewhere before. but the one who sing is a man not IU.
IU looks like she just got back from the SNSD party and she has to go to another one XDXDXD
This mv looks like one of those tumblr aesthetics
Don't watch this at night when you're taking a break from writing a paper because then you will also want a giant thing of cheese puffs so you can eat them all.
QUEEN EVERY SINGLE TIME
I LOVE HOW ARTISTIC IU IS WITH THE WAY SHE PORTRAYS HERSELF AND THE AESTHETIC MAKES ME SO HAPPY.
Last night story is such a fresh song to listen when morning comes.
My face is on the floor I freaking love this song ♡
백댄서  미치겠닼  ㅋ ㅋ ㅋ ㄱ ㅋ ㅋ ㄲㅋㄱㅋㅋ
Iu ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
장기하의 망령이 보인다
cute 💕💕
어젯밤에 난 니가 미워졋어~
Aaaah taekiiiiiii
Sobangcha!
A IU tá muito diferente nesse MV...
iu no :1
임현제나왔따!!!!둘다 너무 귀엽게 나옴ㅜㅜㅜ
이거 뮤비너무 귀엽고 ㅋㅋㄲㅋㅋㄱㅋㅋ 그화장 그렇게 잘 소화하셔 ㅠㅜ ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
처음 들을땐 원곡은 못따라오군 했는데 계속 듣게되네ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
강아지굴러가는거 왜케 귀엽지 ㅋㅋㅋ
특유의 목소리가 어울릴까 했었는데 음색도 노래맞게 바꿀수있는 팔색조같은 목소리를 갖고있는듯♡
데뷔이래 가장 밝은 머리로 염색했다는게 이번 뮤비때문이었구나 ㅋㅋ 너무 이쁘네요 ㅠㅠㅜ 창법도 색다르고~ 하 너무 좋음 그냥
I love this so much. IU really delivers.......
*Check out my IU last night story inspired makeup?* 💄😁💗
Woow I Love This Song
i'm so happy
why do i feel like this could be the opening theme for some really quirky animé?
i love the mv 😂😂❤❤❤
lmao this is so cute
1988
Carrot girl slayed!!! daebak!
iu and bts legend❤
Why does this give me a Turkish song vibe 🤔❤️
This is a nice version but i'm so used to the original ver.
Waiting for the dance practice XD
I think i miss Reply 1988 now😂
haven't watched any other dramas after reply 1988 since last year, that drama is that good
ughh i wish this was promoted. even if just a cover, this is one of her best dongs.
who are those 2 extras?? THEY SO EXTRA LIKE DAYUM I WANT TO KNOW THEM
Should I be sad or happy?
외쳐 갓이유😍😍😍😍
아이유 아닌줄 알았엉ㅋㅋㅋ
rasanya kayak ngedengerin musik jadul😂😂
이쁘다 지은이~♥
큽 좋타
REPLY 1988
소방차 원곡버젼이 훨씬 좋아!
crazy dance😂  \n.. so funny
fk IU 😂😂
아이유 귀엽다...
:-)ilove it
완선이 누나가 들린다~~~
아라가 번져도 예쁘다ㅠㅠㅠㅜ
I started to watch Reply 1988 after so many comments mentioning it and now I'm hooked xD
they want to kill jungkook with her glamorous body omaygad.(i don`t know why im still alive?)\ngive her applause guyseu!!! :)
reply 1988 <3
Reply 1988!
Why do I suddenly miss REPLY 1988. GOSH MY HEARTEU IU 💖
replay button !! Lov it
☺💗
hot as hell
아이유가 솔로인 이유는 다른 걸그룹들을 혼자서 다 씹어 먹을수 있기 때문이다... 라는 말이 생각나네요
이게 뭔데 구라안까고 10번이나보고  볼때마다 아이유 화장한게 역대급으로 이쁘냐!?
1절에 어젯밤 파티는 할때 몇번을 돌려보는지..내 개인 킬링파트다 여기ㅠㅠㅠ
I get Jang KiHa's vibes from this XD
her makeup look though? someone hop on a tutorial rn
i was so depressed with life then i watched this god the world just went upside down
Digital queen, I love.
I suddenly remember about seok jin and soo ro singing this song in running man xD
Still very true to the original!
It's so cute
Not a word mentioned about the Ectasy tab at 1:05 ummmmm.
오 이노래 아이유는 홍진영 느낌나요 ㅋㅋ
섹시하게 입어도 안섹시하고 귀여운느낌은 뭐지??
아이유가 리메이크하니까 또 다른누낌이네🎈
어디서 많이 들어본 노래인가 했더니 소방차 노래잖아?!
표정 무표정에 아무 생각  없어보이는데 그 상태로 어깨 으쓱으쓱하고 웃긴 춤 추니까 괜히 웃겨ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
원곡이 별로라 ㅎㅎ 좀더 신나게 만들지 그랬어요
나성에 가면이랑 좀 비슷한듯
무기력한데 발랄해 ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
제가 노래같은거 잘 모르는데. 혹시 제 생각이 맞다면 아이유 노래 발성법이 약간 달라진거같아요 이노래만 그런건가요?
AMAZING❤
개좋은데 명곡 개잘뽑음..
이노래 이미 다운받아서 내 노트8에 넣었음 ㅎㅎ
이거 360p로 보면 옛날느낌이 더해짐
이 노래는 별로 안좋아하지만 뮤비는 진짜 너무 좋다
아이유 언제나 응원합니다! 소신있는 모습이 보기 좋아요🙈🙈
Lembro da versão original, tem no jogo K-Pop Dance Festival (pra Wii).
El perrito rodando es lo mejor 😂 Amo a IU 💕
adoro AUSHAUSHAUS é a típica música para tocar no karaoke Sozinha :')
i dont understand but his voice is good.☺
love it. reminds me of story of last night from so bang cha.
노래를 생각보다 못하네?? 약간 놀랬음. 재대로 들어본게 처음이라 흠...
What does meaning this song?
LOL 😂😂
This guy is too funny I hope is going to win premiership this season he talk too much about other people
New song from maggie!! this made my whole day better
One day when I already fed up with all of my family and friends bullshit, I'll go to the woods, put this song on earphone then dance like crazy with the trees.
I LOVE THIS DROP OF SUNLIGHT GOD BLESS UR EXISTENCE
Is anybody else getting constant North Face ads with this song in it?
Who else is still watching this in 2028?
Can't believe she filmed parts of this video in my hometown Hamburg! We love you soo much, Maggie!
1:29 If I made a music video it'd just be 4 minutes of me playing with other peoples dogs.
her voice is raw!
This song brought me to absolute tears and gave me the chills and I’m not quite sure why, but I love it.
sing like no one hear, and dance like no one cares...
The first time I listened to this Igor an ad with the song before it and I was like wow the song in this ad is so good. I'll have to check it out later but it turned out to be split stones lol
Her voice is unique 🎤🌷
Very excited by this song. It feels like an exciting step forward from the EP!!
maggue rogers inspires me day by day. her music is so beautiful. so blessed to have found her music
Love Amsterdam, love this song, love her style.
Glasses over board!!!
Great!!!
These lyrics speak to me on a whole other level. Really appreciate this
If you're not racist and believe that terrorism has no religion.   Then watch this video and leave comments. \n\nMust watch. Mslims are not terrorist...NoRacism:  \nhttp://youtu.be/EUaJy2OwGPc
Everything about you is brilliant. Keep fucking crushing it - you rock! 💕
does she lose her sunglasses at 1:05?
and she said she would take a break after this song comes out....
My favorite from her so far!! Speaks to my heart
Inlove with this song 😭😍💗 AMAZING HAPPY
LOTS OF GREAT NEW FEMALE SINGERS WITH GREAT VOICES LIKE THIS.
I still want to take Maggie out for ice cream.
I think I'm in love with her kinda crazy
Love Maggie! Dresses like the 90's, but sings current genre songs!
This song is amazing!
Somebody should send this to Lissie... could be just 2 sisters... \nI like Lissie stuff and i know Maggie material since a year or so... but Maggie seems the most talented of the pair (i know i know i'm kinda cruel)
DAMN THIS IS JUST INCREDIBLE!! LOVE LOVE LOVE..
Amazing talent. Fell in love with her when I first heard Alaska. She does her thing without worrying about what anyone thinks about her. She's perfect
NEW MUSIC FROM MAGGIE OH MY GOSHHHHHHH
is she not perfection?
So in love with this and Maggie!
The North Face ad brought me here!
I had to sit through a 30 sec ad for this. \n\nIt was worth it.
Finally new music from Maggie. Gonna go ahead and replay this 7 million times.
Anyone here because of the North Face Ad?
Her recording style is so refreshing. It's clear that she puts some serious time and effort into these songs.
I heard this on a north face ad and I had to look it up loll
such a free spirit
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
I'm sorry, it's a beautiful video and song, but IM TERRIFIED FOR HER SUNGLASSES BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE THEY FLEW OFF HER FACE AND INTO THE OCEAN.
You are like the coolest woman on earth.
I’m sorry, but this song is generic crap.  It sounds like so much else out there. I’m disappointed. Maggie is better than this.
Another bop and a half from my fave 🎉
I love her so much
Love you Maggie hope I can meet you one day.
I regonised Amsterdam and Rock Werchter \m/. I see that you had a great time. I enjoyed both shows and I hope you will be in the neighborhood again someday.
I love her shes such a babe
Maggie the type of girl you wanna be best friends with
21 people will never know what it feels like to Slit Stones!
I would have expected far more than only 22k views.
I’m in Love 😍
amazing song. imagine her on a dope ass edm song or techno...\n\nupdate: heard the chorus drop. nice work
SO IN LOVE WITH THIS! SO IN LOVE WITH MAGGIE!
I can see all night you've been on split stones\nTrying to make it so we could play loud\nPicking at our souls like we didn't notice\nLike we were only playing with the sound\n\nTrying to control what was so low, but\nI never knew how then to just go and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I'm not saying I would always speak up\nThat it didn't creep up on me all the time\nI'm just saying there was a window\nWhere you could've let go in that place and time\n\nLaughing all it off like it was innocent, oh\nAll I ever wanted was to get rid of it and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I could see us there, you staring at me\nAnd me just praying for it\nI could see us there, standing cheek to cheek\nAnd counting week by week\nWishing everything would be clear\nI could see us there\nI could see us there\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose
She has come up with yet another beautiful song and video,I'm sure here in England it won't be a appreciated,it's a great shame she doesn't get the recognition she deserves over here.
I haven't even watched it yet but I love it
Just heard this on Spotify’s “New Music Friday,” and really liked it. Consider me a new fan
Anybody notice her glasses fly off at 1:05?
HERE FROM THE NORTH FACE COMMERCIAL AHAHA
Say what you want about her but she puts her heart into everything she does and makes AUTHENTIC music which is rare nowadays, the world will want more of her now, and it deserves it
I see some of Hamburg :)
Love love love your lyrics/videos/tunes/vibes ✌
Love it
love you Mags!
This FIRE
Very Nice..Lovely!!
Amsterdam <3
Fix your glasses!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmKkRhPuhVF660P54QdeGeQ
1:06 her sunglasses came off lol
The beat reminds of 1998 by maxo kream
<2
IN LOVE
💙💚💛💜  from Taiwan
<3 maggie killing it
folk gang, gang gang
YASSS QUEEN !
1:07 R.I.P. for the sunglasses
Maggie rules
nc
Great song
Great!
1:05 RIP glasses
off brand sylvan esso
New Maggie forever.
I like
Yessss!!
minha maggie ta viva <3
AAAA YESSSS
❤
😍💖
thanks for existing
Just amazing and fabulous
wifey material
Wow! So special! Thank you Maggie! Let's embrace life together sometime! Keep being beautiful and spreading it!
my baby's so talented. and also when u dance so hard ur glasses fly off the boat ;)))
i did a cover to this song on my channel.. would be glad you you guys checked it out.. its my first youtube video...\n.\nalso leave a like if you enjoyed my drop.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
SOUNDS LIKE TUNAK TUNAK TUN REMIX\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBUT HE MAKES IT BETTER
Check out my channel please!
Honestly i didnt like the drop but lauv voice was so lit tho💥
Make a collab with Drake. On this kind of beat, he will kill it!!!!
Every tiny vocal chops  'a different way' is made by Snake in a different way😂😂😂
I swear the drop was in A Different Way than I expected.
LAUV IS LOVE .... BRING MORE MUSIC
lauv did good as always, but djsnake not really, he can do more
Ahh Shit! I Love His Song!!
why the start feels like Shape of You.
I'm here cause I have seen name of lauv.......🎼🎧😍
Addicted to this song
Just for my opinion that drop ruined the song I was expecting better drop than this from Dj Snake, I wish someone remix this but still it was a great song.
The snake at his best!!!
It should be minimum 1000 million views
LEARN TO MAKE SUCH VOCAL CHOPS @ZENWORLD
The most versatile dj artist of all time! 😀
Notification Squad Where are you at?
Lauv 😍😍 really love you atlast he get into highway..
Well... That was a hell of A Different Way to drop the freaking beat...😂😂😂
This is my jam😍😍
lauv why would u do this to urself bby
Meanwhile Lauv rose to such heights in such a short time😍❤ he's truly captivating and all his songs are js calming and soothening.
in love with drop!
meh i dont llike the drop beat but i do like Lauv's part
he is going in the path of skrillex
This song is amazing, i don't think the drop is bad, just not what i expected, not generic, very original. I respect that!
Am just gonna find some good remix so that i can listen to Lauv with a good beat. Okay.
He is a master of vocal chops.
Listen to did you see cover (jhus) on my channel guys
if you like soca music, you can really appreciate the drop
This song is just beautiful.
I don't personally like this song, but I'm a huge fan of Lauv and I'm glad this song will get him some of the recognition he deserves!
NO WAYYYYYY!!! 😭😭💖 congratulations to Lauv for finally getting the recognition he deserves!! 🍾
Please, make to this song a great music video!!!!
Great song\nLove so much DJ SNAKE <3
This has to be a remix right? I could swear I heard this beat on another song with a female singer but I can't put my finger on it🤔
dj snake must be a romantic.....his songs leave you with a longing for something..........beautiful
taht drop like shit i think \nthe song good but the drop pfff
I always dance when this beat drops it's so unexpected!
The beat dropped in a different way
Drop sounds like someone is trying to talk..
Best drop u have ever done🤙🏻🔥🌶❤️❤️❤️
I WAS HERE BEFORE MILLION. VIEWS LOL SMASH MY BUTTON PLEASE DEEP
Really good song. Snake continues to satisfy.
I think so people will hear this only if this is sung by Justin bieber
Am I the only who think that Lauv pretty sounds like Troye Sivan???
The drop is good but dont match the song vibe in my opinion
Good vocals but an absolutely terrible drop!!! It sounds like an Indian man mumbling shit (no offence) really disappointed with DJ Snake :(
Once again, like many of my (almost) favourite songs, the drop ruins it all :/
Why this ends so fast?
Damn the break chords are so emotional. I listen to the song just to hear them 😍
I lauv it!
Lauved it !!
daaaaaaaaaaamn!!!!!!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES LAUV
It's good
✌✌
Esta muy bueno
Dop-dagedagibidipipopopop
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
Cool!
Lauv ❤
Lauv?!?!?!? No wayyyy
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT 🔥🔥
💩💩💩😞😒
Que músicaa ❤😱🇧🇷
Música para mis oídos... #Lauv ❤❤🎵
dj snake is garbage
I see LAUV I hit Play
Ariana Grande - One last time ????
*HERE BEFORE 1M VIEWS OMG!!!!!!*
Cool and unique vocal chops
👏🏻👏🏻👌🏻
yasssssssssss
Lauvin this 💯♥️🔥
Sooooo 🔥
Like A Boss :D
<3
soy putísimooooooooo
물고문하는 것 같아서 마냥 좋게 들을 수가 없는....
l love it
Worth waiting
Epic
Superb song
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
ii loveeeeeeeeeee this music
the best😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll_w-wGE7fQ
Gas 👌
My man LAUV!!!!
Dj Snake nunca falla ❤hermosa canción
Dj 🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
Underated song
omgggg LAUV is Gettin his big break!!!
LAUV GETS THE RECOGNITION!
I lauv dj snake
Lauv is killin' the game 😍
Perfect ❤❤❤💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔝🔝🔝💪💪
I am done with Apple....
No phone is worth a grand I don't care how good it is it's a phone. To me $600 would be the most I would spend on a top shelf device.
its $800 here in malaysia
it's gorgeous but that's what kills the battery
Still after 2years Samsung note8 still stuck on quick charge 2.0 not even 3.0 and headphone jack output is same as on note5
*Ppl talk shit about iPhones price, but yet Samsung is damn near $1k* 😳
My Note 8's battery has been perfect, make it through the day with about 40% on average. Plus it charges in like an hour.
Though theoretically Note 8 has 1200 nits display VS S8+'s 1000 nits display, today I compared both side by side in Best Buy, The S8+ seems brighter. Any thoughts......
I really hate those dual edges.. those reflections and reflections and reflections.
Fuck you iphone x
Vape nation shirt
I would add usability to your list. Great review by the way.
Samsung needs to think about battery life. It's getting worse each year
Subtle hints about your Tesla, I see...
Marques how can that oversaturated screen be the best display in a smartphone?!
thumbs up for that jbl pulse in the background.
My eyes were distracted by the colourful JBL speaker
Isnt this camera worse. The Samsung Galaxy s6 had 16 MP
I need a hd wallpaper of that for s7 edge.  Can anyone drop the link or mail me? Because i ain't finding  hd wallpaper of that in google
is the north America note 8 only available in 64gb of internal storage?
Well, I did a reaction to iPhone X. Check it out on my channel.
I liked the vid after he wrote “the more know you know”
I personally think it's not enough of an upgrade. I'll wait for the S9 or Note 9.
I watch these phone reviews like I have that kind of money to be spending on a new phone 😂
So basically it is the best phone but I don't have enough battery time to enjoy it. 2017 is still a joke.
Amazing phone, but are we still stuck with Bixby? Really Samsung?
Oh common, we all know this niger can´t  event read. BUILD THAT WALL, DEPORT ALL NIGERS AND LATINOS. HAIL THE CONFEDERACY AND KKK. TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
And watch what happens when the iPhone X comes out... it will be all praise. There will be no mention that this phone has fast charging out of the box but the iPhone can have it for an extra 79 dollars/quid. So am I fussed about a smaller battery? Nah
A major bad for me: Where the h... did s-note go? The crippled samsung notes comes with no evernote integration, no photo note, no easy chart, no action memo, no idea sketch... So if this is what progress and putting productivity features first look like (instead, we got more stickers in the camera app... wtf...), then hey Samsung, please also make the price less productive. I hope some software fix will bring us the real s-note with the mentioned features back.
Like bruh just use pixel  filter .... its doubles your battery life... with 1440p
Better than an easily hackable headphone jackless touchidless $1000 iPhone  that CAN'T PLAY FIRE EMBLEM HEROES the note 8 battery makes sense so that it doesn't explode
Can you rate this phone on the Doug score?
Solid review. I just switched to the note 8 from the iphone 7 plus. I'm enjoying the screen a lot.
IT'S SO BIG
-$400 dollars and it wouldn’t be overpriced then another -$100 for the exploding history
uhhh.... xiaomi fits a 4000 mah battery in a 5.5 inch phone
iwant this phone
@Marques what about the difference between the RAM in S8+ and the Note 8? with the buy 1 get one free promotion you can get a note for about $75 more. Does having 6gb of ram in the note make a performance difference over the s8+, or is that ram used for the pen features?
Hello - Great review !!! what are those red and yellow back covers on the Note 8 ?
This device is absolutely amazing! I'm sorry, what's the next iPhone called again? Expandable storage, water resistance, bezel-less display, OIS, iris scanner, wireless charging, dual cameras, *headphone jack* , AND an S Pen! Samsung proves including all of these is possible, there should be *NO* excuses!\n\nAbsolutely beautiful device! It's unique and inspired, yet efficient. Gorgeous display! And I've always liked the S Pen. This is the most complete Samsung ever. It's truly awesome! I'm happy they finally implemented a dual camera, I'm a huge fan of the telephoto lens and it's advantages.\n\nNow believe it or not the Galaxy Note series is a bit of a touchy subject. In terms of features, the Notes have the most. And with the inclusion of the S Pen it's hard to find a phone worthy of even being compared to it. The Galaxy Note is kinda in it's own special category; it's a phone for people who *need to get stuff done* . For people who don't want a Microsoft Surface Pro, people who want everything they need in their smartphone. So when considering the Note 8 or comparing it to others...it all comes down to *personal NEED* .\n\nDo bigger things indeed. Meaning if you don't need to do any of the bigger things Samsung mentioned, you'd really only get this phone for bragging rights.
I don't know why reviewers lack to mention the fact that it is not just a Stylus, it's a freaking WACOM! Cintiq in the palm of your hands! I buy Notes because of the pressure sensing, I love that it looks like an actual pen/pencil/etc. And you can have Autodesk's Sketchbook full power, that is like a basic Photoshop. Note or nothing!
Still can't stand their settings menu, Can't uninstall Flipboard, software in general.
i'm having trouble deciding between getting the note 8 or the iphone 8 plus, could some of you guys voice your views/opinions on which phone i should recontract to?
I got mine for free with my insurance. I had the note 3 and since they couldn't replace it they gave me a note 8.
the only thing I got out of this video is that Marques has a Canon 11-24 f/4L on the way. Can't wait to see that in action!
I think they would be very careful with battery after last year! Please check the box lol
Too expensive.. I'll stick with my note7
So awesome that you chose to have Royce da 59 on that screen I was like is his he marketing it personally to me lol
re you making fun of 5 pillars of Islam?
MKBHD is simply the best tech reviewer out there...
But Bixby then? ;)
Talk about the video next time please. I take videos never pictures. Thanks man.
You can change the delay between menus in developer settings
Please some one tell me where i can get this wallpaper
It also checks the battery box, several videos and reviews have shown the Note 8 lasting longer than even the S8+ despite its lower battery capacity.
Marques I trust with my tech but im having a gut feeling that most of his reviews are biased and/or paid review. Can anyone tell me if this video at least is his own opinion.
Anyone who says the Galaxy S8 plus is the same as a Note 8  without a stylus obviously got the Note 8 for free and has not really used it as their everyday phone.  MKB obviously is also not trying to step on any Apple or Google toes so he keeps getting their goodies and invites too.
My thinking with the battery is they wanted to take the safe route because of the...hot nature of the previous Note.
the phone runs a lot better when you turn off the animations in the developer settings
this over any iPhone any day
Reviewers have to stop quoting the 1200cd/m² brightness, which is for 1% Average Picture Level and has no impact on real life brightness which is between 50% and 100% APL. At those APL's the Note 8 is just like any other phone and very similar to the LG V30. There is no scenario of phone usage that will ever display 1200cd/m², this is a theoretical value for a picture with 1% white and 99% black - ALL OLED displays can reach super bright whites in that scenario - only DIsplayMate make such useless measurements. Just quote the 100% APL brightness or 50% like most reviewers do. Please.\n\nI am getting fed up of the press relaying nonsense brightness figures without understanding them! If you use your web browser in the sun, the white on a Youtube page would reach at most 500cd/m². Please!!!\n\nFrom the DisplayMate review:\nFor most image content the Galaxy Note8 provides over 490 cd/m2, comparable or higher than most LCD displays in this size class. The measured Brightness on the Home screen is even higher at over 540 nits (note, the home screen has a lower APL and therefore requires less white output).\n\nMeasured Average Brightness at 50% Average Picture Level: 525 cd/m²\nMeasured Full Brightness 100% Full Screen White: 423cd/m²\n\nDon't read the press - go read the DisplayMate review yourself and then quote them correctly. You are misleading viewers.
Well it’s clear now that all this hate for the iPhone x is from the android users, especially since no one seems to be taking the piss out of the price of this....
Surprised reviewers are so caught up in the battery number. Use the phone. I have both the Note 8 and S8 and the Note out performs the S8. It is very efficient sipping the battery. I got mine early (T-Mobile) so playing non-stop with the beast and the battery is excellent. Don't focus on numbers, put it in your hand and use it.
I want the speaker in the background name brand please?
Always great videos, thank you very much for your time 👍🏽
Watching it on my note 8
People want amazing battery life, then complain that the phone is too thick. They want a super thin phone, but complain when the battery doesn't last super long.\nQuit pushing for thinner phones, and push for better battery life.
Want to know what's sad? So I got my friend an iPhone 8 for his birthday, he threw it on the ground and said I WANT AN ANDROID! So I got him he note 8 and he threw that on the ground! I said What the heck dude?!!? Then he said  I WANTED A GALAXY S8! He's not friend anymore
This is so not true with the battery statistics he gave, I always have it on 1440p and use it quite a bit and it still gives me 10 hour battery life.
Samsung fanboys don’t care about battery life anymore hahaha that’s funny
Watching this on my Note 8.
i hear not fast
Battery is the reason I got the s8+ over the note last week. Got 6.5 hours of screen on time on the highest resolution. Plus it was only $100 down
How can I get this wallpaper on phone 📱
I'm still using the Galaxy Note 3 !
The pricing trend of premium smartphones seems to be moving away from good phone getting cheap. What's your view on this? Mkbhd
The sixth category should be the price. It's one of the most important criteria before buying a smartphone :). Great video as always !
DEAR¶¶¶¶¶MKBHD¶¶¶¶¶¶ I am one of the oldest subscribers in your channel, Why do you never review Huwaei phones, like Huwaei mate 9 or mate 9 pro or even p10 ?
lol bias af! no, not for $1K!
MKHBD, you are the best tech Youtuber of all time!!!
