I was just reading this book
Never read “To Kill a Mockingbird,” and I’m already a freshman in college.
I wouldn't care what you think.
This video really resonates with #MalcolmGladwell 's research in Outliers.  Timing is a critical factor to success.  A great story was able to become well known, because it was published at a time when cheap manufacturing and mass distribution were possible.
The extent to which it became famous may not be impressive, but does that underrate the book if it's still a masterpiece?
To kill a mockingbird was misleading.\n\n\n\n\nI bought it wanting to learn how to actually kill a mockingbird bird!
You have read this book 6 times, you haven't read those other books ever...so...zero times.  That means To Kill a Mockingbird is  infinite % better, not 600% better than those other books.
6 (times you read this book) is not 600% greater than 0 (times you read the other 8 books)... it is infinitely greater
Tf you read it 6 times for wouldn't you basically have it down by the 3-4 time ?
I can just make a book that talks about how I shoot mocking birds. Should become famous yea?
Because it is a genuinely good book, there you didn't have to make a full video to say that.
To Kill A Mockingbird is my favorite book of all time. One of my most memorable teaching moments was being able to read and discuss this book with my 10th and 11th grade English classes. My students for the most part enjoyed it and learned valuable lessons from it. The film is also in my top 5 of favorite films.
Im in 7th grade and I've never read the book
This book is boring as I don't know what... I read it in 9th grade Honors English... I do believe it was the teacher teaching the subject... but I'd fall asleep when we start reading... I wasn't much into it... in fact I'm not into any language class...
I grabbed my copy when I saw the video!
More than anything this book taught me how to build a negro snowman. For that, I am beyond grateful.
Thank you Ms. Kim the best teacher I ever had!!!!!!
I killed one cause it called me a smelly bum bum head
I have never heard of or read the book before
I think you read it to much that's why you think it's overrated
I read that purple copy a thousand times in school and that book was in every library at school?
Am I the only college bound student who hasn't read it?
What if I told you To Kill A Mockingbird was overrated? You'd be wrong.
Vox:  Im 14 and this is deep.     Really?  A whole new show dedicated to hipster pop culture is overrated  ?   LOL
Overrated =/= Bad
Awesome book. Not as good as A Tree Grows in Brooklyn imo, but let me explain why I compare them;\nObviously Lee's first draft was Go Set a Watchman, but that didn't have the flare, potential, and raw development of pure child innocence. In TKAM, she really expressed how our eyes and minds evolve and though we remain in the same environment with the same people, we are seeing different things, or the same things with an inverted view. In ATGIB, Betty Smith does the same, but it's a longer book and I personally think more sophisticated. I think it's *meant* for an adult to walk in the shoes of the child they are reading about and the one they once were. It's longer, covers a longer time period, and in that sense, covers a greater range of development. Also, I liked Francie better than Scout. Francie was very self aware and paved her own path by being the oldest, opposed to Jem being Scout's senior. I greatly recommend everyone reads both *at least* once but I liked Betty Smith better.
yet some new paperback books cost like 20+ $?????
Agreed😁😁😁😁😁so BORInG
I'm reading this for school. Annotating it ruined the goodness of it\nWe're reading it to learn about justice and whatever because of mock trial
Do Of Mice and Men next please
To understand why _____ you need to understand ________ every single Vox video ever
Ford made quality cars affordable for everyone. Does that mean cars are overrated because most people have one now? Maybe the car was just an awesome invention that Ford made accessable to everyone and Mockingbird was an awesome book that paperbacks made accessable to everyone including students
He should have practiced his pronuncation of el dorado, but great video!
I hated this book when I had to read it in high school
I'm new to teaching middle school/ high school English. To Kill a Mockingbird is actually going out of fashion. It used to be thought as the only book in the literary cannon that dealt with race (that and Huck Finn). Slowly teachers are learning that there are other, better books that students can connect with.
Do Catcher in the Rye please. I read it in college on my own time, and it was the worst book I have ever read. I don't get why it's a classic.
To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite book
because it's sjw propaganda
Donald Trump
I suspect it's popular because the government school system pushed it on kids as propaganda to shape their morals .
can you do the lord of the flies?
Tequilla Mockinbird.
Think what's even more interesting is that despite being so widespread, everyone got one part of the book completely wrong.\n\nSchools taught to kill a mockingbird because it was about rising above racial prejudice and understanding perspectives of others. It came out during the civil rights movement, and its main character, clearly a representation of Harper herself, was somebody who supported racial equality. \n\nTeachers also praised the character of Atticus, he was a cultural icon, a white man who defended an innocent black man in court. But he wasn't necessarily someone who supported Civil rights. Go set a watchman basically confirmed that Atticus was a racist and believed black people were still 'juvenile', he defended Tom Robinson because he believed all men were equal under the scrutiny of the law, but not necessarily in society. This misconception is in part because of Gregory Peck's depiction of Atticus in the movie. But book Atticus was never explicit in his beliefs, in some ways it shows how good of a character he was, he encouraged Scout to form her own beliefs and see things in her own way, he let her grow up to become her own woman, in a town where most would continue to harbour racial prejudices, she rose above that through what her father taught her. \n\nIn short, because it's so widespread in schools, teachers essentially taught the wrong message to school kids, Harper Lee probably released go set a watchman to set the records straight. Atticus was not a champion of civil rights, and in fact was actually racist, but he was a good father.
purchase this book for 5 bucks if you havent been forced to read it all your life\nhttps://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0060935464/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=breadandwater-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=0060935464&linkId=b15d721ec69779d63ad51866139510f2
Your intonation and pacing is getting me bored and pissed off somehow
So it's overrated because it's cheap and has had a lot of exposure?... Sorry, this argument is silly.
Vox, the 2017 joke. I would love to see you explain the bible to the world. Let's see it scum.
Where does the 600% better come from?
I have never read To kill a mocking bird in school but i have read Romeo and Juliet
How about The Illiad by Homer?
It is a great book go to hell vox \nI read it in school and I wasn't even in the 🇺🇸
You forgot to mention that Harper Lee was the personal secretary of Truman Capote of _Cold Blood_ fame.
Vox is the real Fake News!!
you have to do one on elvis he is overrated af
Thank you! Finally somebody figures it out. It's not that great a book. It's more about informing kids about the class structure of American society based on race. That way everyone knows their place regardless of how progressive society becomes. Think about that.
I read the book because of the hype. It was good but certainly not the greatest book of all time by any means.
hahaha this white millennial is calling one of the most important books ever written for civil rights overrated
Who else is reading this in English class?
Vox, Truly enjoyed this video and the way it was laid out. The honesty behind it is refreshing. You're right, heard an interview with Harper Lee years ago where she expressed her surprise at the books popularity & success. \n\nAs content & subject matter this book was a wonderful introduction to the issue of racism and prejudice -- which as you pointed out was very time relevant. I'm sure the publishing era was very important to the books success  --it would be a great first step towards discussing societies biases, perspectives, feelings of racism & history of prejudice. 1961 was relevant to the Civil Rights Movement, to legislation allowing black women to vote, to a media source (TV news)  giving us a view of racism in actions of rioting and beatings on the streets throughout American cities. So, whether this book was written beautifully or not --- it is one of the most relevant sources of stated racism & discrimination of our time.
The reasons for anything's popularity is always subjective. That's nothing new. I think the real reason Vox chose this book because it touches on racial issues. I smell subtle liberal media bias.
So the book is famous because it won a Pulitzer prize and yet the presenter still thinks it's not a great book, yet he cannot explain why it is not a great book.\nThis video really was a damp squib!
To Kill a Mockingbird is overused in schools, yes but it was a really good book because it sucked you into that story and made you feel like you were there experiencing what they had.
My son thinks this book was such a waste of time
Excited for this new series! Ruin it! Oh wait that's Adam. But excited nonetheless.
I'm only really seeing that it was prevalent, not any real appraisal of its quality. You may have overestimated your ability to bring a compelling argument in this video.
EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED TO SAY I FOUND NOTHING SO AMAZING ABT THIS BOOK
why are you saying the hainman's whip?
Ouch read it once, but The Green Mile is way better.
Where are they getting their facts from😂 ...600% better than all these other books?. Then proceeds to highlight 600% like what respectable person ever said that? If you know please let me know. Or is it to further better their point🤔
I wish i complete a novel before I die 😂😂😂😂
I'm a simple man. I see a new Vox video. I like.
but why did you read it six times, doesnt the school know they already set that book and have any others at all?
please do one on 'of mice and men'
Please do The Alchemist. Overrated af.
Next: Vox is overrated.
Disney / marvel movies are overrated
Clear right propaganda
Vox the sjw channel
I hate it xD
Cool thanks Sue InStyle-Decor Luxury Lifestyle http://instyle-decor.com Hollywood CA
Vox is overated
We been knew
overrated ass book
Do Harry Potter next
Vox is liberal propaganda
I wonder if this meets Jim's bowl criteria dyiiiing! Hahaha
I knew I recognised you the other day on Goodge street! I saw myself at 7:43 in the video in the blue jacket and grey trousers walking the opposite direction to you lol
Where are your sunglasses from😍
Tanya, for what it's worth, I think it worked out better that you had to wear your trainers, especially when it came to taking photos with everyone. That SAME thing has happened to me in high heels and, oh my gosh, the pain was terrible! I actually relived it watching this. In fact, I had to look away when you showed the photo when it happened. Glad you're ok!
What Jim wants is a pasta or salad bowl, which both have low sides: http://www.independent.co.uk/extras/indybest/food-drink/best-pasta-bowl-marks-and-spencer-habitat-denby-royal-doulton-a7043676.html
What was the mac lipstick colour you where wearing at the event? I NEED!💗
Ouch! I bet your ankle hurt soo much xx
The focus is really good. Good 🎥
Never knew they personalized Yorkshire tea! My dad works at Taylors of Harrogate and makes those and I never knew, I love Yorkshire tea!
You look beautiful Tan. I hope your ankle feels better. Please look into a plant based diet as you dont need to kill to cook and no life need be taken for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Love your channel, Ive been following you for the last 7 or 8 years. Take care of Jim and Martha. ❤❤❤
My best friend and I were so happy we were able to meet u.  Love u sooo much 💕😍😘❤️
You look so lovely Tan, that dress is one of the nicest outfits I've seen. When I saw those shoes I thought they looked dangerous, had some similar and did exactly the same last year. Tore ligaments and was hobbling around for weeks , all the way through a holiday in Dubrovnik! You're a trouper for not crying lol and powering through!
How gorgeous you look in that dress!
what is the lipstick your wearing??? ❤
Tan's vlogs are the best <3
I've preordered your book Tanya x
I feel your pain! I fell and sprained my ankle in July and it took ages to heal. Hope you're feeling better already!
OMG!!! I love those glasses!!! Beautiful and they look so amazing on you! xoxox
great vlog love! xo from my channel to your’s <3
I've pre ordered your book and ordered your xmas calendar
10:38 she get's her ankle bruised 😟
What sunglasses did you have on?
I have so much respect for you! I can't believe you did a meet and greet with a sprained ankle! Take care of yourself Tan 😢❤😚
this dress looks AMAZING on you
The red dress is so flattering on you!!!
Ahhhh loved the dress so much on you that I just ordered it straight away! You poor poppet with your ankle, I so felt for you, I hate falling over so totally got that you felt a bit shook up! Hope it was okay after your busy day! X
I was honestly thinking those shoes are so tall, how does she walk in those? Right before Tan fell 🙈
Did You know that Reserved is from Poland?
Love this so much!! Tanya we love youuuu!!!! Check out my new vids xxx
5:20 - I think he's looking for a soup plate then. Love your taste in home ware!  xx
Sounds weird but your teeth urghhh I'm so jealous 😕❤️
That dress is gorgeous and oh so feminine! 😍
Out of interest, how much tea does the average Brit consume a day and why do they love it so much?
You inspire me so so much, your my hero. You make me so happy every time I watch you, you make me smile. I've been watching you for 2 years now and since I get really stressed and have anxiety I have loved to come home every week excited to watch your videos and have something to look forward to, like a reward. Thank you for just doing what you do, you are amazing and have really helped me get through tough times. 💕🙂
Hope your ankle is better👍✳️👍✳️👍✳️
can u do more what i eat in a day videos i love them !!
Hey Tan, your so inspiring! Thank you die uploading a new video! But when i read the title i that you were going to talk about mentally getting hurt and i would be interested to hear you talk about that! Xx
Love the new Vlog camera! 💗
Omg I'm in your vlog ahhh I'm so happy 😁✨🙌 it was nice to meet you at reserved
Great video! What card holder did you have in your bag? After one and yours looked perfect as it had a zip for change too. Xx
I have the exact kind of bowl you need and bought it in John Lewis.  Eat my pasta and stir-fries in it.  Sorry I can't photograph it - it's in my London flat- but it's white and perfect.  BTW you always look amazing, I love your make-up line and the make-up you're wearing today.  Would that be Woodwinked eyeshadow from MAC?  Lots of love from me Kate xxx, and from my five yo daughter Maya xxx who is your biggest fan and loves baking your cakes ❤
PLEASE tell me where your sunglasses are from!!!! Omg they are to die for.
I JUST LOVED WHEN U SAID MOROCCO; YOU MADE MY DAY TANYA <3  ! LOVE FROM MOROCCO !
Love the new camera xxx
The book you held up, Conversations with Friends, is currently on my bedside table. I am just getting into reading it! I bought it in Paris when on a girls vacation with my best friend. Tanya, I hope you enjoy reading it when you get time 😄
I'm already getting excited for Vlogmas. Am I the only one? The shopping in the beginning just gave me the Vlogmas vibe :D
Aww loved this video Tanya! You look stunning in this video
Where did they go for breakfast? Looks stunning!
oh my goodness - seeing a meet and greet like that shows how exhausting it must be! and on a twisted ankle too! you are awesome, tan <3
I love Kate's outfit! Does anyone know where her coat is from? :) x
Coach nude patent loafers would have been comfortable and looked great with your dress.
Oh wow! It's so weird seeing the meet n greet in fast forward!!
Hi Tanya, I'm also an EGYPTIAN and I watch basically ALL of your videos! I'm a huge fan!💕
I can't wait for your Christmas Vlogs!!!!!!!
Hi Tan! Loved your vlog as per! Bit random but I wanted to make a recommendation for shallower bowls if you're still looking for them lol, Sophie Conran has the most beautiful wider, shallower white ridged bowls that are fab for stir fries & pasta etc. Zoë x
I think you might have lightly twisted your ankle there Tan. So I think you resting it is probably good, also should have picked up a compression bandage.
Love that red dress. I felt your pain when you fell. I've sprained my ankle twice and it's not fun. Glad yours wasn't that bad
So amazing to see you loving  my national clothing brand 💓
I love your vlogs so much 💜
that must of hurt!
I love all the reserved pieces you picked out! Great vlog <3
Love youre vlogs specaily when there long! So sad for youre enkel but i hope it feels fine soon!:) And i can't wait till vlogmastime this year❤️🎄 And i am watching youre old vlogmas back so cozy^^ xxx
Where is she at the beginning of the video? :)
Bowl recommendation - look at the brand broste Copenhagen. I think it's what Jim is on about.
you looked amazing in this red dress! also, i need to visit the shop and get the leather jacket cause this is EXACTLY what i've been looking for
You are such a lady! The fall looked so painful but you didn't moan and groan about it and went on with what you had to do, which also looked painful because you had to remain standing. Chapeau bas!
YOU MASHED YOUR PEAS??? I've literally never thought of doing that, I'm shoooook 😍😋
Love you and your vlogs!! i've just met you today on broadway in NYC! outside of the converse store! thanks so much for stopping to take a photo with me, you're so sweet!
Your vlogs always make me feel so cosy! Youve always been my favourite vlogger and I cannot wait for your vlogmas!! Xx
Oh god I hope your ankle gets better Tanya. How do you pull off any outfit look hun? lol :) Your makeup looks stunning in this video. Literally cant wait for your book signing next month!! :) x
Hi from Egyptian girl here 🤗😊
I actually love watching your vlogs! I love how chill they are👌🏼
I tore my ligaments and couldn't walk for 6 months witgout support and physio therapy from falling like this. So it is a big deal and im glad u didnt badly hurt yourself. Becareful and hope you feel better. P.S. your edit looks amazing
Well wishes for your ankle lovely! Try a heat compress.
This hair ages you.....plz have it like before!
Probably a sprain, so if it's really swollen and bruised wrap it and it'll be better in and week or two
Oh my goodness where did you get your sunglasses, they are the exact pair I've been looking for??!
Don't you just love when people have actual meaningful conversations with you?!?! I think It's the best, love meeting new people.
Hope your foot is feeling better! You look stunning nonetheless💖
I'm literally watching this while eating noodles from the type of bowl you are looking for.
does anyone know where tanya's sunglasses are from at 4:00?
Also, it's a shame you didn't have some converse with you, I think that would have looked really swish
love the  outfit
Hey! Amrit pal is ginger :)
good👍
Trending number 2
SECOND ON TRENDING 😇😇😇😇😇💜
My tour tickets came today!!
Looking so lovely Tanya ❤️
Love your dress! X
Going to Reserved  tomorrow!
sunglasses!!!
Your eye makeup😍😍
love your dress! sorry your ankle got hurt
Does anyone know if Tan's lips are naturally that size or if she has lip injections/something like that?  She has the most beautiful lips and they look extremely natural.
I love the lip color you're wearing, what is it please?
Oh no! This has sold out in my size- I wanted to wear this red dress for a bridesmaid dress!
To the girl (anyone who knows) at 15.05 where are stripe trousers from? Maybe like so more people can see? Thanks!
Hey tan can you do a video showing your Christmas products?? Thank you!! Xx
I wonder if Tanya would ever like my magic...
You guys HAVE to do Baby Driver
The Mummy herself was a great Mummy.
please say: You stand in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targarien, Rightful heir to the iron throne, Rightful Queen of the Andals and the first men, protector of the Seven Kingdoms, the Mother of Dragons, the Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, the Unburnt, the Breaker of Chains
Do the 90's Mummy and Mummy Returns! PLEASE!!
Do It!!!! (Stephen king)
HEY TOM LOOKS TO ME LIKE YOU'RE ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE RIVEEERRR!!!!
Where were all you Brendan Fraser fans when Tomb of the Dragon Emperor mega-bombed?
So y'all really ain't gonna do It (1990)?  Or even It (2017)?  Really?
Is it bad that I actually liked this movie?
I got a T Mobile Netflix ad right before the video lol
Say Do you have a permit for those guns?
Please say We need no longer fear the banana.
You know, I thought the trailer without music was an artistic choice but I'm not at all surprised it was just a mistake. Too bad, I thought this movie had potential.
It\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIs time for you to do Spider-Man Homecoming
... Personally i would have chose the mummy.
do the godfather, and the shining and say:\ni am vengeance, i am the night, i am batman
Say No potato has ever potato'd as hard as this potato has potato'd
Do baby driver (2017) directed by Edgar wright
1:51 - I had to look this up and I LOLZ'D SO HARD: Tom Cruise born 1962....Russell Crowe born....1964!!!!!!
Pls do transformers the last knight next
do an honest trailer for the new IT movie !!!
Please do the movie IT 2017
Please do the MUHAMUHAMUHA laugh from the original IT in your super epic voice.
i saw this in theaters and actually fell asleep at one point... the mummy girl was hot tho
Please say it's the remix to ignition, hot and fresh out the kitchen, Mama rolling that body get every man in here wishing
Please, please, do Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets. PLEASE GOD.
Say: It looks like I blue myself
If Universal wants a cinematic universe they shouted remake Monster Mash as a life action film.
Please could you say: You and me, baby ain't nothing but mammals, so let's do it like they do in the discovery channel
Please do a trailer for the IT miniseries!
U must do the newest Pirates od Carrabian
hey screen junkies please do the devil's advocate and a clockwork orange honest trailer...
SayCome home to simple rick's
do the movie it next!!
Please Say:  I love my fans you make me big bucks :P
I want to see either an Honest Trailer for The Last Dragon or Blood In Blood Out
I had to rewatch the old triology just to remind myself why i loved them.
Do war for the planet of the apes, someone needs to respect all those gorillas who died.
please say I am Optimus Prime. Calling All Autobots. it is Time..... to Come HOME
Gotham
Verizon is better.
Please say,  Begin Plavsky Particle dispersal, Field 1, Space.
Can you plz do Spiderman Homecoming
DO SPIDERMAN HOMECOMING!!!!
Say I'm pickle Rick
Can you do Transformers 5 plz plz plz
Do Superbabies!
It 1990 honest trailer please
Pleaseeeee do with baby driver!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do do do do do do do
Please do Muppet Treasure Island!!! 😍😍😍
I loved Dracula Untold
Please say: Omae wa mo shindieru! , NANIII!!!
Do IT 2017!
Do Wonder Woman!!!!! Pretty Please
do game of thrones s6&7
Do IT 2017
Please do It
Please say Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu or Llanfair-pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goc.
Do IT ffs
Do the Lego Batman Movie pls.
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yc7svzvg
Say, Im not a good dog, im not a bad dog, im the underdog
The Mummy actually isn't the first movie in the Dark Universe franchise. The first was Dracula Untold. You don't remember it? No worries, no one does, because it was also a big steaming pile of manure.
So you now sell mobile phones. Weak....
say: Do it! But do it slowly! S L O W L Y ! (but say the last slowly really slow)
Please say: It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
I'll give pretty much anything a chance... but not this...
D Transformers the Movie 1986
Guys. The Room Honest Trailer.\nWe need it.
Do 1990 It! Pretty please!! 🙏🏼
Do honest trailer for Homefront I am confused whether it's a good movie or not
Oh my god the trailer with no sound effects killed me 😂
do baywatch the new one
Dead on.  If you want to read what the dark universe should be like, read Monster Hunters International.  Written by a Sci fi lover and gun nut (so many!).  The government is hiding the existence of monsters and pays bounties to contract companies that eliminate them.  Oh yeah....
Can you do Rick and Morty once season 3 has ended
Place do an Honest trailer for It (1990) now that the new one is coming out.
Say: Last Time on AMC's The Walking Dead
1:11 and the power to suck you dry ;)
I just uploaded a part of the movie Mummy\nhttps://youtu.be/KG6D9ZTQlf0
Can you do IT (2017)
DO AN HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8 HONEST TRAILER FOR THE IPHONE 8
I'm not sure you had to bring the devil into this AHAHAHAH
Forced to watch an ad....then spam that same ad in vid, ads are getting out of control
do a karate kid honest trailer please
Wander woman please, it's so dumb
Please Say: In a world. There, I said it.
Why isn’t there an AVP trailer yet?
Man,.. this movie must suck.! . Can even watch the honest trailer of this movie... Tom Cruise, I think its time for you to F*&k off!
palestinian construct stability within wealth prepare foundation character.
Please do STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON!!!
you sold out man hahaha
Please say:  YOU SHOT MR. POOPYBUTTHOLE
https://youtu.be/4phZJ4O0Dw4
😂😂
I miss brendan frazer😔😓
Say: Finally the Rock has come back to...... It doesn't Matter!!
VALERIAN
Do Grease!!
Please do Baby Driver!
DO A MISS PEREGRINES HOME FOR PECULIAR CHILDREN TRAILER
This is boring I was here to see this two chicks do something amazing but it wasn't even meh
I don't even.. I'm actually a fan, super bummed her and Josh are breaking up, now this song just made me even more sad.. Hopefully it's still a hit, but I couldn't possibly sit through this twice. Here's to hoping the next one is better. Or at least different...
YES FERGIE!! Its been to long the duchess is back ❤
You have a very cute face
Only here for Nicki 💖 sorry Fergie but this song is...not good. Basic af
The chorus had so much potential
Nicki scared the fuck outta me when she popped up I wasn't expecting that omg
the only good part was nicki
Y'all ever hear a song for one person and the song is so trash? You want to dislike it but you liked the verse from the person you came to the video for. #decisions I'm not going to leave a rating
who else stopped after nicki...... i feel fergie should not have waited all those years to come back
I like it even though it's very forgettable..... Lol
This looks like a T-Mobile commercial
u would expect more views. seems like both are irrelevant now.cardi b is the new it girl
Fergie Caught Me By Surprise With That Little Noodle Rap 😂😩❤️ I Fucks With It
This song actually grows on you.
So sexy after the divorce 😁😂❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Tell em quick pick a seat
It's like Madonna over agian
Great song. Great video. Great collab.\nBut this without music would be hilarious. The leather! I'm looking at you Kosmic8
today I opened  the fridge and I found Nicki twerking .. she is everywhere these days
This kinda sounds like You know you like it -AlunaGeorge
Is this why you are out from BEP?
hmmm idk are you guys liking this?   the sample from it takes two is cool.  Her sexiness to how cool the beat is ratio is out of wack i think fergie lost it.  sorry baby.
I don't like the singing part it's weird and doesn't mesh well with the rest of the song.
If u guys don't like It then you should do something better or at least be quiet instead of spreading hate
It take two to make a thing alright!!
Just heard this today and I neeed a dance too it ahora 😭😂😭❤❤
you was the queen, Come back to the black eyed peas please  ☺
Nicki Minaj isn't a good rapper.  This song isn't that bad though.
I liked this music very much
I use to love Fergie and she dont need to do this garbage. What a waste of a talent.
All this is gona do is put it takes 2 back on the radio ...cuz this is trash
That sucks! Fergie could do better... Maybe next time.\nAfter all, she looks hot like before.
I don't like it 👎🏻
The video is cool and Nicki rocked her bit but other than that the song is awful. It just doesn't work with Fergie's voice.
fergie kinda looks like geri from the spice girls
I think this is the best thing Fergie's ever done.
Why does she keep trying to rap...
I like both of these girls, they are beautiful, sexy, nice singing, but the track is weak, some experimental music(
Fergie was best with black eyed peas
The video don't fit the song not feeling it at all...
The same old Fergie, the same old lyrics, the same old music, the same old manner. Fergie, it's really boring. Try something new!
Fergie X Nicki could have done a lot better 😪
Hi, Watch the lyrics of This is how we do it here https://youtu.be/ruYDgaGDquA
fergie i think you ARE PRETTY SEXY AND TALENTED you allready got all the fans you dream of!  then why bitchining ?? fuck vevo! nicki you saved this trash video :3
Fergie needs to be a rock singer, like 'Beautiful Dangerous'...
OMG OMG I LOVE THIS SO FUCKIN MUCH
This is so 90´s
Fergie is the shit! The original white girl rapper.
This song reminds me about alot of other songs I heard. Not in an unoriginal way.
Sorry, I don't like it. What follows this statement is my opinion.\n \n Visually, the video is good but everything else is not meshing well. While Nicki Minaj is an incredible and amazing artist that I DO enjoy, it kind of seems like she was a last minute add-on to try and save this hot mess of a song. Fergie's vocals are ok but ugh, the high pitched This is how we do is annoying. She's much more talented than this.  Lyrically, meh, not impressed. Then we come to the sampling. It's so mismatched and doesn't fit well together. There is no harmony between the two. Music should be flowing regardless of genre and this one doesn't. At least not for me.  All in all, I'd rather not listen to it again and even change the station to avoid doing so. By the way, I love me some Fergie Ferg but this just makes me want to stab a freshly sharpened pencil in both my ears. \n\nSo let the hate and insults begin because I disagree with the rest of the class.
Why is the video black and white
I miss the Black Eyed Peas Fergie :(
Ohhh i love this ! They make a good team 😍
I went to mall and i swear they played this at every clothing shop i love it😻
1:40 Roman Zolanski just came out for a sec right there
I didn't even heard or see nicki what's going on with ft nicki
I swear this song better than Swish swish by katty  perry and better than look what make me do by  taylor swift
I hurt my eyes
I FUCKIN 💗💚💜❤💛💞💟 IT!!
Love the 90s vibe
Best Verses Fergie #Respect
U
i see nicki minaj, i click
I actually reeeeeeally enjoy this
Shut up Fergie
go Fergie.
I LOOOOVVEEE this song
Below average 😂
Borring this is soooo 90'
Yessssss fergie i loveeee you Yayyy
Now nicki is everywhere i dunno why???
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Fergie still hot as hell
worst song
This bitch didnt just steal our culture!
Beautiful song!
So sick girl! Nicki 🔥🔥🔥🔥 You already 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥! Thanks!
Yassss fergie and Nicki
Fergie rocks 👍🏽😘
Love Fergie 💙💙
fergie wit the comeback 👌❤❤❤
I guess Nicki's already surpassed Pitbull in FTs
Fergie smoking that shit again
Nicki 1:24
This verse reminds me of 2012/2013 Nicki
Horrible song ....
Ahhhhh my two favorite singers!!! Bout time😍😍
QUEEEN NICCCKKKIIII 🙇🏻‍♀️🙇🏻‍♀️🙇🏻‍♀️🙇🏻‍♀️
Satanic symbols everywhere! Very sad
Fergie stop rapping
Nicki is so flawless
Fergie looks HELLA good. Snatched!!!! 👏👑❤️👁👄👁👌
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yajt8vmo
Alguien que hable español?? 🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
O clipe ficou bem mal produzido.
Fergie eu estou muito decepcionada com você ,eu adorava seu jeito doce de cer .agora suas musicas tem palavrões e não tem a mesma qualidade que tinha quando  você fazia musicas com o grupo The black Eyed Peas eu estou muito triste eu sou muito sua fã e tenho 13 anos  e meu sonho e conhecer  você ,mas do jeitinho  fofo que você era . 💟
melhor do Rock in Rio 2017!!!
To aqui na depre pq não vou ver a Fergie no Rock in rio , ser pobre é fogo
E a maravilhosa está de volta ♡
Short?  We need a full length film of this !!!
See you space blade runner...
this is probably gonna turn out better then the new movie
This is one of those few times where I happily exclaim, Make it 4hours long, Make it a series, Make it a Mini-Series!!  This collaboration of Blade Runner and Shinichiro Watanabe is just too perfect to simply condense it into a short film...
ｍｏｒｅ　ｈｕｍａｎ　ｔｈａｎ　ｈｕｍａｎ
By Shinichiro Watanabe! Holy shit fuck the new movie i want the anime version :D
I'm glad they put subtitles on, because I don't know Japanese...
I never asked for this...but I'm glad.
I need a background of the girl at 1:01
I'm freaking stoked about this. This is going to be amazing.
Good to see the world of BR coming back to life again.
hopefully this gets Subbed and sony doesn't fuck over everyone who doesn't know japanese who wants to watch it.
They could expand this into a 26 episode series, it'd definitely find a market.
OH WOW! Something decent will come out of this sh*t movie sequel.
Warner Bros USA olease put the anime in the home video release
Anime, cyberpunk and FlyLo, as if that isn't the best combination
how long will this be?
This looks like Under the Dog but good.
This is the best news I've heard in a while
idk if the anime short version are good or bad, but if is good, i hope they make it into featrue film.
Been waiting for this since 1984 when I first got into anime, and Shinichirō Watanabe is directing! ^_^
Holy shit this is perfect. I really hope we get to see more stories from this world in different formats.
I love anything Watanabe related, it's gonna be amazing <3
impresionante
POPOLA CONFIRMED\nhttps://youtu.be/924olvhb2pU?t=61
Deckard and Roy, Eiffel tower, NOW!
¡Bravo, bravo! ¡Qué ganas de verlo! Muero de felicidad.
nice
YES\nYES\nYES PLEASE
This is awesome news.
see you space cowboy...
Oh yes
製作時間…。_ﾛ(･ω･=) ｹｼｹｼ
渡辺監督なら観ないと！
WOW
ほほう
I wished we can Kickstart this for a whole mini-series.
Hope the movie does well so hopefully we get a full blade runner universe with books, games and other media.
Coming soon... How soon is soon? And when it arrives, HOW DO WE WATCH IT?! ... legally, that is...  I have gotten to the point where I refuse to pirate stuff...  :D
why dont make an anime series with this quality????? WHY WHY!!! ;)
私の中で神格化された作品だけに、その続編というのは複雑な心境だ。コケるくらいなら最初から作らないでほしいという気持ちもある。果たして上手くいくかどうか・・・頼むぜ。
Looks like another Ghost in the Shell movie. Look i like Anime, but Blade Runner shouldnt turn into Anime. The *Live* action movie is a Masterpiece, turning this into Anime is really mediocre, maybe the style and Visuals will be pretty and awesome, like Akira. But where does the Lore fit? They also ruined Godzilla with the mediocre, bad Cgi Grootzilla movie...
So a black dude and a fucking chick, just LIKE everything else these days... PASS!
Can you imagine being the uber driver when they are all talking like that😂😂
This guy looks so fucking wrong, lip injections really? Hideous cunt
Super Gay !
SOOOO FUCKING GAYYYYYYYYY
PLEASEEEE DO MORE VLOGS! I LIVE FOR THEM. THANKKKQQQQUUEAAHH. Love u x
Am I the only one who thinks Shanni was really quite in this vlog
First time I hit dislike....i just can't with the way y'all was acting, especially on that plane..ugh.
OMG your make up on the second day !!! Tutorial please looks amazing!
where are lilly sunglasses from I love/ need them!!!! asap
Lilly reminds me of chicken having a mental break down💕😂
Why dose Skye always look like the slut of the group 😂
I love all of you so much get fucked
The lord is good for ya I CANT OMG 😂
shani looks like she wasn't feeling it. :(
Girl we saw that Pou Pourri in your Ulta bag
Think I laughed the whole was through! Amazing!!!
Any youtubers want to support each other? I have just started my channel and I would love too🌻💛
you did not vlog Shani at all :(
Moment of Silence for their uber drivers
We're was Shani at the start of the vlog
Lmao the Americans must be thinking WTF is wrong with these Australians 😂😂😂😂 love it!!!!
No one's actually going to freak the fuck out that Die Antwoord was literally in arms length of them😍 SERIOUSLY!!
💚💚💚💚💚
So funny
when did he do tana mongeaus makeup
thats fucking die antwoord hahaha
sassssssssssss× infinity
Sound like spastics.
Actual amazin
lillys literally the funniest person !!
Ffs do your eyebrows correctly you moron. And stop putting filler in your lips you look like a retard
Can someone tell me where shani came from lmao
Lily and skye should be on the no fly list, fucking embarrassment
U guys literally look like the Spice Girls towards the end of the vlog
Y'all sound like a bunch of ducks
This is a reach but does anybody know the song that's playing 8:46 - 8:55 !
When you start humming the outro song and it's not there 😱 loved this vlog anyway! xxx
he's bloody annoying and his lips are shit mate.
Who or WHAT are his audience?
So many thots in one video😫
Its amazing how fake all this is. No body knows these people.  Bizzare. Its all just a sham. Sheep following the smell.
Yuck df acts like a girl fake lips and shit
What a freak show
Why is this shit stabber showing up on my feed. Fucking poof needs shooting.
This kid must be stopped
This is hilarious!!💘😂😂
WHY IS LILLY SO FUNNY AHAHAHHAHA
GAY
Ewww gross!!
Loool die antwoord is pronounced as dee untvoord its afrikaans!
Haa, GAAAAAAY
anyone notice Shani's a bit left out....
You and your friends are and act so annoying. That stupid voice.
ummm if you guys arent the fucking spice girls!! you're scary spice, lilly ginger spice, rahnee sporty spice, skye posh and shani baby!!!!!
Gas the fags
Is he gay.no offence I just wanna now
What is happening with you and Shani? I can feel the tension! Shani is your true friend, not that hoes! Them hoes are fake, Shani is your true bestfriend.
(45sec) that's called a best friend that knows you so fucking well!!! HAHAHA QQQQ
what sunnies was Lilly wearing in day 2?? Q
Your on trending ..  I bet your comments are fun 😂😰 love this video tho Q💖
your makeup was so pretty on the second day and that green suits you!
AS IF YOU SAW CHANDLER FROM FRIENDS OMGGGG
I'm still crying you're not in Vegas I just wanna meet you :(
11:42 is the best thing I've ever seen Q
Love you so much Michael QQQ 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜I hope I can meet you one day 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
Nice video but I hated the fact that they were speaking with that horrible voice
Such sluts. Obviously Americans drove on the opposite side of the road did you not know that? Second of all its not a Jall-eh-peno it's a halla-penio
I love you but can we ease up on the voices...
x'cuse me, does it get sunny here?
As much as i love all of you guys and the voice you do, im a little over it.
I love you all so much! Come to Chicago soon!!!!
anyone see shani in the background at 12.30 flinch because michael was so loud
I fucking love you and your friends!  y'all's vibes together is literally AMAZING!!!! 😁😘
am i the only one thinking what the fuck the uber driver's were thinking when they were talking  whuduamunnn ahahhaah
I honestly love you all as youtubers, you all post such good content and your videos are great to watch, but as a viewer I will be honest, I found it very difficult to watch and enjoy this video, with the accent/voice that you guys do. It's completely fine when done in moderation, but when it comes to a nice long video, I like to be able to sit down, and watch the whole thing peacefully. \n\nXx
I wish I was in this friendship group every single day
Michael your trending!!!! You deserve it. Your the best 💜💜💜
If anyone else is a huge fan of friends you'll know that at 3:26 it reminds me of when Joey, Rachel and Ross got there heads stuck in the door on thanksgiving because they were all late and Monica wouldn't let them in.
Us Aussies are the craziest fuckers! Guaranteed we are the best company ever!!!! Yessssss!! cYAAAAAA
Can youse talk normally again 😂😂 it's too much 😅
Michael! Day two makeup! Oh my gosh 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 on point! X
Lilly is literally the cutest human being ever
Michael all of you NEED TO SEE THE VIEW frim a Famous Japanese Restaurant on top og the Hollywood Hills called The Yamashiro even if just for Cocktails. Best View of the Whole City. I used to live down by sunset and It is a must if you are there to visit.
I was so expecting Skye to do her porn noises on the plane 😂😂😂
This was annoying. The girls sound like ducks! It's too much, I normally enjoy your vlogs!
Micheal: don't look at me \nAlso Michael: *poses in the mirror for the camera \n\nSame
ZEFSIDE!!
CYAAAAAA
JALAPINO 😂😂😂😂 DYING 😂😂😂😂
CUNDLE STUCKS IN LA YAH
what does mandatory mean ahahaha
Their friendship is amazing
I love u . Q
23 ON TRENDING YES BABYYYY
Hard nips from tailand fucking done 😂😂😂😂😂
please review fenty beauty
He's nothing but an ugly fag who is addicted to plastic surgery
Most annoying f*ing video ever.  I love you and support you but UGH  I couldnt' even watch all the way through.
Dirty faggot
1:33 fucking Skye HAHAHAHA I LOVE U ALL
Glad I'm not the only one who basically doubles the amount of garlic in any recipe. Extra garlic is always a must
If your away again with Lilly and you don't want the same videos as her.  Why don't you do a room tour video and view and what you ate in a day.  That would make up another video.   Or a come shopping with me in whatever place your at.
Whenever I make something with potato, before i put it in the curry or soup etc , i put the potato in the microwave for about two mins, just so speed up the cooking process because potatoes always take so much longer than everything else ! Great video, and love the coat xx
They have Great British Bake Off on Netflix here in the States and I couldn't stop watching - absolutely love it! 🤗
Anna, really miss your evening get ready videos like the one you did in Paris. You did such a great job and the editing was amazing. Would love to see more!
Anna, that soup looked delicious! I'd like to point out though, that most worcestershire brands (including the one you used) have anchovies in them... so they're not vegan. Just a heads up for the next time you have vegan people over :)
So healthy and INSPIRATIONAL!🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
150% obsessed with that coat!! xoxo, caylie
no joke eating a Block of Cadbury milk chocolate while watching this
Anna I love how honest and normal you are. Brilliant video :)
Anna can i move in with you?? I'm always wearing my dressing gown at home and everyone tells me off! They're so cozzzzzyyyyy!!
A curry and GBBO 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Cute nails!!
love these videos anna!
Quick tip lea and perrins contains anchovies
1st world problems - and Tesco sell lemon and poppy seed muffins. 🙄
Just went to the gym for the first time in weeks and now this video pops up, guess this is a sign to live healthy again hahah - EVERYTHING LOOKS SO GOOOOOOOD 👅👅💗💗
❤️❤️❤️
Love this 💗
Love this so! ❤️
Cinnamon Grahams are life
That soup looked amazing , defo making it tomorrow 👍🏻
Is pizza junk food? 🤔
Loved this Anna!
Love this videoooooo x
Pickled onion monster munch - throw back!!!
Byyyyyeee, love you--cutest cutest cutest bean\n\nI love theeeeese eeeeeee
more WIEIAD videos pls!!!!!!
Great vid subscribed 👌
Love your fashion sense so much :D especially the dressing gown :D
Aww I want more vlog ):
You need to clean your shower head. Put some white vinegar in a ziplock bag, stick the head in the bag, use a hair tie or rubber band to secure the bag , keep it overnight and it will clean itself, next morning just scrub it a little and it will all clean
I'm eating McDonald's and watching this 😳
Please stop being so self indulgent and talking about yourself.
OMG i've been using estee's soup recipe for years too! love it! hahah
Would love to see more of these videos 😍
I love your What I Eat in a Day videos. So many great recipes and meal inspo.
You should get an immersion blender. Saves so much time for soups like that. You can throw in the veggies straight away and then blend it in the pan.
The link to the soup recipe doesn't work, but I'm guessing it's the Power Protein Soup 😏 \nThanks for the inspiration Anna, you just gave me a good idea for lunch and dinner !
That soup look delicious, I'm gonna try it myself!
What size coat did you go for ? Is it true to size ? X
Love your food vids as usual! But the vocal fry was very difficult to listen to .
I love this kind of videos!!
i could watch you for hours and hours!! Love videos like this, more please :-) and by the way: the coat is GOALS, i will order as well. Just for reference: which size did you order? :)
You're my favourite youtuber and absolutely love these chilled types of vlogs! Especially what I eat in a day! ❤️ much love x
This was motivation for me, thanks 😎😇
Your hair is looking soooo glossy and lovely! Updated hair care routine?! x
I love your nails in this video! What is it?!
You are truly a role model. Your vlogs are my favorite !
For a girl who has eaten loads of junk food you look fab!! Love that coat x
Thanks for the healthy motivation.  I've been on the junk food train myself.  Vegetable soup looks so yummy.  I love your new coat too!
Loved your throw back to Barney the Dinosaur haha! Great video, super hungry after watching this now :)
Yet another cracking vlog! Thanks for being incredible with the content... and just in general! www.byharrison.com
Anyone know where you can find a coat like this but way cheaper??
If you love cinnamon grahams, you might like this recipe for grain-free Almond Cinnamon Crunch cereal. It's seriously SO GOOD. Plus the little squares are cute and you feel so accomplished having made your own cereal that's not muesli or granola! https://www.mynewroots.org/site/2017/08/cinnamon-crunch-cereal-hemp-milk/
Just to let you know worcestershire sauce isn't vegan as it has anchovies in it x
Your life is so soothing to watch. I love the coat! I'm looking for a coat just like that except with buttons.
You have a good attitude about food 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻\nBalance is key 🏆
We love your What I Eat In A Day videos! You always have the best recipes that we like to try out. Also, that cost looks incredible on you!\n-Ash & Shelbs xx
I just found your channel a couple weeks ago and I've been catching up and absolutely love all of your videos!
Hey Anna, have your ever tired mixing your Greek yoghurt with protein powder? I have it all the time and it is amazing for the sweet tooth 👌🏼 especially if you the 0% fat rage Greek yoghurt. Definitely give it a try, especially vanilla protein 😍 xxx
Love that coat!!! What size did you get (for reference, not nosy 😬)?
Could you do a video on your favourite cookbooks or recipes?! I'm stuck in a rut with food and needing inspiration 😊
Im eating pizza off of the oven tray while watching this x
Saw the apricot,thought I'd let you know you have a subscriber from Armenia,the homeland of apricot 😊❤️🇦🇲Apricots are amazingly healthy!
All I would love right now is a Dairy Milk Chocolate Bar ngl!! 😂😂
Hi Anna! I microwave my potatoes first to make sure they are soft. Just be sure to stab them first. I can so relate to not everything cooking and coming together at the right time. Most recently for me it was some lentils in a veg chili.
Drinking wine and laying on the couch while watching this.... I noticed you sure know how to cook Anna! You cut things properly and not just pretend (you won't imagine how many of my friends still can't cook!)
Boil your potatoes before putting them in a curry!
If you want potatoes to cook on the stove you have to add liquid otherwise it'd burn before they cook. Also dice them a lot smaller. But man That soup looked so good! I add Worcestershire sauce to everything too lol its so savory and delicious
you always look so chic, loveee the coat 😭😍
Is there a glossier haul coming then?
Gotta have that balance! I bought some chocolate on vacation so I've been treating myself to a piece (or two haha) after meals..but the meals are healthy at least!! :) The vegetable curry looks so good too..and I'm loving that coat.
Anna I keep trying to subscribe to your newsletter and I never receive the confirmation email. I've tried on different days and it just won't work. Just thought you should know in case it's an issue on your end. Love your videos xo
Hey Anna  I <3 your videos. \nAre you planning to do a haul for capsule wardrobe? That would be helpfull. And also some tips to buy clothes that are current but not too trendy because next year they go out of style!!!
I could not relate to this anymore right now! :)
That coat is everything I have ever dreamed a coat to be ✨ NEED IT
Girl you bring joy to my heart ❤️.. and that cookies looks amazing 🍪 🤤
I love these kind of videos!  And I love it on Wednesday's when I wake up there's always an Anna video waiting on me!! 💕💕
Not Lazy! Judicious use of time. :)    Life's too short to waste time making rice
Waiting for your house tour video ...
the food looks great!
Potatoes cook faster in water than in sauce. Done the same thing. I think its better to pre-cook them first and throw them in last :)
The picture of that cookie toward the end look ...so GOOD !!!!!!!! Lovely vlog as usual. xx
Thx for being honest!! I feel like a lot of youtubers upload a what i eat in a day and only show the good stuff or pretend to be super healthy and eat super fancy things and small portions only. 😒\nOn another note: the coat is super pretty 😊
I just went out to the kitchen, picked at a packet of cooking choc chips without any control/ awareness. I have no idea how much I had....What is wrong with me? :P
I LOVE THESE VIDEOS
And now I'm hungry....;-)
Literally brought that coat in black last week - in love!!!!
Aaahh that music you use, so relaxing. Makes me think of being at the beach, when I really should be working right now haha
I love your What I Eat In a Day videos! ♥
Enjoyed this real life what I eat in a day 👍🏻
Loved this 💕
Anna! You didn't show all the chocolate buttons you consumed while watching Bake Off!
Nice Vans Anna! Love your foodie vids.
What's your take on the new GBBO hosts? We're so stressed out about it here in the States!
Liked it before watching it cause I love what I eat in a day vids/vlogs 👌🏼
Wow, you're so lucky to have the cherry bombe cookbook already! So excited for it in October! I totally recommend their podcast, it's awesome!
Your voice is annoying
Stock cubes aren't exactly healthy. Just make vegetable stock from fresh vegetables and freeze it.
I think we found our winner! When she wins I dare you to come back to this video and like if she doesn't you can do whatever you want.But mark my words SHES GONNA WIN this little girl is gonna make it far! 😍I love her so much
She's amazing please vote for her she deserved to win with a purpose and what amazing voice\nرد
She just keeps on upping the ante. Brilliant talent worthy of our admiration. Brave choices. Bravo 😇
A prodigious child that leaves us all in a state as we can't believe what we are witnessing! The bashers are absolute nutjobs who can't even announce the lottery numbers! I love Angelica and I'm going to vote for this outstanding singer without reservation. Bless....
Angelica (an.’ge. li. ca)  |noun| 1. Singing prodigy  2. Massive  voice,  professional range and control \n3. Nailed that note - The Mariah Note!  4. Survivor  5. A Phenomenon   \n6. Great personality  7. A $Hundred-Million Dollar CD and MP3 i-Tunes industry!
This girl is going to win the best ever
OMG OMG!!!! i just watched angelica's facebook live. she is working on her own songs. SHE IS ALSO WRITING A SONG!!! can you believe it,what a talented girl!!. i hope she will play a piano and sing her own original song in the finals pls pls pls...
Angelica Hale is the best!!!! I've wanted her to win since the beginning!! She's the best singer in this whole thing!
And the winner is ANGELICA!!!
She is amazing
I love you😊🦄🌺🌌🎤
#2 on trending, that is so WOW!
Every now and then, something out of heaven graces this earth. This little girls voice contains something that words can't describe.
She gave me goosebumps... Like legit. And chills
Angelica hale for the win👏👏👏👏👏👏
😍 The voice make me cry
She just turned 10. See her grow America!
She sings from the heart..😢😍
Data Entry / Captcha Entry\n\nEarn Money Online Absolutely for Free!!!\n\nNo Membership Fee!\nYou Only Need Is Cellphone and or Computer with Internet Connection!\n\nAgain ABSOLUTELY FREE!!!\n\nJust Click the Link below:\n\nhttp://guredrgyve.date/6962950700644/
I forgot how many times I played the video. It sounds better and better as you listen to it. \nI wish this is in my Spotify playlist.
Lol, i just hate the way that women saying to subscribe.
I love the part where she singing ' I won't run....' Awesome 😀
omg this is really great!!😭💯
i'll split my vote within Angelica\nand Darci 5/5.\n\nWhoever wins,  CONGRATS...\n\nCant wait to see Angelica\nwriting her own music\nsomeday...am sure it's gonna be great...
This is too beautiful! That emotion wow and the powerful voice and nice control for a 10 yr old girl. Amazing!
She's a heaven sent.  Listening to this kid is part of my daily activities.  H\n😍
I'm sorry but what the purpose of triagle background over there??
this young talent is so winning this season...
Here's my advice to the handler coach of Angelica on her Finals piece:  let her sing power balad with Rap combi...FOR THE WIN!!!..
I will subscribe back everyone wo subscribes too me! Comment when done
She overpowered some notes and those unnecessary adlibs but she did a really great job
👍🎶🎶😍Good 'Really like her'
I wanna hear her sing titanium. It would be good cause you need a strong voice for titanium and she has one :)
I think the winner of this season will be Darci Lynne...😊... just my opinion
Watch the voice philippines
https://youtu.be/sHs0fbQRCzQ Please view for school purpose. Sorry for interrupting. Have a nice day, thank you!
She needs to sing the next disney movie pls hire her she is incredible. Win or lose you're a hella killer angelica! The whole Philippines is supporting you and we are so proud of you! \n\nPs. I always get chills when you perform and you leave my eyes tearing every time you hit those notes.
angelika it,s best of best
Cant wait to see your performance in the finals! Speechless right now!
She's got to win AGT. She's the reason I started watching AGT again. When she does a record I hope she showcase songs which shows off her musical range but not from those Disney princess schlock songs.
She deserve to win and if she will win part of the prize will be donated to her chosen childrens hospital charity..
It's kinda weird to hear without YO multiple times...\n\nBut still, this performance is close to perfection! Great job Angelica!\n\nFor me, the finals will be between Angelica and Darci :)
In some point of her singing she rides on the melody so comfortably like a surfer riding on the surfboard. She started rocking coming into the pipe and getting out of the pipe standing tall in top of the surfboard with a smile of a champion.
I can all ready see it she is going to win
she deserves to win! \nGO GO GO angelica
If you like her that its fine and if its not thats your problem, everyone have their own opinion BUT dont forget they just a kid so mind you before u commenting harshed word against angelica and celine.they are both good in their own right period.
listiening to her sing this song gets in my feels
Every song is a poem that speaks to the heart.
Angelica is completely amazing.  I have repeatedly watched her performances and they are thrilling.  She is so very gifted and gracious.  I love her and hope she takes it all!
0:34 😱😱😱😱😱 I'm a disappointment to my parents lol
Usher and David Guetta loved Angelica Hale's version of their song.
i just watched this on my tv but it was so beautiful, i wanted to watch it again
I missed the sweet thank you and kertsey at the end... still hope this angel wins.
I love Angelica because she sings her heart out and with her feelings and emotions while Celine, singing How Far I'll Go is just singing oo's andd oh's. Im not giving hate on Celine, Im just saying what's in my opinion. No hate
Speechles\n\n\nI'm an old soul but this was amazing
to all bashers: imagine your kid being her. she's ten years old for crying out loud! and she's actually beyond doubt someone with a reasonably enormous amount of talent.
For any new watchers, I encourage you to check out all of Angelica's AGT performances bc she is amazing. Rise Up, Girl on Fire and Clarity.
I got it! Look at the all finalists who got through. They all went through some certain level of drama in their lives! But ANGELICA got it most of all! She had experience of her life in such of early age... She was on both sides while she was in coma in the hospital. She takes you on the journey while she signs. There is no way you can stop watching and listen to her like an angel voice while she is singing. Look at the songs she picks! All about her experience to share with us! No wonder some of them are much better than an originals. She performs ... and then song is rightfully hers!!! AMAZING! Very soon she will be the BEST singer in the World! It is not a prediction! It is a statement! I more than sure that you all will agree with me! God speed ANGELICA! All World watching you!
She is my top 2 or winner mark my word i predict all i want the winner just like i heard the voice so nice even america loves her the angel was born down to the earth and she say give love for all people she is so angelic face\n:)
after i heard angelica im watching the original song. and come back to angelica.... reply and reply and reply... wow to many reply and still reply
We get it... America can sing.
she is special.  her performances always lingers on.  americans,  pls vote for her.
GOOSEBUMPS every time!! this little girl has SO much control in her voice! love this angel <3
#2ndTrending
Filipino pride 🇵🇭
It
Filipino Pride 😱😍😘👍👏
#2 trending ❤💯
Too cute 💞
Filipino pride, Go angelica hale 🙂😙😙
Iba talga maga pilipino😀😀😀
literally Darci vs Angelica
1.35
Nice boys
ATLANTA WORKSHOP PLAYERS!!!!!!!
Galing! 👏🏼
overrated
KIDS THIS DAY
I didnt cry 😅
without *YO* 😂
wow
Woah it makes me chills
Just wow!
click & win$$$\nhttp://www.sltravelz.tk/
Yeahh bruhhh 2nd in trending
Omg her voice gives me chills😍:)
Vote Angelica for president
She is amazing!!!😁😁😁😁
So cute😍
This give me chills bro...
beautiful voice
Damm she can sing
Angelica Hale is better than Celine Tam.Like if you agree.
AMA Americas Music Auditions.
i want angelica will sing with bad words lol
I like it but i dont think its the right song i think celine tam could sing this
No offense to the singers, but I don't think they should come onto AGT. There are plenty of singing shows to go onto, so AGT should keep itself non singing. Singers can be overrated and they'll win even though someone was way better at their talent
Wtf is this\nSTOP SHOWING THIS ON MY TRENDING TAB
I am still with Darci💝
Do you honestly want to see this again america? Singing is just boring and doesn't require much talent, and she ain't even cute
My body is ready.
Is this like the majjii from the old mummy movies?
I don't know why but, Assasin's Creed's graphics never looked like in sinematic trailer (You can compare)
Am I the only one thinking who is this assassin and who in the hell trained him to be so good and unique
I don't think they are templars I think they're linked to the first civilisation
i hope brutus is in this game, the one who responsible for caesar's death
Lord Chin Chin is not pleased
Ohhhhhhh! Are they gonna say the Plagues of Egypt were all caused by pieces of Eden? That's a really cool idea.
This better relate to the ancient human civilizations.
Man I want this game so bad. Haven't been this excited about a game since news of rdr2. I hope it has a great story.
SO the mejai are both defender against the evil mummy and origin of the assassins. LOLOLOLOL
So these are like the egyptian Templars
Assassin's Creed should have a more Uncharted 4/God of War 4/Prince of Persia feel rather than a Witcher 3/arcade game feel. The trailers always have that feel but not the game. It'd be cool if the combat was like Assassin's Creed Syndicate but a flowed a little better like in Batman Arkham because the riggedness and repetitiveness of the fighting got a bit tedious in Syndicate at times. The animations seem blocky at times.
By the order of the Ancients.\n- Dragon Knight, Dota 2
THIS COUNTRY ?! come on Ubisoft... \nthe notion of country didn't even exist yet back in ancient Egypt era. There were only empires and unexplored lands.\nshould we take this as a bad sign for poor research work and possible more and bigger historical inaccuracies within the game?
This trailer is awesome i can't wait.
Wow! It's beautiful!
What else this Game is Missing im trying think ? O The Great City Of Thebes Egypt The Black African Romen Soldiers Saint Maurice Born came from Egypt Thebes but Thebes Egypt was Great City Well Protected Around Cleopatra Times   More Medjay Forces Nubian Medjays To Help Bayek fight against All Them Men remember Bayek can always go to the South Look up Ta-Seti they were Ancient Nubia Medjays South Adewale would Been good Medjay maybe Bayek can Control Whole Army of Medjays From South Nubia Lands They The Templars think they will take over Egypt like that Think again the Unknown Medjay Nubian Force will Destroy Them Bayek an Aya Will not Fight Alone This War Will be Big Epic Gameplay Bigger Then All the other Assassin Creeds they might Control the Pharaonic Pharaoh but will not control Egypt
Here is how I feel...\nI have a PS4.\nEvery footage we've seen so far on Assassin's Creed Origins runs on XBOX One X. Now, I am not trying to criticize Xbox One X or the game itself and it's performance on XBX, rather it's one of the most gorgeous looking games so far and I love everything about ACO. So what is my problem? It's the fact that we will be seeing a different game, a downgraded game, when played on PS4 and Xbox One S. Those two consoles can't handle this game, in my opinion, even at 1080p with descent graphics and playable frame-rate (based on other game releases such as Final Fantasy XV or The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt). To try and make it look good means they would have to compromise the frame-rate or in order to play in a (I consider smooth) 30fps, we would get really bad graphics. I fear that ACO for (especially) PS4 would be the same case with Unity or Syndicate. Unity looked beautiful but lacked frame-rate and performance and Syndicate was smoother but lacked the eye appeal that Unity granted. So basically what I'm saying is that the only choice you have on enjoying this title is to play it on PS4 PRO or Scorpio (consoles). Anything besides that, for this game and every other game to come, PS4 and XBS is a downgrade, and Sony and Microsoft aren't saying a thing about this issue because, I know, they do have better options. Pro (Sony), Scorpio (Microsoft), and now it's only up to the player if he/or she wants the better experience in the end, but of course, it'll cost you.
So bayek is working for Cleópatra ? My theory is that Cleópatra is gonna be Crazy for power
0:58 why are they running to the fire?
Getting me THIS CLOSE to canceling my pre-order for Shadow of War for this. I can only afford one and I own all the rest of the AC games.
Filthy Goa'ulds! Where is SG1, when you need them?
That Vivendi forces in the trailer? If you do not buy more stocks, your company will burn to the ground...
Yup I just bought the gold edition :)
Pretty sure Ubisoft wants you to know that the templars are the Ancient Ones :)
In 0:34 was that reference to a spilting of a sea????
The Order of Ubisoft.\nMysterious figures, who seek the money of the ancient scrubs.\nHidden and faceless, they control the final content from the shadows. From downgrades to overpriced DLC's, their hunger for money and control is limitless.\nWhen Ubisoft craves for money, noone can stand in their way.\nTHEY ARE THE REASON FOR YOUR PAIN AND ANGER!\nIF YOU DO NOT ACT, THE GAMING-INDUSTRY WILL BURN TO THE GROUND!\n\n\n\nUbisoft will tear your wallet apart.\nWhat will you do, Casual?\n__________________________\n\nAnother AC Game, available October 27th.\nPre-order now and get a game, that isn't missing a mission, but we still add expensive DLC's with missions so you can enjoy the full game later for double the price.
Mummy?
YOU KNOW WHAT WAS GOOD ABOUT ASSASSINS CREED?  MY BOI CONNER KENWAY GAHAHA! FUK YEAS
cool
Pleaaaaaseeee be an awesome story
1:13 bayek can grow beard confirmed
WE
I'm excited!!
If there wasn't the parkour scene I would thought this was a new Far Cry
Combined with the combat changes and the introduction of the Order of the Ancients AC:Origins actually looks kinda interesting, which is a fairly big deal as I haven't been interested in an AC game since Black Flag.
I guess this could, set the AC series to be great again ever since.
game of the year no doubt
1st Purchase on Xbox One X!
Look at 0:58 . There's clearly some random NPC running straight into that burning wooden scaffold thing. You know that's a premium buggy ubisoft game if it has that kind of stuff in the damn trailer.
Can't wait to torrent this 🔥🔥🔥
Still waiting for assassins creed ninja.
that s a trailer !!!!
Does the voiceover sound like Rachel Weisz to anyone else? #originalMummy
Most detailed game of all time
That British accent doesn't fit
the order owns Egypt, right?
Unity is a great game..... If ubisoft had released it 6 months later the series wouldn't be a subject of hate now.....
SHIPS???? :D :D
Cool
Why does medunamon look like a blob fish?
Ulan şunu beğenmeyen 115 kişi bi oyun yapsında onu oynayalım daha nası bi trailer bekliyo salaklar anlamadım.
Hello Mr Ashraf Ismail ,My name is Lee Yoon Hang from Malaysia and 18 years old call me Jackson Lee. thank you out of the assassin creed origin,I am assassin's creed supporters and National Historian.  I hope you through the video games with mission. You promised me, you make the game is replay mission and replay side missions in sequence just like Assassin's Creed 3, Liberation, Black Flag, Rogue, Unity, Chronicles and Syndicate. You are lot less game thing is in the single mission is Explore the area Identify opportunities : (1. Stealth Opportunity 2. Assistance Opportunity 3. Unique Kill Opportunity) by Assassins Creed Unity and Syndicate. Challenge in Single Mission and Side Mission, DLC Mission and Side Mission, Back to Old Kingdom Egypt mission just like World War 1 by Assassin's Creed Syndicate and Don't forget the Important Character is Mark Antony Rome politician and general in Egypt. But Mr Ashraf Ismail I have a question ? A Chinese Warrior Character is come from the Han Dynasty (BC 202~220),Han Dynasty clothing is correct but why his hairstyle looks just like The Qing dynasty (1636~1912)? How do you explain the game director! Very so funny man. I'm National Historian of student. Thank you for the Egypt world I'm very so happy and I'm your Supporters.
SO Hype for this game !
Maybe their 4 primary leaders would be -- War, Famine, Pestilence and Death -- now that would be awesome.
4K Native Only On Xbox Console
Who else us more excited buy this game at any cost...
hot this game reminds me of Shadow of Rome!
Well now, this looks pretty interesting, maybe even deep and dark, and not because of the fancy graphics with the beautiful art.\nBut because of what it shows.\nI hope its not a misinterpretation, because this could really make Assassins Creed an amazing franchise again, since the end of revelation.\nAnd I just loooove the setting, obviously haha.
The guy at 1:03 looks like Ashraf Ismail !!!!!!!!!!!!
I lost it at the Chinese gladiatior XD
Assassin's Creed with For Honor's combat would be pretty awesome
Still missing the old  Prince of Persia Trilogy ...   :(
Whats up with Ubisoft making AC games with graphics that are ugly or extremely mediocre??
Hi ubisoft where is prince of persia
Was that a shaolin?! 1:07
I stop play AC because I couldn't understand the story.
women sounds like god of war interpreter   !!!
All this money and it still wont touch the game from 2007.
Hate to burst peoples bubbles. But i played this game in the summer at a games show and it just didn't feel like an AC game. It felt like it was suffering a major identity crisis and was a mix of several other different games mashed into one. Combat was sluggish and the graphics aren't that great. They went for a massive map instead and cut back on graphics. The map feels empty too. Its a case of here's a big map but there isn't much to do in it. It will get very boring very quick.
Jewish Prester John Confirmed
ANCIENT EGYPT --- A drone in the form of an eagle. But still so hyped by the setting and these kind of trailers Ubisoft is making.\n\nGood job Black Flag team!
Beautiful game! can't wait to play on the Xbox One X
Looks like I need a new graphics card
This and Xbox one X. Can't wait!
And then rpg elements destroyed the game
awesome....
WE
I'm too excited
Cannot wait!
ah, c'mon...
Oh, my damn.
Very very siniestr..
voice sounds like Emillia Clark AKA Daenerys Targaryen from Game of Thrones.
ITS AGE RESTRICTIONED
It's Everyday Bro.
super a ssassins kiedy premiera
0:58 is the best. The stuck NPC running in a fire. I also love the ULTRA-LOW polygons all around.
So you create an organization to fight them and make a really really really stupid creed.  This should be a reboot and change that stupid creed.  Everything is permitted, remember?  How stupid.
0:51 U can already see a glitch in trailer... Great work ubi!!!!!
This is not a trailer. We want a trailer like Ac brotherhood, Ac 3 and 4
Your Egypt isn't yours, it belongs to the order. For the father of understanding guides us.
00:58 look at that guy running in same place at the market
Remember, its ubisoft...
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN SOOON !!!!
Is it only me who wanted the protagonist to have a beard?
Maybe some armors/outfits with the greek/egyptian/roman style would be nice to see. And take your time to make this game great, dont sell us the name ... sell us a game that will love. And reconsider that dodge, too long!
Every ac game is the same,a  bunch of trailing missions and another bunch of assassinations.
What happen ac series after origins
For your sore lips i recommend the bariederm balm by uriage! It's amazing for sensitive lips.
Lily I love your videos and watch every single one of them! I love it because of the realness of it whether you're in a negative mood or not. Im not annoyed by it I guess after watching you for years you are like a friend to me talking about everything in life or whinging about stuff which is perfectly normal between friends!
Found your comment on the whys of not commenting that someone looks pregnant to be the most direct, succinct, honest, polite and refreshing one I've seen.  As for feeling down, everyone does at times--whether or not they own it or not.  Love the honesty!
I'm one of your older fans (36), and I loved this video. I went through a 4 month period of feeling off and down and I'm finally coming out of it. Good luck! I felt a little lost so if you're feeling that way, I hope you find yourself and discover how to be good with life.
I normally don't reply on your videos. I watch them to learn and they are good but this blog was pants. Keep reading...not the part where you express your thoughts and feelings, kudos for that. What I found shallow and a little condescending was the non interest in Fenty Beauty. I am about 10 years your elder and American, so I don't always meld with your taste but give you a listen and I learn somethings. Today as a subscriber I felt let down by that flippant attitude. I could be wrong, people don't come for me, it's not worth it, but this is how I saw you today.
What nail polish are you wearing in this video? It looks great on you.
Thanks for keeping it real. It's a part of life to have highs and lows, it's great that you don't completely hide it all away. I'd much rather see an honest vlog than a fake one. Hope your days get brighter again soon.x
Oh my God about that Fenty *****!! Am sick and tired of all youtube reviewing it;using it,testing it !! I swear I was about to go crazy,I swear I will never buy anything from Fenty Beauty! never ,people go crazy man! And I was sure you aint one, as an old subscriber ,I know ur classy anyway, dont mean to be rude towards Rihannas line ,but people makes you hate it!!*\nAnd Lily, hope you will feel better soon :))) thank you for your honesty, you're amazing the way you are :)))
I don't normally comment but just wanted to say thank you for being honest & not pretending that everything is always sunshine & roses. This is why I like you - you're real & not trying to be something you're not. I can completely relate to the being down but not knowing why. Went through a horrible phase of it last year so I really hope you come out the other side soon for your own sake. \nAs for the pregnancy thing - I agree that it's so rude to speculate about someone publicly (not going to lie, with some of my friends I do think it!) as you don't know what's going on behind closed doors. \nStill love your videos & look forward to them 😊
I really don't feel like you have to say sorry for feeling like that. We all have days or periods like that. It's natural. Hope you feel better soon Lily, love you and Anna :) Love from Norway
Enjoyed your vlog.
You be YOU!
I know that you're conscious that you may not come across as being incredibly chipper or bubbly in your videos; but one of the reason I'm subscribed to you and keep watch is because of your realness. It's nice to see how honest you are unapologetically human quite frankly! You come across in a genuinely relatable way which is refreshing. I also love that you check people that ask of assume that someone is pregnant - you're so right about online etiquette! I too feel that fruit flies are the bane of my life right now! Thanks for sharing Lily, much love 💜 x
Lily I love your videos and its so nice that you are real, I work from home and at the best of times I wake feeling so low and literally nothing makes me happy its fine and you are normal but because you have the public presence its more pressure....
A very relatable day! Even if you didn't feel cheery, your vlogs always brighten up my day! X
Dear Lily, I don't usually comment, but I watch every video you upload, so I thought it would be nice to express my support. I hate to hear you're feeling so negative lately. It must be hard to keep up with this kind of work when feeling down, but you're doing a great job and I love your videos! You should not apologise for your mood, I think it's perfectly normal for everyone to have better and worse phases in their life. \nI also agree that the pregnancy comments are terribly rude! My sister recently got a few of those comments and she was really insulted, and I could totally understand her - it's nobody's business! So just try to ignore them :)
Thank you Lily for speaking so openly, I haven't commented on here before but wanted to let you know I appreciate your honesty. We all have times we we feel low and it's so important to talk about our mental health.
Well done for being yourself. You are actually helping a lot of people. We all feel crap sometimes and talking about it is the key. In fact I prefer watching your vlogs when you are raw and real. I loved it :-)
I alternated between wanting to bring you a cup of tea and offering you a shoulder. I feel like so many of us can not only sympathize but empathize with you as well. In fact, my co-worker and I had a discussion about wanting to crawl under our desks and hide from the world today. Don't ever feel like you have to put on a fake front. Just be you Lily. In terms of the baby conversation, oh boy. My wife and I have been together for 11 years and we only recently decided that even though we love children they simply aren't for us. Surprisingly our parents took the news wonderfully. Everyone else has been a hit or miss. We're very flattered that people think we'd make wonderful mothers, but that doesn't mean it's what we want.
You are such a lovely woman 😍😍
Hi Lily, I had similar lip issues to yours and after months of trying to figure them out I realized I'm allergic to beeswax, which is found in 99% of lip balms and some lipsticks. It took me a while to realize it was beeswax because I had been using lip balms with it my whole life and never had any problems with it until this year, but apparently it's an allergy you can develop at any time. \nSo far I've only found two lip balms that don't contain any: LUSH None of your Beeswax and Crazy Rumors. Since I started using these and avoiding any other lip products with beeswax, I haven't had any more problems with my lips. I hope this helps! :)
Hope you feel better 💕 I love your honesty, and don't worry about us/your viewers, you do you 👍 😘
We all have times when we are sad and it's ok to be. You shouldn't force yourself to look happy in videos. You're human just like us.
Life is too short to be doing big things you dislike or being around people that you do not want to communicate with. Give yourself permission to take a break and do more of the things you enjoy.  It will bring back your inner smile and help you focus on the things that truly matter to you.
If you can, find Boroline somewhere. It is this very popular ointment in India and it helps fix sore and cracked lips. Whenever my lips are bleeding because of whatever reason, I just apply a thick layer of it overnight andy lips are fixed by the morning. Sometimes these lip balms do more harm than good- they moisturise lips at first and then dry them out. Try this out.
It's so rude to say someone's glowing. I just hate that. I'd definitely rather look dull 😐
Unforunately these days in Italy it really feels like autumn, a lot of Wind and rain 😩
oh Lily, I love when you talk about this whole happiness/grumpiness thing! I'm lucky enough because where i spend most of my days everyone is complaining about everything anyways! I understand the pressure you feel to look like the other bloggers, who are super happy and content all the time. Congratulations on not giving in and doing the same! Congratulations on being still so authentic after all this time blogging. On a different note, I also struggle with my hair and the keratin/brazilian blowouts treatments. Could you do a video on what you have tried so far and your impressions on it? Have you ever actually done any real straightening treatments like those older ones with ammonia? Thank you!
I go through many sad moments and find it difficult to get out of the funk. I found it comforting that I'm not the only one.
Hi Lily - re your lips, I went through something v. similar, suddenly became allergic to some ingredients when I hit 30 - it's really worth seeing a dermatologist and seeing if patch testing would help - may not be the same thing for you but I know how annoying it is to suddenly struggle to wear lipstick!
I support you and appreciate you, Lily. Difficulties in life happen and it's not always something you want to share. Thanks for being open. I enjoyed the vlog. 💜
Lily, you're just so great :)
I always relate to you because of your lower energy, chilled out vibe. Take care of yourself and as always, thanks for sharing :)
I am inlove with that jumper, it looks like the cosiest thing ever!
Lily you really look depressed. I hope you can find some help.
Try the Laneige Lip Sleeping Mask - it's incredible.
keep working out Lily.  the endorphins will improve your mental state.  I feel so sluggish when I don't work out. A good jump board session energizes me all day.  Its impossible to not feel better after a workout
Haha I love you and well done for figuring out the rice cooker! Win! I'm a sucker for Lily Pebbles vlogs. My absolute fave vlogger #1 please continue to vlog for the foreseeable future
Lily, I loved this vlog. I fully empathise with you, as I also don't feel all that great these days. I loved how you did lots of small things to cheer your self up a little. Very healthy and nice to watch. Lots of love xxxx
Moany and whingy hmmm. You're human! We go through shit. It's not all rainbows and sprinkles all day errday
Oh lily! I hope you are ok. Everyone goes through these types of moods and phases and I personally think it's good you are being honest and real! That's why I love you! And you don't look pregnant at all. You are right it's the hardest thing when people keep asking you and expecting you to announce something. I find it awful as we are trying to get pregnant with our second child and we struggled so much with our first and had to go through IVF and everytime someone asked me I just wanted to cry. Same as now.... Thank you for showing that you understand it's not easy for everyone and that you are sensitive to this. I'm sorry for you that people keep asking! Oh and I never comment on videos - I just wanted you to know I was thinking of you! X
so naturally pretty lily! thanks for the video x
Try changing your toothpaste. I got a reaction from a strong/ whitening one and my lips haven't been the same since!
Lily i think it's the change of season that's making you feel low. I honestly have been feeling the same very negative and i for sure think it's the winter blues! Love the honesty, after all you are human and can't possibly always be happy in life. Hope you feel better soon xx
Lily I loved this chatty video! Don't ever feel sorry for being your true, authentic self. It's beautiful.
Like you're Vlogs - speaking very well awesome Video
I really like your long chatty vlogs Lily ! I find them so relaxing and i usually watch them when i have my coffee. Hope you are feeling better!
the christophe robin salt scrub is my favorite scrubbing shampoo and it smells amazing! you don't have to worry about getting anything gritty out of your hair because the salt will eventually dissolve under the spray of your shower
p.s. I know when I worked from home, I felt lonely. Maybe an office space shared with others would help?!
Lily, I truly appreciate you being honest about your feelings and conveying your real feelings rather then being superficial. This is especially important with social media constantly showing us how good other people have it....we all feel down at times and it's so refreshing to hear someone else who feels the same way that I do sometimes. Just this Tuesday I was so sad and anxious and I didn't have any reason. Listening to you today made me feel so much better \n❤️
A good scalp scrub is baking soda! It works suuuper well, just make sure you condition afterwards. Gets rid of flakes and product buildup.
I'm sorry you don't feel up to par. We all have these days. Maybe we all tend to be this way, too, but I find you complain an awful lot sometimes. There's nothing wrong with it. Just my opinion.
I rarely ever post messages but am a regular viewer. We all have crap days but the majority of us don't have to explain ourselves to others. I can only imagine how hard it is to feel like shit in front of thousands of viewers. I love watching your channel because you're a normal person with real emotions. Just keep doing you. You don't need to explain yourself to anyone. It's human to have feelings.  Much love!
You're lovely, that's all I have to say!
Lily, if you can get your hands on the Jack Black Intense Therapy Lip Balm, I HIGHLY recommend it for dry, chapped, and sore lips. The Shea and Mint version is my personal favorite and the only balm I use, especially during the winter months (and I live in Michigan, which is equivalent to Canadian cold all the time).
I like this :) as lots of people have said it's refreshing to be honest about how you're feeling and ironically it can be pretty depressing watching everyone be so cheerful all the time and leaving out the bad parts. So yeh just as happy to watch this as much as your other videos. P.s just realised I've  been watching your videos for 2 years now! Be they positive or negative! Happy Anniversary :P x
Hey Mandi! I got last year on the US  ASOS site, had to check daily for a while . Good luck!
Completely agree it's so inappropriate to ask someone if they are pregnant.  It's a real bug bear of mine!  Have you seen the doctor about your lips? They could prescribe a steroid cream, and I'd ask them to check for contact dermatitis. Apologies if you have already done this - I know it's annoyingly when people give advice I just really feel for you, they look so sore!
Doesn't everyone have crap days? It's only normal, nobodies life is perfect and to be honest I applaud and respect you more lily as you are real. It's refreshing to see as you don't find that with online personalities, I'd much rather watch a vlog like this on the odd occasion rather than a 'designer handbag haul etc' cause it makes you more relatable xx
sorry to hear you're feeling out of sorts but at the same time it's so lovely to hear someone be so honest! xx
You're amazing. Don't you worry about a thing, gal !!!!!
Lovely vid! Your so down to earth, and genuine! Love your vids! ❤️❤️ Xx
Love that you addressed the haters and those saying you're pregnant. I think you look.....beautiful. :-)
Lily where is your black jumper from? I love it x
The best way to get rid of fruit flies is a few drops of dish soap, a couple tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, and water in small bowls and jars near where the fruit flies are. Close all of your windows. Leave the flat for the day and come home to no fruit flies :)
You rock! Thanks for being honest and normal. Hope the dark cloud has passed.
If you put some apple cider vinegar in the bottom of a jar with a funnel on top, it's an amazing fruit fly catcher :)
Such a shame that other women perpetrate this myth that we as women have to be pregnant as soon as we marry. Can women not be happy and fulfilled without children? You do you lily, moany and all xxxxxxxx
Lily, you are a person, not a youtube actor. Keep it real always and be yourself with your happy and not so happy moments. I am thankful that I can watch your channel and that you do such a good job. Sadness and anger are feelings just like others and we should just feel them and not fight them.
Hey Lily! I'm one of your more silent viewers who usually don't comment, but I just wanted to write to you now and say how much I enjoy you content, on both youtube and instagram. I actually think one of the main reasons you're my favorite youtuber is that you always seem so genuine, kind, humble and grounded. In the things you put up it really feels like you show it how it is, and that's why you're such a likable person. When someone can dare to show themselves like that, that's when you feel like you can connect and relate to that person :)  People will always comment stupid shit due to ignorance, jealousy or lack of engagement in their own lives, and that's sad really. When I'm faced with something rude or mean I usually try to think about what is it within this person that makes him/her feel the need to say/do this? and then it's easier to not only know but actually feel that the problem lies with them. Anyway, you're awesome! Hope to run in to you next time you visit Stockholm! ;)
For lips you could try the Arden 8h lip balm. Or a cheaper alternative would be the nivea (or labello) lip butter. Helps my lips survive winter.
Lily try bepanthen for your lips!! even though its a nappy cream for babies, it works wonders for me Xx
It's funny that we all compare ourselves to other people, and even you do it (as you said), but don't worry about that, Lily! I know i certainly don't compare you to others, i just get home from work and watch your videos as if you were my friend...a real human being!
Loveyou Lily. I love how relatable this is, this is me on a day to day, and honestly sometimes its good to show the world life isn't AMAZING all the time, life naturally has ups and downs, its what makes the ups feel worth it, so it is 100% normal to not feel yourself, and please don't let peoples shitty comments get you down! I love that you are sharing it! :) \n\nAs for the Apple update, I have the same feelings on the new iPhone, just a bit MEH. I'm sure I will want the next one, once they realise the bugs in the face thing - which lets face it there will be bugs! But I am so excited for the apple watch. I have wanted one but just couldn't see the justification in it, but I think now is the time to go for it. I love how I could go out, go to the park with my son, and not need to worry about my handbag and purse etc... it's just fab! \n\nSorry - I'm rambling now, crazy lady in the comment section, but thought i would say hi - as I watch all your videos and rarely comment - but I thought with your mood it might brighten your day to know your not alone, social media jobs can be so lonely, despite the social aspect :) All my love! :)
You are so sincere and genuine - love your channel X
I can't believe people make those pregnant comments! In the hundreds, no less. How bloody rude....
I am feeling the same exact way you are at the moment... so good to see someone else struggling as well, as weird as that sounds. Makes me feel less alone.
my wedding is the same day like yours! 9 days to go! fun fact -  I commented the same last year and I feel it was minute ago! happy anniversary L&R!
Id rather much here someone be honest and true about their feelings, than now that they are being silent to keep me from being uncomfortable/worried/etc. That does a disservice to the person who is experiencing those emotions, and deserves to work through it. And the act of speaking can be so therapeutic in a sense. Considering vlogging and youtube make up a big portion of your life, talking about how sad or shitty you might be feeling is only natural and in my personal opinion it adds to your content and makes me connect better to you.
Currently feeling the same about my work. Really appreciate that you share this and glad to know I'm not the only one! Keep going!
Lily, have you spoken to anyone about depression? Or thought about a change of career? It might help. You've been down for a good while and your life looks INCREDIBLY lonely, just rambling away in your flat alone. Isolation (as shown by how excessively happy you were to see the courier) isn't great for an extrovert like you. In any event, please don't hide how you're feeling - we go through hard times and being honest about yours can help others as they go through their own. x
Hi Lily, sorry if this feels very obvious to you but personally my lips get very sore  and red when I get slightly dehydrated. I know you obviously have other allergy/skin issues as well, but perhaps it is worth checking whether you're getiing your 8 glasses? Maybe that can help you alleviate some of the symptoms. Anyway hope it gets better soon!
It's just so odd that you have to explain to people that it's rude and in some cases insensitive to ask you if you're pregnant. I mean, really? How do they not know that? So ridiculous.
Lily i have the same issue with my lips. Small blisters come up around the edges and ive found the Malin and Goetz lip moisturiser really helps. Before Id only be able to use vaseline but i know its not great to use that all the time. i find the m&g lip balm much more moisturising!
Lily I would definitely recommend using the Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour cream for your dry lips! Works amazing! Xx
Feeling down once in a while is normal ongoing feeling of being down is a sign of depression.  Please just go to your doctors and talk about how you are feeling.  There is a lot of ways to get you feeling better.  I love your videos and would never say anything negative but I am concerned about you.  There is nothing wrong with getting a little help when life gets you down.
Hey Lily, I really like that you don't try to be extra happy in your videos. I think it just shows how genuine you are. I am not following many youtubers anymore as sometimes I am just annoyed by this happyness overload. I guess that sounds horrible (how can someone be annoyed of people who are happy) but sometimes you just want to know that you are not alone with your frustrations and negativity and that genuine people share these emotions. So I hope you feel better soon. All the best!!
Speaking as someone who has dealt with infertility and miscarriage, pregnancy comments are rude and demoralizing. Don't do it ever.
Personally, I find you so much more 'real' than other youtubers. I don't mind the ranting, or grumbling, it's really refreshing actually! Keep on being you, that's why we like you! Your videos are almost like hanging out and catching up with a friend, with bits of travel, makeup, and fashion thrown in. Also total side note, as a fellow curly-haired girl I know you love your hair straight, but I'm so curious so see what it would be like styled with a good curling mousse or gel!
Felt inspired to comment after your instagram story, as I never do! I always come back to your channel purely because you're not sickly sweet or squeaky, but relaxing, straight talkin and a real person! Keep it up!
Do you know what Lily I ABSOLUTELY LOVED this video, it was so refreshing and real. I feel nowadays people try so hard to feel/look happy...You can only appreciate and value actual happiness when you've gone through the lows. There will be sunny days as well as the rainy grey days it's all a big cycle aka the growth of nature. Ok I've rambled...a Turkish Glaswegian 🙏🏻 xx
Hi Lily! I personally have these days too but instead of trying to 'get over it' and be positive, I actually savor the 'bad mood' and dwell in it. But I give myself a deadline to really feel it out and hopefully understand what's causing it. I found that when I try to 'get over it' so quickly, the feeling never goes away and I just get frustrated. We love you either way, we like you for being you, being real, not being happy and 1 mood all the time! x
Hope that you feel better listen to soothing music and meditate and relax darling maybe your doing to much god  bless and  take care of yourself
I definitely don't enjoy watching people that are overly cheery all the time, I would much rather watch someone more real and genuine like you :)
Oops missed my emoji off, curry looked yummy x
Paw paw cream is great for chapped lips 😃
Your cute. Keep uploading! I subscribed.
Hey Lily, I watch all of your videos but Ι hardly ever comment. I watch your video last night but came here again today after watching your insta story about how happy these comments make you feel. I like your vlogs because they are so genuine. Life is not all about hauls and travelling and fancy events, sure they are nice to watch but it is even nicer to watch that you have a normal life like most of us. I wish you find your motivation soon!
Lily, you are like a friend to us! :) It's normal we get low sometimes, glad you have shared it, so we can help to cheer you up :) It will pass, clearly, you need some time to take care of yourself first. I would recommend doing things that make you happy, simple things for yourself. And be patient with yourself - you will be happy again soon - difficult moments are the ones, when we grow most! <3 x
Umm... why is this on the trending page?
WHAT IF a Filter is not a perfectly mathematical object and it interferes with some light and redirects it?!?!?!?!?!?
Filter appears to alter the polarization of the light. Also, unless the light is reflecting back, it IS passing through. Though destructive interference makes it appear as those it hasn't. You cannot detect EM waves at a point where they interfere to create a resultant null. Never the less the light is there, but so is light that is 180 degrees out of phase.
Light isn't a photon or wave, it's a field effect. It's the only  reasonable explanation for how it can pass through a solid object like glass without slowing down. It solves all problems associated with particle wave duality. Look up the Electric Universe. Classic cosmology is a childish mess.
Ah, 3Blue1Brown video! This will take a long time. Let me get my popcorn.
nothing strange when you dont see the polarizer as 'filter' but rather as 'rectifier'. see http://alienryderflex.com/polarizer/
Great video!! 17-Minutephysics. Nah, I really appreciate your work. Btw I make videos too!
Can you block the third polarizing filter with paper but leave a space where A∩B∩C to see if it doesn't redirect light from A∩B for instance to A∩B∩C?
We need to report that bug...
So why can't photons just have a hidden variable that saves the angle at which it is polarized? \n\nEach time a photon passes through a polarizes filter it can either be absorbed or go through. When it goes through it just overwrites the photons polarisation.\n\nI would guess that entangled photons just share this hidden variable so that if it gets overwritten on one photon it also gets overwritten on its partner\nA way to test it would be to get entangled photons polarized on A, then split them into different directions where they will hit polarisation filters B and C after diffrent times. Depending on which filter is closer you should get diffrent results. So if one of the entangled photons goes through B first (85% chance of going through), its partner should have a 85 % chance to go through C afterwards. If the photon was absorbed by B, there is a 50% chance of it going through. So in total it is 72.225% + 7.5% = 79.75% chance of the photon going through the second filter if B ist First.\nAlso if C was hit first there would be a 50% chance of the photon going through, however the second photon would have a 85% chance of going through B since both are 12.5 degrees away from B.\n\nSo in if the entangled photon pair is polarized with A then:\nCase 1: B is closer than C\n85% go through B\n80% go through C \nCase 2: C is closer than B\n50% go through C\n85% go through B\n\nThey can't hit both filters at the same time, because there is no at the same time according to the theory of relativity.
I have sunglasses that get darker when I turn them sideways
Question: How does the math work out if you assume that the light passing through the filter will re-orient itself in the direction of the filter rather than the light requiring some special property to pass through each filter? So if light is passing through an initial filter, then one offset at 22.5 degree, then the light will re-orient itself by 22.5 degrees. Then if it passes through a filter offset from the first filter by 45 degrees, the light's new orientation will be offset by 22.5 degrees instead of 45 degrees. That means the same percentage of light will be blocked as when it passed through the middle filter.\n\nOne way to test this might be to set up two filters oriented the same direction and then put a filter between them that is oriented at 22.5 degrees. If the light is re-orienting itself as it passes through a filter, then the light exiting this setup will match the light exiting the setup with the 0 degree, 22.5 degree, and 45 degree filters. If the light does actually rely on special properties to pass through these filters instead, then the result should be the same as if there were just two filters with the second offset by 22.5 degrees.\n\nI don't have any polarized filters around to play around with this, but I have to assume that this has been done. Which result do you get? Does my idea of what's going on hold any water at all?
It's sounds like the Banach-Tarski paradox, something impossible that shouldn't work but does
The third filter is inserted between two lens.\nSo it Ben the light wave angle.\nLight can be modified through lens.\nHow simple is that.\nYou guys thinking too much
Lelelz it's quantum physics, what if photons 'didn't answer the question' and didn't passed through anything? I have no evidence but what if someone founds an evidence on this?\n\nLike what I said, it's 'quantum physics'.
Science is literally just a guessing game. All of our theories about how things work on the subatomic level is probably kinda right and wrong at the same time. More guessing and research needed.
Wha\nWat\nIsn't it just that those waves are rotated after passing the filter, and it's technically passing 22,5° filter two times...?\nAnd instead of decreasing the light by 50%, it decreases it by 15% two times...?\nLike, that's what I thought about in the beginning, tell me if im missing something here
The anecdotal evidence suggests that the light polarity can be rotated. The shallower the angle, the more likely it is that the polarity will rotate. So it would make sense that if you have many filters, gradually rotating the light's polarity, it will pass thru the two out-most filters oriented 90 degrees to each other.\n\nKind of like riding your bike into a wall vs riding your bike up a ramp. Riding your bike into a wall means you crash. Riding your bike up a ramp means you can keep going. But the closer that ramp is to being as vertical as the wall, the more likely it is that you'll crash.\n\nI don't understand why light need be regarded so rigidly. I know it has a constant speed.. but light's trajectory can still be manipulated, why not the polarity?
Also lenses from 3d movies have polarizing filters for anyone on budget
What if no photons pass through the filters, but are all absorbed and re-emitted?
The second filter rotates the light to 22.5° This can be proven by rotating the third filter. The light after third filter is maximum when it is aligned with the second filter, in this case 22.5°. This is higher than if the third filter is aligned with first filter (0°).Unexpected results come from false assumptions.
Actually the explanation is very easy, you used wrong theory to explain and that what makes it so complicated. 1st polarizer dont blocks light they shifts the phase of wave.  And the real reason  behind the weird number is when u change the phase of light from 0 to 90  deg is like bending a metal to a complete 90 angle is much harder than bending to 45deg. And if its already been bent to 45 deg in first go then its easier to bend it further. the easier it is to bent the easier light will pass through . But why quantum particle may behave like a rigid body? Because of the newtons first law. They're in a phase they will try to be in that phase the more you try to bend them in single pass the more will be blocked. The more passes you introduce the more easily they will be bent and easily pass through. I think now you have the answer.
Too much emphasis on what the photons/waves are doing and why but not enough emphasis on why the instrument reads in a particular way you could assume to think you know everything about photons and wave behaviour whilst not fully understanding the instrument or vice versa. A logical explanation would be an unknown but universal variable happening at the instrument level that has never been addressed but only ever observed.
I just love how you team up with channels which are relatively small (and that I love) and that I'd like to see grow bigger because of their incredible content :)
You lost me on entanglement part did the effect observed react the same or not with entangled particles or not also Im not exactly sure how experiment was set up?
so what happens if you put a mirror between \nfilter A and filter B\n\ni.e.\n\nfilter A 》\n\nmirror #1 (facing ^)\nmirror #2 (facing v)\n\nfilter B 《\n\nwould the light dissipate?\n\n\nWho invented the telescope, and how?
In two dimensions it's hard to represent what's going on, adding another dimension to the equation is needed for it to make sense to us.
Tottaly getting a bj work watching this .
Photons don't exist as particles until you measure them, before that they are just waves, and these effects should be explainable in terms of wave interaction, counting the number of photons going through different filters doesn't make sense, since if you don't measure them in between, they are still waves, and can produces wave-like interactions after that, but if you do measure them, then you destroy them, by collapsing the wave into an observation. I don't understand why these quantum physics videos always try to present it like there is some magic going on.
I keep thinking that not only does this have to do with entanglement but also about the superposition that's happening as well in regards to the properties that light has.
This video is briliant, and the subject probably too difficult for most people. But it's nice that it introduces REAL Physics with depth.\n\nIt's interesting that none of the textbooks I've seen in optics discuss what happens when adding a third filter, and that even with a MSc in Physics, I never knew that. Thank you for this work.\n\nedit: and who would have thought that a Youtube video would spark actually intelligent comments ?\n\nedit 2: and of course, subbing to 3Blue1Brown right now !
The logical difficulty in the entangled version of the experiment begins with the assertion that two widely separated photons can be guaranteed to behave identically. In very general terms it is hard to believe that any such guarantee is possible after the two particles have been separated at birth and have then gone through different life histories. No hidden variables could make them behave identically in every possible situation -- unless each photon somehow knew in advance exactly what was going to happen later to itself and its twin. In that case -- knowing the future -- the photons could collaborate at the beginning of the experiment and decide what they would each do when tested, in order to make their results the same.
Creating an interference pattern like the double slit experiment will cause weird effects. Polarizing filters are a lot like slits. Try that
I love this. Give me more please.
God exists. Whether you like it or not. Whatever the result of this theory of the filters, God is the answer. God made this for a reason. And if you want the answer, ask GOD!
People don't know about it because it may be boring or incomprehensible to them. Or both. I thought it was interesting though. I like quantum mechanics.
The reason why it gets lighter is  because your actually seeing light that is getting through
I wonder if there's a quantum eraser effect going on
Maybe there's a cheap way to make a room-temperature qubit out of polarized lenses...
Quantum macanics are the o ly thing i dont understand
but there has to be a rule the universe follows cause the light wouldnt be exactly the same everytime you add a third lens it would be random so there is a varieble in the works
Ah so basically scientist don't know what the fuck is going on besides that somehow a third filter negates the predisposed laws the other two filters instilled, you literally spent 17 minutes saying, and repeating that... Why?
hmmmm.. spooky action on the other side of the polar filter.  Sorry Einstein I gotta go with the realism idea.  Time doesnt exist for photons.  Whats the big deal that they can say sup to each other, give high fives and change their polarization and stuff?  But, thinking about time not existing is a little cray cray.  I wonder whether I'm cremated or buried.   I went for one of the two but I'm already one of the two, unless something else unfortunate happened that was neither of those.  I might take a pee five minuets from now but, that pee and all pees that I've ever peed have already been determined.  The free will argument has goes out the window as far as this universe is concerned.  That shiz is entangled!  I'll try not let this bum me out.  maybe I lived a great and prosperous life who knows.  The universe does tho.  This seems to be rare case where science can make and argument for the existence of  god.  I know I'm not in control of what happens but something else is.  maybe its that great spaghetti monster somewhere in the sky..   a.k.a. GOD!    Now, I'm personally not going to prescribe to any on the known religions here on earth any time soon but, it seems.. something may be in charge of whats happening here and its something bigger than us.
Um you keep looking at light as if it's passing through in an up-and-down way what if it's a spiral wave?
I don't understand why you don't take into account the variable of the filter, there is no way the filter is a perfect mathematical object. My hypothesis would be that light hits the filter from all angles and the polarising effects blocks light coming in at certain angles. After the light passes through this first filter. All light is traveling at roughly the same angle. Therefor a second 90 degree filter blocks the light at that angle. This 3rd filter in the middle in the middle changes the angle of the light because it's not a perfect object. Letting it through the second 90 degree filter. And experiment that is worth trying is with the use of a precision laser and filters.
The photons polarization gets rotated, you retard.  We do this in RF all the time to change polarity if we don't want to reorient the antenna we just use a filter. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polarization_rotator
How do we know that the answers to the three questions remains the same. Could it be that the average changes as the filter B Is added but so far as we can measure, it seems constant? Nice head scratcher!
This video was just outstanding. Love it.
This was an incredibly amazing collaboration. For a long time I’ve loved Henry’s channels for the past couple of years I’ve been a near daily watcher of 3Blue1brown. Thank you for this. \n\nI would love to see more collaborative works, if even it’s just a podcast in the vein of your dialog at the end of the video.
Maybe becuase when the light reflect off some go back into the filter and distort it? or maybe there is something about the orientation of filter A and filter c since they are 180 degree from one another, they form a high way intersection type thing. I thought of it like that and maybe there's some correlation??...
photons are 4 dimensional things.. duh.. I solved it
I stopped trying to understand this and started reading the comments instead. I feel much better now.
I think this should be experimented with point light, like a laser where there is no chance for any other source of light to interfere. This will also make light scattering and deflection easier to notice. It could also be that light is getting deflected variably and so with those two filters, it deflects in such a way that it doesn't reach our eyes at all and with the third filter introduced, it somehow manages to deflect towards our eyes. The angle can be responsible for the direction of deflection (somehow). And I don't think angle even matters. Take away those protruding sticks and simply make it round and circular, make the ring perfectly flat. Then you won't have any way of knowing which angle it occurs at. Why am I asking to remove it ? Well, because why to decide the 0° for an object which is the same 'internally' and basically is the same thing regardless of the angle you look it at from. The filter should be and is like a perfect circle. You can put the 0° mark anywhere and can change it for different filters, the only thing that should matter is that it completes a 360° which it obviously does. Then, this darkness will be visible even if the so-called angle of separation will be 0°. It is hard for me to put what I have in words because I am thinking too much but hopefully, I have given out a basic idea of I want to say.
There is nothing crazy about faster than light transfer if you have hidden dimensions that are much shorter distances.  As a physics PhD told me, we don't understand anything, really.  We heard about this in normal high-school science class...
I have a headache now...
Strange!  In 360 degree space why does light have to be polarized 90 degrees, either vertically or horizontally?  Maybe the broad spectrum light is being slowed, red shifted and distorted as it interacts with the filter?
I could be wrong, but i think all the circles should be together and what passes through the filters in what ever order should give you a more accurate number
I infer space a,nd time as percieved by man is our brains way of quantifying  the universe. If you look at matter at a subatomic level it is basically a 3 dimensional pixel built from energy realesed during the big bang. Space does not exist at a sub atomic level. All energy that makes up all matter is one. There's no more space between each particle  now than there was nano seconds after the big bang when the universe was the size of a pin head.
Add another filter. More light. Mind. Blown.
I don't even understand normal physics.... when the answer is we don't really know I get scared
Dude seriously fuck quantum physics. Every video I've ever watched on it can be summarized by none of this makes any sense, but here is what we know
This musical fusion is amazing!!!!
If you think about each filter as having a chance of realigning the photon wave direction, if the second one is trying to relight the photon to the same as the first one did it makes sense that the odds are 100% while if it tries to realign the direction to the exact opposite it would have 0% chance. And all the other degrees too, but it also makes sense that if it is like this than a slower change of the angle of the direction of the photon wave would preserve more of it, 12.5 degrees at a time rather than 25 degrees all at once, since that's a more drastic change that makes sense that the photon will have a smaller chance to survive
The considerations in this video seem to prove that the filter modifies the photon.  This is an issue for quantum entanglement... unless we interpret quantum entanglement as synchronizing a hidden random seed variable, without creating any real connection between the photons.  This possibility could be tested with a few more experiments sending entangled photons through polarizing filters in various configurations (for example: photon A passes through a filter at 0°, then photon B passes through a filter at 45°, then photon A passes through a filter at 90° - this would directly test the FTL possibility).
don't lenses polarize in a spiral, not only up and down or left and right?
This was way more than a minute.
Seems to me like the most likely possibility is that the photons are getting reoriented as they pass through, where the first one blocks some light and changes the angles of some of the rest of it.\nThe one at 90 degrees will thereafter block all of the light that's going through at those specific angles.\nBut if you put one between at a different angle, it reorients the light again, allowing it to pass through the third.\n\nOr.....\nCurious thought.
Just a dumb question....why is the speed of light even important in this? Is it real?
nice video guys, a variable could be, has anyone put a light sensor between A-B lens and B-C lenses reading the brightness between the three at various degrees, how many photons would be bouncing off each glass surface.
So light is a wave? Thought it was a particle and a wave
It didn't look brighter at all though.
Dumb man here, could the photons have a degree of change? So by adding the the layers, they  slowly turn photons, so if lined up 90 filters with a 1 degree difference and most photons through. I may not be getting my question right, because I know nothing but this had me thing about bending light through fiber optics.
So could you make a screen thats completely black, but when you wear sunglasses, you can see it?
Ever heard of Plank's Law?????? Also, its parallel. Not series. Apply Ohm's Law to the photons and remember photons DO NOT have mass.\nEnergy spiral, like a Fibonacci.\nYou also left out the velocity of the paralyzation of the lenses.
It's a harmonic. The act of perception locks the photon to a state.
I am curious as to how much of the wavelengths are bent or altered because they hit against the metal objects in the filter
This is circularly polarized light and how LCDs work
#Cicada3301 #SevensExposed\nKnow how you will have to communicate in the future of Ai!
I was studying optometry in college and when this happened with Polaroid filters for me in a lab it confused me and no one, not even the professor, to could explain why. After viewing this, I guess even the best theoretical physicists know why.
Is it possible that the reason for it being brighter is because the photons light is being reflected backwards onto the others coming through, and as a result the ones that do get through get brighter? That or it alters the direction they are going in through the reflection/refraction??
I can't find a moment in this video where 3 filters were aligned 22.5 degrees away from previous one.
It seems as though when the light passes through the filter, it orients itself in the direction of the filter.  When the light passes through A, it is oriented perpendicular to C, and thus no light passes through C.  But when you introduce B, it reorients the light so that it is no longer perpendicular to C, and thus can pass through.\n\nThis makes me think of things like procedural generation.  The more I think about it, the more quantum theory seems to indicate that the universe might actually be a computer simulation, and what's really going on is that information is being stored and compressed in such a way that some of it is lost.  For example, the universe can't remember the orientation of each individual photon, but instead uses an algorithm to probabilistically generate an orientation for each photon as it passes through the filter.  This could be why the orientation changes to match the filter, even if that same light had already passed through a filter.  Entanglement is then just a bug that causes a particle to have it's information affected by interactions with a completely different particle, like a bug in a video game that causes one monster to take damage when you attack a different monster.
Doesn't look brighter to me.
3:46 you say photon forgets this. Case closed? The photons are always 100% minus the angle of the second lense, forgetting whatever happened before.
At 10:10 they draw a moon and an earth and describe entangled photons tested simultaneously, they then go on to imply that these tests have been done and produce the same results. \nDoes someone know how I might find out more about these tests?
Cool! Maybe the next video could explain this from the de Broglie-Bohm perspective? As I understand it, the explicitly non-local nature of the theory makes realism possible, yet doesn't require or allow FTL signalling.
OMG!!!!! You can't use proof by contradiction in a nonboolean universe!!!!!!! Jesus Christ! It's like everyone has forgotten 12 dimensional Jewish Cosmology. Every photon is a fusion of a tachyon (finite or infinite in anti-entropy) and dark matter (finite or infinite in entropy). A photon has 0 entropy because the two cancel out.  Are they still teaching that the space expands? Yikes!!! Positive energy is shrinking at the same rate as the absolute speed of light is decreasing so we think space is expanding but in actuality it only appears to expand.  Sigh...
Well... That's f***end up! My entangled double just fainted. :)
the best duo
ouch my brain XD
Oh my god. WHAT?!?!
i'm a motherfucking nerd tho
Make a podcast! Please
so..... 20 minutephysics
</head explodes>
Woe! That is totally, utterly, amazing!
God did it.
MinutePhysics releases a 17 minute video - YOURE NOT FOOLING ME!
Reflection....creating a photon wave amplifier
Great watch. Thanks.
refraction?
They have a ump 9 for the symbol instead of the ump-45
hey node I know you dont really do walkthroughs but your my favourite youtubers please do a destiny 2 walkthrough if everyone is past level 3 in the campaign you can play together
paused at 1:00 this is sounding like the best video ill ever watch
They even put pubg gun sounds wow nice work
D is the new meta
omg these gun sound effects are so stupid
2:20 Perfect reference.\n\n\n\n\n\nAlways gotta switch off single fire.
No doubling up on energy drinks?
Was the Red Bull really necessary? lmao
When u cant win a game so you play real life 😂
this isnt anything like PUBG\n\nCHINA #1\n\nmy god its so lifelike
9:15\n\nthis is dangerous\nin which way?
The first person only servers look so weird.
How to troll.\nStep 1 you go on a video step two.\n\nRead more
I live like 20 minutes from this park I wish I could have came
Please do more of these!!!!
Dam how did you get the graphic settings that high? What kind of computers do you guys have
you guys should do a cops and robbers thing, kinda like ttt but like you guys sort into teams then role-play cops and robbers. maybe get like a place that is kinda like a jail or old warehouse, like where swat moves in to eliminate the enemy or something like that.
Is this fake or real 🤔
Why NOT make it a Real dropout?
Good teammate Matt. Points out loot never takes anything.
Do this more often it's so cool
D's team would've died if Leah moved up with Jet
Has D actually done military combat training?
Can we get somoar pubg airsoft? Maybe even a larger scale once In a while (meaning more players?)
This would be FUN AS FUCK
For a second there i thought D was nerfed
Great video. one tweak suggestion don't do the sound effects for shooting
About as slow and boring as watching an actual Battlegrounds match.
the best thing is that nobody can aimbot in irl
Just like real pubg, wait 10 minutes then you finally get to see some action
All of those airsoft guns are garbage
Why not VR PUBG but played it in Real life -.- (just wait for it to release) maybe
If pewdiepie watches this video:\n*sees the moment when D shot Mark and finished him before Alex could revive him*\nPewds: What a fucking N-r!
@12:29 In Duos it would have been #4 not #8/8. Nice vaulting mechanics though.
u spoiled the win of the blue team on 15:09, team rank #2
The added gun sounds are pretty lame.
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THISZSZZZSSSS
Cool
I love Sam and niko as a team. Both looking out for each other, making sure the other doesn't get hurt.
MAKE PART 2
There playing Arma 3 music in PUBG lol
CHINA #1 :)
china no.1で草
Yes finally
15:00 is so sad lmao Alex...
this is so cringy
I was going for The blue team the whole time
You could use poles with three different colours of flag on them to mark the first, second and third circle, different colour for each
He didnt crouch jump through the window. Dislike sorry
would be funnier if you guys put fake streaming vids instead of those images :)
Why am I not surprised D won?
You know what will make this video better? if they started out nothing but underwear and (bra if they are girls) and they have to find the clothes and armor.
should switch it up next time! go paint balling!
adding the in game noise for the guns made this kinda cringey
Wow this was good. That heartless kill tho at 15:00
welp somebody have to made a movie bout PUBG!!
God, is anyone else get really tired of D winning everything?
YOU FINALLY MADE THIS TYPE OF VID
12:07 those were not mississippies
Whoever set up this game for them is da real mvp!
Knew Matt's team would win lol Matt actually works for Evike Airsoft
8 Alive? Yeah try it with 200 people that won't look in your eyes with vehicles and sniper rifles
That First person only joke was actually a good one.
Use real guns and live ammo. Then I'll be impressed.
GREAT IDEA AND VERY ENTERTAINING. IT WORKED OUT WELL.
that casual walking is killing me
what happens in dua and squad\nme:sees enemy on hill\nally:keeps running forward and gets killed\n\nme:(how the heck I tell him when there no chat in game?)
The asian kid always wins
Anyone Give Me The Link Of The Page Airsoft
D was hoping someone say “chicken dinner” but he was ignored 😂
NICE :D
china number 1
That China Numbah Wan! callout XD Accurate af
Silo already did this
this is so freaking sick!
They're playing airsoft
12:08 isent he counting a littel to fast
More plz
U know its over when D pulls out the pistol
what country is this?
LMAO! Who tf plays pubg in ultra settings?
gj with the vid
Chayna numba wan
Add nades next time
This is great
D is amazing
i facking hate yuo
More of this shit! Whooooo! HAHAHAHAHA awesome stuff
WHERES THE CHICKEN DINNER
Damn guys nice video 👍👌
Oh good, they finally added vaulting.
CHINA NUMBAH WAAAN
Matt saved D
Bruh this dude Mark was C clamping a scar lmao
Dat Arma Soundtrack
Thats frikin awesome
MOAR plz MOAR
No airdrop? No pan????
4:24 Sponsored by Valve
I know some ONCES are annoyed that Tzuyu stans are completely covering the whole comment section. But, what if they just want to praise their bias or isn't even a ONCE, but just stan one member? Not to be rude or bring a fanwar or anything, but I don't want this to turn into BLACKPINK comment section where there is constantly this one popular member and all these fake BLINKS try to drag them down. As a BLINK & A NEUTRAL ONCE, I don't want that happening. If you guys are annoyed that there is a lot of Tzuyu fans, then how about you guys just make your own comments and be happy and excited for TWICE?
Don't know why, but I'm mesmorizrd by Sana's head bobbing with the beat 😂😂😂
What have happened to the onces??.... Wait are they even onces who just know to comment one word 'Tzuyu'...  I understand you guys love her but this is freaking new song's teaser of twice.... Show some excitement, show some love and support to the group.. Thrice are already trying to break this fandom... And look at the views... My God..act mature onces 😔😔😔😔😔\n#OnceFighting \nCan't wait for the song anyways... Bangtwice trash 😁😁😁
Chaetzu~!!❤❤
My Tzuyoda :-)
Mina 棒棒～
I can't .. chaeyoung!!!!! Tzuyu!!!! All of theM!!!
Jihyo done fucked up my bias list what a babe
Guys prepare at streaming!!!\nRemember:\n*Only need 1m people to watch the mv 10 times!*
i hate the hairstyle they gave to momo -_-
SANA!!!!! I LOVE YOU!!
Oh my gooooddd!!! <3 so excited!
18!!!!! I'm not ready yet!!!
Hope they will not be on hiatus too long after this and october comeback
One word fck. Can't wait to hear the whole song and say bye bye to my money again. Twice fighting! 👊🏼
H I R A I M O M O
freaking love when the beat drop
why everyone is so pretty
SANA IS SO GORGEOUS OH MY GOD I CAN'T TAKE IT
Once can we hit this to 7 million views in the first 24 hours?
Wow. Jihyo, Mina, and Tzuyu's hair didn't change SIGNAL era.
Song of the year
Are you even a Once? You only care for Tzuyu tho. A true once should say Twice is/are so gorgeous.
QUEENS ARE BACK TO SLAY!
so is this a Japanese song?
whY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT MY BABY CHAEYOUNGG AGGH💗❤️💗❤️
I've seen this around 200 times today
BTS vs Twice!! Omygod a battle between 2 giants from this generation.
MAN! the beat sounds so good... 👌
Seriously now why the fuck are all JYP's artists japanese releases always better than the korean ones? Not only TWICE but GOT7  too, like damnn how I wish this were a Korean release instead :(
バンタンとおんなじ時にteaserだすとか ほんとやめてほしい  twice ホント嫌い
この曲を期に、もっとみんなに認知してもらって好きになって欲しい
待ってました\n予約した人いいね👍\nしなくても大丈夫です
okay shit im screaming fuck
Dahyun ♥
TWICEE! Why so georgeous? <3
Tzuyu wow....
Mina 😍❤
再生数少ない😭
キタコレ
Momo 😍😍😍
MOMO black hair??
期待😍😍
göt laleleri haıfha
❤️❤️❤️
Chaeyoung 😍
Sana-yah♥ why so beautiful?
これ予約しよ。。
期待
Twice hwaiting!
here we go!
CAnt hardlyyy waittttttttt 😍😍
NAYEONIEE! MINARII
0:16
Nayeonnnnn ♡♡♡♡♡
사나 존예ㅜㅠㅠ
TWICE Sports Theme:\nBadminton - Nayeon & Jihyo\nBoxing - Dahyun & Chaeyoung, Referre is Jeongyeon\nRhythm Gymnastics - Momo (holahop), Mina (ball), Tzuyu (ribbon) \nUndefined - Sana (only dancing the beat)
한국사람모집
最近のジョンヨン好き
50枚予約した。
Momo so cute😍😍😍😍
Minaaaa♥\n可愛い(σ≧▽≦)σ
きたああああ！
Sana !!
what is this? apa ni??? hah??! comeback?? xO
楽しみすぎてはきそう
Minari and sana  are beautiful .... Twice & onces fighting
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
OMG
I gotta replay this.......ONE MORE TIME!!!!
出だしのナヨン→ジヒョのところから可愛すぎる💕\n20秒で完全にノックアウトされましたわ笑
日本オリジナル曲きたーー😆みんな可愛すぎ！当然買います！
Tzuyu my yoda!! So pretty
Tzuyu so cute♡♡♡♡
Visual queens😍😍
1 sec of tzuyu visual kill me 😊
tzuyu💗💗💗
Ofc Jihyo❤
ME MUERAAAAA
THEY'RE SO BEAUTIFUL 😭❤️ #onceph
OH MY GOSH!!! I CANT EVEN!!!
新曲出るのかな〜💕💕
모모❤😍
Ahh!~ OMG!TWICE! 😆😆😆😆🐰🐰🐰🐰😆😆🐰🐰
SANA♡ ^w^
Go Twice!!
TWICE FIGHTING 😄
楽しみすぎる💕💕💕💕
Tzuyu es bellisima \nOjala le den lineas :3
NAYEON!!!!!\nJEONGYEON!!!!!\nMOMO!!!!!\nSANA!!!!!\nJIHYO!!!!!\nMINA!!!!!\nDAHYUN!!!!!\nCHAEYOUNG!!!!!\nTZUYU!!!!!\n\nYou're all pretty!!!!
Tzuyuuuu neomuu yeoppoooo 😍😘
OHHHHH FUCKKKK. MY EVERYTHING MY LOVEEEE :)
Tzuyu!!!
早く続きを〜〜
子瑜殺傷力太強。轉身會勾人魂…害我看了幾十遍
제왑 제발 자가복제 좀 고만해라...\n미쓰에이도 섹시컨셉 잘되고 섹시만 우려먹더니 트와이스도 자꾸 비슷하게만 우려먹네.\n벌써 2년차에 앨범만 5갠데 조금은 색다른 컨셉도 보여줬으면 좋겠다.
아 한국에컴백하는건줄알고 기대했는데 일본이구만
Tzuyu cada día se pone más bonita 😍
LOOK INSTEAD OF COMPLAINING ABOUT A LOT OF COMMENTS BEING ABOUT TZUYU JUST FUCKING COMMENT ABOUT YOUR BIAS THEN! To trigger less Onces and having fanwars in out own fandom just comment who do think is not being mentioned that much ok? I love all the members and im sure a lot of Onces does too but I cant really speak for the others
Anybody who the girl is at 0:10-0:11 She's so pretty
Please do Transformers The last Knight!!!! 0.0 :D Please!
Hi CinemaSins, This is genuinely entertaining! Have you considered submitting this video to The Akademia Film Awards? I strongly suggest looking into it at: www.TheAkademia.com/film
I went to see this movie blind. Didn't even knew they made a new Alien movie till a friend told me about it, wanting to go and see it. Sure, I said and I didn't look any trailers or anything...waiting to see a continuation to original Alien quadrilogy...\nIt was one of the most disappointing movies I've seen a while... The opening was boring, the movie itself was dumb. \nThe only redeeming factor was that I had free tickets to see it.
Do everything wrong with IT
Only came to this video to request the IT miniseries in honor of the current film and Tim Curry because he was great.
Do everything wrong whit IT from 1990
These people had it coming to them,  utter incompetence.  Couldn't even be bothered to put a mask on just a little mask to protect from what would be the obvious airborne pathogen scenario.
I think there was a point where David said they were safe, and no one asked How? on what basis?. The faith stuff was underdeveloped, like it was so alien that they didn't even know how to relay it to the audience. That character was like faith, faith, dead.
The androids were strong enough to throw each other around knocking them over to where they can't get up for a few seconds but daniels gets thrown up against a wall and runs off like it's nothing.
Im already thinking of all the sins in the new IT movie.
Sin those live action Scooby Doo movies. Scooby Doo and Scooby Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed
It was so fuckin obvious that its was David! I dont see how anyone could think otherwise, HIS WOUNDS WEREN'T HEALING, the movie just taught us that Walters wounds heal.
Cinema sins you should. Do a Mulan movie
OK YOU GUYS NEED TO SIN IT!!! It's such a good movie but y'all still need to sin it😂🎈🤡
How are you little Xenomorph?\n\nXenomorph: I am pretty Groot mate!
One thing about the name thing. In the original, they were all known by one name. Ripley, Dallas, etc.
Meanwhile, I'm just waiting for a Rogue One sins video.
do Coriline. you know, that one Tim Burton movie.
why do directors pander to gays making people who don't care for a move with gays on it not want to watch the movie, causing less revenue
do you a the Mthys and lendges podcast
One sin off for David trying to talk to that alien who bit that gal's head off, only to have the Captain just shoot it.  #EatTHIS!
Someone random: How was 'Alien: Covenant'?\nMe: Oh ya know the usual copying other space movies within the first minute...
Do everything wrong with animal house
I always loved the  ending always
Continue doing Star Trek films please!
Everything Wrong With Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie
Wait, has he done a cinema sins on a fight?\nI would expect a million of them.
So why didn't the designers of the ship foresee that a power surge could hit the ship and have the equivalent of ground wires built in to reroute  it into space? You'd think they'd see that coming.
Are these guys gonna do Hot Fuzz?
we appreciate the follow-through / continuation by having a 2.0 sin counter..however we miss the font of the first one...
why you gotta make fun of every movie you cant even make a. movie you sre not a director just making fun of every movie
Really liked the movie, and this was pretty damn funny and to the point.
I'm confused on this channel， I'm new but I'm kind of disappointed about this sins thing like is it a good thing?
I don't understand what is wrong with the CGI?
Isn't Every Alien movie a series of unfortunate coincidences ? The Engineers are not smart enough to kill their own creations . Question : how many other planets have the modified ?
This needed to start off with 100 Sins.
DO EVERYTHING WRONG WITH IT (THE NEW AND OLD VERSION PLEASE!!!!)
We're meant to believe this is Walter and not David.\n\nHaha yeah, right.
He switched the android chips... that's how he did it so fast
What's the meaning of xxx guy would be great at cinemasins? Why is that a sin?
do death note 2017 next!!!
gotg vol 2 plz
Everything wrong with Citizen Kane
Sin Baseketball
Fassbender’s American accent is...awful.
Blues Brothers
#David'sMarbledMarbles
Transformers The Last Knight pleaseeee
Dude u have the creepiest fucking laugh
those are protomorphs not xenomorphs
Do Baby Driver
Do life
Bro\nNote death
First problem............it was made.
Transformers tlk is out...
Damn
Do homeward bound
Please do IT next
Do Captain Underpants. They had one scene I know you’ll hate
also please stay at the one video a week.  I think its better that way
The time line doesn't even match up at all with the predators timeline because according to them the predators have been dealing with xenomorph since the beginning of human civilation on earth. Here they were made and altered by david in 2040 something into to the xenomorph we know now. Which doesn't really add up give this movie 30 sins.
They are apparently making *six* more Alien movie.
Sad to know Ridley Scot directed this movie.
You should do the Godfather trilogy!
GOD DAM REDNEX.
Do hellboy golden army next
Maybe you should expose guardians of the galaxy 2
It's the year 2104 but we are still using GoPro hero4 ? I fucking lost it at that point
I hope you guys are able to do IT
You missed the part where she drove the nail into his chin, leading me personally to believe that would be the wound she saw later to give him away. As soon as she took the nail out of the box I said oh boy I wonder where this is going to come into play. But nope, pointless nail carried from the beginning of the movie is pointless.\n\nAnd as a bonus, if you look later when she's getting into the cryo pod, he doesn't even have a wound there. It's like they started that twist reveal and then completely abandoned it 90% through.
Do everything wrong with shrek  3 and shrek 4
Thank fuck I didn't go to the cinema to see this
There are many more!?!?!?
I dare you, EWW, to make video about one of the USSR classics.
Please do a sins video for Transformers The Last Knight
I don't even get why a sin was removed for that motherfucker bit. Sin 100 or something
Do the movie Matilda
can u do a everything wrong with childs play 2 next
Grow a pair and do a Ghibli film goddammit
What's the deal with the new movie sin counter?
Do everything wrong with IT!
A twist ending so bad, you will think that it is David, then convince yourself that it was too obvious and they are double bluffing.
Are you gonna do an everything wrong with *it*
Everything wrong with The Mummy 2017
Sin TV shows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zM--3-sJ1o CHECK THIS OUT
You should do Burlesque
Do Disney Hercules
We need everything wrong with dinotopia
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yc7juszt
Please do everything wrong with Heathers
Do it
Sin the emoji movie
Do deathnote the movie next!!!!!!
Do IT the new Stephen King movie
Everything wrong with it!
You should do Hercules!!! (The Disney one) I'm watching it right now and it would be cool to see what you would say
everytime u said ex-machina i gave u 10 narrateur sins. i really don't know wtf u mean when u reference ex-machina. it doesn't help that u say it in every video five times. pls someone sane explain this?
Everything Wrong With It \n\n\n\n\nPlease!
Are you ever goning to do Rogue One: A Star Wars Story?
Floyd Mayweather, the swimmer.
He prob gave that puppeteer alot of cash after this
I get a boner and I don't even have a penis
Get snoop or wiz on this
your birthday is the  same day as my birthday
The fuck did the drugs make me watch this time
Can I borrow 20? ......I just gave you a 100 lol
Brilliant interview with the most brilliant fighter alive.
Yea U have 70 women then you beat them
I need to get a divorce,  help me out champ. . lmao
“You have more than one account, I don’t even have one” 😂
I dislike Mayweather usually but this was funny 😂
Lmfao Jesus Floyd there's more to life than strip clubs and being very rich
Yeah he's fighting Connor in the octagon.
A brazilian acting as a mexican smh
What's your favorite sports team?\n\n\nWhatever team winning\n\n- Floyd Mayweather
No idea who Ariana GRANDE IS.....forGET about fifth HARMONY....AND NO IDEA OF A taylor swift song.....loves demi lovato and IS THAT JUSTIN BIEBER'S LAUNCHED HOE????
Lmao Who's your favorite superhero Floyd mayweather that killed me
I mean he kind off look like Donald trump...they both have eyes I think...
What's the song on the end???
THE SONG AT END !! LOL !!
You a swimmer now? 😂😂😂
Its called rapid fire not take your time
Damn Mayweather is such a cool ass mother f*****
What he lil Uzi with that FRFR 😂😂😂
9 out of 10 times I would be running late 😄
They should turn this into a TV SHOW
May Mony wethear are you kidding me...what about the rokafallar and Rothschild..
Fighting a alien on another space
we want behind the scenes!!!
Former champ and now swimmer 😂😂
2:20 floyd out here takin spelling lessons & shit... i see u
I'm not a fan anymore of mayweather the pink shirt lost me
awkward puppets i love you like my coment plz
Enjoy retirement Floyd, your the only wealthy person i don't wish evil upon. TBE TMT 50-0.
How is suppose to know those music ppl they ass
I want to meet Floyd sooooo bad!! Genius gotta love him
Hey guys am just trying to get my views up! I do edicational videos. Please watch a video help a me out. https://youtu.be/w70Lmh5oMUo
That's how u get a divorce lol
WTF I HAVE NOTIFICATIONS ON AND AND I DIDNT EVEN GET A NOTIFICATION
The song at the end is hot; where’s the whole thing?
Should do an interview with Guillermo
I didn't realise Floyd is bald, his complexion is the same all over so it's hard to tell.
4:24 Jesus Christ... Floyd, I mean, there's more to life than just strip clubs and being very rich. 😂
When diego cut floyd off about his cars he got pissed!
To fight an alien from another planet 😂
anyone notice floyd can spell 😂😂😂😀 that Bugatti must have came with Hooked on Phonics
Funnel cake funnel cake Funnel cake I got the plug on the Funnel cake wait..I am the plug on the funnel cake 😂😂😂
Someone plz tell me how to get that lit ending song
Having one is to close close to having none that's it I'm done! 😂
my name is aryana  but not spelled the same way ariana grandes
Wait your a swimmer now
Heaters are jealous of him !
I have a question. Do u know something about german Yters?\n\n( I believe my text is incorrectly  written)
You should get a divorce...
Floyd is so uncomfortable unless he's being a dick..  his jokes always fall flat when hes not saying some self absorbed bullshit
Funny interview. that's how the interview should be
Lmao You Got To Admit This Is One Of The BEST Floyd Interviews And It's With A Puppet
I laughed so hard when he joked about how rich he is... so funny...
I don't like the part he talks about women ... women are not toys wtf
Boxer and a Genius
Damn, Floyd need to recruit Diego to TMT and do more videos with him. This is the most white people I ever seen saying good shit on a video with Floyd and his Like-to-Dislike ratio lol
This guy is awesome I don't know why people hating on him.
he seems cool
*I LOVE AWKWARD PUPPETS F BENITA*
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yace4v35
Bad ass show.\nThis puppets fuckin funny.
LMAOOOO
tmt
Wow
Yay new video
Justin beaver ex girl lol
Floyd Niggerweather
Lol funniest shit i seen
Good shit
1M views 3 days
Lol
:3
Not funny.at.all.
Oh my gosh. This was absolutely hilarious! 😂
Floyd absolutly mayweather
Soooooo funny!!!
Love you Diegoooo!!!
3:55 hahahaha Floyd's answer is hilarious ahhahahahahaahh
More vids
Respect Floyd.
😂😂😂
U stupid
Diego the g
Watched it 100 times ! Floyd ❤
😂😂😂
Lmao funny stuff
His bank name long asfk! Lol!
Maywether is Show boating idiot but hes an alright guy
Mayweather is a sweetheart
YOU GET FUCKN DIVORCED!!!😭😭😭😭
This dude man, funny!
TMT TBE LEGENDARY
Great marketing
RUDYYYYYYYY
Like = good luck for a week!\nComment = good luck for a month! \nLike 1 of my videos = good luck for a year!\nSubscribe = Good luck FOREVER (your whole life)!!!!
Of course they dont ship to finland or europe
Please do a Nerf battle
make a school steotipes video
Where is your diamond play button
I want to join the Dude Perfect team! Can I?
Make Sure To Subscribe To Me To See Me Make Awesome Trickshot Videos Soon!
Awesome tricks! But what is the average times of retakes this guys had done to perfect each tricks?
Please subscribe to my channel
My name is Oliver Queen...
ao điêu qúa
Do a prank edition
Its Amazing
Do knife trick shots with Adam Celadin.
FUCK
How to become a good Hanzo main
could you guys please do a boomerang trick shot video
do rc edition on drift car
Is that a pro hanzo?
Dear tyler I need this nerf bow and arrow I am in  Sharjah U.A.E is it available here please answer
Why do they have to scream like mongs all the time?!
whats wrong with a bow
can you do soccer ball trick shot.
This was fake you can see a arrow teleport from one place yo another
One of my top 3 dreams is to meet all of you guys and be there for a filming of one of your videos. You guys rock.
The panda is the camera man just think about it who holds the camera for the outro the panda
how tf they do that?
Can you do a stress ball trick shot videp
Isn't time you guys went out and got a job???
this must be computer graphic. yes.
What kind of bottles do they use?
what the hell are the arrow tips made from?????
Is that a nerf thing in stores or dp and nerf only. I want one
any one date with me . Come to MY KIK = jiniadefoe69. I'm always there.
Guyz if u r so good...make ur country proud in olympic
lol u could see the failed attempts by them on the egg shot  on the bottem XD
LOL NICE VIDEO SUBSCRIBE TO ME!! AT Zeon 67 the top one!!
This isn't the kind of DP I'm normally subscribed too but it's almost as pleasurable.
Can I have one like for no reason
We need a collab with you and Flite Test
Why is it so over priced for the bow
For the egg scrambler ty needs to hold a pan
I always wonder how many attempts it takes them, and if they're really as hyped about it as they act when they finally get it
12790044th vieweer geeeeetttttt reeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkteeed\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\ni mean im happy for my achievement and very grateful
Dude Perfect!... I get so happy when I get a notification about a NEW video from DP!!!!😀😀😀👍👍👌👌
You guys need to do something with Flite Test
<----------- press there and sub pls I'll sub back
Plz sub to my Chanel down here
Who thinks they should do a panda reveal
Idk why everyone freaks out about dp anyone can do that they just post videos about it it's not like they do it in the first try
you should do a full basketball game
If u like Garret plz say it and like this sentence
how do they do it.
I want a nerf bow
*shoots friend with nerf gun, thinks it’s the coolest thing ever*
The swishy shwish and death from above are awesome
U guys should get danny macaskill in thatd be lit
Hey Dude Perfect you guys are awesome and nice video. me and my friend are starting a trick shot channel too, I would like to get some advice on how to start it up. Me and my friend always talk about how we can make our videos as good as yours. We just started and love u guys.
looks cool too bad its all photo shop. My 8th grade friends do the same thing
This comment will probably get Z\n                                                          E\n                                                            R\n                                                                O\n                                                                O\n                                                             O\n                                                         O \n                                                             O\n                                                                 O\n                                                                  o \n                                                                o \n                                                             o \n                                                                 o \n                                                                     .\n                                                                    .\n                                                                  .\n                                                               .\n                                                           .\n                                                        .\n                                                    .\n                                              .\n                                        .      \n                                             .\n                                                     .\n                                               .\n                                            0 \nLikes!
look at the likes
WHO IS PANDA!!???
Yes Panda!!!
i love dp
Can you please do minigolf tricks shots
This video was awesome
Dude that was perfect
حلوه الفيديو
Iove it🐩🐩🐊🐊🎮🎯🏆🏅🎖🥇🥈🥉🍔
31 thousand yeahhssssssss so far
WE NEED MORE PANDA TRICKSHOTS!
that's cool
اصحاب ثنيان موجودين
Yes, panda !!!!!!!!!!!!
MURRICA!
do lego trick shots
Орут, как идиоты
SO AMAZING!!
WOW! 22 000 000 subscribers!\nActually, 22 000 001 subscribers now I subscribed.
They are amazing
Fishing trick shots?
Jake pual thinks hes so good but dude perfect stumps him lol like if agree
U
Wow
<3 <3 nice!!!
dude perfect rocks yes
Yes Panda
Billiards bomber trick on 9/11  😉
it is OMG
Yes,panda!!!
Shoots arrow threw his buddy's ass yeeeeeeeeeeahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
This is so awesome!!!!!!!!
drone trick shots
Spanish
*RYU GA WAGA TEKI WO KARAU!!!*
Do lots more videos
Is that real
noah age 9
When I cum I shit myself
I SUBSCRUBED!!!
Thanks for watching today :) This had my heart pounding. Please share today with some friends and family.
Roman do u know instagram account @romanatwood3425 ???💛💛💛
14 07
Ayyy
I heard Cora say daddy
Like the vid 😀😀😀😀☺😁😀
👋
Subscribe to my channel spacewacky plz
Hey sup
Countries  breathing though
I love you
When roman misses leg day
You should do tie dye hats @romanatwood @smilemore
Cora is so adorable roman. Blessings to her and the whole family 😊 so happy for you man😊🙏
This one time at band camp
I had a smile more lanured but my principal took it up
Been watching the vlogs for about 1 yr... Love the atwood family and friends
PARANNAHS LIVE IN THE AMAZON
My Brother was attacked by a staffy Crosed with pitbull
bravewilderness has been atacked by a k9
*HEAVY BREATHING FROM COUNTRY HOLDING THE CAMERA*
Roman can u go to pranks again da pranks r funny
Cora is literally the cutest baby ever!!
brit has this glow about her and her hair looks amazing!!
Flash is one of a kind never seen a dog act as odd and amazing as this one
Omg please get the teal blue and mint hat colors!!
why is country breathing so hard?????
my dad is a firefighter 🔥🔥🔥🔥🚒🚒🚒
Subscribe to me and I will do same peace ✌
never Tickle a baby they can get heart attack
I love the wight hat on roman
Baby Girl is so cute
Roman Please Starting looking into getting visors.
cora is so cute!
I swear, Brit is so similar to this one girl in my school. It's so strange.
please come out with those hats i love those also my brothers elementary school is getting lanyards from you there school is ocean view you are my role model
Country has a 🔥 hat
I love those hats. Not a huge fan of the trucker style
That one time.. at band camp.. who else caught it? 😂😂
U should make socks
Am looking for the goodies on amozan
dont use camera flash for the baby..not good
😍😭my son just turned one today and watching this brings back memories god bless you all!!!!
Keep up the awesome work Roman, love your vlogs!! Smile More!! :)
Why was country breathing so hard?
Does flash even knowes they have a baby girl 😂😂😂
Country looks like Reck it Ralph.
those titanium teeth cost about 60,000 dollars
There was a kidnapping In r school today he woke up though and we dyde in style and I got stains all over my hands :)
WHERE IS THE BEARD FLIP
Hoy are crazy
that was cool
Coras eyes are soooooo beautiful.  😭😭😩😩❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥
Wow brits already skinny again
Find the difference      😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😡😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
Omg Kora is soooo cute adorable I wish I can meet her
1st
You are great
Subscribe to me and I'll subscribe back
I remember some of my kittens before they got nurtured, tried to make babies...they were siblings.
I always thought K9 was just the generic term for a dog but according to the Oxford English Dictionary it refers to a military of police dog! (& I live in Oxford in the UK so we'll go with that)
can't believe you didn't vlog that
XD ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP I STUCK A FLUTE
You should get a new pinball machine. My two favorites are Jurassic Park and The Adam's Family. If you got one of those I'd be so jealous.
Roman u should tern the pool into a foam pit. Like if u agree.
I just had ear surgery i hated it reply and like if you have ever had ear surgery i had to have tubs
I love your vlogs and stay positive smilr more
i know what his film crew is doing making a move
i was thinking about when cora will grow up and at that age when she will know that noah is not her real brother but from another mother then how she would react to it .....can anyone feel that .....
You should get together with Aaron Rodgers
With the green hats you should make them a darker green
He look like a father
They had your games at my school dude name pedo
White hat is so dope🔥 i want one😍
You can here Country breathing 😂😂
omg every dang time!!! im never going to be able to get my girlfriend one of those sweaters!!
Love those hats specially the white onr
SUB=WIN THE LOTTERY!!\n \nLIKE=MEET ROMAN!!\n\nScroll=bad luck for a year
Please tell me I am not the only one who noticed that one of the guys with Roman's production has on an Always Keep Fighting shirt from Supernatural's Jared Padalecki...😻
i dont know why but i did'nt get this vlog on my subscription box but i got yesterdays vlog
They should just use labs to lick people into submission and then knock them unconscious with their wagging tail
I love the video
That jacket make you look like you skipped leg day
CORA! is cute.And it sounded like she said antie
What's up with the ring on brits finger? Can someone please explain this to me 😹
As will smith said the best things in life are on the other side of terror 🔥🔥
can i please have a tie die hoddie,thanks
😍 how cute Noah having a cuddle with his Baby Sister 🤗 Cora looked so content 😍💕💕💕💕
Damn Country is a heavy breather
Doing it for the views :D
'It's like putting on a couch'😂😂😂😂
Please it would be my wish to get 100 subscribers
I hope cora could say smile more that would be soo cute
You need to start wearing that white hat
When are we gonna see the Beard Flip??
My dad raised Razor's Edge Pitbulls. If you faced any of them Roman, you'd probably die. No offense, but the dogs were trained to where you could take them out anywhere and be fine, but if you were in danger, my dad could say grrr and the dog would growl at whoever my dad pointed at, then he could say push' em girl, and the dog would push the person back, still growling, and then he could say crush 'em girl and the dog would grab a limb and crush that limb.
it is def the scene from a christmas story lol
Roman how do you feel about an urchin trending at 7
You should make baby merch for Cora
Omg, Cora's getting so big already!!!! It's so amazing watching a baby grow, and it's even more amazing that we all get to watch her journey with you and your family!!!!
What did I just watch....?
this is actually a great idea for the gap especially since the gap was always supposed to represent the bridging of two generations. that's why they sell seemingly regular clothing that elders wear but often have a young flare to them
so cringe, #neverbuyingfromgap
She sounds like a dude
Cher make another CD plssss
Qué bonita Cher
someone send kathy griffin into chers attic to see if there is some dorian grey-esque painting up in there.
Future...you don't have auto tune naturally coming out your voice box bro.
Do you believe in lean after love 🎤😭
DISCOMBOBULATING
future meet future (..she will never die)
What a great out-of-the-box pairing. Love this commercial.
WHO ELSE GOT THIS ON LOOP
No joke this bout to be a fucking challege....everybody remember the barney theme song and the little einsteins. I just can't. Shooketh.
Cher kinda thick
LEGENDS
Cher went off!
WTF💀
THIS IS SO GOOD WTF..... and no i'm not trolling.... i LOVE good music
Cher plz record this song!!!!
Where is the long form version of the song.
Love both of them.
I LOVE THIS...CHER IS SUCH A COOL BEAN...AWESOME💋❤
aaaahhhhh too much autotune.....it hurts my ears!!
Zaytoven 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Awesome
I was here.
Lmao wtf is this though
love it.
They look way too good for this Gap commercial. But I love Cher and Future
Who allowed this?
God please see it I never see but most importantly never to hear that noise ever again. Start to finish all wrong and why you thought you wanna pan in closer to a 70+ is beyond forgivable.
CHER IS SO AMAZING. 71 😍 and 🔥
YOUNG PEOPLE NEEDS MORE CHER 😇 THANKS GAP
This really is cringe worthy. Future sounds extra robotic singing next to Cher 😨 It just does not sound right!!
Sweat shop manufacturing trying to clean up its image with a woman that's got more stitches than a pair of jeans. Oh, this world is so predictable. Sell out celebs
Yikes. That did not work. Like, at all.
Dunno whats more fake, chers face or futures voice...
Reaction video uploading !
I hate this.
my ears are shitting blood
LMAO WTF IS THIS
Cringe af
bad
ummmm......why does this sound like siri and cortana had a duet
Yes, that is Cher's🍑in the beginning. I loved this. Cher and Future!!🙌👏
I really wish this beat had an instrumental.
Wow!😐 but I ❤ it
A recap for context: I caught this as a Spotify commercial, and it was so disruptive I put on my todo list find the Gap on YouTube to tell them to stop it.\nPlease, never do this again.\nPlease...
Hey the King and Queen of Auto-Tune lol....
OG auto-tune with new school auto-tune. love it
Zaytoven, I see you, bruh!
For a little french like me ... very ivonic, supernatural. A : this is america video ^^
This is such a weird combination but I absolutely love it. Thank you, Gap!
Cher's face doesn't move from all the plastic surgery. What an ugly freak.
Still looking for talent in this video
the hell is this
they would make a fire tune
Zaytoven
O my Cher
I love this!
YESSS. BANG BANG!!! LOVE THE DUET.
Iconic or ironic two pop legends
By the way Paula Deen Baby You have me hooked on Evine my kitchen is all you SWEETIE THANKS FOR THE GREAT Cooking ITEMS. LOVE YOU TOO 😉😘💞 Brian
WHO OK'D THIS?
I'm here for this song tho ❤
the 90's called they want their commercial back
Drop the full thing
I love it!!! I give it a 4.8/5\nShould've been @ least 60 seconds
LMAO THIS WAS A AD AND I WAS LIKE WTF THATS CHERS VOICE WITH A RAP BEAT
Can you make this into a full some or have them do a collaboration!! I love this!!
This is f'king stupid
future didnt seem like her had much to do
This was definitely produced by Zaytoven
Who saw this as an ad but searched for it to cringe again
Love the resonance in her voice.
Cher meet the future? But she is still looking like in the 90s 😍, Fucking love u Goddess ❤️
The end was fye
That company be putting a GAP in my wallet!
u know future had to get that boi zay on the keys 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Classic meets Current.  And Classic IS current!  Cher forever.  Love Future, too.
Amazing!!!! She looks amazing and  is a major player in music history. But with this ad, she is ensuring her stamp on pop culture remains in people's radar today and in the future.
Most people complaining are\nWhites because A black guy like future is featured with Cher\n\nHad this been A light Skin white friendly like drake with Cher \nThis video would have no complaints
Come home from school to see this and all I get is a smack from my mother :O
This is so fucking cringey.
...was he trying to say meet me in the gap at the end of just having a small stroke?
Too much trap and auto-tune. 😒
What the hell is this trash?! I find this to be a very strong disrespect to Sly and the Family Stone, to good music as a whole, and to humanity! Nobody asked for this mess smh.\n\nIf you think you wanna improve on a classic, this is just not the way. \n\n#Trash #Disgusted #Insulted
this fuckin sucks
Too much auto tune
Too much autotune in 30 secs
I've been reading a lot about how this song is ... insert negative comments about Future, Cher's looks, the use of the song. You get my drift.\n\nI am very much behind the intent of this campaign and I enjoy its imperfections. It's about everyday people. Look beyond the capitalism and think - with all the ugly in the world. It's nice to see old and new come together and just be people.\n\nFor those who would criticize the use of a Sly and the Family Stone song. When are y'all going to understand how public domain is supposed to work? Wow thanks Walt Disney, the world doesn't understand how we as a community, a culture, as people evolve.
Is Cher a man??
Quavo reminds me of the guy in the group project who doesn't do anything, but gets credit for the final mark lmao
It's moments like this that confirms the theory that we're all dead but actually stuck into an alternate dimension.
Honestly one of the best ads I've seen in a while
Guys please if everyone donates something we can get him off the street. I dont have much myself and know how its like. go to his go fund me\n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/helpanthonyoffthestreet
Reminds of a typical scene from The Get Down
Horrible! Who is that dumb guy that tried to sing? Lol
I came here to dislike the video.\nHave a nice day.
is this to a mario party with stars and playboard and a story?
Okay but is the board game going to be garbage again like in 9 and 10?
Why is this not a Switch title?
Needs to be for switch
Now all we need is for this to be on the switch
Please bring this to the switch
There's a switch for a reason
this is gonna be an actual mario party game right? not just a minigame collection?
I wish Mario Party DS mini games were included
put it on switch you bafoons
Mario party 11...? by Hudson soft?
minecraft, mario top 100, now I need a sports basketball game on 3ds than im set on 3ds
Nostalgia It's Over 9000!
I'm surprised that this game looks good but I'm also suprised that they didn't have time to make MARIO PARTY 11
My god, the beat goes on minigame is in there.
Can this game please have fan favorite boards aswell it would be probably the best mario party \n\n\nAlso make it available both on switch and 3ds and make it so they could play together and to add online
Mario Party 1-3 are the goats
Nintendo, I really love this idea, but I have one question. Why put this on a game console that's on its way out than put it on your newest one? Besides, the controllers could make for a lot of fun ways to play. I'm not criticising the idea, but you really should have (Or should, if you are) put this on the Switch. It needs a game like this. I think that people will really enjoy it better there.
The official Nintendo website says that it will also feature boards. So that's good but.... I WANT AN ONLINE MARIO PARTY ALREADY
Make one Mario Party for Nintendo Switch
Swear to god if Day at the Races doesn't appear in this game...
Nintendo should add the original look of the characters like the 64 Mario Parties
1.- The same graphics from Star Rush\n2.- Finally they removed Island Tour\n3.- No boards\n4.- The cost will probably cost around 40 or 20 for sure..\n5.- Only Minigames
I don't get it, why launch a party game on a handheld that is also at the end of it's lifecycle. This should have been a Switch game.
Did they really just bring back the worst mario party 9 minigame ever to exist
I like the collection of marip party 5 mini games. The best mario party!
I would be interested if there were any boards you know the things that things that gave  the minigames purpose but nope just updated looks with nothing beside it i mean clearly minigames can't hold thier own game  remember the new super Mario bros for the og Nintendo ds
Really sad this isn't on the Switch.
No online? What's even the point of buying it?
How can they have 100 of the best minigames and it not just be Paddle Battle 100 times?
The only Mario Party I truly adored was 8 without a doubt.
im so excited i love these mini games and boards have been announced!!!
I'm surprised that they didn't just replace Daisy with Rosalina
Oh my god THAT FLAG GAME AND CHAIN CHOMP WASH ARE BACK FROM MARIO PARTY 8. Let's pray that shake it up returns too
I just realized that there probably won't be any minigames fro Mario party ds, which saddens me  considering I played that one alot when I was younger
so, the switch= 2joycons with hd rumble= the perfect console for mario party...\n\nand we get another mario party for 3ds.\n\ngg.
Yet another Mario Party game on the 3DS? Sure, give fans something they don't ask for, and probably won't want- check out sales of Mario Party on handhelds, even Wii U's Mario Party had higher sales!! Come on, move on from the 3DS already, quit giving it these pathetic games, they're remakes/ports, or this crap!!
Mario party 4 is my favourite so its nice to see that being represented a lot.
this could be Mario Party 11?
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE ON THE 3DS?!?
So, is this the final Mario Party?
why wont you make this for the switch
Okay, but what's the plot? What's Bowser up to this time?!?
great idea to catch the mini games of Mario old party Nintendo improving with each passing day. Congratulations!
make it for the Switchhhhh
Quero uma versão HD para o Switch :(
this is very good!!! it just need ONLINE MULTIPLAYER!!  it is like Nintendo makes one step forward and then two backwards
will it have online?
Why is this not on the Switch‽
so...you cant even do the party part????
This game would it be perfect if it have online multiplayer.
Is there any DS ones?
Why does Waluigi run like that :(
Oh god, this is awesome!\n\nPlus, Track and Yield was my FAVORITE Minigame in MP7
*PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,NINTENDO. WHEN YOU MAKE THE NEXT MAIN MARIO PARTY KILL THE GODDAMN CAR*
Only thing I noticed was there seem to be a few mini games no-one likes in it. Like completely luck based games. Who exactly is deciding which the best 100 games are?
Seems pretty cool! It's nice seeing these old games back :)
I'm so excited for this game.
ラインナップ見てると半分は思いっきりやってた奴やから感動する
Nice
This better have hexagon heat
Who else misses 8 player mini games?
Omg Wii games! Nostalgia overload
WHAAAAAAAHAAAAAAT?!?!
Badass✊️✊️✊️
ONLINE PLAY NINTENDO ONLINE PLAY
i know its of topic but who are the characters is it like everyone thats ever been in mario party?
Why the 3DS?! I want to play this with friends and family on the TV!
Time for luigi to win by doing absolutely nothing again.
For those of you who keep telling them to release 3ds games on the switch, they make games and release them several years beforehand in Japan.
wish Story mode will come back like in mario party ds...😞
_MY BODY IS READY_
So I guess they removed toad ;-;
Should be on switch
You were so close but also quite far. Ok first off wrong system. Put this on the switch and if you're nice enough the Wii u as well. Then secondly put some classic maps in. Like you can literally make a fantastic game fans would eagerly buy for like 60 bucks off of completely recycled material and you don't even have to put an effort in for the graphics I don't care. Man if there were any actual fans of Nintendo games working at Nintendo they'd be making like twice as much money annually.
i need new mario strikers with smash bros characters :C
What they should also  do is pick 6 or 7 fan favorite classic boards maps and add them in the game but nope
It's completely baffling that this is for 3DS and not Switch.  Mario Party has always been a console-focused series, and this is one of the only times in recent memory that people have been excited for a new Mario Party title.  This actually could have been a decent system seller if it was on the right platform.
Make a mario party to switch! :or
Finally. Every Mario Party In One Game.
Mario Party 4 and 7 are my favorite games in the series.
They should do this for the switch, with 100 EXTRA mini games! Also, why can't they let the fans vote so we don't get crap games like the beat goes on and strawberry shortfuse
Great concept, but for crying out loud, Mario Party isn't nearly as effective as a handheld game! It needs a group of friends sitting around a T.V. for proper enjoyment. So why the heck is this on 3DS and not Switch...? I have not a single clue.
Is this a mini game collection
NO ONLINE?
more..friendships..will be ..ruined
Sooo glad this is happening :D
PLEASE IF YOU'RE STILL SELLING 3DS NINTENDO I NEED A MARIO PARTY THE TOP 100
0:09 Revenge from Super Mario 64!
Nice :)
Very good
0/100 no Kartastrophe…
Kommt kein Mario Party für die Switch?😔
Let's summarize the whole comments section so far:\nI want this!\nNOSTALGIA, OM MY!\n\nWasted potential...\nWHERE ARE MY BOARDS!!??? (There ARE boards.)\nWE NEED ONLINE!\nIT'S NOT ON THE SWITCH!?!?\nHudson Soft made the best Mario Party games.\nPlease no cars, thx.\nThis better not be full price.\n\nTell me if I missed something.\n\nWhat can I say... I think people shouldn't get so hysterical over a game that has yet to be released. We don't know all informations at this point.\nI for myself am excited to see how this turns out and I'm gonna buy it.
For the first time ever, they are showing Mario fail at everything he is in lol
0:29 WTF BOOM!
No online play. LOL! NO!!!!!!
luigi loses by moving :(
Please make Platform Peril, dear Nintendo
A good Mario Party? \n*HYPE!!*
that ring on her right finger is new.hahha
Raise your hand if you love yourself a good ol' burnt marshmallow🙋🏼😂 This looks Soo tasty🤤🤤
Aw! I wish I could come. Hope everyone has a fun and delicious time.
I wish I could make it! You should do a recipe challenge where the winner gets to fly to England and spend a day in your shop!
Simply delicious!! Italian meringue is my favourite type of meringue :D
Hi Jemma! Mentioning macarons, I've been waiting for your macarons for veeeery long period of time. I hope there comes a day when I see you baking this deliciousness for us. I'd be thrilled. 🤘🏼 Greetings from Czechia 😉
❤️❤️❤️
Can you make samoas?!
Yum......yum.....yumi ! <★>
My birthday is on the 17th September I really hope to go to your shop
I went to your shop in London on Tuesday:-) you were not there, but the cakes and coffee was delicious 😋. The girl working there with Red Hair was so nice.  X love from Ireland Gemma
Iove your Arabian jacket 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍☺️😍😍😍😍😍☺️
Jemma , u r the best....
PLEASE DO MACARONS!!!!! 😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
Thank you 😊
Smores alaska sounds great! Or Browntzel Alaska!
Why is there no toasted marshmallow perfume....
This is genius!!
That Cupcake Jemma apron behind you is so pretty!
Yummmmehhhhhh ahhahahahaha
Pretzel base?! Omg 😍😍😍 genius.
😍😊😋they look absolutely   delicious! 👏👌❤️
Omg ur amazing!! Loveee the recipe
early yassssssssssssssssss   ily jemma
Super creative 😍
Helloooooooo😊
Mousse cake please jemma
Yummm! Perfect! 💟
crumbly bottom haha
Can you pease make a macaron recipe? XD
Can we see your vegan vanilla cupcake!:)
앞머리봐~ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 머리동그랗고 귀엽다 스다듬고싶네ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ외모는 뷰티여자들보다 반은못미치네
In July I visited your shop and it was honestly such a highlight of my trip overseas. I bought your book and I have been baking from it since I got back 😊 my pick at the moment is the  cardamom, lime and pistachio cake! Can't wait till I get to visit your shop again ...love from Australia 🐨🐨
i think the mixer broke
I’d love to come, but I’ve got school 😕\n\nI’ll definitely be attempting to make these at some point!!
It's nice to see she can afford some decent clothes at last.
when will you be making macarons?
You mentioned not having access to graham crackers, why is that? Do they not have them where you are? I'm from the U.S.
Searching for a flight to London....from Alaska for Baked Alaska .  Now, how to explain my work absence 😉
Jemma, you absolutely need to have your own book where all your amazingly genius recipes can be recorded and shared with everyone!
Cannot hear mention of a baked alaska without thinking of that one GBBO episode ...
I'll just swim across the canal than, kisses from Belgium
I live in germany so I dont think I can come ;) still... someday Ill definetly will fly to London and eat one of your cakes or cupcakes. Stupid as it may sound, its one of my goals for the next years :)
How many portions does this recipy make?
So wish I lived closer. These look so good 😊
HA! So funny! I am in London on this date. Maybe i come and try this. It looks so yummy!
mmm do you think you can send me one to mexico?? hahahaha
another amazing recipe!! 😍😍 thanks for sharing this with us Jemma. ☺
If u haven't allready could u make a carrot cake recipe pls ??!!!😊😊❤️
Doesn't anyone think that Jemma should have merch?! Not like Clothing and popsockets, like Baking Equipment!! Like If You Agree! if This Gets Over 300 likes hopefully she'll DO ITT!!!❤️❤️PS: Those S'mores Look FAB😘
Alright which one of you British millionaires can fly me out so I can try one of these s'mores?
Jemma please show us how to make macaroons.
i can feel my blood thickening already from just watching... gimmegimmegimme
What tins is she using? So beautiful?
I would love to come but i live in Malaysia 😭😭😭to whoever that able to meet Jemma this Monday,please send my regards to her😞
Can any kind soul advise on the longevity of the Italian Meringues? Like, how long can it be left in the open/airtight container? I've read somewhere that advised against chilling it as it adds moisture. Thanks in advance!
has anyone else noticed shes wearing a ring on her ring finger could she be engaged
THE SHOP WAS AMAAAZZIINNGGG!I came in the summer and i was really hoping to see Jemma but anyway I had a chocolate raspberry cupcake and it tastes wonderful! was very tempted to get a lot of cupcakes but oh well. Also got a signed cookbook from Jemma!!!(i'm so happy) Lots of love all the way from Hong Kong.
Where's the japanese cheesecake recipe? :(
Jemma. I am making a cake for my guy mates 21st can you do a tutorial for something along these lines
Been waiting for new video these past days and this is endangering my diet week 😅
How to basic is better lol is my sis subscribe to you
Oh my gosh. I wish I lived somewhere near your area 😭 I'd love to meet you and have a bite of that Alaskan heaven!
i genuinely cannot understand how you cooked the brownies instead of just eating the batter
This looks absolutely divine!! Why can't there be a CDS in Connecticut! :(  how delicious is this! Im craving it so much lol
Burnt marshmallows are the best smell ever.
If only I wasn't living on the other side of the world in a totally different hemisphere. Oh wells. Hope you come down to this side of the world soon!!!
Wish you make your square cake one Thursday xx
The one week I leave london this whole summer... Guess we're cutting this trip short.
Hi Jemma. Can you store those in the freezer for a couple hours before serving or does the meringue crumble/fall together in the cold?
I enjoyed your background music today.
Can you do a French or Italian macarons recepie
Wish I could come on Monday, don't even live that far but it's GCSE year and I've got tuition so I can't make it 😭😭😭
This looks like the ultimate dessert ever! I really hope to finish work and the pick ups easily so we can come by your shop and have a S'mores Alaska! Have fun!!!
I'LL BE THERE!!!!!
love that top on you and great recipe! : )
I couldn't help but notice the apron behind, just casually hanging, it looks supercool  😍\nAnd I'm definitely going to try these, hope you'll give us that ice cream recipe someday aswell 😊
These look soooo tasty! Thank you for sharing! What vanilla extract do you use?? It looks amazing!
Too bad I live in Nova Scotia, 'cause I'd be there to eat one of those delicious looking creations if I could! Yummy! Guess I'll just have to make it myself
Hey jemma i was in your shop yesterday but you weren't there and i had a salted caramel cupcake and it was amazing!!!💖💖 i do wish you were there though😯
Can I ever get bored with watching you Gemma? Even the little things you do are lovely. Keep it up 😊
Wish I could come on the 18th!!! Love this recipe. Looks delicious! Love from New Zealand, Jade
I will be there!!
Ok now I hope I won't work on Monday
cant make it im afraid, its my wedding anniversary so celebrating with hubby but I wish you masses of luck in your new venture x
aww gutted i live in nortwest england, cant get down to london. would sooooooo love to visit your shop. xxx
Oh my 😍 another one I will have to have a try at making, thanks Jemma😊
I'm still waiting for the snikers brownie recipe 😣😣😣😭😭😭\nThis smores Alaska looks so delicious, I'm gonna have to make myself cuz there's no change I could travel to the shop in London ( I'm from Nicaragua)😭😭😭😭😭
Solo saddd I wish I could come but I live in South Africa and I am writing exams whyyyyyy whyyyyyy!!!
This is the most gorgeous dessert I’ve seen in my entire life!!!!!
*cries because the 18th is the day after I go back down to uni D':  xxx
Ohhhhh yummm. I don't think those would make it to the table. I wish I lived there 😣
Such a bummer that I live in the netherlands😕 would have loved to come ❤️❤️
So happy you have uploaded I found your channel a month ago and subscribed straight away ! Every day I rewatch your videos and I'm so happy I get to hear you amazing voice again today! ❤️❤️❤️love you Jemma xxx
Jemma I love yo so much! but i am not from england..😓😧i wish i can come❤❤❤❤
I'm so jealous that I can't get one, they look amazing. Wish you could send them to us in the United States.
But how do I make more than two of these? The icecream would melt by time I got to the 3rd and had it all served.
Your jacket is making me cringe hard
Noooooooo...I live in Canada....dam...😩
I love love love your channel!!! I just wanted to know what brand stand mixer do you use in your videos?
I'd rather jump off the building than take this long ass lift ride
I was honestly convinced that this song's chorus was _a smell of recognition / the face you barely loved_ for almost two decades.\nAnd only this year I found out that I had misheard the lyrics *the entire fucking time...*
Is this a new release? I'm sure i've heard it before.
that little girl was a cunt
Am I wrong for feeling the message is lactose intolerance in an elevator cause cheese farts can get REAL
I don't know how I've been living without this song
Anyone else noticed all the fake plasic trees? ;)
i´m crying EPIC!      T H E   B E S T    B A N D   E V E R!
Radiohead is the best
The only question I have is..\nWhat was in the bag?
What happen with bald people????
Theory:He has a lot of Lp10 copies on those bags (obviusly includes th glming RMX and  Pop Is Dead/Lp10)
This is exactly like the original, but the original was perfect, so I can't really say that's  a bad thing.
fuck me in the ass with a chainsaw\nIt's time.
If I got in an elevator with Thom Yorke, I would abandon anything I had to do, even something so important as drinking out of a fishbowl.
Does Radiohead even need to at this point to record new music. They have so many songs that it's really unbelieveable.
You're a fuck'n genius Tom
Hurricane Irma hits. Power goes out. No power and no internet for days. Power comes back. Go to youtube.\n\n\n\n\nRadiohead video on old song. Best day ever.
I met Thom once miserable is not the word!
OMG I used to listen to this song like 20 years ago with Napster... I LOVED RADIOHEAD ALL MY LIFE :''')
Song is about the positive consequences of farting in a crowded elevator.
J'adore, comme toujours//As always, we can't compare them to any bands <3
this has been my favorite radiohead song for years and years and to see the notification for this on my roughest day in my first year of university yet really helped. thank you, radiohead.
Whats with all this spam on here?
Love how the digital readout went from 02, 01, 0K, 01...
i had listen two time,every time i cry,is a beautiful song,fantastic band,the 2017 will be a great year for the music
2:59 plot twist: Those are the dancers in the video for street spirit\n\n\n\n\n_double_ plot twist: the kid in the lift is the same kid from high and dry
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=74572
essa música é a triste
Dont get this video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4&feature=youtu.be
i wanna kill myself
genial
I feel listening the bends b sides...
Nice recommendation Youtube
I love it!
Fuck that elevator
https://open.spotify.com/track/1P7aFiijx28s0NPZUVOaUj?si=Y9eYUC7g
Music good.\nManbun bad.
Amazing song ever
Hey, fuck Israel
Wait no Thom Yorke no
zionist little shits
So Good...
Nice elavator music
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y6vtkmy2
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y94vewc9
te amo Tom Yorke...no sabes cuanto influencias en mi vida...
what kind of fashion is Thom wearing of? I kinda like it
I love how the second verse was a reference to Pinocchio's dad when he was searching Pinocchio but got stuck in the belly of the whale at the bottom of the ocean.
Should've took the stairs
I don't know guys if you think the same but i think that Thom wrote this song and said...lets wait another 20 years so i can feel what the song is about and now he thinks that is time to come home but at the end of the video, theres no home, only himself, the life how he knew it is gone, Rachel is gone, their sons will be gone someday and there will be no home only himself and the the biggest band in the history.
the broken man from Fake Plastic Trees 1:02 . And the old lady was one of his costumers (?)
I'm in 1997 rn
Can you guys tell me your top 5 favorite Radiohead songs :D ? Would love to know !
That big black nigger, really scared me for that small white cracker
it is like a game of lift https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hatedonate.lift&hl=ru
That's one big ass lift min.
Only way off the lift is to sit down safely, fully accept that we're in it, and in the belly, and in the ocean and... \nWe go home when we stop waiting for the next floor, or for them to reach us , or for our pockets to empty
6 in your only one....\n\n🤗
I don't trust people who don't like Radiohead.
Digging the return to Pablo and Ok years.
I feel like the whole video has hints to Fake Plastic Trees-
wouldnt he be going up floors, if hes come in with the groceries...?
1:06 the briefcase carried by poor guy is that from High and Dry?
The more I watch... the less I understand.
What a beautiful human...ill write this here knowing he'll never read it...oh introverts so creative. We should just relax a little...I love you Elvis my friend. Miss you so.
Finaly the world has this work of genius.
always had a beautiful video
I wasn't sure about this song then I kept listening and I love this song it's so amazing.
Between the 2nd and 1st floor, the level display shows ok
IDEA STOLEN! SHAME ON YOU RADIOHEAD! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfnKsyxE6q8
I think it's official at this point that these men can do no wrong
thom just take the bloody stairs
Ok, what does he carry in these bags?
So his life/lift screwed up by an adolescent girl. Every man ever been adolescent boy.
Imsouth korean and radiohead is best musician in time of my life
my right ear is a bit jealous...
That's that mid 90's Radiohead sound I will always love. Feeling very nostalgic. Great song.
https://youtu.be/CIUglwS877o
;)
simplicity is key
Holy crap !
LOL @2:40
buguei
2:53 PRANOID ANDROID DUDE!!!
I remember Police Squad!
That Jacket is pretty dope.
looks like - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4
postmodernism is so fucking boring
16th floor, fake plastic trees?
Hi, from Hong Kong
not really impressed
Pure art
That top knot is convincing anyone, bald cunt.
AWESOME!
Thom Yorke looks homeless.
1:59 -Thom: Phil, This is the place, Remember me?.\n         -Phil: (He just ignores him and goes)\n         -Thom: Clive is better than you 😡
They really should have re-recorded this song. It sounds too much like a half-hearted demo. Especially that poorly-recorded snare drum. I can see why they chose not to release it for so long. Great tune. But horrible recording
Radiohead back to their fucking roots. None of that bs after half of ok computer.  .....lol. disagree all you want but I'm right and you're wrong :D
Jim Carrey is so over their heads it's too funny yet hey Jim if you can't stand the social programming matrix construct you are awakened to~~~~ why fucking bother showing up to such an event? \n1. Jim gets paid big bucks to do it hence yes he is aware but shows up to social media events to play the new age looney tune to many (HENCE CORPORATE MEDIA TALKS ABOUT) AND THE FEW IN THE KNOW OF THE CHESS GAME MATRIX LAUGH THEIR ASS OFF YET GAINS FEW TO DELVE DEEPER IN WHAT HE'S ACTUALLY SAYING.\n2. Jim Carrey Actually tries within his field to wake others up & uses Corporate Media in Earnest! HMMM......?\n3. Take Jim Carrey with a Grain of Salt in Holly Weird~ IF HE TRULY HAS DISCERNMENT WANTING TO PIERCE THE MATRIX VEIL HE WOULD HAVE LEFT HOLLY WEIRD ALONG TIME AGO~ HENCE A PUPPET PROPAGANDA SIDE SHOW TO DISCREDIT THOSE WHO ARE IN THE KNOW OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMMING! HE LIKES HIS $$$$ LIFE STYLE TOO MUCH TO GIVE UP TO BE A COMMON HUMAN BEING W/ GRACE & DISCERNING VULNERABILITY....OF SELF LOVE.....BEYOND THE MATRIX..... \n4. FOR ALL WE KNOW HE IS JUST A WEBOT PROGRAM FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT TO DECEIVE AND LAUGH AT THE DECEPTION....
Jim isn't talking nonsense. The idea is that the self is an illusion. We cling to a false sense of identity based on where we were born, who we're told we're supposed to be and how we're supposed to behave. I believe he has studied the principles of Non Duality, which if anyone is interested in, look up Jeff Foster and Eckhart Tolle, who give wonderful explanations on the subject. Of course, taken out of context, it sounds like he's going insane, but if you actually pay attention to what he's saying, it all makes sense.
do these people know what he does for a living? why are people so surprise at his remarks.
Fucked up reporters are stupid and shallow as de pit beneath their feet
Reporters were too stupid to comment on his what Jim said....
Making fun of something you all can not understand doesn't make you  look good. Just a bit of advice.
They don't get it at all - but have their close ones die, have them lose their jobs, have them spend some time alone and they will soon realise their entire 'identity' was built upon a façade that they never knew existed until they were put in that position, because they have never had to 'look inside' themselves for anything. This is why unemployed people become depressed, this is why when wives cheat on husbands the husbands go off the rail. This is why people who get bullied kill themselves. And this is what is meant by putting 'God first' Not your mum, your dad, your boss, your job, your wife or husband, or purpose - Those things are not a reliable anchor point for anyone and when we attatch our identities to them and they no longer serve us we have nothing to cling on to. Jim is a great example of putting 'god' first - He isn't falling for the trap that he is an idol - like the people treat him as and he has even said once people get all that external stuff they will realise that it does not make you happy. I've been there, Im sure a lot of others have as well and its a weired place to be in especially when you have to deal with idiot people like these reporters who will never understand you
All I see is Jim Carrey calling out bullshit on Hollywood and a bunch of dumb ass reporters not being able to accept that they might be part of the meaninglessness \n#Carreyforpresident
Fashion is an industry and a culture of its own. To dismiss it as trivial is as ludicrous as dismissing comedy or acting or television. A lot of fan boys in the comments, but it's clear to see that Carey is losing the plot. Hopefully he is getting some help.
GO FOR iT JiM!!!❤ you ve got it!
Jim's in crisis because his wife died... Obviously he's going to act out. It doesn't mean he's suddenly woke or some nonsense, it means he's fucking grieving, you twats... He doesn't have the drive to make people laugh or to vent his emotions since he isn't acting or in movies anymore (previously, those were his vices). He's depressed and he's going through the stages of grief (denial [done], anger [done], bargaining [done], depression [in progress] and acceptance [he will get there soon)... So everybody stop taking everything he says so seriously (or literally). He's not on some higher level of consciousness or whatever the fuck you hippies want to call it, he's fucking depressed. That's why he's trying to destroy his image, that's why he didn't give a fuck during the fashion week interview, or any other fucking interview since she died. Leave him alone and stop promoting this self destructive behaviour, it's not helping him, he just needs time.
Why so serious? He's a comedian ffs.
Right on. We are all one energy, expressed as consciousness.But all they cared about was how he looked.
When ur having a mid life crsis so u accidentally fall into and promote a predatory bastardisation of 'new age' ideas that preys on the mentally ill and otherwise vulnerable through con men like David Wolfe.\n\nOh well done, Jim... most people go through this phase aged 14 or so...
Jim Carrey is a fucking genius, he is truly enlightened. those reported were the fattest nitwits i have ever seen. They totally missed his message it went straight over their heads like they were children.
I got every single word he said on this latest explanation.. On the otherside got really scared with the first interview I saw.. More relaxed now, he is not nuts..
there Is much more people supporting you jim 💪💪
It's obvious that Jim is searching for something. The arrogance of these reporters is sickening. So condescending as if they have all the answers. Like they have life all figured out.
I think Jim Carrey is seeing the world like Neo does at the end of the Matrix. He's a fucking genius
These Orange fashion people are like... wat R spirit? is it in? is it sexy? FUCK YOU1!?12 KL3EFKLW QHAFASDJKLHFVOIASDHFKL;ASDHFA
Lol at the fact that idiots see a drug fueled narcissist spout half-baked pseduo-intellectual shite and they call it genius and WOKE.
These guys didn't get it.
Look at this asshole talking questioning society and existence! Thinks he's too good for the twelth award show this week does he?! I bet he doesn't even know the current top ten lists of celebrity gossip!
Lol, feeble minded media. We don't understand what he's saying so we'll just ridicule and belittle it
Jim Carrey gets it. These reporters are idiots.
He's trying to describe the Zen worldview, which, admittedly, is difficult. 'Zen is not words'.
Why in the fuck does anyone even watch these TV shows anymore? Who gives a fuck what they think or have to say?????
I don't think they're so wrong. Jim sounds like he just had his first acid trip. In all that infinite wisdom you'd think there'd be something about not fucking up tv shows. Whoa, let's blow some minds at fashion week! edgy stuff jim.
'Was he Truman show?' Lol what a retard
I understand exactly what he's saying....
I want this god of a man to give me anal
he doesn't exist without a role to play\n\nyou took his message of there is no self, only consciousness, individuality is a misconception and we are all actors on the stage of life and turned it into poor guy will go crazy if he doesn't get some work soon.
You idiot reporters will always try to suppress a higher form of consciousness. Guess what dicks, the gig is up! Stick that in your pipe and smoke it!
That shit went right over there head lmfao no body really ever looks at the big picture only the small portion there subjected to
And what was weird about that... I'm being serious, sounded pretty norm to me.
When people can't understand something they mock it. Jim's a genius, you can't expect these people to get where he's coming from, they still have their blinders on 🙈
His interview at Fashion Week plus his response illustrates he's been doing some seriously deep, introspective thinking.  I'd love a book list of what he's been reading.
He has hillbilly bipolar skistifenia he is sick in his mind from this disease
Respect, understanding and knowledge. well said.
He knows more than these shitty, non-introspective, fuck-all news heads talking about things they know nothing about. I feel bad for them and how fast that went over their heads.
Jim Carrey is right. And these bozos are pawns of the system.
Jim Carrey is Black Pilled af. The man is living on a whole other plane of existence. Many of us cannot simply comprehend what he is thinking, what he feels, and how he sees the world, and frankly I think there's a sublime beauty to that.
He has gone insane.
I am on board with Jim Carry on this one. But wtf is going on with Jim Carry why the fuck is he all weird and trying to be a prophet lately? Stop being fucking weird Jim Carry. And I don't mean the funny weird. You're just weird now.
the only reporter of the bunch who actually was thinking about what he said was the Blonde girl... The other two dipshits can keep drinking the kool-aid. STAY WOKE FAM!
how is it possible for these reporters to be this stupid
Mass media employees are literally dumber than a box of rocks. Admit that you make a cushy living by manipulating and exploiting tax payers, and change your fucking tune.\n\nEducate yourself. Become articulate -- able to think, form arguments, act and lead. Transcend your ignorance and victimhood. Reduce the suffering in the world. Lead a heroic life.
Of course these clowns will not take this seriously and laugh it off.
Even Will Ferrell's Anchorman would analize this in a better, more professional and deeper view. These people is why tv is finally going to an end. We're done with this s***
wow it's like there are two human races. the ones who have the glasses on like in they live movie. and the others in the dream sleep state who make fun of the people who go deeper
Oh come on its not like he waant making sense
El...ess...comes after c but before e...
How dense do you need to be to make those kind of remarks....disgusting.
What he said is true!
jim knew what he was talking about, he just couldnt articulate it well at that moment
When the illusions of Hollyweird starts to erode......
Wide awake!!!   Love him even more
You can actually SEE the reporters judging him with their rude gestures. Do people still watch this type of reporting?
Enlightened.
Lol Jim having a lovely transcendent moment about self and then these glib daytime fuckwhits have to just laugh it off before their heads explode with existential dread.
He made perfect sense...I'm not sure what the big deal is.
Since when has being enlightened regarded as strange...phoney baloney reporters are to faked up to see..
AND he was clearly trolling that bitch of reporter who starts the interview are you looking around for a date to bring to the Fashion week? (When his girlfriend died and he is still recovering).
Jim is too woke for them. These sheep dont get it. They just say what they're told to say and cant be themselves out of fear of not being accepted by the other sheep. Like if youre a black sheep and youre happy about it.
I've always liked Jim but now that he just doesn't give a dam I like him even more
Brilliant Jim Carrey, love it!  He's awake and their still asleep.
You puppets that sit behind those desk with tons of make up and reading from a script of what some 1 else wrote and act like you some grand person with more problems than everyone u should kill yourselves. You wouldn't or couldn't understand Jim Carey because ure brainwashed and brain dead so fuck off
These reporters clearly are like turned pots. You can try to tell them a bit of truth, but not a bit of it is going to land in their pots. Jim Carrey is awesome
wow what a bunch of tools....
icons are the most useless evil and wrong way to educate people! just feel like i gotta point that out... fuckin what year is it humanity... still in neeed of boosting your ego by looking/being like the golden alpha whore of hollywood or what? you guys should overthink what esotheric is... if your icon are that low human beings spending their money on brands talking about trivial things... yea then the fashionweek is the least important place on earth where the zombies gather to discuss their nonexistant problems of looking too good and who to laugh at next on tv(u prooved this point already)
These people making fun of him are idiots.... He's right... Everything you are is taught to you by people who are taught everything they are.  You could easily be anything else.... In Nazi Germany we could have all been Nazis or we could have all been jews
TRULY PERFECT how these clowns explain the depth of themselves and the role, the SHELL of a character they play in order to appease the audience that is paying the bills. It is perfect that they chose to make light and ridicule something as deep as JC was sharing. It is VERY VERY telling. This man is an artist, in its truest sense. Its beautiful to hear his shares.. I know it reaches others and hopefully will inspire other actors to be honest.. and the world at large.. Thanks JC..
I'm glad to see most of us get what hrs saying these drones are to shallow to understand
and these reporters think, they are smart ass
Why strange???   talking the truth.
He has seen the light and it is absolutely comprensible this morons can´t understand and think he lost his mind and make joke of him, he will laugh at last
I wanna see the whole interview. He probably went on about more truth you dumb mfs don't wanna realize. I was honestly surprised he dropped it so bluntly like that. people aren't ready for it like that. I appreciate him for this though, it makes me happy af to know he's waking people up.
I really want to give that fat prick a smack.
Some of these people may get a grasp of what he's saying when they're starring down death.
Did you hear about the man brought in by the Fashion Police?\n\nThey questioned him over his criminal ties.
HE'S WOKE
God Loves you Jim Carrey.
Wise fucker
RETARDS.. FUCKING RETARDS EVERYWHERE
normies
Lol more thumbs down
Yo fuck these shit shallow reporters!
GIga niggers
consciousness an shapes
fuck these clowns. idiots.
Enlightened much?
He's gone off the deep end.
Jim .You are a legend.  Keep up the good work. I love his Illuminati exposé on Jimmy Kimmel a few years ago.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG9i7d8yfKQ
It's funny, when he talks no one gets it.  Shows how mechanical the human mind has become. He is one of very few who has seen it.  It never stops once you do and it only progresses through time!  All of us are designed to see it. conchiousness.   It's the formula. You start seeing 4-D and realize we've missed so much. We don't care about judgement at this point because that's one of the biggest weaknesses we've all missed.\n Jim is inspiration for the truth and it allows hope for humanity to try and at least give ourselves the life we deserve. Energy is and we can see it, feel it and guide it
Warning! smoking marijuana can cause chronic and severe damage to the brain.
Jim is right that this life is all vain & ultimately vacuous, but that doesn't make it meaningless and it doesn't make us NOT truly exist. This is what happens when we're blinded from God, we start to develop a nihilistic outlook. But when we understand that God created man with DELIBERATE intentions in mind, then we see that we're more than just a mass of cells, we're full of purpose & life has an ultimate destiny. Life has a reason because there's a plot to it. Omniscient God has an ultimate end planned out, it didn't all happen by accident & it didn't happen for no reason, that's nonsense. For example, if you find a pile of scrap wood laying in the grass, you can reasonably say it's just grass, there's no ultimate meaning to it. But if you find a HOUSE made out of wood, then it's most reasonable to assume that there's a purpose for it and a meaning to it. Likewise, we are NOT just random chemistry bumping around in space. We are conscious, curious, intelligent, aware, animated humans who live in a planetary system that's deliberately rugged for us to BE. We're programmed to worship, we're moral agents, we're made in the Image of God. Nihilism is insanity packaged as wisdom. It's a satanic hoax designed to kill our confidence in God, the Creator, sustainer and redeemer of LIFE. Hollywood is run by satanic Illuminati occultists who are smart enough to PRETEND that they are mere atheists, or gnostics, or pantheists. But they're really THEISTIC Luciferians who KNOW that Satan & demons exist because that's where they get their power. Don't be fooled, the SATANIC elite have brainwashed Jim so they can use him to brainwash us. Nihilism is false, Jesus Christ is true, and he proved the veracity of purposeful destiny by RISING from the dead.
I don't know why so many people support this idea of his. Anything above procreation is essentially pointless. But these things exist to bring joy and happiness to those that enjoy them, much like movies, music, good food, video games etc... \n\nAnyone who claims a higher understanding and that these things are beneath them is lost in the sauce imo.
He's a nihilist so who cares. You didn't have to talk to him.
Jim Carrey is acting like that college freshman that just finished his first philosophy course. We get it bro, you've elevated to higher plane of consciousness or whatever. You're so woke\n\nTerence McKenna was a fraud and you bought the lie.
Careful Jimmy you could disappear up your own asshole.
Pengwings
Dear BBC could you reveal the air date asap thanks! Can't wait to watch it
benedryl cucumberpatch is BBC's ultimate clickbait.
Υesss, Benedict!
Yeees Benedict! Whatever he does, its just the best! <3 Cant wait to watch this. Its going to be beautiful and emotional just like his movie Third Star. It made me cry alot.
I'm gonna cry a lot.
omg..! after The Current War and then The Child in Time trailer.. i'm ready for this.. can't wait! XD
I see Benedict Cumberbatch. I watch. He's just so irresistible (I'm not gay).
Sees Ben Cumberbatch, yep I'm totally watching this.
Heavy Rain by BBC One
I guess this will have to make up for the Sherlock withdrawals.
sooooohot...just sayin.
Can time heal?\nNo but Doctor strange can.
He needs to be used for another Sherlock series never mind this
Press x to scream KATE!!!!
The Child In Time airs on Sunday September 24 at 9pm on BBC One.
Sherlock has a child 😉👍🏻
This is the one case Sherlock can't solve
I love you,benny
Is she the actress who was in that bees episode of black mirror??
Don't worry this is Sherlock Holmes he will find her this finna be be a breeze.
(tempted to draft new love letter right here and now) My Darling Benedict--It has been so long!...etc. etc.
I Wonder, do you think that Kate is a Time Lady? I'm just curious.
This looks good
Lost a daughter? Don't wonder around! Go to Bake street!!!
Jesus 10 years after I had to read this shite in AS English they're making a show of it.  Worst crap I've ever read, and I've read Dan Brown.
Looks so good
I swear they could have just used cctv?
Omg iv read the book ik what happens can't wait to watch this 😆😆😆😆
Christ that looks depressing just what we all need. Why can't they do a drama about losing a fiver, or drinking an unexpectedly cold cup of tea, or perhaps a smoking tiger with anger issues and a love for left socks. Off to GPs for some anti depressants tomorrow, thanks.
The role looks perfect for Benedit Cumberbatch and I already can't wait for it! Its going to be something without a doubt!
Where can I see it(I haven't got television)?
Is this gonna be a tv series or movie?
This looks like it's going to be great! Can't wait to see it!
Ben and the little girl playing - fills my heart up
I thought this was a Wholock episode because of the title
I can`t wait. Ah, my love Benedict!
A couple of days ago a couple of dudes drove up to a High School near Rubery in Birmingham, trying to lure a child around 12 to get in their car because they knew her mom. \nI really wish a channel would commission To Catch A Predictor UK. It'd be so popular, plus it'd strike fear into the nonces, knowing they could be exposed to the nation on TV. Please, please, please, please
Shame he doesn't have the TIME STONE
Ben you made this year awesome!\nCan't wait
Book of the week, A bad storm by Theresa Down....................
No Benedict, you are SHERLOCK, you can Find her.
when does it come on ??
Meh, doesn't look as good as The Missing
'The child in time' seems like a good title for a Dr Who episode. The return of the Drs Daughter?
HE WOULD BE SUCH A GOOD DAD IM SO OVERJOYED
Omg yuuuus back at BBC, love a good BBC series especially with benedict
This is going to be available in America right
Why not make another season of Sherlock if you had time for this :////
As soon as I saw cumberbatch, CLICK
Oh mah gah I am HYPED FOR THIS! LOVE YOU BUMBLEBEE CUCUMBERPATCH!
I'M intrigued it sounds so good and i like Benedict's performance
I have been waiting for this since that summer 2017 trailer for BBC Drama. Love it so much.
IM HERE BEFORE THIS GOES VIRAL AND MAY I JUST SAY\n\n\n\nthERe gOEs mY hEArT
So ... he's not a time traveling alien?
If Your An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!🔥💯🚨
Good Movie is coming kkkkkkkkkk (and sorry but it's no possible no remember of ParentLock)
when comes it out
When will we be able to watch it then? x
Why can't anyone in the comments speak English?
Taken: Mild version
2 Best things in it.\n1) BENEDICT\n2) MUSIC
Oh look... The McCann's need more money... So another kidnap series... Notice the girl's name is KATE
Benefit cucumbrhatch
Anyone with just an ounce of empathy cannot but be gripped by the power of Cumberbatch in this trailer. My heart and stomach are tight from it.
Se Inscreva Se No Meu Canal
Just use your deduction skills, Sherlock!
Waaalt!
every film : ben running
Benedict? Okay Im watching this
Bonkyhort Cutiebrunch
Sees Benedict, clicks.
heavy rain
What the fuck
#we_need_Sherlock_Holmes
Can't wait.....
OMFG SLAY YES BENEDICT HAS RETURNED
Doctor Strange looks fucked
SHAUN SHAUN SHAUN
Benedict Cumberbatch\n\n\n\n\nWho?
is this Ian Macqueans novel
When?
Garry about irk
Aman benedict sen 5. Sezon çekme de current war ve bunu çek :( üzdü neyse bizde bunlarla idare edecez.Bunu ingilizce yazamıyorum ya yetmedi ingilizcem inş Türk çıkar
YEES! Benedict and Kelly together?! Deffo gonna watch this
HASSİKTİR BENEDİCT AŞKIM ÇOK SEKSİYLİİ AHHHH
Looks good
Nice
What will happen to Sherlock? Thats it?
awwwww.. Ben!! I must see this!! (but I'm in Germany :( )
He lost his kid in the supermarket lol what a dumbass
Oh my god benedict as a dad
I feel like there is going to be a twist...that she has actually died and they are in denial
No effects but it looks like it has not done any editing
Shit
Looks crap
Looks stupid
This fat Asian is funny
I'm Aus-Chinese but never learnt Chinese and one time these Chinese tourists came into a cafe while I was waiting for my frappe and they started talking to me and gave me money, I went up to the counter and asked for four more frappes... to this day I'll never know what they really wanted
Except for my mom, no one speaks Korean here. Whenever I talk to relatives, it's always in English with her acting as translator. The most I can do is kind of read Korean characters, but I don't know what anything means :|
_I am in two difficult necessities_ , between *laughing or* having to slap you .. hahaha, want to slap for your cute cheeks
I'm a Chinese/Australian who can't actually speak Chinese. I know more words in Japanese than Chinese.
This is me when I go to visit my family in Africa
Me except with Spanish... im cuban and mexican but never bothered to learn Spanish its hell..
me after 1 hour of spanish class
This is so me when I have to speak to my grandma in Spanish..
You and markiplier should do a 30 minute deep voice ASMR conversation video..
the fact you subtitled fuk just sent me sprawling
THIS IS #3 ON TENDING
I was born in African Libya where I was taught to speak Arabic and Farsi ,when I became a US citizen in 1958 the only English I knew was hello ,goodbye ,please, thank you and Nuk Nuk Nuk from curly on the 3 stooges ,my wife is Lebanese so we speak Arabic in our home and with our children ,I became fluent in English by speaking it as much as possible even though I wasn't sure what I was saying all the time ,nob0dy should feel bad about butchering a 2nd or 3rd language ,I'm 72 yrs old & learning to speak Spanish right now ,my wife speaks 7 languages so so .
Why is this trending ? Kids are gonna see this garbage
hahahahah just shoot me in the face. this is my life seriously #asian boyfriend
LMAO I FEEL THE SAME WAY
Me with Spanish, I can still understand it well and speak enough for my family. But I'm always pausing and saying idk how to say it in Spanish as well as having a bit of an American accent when I speak Spanish.
I hate being in that situation!!😂💀
Officer in Italian club. Not confident speaking Italian. Had to relay important info today. Idk what I actually said but I know it wasn't right
me when someone speaks mandarin to me .. little do they know im canto #chineseproblems 😭
Anyone ever fill in the words you don't know so you just say the word in English but with the accent
When you have 2 second in zombies to respawn so you just give up and not wait 2 seconds
Read all the sentences in order \n1.This is this cat. \n2. This is is cat. \n3. This is how cat. \n4.This is to cat. \n5. This is keep cat. \n6. This is an cat. \n7. This is idiot cat. \n8.This is busy cat. \n9.this is for cat. \n10. This is thirty cat. \n11. This is seconds cat. \n\nNow read the third word in every sentence.
We had french exchange students at my high school and i've taken like 3 years of french. I said hey how are you to one of them and he started speaking so fucking fast I had to take like 10 seconds to comprehend what he said. So awkward😂
Lmao I was stationed in Seoul South Korea and that's exactly what happened!
I recall taking a trip to southwestern islands in my early teens. I had only studied the local language for a couple courses and was trying to get away with having to speak it as little as possible. Ultimately, I managed to speak exactly one sentence of the language during the duration of the entire trip.\nJag talar finska.
Just sign up *here* ✒✒ https://t.co/n88XZA9C0R then open your camera. i will show my sweet #Pussy
I'm so awkward that I usually nod my head or say yes whenever they speak...LOL
me when chinese exchange students come and they think i'm chinese 😂 😭
0:13  me in japanese class,
I watched all 60 Skits in a row.
It's also really terrible when you can't speak the language but can still understand it when every single person in your family gossips about how you suck at your own language right in front of your face.
Me when I try to speak to anyone that doesn't speak English
I can speak simple and conversational Cantonese. But when someone goes into a full-blown conversation about the more complicated stuff,  I can understand them just fine but speaking it is a nightmare.
I've been going to Chinese school for over 8 years and I still can't speak fluent Chinese.
Sigh... me when I'm trying to talk Finnish with my grandmother..
Me with my grandparents and Urdu and Arabic and English and literally every other language because I seem to lose all vocal ability as soon as I step foot into their house
Everyone should speak Korean instead of Facist white priveledge languages like English, Italian, German and Spainish.
Its amazing how well the Sonic drowning music triggers me. Seems like I wasnt the only one who was traumatised
How I feel when someone asks me to speak Irish because I am Irish lol
The manga was WAY better.
This is me when my family comes over😂
Just shoot me in the face\nMe when my parents get my report card
Found this in my recommend section lol
My Vietnamese assistant teacher was speaking viet to me and I'm not even Vietnamese so I kept nodding my head.
OMG\nI'm from France I lived there until I was five and my whole family can speak French apart from me so EVERY SINGLE FRENCH CLASS I TAKE I HAVE TO EXPLAIN THAT I CANT ACTUALLY SPEAK FRENCH \nFJENDGVDDGBSSOBTSJSN
So we have this kid from Venezuela in our school and he is in my algebra class so him and another Mexican kid just go off in Spanish the whole class so it's basically more of a Spanish class than my actual Spanish class
I'm Korean and that is me in every situation whenever I talk to someone who knows more Korean more then me.
This happened to me online before, but never irl
Me going to Marseille to visit relatives 😂
I've been learning Chinese at school, and it's actually interesting!🇨🇳
This is me in English. Since I moved to Canada thats the type of conversation I am having with everyone
even the word fuck is famous for the Korean too?
This is so relatable... But in filipino. ;P
Please get me to fifty subs
Me with Cambodian people
I need sub to get iPhone 8, my mom said if I hit 400 subs, she will give me iPhone 8
Sub = become famous \nLike = become a billionaire
Me with my French side of my family
Me everyday in Chinese class
Literally me when my Korean teacher starts talking to me 😂
Advertisement is for Rosetta Stone, lol
One day I was working. (I work at a restaurant) and I asked how the customer's day went. I noticed that they didn't speak english so I tried spanish. That didnt work either. Then I heard them speak and it sounded french. So I said hi to both of them in french. (mind you that saying hello in french is all I know how to say) and then BOOM they started to speak and speak and speak. And all I did was laugh and nod my head. Hahaha. All we did was laugh and laugh, little do they know. I didn't understand a thing they said. Good times, good times...
When a weeb goes to Japan
You sound like Brian from family guy
Me at Swedish class and when I have to converse with my classmate anything in Swedish (': I rather use English or Finnish lol
Me when am talking to my mother in law 💀💀😂💀😂😂
this potato
lit me
HAHAHA FUCK THIS IS ME
😂😂😂😂😂😂
NANI
Qqjgk
Did he say jimin face
When my latin classmates say Salvē
xD gun....face....FUCK xD
Funny
play  this cool https://www.roblox.com/games/292439477/Phantom-Forces?rbxp=310093063
Well that escalated quickly.
Gun... face.... fu*k.....
XD
somebody get this man some chapstick
YES
Bruh I love this dude.
Nandato!?
ME
Want nanas j19212271
2 on trending holy shit
daddy
Me with french.
Me with French . Lmfao
<-- check oyt my channel
Ai dount spiik englis ai ounli spiik ralliinglis.
chong.... jojun.. balsa
Me with French lmao
Y ppl like weird shit like this
Psycho Nauts is free on humble bundle
Legit me in Japanese. Hate when they ask you something and the whole class is staring at you waiting for an answer.
what music is playing at 0:23?
what language is that
All to well is the best ts song
I love how Andy keeps trying to stir the pot regarding T Swift and not one of these older celebrities gives a shit
THE SCARF IS CLEARLY IN HIS DRAWR, EVEN NOW
its i left my scarf there at your sister house and you still got it in your drawer even now
Maggie looks like she's an aristocrat from the 1930's.
Olivia B is a legend for asking that question haha! Especially if that's a false name to honour Taylor's cat!
all too well is not just A song is THE song
left my scarf there, at your sister's house, and YOU still got it IN YOUR DRAWER even now.
In a song?? All Too Well is #That song
All too well is such a masterpiece
'All Too Well' is Taylor's Top 5 best songs. PERIOD. That is a fantastic song, I want her and Jake to get back together and break up so she can write a sequel.
Wait a minute... what happened to but you keep my old scarf from that very first week, cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me?  \nI thought she was talking about him not his sister.. i mean yes, she left it at his sister's house at one point but then he got it and kept it to himself
wow people actually ask Maggie about the scarf? lol, it's jake you need to ask!
Lol Maggie doesn't care
it might not have been about jake?
Maybe someone can use that scarf and silence Taylor swift.
Taylor is a walking STD. More men than Elizabeth Taylor.
*ALL TOO WELL IS THE SONG*
i cannot believe it's even trending. FIND THE SCARF ALREADY!!! Taylor needs peace. . . Well, more the Swifties. Lmao.
All too well is the best song that Taylor has ever written. Yes, the equivalent to ATW in her other albums are 'back to December', 'clean' etc... but it's by far the most beautiful she has ever composed. It's her 'case of you' know whattamean.
im sure Taylor has many more missing scarves
00:40 is that guy 50 cent???
I feel like she should have Kristen scalls voice
Obviously the scarf is Taylor Swift's innocence (virginity). She left it at his sister's house. Swift's Red is actually her best lyrically with metaphors. Her songwriting skills during Red was even compared to that of Leonard Cohen.\n\n\n\nOh, and the album's title is Red. RED!!!!
Imagine what'll happen if Taylor releases that 8 minutes version...
All to well is the best ts song...https://goo.gl/czCVJA
Rachel Dawes is Jakes brother?! Small world
If she does have the scarf, please God make her cover up that butter face.
All Too Well is her best song
NO he still has it! in his drawer, even now
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Taylors saying I fucked jake at your sisters house
She been looking grandmothery for the last ten years...she just has one of those grandmother faces
inquiring minds want to know. god I'm going to retch.
Maggie G. looks like Sloth from The Goonies.
DAFUQ she has on, an aluminum foil dress?
I love Maggie's ring!
រឿងសិច
Shes aging quickly
Give it back!
Why does she look 90?
Secret: Andy Cohen is really......Alex Trebec....
Its my grandma!
50 s laugh...contagious 😂😂😂😂
*Give it back!*
Find in Maggie
Jake has the scarf. He keeps it in his drawer, even now.
Taylor's too ugly for jake anyways... Cringy piece of shit.
All Too Well is the best song to ever exist *period*
Her face reminds me of that old episode of the Twilight Zone, when the old man that was dying made his relatives wear masks to recieve their inheritance. js
well said Maggie who cares, swiftards should get over it, Taylor's  BS is exhausting
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
She's ugly.
I think everyone agrees she's one of the ugliest actresses ever 💯😎
Damn how desperate for 'drama' is he to ask a irrelevent stupid question!!Never mind the person making a career out of bashing old partners/friends..
She might not have that scarf but she sure has the face of a hound dog ...😕😕😕😕
Maggie Gyllenhaal is one of Hollywoods ugliest celebrities.  Proof that you don't need talent or good looks to become famous, just Jewish connections.
WHY DON'T YOU AFRICAN FOLKS GET BACK TO AFRICA AND SPEAK YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES AND LIVE WHERE YOU BELONG AND LEAVE US CAUCASIAN PEOPLE AND OUR ENGLISH LANGUAGE ALONE AND GO FUCK YOURSELVES! GO MIND YOUR OWN AFRICAN BUSINESS IN AFRICA LIKE THE ASIANS MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS IN ASIA LEAVE CAUCASIAN WHITE PEOPLES ALONE. GO HOME. GO MAKE SOME POP AND RAP MUSIC IN YOUR OWN AFRICAN LANGUAGES IN AFRICA YOU MUDDAFUCKAS!
He prob set this up to make him look like a hero to the girl he wants.
Rated R Home Alone.
I feel that the plot is the boy try's to be the hero but later the girls turns him down and so the boy becomes the bad guy,trying to not let her escape which is what the teaser tried to show us or idk
Not going to lie.. This looks like the best movie!! I am so excited for it to come out!!! WOOOOO SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!
Looks sick
My theory: the girl and her boyfriend planned to rob the house the entire time. The boy finds out and then takes it out on the girl too.
can't believe that it's actually levi 😂wth?
The original teaser looked very different
Alexander who had a bad day and Peter Pan have gone mad.
Is so weird to see the little peter pan cursing and saying fuck, is like Mike wheeler saying i'm gonna have to kill this fucking clown
Seems lame. I feel bad for all the ex-boyfriends that got hurt. That kid tortured the one that got hit by the giant can of idk what and that other guy got hung. And this movie doesn't really look good. The directors were trying WAY too hard to be edgy. And the jokes are HORRIBLE. Thumbs down 👎. It's a no for me.
Where can i watch thw whole movie?
I don't know why but I want to watch this so bad
kids killing kids is normal movie theme now? great!
I wonder who dies Thad why he's screaming fuck it's probably the friend or the girl or something
Anyone know who's performs this cover of Deck the Halls?
I'm rooting for the kids.
roses are red\ntheir thorns are prickly\nmight I just say\nthat escalated quickly
Home alone 😂
I was expecting this one to be a full on slasher movie. This looks fun but i wanted it to be a dark christmas movie
I get that it's trying to be edgy but... it seems to be trying a little too hard. So... no.
A NEW MOVIE WITH THE VISIT STARS? OMG YESSSS!!!
What the fook is this shit?
Get to the oven.
This looks awesome
PETER PAN GONE MAD!
I AM SO BAFFLED RN 😂
Looks awesome. Can't wait.
Looks pointless and generic with feminist undertones.\nLike most modern horror
Thought it was a straight slasher flick, but this looks twisted, weird and sick! Gotta catch it
Tyler and Becca trying to live a normal life after The Visit, heh.
I'm so into this one that I can't listen to run away though it's beautiful too but this is so heart warming 😍♥️♥️
Am quite late but saranghae Bobbyah.. 😍😍😍\n\nThe chorus is just loooove!!!
Lets get 1m today fighting we can do it.
this was soo goood I am so proud of bobby. the summer vibes, everything was perfect. ♡
I LOVE YOU TOO.
Just checked jrekml reaction to runaway, and I am back. This week is all about bobby for mee.
I'm so proud of bobby watching this video. He just show that he can also sing ... so talented oppa saranghe❤
Love your album, Bobby!!! Each and every song ( specially the non title ones) is absolutely amazing :-). Can't stop listening to them. So very proud of you!! Congratulations and good luck
Well, I LOVE YOU too, Bobby
💖 Bobby's vocals is what I need more
i just love this song... everytime i listen to this i will be smiling ear to ear... Bobby you did to me... :*
I've been stuck in my bubble of listening to certain people for too long! I'm glad I came out and found this song plus 'Runaway'. The songs are awesome!
BOBBY YOU'VE DONE SO WELL! CAN'T WAIT FOR THE ALBUM TO ARRIVE
bobby with shades on. and a yello shrt so simple.. yet sexy wahahahah
This. Song is  a happiness 😙🙌😓😚😌
Im so proud of you Bobby \nYou did really great i love it !! i mean all songs in your album too! Love you 💕💕💕
iam jelous because bobby bunny with a girl T-T
first time listening to BOBBY. His voice... wow. I really liked voice. Kept me listening till the end.
I'm #bobsoo shipper , i'm proud of my baby
i love you to the moon and never come back Bobby !!
his singing though. the whole album should just be him singing
Check the translation and you will know how this song beautiful is =)))) Trust me, I really fallin' in love with this songgg, Bobby love you much ^^ I cant wait to see you on stage tomorrow <3
YAY BOBBY is COOL!! Listening to this song, amazing song everyday.
I love you Bobby !!
437 butthurts. How could one dislike this handsome talented guy? :(
Me: pretending to be in the MV
Feel like this song is perfect for long road trip. I should play this song whenever I'm on long road trip. I love u too Bobby. 😍😘😁
Is he gonna promote on music shows?
I've been streaming runaway and I love you all day today, but the views are not going up. Why?
Much love for Bobby ❤
Bobby's talented. Haters can shut up
bobby  I LOVE U too\nand SARANGE too
You are loved.. by many, Bobby! Such a nice voice. 😌😌😌
HIS MUSIC IS JUST AWESOME!!
Bobby is ugly! \n\noh, come 'on! you are fxxking blind dude.
His abs, as well as his back is 😍❤. Neol saranghae, Bobby-yah!
I love you Bobby, you're the best. Love you so so much
wow this song is such a pure art, his raspy voice is so addictive
The video show much of Bobby's energy! Played this video more than 5X still enjoying.
I am in love with the transitions in this song plus his vocals. Genius music engineering. Kudos!
I wonder when will this beat start to becoming boring and repetitive.\nnot hating! Just a recurring observation.🤗
I Love You Bobby!!!!
hanbin got jealous bcs of the girl so he made 400+ accs and pressed the dislike button
AWH BOBBY MY BOY IM SO PROUD OF YOU YOUR MUSIC IS ABSOLUTELY WORK OF ART YOUR VOICEEEEEE YOU DESERVE MORE LOVE BABY,  I LOVE YOUUUUUUU♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
I will stream more and more, love it more and more like the first time I have watched it \nBOBBY fighting, love u
*i love rappers that can sing*
If YG didn't reupload Bobby's mv soo many times, Bobby would of had over 1M views 🙁
His jawline can give me twins at anytime of the day
Why the FUCK is there over 400 dislikes THIS IS FUCKING ART BITCH .......you can do die if you dislike it no one will miss you.....
both the beat and place are kinda remind me with KARD's HOLA HOLA. And both iKON and KARD are my biases too <3
this is such a good song, i'm happy to listen to this whenever i get the chance 😊
this wasn't as bad as i thought it would be! kind of like it!!
This song is wonderful!!!!!
So blown away... did not know he had such a god singing voice
aaaa love it 💕💕💕💕
BOBBY IS LOVE !!!
Good song👍👍👍
- Great 😍😍😍😍
A little same chainsmoker
OMG!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU, TOO
this song got me,,,, helppp
so fresh so handsome 😘
I lobe you Booby!!
i love bobby's jawline #pangaislife ^_^
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Good bye my love goodbye ~~
favorite!😍
Bobby😍😍😍
Daebak
Love this!
KING
wow!!!bobby had finally comeback
Bobby 😍😍
❤
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤
IC's support Bobby! :* all hailllll....
Fighting Booby!
damn that jawline
Bobby version of Justin Bieber hehehe
this melted me
❤️
Legal!!!!! 💕
RTHIS IS SOOOOOO GOOOOOOD
Saranghaeyo Bobby😘
musicnya!!!
My boy
Stunning vocals...I really loved him with MOBB.
YG babies and cars 😍
handsome like always 💕
Saranghae
*I LOVE IT!!!*
ILYYY BOBBY THIS IS SO FREAKING GOOOOD.
Ilove you Bobby❤️❤️❤️
love
I LOVE YOUUUUUUU💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤💗💜❤
HOW COULD ANYONE DISLIKE THIS SONG OMG 🔥💀
nivea!!
Oh My Gawd! ♡♡♡ This is so aesthetic and BOBBYYYYY NADEO SARANGHAE!
ANYONE BEFORE 1 MILLION?
Christensen played last season with Thorgan Hazard and this season with Eden and Kylian Hazard 😱
5:21 Your hair Lolllllll troll hzarad
christensen get some fat and he will become super defender with age 21
Christensen either has really good english or really bad geography cause he doesnt sound like a man fron denmark.
Eden Hazard doesn't play FUT... He put his overall below his Flag, Club, and position while David Luiz and Andreas Christensen got it right. 😂
david luiz shooting is a joke in fifa
David Luiz 74 passing? What a joke 😂😂😂!!!
@3:59 When you realise Eden Hazard is the man that voiced Elmo
Crazy how Hazard has the best dribble and chance creation stats in europe with a 76% success rate but has a lower dribble rating than Messi and Neymar. and whats crazier is Ronaldo is only 2 behind him on 90 with only 25 successful dribbles last season
Nice Video Rio!
background song?
Guys please if everyone donates something we can get him off the street. I dont have much myself and know how its like. go to his go fund me\n\nhttps://www.gofundme.com/helpanthonyoffthestreet
Imagine Leicester city players growing from 70 to 80+ from FIFA 16 to 17😂
2:09\nLooks like they're pointing guns at them to make them talk
Am I the only one who would've kept David Luiz's card as he predicted it? I mean sure, he'd be a CB Ruud Gullit with not as good dribbling but it's true that his shooting and pace should be higher.
Where's batshuayi i \nwanted to see his reaction to his stats XD
Do man united next
David Luis is fantastic character. I love Rio. What a legend though I'm not even Man united fan.
Really no respect for david and christensen
The shooting and passing should be more than 64 and 74 WTF?!
Luiz has a better shot than strikers, and he's right, his left foot is mad.\n\nShould be 5* weak foot\n84 shot
Wtf .. David luiz shooting should have been much higher
I love the background music !! On all videos! It's just so classy.
I hate how fifa has a preset of player ratings based on their position, like assuming that defenders have a passing and dribbling between 50-60 rated, thats not fair. \n(IMO: they should do the ratings based on the season stats/numbers of the player)
This was hilarious, thoroughly entertained, more of this please :)))
this is soooo cringy, cuz players dont care about their stats on a videogame...
My friend  everytime says Liverpool is better than Man Utd and the only thing am telling   is 26 years :D
dont you just love Luiz's personality??
FIFA need to improve David shoting it least but it 70
What's the song
What is the song ?
Damn it five INVEST IN YOUR FUCKIN SOUND RECORDING JEEEZZUZZZZ u want it to be top notch but the sounds is fuckin balls...
Rio: anything you're not happy with\nEden: Your hair
That Christiansen sounds bare English
Poor Christensen he looks so disappointed 😟 He deserves more. Even Rio admitted how good his passing is 😡😡
FIFA gives the defenders no respect tbh,shooting and pace could be improved to almost all defenders
These two are really funny man . Damn !
David and hazard seems like they are very good friends:)
The shot rating of defenders are actually a joke just because they are defenders it doesnt mean they cant shoot
How come Rio looks tiny next to David Luiz? I thought they were supposed to be the same height.
rio says one and only hazard yet he has like 10 brothers and luiz and christensen are the truly one and only \n#clownseverywhere
loved how rio and eden called out fifa for just taking the piss
What about David's Hair rating\n\n\n99 LONGNESS     99 CURL\n\n99 BRAZILIAN      99 SWAG\n\n99 DAVID              99 LUIZ
I'm subscribing to anyone who likes this comment and subscribers to me. Just comment done✓ so i can know
66 physical for Hazard is joke. The only way people can get him off the ball is by fouling him. He's not a tall or physically imposing player, but he doesn't get pushed off the ball easily.
COME ON PREM TEAMS IN CHAMPIONS LEAGUE SHOW THEM HOW YOU CAN PLAY LIKE IN PREMIERSHIP. (COME ON!)
The is the thing that slows David Luis is his Afro(keep the Afro David Luis 
I love how close hazard and luiz are
I want more of this pls, show me ronaldo, i wana see his first when he hears he is not the number one rated player on fifa lol
I'm sure hazard already googled his
whats the music at 5:17
ngl i love it when Hazard says because it's true man! to david luiz aha
What did ea take?\nAndreas christensen was in the top 20 fastest players in bl last season and you give him 64 pace??\nAt least 75
pause the video at 4:25 😂😂😂
One and only mate
Surprised Luiz didnt make all his stats 99. \nBut Christensen has a good rating with quite poor main stats.
I'm in the gym everyday man. Lol this was gold!
Am I the only one who was waiting for to say You just got marked at the end
Luiz has an Amazing shot . Especially on dead balls are Fifa drunk?!
My right ear enjoyed this..
As a Chelsea fan i just want to that Chelsea looks like the best club to play for, nice players and staff. GREAT TEAM! CHAMPIONEEEE💙💙💙💙💙💙
You go gym everyday I died 😂😂😂
It would be so cool next too the du ballon do'r every year they do this every September live with all the players of the top clubs of Europe....\nFifa stats rate your own card?
FIFA have underrated our boys!!
hazard is a better dribbler than messi
No respect-hazard 😂
Lmao hazard put 5 for his defending lololol
Song Name please
wow... posh accent from Christensen, amazing...
someone finnaly got there ratng right
Funny lads
Mane'-99
Nice more pls
🆗
hazzard is 90 omfg
three superstars mentions christenson\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nokay
Hazard comes across like hes mad banter 😂
David Luiz 😂😂😂😂 Br é resenha demais
Luiz is sooo funny lol
Manchestet united react to his stats ft. Pogba lukaku, de gea,rashford👇https://youtu.be/uQm--Y7b86k
Morata ?
EdenSelf Proclaimed Best Hazard
That sweet mono sound....
Hazard
https://youtu.be/DxkRjTEF_QU
dont lie dont lie
nooooo.. 79? you do gym everyday? LOL
69 physical cb is trash
Hazard Overrated:(
Rio ferdinand man u legend whit chelsea video
hazard always seems so moody
wow christensen
bro, couldnt do united?
First song!?
Hazard's 5 Defending tho
Eden is too jokes.
Christensen sounds like hes from London
Fedt at se en dansker i stort rampe lys🇩🇰
London is RED#ARSENAL
Hazard better than Sanchez?? hahaha what a joke!!
Changangle? I don't know how to do that. Is it related to wang-jangling?
you earned yourself a sub this made me laugh but laughing hurts since im sick please help
Why do you remind me of jacksfilms like seriously 😂 but it's cool cause it's hilarious. It's like jacksfilms and howtobasic
I think my favourite part of these videos are the songs
Will you open a god damn merch store already you fucking heathen???
you sear a chicken breast not fucking bake you donkey.
And Also With You
is this the same guy that does the how to make a certain music genre type videos? lol
Wtf how was this in my recommended
Is there a link to that song? It's sublime
SOOOOOO   *J U I C Y*
*Chain jangle!!*\nIs it hip and cool to say around my cats?
Omg what is this🤣🤣🤣 I'm dead🤣🤣🤣
Procrastinating so hard.. watched all your vids, now i'm laughing at all of your comments.. You're the most creative and entertaining youtuber EVER.
I wonder what the people were wondering when passing by witnessing that.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE EGG EPISODES
Just the motivation I need to cool ma chicken
I think I have a crush on you and I've never seen your face. Except in that one where the knife reflected you I totally saw it and then you blurred it...
why are all these clickbait porn comments here 😂😂😭
Wow where have I been.. Subbed
First time seeing this😂😂😂😂😂 instant subscribe!!👍
YouTube recommended is such a godsend
Is the same man who does the ultra spiritual videos???
Damn. im loving this channel, i don;t know why.
I haven't seen ladybugs in years lol
how have i never heard of this channel? o_0
You sold try making tacos de lengua next! I love them but my god am I clueless on how to make them! This was great!
I was waiting for that lady bug to get shit on by that juicy chicken..
Omg I was with you since 50k HOLY MOLY YOUVE GONE FAR
Throw that in the onion😂
You should try to make Perfect toast
I'm vegan but ummmm.... Fuck you. Yeah I didn't actually say it so forgive me sir
Ok but how often do you upload because i literally found out about this channel 2 days ago and have binge watched every episode since then.
Had an argument with my ex tonight but this cracked me up  and made it all better touch the stone and then touch the chicken 😂
I never knew Tina Belcher was so good at cooking.
I wonder if Pimblokto will come back
1:47 throw it in the onion
So get over here or get out of my head swooning.
yo we so close to 1m
Ok i watch said i like your whole grain mustard
Damn, that's some juice.
by now, that ladybug is dead :(
how often does he make vids
Isn't that jacksfilms singing in the Intro and outro?
1:47 throw that in the onion
*At the end I thought he was going to say juicy and spray the ladybug with water.*
LOL yo...what and where did this come from?!\nSO JUICY! hahahaha
Why is your kitchen so dirty?
I liked the parts with the cooking and the chicken.
Im not usually  like this but u wasted hella food 😔u always do
man this is my  humor XD i love you!
The thumb mail looks like a powdered cream cheese Danish.
I didnt know Nightvale had a cooking show.
That chicken song should be on itunes
I knew that last ... ohmygod you suck. was coming.
Is it too late for a reply? It would really make my day. Hi ysac~\nP.s. your ysae series is awesome, love every single episode so far, especially the ghost and barista ones lol
This is the best channel on youtube.
this is one juicy video
THIS MUSTARD CHICKEN WAS DELICIOUS THANK YOU
This is like a mix between a legit cooking video and how to basic. I love it.
If you are reading this, then you are wasting precious time reading the comments. You will probably comment or like this, but you will waste more time. You are now thinking what I am on about, probably thinking that I am on something. However you are just wasting more time reading my comment. I have just wasted precious moments of your life that you could have spent sleeping or smoking weed. If you just realised, I have wasted more time explaining that I have wasted time. For this reason you might as well like this comment, as you might as well waste more time. Thank you for your wasted time.
AND WHAT ABAUT US NON AMERICAN SPIES HUH ???? WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSTED TO DO WITH YOUR WANGLY °F
Im in culinary school and can confirm this is how all chicken breasts should be cooked
Didn't know Mr. Regular had a cooking show
Can I hire you as a cook
*The Smart How To Basic* \n\n;3;
throw it into the onion
I keep tossing my chicken too high and now I have chicken flying all over the place
ok so I have my music gcse in a couple of months and we have to perform a song so there is no chance you could tell me the guitar chords you used in the song is there?also my 6th cousin just died and I need something to play at the funeral
Hot and fast, not slow and stupid.
hahahahha sso good omg kill me
SOOOOOOOOOOOOO JUUUUUUUUUUUICY!
OMG! Dude, you're like Filthy Frank of cooking channels^_^
SOOOOO JUICY
Wasted 3 minutes watching this .
Face reveal?
this is art
Pepper pepper pepper
fuck off
Soooooo juicccyyyyy
Who here misses Pimblokto?
OUTSTANDING!
So juicy
Godly editing, godly cooking, godly humour, godly channel... time to binge
Four hundo I'm dying XD
I fucin luv dis shit
Ha ha ha
YSAC
you should read creepypastas! XD
More pieróg please
Pepper pepper pepper!!! 🤗
where am I
My first and favorite epsiode...
...and with your spirit...
Love me some juicy chicken!
A subtle binging with babish reference nice
Or just pan fry and baste ? Lol
I am 13
stir fryhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJuMJlEPxjQ
One Word: Yummy!!!! :D
is it just me or does everything about this song/video just make you want to smile and love everyone <3
the song is pure art and the official video is too , legendary
One word\n\n\n\n\n\nBeautiful
Underrated asf
Beautiful song
This is one of the few good things that's happened this year... *#LoveThisSong*
I don't like this song \n\n\n\n\nI love it
THIS IS CREATIVE.... THIS TALENT SHOULD BE APPRECIATED..!!!
When James Arthur is in the title you HAVE to drop everything and listen😍❤️
On repeat 💕
Lyrics \n\n[Verse 1]\nI wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sat 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\n[Chorus]\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn\nAnd I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n \n\n[Verse 2]\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sat 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\n\n[Chorus]\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn\nAnd I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\n \n\n[Bridge]\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nWon't you give it\nGive a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nWon't you give it\nTurn your light on me\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little, to get a little love\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nTo get a little love back\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nDance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sat 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\n \n\n[Chorus]\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\n\n[Outro]\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
I can't feel my love without this song.
Muito amor por essa música! ❤
Adoro estos panas, son los mejores.
Mist version better
GHAD
Boa
Nice song!
beautiful
Polish like
10/10
💙💙💙
The best song !!!
DEL ALMA
esa voz ..
Fav song
<3 *;_)
Brilliant 👌
*Muj pies ma na imie Gustaw*
👍👍👍
Beautiful
Awesome Rudi
Black supremacy.
Pewdiepie hates u guys
Songs like this remind you how powerful music can be. Putting feelings and experiences into sounds.
Sponsored by PUMA.
is it just me or is that the pretty mugshot dude
Love Poland
sun worshipping
Thinkyouknowmusic on Twitter brought me here.
Poland 💜
Dar y recibir amor éso es el valor del ser humano. Que siempre salga el sol para todo el mundo 🙏🍀❤
.
Love it! 😍😍😍
amazing!!!
Fantastic video.  Love it 💗
Omg i love this song soo much😍🤣❤❤❤
Sun Comes Up feat. James Arthur
I♥this song
This is amazing ❤️
Love this one
Nice!!
More Rudimental & James Arthur please🙌🙌
Ta muzyka jest  good😂😂😂😂😈😙
Who is the guy in the video? He's amazing!!
2:35 scar's on the other side of his face haha
i really like the flames.\nbut the song is sooo terrible, this sounds like any other radio song out there,\nthis is an industrial product, not art, it's big pile of pooh in a beautifully wrapped christmas gift box.\n\nyes, and i got paid to comment, like, and subscribe on this \nMARVELOUS FACEBOOK AD SPONSORED (this is how i got here) song
Best feature... So in love
this song is everything
Suddenly the sun comes up
*LYRICS*\n\n\nI wonder, maybe they'd never find me\nI've been waitin' such a long, long, long time to feel it\nSwallowed by the waters around me\nThough I took so many wrong, wrong, wrong turns to see it, woah\nBut I dance through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn a nd I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\nIt wasn't easy tryin' to run with these handcuffs\nI had to sleep through such a cold, cold, cold night to see it\nGreen flashes hit me right where I'm standing\nSunlight cut into your bones, bones, bones, started to heal it\nOh, oh, I danced through the blisters at night\nAnd I laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nAnd I sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\n'Til I know I'm alive, alive, yeah\nI'll sit 'til I can't hear words no more\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love floodin' back again, yeah\nUntil the sun goes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd the dark is gone\nWe made it to the dawn and I don't miss you anymore\nWhen the sun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light\nTo get a little love back\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (give your love back)\nGive a little light (won't you give it?)\nTo get a little love back (shine your light on me)\nGive a little light (give a little, to get a little love)\nTo get a little love back (to get a little love back)\nGive a little light (to get a little love back)\nOh, dance through the blisters at night\nI laughed 'til I cried and cried and\nI ran 'til my feet couldn't run no more (no more, no more)\nI sang 'til my lungs were burnin'\nI'm alive, alive\nI can't hear words no more\nSuddenly the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love\nSun comes up again, my love\nUntil the sun comes up\nAnd I feel my love comin' up again (I feel my love)\nI can feel my love, I can feel my love\nSun comes up\nI can feel my love comin' back again
I don't usually leave comments under YouTube videos but Rudimental, you have done me so proud. The video is absolutely outstanding. Superb. Exactly how I depicted it in my mind. How is that even possible. Not many songs strike up so much emotion within me, thank you for being you, Rudimental❤️
this song makes me feel happy....thanks rudimental and james arthur your awesome
Does the thumbnail remind anyone of Humble?!😂
love this video for the song!!!
To all deejays, please don't make a remix of this song, you can't do better.
Bizarre. I love James Arthur and Rudimental, why take down a multi=million watched site, to replace it with this meaningless offering.
Whaaat?!? James Arthur & Rudimental!! I'm in love 😍😍😍
What kind of puma shoes is he wearing?
Just clicked on this out of curiosity because I've always wondered what kind of people are James Arthur fans. Like, look at me, I'm a James Arthur fan.
who is here before 1 million😢😊😍😍🙌☝
Omg love this song so much 😘❤❤
The best song ever 😍💞
who is dis beautiful man dancing in the video 8D?
2:21 reminds me of kings by Years and Years
Beautiful song it's my jam right now! 😍 so powerful and it lifts my mood every time I hear it x
I spent 3 weeks trying to find this song. i did finally. Shazam to the rescue
Well done Sonwabile!! Mad love for you man! The whole world is going to know your name soon!
This music video is telling the story of the rise of Lucifer. Whip out your Illuminati bingo cards, because this video isn't even remotely subtle.
That boy is FINE
https://youtu.be/A7NZ57TyaFo \n\nPlease watch my cover and tell me what you think. Thanks.
Isn't that the jailbird guy, with the two different colored eyes?
Who's watching this in 2017 :)
Oh my ... Gosh by Jamie xx https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTGJfRPLe08 I love your music but this video ...
I used to be a fan now I'm an air conditioner
Sounds like every other dance tune.
Saw James live recently and he was absolutely AMAZING. Watching him perform and hearing him sing blew me away. Turned me into even more of a fan than I was before. Love this song, what a great collaboration! :)
Someone needs to sing this on x factor.
Just Amazing !!!\nGreat job James
James is sooo good. Hi 👋 from moscow
Great songs and vocals that sort of music just makes you smile 😏
I love this song 😘💗
Wow, it's so cool music.🦄
Who's this guy?😍😍 \nLove that song !!!
I love this song ❤
James n Adele need to make a album together lol
Who's Here before A million!
My Favourite part is from 00:01 to  3:25 ❤️ love you James!!
nothing special. I hear the same as the others shitty EDM songs. Sometimes I am tired of this type of music.
no james athrhur on the video? why?
You can grab a piece and go The fact that you guys think I wont eat the entire thing in one go is adorable. Misguided, but adorable.
I'm berry pleased about this recipe.
Berry bark.\nWoof.\n\nI am DEAD, you guys are so awesome.
I am very confused about the schedule of this channel now
Who cares about the food. I'm wondering where Barry's jacket is from
Not sure if they have them in Britain, but my favorite ice lolly is the orange creamsicle.
em-BARRY-sing
a little bit of honey ... 😂😂
This is very similar to my mamma's home made ice cream. She only uses three ingredients. Greek yogurt. Fruit (usually raspberries since I'm allergic to strawberries) and caster sugar. That's it, than she shoves in her ice-cream maker for several hours to let it thicken. We keep the seeds from the raspberries in as we think it makes it taste more interesting. I think I'll add honey next time to see the results.
Lower in fat; lower in sugar; delicious. You're contradicting yourself when you say that.
I'm sorry but I can't imagine lavender as a flavor and I feel nauseous :/
We don't get Greek Yogurt where I live. Can I use normal yogurt?
What did he call the cranberries
Does any yoghurt work? Or only greek yoghurt?
I just want to say, I started watching your videos because theyre fun to watch but I dont rlly cook\nBut recently I had a cooking class (weird for a science major, i know, but seeing how geeky Ben is it prob makes sense) and your videos help a lot so thanks
I love these Kenwood made better videos! Sponsoring made right! :) I'm always in search for something healthy but indulgent and rich that can fool me and satisfy my cheat needs, so this videos are perfect ahah
Looks delicious but bad for people with sensitive teeth
This looks like a winner!
Yay, I got featured in a video ^_^
3:46 *woah*
Now I know how else I can use my frozen berries I bought sometime back. THANK YOU
Why Greek yogurt? I hate Greek yogurt. It tastes of cream cheese. Would a different yogurt work for this?
given that your carbonara took me 45 minutes to make, this seems right up my alley. :)
Hi I'm a long time lover of your channel and I'm going off to uni on Sunday, it would be kinda cool if you did some budget friendly, student friendly dishes
How long can these last in the freezer? Thanks!
Wow I think I wanna give this a go!
Bung some bacon in it.
u could make a nutella frozen bark.. just  blend nutella yogurt and frozen banana with a bit of vanilla...!! perfect for a chocoholic ♥__♥
Great timing - now summer is over! ;)
Would this use with a coconut or soy yoghurt instead? :)
Oo you could do coconut yoghurt, with mango pieces and lime zest 👌🏼
I really wanted to try this recipe but I am allergic to lavender. Is there an alternative
Look awesome guys!!! But I wonder if we can do it with lime and mint? I love the sour taste and if it won't work just add some rum and booomm we just created a freaking mojito ice cream!!! :))
Ok but Barry looks like a Matalan model. I'm not complaining!
so simple, but looks so good!  would goat's milk yogurt work instead of regular (cow)??
literally about to go make this right now
LAVENDER? Who are you and what did you do with Ben's mint?
in love with Barry's hair😍
I don't know if I keep missing the videos or have they stopped announcing what the next week's theme is? I haven't seen the mystery box in a while and you guys haven't been directing us to the website for a sneak peak on next week's theme as far as I know? Are they announcing all of their stuff on other social media now?\nI'm so confused >.<\n\nAlso I know this is an ad and is likely unrelated to what you guys are doing this week.
man this looks sooo good 😭 once i get discharged from the hospital, i am so making this!!
Ben can't replace mint with lavender. What has the world come to?
it's so fast it's almost emBERRYssing
Berry's poor heart shattered faster then the bark did as Ben destroyed it😂
So I've made this before and my problem with it is that it's too cold to bite into, but when it is warm enough to bite into it makes a huge mess all over your fingers. Does anyone else have this problem and any solutions?
Can you use any replacements for the lavender?
After seeing the headline, I was sure you were going to finish the video by stuffing frozen yogurt and tree bark down Barry's pants. And I'm kind of disappointed it didn't happen.
How can I get rid of the ice crystals? I had problems finding a large tray so it became a bit thicker than I wanted it to be... Will it have a smoother texture if I make it thinner or is there any trick for it?
Em(berry)sing to call a recipe
looks so good this guys, whats the texture like?
Calm down Ben! Just coz it's easy doesn't mean it's embarrassing as a recipe.  You're embarrassing. As a snob. 😑
My father has been making this homemade ice cream for years and years. It's the easiest thing ever and it's so good, only ever eaten it as soft serve
Forgot to call it an #ad.
Soooo....can I do it with cheese and bacon?
What is a lollie?  I'm from Canada 🇨🇦. \n\nThis looks awesome! Way to go! Also love the humour.
Ben, you are the star of this show...you could have your own channel.
any video that involves berries *has* to have Barry in it. this is a rule
Where can you get a packet of Lavender in herb form?
I have the same blender...can recommend if anyone is intersted.
I am sad cz i can't have these 😯
Here's a recipe that I've always been curious to try but never have cuz I never found a recipe: *Lavender Ice Cream*\nI saw the ice cream in the movie It's Complicated and I've always wondered how you put lavender in ice cream.\nMight I request this recipe from you guys at SORTED Food?
This is a quick to make, quick to eat recipe. You literally have to eat it quick, otherwise you get froyo fingers 😃 I would try it though, if it wasn't 16 degrees outside... 🤒
I knew barry's actual bark was coming but i still laughed really hard
Very up-town.  Can also be done with bananas and chocolate if berries aren't your thing and chocolate is..
nice! will make that
The two best things in life have come together.\n\nI've always love white chocolate bark, and frozen yoghurt. THE DREAMS ARE ALIVE.
Can you just use citrus fruits for this
*Does SortedFood consciously have Barry in your berry-related videos?*
I'm so jealous of Barry's eyebrows
i was wondering if you could make this with pumpkin and ginger snaps for a autumn style?
This is doing to be a healthy snack😍
Definitely going to try this one! Not sure about grab and go, maybe grab shove in my face before it melts all over my hand
I have a bunch of kiwis that I want to try this with. Might do kiwi + orange zest
You didn't listen did you. 😂😂😂😂
YUM!
I will skip lavender.
Please some more healthy frozen foods pls
Ohhhh sassy Ben You didn't listen, did you?
Ok this, but mint choc chip orrrrrrrr, who knows, endless choices.
Nom
Ice lollys is a dumb name for a popsicle.  Lollipop + Icicle is better than Ice + Lollipop.  Wait.  Hmmmmm....
Cherry brandy was my fav
FAB ICE LOLLIES!!!!!!!
Ben marry me 😘
It looks so yummy 😋
Zaps were the best!!
Genius!😍
Berries too tangy? This goes perfectly with frozen ripe bananas.
B4nny would be proud
hi
😍 I wish I weren't on a diet
looks shit
What about adding some mint to the mix, just to give it that kick? Mint and berries are great together! (Plus, it would make Ben happy😂)
You guys dont know how much i love yogurt, in fact i have eaten 3 tabs tonight. I love it sooo much!
I don't like yogurt. Could you do this with ice cream?
I can't even stand the smell of lavander, i will never understand why people eat it !
Mini Milks for the Win!! I loved them as a kid too! The vanilla or chocolate were the best \n\n(That's the milk lolly Ben is talking about at the beginning)
Seems delicious, but with the cold and (kind of) stormy weather I would much rather have something warm or comforting. Any chance you guys will make some autumny recipes?
Looks lovely and will be making it with my grandchildren but does it not melt fast?
Can anyone explain to me what lavender would taste like? Besides lavender of course... Whenever I hear of adding a flavor like rose or lavender I get this vision of eating soap or perfume.
I'd eat the full slab in one go
my baby killed it
I thought he wasn't making videos for this album...well then it's Tiller the 'this way ..no that way did I say this way bitch I meant that way. Now drop that down pick it up' kinda artist :D
😍😍😍 I'll defooo talk to you Bryson 😂😏
Drop that down imma pick it up👅🔥
2 days later and I still got here before 1 mil
if you want to Make a cover, you have a free instrumental of Bryson Tiller - Run me dry IN MY CHANNEL 🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥
My Baby
LOML 💗🍫
Love this song💖🤘🏾
LOVE U BRYSON!!
That scratch..⏺
😍😍😍😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hz5m221MZJM
power of hooks
#louisvillegang
bryson looking fine as hell 😍😍♥♥
Ahhhhh I love you babes ❤️
Thanks for never disappointing bryson 😩😍👌
🔥
Whattttt!!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️
i've been blessed
Damn Bryson got 657 haters 😂😂
i love his grills ♡
Woow sooo proud of him 👑❤😂
He reminds me of LeBron james
Love the beat!
He so sexy 😍😍😍😍
🎶🎶0:49
Here after 1 million 😂😂😂😂😂
here b4 a milli
Clearly begging for club play.
https://youtu.be/EHRavTOPHF4 🔥🔥🔥
make this go viral to the song #Runmedry
Who else only likes the Beat❤💜
Sitting here on my toilet patiently waiting for his next album
Bryson and Phora should make a song together !
I'm pretty sure whoever disliked this did it on accident
Damn I remember when he only had 70k views on Sorry Not Sorry. Crazy watching him turn into a superstar
everything about this is perfect i'm so in love 😩😻
😍😍😍😍😍😍 babe at it again.
So many girls in this comment makes me feel bad im a boy but i like it
I was expecting a vibing dance video. Anybody else? I Love it though. 💕
who's watching this right after hurricane irma hit?
I love that he has black queens in his videos.... 😍😍😍 absolutely love him & glad to be from the 502!!! Excited to see you Saturday I know u finna kill it boo 😋😋
Roses are red violets are blue I heard fire and so did you
Why do musice videos have nothing to do with the song?\nLike this one!
I know y'all hoes got wet at 2:02, don't front
All everytime him said 'for me' I was like 'hells yas' 😍 Man crush everyday😩
bryson needs to put his hat back on
Tiller been had the heat🔥🔥
Guessing this the second single.. Tiller stop playing\nWe all waiting on that\nSet it off video
I love this song when he said \nNow is my time to flax on you 😍
true to self 😍😍 pen griffey back at it again
I love this song so much😭✨❤️
Yeah this is hard man!
I found the models Instagram it's @yasminwoolford
his harmonies are exceptional... no homo, proper old school vibes!
HERE BEFORE ONE MILLION VIEWS
When i play it n close my eyes, i fell like m flyng to somewhr i dnt even knw...
I like the drake vibe
Reggaeton i know
I like it
I needed this😅
Add mrmadzsickabit
😍😍😍
1 Million Views Yaya ❤😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNK3f8JZnbA
this song fucking good
banger
Okay daddy 👀💓🔥
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFe56xnORQ0
This song 😍😍😍😍😍
FIRE 🔥😍
I vibe to Bryson tiller but I am alsoa rapper trying reach 2k subs before 2018, I just dropped my first ever music video ,  if you guys could give it a shot it would mean a ton !
I feel like this song is better in 0.75x
and he did it again😍👏🏼
My man Bryson be killin the game <3
i kill to this song in the mirror 😂🔥
His appreciation for black women just puts him further than the rest and  makes me so happy!
who's the girl in the vid?
He's so fine
Who else is here b4 it hits 1 mil viewsss
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=69168
1mill now
my inspiration ..i love you bryson...work
Yess
I love u #BT. Muaaaaahhhhhhh💕💖💕💖💕💯
BRYSON😍😍 BRO LOVE U
BR 👨🏿‍🏭🕵🏿‍♂️
ion get da hype
Meeeee
He kinda reminds me of Chris Paul...is it just me? Ok lol
This is when u know money started playing him, and not the other way around
BRYSON I NEED SET IT OFF... PLEASE!💁🏽🔥
One of my best new artist 🎶♥️
This reminds me of the Wild Thoughts video .... IM HERE FOR IT 😍🙌🏽
#502STANDUP GO SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL FOR THE LATEST DROPS ON LOCAL MUSIC!!
All the women in this video are black, way to go Bryson 😀💓
Who's here before 2 million views? ❤️
Hey I hope you enjoy this new video! Some 370 of you got to see this early as I accidentally pressed the button that I didn't mean to press so the video was live for about a minute this morning, but here's the real version!\n\nMake sure to check out Squarespace because this video *literally* would not have happened without their support.
Train prices in the UK are ballooning so much that in some routes I've travelled it's cheaper already by the plane.\nFlybe Manchester to Southampton for instance.
May I know where the source list is?
I hate to burst your bubble, but trains tickets will always be cheaper than train tickets, because more customers will be en route, at ANY given time on a train route, compared to an airplane route.  Higher turnover means more $ for the company, and lower costing tickets...
A321 will fill this gap. The A320 was designed to have bigger capacity and longer range than the 737. The 737 Max is exactly that - maxed, can be made no larger, it's already a freak as it is and that's why it's not selling. The A320 can be easily stretched to create an A321 Neo.
European aviation channels typically talk about Airbus, just as Americans typically talk about Boeing. Do any of you people THINK before you complain or does it just come naturally to bitch about the most trivial shit?
Planes will have to become electric in the next 50 years because we're gonna run out of oil. The future is exciting, who will make the best electric planes? Tesla??
This channel is getting known, Wendover! I knew it would blow up. Keep up the great work :)
I'm surprised you didn't mention how the 757 market is now shifting towards freighters in order to account for the more modern aircraft that airlines are using. I'm not a betting man, but I would be willing to lay my chips down on the fact that more 757s are freighters than they are passenger aircraft these days.
So the 797 is essentially a redesigned, revamped 767?
Awesome vid thanks for clearing up a lot of misconceptions I had
nothing will be like the 757
I'd actually challenge what you said at 7:04. London to Edinburgh is much cheaper, fast and more convenient by plane.
can you convert the miles into Toyota Corollas please? thank you
Was wondering if you receive paid advertisements from Boeing? From your positioning of Boeing v.s. Airbus, you seem to have a bias? :)
Great video! Very informative, very interesting
I'm a simple man. I see wendover prod plane video I click like.
I think we're more likely to start using synthetic fuels in aircrafts than to have commerical electric planes...
9:09 what airport is that? looks Brazilian
Thanks for this video. Interesting, Boeing 797 will open new horizont.
I was at Boeing during the 767, 757 project.  Boeing should get in to Vac  Trains like Dr. Goddard , Patent 2511979A .
Stupid american. Airbus is 1000 times better than boeing
Y do u keep sayin from the British isles and then Shannon pops up.shannon is in Ireland and we ar NOT a part of the British isles
Planes of the future = no Muslims the future is coming people the future is coming!
Airbus A-380 Can go from Dubai to New York..
A YouTube video about aircraft that actually uses imagery of the aircraft they are actually talking about <3
They should think billions of times cos there is no other planes the next plane will only be 780
America centric what about Avro and airbus
It interesting that Boeing are still focusing on this North American trans-Atlantic route, when the fastest growing region in the world is Asia.  Basically they are thinking about building the craft of tomorrow for the heavily congested routes of yester year. Aircraft  of the future will be driven by what the airlines demand and Boeing should be thinking about building craft that can serve North America to Asia route or Middle Eastern to Asia routes.
The video seems focused only on Boeing. What about Airbus, Bombardier
Can't we all agree that we all want the same thing out of an aircraft?... NO MIDDLE SEAT!
So you land the electric plane and it has to charge for 12 hours??
Another great video. Really appreciate your content, and the high production level it contains!
I love your channel too much that I have seen every single of your video. Twice. Hahaha. Such a powerful information! Very well done!!!#aviation #avgeek x
I see wendover's plane fetish is back.
Yeah i don't think hyperloop is going to be a threat to the air line industry.
That Airbus deal was pure politics.
dude oil prices arnt going to go up that much and they can still make engines more efficient than there current destine by at least 20% more than what the current new  engines destines are. we are still real far off from any electric plans made for travel
Im suprised people still fly united.
The 757 <3 My all time favorite
Could you make a Video about ReColonizing Africa in order to help them advance ? SInce yeah I guess the Congo is a good example why i suggest such a thing (Minus the Slavery part of course)
Oh hey, its Chinese Sellout Productions in my Feed! Just asking, whens the video on the awesome working conditions in glorious north korea coming out?
Hydrogen fuel cell planes or electric planes that don't depend on the shitty batteries the cars use.
don't planes generally fly over clouds, and in the daytime. put solar on electric planes and extend there travel time
I hope they use electric planes as soon as possible. Using alle the oil until its get expensive as hell, they can go away from oil and let it people who don't have the money to change (heating with oil as example). Sure the big step is to produce a battery that is lighter than a li-ion. There is a video on YouTube that explain the physics of a battery and which elements future batteries can use to get lighter and can use for batteries. As example: helium and hydrogen are both the lights elements (even air is heavier) but you can't use it for batteries.\n\nWhen they start early, this is a right sing. I don't know if it worth putting solar panels on a plane but when, it is worth a try for longer routes. When the government fund these type of planes and makes flying on this planes cheaper. When people don't care if they need 2 hours (or even longer) longer across the Atlantic but they can save money, they will use it. They can use these planes until better batteries are on the market. When the hyperloop comes, planes can lose a lot of passangers. Sure transatlantic routes will take a lot of time until it's build and consumes a lot of money and probably will never come.
Please speak slower, you are hard to understand for not native English speakers
Batteries have nowhere near the energy density of jet fuel (nearly 60 times less) and weight is the limiting factor in aircraft performance and efficiency.  Add in the fact that conventional aircraft get more efficient as fuel is burned off while electric aircraft have to lug around dead weight in the form of expended batteries, and I don't see how electric aircraft can ever compete, even on short flights.  Maybe we'll see the electric aircraft of the future dropping AA's via parachute as it uses them up, then at least it might have a chance.
Hi Wendover, one thing you didn't address in this video is the additional strain that large numbers of regional electric plane routes would put on existing airports. For example, Heathrow runs at almost full capacity right now, so if the trains from Edinburgh were replaced by electric planes, where would they land? And what effect would this have on price, efficiency, etc? Thanks
I've still never flew on a plane before :(
today the biggest time and comfort consumer isn't the plane, it's getting to and from the plane. i'd like to hear your analysis and suggestions for what to do about airports. the airport is not even sort of close to where we live nor the place we want to get to which means long drives or train hops. we also spend more time waiting than actually flying. waiting for bag scanning, waiting for check in, waiting to get through security, waiting at customs, waiting in the lounge while other board, waiting in the queue to take off, then again at the other end.\nwhy aren't there more airports and better designed? multiple security checkpoints spread throughout rather than just one you have to walk to, wait at, then walk again all the way to your gate. why is there only one boarding bridge? planes have plenty of doors, why don't we board from at least 4 doors at once? and so on. some of it is costs, but then just sitting at the airport is also very expensive, and airport size could be reduced by half if passenger throughput was increased by reducing waiting time by half - if people need to spend 2 hours at an airport rather than 1 hour, there will be twice as many people and planes at the airport.
blah blah blah double amount of oil price, blah.\nThis is way too general, you cannot even draw the right route across the arctic from london to L.A.
I wouldn't call electric engines weak. Quite the opposite really.
If the 797 has as many problems as the 787 did when if first came out then I don't think it'll do as good as if airbus were to make a new medium range aircraft
hey one question: the 767 or the a330 could replace the 757 or is there something wrong how i think ? or are they too similar to the larger, more long-haul flying planes like 350 or 787 ?
also I think airport taxes are the number 1 cost
or just make a teleporter!!!!
Should share this with bombardier, haha
We went from the Concorde to this ...
Now we need real life lore to make “What’s the future of Toyota Corollas”
6:31 in a video where you calculated all the costs that go into an airplane ticket you stated otherwise...
Can you please make a video about Cryptocurrency? Maybe you can explain it clearly. I just love how you make videos.
I want to put some things out there:\n-Airbus and Boeing both make planes.\n-Airbus and Boeing's planes both fly people to places.\n-Airbus lacks a middle-of-market plan.\n-Addressing the fact that Airbus lack a plan for a mid-market aircraft does not make one a Boeing Fanboy and does not equate to hating Airbus.
Electric aircraft won't dominate short-haul markets if high-speed rail or the Hyperloop ever find their footing.  Airport-security makes flying MUCH less convenient, stressful and slower for most people, and the only reason airlines can compete on cost with trains is because airlines are HEAVILY subsidized by the government (government pays for airport security, for national aviation agencies, for many safety inspections, for flight marshals, and numerous other costs.  If governments wizen up and invest in Hyperloops instead, they will save ENORMOUS amounts of money vs. subsidizing airlines...)  Also, trains are more energy-efficient than even electric aircraft (which is good for the environment) and can easily go electric by adding a third rail to their tracks.  The driving factor of trains' costs is labor- which means trains not only generate a lot more jobs (good for the economy and politicians), but their costs could easily go down with automation or the elimination of the Minimum Wage (which could be compensated for with wage-subsidies or a Universal Basic Income...)
Hyperloop
Electric motors. Technically, engines chemically changes the input to produce motion, whereas motors do not. Hence, fuel engines, electric motors.
I was on the airbus secondary school experience
The train from Edinburgh to London costs about 5000 pounds, great video but its cheaper to fly than take the train in the UK/Ireland
A world without oil. We will never run out.
How about remake the 757
The only thing we need for better electric vehicles is a better battery technology.
So electric planes... Does that also mean we get propellors back?? Those were the most beautiful...
You could make a second channel for aircraft. Call it Wendover Airlines.
Bend over productions
A321LR.
hypper loop will never work
Lets recycle old 747 then 😜
The 757 is the sexiest
Wendower production= plane orgasm
Airbus masterrace
This is not 797
What about Lapcat?
3:54 WHAT A SHOT!!
Great concept!
Stop copying cold fusion hodts accent
>Hyperloop\nSomeone get thunderf00t in here
797
a 797 won't be popular, just like the A318, as it's body is too wide for it's length, but the same passenger capacity Embraer 190/195 is very popular, becaus of it's thin body, it's way more economical, so a stretched A321 like an A322 will be the best solution as the A321 is almost identical to the 757-200 in terms of specs like MTOW and PAX, just Airbus needs to understand that, the NEO series would have been the perfect opportunity for that, slightly more powerful engines, twin axle main landing gear, as they offered sometimes for markets like India, for landing on bad runways and improved wings.
The 767 can be flown from NY to Buenos Aires 11 hour flight. No need for this upgrade to a 797.
The 3 times that I've flown on Air Canada in the past 3 years, it's been on an Airbus A310
We're decades away from electric planes.
Bombardier new CS100 series aims at that market i think , and the plane is already starting its service.
You seem to like Boeing like Verge loves Apple products.
Mid-air fucking refueling. How hard is it.
I wonder if it would make sense for Boeing to make a shorter version of the 787, say a 787-7?
unsuscribed at 6:28
We had a plane of the futute. It was called the Concorde - and the Americans ruined it. Wouldnt be the first thing they ruined.
What about the CSeries (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombardier_CSeries) from Bombardier?
there's a Chinese plane too: why wasn't it mentioned?
For some reason I get uncomfortable when I see how long the 757-300 is.
The 752 is an incredible craft. I cannot understand why Boeing didn't remake it with composite materials and the new engines available on the market to make a fast upgrade with (comparatively) low development costs.
I can't wait until everyone watches this movie and it turns into this weird horror movie thriller halfway through
I wouldn't be surprised if Matt Damon get's stuck somewhere in the small world and the U.S government has to spend millions trying to get him home.
My Lord. I love an original idea.
My mind is tainted by the micro/macrophilia on tumblr and with this trailer that is all i can think about and thats horrible
I remember when they filmed part of this in Omaha where I live. You would not have thought it was a futuristic sci fi film
Thank the lord for a more creative theme for a movie not just a sequel or based off best seller
interesting... will pass on the movie though... done with Hollywood leftists
This is kind of horrifying
I was kinda waiting for it to be a fad and they all got left behind lol
How ignorant can a human become?  Let's think about this from a REALITY perspective shall we?  What happens when our SIZE becomes smaller than most mammals or animals?  We become lower on the food chain.  No longer are ants smaller than us but someone who we would have to fight against to survive.  How about mice, rats, raccoons, opossums, birds, insects and that is just for the land not even going to go into aquatic animals.  Sorry, this science-fiction is absolute ludicrous and FAILS AT EVERY LEVEL OF USING OUR BRAINS FOR SOMETHING MORE THAN A SONOGRAM.  STUPID CONCEPT!
A movie that feels fresh? Jesus what a revelation, also appreciate Matt Damon moving into more quirky roles these days
they are going to have a problem with the surface tension of the water
Reminds me of The Incredible Shrinking Woman from the 80s.
It looks very interesting.
I think Hank Pym can solve that resizing issue
Hank Pym is going to go nuts when he finds out his Pym Particles have been discovered
Watching this trailer is bringing me physical pain.
So Hollywood finally made a prequel to Attack On Titan. It was about time to tap that honey pot.
Wow, the premise really makes sense, you really could have a lot more if you were shrunk! It also makes you curious, what will be the plot of the movie, what will be the conflict? Kudos to this movie for looking interesting and original!
Finale a movie about the real problem of population control, even if it's more satire
Great idea for a film. This can be taken in many different directions.
I'm not sure what to respond, it's amusing and I like #MattDamon
This actually looks interesting. Going to have to give it a go but I'm guessing there's going to be a 3rd act problem and not everything is as rosy as it seems but they'll wind up making the best of it in the end.
would be great if Ant-Man payed them a visit XD ;)
Wouldnt people not care about someone they can squish tho
I've read the book they die in the end when they are on the boat because of giant leeches
How do they not get stepped on by normal sized people?
What about bugs/animals\n\nWhat if it rains,\n\nAlso why would $50.000 translate to $12.5mil \nWouldnt it be more since you could just buy some doll house and live in it or whatsver\nFood would be cheap af since for example, 1 M&M will be enough chocolate for ages, if you buy packet of crisps aka pototo chips 1 chip could probably feed a family for a week
Dave Johnson and Carol ....\nNice reference (∩＿∩)
convincing white people they are overpopulating, when they currently have irreversibly low birth rates. this is propaganda, only countries like India and china are overpopulated.
Why'd need to shave his head, but the women didn't?
Oh no ant man is now become useless!!!
It looks like his wife doesn't go with him. Either that, or she dies in the process.
Has that under the dome feel
Well there's gotta be some kind of a bad guy or a horrible conflict to overcome lol... Or just all rainbows and unicorns? 😍🤗🐣
Honey I shrunked everyone.
Eagles would love us!
Nat Namon
ZENTRADI!
Song?
Kinda strange and worrisome
NPH!
This trailer has peaked my curiosity
How would prices change
Gun grabber matt damon, I'll pass. Signed, deplorable me.
Soros approves this
1 word. Spider.
wow
Matt Damon!
Lol you just lowered yourself even farther down the food chain. Now you get to worry about rodents and large insect... I still do it though.
When the Pym Particles were not used for crime-fighting...
I could pick nits on a dozen scientific inaccuracies, but instead I'll just say this looks fun. And I haven't thought that about a movie   in a long time.
Less is more , war is peace , black is good.
Now here's a movie I think I'll actually pay too see!,...be kinda cool if Lilly Tomlin shows up too. 😗
Overpopulation is a hyped-up problem. There are plenty of resources to serve everybody if there are peaceful and not centrally planned methods of organizing society in place.\n\nFitting, isn't it, that the solution is making people smaller (metaphor for shame and cowardice)?
Did you set it to wumbo?
Who else it waiting to watch this movie as deep down inside we really want to see the down side, such as a cat grab someone and you know, or even a spider or something LOL.
I really want to see that😂😂
Dave Johnson and Carol\n\nCave Johnson and Caroline.\n\nwoah, I was also getting Portal vibes from that music too.
This is either going to be really good or horrendously bad.
This looks really good. Plus I love Kristen Wiig and Matt Damon...excited to see them work together
I almost died when they were getting scooped with a spatula like little sausages
Do they also downsize the animals? What if you want to downsize your dog?
Wait what about natural disasters it would wipe out the human race
Was hoping  for some kind of mayhem of someone to get stepped on :(
Well, at least it's not about identify politics and SJW topics
Something this happy will end up bad.
this is so strangely compelling!!!!!!
the song for anyone curious https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iof5pRAIZmw
This trailer looks like a thriller movie
My first thought : But what about Spiders?
What is this a Story for ants?
Insects. What do they do about the indents?
This would make sense considering it's always westerners who have to pay for world problems. Let's open our borders and let everyone in while Muslim countries would never take in Millions of Westerners and they wouldn't let us practice our faith and culture. Let's have less kids while Muslims have an average of 8 children per family, sure why not let them breed us out. And hey let's shrink so ISIS can flatten us 😂😂😂 Suicidal globalists.
then the family cat eats you
Jew spottes at 1:21  this is not going to end well
All this shrinking tech and the use it to downsize humans. Making nano tech would be so much easier.
Um.. this would be more interesting if they were attacked by spiders, flys, mosquitoes, bats.. you name it.
What's the point, where's the conflict? I don't get it.
So where's ANT MAN!?
This is like a Black Mirror episode
you do realize that a human at that size would produce 80 times more heat then they can vent and pretty much melt instantly?  why is this classified as science fiction and not science fantasy O_o
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids meets The Truman Show; looks like a winner!
Wait a second did Hollywood actually just pull a new concept for movie out of their bag of sequels and remakes I'm shocked
lmao this trailer suprised me. I thought it was going to be bullshit but this looks so interesting
After reading Michael Crichton's posthumous novel Micro, there's no way in Hell I'd trade my rung on the food chain ladder and be at the mercy of centerpedes, spiders, ants, etc. The levels of voracious savagery present within the smaller world makes a pride of lions tearing apart a baby zebra, alive, look like a tea party. \nNo thanks. \nI probably will go see the movie though.
KONGRE MERKEZİ ne alaka yav :)
what is song?
Sadly cant go to see this KRISTEN WIGG SJW
Honey...I shrank Matt Damon!
What about ants?
Before downsizing human, can you please downsize spiders, cockroaches, ants...
I'M TINY RICKKK
Robotech .......... 🤔
looks fucking shit
Honey I shrunk the kids!!!
0:07'de KONGRE MERKEZİ yazıyor la
Looks dope and original but the science doesn’t check out at all.
Does this movie have actually any plot?
People all talking about giant bugs being the biggest threat to a downsized person but what happens when you're giant and angry ex-girlfriend shows up?
I love how she was asking if the host's dad is ok after the cancer. Shows she really cares about people even interviewers and not just focusing on talking about herself! :)
What's really respectable is she only talked about rejecting her writing credit for one of her biggest hits (My Life Would Suck) because she was directly asked about it, she wasn't trying to brag or show off but just bring light to an issue that is very important and relevant in the music world.
Kelly Clarkson didn't want her name near Dr. Luke. So she lost out on thousands maybe even millions for her writing credit. That speaks volumes!👌🏼
9:10 Dr. Luke's part
Amazing woman! Her ideals are really strong.
I love you Kelly.
Whoah! I'm too early!\nFirst comment? LOL\n\nKelly though...this was a fun interview and I love Kelly so much!
kelly is a motherfucking womam!!!
Mad respect for her.
Kellegendary Clarkslay. Classy woman. So sincere. I love that she answered the Dr. Luke question, most people would've dodged it.
Yasss miss kelly we stan
I admire the fact that she said singers change an existing  song slightly and then will request a writing credit on a song which implies to the listener that they may have had a bigger part in writing the song than they actually did. I've listened to so many songs with artists having their  name in the writing credits and  years later I hear the recorded demo of the song with the true writer.
Kelly is incredibly talented, classy, modest, gorgeous woman, and this is where I could continue, but.... Thank you for being honest about Idol and Dr Luke
i really enjoy this radio host- this is the first time i've heard of him (im australian) and honestly i've never seen someone so interested and whole-heartedly enthusiastic about his job or his opinions or anything like that. props to you dude
She is such an amazing person. My favorite singer EVER!
I have always liked her
Love her!
RIP Eric the Actor
Why didn't she take the writing credit and just donate the proceeds to charity? Instead the money just went to Dr. Luke and/or her label...
Fat
i'm scared of what shes gonna be like in 6 years maybe... hopefully she'll still be happy
Who had thought that this was a song called just the beginning?
Grace you are so inspiring, and you are truly my role model and idol  (I'm older than you btw). Don't ever change. You are, perfectly imperfect (see what I did there?)\n\n\n\nps 0:29= dab
#TheBestSinger, She is beautiful young lady and have more talent. Bravo Grace..... 👏👏👏
SO TALENTED. YOU HAVE A GIFT 💕💕💕
There's never an ending to a great story, and every story is magnificent.
Little body with big voice 😍😍😍😍
Im fans you from Indonesia
Love your music 🎶😘😘😘 so much keep up the great work
love your songs, you are amazing!
Grace thank you very much for gracing us your epic songs and keep inspiring :)
we all wish you the best of luck with the rest of your career. we'll be here supporting ya the whole way 😉
Who's here before 10K?
And thank you for inspiring us! (:
Her jawline is to die for 😍
The best part was that beginning CHICKEN BUTT
hey grace i love your music and i know that you will do great things i wish that will end up seeing each other and we could do musi with each other becouse im  a singer too and i would love to sing on stage just like you im happy for you and love your music
YOU HAVE COME SO FAR, YOU DESERVE IT, AND I AM SO HAPPY AND PROUD!😍😍😍😭😭😭😭😝😝☺️☺️
My love. You're incredible and an inspiration to all young and old
You‘re an amazing, charming and very talented lady. You got a fan and admirer right here. Wish you all the best, Grace. \nP.S: Greetings from Brazil! ;-)
💖💖💖 she is so beautiful and I love her music 😭🙌🏾
I love Grace VanderWaal mostly because she's my age, she has AMAZING music, and we have the same name. (If you didn't realize by now my real name isn't Vinyl)
OH MY GOD. I AM PUMPED.
I love Grace so much, love her music
I LOVE HER SO MUCH IM TEARING UP JEEEESSUUUUSSSSS
Grace is such an inspiration ❤️
Been a fanderwaal since the beginning
I love you so much I've been here since ure first audition❤️
Chicken butt just might be the best thing to ever happen to music. I can see so many icons saying this.
You just upload a video in 15 september, today is Mexico's independence ❤️ It'a like a present!!! 💙🌟 Iove You \n\n\n\n¡Viva México! 
Grace I love your voice and songs u are so grate and so unique and u have a givet
So excited for this album!!!! #FanderWall
I love your music grace!
Grace I love you I'm 13 in middle and I can't sing like you you are a STAR white more than a star you are just a inspiration to every one I voted for you please Hart comment ps never give up watch Roman Atwood vlogs
I love you grace!
I'm really proud on how she became! Her miracle happened! I love her so much 💕💕
I love you so much Grace !!❤
Grace you inspire me so much i have loved you since 2016 keep up the good work also I am 1000000000% sure Grace is not going to read this. Love ya❤❤
Challenge, the video mentions her awards, Disney and Teen Choice.\nI noticed that the winners got surf boards.  Did Grace get one?  She never\nspoke of it.  I don't know if she got anything.  Does anyone?  Anyone?\nColin Cloud?  Who is up for the challenge to find out?
Guess what?\nWhat?\nCHICKEN BUTT!!\n😂😂\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLove you Grace
i love you so much omg
Omg, Grace this is just the beginning....  I really can't wait for more bright future ahead I love you Grace...
Greatings from Peru ! I love u grace ! Te amamos grace !
You are the best pop artist grace
Yes and know you will do better things and get things done because this is just the beginning for you grace you have so much more to go and I know you can do it because your amazing grace. Btw love you ❤
I JUST WANT HER HAIR
So talented, so beautiful, so funny, I love you Graceeeee, U R AMAZINGGG, u have big future. 💞\n\n\nfrom Venezuela.
I feel like i'm on the way to become Fanderwaal, i love her 🖤  can't wait to the album 👌\nSorry for english
We're gonna watch her grow up and look back at this moment c:
shes gonna be the next big selena or Taylor or smth big
Oh my goodness grace no thank you you saved my life thank you
Here is a miracle. A pure, beautiful, amazing talented miracle. I know this sounds cheesy but grace your my absolute favorite singer EVEH! As an 11, you always remind me anything is possible and never to give up! Your the best grace! (Told ya it would be cheesy)
When you've already bought Moonlight and Sick of being told but your gonna buy the album anyway because it's worth paying double 💖
You go Grace! God Bless! 💙 From Illinois! 💙Christelle💙
What if grace and twenty one pilots did a song together
Awww.... we'll be there for you grace.
MEU DEUS EU TE AMO DE MAIS,TU É FÓDA!!!! 💓💓💓💓
Venha me visitar no Brasil
Grace is perfect
I cry evertim.
I love u grace #Fanderwaal 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
#FANDERWALL
Aww I love you Grace ❤️
Omg💓💓💓
*GUESS WHAT?*\nwhat\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*CHICKEN BUTT! :3*
Love you 💗💗💗💗
❤❤
E
GO GRACE
I <3 u grace
I LOVE YOU💖💖💖
chICKEN bUTT
AIIIII mds
Love ya girl ❤️❤️❤️
aw Your so precious
PREFORM AT THE AMWAY CENTER!!!!!
I Love song!!!
Vc canta muito bem❤️
Your my idol babe keep flying ❤️❤️❤️
New video
Te amo Grace❤
<3
AW ❤
I love youuuu😍
omfg I loved the beginning!!lmfao
debut album at 13, dang
Nice
Love her sm <3
💞💗💘💖💓💕
that Dab was on fleek
Amo você Grace 😍😍😍😍
😍😍😂
aww omg i love thisss
めっちゃかわいい😳❤️❤️
0:28 that dab tho
Love You Beautiful ❤💕
I leve you
Grace soy tu admiradora me gustan tus canciones ,eres fantastica
like si ablas español y igual tratas de leer los comentarios \njajajaja\n😂😂😂😂
If you are reading this I hope you follow your dreams!#goals
Watching this weirdly enough comforted me. Been crying since my other half is traveling for 3 weeks from today and anxiety has kicked in (the whole what if this happens to him? Or omg what if he doesn't come back). So thank you for this. It really calmed me 🙂
This is BRILLIANT!!! What a awesome idea, thank you. I'm getting my boys and doing this RIGHT now lol. And my dogs as well and my mouse..
I had to say goodbye to my gorgeous baby hammy today and I'm feeling pretty devastated. This video was precious, and really soothed me.🐹✨😘
oh goodness i'm crying at that little card, so cute!!
Aw I want a little Louie! I'm warming to rats since watching your videos 😊 just need to find rats from a nice home or place first xx
This is an adorable idea... I think I know what my little rat is doing this weekend.
I looooooooove the colours of the blue/ green/ gold one!!
What a great idea! I'll have to do this with my kitties!
yup, definitely doing this tonight with my girls. I don't have food coloring but I think beetroot juice and some butterfly pea tea will do just fine.
Kiera- I need to thank you so so so much for this video. 1)i love rats 2) your painting was so good so so nice. This idea made me tear up a little, because its so much more than a picture. It's something ur little rat touched and made. I will do this with my pets. <3
I misread this as painting WITH ratson, idea for better video
This was such a lovely video :') <3
Such a beautiful video!\nWhat brand of watercolor paint do you use? Where did you get your water color brush(es)?
You are such a lovely human. I'd love to drink tea with you and have ratty cuddles xx
Aw, what a well behaved stamp indeed! I'm not sure if it would require too much pressure, but maybe imprint his paws in some clay?
I did this with my hamster and I ended up just diluting the food coloring with water and soaking a paper towel with the mixture. That way he could just keep running though the colors and on to the paper. Worked really nicely and didn't fade! If you try it again I recommend this method ❤️
This was such a precious idea! 💕\n\nI was also a rat mother for three years. My little man's name was Moon and I plan on getting a tattoo for him in the near future. He had two sisters, Starlight and Dreamer, but they did not make it because they were weened off of their mother too early. Moon was a fighter and he made it, then he made my life grand. My father originally got them as food for one of our reptiles, but they were just too cute and my father then switched all of our lizard's food to frozen mice, eggs, and crickets. Moon came into my life at a really important time, I was 17 years-old and had gotten some bad news about my health. So he made me a mother and he was the best pet ever. I wish I had done a cute little art project like this with him.\n\nThank you so much for sharing your and Louie's adventures and love with us. ❤️
This is such a lovely video :) my girlfriend and I have 4 rats, Kronos, Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. I've been looking for a gift idea for her and she happens to adore the rats, so this is something I could give her as a gift :)
Oh goodness, his feet are SO CUTE!
Beautiful! Loved this idea! Makes me want to do this with my corgi.
I love this so much, ratties are such beautiful little creatures, and it's wonderful to see I'm not the only one who's a crazy rat mumma! So adorable ❤️
Maybe just test out the non toxic paints before you subject Lou to it haha. Test it on the paper you intend to use and nail polishes or other clear preservatives over top to see if it holds. (I never think of this shit before I try new things either) I thought you were going to lay down a cardboard maze with the paper underneath it with a thin layer of paint near the beginning which he would track through. You could make one cardboard maze, rotate it, put a different paint near the start, and even if you didn't get good prints you would have paint scuffles that have an artistic winding to them. \n\nMy personal anecdote related to paw painting: I was in the living room of a rental painting with India ink on the table. I don't even remember what I was drawing! So I finish up, mostly clean up and go take a shower. I never know what to do with the remaining watered down India ink. I'm not going to pour it back in but it seems a waste to toss it. So I left it out on the table. I go into my room after my shower and realize my cat, who never does this, is under my bed. He seems distressed. I realize there's a few India ink paw print tracks in my room and the living room and the table. It made me laugh so much. I managed to clean it all up, except for a blurred par print on the stone of the propane fireplace. So he left his mark there. (And I did get my deposit back). I almost wish he had tracked it over paper so I could have kept it. He also luckily didn't get sick. It was pretty cute to see him ashamed. It was so unusual and so interesting that he seemed to grasp the concept that he did something wrong.
Inhuman screeching
I had a big ol' smile the entire time I watched this video! What an adorable idea!! <3
Omg that is such a good idea! I might do that with my kitty, probably have to leave a trail of treats for her to do it but it'd be fun. \nWish we did that for my sister's and my previous pet ratties and miceys. Sadly my sister's eldest rat Jerry passed away this evening :( Lou reminds me alot of him actually, such a cutie pie he was. He's in ratty heaven now with his brother Ben (they was names after the brand Ben & Jerrys icecream).
This is so sweet! Such a lovely idea, I might have to have a go with my pets... although the horse will be rather interesting to do...
I started with a hamster, and I have mice now... but it's gonna have to be ratties next! I love him!!!! <3
This is so precious I'm crying aaaaa it came out so well 😭❤️
This video is so precious! I love it! (^_^)
you are sooooo creative :) you have to get one of your leaf drawings tattooed
That is the cutest bloody thing! 💕
LOVED this video! It was so sweet to see such a special moment between you and Louis. :) Perhaps my favorite video of yours all year! <3
More painting with Louis! I love it
I love all your videos but this is just so cute, it's such an original idea as well 😊❤️
I was just going to add next time maybe just mash up some blueberries and raspberries to use as paints? It would have more of a watercolor effect but could be more effective when drying and safe for little bean to lick himself clean! :D Loved this video and I want to try it with my boys now too <3 xo
I am gonna do this with my rats! 💖🐀
Watching this with my 4 rattos clambering over me. Must try something similar, they're really lovely.
Next time you could try using really well mashed blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, or pomegranates. All of them should be completely safe for him to eat and they stain really well. I've tried painting with them before and would recommend doing a test on paper to see what you like most because the colors will change as they dry. They might stain his fur for a bit though.
Painted by Lou and mum 😭 that is the cutest!!! Xx
This is such a sweet and creative idea! Lou is so adorable, such a sweet little rat 🐀. They look awesome and I love the little card 🌟. Such a cute picture 💖.
This is the most precious thing I've ever seen I would buy these pieces done by a beauty and a bean ❤️
this is the best video i've ever seen
oh my goooooood. i wanna do this with my babies. but they are not as keen on being held without having their feet supported... so cute <3
this is a great idea. not sure my recent boys will like getting painty feet...hmmmm
your rattie art is gorgeous ! i managed to get footprints in that foamy air drying clay that u use for babies handprints of my two g.pig boys Pumpkin and Erik.
Such a cute idea! I wish I were as creative as you are. Would love to have something similar from my dog, Molly ❤️
I love this idea! So cute, I tried doing this with my ratties when they were little using kids paint, it didn't work very well because they were very frantic little beans running about, but kids paint is non-toxic so that might be an option to use if you try again?  🐀❤️
RATTIESSS!\nI love all your videos but your rattie videos are my fave <3
I just saw the 5 seconds that play when you hover over a video and my heart just melted and I exploded in 'AWWWHH's when I saw little bean painting!! <3 now ill actually have to carry on watching!
Try using hair spray over the prints. 😊
Hey Kiera I'm an artist so I thought I'd help. Paint needs a binder to stick, otherwise it will flake off once totally dry (which takes time). If you use just food coloring it will dust off a little, but most of it will actually absorb into the paper (if you are using cheap poreus paper which for this rat friendly project is likely the best idea. If you'd like literal paint, rather then in ink (which food colouring can fall under)  try priming a canvas with chalk based gesso, and making an egg tempera but with food coloring instead of other not so safe to eat pigments!!
I want to try this with my cat and my 3 dogs. Maybe I should put different colours on each one 😍 This is such a bloody wholesome video, I love it so much!
I don't know if my rats will stay still enough for me to stamp them but this is such a great idea! I think I'm gonna try making some pressed flower art with rattie stamps
I love your painting videos they relax me so much :D this is such a cute idea, too! Wish I'd have done something similar with my cat before he passed away, memories are so important! x
Pooing in front of it means he is claiming it as his!  Heehee!
could you make a tutorial on how you make those cards and photoshop and stuff. it looks great. congrats
You could always replace the orange one with a nice close-up pic of Louis ❤
OMG i don't like rats, but your Louie is so cute and sweet 🤗
This is so sweet <3
This was so beautiful Kiera! The green one really did come out so lovely and maybe use a different color next time if you go over the orange one? But you'll approach it how you feel most comfortable doing it and I hope to see it sometime. But either way watching this really helped my mood today. My cycle is in the works so I can get a little bit moody and some days I don't feel like being at work and I feel like napping. But nonetheless this was wonderfully timed and a complete pleasure to watch! Little bean is so talented! Just gets it from his mum ;3
aw now im going to do this with my boys!!! thanks for the idea!
was eating chocolate while he did a little poo, not sure i want it now hahaha. such a cute video though :)
Lou-bean is such a cutie!! He's such a happy guy too 💕
I am going to have to do this with my pigeon!
awww this is so sweet!! what a talented little bean! I want to do this with my two girls now :') <3
I'm crying this is so cute!!! You are such a great rattie mum! Staying home to be with him is the sweetest :))))))
Louie looks like Dewey from Malcolm in the Middle
I used fimo clay (which you can bake) to make my rats paw prints.\nI softened the clay really well (you can get a specific clay softer, but I just used my hands) dunked their feet in flour and 'stamped' them. Really quick and you can turn the prints into a necklace charm!
You're on the trending! This is so cute, I've been waiting for another rat video for ages!💗
Oh my god the whole time I just wanted to give Louie kisses and scratches! Such a good lil stamp 😍🐭 I want to try this with my masked dumbo Nugget!
Matt the fat rat
Issa rat
Yucky rat!
Awwww
So lovely and youre so inventive Kiera! :D x
Sooo cute
This is soooo cute! Louinardo DaVinci, haha 😂👌❤
They're such cute misunderstood animals ❤️
Adorable, great job!!!!!\n         🐈☮🕉
aww how cute 😊😁Louie is so adorable !
💜💚💜
I love your pint
So adorable!
This is so precious omg ❤️❤️❤️
Awww, what a cutie!
Brilliant idea! ❤💚
Tattoo idea: Paw Print ???
Großartige Idee 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Louie is my favourite rat ❤❤💕
aww so cute. rats are really underrated pets
Can someone please explain to me how this is trending? Only has 11k views
your rat really needs another rat friend. im sure you can find another male around the same age.
Please tell me where you got that frame from? Iv been looking for one just like it to put pictures in from when me and my boyfriend went on the Harry Potter tour. Thank you!
I think it would be fine to use a non-toxic paint and pop him straight in the bath afterwards. It's such a sweet idea and such a special thing to have, it's a shame for them to fade away. How old is Louis? He's such a gorgeous boy and looks so young and spry.
Is he a dumbo rat? I LOVE his floppy ears
I hope Louie lives forever! 😘
omg... all of the other rats passed away i am sooo sorry i literally starting sobbing once i heard that i loved ur pet rats sm now i feel bad for always saying more rat videos more rat videos i am so sorryyyy ;((((((((((
Hi, question: How do you balance mental health with working from home? I recently started working as an artist from home but it's been really hard on my mental health. I have a hard time keeping up with my goals and responsibilities. Do you have any tips for success?\nAt least I've got three ratties as motivation and inspiration :)
JonTron Video with 300,000 Views in 50 Minutes = Nowhere on the Trending Page\n14,000 Views in 2 Days = 16 On the Trending Page\n\nOut of curiosity, how much *does* is cost to bribe YouTube to be on the Trending Page?
Nothing against you but, why do you call an animal your son, you know it's not. If you wanna have a son go and make yourself a proper one.
Man, this is awful.
Remember everything that made Back to the Shack and the White Album great?\n\nNeither does Rivers.
I feel like I'm in an abusive relationship with Weezer. They made me fall in love with them for 7 years then they started beating me. They'd apologize and buy me flowers and I'd believe them...until the next album when they pushed me down the stairs. And I'd keep coming home to them. And they would apologize, and I'd take them back. This time though, I'm finally packing and leaving. It's been a long 24 years, but all good things come to an end.
This is just really disappointing, their last 3 singles have all been bad!
It grows on you, but the lyrics are still weird. Makin' my eyes get moist.
Good. Not as good as Feels Like Summer which is excellent but much better than Mexican Fender which is a bit throwaway. New album will probably be OK but I loved White so will probably feel a little let down. We'll see I guess!
My first ever hit of The Beach Boys. Combined with a werewolf. What's not to love?\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeVEbbheUck
I was hoping it would sound like the Beach Boys - like Surf Wax America sort of did....
ugh...make believe had like three good songs on it...after that--it's just sad. sorry.
Weezer just might be the worst band ever.
RIP the time you could say new Weezer is as good as their old stuff 2014-2016
This is the same band that made Everything Will Be Alright in the end 3 years ago? \nDisappointed...
Its a bit like raditude
How do you go from white to this in 1 year?\n\n\n\n\nFeel free to disagree
Rivers does it again.
I wasn't even born when The Blue Album and Pinkerton came out, but I'm still hoping for another Pinkerton. That is the greatest album to one of my favorite bands that I've ever listened to. I can relate to each song perfectly. These new songs are too much like every other song playing nowadays, no real instruments or deep lyrics. Just random noises and lyrics put together into random places. I want the Weezer with the guitar solos and Rivers' personal lyrics. It's a lot more relatable than the music they're making now. I'll always support them, but I wish they'd go back to the good music.
it's not terrible
Once they release an acoustic version everyone will like it, just watch.
I love Weezer, I love summer, but why do they only make music for this season??
THIS IS FANTASTIC!!!  What an excellent chorus - a real cool ode to Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys!!!  Sweet tune!  Thanks Weezer!!
It's different, I like it
Would like old Weezer sound to come back tbh
TURN IT UP, IT'S THE BEACH BOOOYS\n\nMost obnoxious chorus Weezer has made in a while.
I get some rhcp vibes with the guitar.
Well, I like it. Turn it up, it's weezer!
My eyes get moist with your tribute song!!!
how you gonna make a song called beach boys without sick harmonies
it's alright. i guess.
I don't understand the comments praising this song. I love Weezer to death but as soon I clicked the play button I felt my life force being drained by how utterly boring and predictable this song is. Not to mention some of these lyrics, christ.
I like the Beach Boys sounding part in the second part of the chorus.
So after two decent rock records were back at Ratitude. DAMN YOU Weezer.
ughhh. Foo fighters and Mastodon release awesome albums and Weezer release this. Forget this and go listen to Mastodons new EP; its epic.
Everytime I think Weezer can't come up with a more cringeworthy chorus than Beverly Hills, they release a new song and I realize it's been going downward for more than a decade now. I mean, seriously? Turn it up, it's the Beach Boys? Jesus Christ. So bad. Well, there will always be Blue, Pinkerton, and Green for me.\n\nP.S.: Yes, White had some good moments. That's it though.
I can't believe ... Why they released a song in 2014 saying I forgot that disco sucks ??? It is all lie... Unfortunatelly, I have concluded that =w= is a fake band... they made blue and pinkerton because grunge at that time was yet strong... if disco was strong  at that time, there would not be blue nor pinkenton, but raditude and things like that... sad to say that, but it is true...
Rivers is trolling us all again
This is chill... I love it
The verses have nothing to do with The Beach Boys.
Verse makes up for the chorus, honestly not a bad song, just give it a second listen.
The chorus, to me, is an nice and interesting little tribute. And did any of you catch a couple small Murry Wilson interludes (obviously reenacted)? I did and noticed them right away at first listen. (Murry was the father of the Beach Boys' Brian, Carl, and Dennis Wilson.)
The chorus is like an anti-commercial. If The Beach Boys weren't already one of my favorite bands ever, I would've been turned off from them forever.\n\nBut regardless, the verses and bridge are nice, and I'll still be crankin' dem Beach Boys at the end of the day.
it's a hip hop world\n\njust kill me
This isn't bad, it's just bland, it's so mediocre, it's plain old pop. If I wasn't told it was Weezer I wouldn't know it was them. I'm not asking for another Pinkerton, so tired of people saying that, but even Maladroit and stuff from Red blows this away. I'll take Miss Sweeney or Burndt Jamb over this any day.
Wood wee I dress just like The Beach Boys
As a single, yeah, this is weak. Moist makes me uncomfortable. But this is the same band that at one point put out Pinkerton. So like, maybe the uncomfort is intentional?
Very cool song! Show the Beach Boys some (Mike) love... they helped pioneer Americana rock and got kicked (unfairly) into the nostalgia circuit - for what, not playing for some pot head hippies at Monterey? - despite their 50+ years of recording and touring. Summer's (not!) Gone :)
This track is big step backwards for weezer specially when you look at the quality that was EWBAITE and white.
It is a hip hop world isn't it weezer
Honestly, this would rank as a decent song in my eyes (not conventional Weezer sound, of course). But, it's hard for me to warm up to that chorus. Hopefully it will grow on me.
Guys, it isn't bad! \n\n\n\n\nBut it's not good either.
I like the little jab at Murry Wilson
Is it just me or has Rivers been playing it way too safe for a bit too long now?\nI mean, the music is good. It won't ever not be good. As a whole they're too smart and talented to not produce tunes that are going to make us bob our heads.\nBut it's just the safest music. They're not taking any risks anymore, and due to this, imo, they are lacking the passion that originally brought us to their table.
It'll grow on us. Like Thank God for Girls.
Nice song, imo. I can't wait till the new album! =w=
Sadly, these new songs don't make me buying the new album...
Nice Murry reference at the end. Nothing will ever top his masterpiece album, the many moods of murry wilson.
I really loved the verses to this song....but that fucking chorus man.It's not something anyone is going to sing along to.
Lackluster, like feels like summer. Except this is slightly better than that song. I like Mexican fender. I'm just waiting for the black album at this point
A lot of people were complaining about the chorus but the rest of this is fucking groovy
love the bass the rest is just ok.
This song went from idk about this to my favorite song on the new album so far in seconds flat!
So. Weezer is gonna experiment??? I'm totally ok. I kinda like this tune too
I like it but i miss old weezer 😂😂😂
I don't like it but I don't hate it.
I cant wait for the official acoustic version of this
Hate to say it but it's looking like this is the first Weezer album I pass on, absolutely terrible! !!!!
Cancer
U H
Weezer brought me here
Hey, weren't these the guys that made the blue and white albums and Pinkerton
I wouldn't have so much of a problem with Weezer branching out if their new stuff wasn't so inconsistent.
This is...new to say the least
The bass line on this track is excellent but I think the lyrics and the rest is pretty meh. Weezer is definitely going down a more electronic path I mean maybe in concert this would be a cool song to jump around to but it's definitely not my favorite Weezer sound.
Coming from a huge weezer fan, his isn't your best, guys. Where's the wall of guitar? Quit hanging out at the beach, Rivers. Come back to Cambridge MA and get depressed because that's when you write your best songs.
Here at 46k
BOP
Much.  Better
weezer はスゴイですね。
Mexican fender was alright, but this.. Idk.
Genius!
Radi2de?
Love love love it!
Am I the only one who thinks this is really good?
NEVER FORGET PINKERTON
Pros: Scott's Bass\nCons: chorus.
ahh!! beautiful
JUST
This is awful
damn this sucks. mexican fender was pretty allright tho
not liking it rivers
NICE
so bland
meh
sounding good
Good song
Ok
guitar solo me!
Pacific Daydream, or Nightmare?
I'm literally actually smiling because how good this is. Can't wait to rock this on my record player at the beach =w=
If Weezer is looking to gain new, younger fans, this is not how to do it. I'm a fairly new fan of Weezer, I jumped on the train with the white album, and have since gone through their discography. Their first two releases and the white album are all stellar to me. Why, WHY are they so insistent on pandering to a radio-audience?
i like it
It's alright for Juncker. He's an old man! He can create this shit for a considerable percentage of the world's population, take the money and enjoy it for his last remaining few years. Everybody else is screwed! Why would ANY country want ANY of that shit!?
6k views... how is this trending?
I love Brexiting, I am delighted to be getting away from this horrible shower of Cunts.\nThe pain and unhappyness that has been caused to Remoaners, has also been of great delight to me.
Saying it as it is !!
Brexit has been a disaster.
LOL he is right though, i wish we just did a hard brexit and pay no divorce fee at all, screw them we can trade with every were else.
Comparing the EU to Eastern Europe under the Soviets is actually disgusting. People were massacred in their droves, Matyas Rakosi, the first Communist Leader of Hungary is known as the Bald Butcher. People were starving while grain was being sent to the USSR. The cunt needs to get his head out his arse and not chat complete shit. Imagine if he'd said the same thing about Germany but comparing their current economic status with what they had under Fascism?
If you had given Cameron concessions, the brexit vote would never ever have happened Or if David Cameron weren't a self interested twat lmao
Juncker, the drunk junkie, wants all the toys. So he can break them, when he feels like it.
Thankfully soon we will no longer have to listen to him.
Well said Farage 👍
pure scum talking rubbish! which school he attended this cunt?
Any guesses when the next EU bailout will be?\n\nWill it be Greece or Italy?
We need other countries in Europe who want to leave the EU to stand up, and take action!\n\nBe proud of your unique history, and its culture.
A little history lesson for you the majority of the British government never wanted to be part of the EU in the first place it was the conservatives who wanted it and went out of their way to invest money into the EU project. the conservatives were voted out and labor stepped in wanting to back away but because we had already invested so much into the EU we were to prideful to just walk away partly due to the money and partly because of the absolutely disgusting (and very typical) attitude of the french towards us at the time an attitude which has never changed. We stayed with the eu despite this but made referendums to our membership one thing that was universally agreed on was the retention of the pound sterling as throwing everything into the euro wold have been stupid, this later turned out to be accurate. anyhooo timeline\n\nThe United Kingdom made its first application to join in 1961. It was quickly apparent that there was a danger of political isolation within Western Europe, Commonwealth states were rushing to do deals with the new bloc, and it had American support. This application was vetoed by the French Government in 1963 with a second application vetoed by the French again in 1967. It was only in 1969 that the green light was given to negotiations for British membership. The United Kingdom joined the European Economic Community (as it then was) on 1 January 1973 with Denmark and Ireland. This proved controversial at the time. The Labour party initially sought renegotiation of membership. This was toned down to requiring a referendum on whether the United Kingdom should remain part of the Community. This referendum was duly held in 1975 with a 67% vote in favour of continued membership.
What an hypocrite, he acts as he cares of East Europeans, after his Brexit polish & East Eu were first to be attacked by him Nigel farrage Brexiteers supporters, and now most polish and east Eu are preparing to leave as there no promise for them of staying except fake sweet promises
They are utter fanatical maniacs.\n\nI think a spirit of delusion has entered them.\n\nThey remind my of the verse\n\nThen entered Satan into Judas, and from that time he sought an occasion to betray Jesus.
Donate and help out by visiting https://handinhand2017.com/
I live in Florida and I had to evacuate, over 6 million people evacuated the roads were insane. I slept two days in my car on an area rest because there was no hotels available, and took shelter in a church. Im trying to vlog all of this but I don't have how to upload it now. Im currently on my way back to Florida, I don't know what to expect. I tried to contact neighbors to see what's going on in my region but had no luck reaching them. Im scared of going back to a completely destroyed home. Not to mention that power is still off for millions of people. If you have a chance please pray for Texas and everyone that was affected by Irma. This is truly a very scary and sad situation.
this seem so fake to me
Diddy ugly ass worth over 500 million and he's out here asking all you broke people to donate what little you have!😂😂😂
They couldve gave themselves as well this is crazy
The Globe is warming soooooo fast, that our Antarctic ice caps are refreezing at the most rapid pace in recent history! I never knew how such hot temperatures could freeze water so fast!
I like that they used unlikely duos.
Hey MTV, why not show the full clip of Stevie Wonder in the beginning?  Not only his out of place, badly timed ad hominum toward those who might donate, but his insensitive Xian prayer that he sneaked into his speech.
they even got the despacito guy!
Proverbs 11:21 (KJV)\n\nThough hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.\n\nDon't fear the storm fear the LORD, turn to Jesus as your lord and savior.
beyonce said everything i am thinking ❤️💙👏🏼all my love and prayers are with those hurting
We need you to donate all your money while we get more money from this event than you have in your entire life!\n\nShut up and take my money.
Does anyone realise that that room is worth billions? Raising 14 million dollars sound like a joke to me(considering having them all there). And Apple donated 5 mil of it. I know they have a good purpose. I can appreciate that. But that could be much more if these filthy rich people weren't this stingy. I feel bad for the world but today I especially feel bad for those victims. God bless them and protect them.
We're the actors really talking to people or is that more used as a visual representation of people giving to make other people give?
I am sorry but I do not have a red or grey hand so I feel your logo is just not reaching me.
We can do it together and I hope that all this money does good to all the people who need it
justinnnnnn!!!!! i love you, i hope you get a lot of money to help them
Was I the only one who watched vic mensa's ig livestream
These celebrities don't disappoint, do they? They really know how to make it about them. I've already donated to legitimate relief funds that didn't wait for a televised spot on all 4 major networks.
Four feet of water in my home in Meyerland. These bastards can go to hell! We as Houstonians did just fine without their look at me act like an ass benefit.
A disturbing number of people (kids?) commenting here seem to have a massive hard on for these elitist celebrities and have no problem elevating them to near god-like status. I guess should expect as much from your run-of-the-mill MTV audience. I hope that one day many of you will wake up and come to the realization that the elites don't give a shit about you.
this event is filled with so many secret transgenders, it's a hoot
Cam den, here is the answer: These Entertainment People have been playing a big role in bringing these disasters upon us, like hurricanes, tornados, floods, fires, and so on. These people have been paralyzing us by drugs, alcohol, on their TV, and movies with all kinds of sex and music to the point that our people are not able to think anymore, and they do not know who created them from ejected semen, just read those posts. These are the people who made us a Godless nation. Another reason for these disasters are those illiterate preachers who have been raping our hearts and souls with fake information for just a few $. You Have All The Rights to Deny, and Reject All of These Existing Fake and False Religions! But, now we have the Scientifically Proven Scripture based on Mathematics the Exact Science, which tells you the truth about our Creator, but again this same media have been trying so hard to hide it from our people ever since 40 years ago. It says if you DO NOT thank your Creator every day for the roof over your head, for your jobs in order to get His provisions, for your health, protections, and happiness, and if you do not pay 10% of your earnings to the needy relatives, fatherless children, and homeless people, then DO NOT expect any protection from your Creator, although He has given us enough respites. This is the only message could save you, otherwise you are only going to suffer before our Land Lord Creator evict you from His temporary dwelling.
GLOBAL WARNING IS A FRAUD....!!!!!!!    BUT YOU ARE SO NAIVE YOU    BE LIE VE      THEIR LIES....!!!
CAME HERE FOR TORI\nI LOVE U TORI\n\nBTW ISN'T IT IRONIC THE RICHEST CELEBRITIES ARE BEGGING FOR PEOPLE TO DONATE? DON'T THINK THEY DONATED A FRACTION OF WHAT THEY HAVE
why cant all these celebs donate among themselves instead of asking us for dough. Its a joke.... when will the sheeple wake the f___ up....
This would be a beautiful thing if the money actually went to the people who need it. Yes the real America helped each other and showed their compassion, but all of you celebrities are doing nothing more than what you get paid to do, and that is act.
JJ watt collected 31 million real dollars compared to your 14 million fake pledge dollars and he was at ground zero passing out food and water Hollywood calling the working man a racist and a nazi than begs him for money so hmmmm give u greedy fucktards money or jj watt i went with jj i encourage the rest of hard working Americans to do the same
More left-wing propagandists making money off of a disaster.  I have to wonder what percentage will ever make it to the people who need it.  Good Lord, these hateful, left-wing hypocrites make me want to puke.  So full of themselves.
These damn celebrities good give a rat's ass about the common people! They live in their own fantasy world with selfies! Bunch of hypocritical morons that are out of touch with the common people!!
Money  raised by a bunch of liberals, only a fraction of the money will go for helping those in need, the rest will go in their pockets, Please give to another organization, these folks already have to much money,
Dont there just going to take them money and run like the rich always do I am taking them a truck load of fresh water next week help how you can
Subscribe To my YouTube channnel \nMusic videos and fun content
Collectively these entertainers have a net worth in the multiple billions and maybe as high as $15 billion.  Oprah alone is worth $3 billion.  Many of them are worth multiple 100's of millions.   How much of their extra money did they give?  Too many of them had to make their political agendas heard where there was no need in this sort of event.  This is one of the major reasons they could only raise $44 million while having exposure on multiple networks.   To put this in perspective the Jerry Lewis Telethon in 1990 raised $44 million (1990 dollars) and had much less exposure.   Most people were turned off and would rather donate through other avenues.
don't donate to them because most of the money goes to making this video ads etc.
Those celebrities were all paid to answer the phones on tv.... from donations. And many were seen joking around. The rich don't care. Ever seen a celebrity actually volunteer .... by doing manual labor for more than a few minutes??
Very low views because a sermon from the left bashing the Right
This fund raiser would not have happened if The Donald had not out up a mil. this is not an honest fund raiser its a feel good leftie back rub for their own strike at Trump
they all can do it themselves. they are all rich right there. why are they asking money from us.  if your going to donate, go yourself over or do it  thru  someone u trust#jesus loves#jesus saves
Hurricane Harvey - I Won't Be Afraid By Goldy Locks\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgRXYRlQ1is\n:-)  :-)  :-)
Was this logo designed by a communist?
Might want to change the 1984 victory logo of the event
Weird, I remember Beyonce's Formation video showing an officer drowning in hurricane Katrina clean up.  She is scum
This is only #21 on trending? It oughtta be #1!!!
I live in Florida born and raised and haven't seen any relief money will we the ppl really be helped??
Damn 😕Stevie wonder never age he looks younger and younger every time I see him he  been in the music business before  Micheal Jackson 👑 was dominating the music business in the 80s and  and he still look younger than most 30 or or 40 year olds
you want us to donate money to rich people living in exotic locations who are too stupid to get insurance? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA !  HELL NO !!!
The sad thing is that it takes something like this for us to help each other. That's the problem.
Fakest people on planet earth under one roof.
What if you physically don't have another hand to give.
I wont donate to anthing Clinton  and Bushes are involved in. They will steal.it and give it to the rich
Well put together, Aloha from Honolulu Hawaii
This is sad they asking us for money knowing we struggling helping each other as it is now, they rich they need to give some money, we need all we got.
17:18 : is that David Copperfield in the back seat ? Couldn't he use some of his magic (dollars) to speed\n things up a lilbit?
Figures MTV(masonic television)would use the masters handshake for their symbol.
**CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX. 97% AGREE WITH THAT CONSENSUS**
As of 9/13/17 @6pm EDT, despite being on more than 12 broadcast and cable TV networks and other media outlets on the web - this telethon hosted by 125 multi-millionaires drew only 16 MILLION viewers and pledges/donations of $44 MILLION.  All totals are not in yet.   http://variety.com/2017/tv/news/hand-in-hand-hurricane-telethon-ratings-1202556721/
is this a break from the usual race baiting and division from MTV and now they want to pretend they can do a come together benefit?
The comment section is frustrating...
I bet they had a really good time and they partied just inflating their egos these celebrity dirtbags
Nice, but you celebs are idiots! If you each give 1m, so much will be done! I'm never buying a ticket to a concert seeing that these celebs can't truly give back after earning so much from us. Just ridiculous!
Ah MTV. When we aren't busy ruining the very fabric of your family by corrupting your kids with immoral values and depravity, we like to all hold hands and take one day out of the year to give back ;)
I like how they talked about Aric playing piano but the video of him playing was muted
Global Warming, Climate Change, or what ever you are calling that scam, is a hoax!  Stop taking the Red Pill.
WORSE CONCERT, EVER,  for relief efforts. It was completely audaciously arrogantly pathetically...political. Damn liberals. Why is it that every so-called, self-entitled Artist, is usually a hypocrite democrat liberal? Why? \nI was going to donate my hard-earned hundred dollars to the benefit. But since it was political in every respect, I kept the money. Besides. Those homes/businesses/property damaged, will be more than graciously funded by the federal and state governments. \nNot only that. But being that the entire concert was pathetically relating everything in the world to theoretical global warming. And calling Americans...Idiots, I highly doubt any amount of money donated would go to hurricane relief.  \nShameful. Pathetic. A mildly active year in the Atlantic, and liberal hypocrites proclaim it is the end-of-the-world, with Greenhouse effect, happening globally. \nNext time. Just play some music. Keep politics out-of-it, and you'll get plenty of donations. But artists calling people/viewers, Idiots, is totally uncalled for and extremely biased. And artists proclaim they are not racist. You are fine being next to a liberal so long as you do not disagree with them.
The absolute height of Liberal insanity; blaming the whether on Trump and Terrorism.\nABSOLUTE FUCKTARDS.
are this a South Park episode?
*Y'all know you ain't answering no damn phones!*
29:06 DAVE Matthews!!!
Red Cross caught throwing away donations https://youtu.be/P1ChQxiltBI
14:29 too much surgery lool
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE 😍
Selena Gomez 😍😍😍😍
Selena and Ariana?!!
u guyz suck.
19:54 😭
Stealing money!
...IN JESUS NAME, I/WE PRAY, AMEN.
48:22 who is he?!
Jared Leto 😍💖💖
Justin is the cutest❤️
the jets changing our #climatechange for decades. Share and care, peace and love for all.
very sad ,and it could happen anywhere and will ,but we americans WILL ALWYS SURVIVE AND MOVE ON ,,,,,GOD BLESS US
Selena literally didnt shed one tear
Vẽ tranh tường mầm non giá rẻ tại Hà Nội và toàn quốc, Với hơn 10 năm kinh nghiệm trong ngành vẽ tranh tường, chúng tôi sẽ trang trí cho không gian của bạn thêm năng động, lung linh https://goo.gl/7EZPDC\nTham khảo thêm: http://vetranhtuongngocvy.com/\nhoặc fanpage: https://www.facebook.com/vetranhtuongngocvy/
Does anybody not realize the Masonic handshake.
One good thing about music, when it hits you feel no pain.....\n-----Robert Nesta Marley
These intense storms were NOT due to Global Warming.\n\n*** They were due to Solar Flares from our Sun. Perfectly normal and healthy. ***\n\nPlease attribute things properly with accurate education \n\nI am profoundly grateful to see so many came together and raise 44+ million. <3 <3 <3
Oh wow so much hate in the comments. No wonder America is going to the dogs. I do pray for the victims of Irma and Harvey and I appreciate the work the heroes, celebs and communities are doing to help them. For all those haters out there who think its silly for rich celebs to ask others for money, clearly you don't get how it works. Billions of dollars in damages is what people are facing. You seriously expect the celebs to all empty their accounts. No. They will give what they can: probably a million or two but even more because of who they are they can raise so much more. How many ppl would want to have a chat with George Clooney or Justin Bieber or OPRAH (not Orcca or Opera. Ridiculous). The answer is thousands if not millions. If these thousands each donate $10 that's at least $10,000 that can go a long way. Celebs are very influential, whether you like it or not. One message from Queen Bey or Nicole Kidman or JT and you're diving for the phone. I'm all the way in Africa making peanuts and I wanted to donate. Still wish I could. So get over the hate, hold someone's hand and help how you can. If you can't do that well God help you.
I wish all of you who are complaining have already donated. Y'all just complain. At least these celebrities are doing something.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Who came here for Dave Matthews?
Please email me if you interested in helping harvey and Irma victims we can help but we need the funding to make. A project on this grand of a scale a reality so if you can extend a helping hand our purpose is to serve the public and to those in need the world is so dark we need to help each other out \n\nWe specialize in blackout and brownout and situations we are here to help but we need your help to mass produce this product to help those who need it!!!\n\nContact info for funding or lending to Coolerator Products Inc. \n\nAsk For The Director And President \n313-458-3092
it is so nice to see how everyone joins to help their country no matter who they are.                  the president was not invited xD
34:02 Stephen Colbert\n46:06 Jon Stewart\nThat is all.
Why is everyone so mad?
It was a nice gesture all these celebrities seemingly showing REAL concern for victims of ALL these tragedies but let's GET REAL FOR MINUTE. By the show's end Billy Crystal said that had raised 14 million 500 thousand something. First, there were more than 14 celebrities participating in the show and let's just say each of them donated a million of their millions or billions ( P. Diddy ALONE COULD OF DONATED 20 MILLION WITHOUT FLINCHING, SAME FOR JULIA ROBERTS,GEORGE CLOONEY,ADAM SANDLER) then HELLO they would have had WAY MORE than 14 million in an hour!!!And 2,  I am a disabled single parent who is in school FULL TIME with poverty level income and still have already amassed 2 truckfuls of donations of ALL KINDS. Money,food,blankets,clothes (for every member of a family), toys, toiletries etc.and sent it to further south (I'M IN FLORIDA)because I don't even have a decent vehicle to take it myself! IT'S RIDICULOUS! THE RICHEST 1% asking the other 99% for help! WE ALREADY ARE!! REALLY?!!! GET OFF THE PHONE AND GO TO THE DESTRUCTION AND OFFER YOUR HELP FOR REAL!! #HUMANITY #MUST #STAND #TOGETHER #TO #OVERCOME
Darius Rucker is my man crush
godbless amireca
Bless you all❤
UB burst looks like mr. DNA from Jurassic park
WE ARE GOING TO BUILD A WALL FOR THOSE LUDICOLOS
UB Assembly is Trump's favorite Pokémon lol
UB Assembly will build a wall to protect us from those Ash-Greninja spammers
Im going to name assembly trumps wall.
Burst is my favorite ultra beast now
Does this mean Togedemauro and Mimikyu also get a Z Move
UB Assembly adds a whole new meaning to 'Wall'. Things gonna have over 200 Defense and maybe even Special Defense.
Why is everyone seeing UB Assembly as a Wall?\nHe looks like a bloody Tower
Nilhilego with hands and legs
AAAAAAAAAAAAA I'M SO HYPED! IDC IF YOU GUYS DISAGREE THIS IS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE
I feel like my dude Assembly is gonna right Guzzlord's wrongs.
Probably 75 percent of people in the comments about UB Assembly being Trump's wall.
Here’s everyone’s Dawn Lycanro.......\n\n\n\n\nNever mind
Ultra Burst is cool
what is this are they running out of ideas
Yessss we finally get the game on the same day as everyone else 😁
What's happening to Pokemon
UB burst is a clown disco ball.
The new Ultra Beasts look amazing!!!
Were going to build a wall and were going to make those ludicolos pay for it-Donald trump
omg i want this so bad!!!!!1!!11!
Holy moly, I would like to have UB Burst
The character just smiles while doing z moves Oh I just love destroying innocent pokemon
Poe town has a wall around it there is a wall ultra beast now and gumshoos is trump\nGUMSHOOS FOR PRESIDENT 2021
Hey we can SOS hunt Mienfoo in Pokémon USUM cool
Honestly I hate these ultra beasts
Who is looking at this comment?
ad revenue
So hyped can't wait😆
😍😜😘😝😀😁😂
0:29 looks like we might be able to catch mienfoo in Ultra SM
So Sick!
Ok..... well I did not think we would see more ultra beasts but ok.... loving the necrozma fusions though
Am I the only one who sees UB Assembly and thinks It's the.... UNKNOWN
I think I've seen these ultra beasts before I think I had desia vu
Is it just me, or does anyone get some Shadow of the Colossus vibes from UB Assembly?
Here before this goes viral!
Assembly will probably have OP defense
WHY DIDN'T THEY JUST INTRODUCE NECROZMA IN THIS GAME
Hey Ultra Moon future byuers, you will get yourselves a Guardian of Breathe of the Wild as a slave while us will have It
omg 😱 i cant wait to capture the ultra beast so psyched
Lego for the win 🔥
IT HAD A ZMOVE THIS WHOLE TIME
burst is cool
UB assembly and Gumshoos are going to be gooood friends
ALL I WANT IS ALOLAN PARASECT PLEASE
Just saw the trailer omg great thing are gonna happen in USUM
Do UB Leviathan! Thats my...idea..well
So scary eye wall, and...firework jester? ....hm....ok! :D
WHERE'S MY ZMOVE
EARLY
UB assembly lol inside is donald trump
Pokemon ultra moon: ASSEMBLY REQUIRED
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
YO
The clown looks so cooooll!!!!!!!
Still nothing about pokewalk :(
Omg I'm dying
Hyped!
Alolan Muk bred with Niheligo to create UB Burst
New Ultra Beasts like UB assembly *trump breathes heavily*
Christ!
23rd m8 but 8n't no 1 care. Dont like this comment
Pokemon Sun 2 and Moon 2.
Please extend the Rockruff event because I am getting the game for my birthday and it's in December.
I love the new ultra beast. Burst is weird, assembly isn't.
Honestly that clown ultra beast may be my new favourite Pokemon
UB ASSEMBLY is a Minecraft Ultra Beast we are going to THE END confirmed in USUM\n\n\n\n\n\nThis is a Joke btw
Don't care about UBs or Necrozma. Give me an offensively built alolan Lapras, possibly with a brand new pre evolution for it, maybe even just do a Gardevoir and Gallade style evolution wherein a male Lapras is a new pokemon entirely.\nGive me a way to get Dusk Lycanroc using my own rockruff so I can breed it it with a good movepool, nature and stats, rather then some randomised one off Rockruff.\nAdd some 6vs6 random battles to the online- 3vs3 can be a 'quick battle' side option so that those who like 3vs3 over 6vs6 arent left out.\nNew Eeveelutions for my boy Eevee! Including a normal type evolution because base eevee- even with a z-move, just aint the same. We need a ghost, rock, ground, bug, flying, fighting, dragon, steel and poison types! Why you slacking Gamefreak?!? You started this thing, and even gave fairy a eeveelution- finish it.\n\nAfter those 4 simple things, you can work on re-balancing the older pokemon or giving them new evo's. Many first and second gen mons havent aged well compared to the pokemon released after abilities and natures were introduced. I hope the plan is for all gen 1 to eventually have 'alolan forms' since those forms are stat and typing re-balances. I mean without changes, mons like mr.mime, jynx, pidgeot, Fearow, butterfree, beedrill, arbok, wigglytuff, parasect, venomoth, golduck, primeape, hitmonchan, hitmonlee, seaking, pinsir, tauros, lapras and many more will never be as great as they were originally when there were still so few pokemon to compete against. Some pokemon like Rhydon, Magmar ect got some love with new evolutions, pre-evolutions, mega evolutions, slight stat increases, alolan forms and whatever else, but theres still so many who havent recieved much love as time has passed.
I need more information about how to evolve rockruff into Dusk form
Yo, but is that UB Burst a disco ball?
Do people still think this game is going to be bad?
Assembly is rock-ghost
You need to give lucario a z move plszzzssszzzzzzz😭😭
New Pokemon:\nA square\nNihilego's creepy brother
I WAS the 2nd viewer
and first to thumbs up
Hope UB:assembly can learn fissure
Everyone's on about the UBs, but Splintered Stormshards.
UB Burst looks like something made in freakin' Paint but gets an exclusive something?\n#stopdisscriminatingwalls
This is weird, but I love how the text doesn't just appear on screen. Also does purchasing early mean preordering or getting it as soon as it comes out?
So we got Trump's Wall and a cake pop
YAS QUEEN UB Burst is fabulous!\n\nCalling Bug/Psychic on it.
hating these ultra beasts already...
40th
Omg !!!
7th
The move UB assembly uses at 1:41 is iron defence. Not any exclusive move or anything.
13th
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
3rd
Digimon Ripoff!!!!
I came from verlisfy stream like if u did too
So... Are Pokemon gonna follow you or nah
Lunstram should have scored but all in all UTB
Come on you blades !!!
1:38 Next free kick on the edge of the box might go under the wall. Look out lads.
Give us the league title now
Could have and should have been at least 4-0 UTB!!
Blades to get 8th imo
Hey Bruce Arena you watching?
Goal at 0:54
Playing well. Should definitely avoid relegation.
The visuals made it unpleasant to watch.
watching it on my phone and seeing myself in it with every word.\nI think Alanis Morrisette wrote a song about this feeling.
I'm 29 and never had a smart phone . Any one else ?
Interesting stuff as usual. Had me thinking about these new thousand dollar phones. Remember when their primary goal was to communicate with each other? Its funny how we have moved away from that.
I have started leaving my phone indoors... makes a huge difference, takes some getting used to
How are these made? What software? I love these animations so much.
some people love their phones so much...they put them up their ass...and have to go to the emergency
So the answer to phone addiction... Is better phones? Hmmm somehow I don't think we need to go deeper into this rabbit hole... It's like saying the answer to coffee that helps us to get things done and stay interested, is meth, which REALLY helps us get things done and stay interested. Phones and computers should be regulated by the government. Sounds crazy but it should be that way. They already have power over us with nuclear weapons and superior firepower. But we are the ones that elect them so in that sense we will always have power over them until. Or do we? Reduce phone usage and we reduce the brainwashing of the internet (through manipulated memes, biased feeds and tailored adverts) and we can elect better government. It's as simple as that. But the government doesn't want us to be out of their grip. Once they had television, now they have internet
why does  school of life hate on capitalism  so much?
I got the same problem, just with my computer instead.
What kind of tinder is that?
Just brilliant. Thank you for this insight.
I never feel addicted, is that good?
louis c k said the same on smart phones
Hey guys, I'm the special snowflake ! I don't have a phone, I only read books, I am very sportly, young, I take care of my nutrition (I only eat vegetables though not being a vegan) ; people think I'm smart and humble !\n\n\n\n\nNah jk im a fat student buddy trying not to spend too much time on videogames and crappy memes
When you look back in your life and remember the happiest moments, do they all have something in common? I thought that probably for most of us,  those were the moments where we felt totally absorbed in something we loved to do, to a point where we forgot about time and about ourselves and everything around ..Like when you get lost in a book, in a piece of music you play or when you feel one with the nature. Or when you get into a deep conversation with a friend, watch a great movie or  a concert...  You get into a kind of flow. \n\nI don't have a smart phone, because I thought it would constantly bring me back to the surface.  And surface is absolutely the place where you suffer the most! Imagine all the situations I described above: A phone that makes strange noises at any unexpected moment would ruin it all. \n\nWell I don't mean to offend anyone, this is just a personal thing and I confess that I have a total  obsession with silence and my phone is turned off 99 percent of the time. \n\nBut here is a quote by Nietzsche that is worth keeping ALWAYS  in mind: \n\nThe greatest events  of our lives - they are not our loudest but our stillest hours”\n\n Imagine that you have your favourite cake in front of you. But if you get lost in some thoughts while eating it, you may suddenly realise that the cake is gone!  You just ate it without even noticing it! ( It happened to me more than once with all sorts of muffins! :- ) \n\n If we spend our counted days on earth with constant distraction, in the end,  we may feel this way about our lives  ... We won't know where it  has gone...\n\nAs T. S. Eliot said: \n\nWe get  distracted from distraction by distraction. \n\nThat's the greatest danger.\n\nI don't mean to sound too dark though. Of course you can have the latest smart phone, in case you REALLY need it, and if you know exactly what you want from it, you can use it properly.\n\nFor friends who want to think more on this issue here is a little list: \n\n1. There is a TED Talk by Adam Alter called: \n\n Why our screens make us less happy. \n\n He is a psychologist and professor at NYU and he says that he himself was \naddicted to his phone and to gaming. Imagine! :- ) That motivated him to write the following book: \n\n Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and The Business of \nKeeping Us Hooked. \n\n2. There is a very interesting  Note to Self podcast episode called: \n\n What is our attention actually worth \n\nIt can be helpful if you want to re-think your relationship with your phone. \n\n3. There is a TED Talk by the  ethical design thinker Tristan Harris called: \n\nHow better tech could protect us from distraction\n\n4.  I haven't read this one but Shery Turkle from MIT has a book on the issue called:\n\n Alone Together, Why we expect more from Techonology and Less From Each Other. \n\nYou can also watch her TED talk:\n\n Connected, but alone ?\n\nThanks for this wonderful lesson and for the amazing animation!
I'm impressed. Good advice
yeah man it's so fucked up how much we rely on our phones \n\nSent from iPhone
I'm so aware of the hold my phone has on me. I consciously put it down sometimes because of this. Yet I'm not giving it up.
I think I heard a cheeky electronic version of Chopin's Marche Funèbre (Funeral March) at 3:29  ?
We'll evolve as phones evolve into virtual glasses which enhance vision and hearing of things we could not experience in the past.
I'm watching this video on my phone...
Watching this on my phone
Soo who else is watching on..oh\nHeyy good thing i m watching on my ta.. oh taken again..\nI should use my lapt..god damn it!
its sad.. but I'm totaly agree.. the phone now keep all secret.. everthing of us.. who control tecnology today.. can control our mind...
isn't this topic so contradictive, even while you're transferring this video/message, aren't you using the same channels? Aren't you a part of this chaos? Well, anyways...
Still want a new iphone x for myself
This true. Watching stuff on my phone to calm down the anxiety caused by waking up for work, forcing myself for a major work that i need to complete, before making  stressful decisions etc. And afterwards, when i get home, i eat to feel the comfort again. Only a thought self therapy can help to reevaluate things and assure myself that these things that cause stress are just everyday tasks like getting dressed.
I don't own a smart phone. I do have a desktop PC through which I access the Internet, though. One of the old, big tower kind. It's distraction enough. :)
No I strongly dislike my phone. I'm paranoid that I might lose it or that it will die because people expect that if they send me a message, that I have been made aware of it's contents.
I try to forget my phone at home once in a while. Very nice message.
because our phones, we can watch videos that tell us to stop using our phones...
I might write a paper on how advocating for mental health is generally linked with media pessimism. I know it might sound redundant to hear this, but humans are complex and the way they use their phones can be both destructive AND benefitial to their health, but for different reasons.
Meanwhile in the real world,the populace is enchanted by the latest iPhone X
Ok, now that you unveiled our problem what is your solution? Or idea for improvement?
I should've seen this vid two days ago so I didn't bring my phone to school that day & maybe it could've been saved from school confiscation damnit how can I survive a month without a phone...\np.s. im using my laptop but its not the sameee
The momentary mock that the comment section is filled with who's watching on the phone? I'm watching on my laptop/PC/tablet etc take away the intention of such an awakening video.
what's that Latin quote about Dust.
Did he mention that they are spying devices for intelligence agencies?  They can hear through the mic and view through the video screens at any time, even when your phone is turned off.  Don't be naive.
This is an asmr voice if I ever heard one
What do I do when I am sad?I watch a youtube video...on my phone.
Start from unsubscribe and stop watching YouTube
Even this video is being watched on the phone by millions
I watched this on my iPhone.
Social media is a damn joke.
omg i could listen to him talking about anything and still be interesting
The irony of watching this on a smartphone xD
i am guilty, but at least i was smart enough to realize it rather that denying it.
They're also slowly giving us tumours
Like the idea behind the video, but some premise is worrisome: Yes, we can and must compare the brilliance of our phone with the past. Why? Because our phones are not just devices of despair as some citizen of some first world country would think. They're also the opportunity for most of humanity to catch up, to have access to almost every knowledge of the world, to educate and be better people. It's also gives you the possibility to communicate and not just posting selfies in snapchat, it also gives you the possibility to call your grandma or just to be in touch with people you may not see at any time, because you're poor and you live far.\n\nOf course, there are downsides, but we need to adress them as failure to solve in our long, and continuos (at least for some centuries) technological progress.
Wow! That video was pretty intense! The addiction to phones is definitely self-avoidence for most people... \nMakes me want to go back to 3310 again! :)
I use my phone to watch your vids,which help my self exploration,then contemplate what I learn.\n\nPs. Keep the good work up
Ha I thought this video was gonna be about like if there was something wrong with phones physically not like this leave a like if you did too😂\n\nAlso sub please I'm trying to win a bet where you get the most subs without making videos I'm doing the bet with my brother but if you don't want to that's totally fine
Amazing clip. Reminds me of the movie Fight Club what you own ends up owning you.
The funny thing is, my phone has a bed time. By 10pm its away from me! I dont usually sleep till 11pm so for 1 hour I am just in bed being tortured by my own thoughts. The best thing is, I realize what and needs to be done.
Wow. So damn true. May god help us
it look like i am the only person who don't really care about his phone, \nbecause it has no chance to receive any call/message :'(
Ha ha ha I got an add for the Samsung galaxy S just before that
I gave up my phone for 8 hours....When I'm asleep..
If you were a loser without a phone you will be a loser with one.
The irony when i'm watching this on my phone
This may be true for some people but you can not fit this on everyone as you do in this video.
These arent even real phone problems. Ive got a cracked screen. Thats more of an issue than all of this rubbish. My mum cant hear when a text comes through. Thats another real phone problem. This stuff is all just made up waffle. Bet the person who made this video has never had a cracked screen.
Could you an episode on What is Bohemianizm pls...
I don't even know where my phone is right now. Most days, it's like this; sometimes I even forget to grab it before I leave the house. It's not a smartphone, nor a dumbphone; it has some of the capabilities of a smartphone, but it's so slow and old that I don't even have the patience to try using them much. I hardly get notifications because the thing can only hold like two apps. If you don't use a smartphone, the sorts of problems mentioned in the video aren't really there anymore. Just my two cents.
Ive ditched my Phone for that reason. I didnt Connect to myself anymore cause i didnt have time alone
La weá black mirror\n
Television .... newspapers.... knowledge.... humans have a constant desire for it.  There ya go! Have a nice day !
I'm in Florida and just had hurricane Irma pass over us. I been without internet for about 4 to 5 days and it has been of my worst days in many recent years. I've come to realize how much I'm attached to this device.
I think you have something of a point here, but it doesn't apply universally. I sit with my thoughts alone all the time and yet I also use my phone a lot. I'm constantly self-reflecting and this isn't impaired by my phone usage.
Our phones and immediate connection to all those around us have revolutionized our culture. Granted, this myopic generalized self commentary on how you perceive people is well done and calming but it's redundant and ironic. The fact that I can stay connected to everyone I know albeit through a device is extremely comforting. Of course we're isolated in our worlds, that's always been the case, but imagine how isolating it would be if you couldn't contact someone when you needed to?  \nKeep making videos guys!
The people's heads look like golf clubs. I don't like that.
Right on time of the X.
My phone broke for about three days recently and it was bliss without it, I was actually a little sad when my Dad fixed it for me
FINALLY: please, listen what a philosopher said to us!!!!! NOW
3:17 studying frame perfect shine out of shield in the 20xx handbook
Everything has their own negative sides, even love. But its not their fault that they have those things, its your fault for not thinking outside of the box.
I've never owned a smartphone and I regularly abandon my dumbphone for weeks when I don't need it at work
Finaly you stoped talking about love and relationships, i was tired of those topics.....sorry for my awful English.
This is why i don't use a smartphone ...
0:40 That's what I do.
Thumbs up If you're going to watch porn now
Deep philosophy. I love how this video gives people the perspective they need
It is all a matter of how we deal with our phones. We should choose to check our phones and not feel compelled to do it.
Great content!
my behind stinks
Exceso de información, información que no vas a usar, con algunas excepciones. Solo entra cuando necesites algo muy específico que ya hayas pensado por ti mismo y estaba fuera de tu alcance. La razón esta ahí (en tu cabeza) no en esa maquina todavía imperfecta. Se supone que es una herramienta que te debería ayudar y no esclavizar. \nAhora tendré horarios para encenderlo. Bye
Self-discipline + phone = 💡
stfu! you make me depressed! -_-
idontgiveashitaboutmyphonesanyoneelse
Applause*
Commie piece of shit propaganda.
Thumbs up for spam bot sponge!
Rereading Walden, and he totally agree,
Pacifist scum.
God this is just preaching bullshit
PS Beautiful animation!
E
Quality.
Irony = watching this video on my iPhone 😬
Thank you guys SO MUCH for sharing and getting my last TWO videos on trending!!! I CANNOT EXPRESS THANKS ENOUGH!
Loving these Halloween prop video partners !🤣 who else?
0:13 AHEM I HAD A HEART ATTACK THAT WAS LOUD
Either I'm first or the comments didn't load yet... We'll never know.
Could you pennywise from the new movie ?
YESS LEX! This video made me laugh! XD oh yeah, there's a little something coming your way realllll soooon!
I love how September is both the start of Halloween and Christmas for me \n(Orchestra people would understand)
This was amazing, as always. I love trying to recreate your looks with cheaper stuff but I might be buying some body paint soon and I'm very excited!
Please do some Coraline characters sometime soonish!!
Not in the basement 😂😂
I swear every time u do a voice over in a video I feel like ur sitting in a spinning chair talking while spinning on it. Am I the only 1????😂✌🏼😜
I love this channel so much! And wow, the makeup is so cool!
Jenkins looks so freaked out by the Lexorcist 😂
wow jenkins looks so good 😍😍
Love u Lex😍 u inspire me I was diagnosed a type 1 I think 3 years ago now😂 and I got really depressed 😔 but I started watching ur vids and it made it ok so thank u 😊 thank u for being my mentor  and  helping me with the problems of being a diabetic 😊
OH JENKINS HOW I'VE MISSED YOU. YOU DID GREAT BUDDY.
I love watching your videos so much. when you yelled stitches tho😂
Rick Sanchez is that you
Bro I love these 😍 Finished my AP Calc homework real quick for your video!
No but Lex in all seriousness when are we going to see you you're mad scientist because I love her almost as much as I love old lady Lex
I love this type of videos ( ＾∀＾)
These videos make my day a million times better, oh my god!!
Love you madeyewlook so much love your make up tutorials your creative and so amazing 💕💕💕💕💕💕💯✌✌💕💕💕
I never realized how big he is? In other videos, he looks so much smaller. PERSPECTIVE!!
Aww poor Jenkins! He's so camera shy! Bless his soul!❤️
You should do live streams on periscope
I love you! Please notice me ❤️❤️❤️
you're always so amazing and talented, Lex! 🖤
I love your energy 😄...
I love u <3 do you want to be my girlfriend ?
These make me so happy!
WHY ARE YOUR VIDS AMAZING!!!! I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
I'm mildly scared of Jenkins. You know what? Tell him I'm sorry for saying that, he's very nervous and  i shouldnt have said that but I wasn't ready to see him when I opened this video. Cool vid tho lol.
Your stuff is so cool approximately how long dose it take to film one vid
Stopped everything I was doing to watch this 🖤🤘🏻
I love the intro XD it's hilarious I also love how you are including characters in your tutorials recentlyy XD
Kane just really wants to do a GRWM video too! 🐶❤️
I love how this video LITERALLY ONLY HAS 2 DISLIKES
I love seeing your puppers!! ❤️ ❤️ he's so cute!
this thumbnail is the mood
Omg! I thought Lex’s face was glowing in the dark at the end
could you do another live stream where we get to choose what you do as you go?
lmao absolutely love everything about these new partner vids
Thank you lex for being such an inspiration watched you since 7th grade keep it up 💜
Woahhh the illusion of the final look is so trippy and awesome!
I love you so much !!!!!!!!!!  I love your work !!!!
Jenkins is me. I love him.
Sorry I'm new to this channel. Are Lex and Jenkins dating?
Man, you are incredible!
As soon as Lex said on to her favorite part I yelled STITCHES! 😂💚
1 view, 11 likes, and multiple comments, why don't they just load each stat at once?
When you just finished hearing that you also have to get your wisdom teeth out. *cri*
OMG THIS IS PERFECT FOR A PARTY
RIP HEADPHONE USERS OMG..Okay but seriously I love your videos!I'm so happy I'm extremely early!
I've been loving these tutorials with friends. I'm also glad to see you posting again. I've missed ya in my sub box.
Lex is SO AWESOME AND TALENTED!!
Yaaaaaaaaas I love you're work haha love September-October on your channel!!!
I love your videos so much you're such a bad ass artist
I love your videos so much 💕💕💕
I was expecting the skeleton again
I was waiting for a Frankenstein thing! You seem to do one every year and it's always awesome! ^_^
I left a Kenny deaths (south park) compilation for this WORTH IT
1 view, 26 comments... Please go home YouTube, you're drunk
Jenkins has teeth goals
Puppy!!;
This is amazing
Aw, you're so adorable!
Hi
Soooooo cooool!!! 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😸😸
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
😍😍
Yasssssss
❤
4,444th view
I love you
Wow... truly amazing
BLOOD AND STITCHES!!!
Best makeup artist ever
Eeeeeeeeey
Love 😁
❤️❤️
What is that?
**homestuck vibes**
That's cool
your old friend is creepy
❤️❤️❤️
Jenkins is bootiful.
👌🏼❤️
Obsessed I luv u so much
Your so pretty
Awesome 😈🔥
Yaaaaasssss
OBSESSED 😂😂😂
Notification squad!!!
Hi
OH ME GERSH!!!!!
Bajeebua how are you so pretty im CRYING MY POOR GAY HEART CANT TAKE IT
*JENKINS*
I was watching a different Madeyewlook video when I got this notification lol.
You are so amazing. Its so satisfing watching you do your art. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!
CeCe Peniston still got those pipes
Wow she still look Beautiful and still got those pipes! Yass! I love her!
Cece is a good look for the theme song. I love it
Finally is my jam
Finally a new theme song!
can't wait to dance during the opening credits of your show.
Have always loved Cece!!!
How does CeCe still look the same since the 90s? WTF.
yessssss
Although I'm gonna miss the How You Doin song, it's time for a change and something fresh! I like this!
Dont change the Theme Song!!! Weeeeeeeeendy! Noooooooo
Cece Peniston is looking good and sounding good, go girl!!
Where can I buy and download this version? I love it.
I can only hope when I'm her age I can look even half as poppin' as her!!!!
who remembers when she and Suzanne listened to this in the car!?
I was like 10 when that song first came on the radio, she still can sing and still looks great, come through CeCe!
❤❤❤❤❤😍😘🌹 She's still beautiful ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
she looks great!
Yes bring it on seoson 9 wendy
She sounds AMAZING!!
Love you CeCe!!
Wendy loves cici. I loved her music  growing up.
I'm having a major nostalgia moment. I remember being 9 and dancing around the house to CeCe Peniston's Finally and starting my stuff.
She still looks great and sounds great
Whatchall know about this legend?? Cece is everything
oh no keep the original song
Hope this title finally isn't the last season @wendy. Cause i can't stay without juicy details😢
DAYUMMM CECE!! U ARE STILL FABULOUS & UR VOICE IS STILL SO AMAZING! LOVED her since 2cd grade!
I doubt this is a new theme song. It's just a promotional song for the new season.
I love ce ce peniston finally and walk on
I love it Wendy Ce Ce is my girl her music I love
Iconic ✨✨✨✨✨
Yees you betta give CeCe a job Wendy!
Love her! Long gone are the days of the powerhouse voices over house beats
Finally is such a timeless bop
Cece seems like a genuinely happy person & has a nice personality. Something about her reminds me of Taraji P. Henson.
*Peniston*
love me some CeCe
Finally I am so excited.   I love these ladies.  Cece Peniston is BEAUTIFUL!!!. The camera does not doe her justice at all.    I met her once in Chicago. We were standing in Chase bank  inside of the John Hancock where I was working for an advertising company in the building at the time.  She was standing behind me and she ask something and I answered.  I don't remember the question now.  I was shock!  I said your Cece Pippppp. I got her name wrong she corrected so kindly that it was funny.
amber rose record lit in the Caribbean https://soundcloud.com/sevyn47/amber-rose-prod-by-accentbeats
I thought it was the series finale or something.
She's still got it!! Love CeCe
back when real music was still made.
I love CeCe Peniston..... great to see her.
this is my first introduction of her, and i love her already, her voice is so Majestic in my ear, its like the voice of African chanter who pray to the nature
Man.....I love CeCe, Inside that I Cried, is still my jam!!
I hear so much Chaka Khanisms in this vocal production that I first I thought it was Miss Chaka herself!
I'm still doing box braids for just $65. No need to buy hair it's already  included for FREE. Save this number to your phone now and forward it to your friends in Houston. Text 24 hours to 713-five-four-eight-3656.
I was obsessed w/ _Finally_ and _Keep on Walkin'._ My lil' friends and I made a step to _Keep on Walkin'._ It was hella cute. I've never invested in a full album though. I'm curious so I will be checkin' on the rest of yo' music, Cece. You can still sing.
Well i mean she knows the tea about the celebrities that interest her and Beyonce.  Rest of the tea ?   Not so much
Cece WHERE YOU BEEN????!!!!!!! Wowwwww!!! 😲😲😲😲😳😳😳😳 I used to love you!
Nooooo don't change the theme song 😩😩😩😩😩😩
Great promo.   LOVE me some CeCe -- she is a treasure.
Wait until Monday - this Finally could easily be just Promo for the return - she's had her custom how you doin for her career I doubt she drops the show classic theme song...thats why its a theme song lol...this is just promo work
LOOOOOOOVE U CECE!!!!
Gurl this is a dream come true for Wendy
OMG, she didn't age \none bit!
Liked the old one better
Never heard of this lady,.but wow ! such a beautiful voice..
So no more feel it feel it feel it how yo doin??? :((((
Yes I love cc
is Wendy's boobs gettin' bigger 😕😕 lol\ni love her..but i think her boobs is too big for her slim tall body 😂\ni bet she got some boob-less girls jealous..   lol\n\nBut damn Cece...Your pipes still fresh and strong ..😍
I love CeCe's pearl necklace, clutching my own...
I hope this is the new theme song at the start of each episode
Who keeps sending me this videos. of Wendy. She is wack n I don't watch this show.
WHAT. My girl is doing the theme song for my girl Wendy?! YES it's going to be LIT 🔥 Now where is my ticket for my birthday 9/17? On 9/18 I need to be in the building!!
That's my girl....she still got it.!
In here for it
Her speaking voice reminds me of Mariah Carey's.
I hope wendy if you reading this! I'm your biggest fan! My wish is if you can share my channel or like!
Why they keep changing the songs and intro sequences keep the same ones 😤😤
YEAS!!!!! Love CeCe
Yesssss...
My queen
*FINALLY / CECE PENISTON*\n(Cecelia Veronica Peniston/Felipe Delgado/Elbert Lee Linnear) Wax Museum Music/Mainlot Music, BMI \n\n+WendyWilliamsShow  *Bull's eye!  Right artist for the jingle.* ;-)
sing it, Queen
She's gorgeous!
J'adore
Cece Bout to be booked n busy 2018 lookin Good
Finally is a atemporal BOP
CECE IS FUCKING LEGEND
😆🎙🎶Keep On, Keep On🎶😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Omg I love finally!!!
Iconic.
Dipping and doing it lol
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Was singing finally yesterday lol
She looks great ❤
My cousin..
YASSSSSS C.C. U Did That!!! 🔥👏🔥🔥👏🔥🔥
Im here for cece. Before 7/27/17, i use to watch Wendy williams FAITHFULLY. I needed wendy in my life & clicked on all her notifications. BUT every since the birth of my newborn, I havent had anytime to catch up 😥 its Amazing how i use to live for wendy until my son came into the world, now he be having me up in the strangest hours & sleep mostly in the day. And since that date i havent seen absolutely nothing from WW. But when i saw Cece Peniston? I was like CLICK .LOL. I just had to share that
ce ce penistan trainer boy friend is using her.
WOW, she looks amazing!!
Cece Peninston Mine Mine Mine Mine Mine
Still knockin Cece in 2017 and beyond. I'd love a collab with her and Calvin H. or Disclosure.
y'all know suzanne n branden not comin back this season, right?
Love CeCe - I bump #MovinOn and #NotOverYou quite often when working out or when a motha phucka got me fucked up
LMFAO Wendy is NOT good for the LGBTQ community. She is so homophobic/transphobic. Smh
Wendy Got nasty spaghetti legs
HOW ARE SO SMART
I love you Chris!!!! I'll eat with you any day!
The part where Phil says What's BLACK, WHITE, and SOFT? And then it pans to Panda....haha that really got me laughing!
I work at panda express xD
The tyranny of choice. Some people want to maximise every experience unknowingly adding more dissatisfaction to the process. Just name 3 choices and pick the best one and be satisfied with it.
Yeah but im handsome and........ NOT NOW STEVE
now i want panda... but i wont go bc i know they're using their marketing techniques on me!!
I'm honestly not that picky. I should be the one worrying what my boyfriend wants to eat.
For me its super easy i just cook myself and feed myself and others too dont like takeouts ugh
Chris Dinh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is such a gentleman. He is a less awkward Ted. More Skits with Chris !!!!!!! please :)
LOL NATALIE TRAN WAS IN THIS
Not now Steve !!! \n\n........ It's Chris
Poor Chris 😢 lol  this video is accurate AF.  Wongfu 4lyfe!!!
I love seeing Chris! Great video Wong Fu Productions! Phil is so handsome. 😌
Man I haven't seen these guys in a while! It's dope to see them in my recommended videos
*lists off an incredible string of facts and details*\n>You know how bad my memory is \nHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Let's just go and see where it takes us, LOL.
I thought this was a nigahiga video with all those logic.
kind of reminds me of Ryan Higa's style of fast-paced and out of this world segues! haha love it so much! <3
this reminds me of Scott the pilgrim Vs the world
Lowkey copying Ryan higa eh?😏😏 i see what you did there
ISNT THAT ANNA FROM EVERYTHING BEFORE US
5-2-1 Rule: you pick 5 restaurants, (s)he narrows it to 2 (s)he would be happy with, then you pick 1.
make a what do you want for dessert!
Just go to a buffet...
Simple. You buy a shit ton of groceries and have her cook her own shit. XD
omygawd, it's like Phil pulled a Benedict Cumberbatch from Sherlock ^~^ The speed he talks, his thinking look, the complex and quick analysis of the little details and knowing what she did...like Sherlock with his clients... \n\nAnd this @ 5:50 :\n__What Do You Want to Eat?!__\nPhil: *thinking* Not now Steve! *thinking*\n__Sherlock__\nCumberbatch: *thinking* Everybody shut up! ... I'm trying to think. Anderson, face the other way, you're putting me off. *thinking* \n\nAnyone see the resemblance a bit?\nAnd good job to PHIL on the acting and acing the lines!!👏
That was pretty funny , thanks.
How come there are only 2 fortune cookies? Shouldn't Joanna have 2 unless Phil doesn't want any cookies
That weird moment when you notice that the iPhone's lock screen says September 13 and the video was uploaded September 12.
Dinner is serious business like y'all don't even know.
Ryan higa video in a different form
I almost thought I was watching a nigahiga video😂
Is this like nigahiga's videos where he has these crazy ideas and at the end his answers don't even make sense?
I'm always like Phil (in this vid). If I have to think very deep, I always scream 'Not now blabla' (I should use the name Steve next time. Everyone would be so surprised :D)
Choosing a place to eat: Level Asian\n\nXD lol
i can so relateee! i'm totally the guy lol
Now I want honey walnut shrimp so bad!!!!
Who else knows the answer to the Hamburger question? Hehhehe
Why does this remind me so much of nigahiga🤔
omg i thought victoria justice was in this video becuase of the thumbnail but it's definitely not her😂
Poor Steve got rejected...*TWICE*\nDiscrimination I say
lol true story you could do something I saw an instagram where I guy put the names of restaurants on a see n say kids toy so that they wouldn't have to decide where to eat lol
lmao Loved this! Very reminiscent of Ryan Higa's style of videos. Also, poor Steve!
copying ryan higa
quit nuclear fearmongering, thanks
*me*
wong fu tries to be liike nigahiga hahahahahahahaha
She is hot
poor chris
Ryan Higa humor in this vid
JKNEWS source
So boringggg
HAHAHAHAAAAAAAA............ 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😲💥🎆✨ 😅👍
This was... great!
FML. WHY DID I CLICK THIS VIDEO. I HAVEN'T HAD PANDA EXPRESS SINCE AUGUST 5. WongFu, bring that orange chicken here at the Philippines!!!!
I like your new hairstyle.
I didn'tt even realize that this was sponsored until the very end. GGWP Wongfu, ggwp
this guy knows his girl so much hahaha. lovin it 💗
An egg carton on top of more egg cartons.. maybe there were eggs in one of those :p\nIt's something to think about haha
This style of editing reminds me so much of Scott Pilgrim. And Edgar Wright in general
makes me miss Micheal from @tasted's Why Would You Eat That? food rants
Did anyone else cringe when he started walking towards her at 1:23? Cliche and a bit cringy
Wong Fu, Joanna, Chris, or should I say everything a video needs to be purrfect
Literally the ONLY thing me and my girlfriend argue about lmao
You're being so rude to Steve!\n\n\n\nI mean Chris. 😂😂😂
asian youtubers r on the decline
its chris
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y8l397fg
wow
This reminded me so much of Ryan Higa's conspiracy theories :D
Isn't this like niga higa
stalker much o.O
Loved this ! <3
This felt a lot like a Niga Higa clip.
this gives off nigahiga vibes
Wong fu + Panda Express? Genius brand integration!
Some Ryan Higa stuff
Basically Ryan Higa without the puns XD
Like an old nigahiga video
i'm getting ryan higa vibes
Awww, Steve ):
Pandex ed basically >.< getting my crave now!
Omg get her the freakin food
ryan higa isdat u
Im dying😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
chris dinh is my fav
His wife/girlfriend is hot.
Its like a Niga Higa explaining style! hahah :P
Oh stevee
Ryan higa 2.0
Longest Panda Express commercial ever.
Duh... Food.
And I said biiiii...
a jif
Mac n cheese!!
Dog....gooks
they're using algebryan :0
Awwww... Poor Chris! :(
good job guys!
This version is a long way better than the studio one. Love this !
Pains me to see such great music get far less attention than some of the titans who are as phony and manufactured plastic pop as can be. These guys are real artists and their passion is spellbinding. Ever since I heard this song yesterday, I've played it a dozen times at least.
Didn't Mind It Without The Music..
He likes the word Unsteady/steady
Wait what? He sang live during the video shoot?? My gosh. . .  I honestly cant get over this guys vocals. . .he has a beautiful voice I love it, and loved the video
I didn't even watch the video before I liked it! Love XAmbassadors
His vocals are so powerful
Filmed here.  What I would have done to see these guys walking through this city.  Love them so much. 💗
Is this a live performance with the instrumental overlaid???
This is an excellent song
So underrated it's a fucken shame, he deserves so much more fame.
Shut f** up!! Trying to sleep, tooo early!!!!!
Why is I. at the beginning of the video? Does it mean something.
now THAT is a man that can sing and THOSE are men who make great music!
Que vozeirão da porra! Que incrível! Preciso ir em um show deles, venham pro Brasil!!
trop bon
Cool music video.
This is so beatufil!!!!!♡♡♡♡
❤❤❤
GREAT VOICE
good god this gave me chills!!!!
They deserve more ... \nPeople all over the world love shit instead of real music...
I'M TIRED OF WATCHING THIS DUMB FANTA COMMERICAL!!
Wow, this is amazing! To know that there is no lip syncing makes it even better. Love your voice Sam! Breathtaking ♥️
Oh a little spoiler in the end :D Its the starting melodie of the upcoming song joyful, which they announced last month in berlin! <3
83 stupid kids who doesn't know about real music 🤦🏻‍♀️
How'd he teleport all the way from Vigilante Tattoo on Culver to the condemned theater on Monroe in the last few seconds?\nIs he an ambassador of the X-men?\n(I recognize these Rochester locations since I go by that Monroe theater every day)
Can't wait to see them in Madrid again 😍😍😍😍
That voice is the stuff of legend and angels
love it as well
I fancy Sam Harris. I fancy this song. I fancy this music video.
Absolutely in love with guys, great idea
It is like the best thing happened to me today
Mr.clean killing it. na but seriously I love you guys!!!!
Woaooo, your voice is incredible. Woaooo !!! Greetings from Venezuela
This is a good song and all, but for me it doesn't have that special feeling.
Love the emotion he puts in it
They deserve more than what they get. What a band.
Is it possible to get anymore authentic then this band? Like this exist but what are we hearing on radios?  Justin Bieber trying to sing Spanish.
Amazing amazing amazing ♥
J'a-do-re !! Oh oui !!
Guys, you're super talented! That's so naturally beautiful! Real music! Bravo!!!
Oooh you done did that
underrated group in this generation
he's not human! I love them <3
the last note tho
wtf how did I get here what a bunch of homosexuals
I love this song, but i wish they would've used the professional recording for the music in this video. Its just crisper and makes a big difference.
You rock X ambassadors
*I love it. Ur voice is amazing!!!* ❤❤❤❤
he really Just did this live bruh that's dope as hell this is what I call real talent but lol I wonder what people was saying or thinking while he was just walking down the street singing
Find a copy of the vocals of Train
Thats song was the best one when you played it live :3
I saw them perform this live before it was released to the general public at the 2017 National Jamboree. I gotta say, this couldn't compare to how good the live performance was.
Love it, their music is the best
I love this song is amazing 💜💜💜
Saw this song in July live at the National Boy Scout Jamboree. Who else?
My god, this is great
This is so good. I just tumbled across a gem.
This voice saved me so many times. <3
ASDFGHJKL! YES!!! When their instagram page uploaded a 30 second snippet of the video last week, you can understand how frustrated I've been waiting for this. Beautiful song, with such beautiful artists inside and out <3
This pretty much demonstrates Sam Harris' talent.  Dude has some great pipes!
THIS IS 9999999999999999999 TIMES BETTER THAN AUDIO!!!!!!!!!!
I was missing you guys!!!. Awesome sound as usual 😍😍😍😍😍❤❤❤❤❤
This song is everything
fucking BEAUTIFUL music you guys make Jesus Christ.
loop mode activated
Awesome I love it 😍😍!!
Wow amazing
This is brilliant!
that last note tho 😍
もー、とにかく素敵！！声とか音楽やばいって！\n所で日本人おる？
Igy kell énekelni.na ez igen.M.
THIS IS AMAZING
Before 1 million
This is amazing!
3:30 ~~chills~~
Excellent dude!!! =)
👍
Yessss bitchhhhhhhh
Gggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy_yyyyyyyyyyyyy
I miss Noah!!
❤️❤️❤️
Fucking awesome
Omg this is amazing.
beautiful
pure talent
Amzing voice .. buena calvito
Amazing
Amazing, thumbs up!!
Bearded Johnny Sins.
Nice
Incredible
lo siento se q no esta en español mi comentario pero faltarian palabras para decir lo genial y lo asombrosa y hermosa q esta cancion es X AMBASADOR SON GENIALES DESDE LA PRIMERA CONCION Q LOS ESCUCHE HASTA AHORA ME HAN ENCANTADO ESCUCHARLES EN TODO LOS LUGARES  ES POCO SON GENIALES UN SALUDO UN ABRASO DESDE ECUADOR
ΓΕΝΙΚΩΣ ΔΕΝ ΕΙΝΑΙ ΤΙΠΟΤΑ ΑΛΛΟ ΑΠΟ ΕΝΑ...ΦΤΗΝΟ,ΗΛΙΘΙΟ,ΓΕΛΕΙΟ,ΚΑΙ...ΑΝΕΓΚΕΦΑΛΟ ΜΟΥΣΙΚΟ...'ΒΙΝΤΕΟ ΚΛΙΠ(;)ΟΠΩΣ ΚΑΙ ΤΟ...ΤΡΑΓΟΥΔΙ(;),ΜΕ ΚΑΘΑΡΑ ΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΟ ΣΚΟΠΟ,ΚΑΙ ΦΥΣΙΚΑ ΤΗΝ ΓΕΝΙΚΟΤΕΡΗ ΠΝΕΥΜΑΤΙΚΗ ΑΠΟΒΛΑΚΩΣΗ ΤΗΣ ΝΕΟΛΑΙΑΣ.ΕΙΝΑΙ ΠΑΡΑ ΠΟΛΥ ΑΠΛΟ...
W͟͟o͟͟o͟͟o͟͟o͟͟w͟͟ l͟͟o͟͟v͟͟e͟͟ h͟͟i͟͟s͟͟ s͟͟o͟͟n͟͟g͟͟s͟͟
Who is he? I want him. How have I not heard anything from this band before ? I'm disappointed in me.
Crap, he's singing in the street again.\nWhat should we do, man??\nI dunno... follow him I guess?
I love the setting, where was this recorded at?
A huge dislike.
Querida vc nao conhece o conceito de buffet por quilo?????
@GalaxyMatcha I agree to disagree! It is luck... There are a lot of people skilled enough to be in front of a camera but have other responsibilities or haven't gotten the exposure! I'm sure it is hard work but any job has hardships! YouTube jobs I'm sure can take up a lot of hours but in no way do you work longer/ harder hours than traditional jobs! I am not bashing her but like any job you can't take off because you are feeling uninspired! Sorry!
I miss Essie Button, the honest, bright-eyed girl in her living room. She was one of a kind! Not sure if I missed this channel though... There are many of this kind out there, no upload here - always can go elsewhere. But Essie Button - she was unique ❤️
Wow, I am really looking forward to the podcast! Good to see you happy and relaxed :)
you remind me so much of one of my managers at Costco. its pretty freaky lol
I just subscribed to your podcast. I can't wait to hear it! I'm a bit of a podcast nut. :)
COME TO SF <3
yessss come to mexico!!! :3
sweet sweater, cozy surroundings & pretty Estée!! :)
👌👏😘❤😘❤
Go fuck yourselves!
I'm not surprised, a lot of the youtubers I follow hardly put up videos now, they got 'famous' made their money so why put effort anymore? \n\nI miss your vlogs so much.. hoping for a vlogtober
You should come to Panama!!
forever loving you💕💕💕
You didint you uploaded this.
<3
Big changes? Celebration dinner... are you engaged my dear?
You poor thing! I was so worried about you during the whole visa thing. So glad you're ok now and it all worked out
Don't worry. Everyone needs a break.
Uninspired? Your monthly fav videos are bombzzzzzzz pls dont stop!
lazy cunt bag
そだよね、7年位続けてきたもん休憩は必要さ！おしゃれですきよ
love it!
The mind really needs to wander.
I miss reggie, please put him in the next video!!
I love you Estee  Lalonde
Love you Estée! I love this idea of rebranding yourself! Straying away from beauty and talking about things that are happening in the world is very important. \n\nI love SF! If you end up going, you have to go to the Palace of Fine Arts. You will leave in awe.
I've missed you Estee! You're a little ray of sunshine on YT and I've gone my entire 20s watching your videos. Very excited to see what's up your sleeve, I'm not much into the makeup anyways.
If you haven't been, Tayyabs in Whitechapel. Awesome Punjabi food, the lamb chops are SO good!
Love that your back in action, missed your videos but happy for you that you had a break. If you come to SF, I really hope you do a meet up, because I have been watching your videos for years now and would absolutely love to meet you! ❤️
Cuba is amazing. I'd recommend going asap before the US fuck it all up. LOL
Is it just me, or is she pregnant?
I kind of understand, that a few people do not like that she said Africa when being asked what country she wants to visit. But on the other hand, how many (mostly americans) just say all the time they just want to visit Europe. I do not feel hurt by that, Europe aswell is a place with a lot of different countries and cultures! I guess that is just what you say sometimes and that is totally okay ;)
I so miss your makeup videos. I loved when you were a beauty Youtuber and sometimes still passes by this channel just to see if there should be a very rare makeup related video. I know you were never really doing hauls and tutorials and that sort of thing but once in a blue moon when you did do a rare haul, that was amazing.
Good to have you back!
Shes stressed out how does a normal person with 9-5 for 40 years is suppose to be not stressed.
i've been following you for quiteee a while now, probably almost 4 years now, but i've got to say, i wasn't keen when you said you were doing a podcast. i was just thinking .. oh just another youtuber doing a podcast.. but then i listened to it. i was wrong. i freaking LOVED it!!! please please please release another episode, where is it??!!
I have grown up with you!! I have been here since I was 13 when you started at 19...I remember watching your videos and thinking what a nice young lady you seemed like and It was a great as a role model. I'm 21 years old now and am SOOOO happy with the directions you are going. It is such a refreshing and productive place to take your channel. I love the artsy direction you take things!\n You are a icon to me!....a down to earth Icon that I can totally still relate to. I'm not able to watch every week - but I always revisit your channel. Love you!!
Breaks are healthy! It's your channel and you can do with it whatever you want! ♡
any small YouTubers want to be friends ?❤️❤️
Definitely don't miss you
I don't care what you post as long as I see plants and Reggie. 😂🐅
Come to San Francisco! I've got so many recommendations for you! Such a city with tons to eat + see.
SFFFFFFF Just moved here from NYC six months and will give you all of the recommendations :D
Estée, you should write feat. The Doorbell at the end of every video title 😁
Oohhh im going on a flight to new york..ohhhh my life is in an existential crisis
I love you and your videos!!! You are so witty, funny, and kind :-) also FIVE GUYS yessss... sometimes super greasy but yah gotta love it!
Come to San Francisco!!! ❤️❤️❤️
It's so interesting how much your office has evolved since you first started Youtube! Looks awesome now  :)
I love you so much hahaha
Lol it was funny when you said maybe you didn't notice because I totally didn't ONLY BECAUSE I watch you and aslan on insta every day 🤣
I'm glad you took that break. You really deserve it💛
Giiiiiirl! Come to SF! We are every country in one place! You and the fam will love it!
Glad that you love the food of my hometown Oaxaca, Love Estée, hope u are good and happy, love from México <3
Estee, I am so happy to you enjoying your break from YouTube. I watch your videos 6~7ish years ago when you still in Canada and later on you moved to UK. Look forward to listening your podcast. BTW, have you ever watched Lanvendaire's video? I got lots of inspirations from her. Recommend
omg Five Guys. Where my heart is forever. ❤️🍔🍟🇺🇸
loved this video, but the audio is not too good :(
I'm in the middle of a little break, too. I just went through a break up and haven't felt up to sitting down with a fake smile on my face.
I support your break because you are not working in the office so that's how you get your holiday!  :) I'm happy you came back I missed you so much
You are such an inspiration and thank you for being so honest!
Who else is hoping we will get to see her with Clair in NY?
i faithfully watched your insta stories so i didn't even notice WHOOPS! but glad you're back!!!!!
Esteé when will we see more Femme Talk videos?? I really appreciated those!
I can't wait for all the upcoming content you'll be sharing, sooo excited to see you back!! 🌿
Estée, come to Brazil! I think you'd love it. Also I'd like do say that you're so adorable. 😄😄😄
Estee, let me know if you guys are coming back to Japan! Would love to give you tips if you need some inspiration. I live in Hokkaido and I've recently started @talesofhokkaido instagram page to share more stories of this hugely underrated northern island in Japan ;)
I still remember your blog with Aslan! Button & Goose??!! :D
YOU DIDN'T MENTION WAGAMAMA'S OMG HAHHAHA YOU WERE SO ADDICTED TO IT BEFORE!
I LOVE FIVE GUYS TOO
Do you watch Ru Paul's Drag Race? I haven't heard you mention it & I'm sure you would LOVE it.
So sad you didn't make it to BC this summer! When you do end up coming you should do a meet up in Vancouver for all your BC subscribers! :)
I loved the pilot episode of your podcast!
I miss when you would sit in your living room and do your empties sitting on the floor. Those were the good ol' days
girl if sam smith can do it you can too. good for you!! excited to hear more about this podcast..
Loved it! Missed seeing your videos on my feed. keep doing what your doing and maybe expanding your videos like you said. i've been watching you for 2 or 3 years and i am now a freshman in high school!
Love your personality estee. You're just being real. The commitments grow. Our focus may changes from time to time. All the best for everything estee!
The concept of paying the food that you have by its weight is something SUPER common in Brazil!!! :)
I've been watching your videos since I was in high school as well and I'm just about to graduate from university. I really feel like I have grown up with you and I'm excited for whatever videos you are going to upload in the future :)
Great to hear someone knows when to take a break! Sometimes life can be really stressful,and both your body and mind just needs some peace and quiet. In this community there is this filter where everyone gotta seem perfect,but that is just fake. Life isnt like that! Appreciate your honesty Estée :) Glad you are back :D
Why did I want to cry seeing this? Love u so much Button!
I've been watching your videos for years and absolutely adore your channel. Can't wait to see what's coming up 😊
You are hands down the most genuine, down-to-earth and hilarious 'creator' on this damn website so PLEASE just keep doing you xxx
Girl I'm so happy for you that you're a resident of the UK and that u got to take a mental break! Describing it as needing mental space makes perfect sense to me!!
Estee! I love your channel! When you get the chance to go on safari, NomadHill is an awesome outfitter to book your trip through! Beautiful trips and experiences!
5 Guys is all over Canada too AND I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. It's absolutely worth every calorie.
I'd like to give u a creampie
I love how you use your platform Estee, I don't watch youtube anywhere near as much as I used to but I always make time for your videos because your content is insightful and you're clearly an intelligent and genuine person. I particularly like the new more politically engaged videos you've been creating. Also I love the airtime Reggie receives.
You're just naturally cool in my opinion, that's why I enjoy watching your videos. Besides, I appreciate that you continue to evolve and explore new contents and point of interest.  I'm excited to see what's next!
Hi Estée! I had downloaded your postcad like one month ago and I didn't listen it till now, oh my god! How amazing is to find people that think and use their brains and it's alive inside, sometimes I feel weird and alone for think and use the brain, I just want to say thank you for make us think, feel alive and feel human, thanks for share your thoughts with us and please keep doing it, much love ❤️Maria.
I missed you but it's so important to take a break. Power to you! 💪👊🏽😘
OMG, paying by the weight.....I would get ruined loooooool
I've been a fan of yours since 2012 in your essiebutton days and love how your style has developed and evolved over the years. Feel like I have grown up with you and gained self-acceptance by growing with you and being inspired to let my inner self out so THANK YOU! Watching your videos etc now is like chatting and hanging out with a BFF for a heart to heart chat with a nice cup of tea - wish we were friends IRL. Personally, I loved your old style and your new one so just keep being yourself - you do you girl! :D
Why are you willing to loose your virginity???\nFucking American pussies...😂😂😂
First, so good to see you & second, OMG, SWEATER TWINSIES! We are already like little old ladies who dress alike & need many naps, I love it! \n\nI'm just so proud of you & the choices you are making. Not everyone who is given a platform uses it in a way to positively impact others. Like I've told you before, go with your gut because it knows exactly what to do. You have something special within you Estée! Thank you for always taking the opportunities you have to learn & grow & shed light on important matters.\n\nI've been taking a break too & it has been fucking amazing. The space it has given me to heal & work on things that matter to the core of who I am, it really is priceless. Maybe these things I'm working on will even make me worthy on being on your future incredible, award winning podcast someday... So much love to you guys!
money.
You are no longer genuine.  Having watched your videos for years, I find this most disappointing.  Unsubscribing.
I didn't notice that she took a break. It didn't seem that she was really present in videos over the last year.
I've watched Estee since the beginning and I am so happy to see her become successful and have a platform that she can use for good because we definitely need that. But the issue that I find is that Estee comes across as trying to present herself as this down to earth and normal , relatable you-tuber (which is good!) however at the same time she lives in a luxurious flat, in a super expensive city, travels all over, and wears pretty much exclusively only designer things, and PUSHES designer products and goods. I think it would be different if she was also regularly including things that were reasonably priced. \n\nI'm perfectly fine with you-tubers reviewing fancy things, but I think they need to acknowledge that a there will always be a substantial portion of their audience that cannot afford to just go out and buy $35+ dollar lipsticks when there is the same nude shade that a company like Mabelline would sell. It's unreasonable to assume that everyone can just continuously buy $100+ shoes or sunglasses all the time. When you will always have viewers that cannot afford to do that (even if they have a steady job), it marginalizes people even if you don't intend to. \n\nI'm not saying Ugh, Estee's older video's were better, shes changed and that sucks, in fact I think change is great and I still love Estee! All I'm saying is I think there should be a healthy mix of the two especially given how large her audience is and considering that her older videos DID have that balance. And lately it feels like it has been exclusively high end. You-tubers like Estee have the capability to promote a message that while having nice expensive things is great, less expensive things can be just as good and you can make them work for you as well. Idk, that's just my two cents.
Click here to view a video I just uploaded about why I've stopped uploading videos.
I wish I could block you. Annoying scammer you are.
Liberals Showing their true colors in the comment section. \n\nHateful, petty, self important, piles of garbage.
Racist don't like to be called racist.
Trump is a idiot savant when it comes to picking people with no character or ethics to lie for him.
Seeing the media cover a news story about yet another black person calling someone white a white supremacist is like seeing the sun rise in the morning. \n\nThere *WAS* violence on both sides, though. I'm not a Trump supporter, I just live in reality. You're already on YT, so look up antifa comp and/or antifa charlottesville for A LOT of proof.
Let's all defend our racist-in-chief
ooh a little heavy with the contour
How does anyone think Trump is competent?
TRUMP 2017 MURICAAAA
i thought you fucks liked to rant about 'muh free speech' and how words are just words (pewdiepie)....now you bitching and want her fired? Who's the SJWs again???
I WANNA SHOOT HER CLUB UP (IN MY CHARLEMAGNE VOICE) \nIf one person listens to my music that would mean the world to me. \nYoung M.A Official Audio On My Page.
Never actually confirmed or denied anything,,,, I wonder why .....
Your face is a fireable offense
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Triggered snowflakes everywhere. Why don't y'all pray for Hill to stop?
Goddamn. The Trumpanzee's are foaming at the mouth triggered over this one!\nLMFAO
Racist Jemele said it because MSNBC, CNN, talk shows, and the rest of the liberal hate-God media says it. They are complicit in the hate.
Yeah ,\nHow many times can the idiot liberal reporter, plug in the word-\nInfluential.\nInfluence who?!\nCertainly not me,\nNor the majority of Americans with half a brain!\nPerhaps just him, with much much less than that!
Sarah has the patience of saint. Admirable.
Sarah Huckabee is an amazing woman. She is so strong and has such character
Both sides keep talking about an African American community as though all black people are mindless zombies who know only how to think one way.  You never hear them talk about a Caucasian American community, do you?
Here are the best Youtube dramas to watch. They are 3 different people chasing a spy ring in Congress !!\nGeorge Webb ( Sherlock Holmes 2017 )\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrQ-wHKVi0JDWjQGcuoYnew\nDave Action ( Georges Brother )\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGtS2-7ebUgGBDjhuZ3k-5g\nCrowd Source the Truth ( Jason Goodman , Georges side kick )\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Cl9QaRtuW9CNjP7pP4BBQ\n\nOther Players are : \nRock Hudson , Ex-Deep State\nKing James , Concerned Canadian\nQueen Tut , Jason’s Helper\nBrainy Blond , George’s helper\nCharles Ortel , Jason’s Business Coach\nEx-FBI Guy , he stays undercover\nand many more …\n\nBad Guys : \nThe Spy Ring in Congress\nThe Deep state goons\nAwan Brothers , Central Characters\ntoo many to list…
When the right acts like the left we all lose.
That's a woman lol she looka like aman
looking at them ghost skin disease people mad lol
My comment would be,  you can't fix stupidity, especially when poor people are offered a million to be stupid
Since when did just being white make you a white supremacists?
Mn must use mens bathroom. Saying that is a firable offense at ESPN but falsely calling the the President some racist shit is not. You people on the left are textbook definitions of hypocrite, racists,  and pathetic
Pretty simple, I will not watch or support ESPN until they fire the race baiting Jemele Hill.
I thought this administration was a big defender of freedom of speech?  I thought it was only liberals hurt by offensive remarks?  I thought conservatives hate PC culture?\n\nApparently the right is just a bunch of babies who are happy to point out when the left overreacts, but also hate when people point out that they overreact.\n\nI'm sick of all the hypocrisy
Jemele Hill is an influential African American figure\n\nYEAH A GRANDIOSE WAY OF SAYING SHE IS A REPORTER,\n\nshe could be a janitor and you could still use those words influential African American figure yes a great janitor figure one of the best!
This is America world, please read the comments, hypocrisy at its best. The land of the free and the home of the brave🤔. Freedom of speech🤔.
These people see racism everywhere. Nobody but the progdroids listen to them anymore. Very sad.
OMG! Imgine if Jamele had falsely claimed Trump was not born in the U.S!!!
a question that hasn't come out yet.  When did racism or being racist ever become solely and diversely linked to only African American ridicule?  Isn't racism everywhere or better yet, isn't racism conveyed both ways?  Maybe the white majority is too obvious but there a just as many other cultures that frequently hate on another group fueled by international and/or domestic history.  ...
Put your hand upon my hip...when I (Sergio) Dipp you Dipp we Dipp
She is ignorant and was NOT raised properly!  - THAT much is obvious!! She has even spoken about her AWFUL relationship with her mother and Lord knows where her daddy was.
The world is in turmoil and people are losing their lives left and right but I'm a little shithead who only cares about my ratings so I'm asking stupid questions.
I don't like Jemele Hill. I find her frankly annoying. But asking someone to get fired because of a statement is just stupid.
media instigating a race war again
The Huckabee gene is STRONG! Mongoloid-like and STRONG.
You want to hear more outrageous crap? Look up Sarah's father.
Honestly she's right this time.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, it's probably a duck.
She got the peoples eyebrow down to the T. The rock would be proud.
In my Katt Williams voice what the fuck is a Huckabee?!😣
The huckabee family protects child molesters and dog killers. Look it up.
Well so what's the problem? Trump is really a racist, and have a lot of racist friends and supporter's. If you support him you may be a racist or a racist sympathizer.
She's a cunt
Oh look, Trump supporters asking why a video is trending in the comment section again ._. 110k views so far, still not sure why it’s trending
Sarah Sanders is one classy woman. If I were in her shoes, I'd tear these propagandist a new one, ever single day. I'd come to the podium with stats against their reporting, their networks, their failing railings, their full politi-fact write up, and a record of their continual obsession with false narratives.\n\nEvery sensible person out there who opposed the former president probably wishes they were more vocal about their distain, when they chose to remain respectfully silent (many for the fear of being labeled a racist).\n\nHowever, this past election sounded off to the effect of a nuclear bomb, and somehow, these morons stand around in embarrassment, pretending like they never heard it. That's ok, keep it up! Please, do continue to double down on this failing propaganda tactic...I mean, wonderfully true and reasonable line of logic; I'm sure everyone around the globe agrees. (Snicker)
Wow there's so many people in the comments saying she's so ugly and black  isn't there a word for judge a person solely for their appearance or skin color ... O yeah Progressive
This broad needs to get laid
When will she stop with all the lying?
Why is she so Fat. She looks like that muppets pig
It's only going to get worse. Blacks want everything given to them and get upset when they aren't treated like kangz. Whites need to have each others back and get over any differences they may have. Whites need to stop worrying about being called a racist as it's a hollow attack. Whites need to forget about white guilt - whites built this nation and have given more to minorities than any other race. These people don't want peace, they want everything and they want whites to suffer. Organize. Share the truth and fight back! Be proud of who you are. Get active creating the change you want to see.
She acts as if she doesn't even wanna be there like leave bitch if you don't wanna do your job. Such a cunt.
Lets not forget espn fired rob parker for calling robert griffin a cornball seems to me espb are double standard company
Jemele Hill has been part of what... 3-4 canceled shows?
White peoples response to blacks 10 demands ... FUCK YOU LAZY leech ... X 10
Lol...she has the same look on her face that Spicer had, just before HE GOT LET GO. HA HA
STOP these outrageous and utterly false liberal statements. The left's abject hatred is dividing the country and causing irreparable harm.
Demon-Rats have been controlling minorities for 100 years but when Republican Abe Lincoln defeated them they Adapted from Physical Enslavement to Mental & Fake News CNN & Company is helping them Remember LBJ : I'll have those N*****s Voting Democrat for the next 200 years.
Eww I hate her unrested left brow
Dumb dun hill.
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yamqz2gh
Didn't Trump call Obama racist?
E
fu*k you snowflakes!
Exactly, why focus on race baters
Whaittt powaaaa!!!
Black Privilege
ESPN is racist
she just told that dumbass
subcribe to my channel
Sarah Huckabee should be fired.
This admin sucks ass
What a dumb bitch
Trump is a white supremecist
dump her like spicer. shes a fucking cunt
SNOWFLAKE. LOL! Triggered ugly bitch.
Liberals Snowflakes ❄️ are TRIGGERED.
Fuck this dumb Bitch and trump
Jemele hill is trash
Tf is up with her masculine ass face, who the hell is this tranny?
I don't watch ESPN anymore because since when is a sports network political TALK ABOUT SPORTS THATS WHAT YOUR THERE FOR like how stupid is ESPN they recently fired a guy for having the last name lee and it was apparently bad bc there was a confederate Robert E lee who was white and the lee on ESPN who was fired was Asian like he should sue ESPN for discrimination over a fucking last name he had no power in picking this is why America is so apart it's bc the liberals purposely do it and then blame us educated people and trump which btw isn't a racist all people who think he is need to get their heads out of there ass bc everything that the liberals use saying he is a racist is so out of context and misleading
Say what you will but shes an excellent press secretary
Jamel hill is a racist no talent hack.
ONLY TROLLS, BELOW, ARE ON  THIS COMMENT PAGE.
I wish she would have just said how about espn sucks our fucking dicks, they are lying scum.
Who the f*ck is Jemele whatever?  Trump making another person famous. She sounds like a black racist.
This bitch eyes bothers me. Is one offset from the other? Is it a lazy eye? Too much makeup?
Sarah is by far the worst. I almost miss Spicer. This is the face of nepotism, no talent, no personality, no likability. She always looks tired, bored and stressed. I don't even care what the topic is about she is speaking on.
1) What Jemele Hill tweeted what a large majority of African Americans think. Nothing she said was out of bounds or untrue. \n2) Why is the White House focused on what someone's opinion is? There are far more pressing issues that needs attention.\n3) A fireable offense? She didn't tweet on the behalf of ESPN. She didn't say what she thought on the air. She tweeted from her personal twitter account. Also isn't one of America's foundations freedom of speech?\n\nI have a new found respect for The Six. #iSupport
This is not breaking news.  EVERYBODY knows Trump is a white supremacist...friend with KKK...Kris Kobach of Kansas.
White Trash Cunt House.
Fuck you, youtube!
https://www.gofundme.com/4esiwu8
Espn is disgusting
Some of you are acting sick. This is a human being you're calling names and demeaning. You can disagree with her, disagree with the people she represents, but at the end of the day, we're all human beings with unique thoughts and opinions. And how long is it gonna take before we understand that again?
Dear YouTube: Please stop suggesting stuff from Fox News to me. I think you should check to see if right-wing nutjobs have hacked your stuff.
for brian 😭😭😭\n- so proud of you for everything x
Did anyone else think Tanya was pregnant??
Anyone else just want to skip 10 years to see you tubers new kids x😂🙏🏼
Like this for good luck
Massive congrats Jim, I know the book was a big sacrifice of time and dedication.  Best wishes (bro (in my head))
You have no idea how fast I clicked this 😂
helloooooo Jim !!!Thankyou for making me smile
I loved seeing the book being printed, it was a great idea to show the process.
Did you go to chatam in kent
I live like 10 minutes from Chatham, i always go there... Where was I?!😭
So excited for the book! Can't wait to try and find my name in the front too!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
*_anyone want to support a small youtuber? im only on 21434 but im doing my best! LOVE YOU JIM❤️❤️_*
Pre-ordered the audiobook! Really looking forward to it Jim
Jim keep up the great work
So exciting to see the process of the book! YAY Jim :)
So proud to have watched you from the start of writing your book to seeing it being made I have two 40 odd year old sons and this will be a Christmas present each for them they will love it thank you xx
First time I've pre ordered a book and first time I've got a signed copy without handing it to someone to sign it there and then!!!
Hi everyone! I'm a new YouTuber and I've just uploaded my very FIRST video - my birthday haul! I would be so so grateful if you could go watch it and give me any feedback/like/comment that you could! Thank you so much and have a lovely day! <3 <3 <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRdbC-jBFM0&t=1s
I really want to have a signed copy but I live outside of UK. Is there anyone from UK who can help me to order? XX
I love you, Jim! I'm SO excited to read your book!!!!!! I can't WAIT! ❤️
For Brian. Aww Jim so proud of you! And Brian would be too! ❤
Congratulations on your book being printed! I cannot wait to to have it in my hands! It comes out a few days before my 28th birthday <3
I swear Jim is looking more and more like Dale Earnhardt Jr.!!!!
Loved this video Jim! And congrats
I'm so excited for your book Jim! I'm defitnely getting it. Greetings from MX!
Jim, the factory bit was awesome! Congratulations!
Omg! You was in chatham?! (Was it chatham Medway?)
I got the notification and almost had a heart attack
I can't wait to read it!!!!!
Where can I get the audio book from?!
so proud of jim can't wait to read your book
Never been so early
I wish David Bowie was my friend to😂\n\n\n\n\n\n\nR.I.P David Bowie
Which is your favourite, the sleeve or the cardboard? 📚
I'm from Australia. You know what that means... it's 4am
Still miss your daily vlogs, looking forward to reading your book 📚
a very nice baby
How old are you
Like if you love Jim 🙌💕
Hi Jim I love you😘😍😇
never clicked so fast i haven't watched ur vids so i don't know what happening 🤦‍♀️😥
I'm 3rd and I love this video and u jim
Does anyone ever call you Jam?
I'm so early!! 💙❤️
Hey Jim how are you
Who's name's are in the book can you tell us ?
This is the earliest I've been! I love you sooooo much Jim and have pre ordered your book!
Love you Jim<3
Yay!! Happy Monday Jim!
can  prank tarn one day
Early
38th!!!!!
17
Hiiii im early
Love you Jim xxx
WOAH IM EARLY
Second xx
Ninth xx
Never been so early xxxxx
3rd
Early
Nice
So early
2nd xx
Jim please have a baby with Tan💏💋💝👶💦
First xxxx
does anyone know who brian is??
To see more of Aaron Carter's interview, visit http://bit.ly/2h1UADj.
I'm glad he's being open and honest with everyone and himself about what's going on. He's a brave man.
This dude needs actual rehab not a TV show. He's just playing to the audience and reading some of these comments people are actually believing this bull. The way he cuts them off to praise them for helping him is such an addict move. He knows what to say and do to pretend to get help shy of actually doing it. Keep patting him on the back for nothing and he'll OD
hang in there, Aaron...keep reaching out for help, cuz we want you well <3
i still love you aaron
All I gotta say is that we need more celebs like him how much I can admit to say that he's probably on my next list on looking him up more often expected
Omg i hope he gets better
He's fake.  There's always an excuse. He's addicted to pain pills. Point blank period. He's an entertainer and everything out of his mouth is for popularity. He lies about his sexuality to put him out there in the limelight.  He lied when he said he had battled this his white life.  He wasn't like this before, he wasn't a stick figure.  It's so sad that this has happened to him but he needs to go to rehab.  There's a reason why his family wants nothing to do with him.  He's an addict, I have a family member who is also addicted to pain pills. It's rough.
What the heck did Travis put in his face?  He looks like a 40 year old woman!!!
He's a full on junkie.
I really hope he ends up going to rehab. it's so scary.
Aaron Carter man up. Sorry for you but your not ready to help your self.
I wish his problem was the pills but it's not. The pills don't make you skinny. He's doing heroin and if he wants to get clean from heroin he needs 1 or 2 years in rehab.Real rehab  not the expensive resorts in L.A. that want to call themselves rehab centers.
Lol this loser is high right now off of Oxy.
Omg I love Norman Vincent Peale!! My grandpa listened to him too. Aaron has a good heart I think he means we'll and he just needs better influences and direction
How can you use prescription for Xanax responsibly one minute and then get it off the street the next? 🤦‍♀️
Why did he come on the show if he already had all the freakin answers...... honestly I feel bad for him, because you can tell he's really mentally off. He's extremely manic and flighty.
This is heartbreaking...I hope he gets all the help he needs and makes a full recovery..
I love this show! It makes me feel like there is something going on in my life. Although, I'm just sitting in front of a lit box, and the (well paid) people in them don't even know that I exist.
Many people go through this. The greatest battle we have is within ourselves. Having a strong connection to Allah, will help alot.
well for those who say he does drugs he admitted it right there that he will go and obtain these prescription pills off the street. so yes he does legal drugs in an illegal way and needs help. Many people have been there
he's not on a good path...i don't think this show is at all going to help him change. he seems like he's going on a downward spiral
isn't that the book Kevin gave to Nick?
He's an addict and doesn't have a solution other than the medication his doctors give him to make money.
HE IS ADDICTED TO PENISES
the guy is clearly still in the 'lime life' life style he says all the right things but its like... PR PR PR kinda things, hope he gets better. God Bless him
Aaron Carter: I don't want to be on drugs (prescribtion drugs)!!\nAaron Carter: There's no WANT TO, I'M GOING TO!\nAaron Carter: I mean what I say! I'm going to do it!! \n\nWhen the audience leave and after the show, Dr.Tavis: Sooo........you're going to rehab right? \nAaron Carter: Well....you'll have to talk to my managers. I have concerts I gotta perform. \n\nHe's full of shit. He's fooling himself and he doesn't even know it.
Seems as though anyone hanging out with Michael Jackson as a kid or tween, always end up fucked up. Aaron Carter, Mukauley Kulken, Corey Feldman.... I think there might be a link...
If you ever knew a junkie than you know 100% if his lips are moving he's lying. I wish him the best.
Jesus is the  only hope for this world ,he can forgive all your sins .\nMatthew 11:28 Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. Revelation 3:20 Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with that person, and they with me.                                                    only  Jesus can help this  men . for Jesus nothing is impossiblehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHRGh2EiEhMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0w39vErgIMMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsMAXhc0Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5pZkLWZv-Ehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga6Qtxzd6vkJohn 3:16 says: For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.Today is your great day the day when God wants to get to your rescue. Recognize that it was impossible for you save on your own. Acknowledge that you lived blind and you were really lost. And above all, believe in the only begotten Son of God so that you do not perish. Celebrate today the victory that God gives you when you repent and leave behind your past. Let there is party today in heaven because your name has been inscribed in the Book of Life. Jesus Christ is knocking on the door of your heart; think no more, open it already. You do not know whether there will be another chance after today because tomorrow may be too late. The time to save is now. God bless you.\n\n                                                                   you will be in my prayer  Aaron  you not alone .. only you need to do is find right way .                                                                                              He is waiting for you with open arms .
Why are doctors always so damn self righteous when it comes to prescription drugs for anxiety and depression? These drugs were created for a reason! They actually help people! Some people will always have chronic anxiety and depression just as someone who has chronic backpain or arthritis. Give them the drugs they need or shut the fuck up!
But they dont really tell you what's wrong with him
He's an addict telling people what they want to hear, pure and simple, he may not be addicted to cocaine or meth, but he is addicted to benzos, and to be honest,  he needs to come out of the closet fully, i bet thats the reason this is going on.
he looks like a fucking meth dealer
Thanks! (I WILL)! ...
Man white people like to cry about stupid stuff
he went to an amusement park with Micheal Jackson at age 13? you can't write this stuff
He's so mentally ill, it baffles me how he has not been committed yet. I don't believe a word that leaves his mouth he is so delusional , child stardom ruins you . \nI would be surprised if this guy makes it to his 40th birthday
Unfortunately he didn't disclose that he's addicted to Whip-it's (Duster Aersol Cans)
Man if y'all don't give my mans some of that blue dream and let him chill while off the pack he'll be alright
not to interupt you ???? LOL yeah ok
He needs Jesus, he's tried everything but has not tasted how sweet the Lord is!! Give your life to Christ Aaron HE can set you free from Adiction, from homosexuality free from anxiety! I am living proof of this..... John 3:16
Ah fuck off.   He's such a clown
Oxy is an appetite suppressant.
Please pray for him everyone! It's Satan that is trying to make him crazy and he is under spiritual warfare.
Smoke a bell SIMPLE
Smoke a blunt
*Hes lying about sept 11*
Anyone else really pumped to see Wilshere back? I'm sick of the sight of Ramsey.\nHaving sweet flashbacks of Wilshere goal vs Norwich and his classy performance against Barcelona in 2011.
Can't believe Wenger not starting wilshere, and picking Niles ahead of Nelson, Niles proved In Australia he is not good enough yet , He needs to go out on loan
One of the interviewed Koln supporters pessimistically predicted 5-0 to Koln ? And the rest.
I need Iwobi to stay healthy and become a force in the team.
Hey Robbie, I like your formation and line up choices but this is how I would line them up. 3-4-2-1 with Ospina in goal. Chambers - Per - Holding\nAinsley - El neny - Wilshere - Iwobi\nNelson - Adelaide\nGiroud\n\nPlenty of youth, creativity and they have played together at a lower level giving them that air of familiarity with each other. A good solid spine filled with experience. Also, with Wenger coming out and saying that he isn't really prioritizing the cup, I'd like to see him use the cup to unleash the next generation.
I thought Maitland Niles was a midfielder
switch chambers and bfg just to allow an experience player next to a young player
How can I get that jacket please I need the link 😩
well said robbie, put a b team out, and finger's crossed if/when we reah the quarter's, then we can put out a strengthen team.
He's coming for Wengers job!
Arsenal will not win the league. Premier or Europa. Arsenal will not finish in the top four. Get used to the Europa, Arsenal. No more Champions for you. After Sanchez leaves next year you will be a mid table team. No quality player will be caught dead at Arsenal. As a fan of AFTV this is good news for me. More losing means more ranting.😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Great start 11. I agree with the selection and formation. It’s time to start playing 4 at the back again
Play Chambers as a right back. Not a centre back.
Poor Arsenal fans still hoping that Wilshere comes good one day.
Ha.You nearly as mad as Wenger in your selection. .Interesting.
Niles is shit at RB did u watch the chelsea game in pre season, cmon  robbie mate
Why not play Debuchy at RB? Dude is still a decent RB, how about we play him since we are already paying him???
Get used to it arseholes.😂😂😂😂
Debuchy at RB, Maitland-Niles is not a right-back. Had enough punishment and embarrassment playing that position during pre-season..\n\nEdit: Reiss Nelson isn't a left-sided winger by the way.
I not a gambler, but I must admit, an Arsenal win at 4/9  is pretty good while it available. Lets blood a few  young guns, and obliterate Cologne in the process with a dazzling display off football, and a hatful off goals to boot. Jack has to feature  as he has good visual awareness, and brilliant technical ability, a 4 nil drubbing be good, , ha ha,  COYG...
Totally agree with this starting 11
Why hasnt sanchez signed a new contract .................oh wait 😂
Hey Robbie, I agree with this starting 11 if we are playing a back 4. If not, then I think Nelson should be the RWB -or- on the left side of the attacking 3 with Walcott on the right and Giroud in the middle.\n\nEither way, I think this would be a strong enough squad to get past Koln fairly comfortably.\n\nCOYG!!!
if wenger plays that team, put all your money on koln!!
Maitland-niles isn't a RB. He's a CM.
Great starting 11. Wouldn't go exactly with that but I would be take that team sheet and I would be happy!!
I would make two changes to your squad Robbie, Sanchez for nelson and debuchy for Niles, we need them fix debuchy needs to be ready in case anything happens to bell he's big n strong n we need that.
We've got a quality striker in the under 21s called edditth or something like that he should start
Please dub in the sound effect of a needle scatching across an LP after the words Europa League\nI am going to enrol on ANY course on Thursday evenings just to retain my sanity......I might take further French and see if it is possible to understand Wenger LOL
Lets be honest, this team would lose
Guys, I  need a reliable link to watch the game
Really good team apart from id give debuchy a game
We need to win it. We're not getting into top 4 this season! Worked for Man U!
Robbie I agree that we should rotate between 4-3-3 and 3-4-1-2 but realistically thats not going to happen so Robbie I would like you to have realism in these videos.
It's official... Robbie is smoking crack...
Why is Iwobi a pivot man like Jack? Isn't Iwobi a forward? Elneny should play alongside Jack. As far as I know Iwobi doesn't have any proven distribution skills like Elneny? Why not play a 4-2-3-1 with Giroud up front and Iwobi right behind Giroud as the center forward? That way we shift Iwobi up to the front line and still have two midfield defenders in Elneny/Wilshere with Jack being the deep-lying play-maker and Elneny sliding behind as a sweeper/extra defender if needed? \n\nI'm not against playing a 4-3-3 Robbie but the guys are very familiar with the 4-2-3-1. It really comes down to what Wenger has been practicing and drilling them for. We could see 3-4-2-1 also. It's tough to say until we see the lineup and know what formation Wenger will use. I'm also wondering what subs are going to be available?
Robbie sets up the team to boost AFTV ratings after the game.
Stop bitching ur now in a comp u have a chance of winning at least no hammering from Bayrn munich this year
Robbie why don't you do a starting 11 with a 3-4-3 formation as well?
Feel like watching a tutorial
YO ROBBIE, WAGWAN FAM??? \n\nLISTEN, MAN TINKS ARSENAL SHUD TAKE DA EUROPA LEAGUE SERIOUSLY BRUV, JUST LIKE HOW MAN UNITED DID LAST SEASON, YA GET ME FAM?! \n\nMAN TINKS IT WOULD BE A GREAT STEP FOR ARSENAL TO WIN DA EUROPA LEAGUE! \n\nF THEM OTHER BLUD CLART HATER33 ALLL DEY DO IS HATE ON ARSENAL. I JUST HOPE WE CUD SHOW DEM MANDEMS WAGWAN INNIT!
Arsenal have a total of 0 European trophies (and don't count the one inter fairs cup which was more a marketing tool than a genuine competition). They have an opportunity for a very winnable European cup that has a fantastic prize. A cup that is highly respected across Europe and certainly better than any domestic cup. And what's arsenal's attitude? Let's sack it off and put the kids n reserves in smh try n win it n earn some respect back across Europe..  Maybe player would actually wanna sign then
I think Debuchy can get a chance. I don't know whether he is fully fit or not.
that look good.... I would repalce maintland niles for chambers and put holding in defence. I love the wilsh/lson idea... pleaed in under 21 alreadhy together
this Is why your not a manager Robbie, putting iwobi in cm lmfao
set iwobi in elneny's positions or maybe stoper!!!!!!   mertesaker have more tecnique than him!
Bar Monreal, there is no regular starter in that team. Normally I'd disagree since I'd want a few more starters and to prioritise the cup a bit more, but it's the first Europa league game so I'm not too worried. The Chelsea game worries me and I'd want our players at their absolute best. I'd take a loss at FC Koln if it means we beat Chelsea.
NO NO NO PLAY 2 UPFRONT\n  STAY 3 AT THE BACK
Well thought out...but Wenger will not revert to a back 4....because he's stubborn like that.
Arsenal have the player's, look what they did to Chelsea twice at Wembley, after having a bad season still win trophy,when they get it right ,can beat anyone , haven't  found that balance yet this season
Wouldn't Start Giroud. Need pace through the middle
I miss u,jack!!!😀😀
Debuchy should be commanded in right-back because Niles isn't a right-back
Like the formation and team but think holding may start as Chambord had a thigh strain
Robbie, I really like that. As you say we're really using our squad here. AW should be worried.
It's time for the SHIT show!!!!!!
Still they persist with Jack Wilshite, when will gooners realise that the lad is a waste of time?\nI'm convinced this lot would give Ian Huntley several chances at minding your kids 😂
such a bad team as a arsenal fan
Gotta admit rob i hate that defence lol. Like the rest of the team
That team will lose lol. the centre midfield is so so so weak. not a talented selection.
Happy with your starting 11. I would also like to mention, you can add Chuba Akpom on the Subs section, as a backup for any of the 3 forwards
Back 4 is the best...u gat it robbie.
No disrespect robby but this why arsenal we never go foward look at how chelsea played yesterday against a team called Qarabag they used theyre starting xi because they dont want to risk so why is lacazette not playing and the others
Say what you want about Wenger, but I can't help but be impressed that this will be the first season in my lifetime that Arsenal are in the Europa League. Might be time for a change, but it was really weird to realize this.
Id go with 4-2-3-1\nOspina\nMaitland-niles\nPer\nChambers\nMonreal\nElneny\nWilshere\nWalcott\nIwobi\nNelson\nGiroud
Swap maitland-niles with Debuchy.
I think it will be: opsina \n       Chambers BFG holding \n     Niles jack elneny monreal \n         Iwobi giroud sanchez \nSubs theo nelson kolasanic beilke welbz macey
Chamber and holding cb partnership👀👀
Great pick #CrucialRobbieIn
2 nil big dreams
Oliv-yay not Olivia
not bad
Good 11
Damn Robbie a better manager than Arsene
opsina \nNiles chambers holding monreal\nelneny wilshere Rambo \nwalcott giroud. iwobi
Robbie should be tutoring Wenger
Wilshere the white Diaby
Giroud\n                  Sanchez               Nelson\n\nMonreal     Wilshere       Elneny   Maitland Niles\n         \n             Holding Mertesacker Chambers\n\n                               Ospina\n\nMaitland Niles better at wing back then full back, Sanchez and Walcott interchangeable. Looking at our midfield options how did we not sign a DM this summer
Your forgetting reainy Adelaide
wenger will probably play 3 in defense : bfg, holding monreal. He will play sanchez and giroud thats fa sure. Wilshere sub.
#RobbieSellout
What about akpom?
Team is trash
Maitland  miles 😂
very good 11 robbie
Reiss Nelson must start
My team line up is \nOspina\nDebuchy\nChambers\nMertasacker\nMonreal\nElneny\nXhaka\nWilshire\nIwobi \nPerez \nNelson
Robbie not too sure  \n\nOspina\n\nNilles\nBig\nMustaphi\nthe beast kolasinac \n\nElneny\nJack\nWalcott\nIwobi\n\nLacazet Giroud
Maitland-Niles is no good.
Decent Starting 11 👌👊
. . . . . . . . . . . . Ospina........ Chambers. . . . . . . Mertesacker. . . . . .holding \nNelson. . . . . . Wilshere. . . .. Elneny. . Monreal\n. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Walcott. . . . . Iwobi. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Giroud \n3-4-2-1 perfect mixture of both experienced and youthful players.
Ospina Holding mertesacker chambersNelson elneny wilshere debuchy Iwobi walcott Giroud
Do anything but play walcott
Ospina\nChambers      BFG       Holding\nNiles      Elneny      Wilshire      Iwobi\nNelson            Giroud            Sanchez
Ospina\nChambers BFG & Holding Monreal\n                 Elneny Jack\nTheo           Iwobi          sanchez\n                      Gioud \n\nTake out sanchez around 60' and then put nelson.
Tottenham 3 Dortmund 1
oh fc köln erster fc köln su bist mein verein ich liebe dich :):):):)
My team for tomorrow :\n                               Ospina\n\n         Chambers   Mertesacker   Holding \n\nDebuchy           Elneny       Wilshere      Monreal \n\n         Walcott                                  Welbeck \n                                 Giroud
Arsenal is such a joke now...
Offload jack wilshere
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! No fucking way... How?! I mean... HOW?!
If Bethesda wants to gain popularity from nintendo fans...\n\n\n\n\n....they're succeeding.
This is massive.\n\nBethesda putting other 3rd parties on notice! Lol
And Bethesda again shows itself to be better than E.A
Wow Nintendo nice call
Bethesda is one of the best allies helping   the Switch if other game developer give it more of a chance Switch will be way more successful. (Now here come the hate comments).
I have the weirdest Boner right now
Hell yeah, thank you id software and Nintendo.
Holy shit Nintendo is back, now if they could bring The Witcher 3 for Nintendo Switch, then there will be a excuse for me to buy a Nintendo Switch. Something tells me SONY is watching and saying holy shit is time to bring PS4 Portable.
Holy shit, this is big, this is fucking Huge!!!
first time i saw this in direct\n\n\nme:WAIT WHAT
Vulkan API Boyz!!!!
Can we collect amiibos instead of the pop vinyls in doom for the switch?
haill to bethesda now wee need fallout 4
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
Never expected this
Fucking Doom wasn't expecting that, will buy
Fuck playing Doom and Wolfenstein on the go will be so sick
I guess Doom CAN run on anything...huh..
Where did this boner come from
The haters are going rage hater mode with this
My PC can max out these games but I want the portability, so I'll be buying them for Switch.
Now we're talking!
look like it's time to kill demons and Nazi on the go!!!
Did they hire that guy from Polygon to play this build too?
Now if only we could get Deus Ex Human Revolution on this thing. Don't feel like getting a Wii U to play that version of the game.\nEDIT: NVM, I take it back, I just remembered the Switch doesn't have Dual Screen functionality.
Switch underpowered umm nope...
This is really a surprise, i don't know how a system wich can't run Overcooked at 30fps will be able to run DOOM on the go... Maybe it's a custom built, or those Switch are gonna melt for sure
Nintendo I vow that if any dark souls game is ported over to nintendo switch I will buy it tomorrow.
Wait, what?
Nice announcement ! one thing i noticed is that the downgrade is huge, if they keep the 60 fps stable it will still be a blast to play regardless of the visual quality.
I got a PlayStation ad.. lol.
and fifa switch is a fifa 18 ps3 port...
C A N Y O U F E E L T H E 3 0 F P S , M R  K R A B S
Kinda bummed that the Switch version of Doom won't be getting Snapmap. I'm probably one of those weirdos who really loved the idea of map building on the go.
If we get the next elder scrolls for switch, I would fucking bend the knee to Bethesda
XBOX IN 3RD PLACE NOW FOR SURE! SERVES THEM RIGHT THO HAHAHA
Yay I can play the games I can never play cause I didn't have the right console
If switch gets doom\n\nOverwatch is a must now.
I can play Doom sitting on the toilet, in my bed, on the bus, in the sewers, on a tree, chilling in a hot bath,
it's gonna be a weird feeling when the kkk and nazi's are on my switch.
Time for me to cancel my Wolfenstein PS4 pre-order...
Playing proper Doom while on a bus... that sounds fucking good.
I am not at all trying to sound greedy because this is freaking insane, CAN WE PLEASE GET DISHONORED 2 ON SWITCH?!?!?!
Swastika in a Nintendo Direct? *TRIGGERED*\n\nAll seriousness,  I'm glad Nintendo grew up.
I'm cool with some DooM on the go.
I'm glad i didn't buy doom last year. now ill be able to play the best version of the game and I'm really excited to buy and play this.
If you don't have a true understanding of the switches power. Just save your ignorant comments. The switch is slot stronger than alot of you realize.
I never thought Id hear this guy say Nazi
teh switch has no hardcor gamsssss\nit babby consollllll\nit needs more schuuuut\n*wish gets granted, haters have nothing to complain about*\n....... the gaphics still sux\n*points out it runs on a handheld system*\n*hater cries*\nWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Gey fucking in there... never got the chance to play doom
Mgs5, kh3, and soulsborne needs to be next
Watch cod 2018 be on switch.  I'm calling it
Did honestly never see this comming.\nI think i just came a little bit...
OMG YES! DOOM ON THE SWITCH!
I could get the graphically superior versions on PS4 but I'm getting both of these on Switch.  Portability > Graphics
Delet this
low settings 720p 60fps im fine with it just 60fps pleaseeeeee
Well look at that. Nintendo says the word Nazi and shows the Swastika and the world didn't end. Man fuck these developers and their infantile pandering to the dumbest people on Earth.
YYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS
Nazis?  In my Nintendo?
yoooo
🎶bandz make Nintendo dance baybeeee🎶
wow, megaton announcement :o speaking of which....  fallout 3 plx?
Iconic:v
Damn
Holy shit man!!!
WHOO!!! 🤘😆
Fuckin hell yeah
NAAAAAAAANIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Thats incredible
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
me Sorprende que lo pueda correr en la Nintendo switch
It the switch can run it, I'd like to see it for Android/iOS soon too
Lets just wait and see if the game actually runs on anything higher than 480p 25fps before we collectively suck Nintendos dick!!!
looks blurry af tho :/ hope it will be 60fps at least
will those two games be running on 20 fps?
damn the resolution looks sub 720p...
Can you run doom on a machine equal to a xbox 360/ps3??????(the switch)....can it even properly run it with frame rate problems???? And a 32 gb harddrive????? No, you can't....iphones even have 64/128 gb....32 is it????? Thats it????
Yay, Doom on low settings and 30 FPS.
Looks like it's time to buy a lot more memory cards since the Switch has the same hard drive space as a Gameboy
bad quality for nintendo switch\npd: better in pas4 and xbox one\npd: much better in PC Master Race
I wonder if doom will run at 60fps. Because the game was designed to run at a solid 60fps and anything less just won't work in my opinion
I hope that the scenes they showed are switch footage (but it's probably not)
Doom's online mode is dead : /
I hope people support this, I have DOOM for the PC and it was an incredible experience.  And now that Wolfenstein 2 is coming to the Switch, I might pick it up for that instead of the PC.  Nice one Nintendo!
Older nvidia shield tablet which is less powerfull(half the ram etc) can run crysis 3 on android so surely switch can run about anything on a fixed platform. Super exited gonna buy both! Allready played doom on powerfull pc but gameplay over the graphics and take it on the go muchnwow!1
Can doom even run 60 fps on the switch?
Bruh, First Skyrim , then Doom and Wolfenstein, now I belive anything is possible. What's next? Fallout 4?!
AND THEY'VE LISTENED! DECENT THIRD PARTY SUPPORT! THANK FUCK! Took their time since the SNES era though!
Instead of porting old good games, nintendo is going to burn it self with new games that would barely run on it.\nIf Switch could run CS:GO and BF BC 2 on it with a decent multiplayer, their sells would be sky rocketing.
Is it just me or this smells like fucking downgrade?
Nice, but it won't sell well. Nintendo needs 3rd party games released on their system either exclusively or at the very least on the same day as the other platforms.
Yeah, because the Switch can totally run these.\nGuys I was joking, please stop replying !
xbox crossplay, please
Noice
30fps lol
So we can expect to run like shit in that shitty console, so why are the nintytards excited?
Nice now I can play the games I already owned at 240p and 15 fps.
Are u originally from Kenya, Kongo or South-Sudan?
Legit cried bc they cared about girls of all skin tones. Usually if a brand has super pale shades they dont have the real dark shades, or vise versa. Fenty beauty actually had something for me and for my dark skinned friends. I never thought I'd get so emotional over makeup but seeing such an inclusive line up of foundation was so heart warming I just lost it and let myself cry 💖
I've never seen another beauty YouTube do a flash test and oxidation test for foundations. Great ideas! I definitely would not have thought to do that. You have a beautiful complexion and the foundation looks great on you. You covered basically every question some one would ask. New subscriber :)
Girl, you dont even need foundation. Your skin looks so smooth and clear 🙌🏻❤️
wow! I've just found your channel you are  honestly stunning😍😍😍
thanks for your honest review!
Your skin is so pretty and shiny. I love it <3 you honestly don't need foundation.
did you even need make up like woahhhh your skin is just beautiful
In this vid you mention hitting 300 thousand subs on September 11.. I'm watching this on the 15th and you have 391k!! Killing it girl!! 👌👌
300k you are up to 391k when I am watching this! Dang! Congrats
Your skin is like... PERFECT. I mean, I think u don't even need to use foundation. I'm so impressed. 😻❤❤❤
girl your skin is so beautiful i thought you were wearing foundation already
You are sooooo gorgeous!!! Your skin is flawless 😭❤️ I wish I could be as pretty as you! You are too cute!
Very informative. So happy I stumbled onto your video. Got my Abnormal Foundation in two colors this week. That's just not gonna work. Also, I've never heard of the no-color powder. Are you happy with it?
K, your skin is SILK! Like, zero pores. 😱😱😍😍
You don't even need foundation, your skin is already on fleek gurl!!!!!
seeing the amount of positive comments and love for this video makes my heart swell with love. <3 such a great video
this!!!! out of all of the foundations you’ve tried, i think this one is absolutely perfect for you!!!
You are so pretty
Can you try dermacol the darkest shade pls you can buy it on amazon
one day she's going to be like 80 and her skin will look much much younger
i think it looks beautiful on you!
girl your SKIN you're glowing
your skin is beautiful 💛
You're so beautiful!!
You skin is so flawless & beautiful!!!
You are blessed with such healthy and beautiful skin. Mine break out easily. 😅
YOU ARE A GODDESS. Fantastic channel
Your skin is so flawless! Beautiful!
You are soo beautiful I love your skin color like 😍 YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!
L͓̽o͓̽l͓̽ i͓̽d͓̽k͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽y͓̽ b͓̽u͓̽t͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽e͓̽n͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽ v͓̽i͓̽d͓̽e͓̽o͓̽ s͓̽t͓̽a͓̽r͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽s͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ w͓̽o͓̽w͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽a͓̽t͓̽ f͓̽o͓̽u͓̽n͓̽d͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽. L͓̽o͓̽o͓̽k͓̽s͓̽ s͓̽o͓̽ g͓̽o͓̽o͓̽d͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽k͓̽i͓̽n͓̽🤣😍t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽n͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ w͓̽e͓̽r͓̽e͓̽ h͓̽o͓̽l͓̽d͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽s͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽😅😅😅o͓̽h͓̽ g͓̽i͓̽r͓̽l͓̽ d͓̽r͓̽o͓̽p͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽a͓̽t͓̽ s͓̽k͓̽i͓̽n͓̽c͓̽a͓̽r͓̽e͓̽ r͓̽o͓̽u͓̽t͓̽i͓̽n͓̽e͓̽ 💖
Good lord!!!! I want you!!
You don't need any makeup. Your skin's flawless - seriously!
It definitely is giving me a light to medium coverage. Your skin is so damn glowy and smooth I literally couldn't even tell you had put anything on, omg! Beautiful!
wow you are so beautiful oh my goodness you are a goddess! loving the review makes me even more excited to buy Fenti Beauty when I'm able
I thought your skin was beautiful before your makeup. I am white and really don't know what African/American ladies prefer for makeup but It seems to me you have flawless skin.  You seem to have a large following, though, so keep up the good work.  But I still have to say I would kill (figuratively of couse) for smooth skin like yours. 1926lady
I think the foundation looks beautiful on your skin tone💕💁🏿
You're literally stunningly beautiful. Your skin is so beautiful.
Omg your skin is unreal you are literally glowing
Your skin is gorgeous. What is your routine? Came here from Kristi. New subscriber.
90K subbies in 4 days. You go girl!
This is the first video I have seen of yours, but I love you already! You seem like you have a heart made of pure gold!
you are so beautiful!!
You're skin is so beautiful
I've watched so many of your videos, I can't believe I wasn't subscribed already, but now I definitely am! You are so beautiful and this foundation looks totally amazing on you!
Your natural skin is absolutely beautiful! You are beautiful ⭐️❤️
Your comments at the end of the video made me so happy :)
omg! your skin tone is absolutely amazing and flawless!!!
Coverage for what?? You have a clear skin girl!
You're so beautiful! I'm in love with your skin tone!
What a beautiful skin tone and smooth skin you already have without foundation.
omaigat.. i hope Fenty Beauty come to Indonesia as soon as possible. im in love with the foundation, the colour really good for brown skin.. thank u so much for the tutorial.
skin was flawless before application, I literally can't tell the difference
It's really pretty
You are so beautiful!
You're so cute, Nyma! Great review
To watch such a flawless faced beautiful woman put on make up. You have the most clear skin ever. What you have cant be bought. Foutain of youth they wish they could bottle up... save your money.  You have skin of the gods
Man this woman's skin is absolutely stunning. Your skin is beautiful and it glows. I'm so in awe
Your skin is like perfect
But girl, you dont need foundation you skin is flawless✨
Your skin gives me life
She is so dark she looks gray. NO HATE! she is gorgeous! I've just never seen someone this dark... guess I need to get out more😂
EEEEEEVERYTHING about your skin is so beautiful and radiant ❤️❤️
New subby! Love how sweet you are and super informative. Can't wait to watch more xo
She doesn't even need to wear makeup I her skins is flawless
This foundation looks so good on your skin!! :)
I like very much how it blends you look beautiful
congrats Nyma you got 3+ million views. :) I'm so excited for you because you deserver more..  All the best
I thought you had on foundation before you even started...momma you don't need any foundation your skin and complexion is bomb.com
Why have I been pumping my foundation on the back of my hand instead of dotting it directly onto my face like you did? Your skin looks so gorgeous! It's so amazing that Fenty came out with so many shades all at once. Crazy awesome!
Your skin colour is so rich and beautiful. Rihanna definitely got her line righ!!
YOU Are SO BEAUTIFUL 😩😍😍😍😍🦋🙏🏽❤
your skin is so smooth
You're so beautiful babe
Shes so pretty
you are beautiful
Omgg your so pretty 😍
Your skin is flawless!
Love u :D
Obsessed with your skin tone 😍😍😍
Your so beautiful
YESS NYMA FUCKIN TEAR IT UP!!!
you are GLOWING!! absolutely beautiful!! :)
😍😍😘
Girllllll I love your skin!😍
3.2 Million views! Congrats!
U so bootiful!!!
omg ur natural skin is glowing <3
Your bare skin is stunning!
u skin damn flwless..no acne! im jeleous
Simply gorge
Looks beautiful
She is soooooo beautiful 😍😍😍😍😍
Ur so gorgeous
u r so cute omggg
Beautiful young lady.  :)
your skin tone 😩😍😍😍 girl gorgeous
Rihanna  came through 🔥🔥🔥
You are stunning
Amazing✨
That highlight ❤️
Fake Holosexual
I saved my NKOTB People!!!
wherrrres the chapstick
I have that deorent
That was fun!!!
I used teen spirit
lol I have that deodorant😂
3:29
Omg I'm 10 and I got the exact same Kaboodle for my tenth birthday that is so cute oh my God that's just a good quinncidence I guess
That Hard Candy polish is new. Back in the day the bottles were round with silver lids. I know this because I still have one! Lmao.
That's my makeup box!! I use to keep my makeup in OMG lol!! They have em at Walmart for like $10 and OMG I loved that teen spirit deodorant and I was recently looking for it wondering do they still make that?
I have that exact caboodle
I got my caboodle from Walmart just a few years ago
Hard Candy was out in the 90's?  I never saw it until a few years ago.
If they ever did this with the '80s they could just raid my bedroom. LOL
The teen spirit I wore all the time because I have sensitive skin and it was the only thing that didn't brake me out
my aunt still has a caboodle
This is an awesome product!  I catch myself thinking every once in a while that I would like to have my caboodles back for all  my makeup.  lol  I graduated high school in 1999 so I enjoyed those all thru middle and high school.  I think my favorite thing was probably lipstick.  I had soooo many!  Oh!  do you remember when palettes (mispelled?) came with blush, a trio eyeshadow set AND two lipsticks????
My caboodle doesn't have a mirror
My mom used to have the same caboodle
They do have an app for guessing logos it's called guess the logo
I still have my Caboodles kit from when I was a kid :-D
oml kids these days dont even know ANYTHING in this and they probably never had a caboodle :(
OMG YES I LOVE THE 90S
The kid that ate the lip smackers was never constipated! Lol
let's go back to about.... 1998! ok i was 1
lolol how did that kid eat chapstick every day
I used to have a pink sparkly carboodle that I kept my massive collection of lip smackers in. I had about 50 of the craziest flavors.
Caboodles rocked! I'm so glad you did this video Bun! So much nostalgia, the memories! I remember for Christmas one year I got a pink caboodle, & I also got a lip smackers candy cane......Do you or does anybody remember the one that came out at Christmas & it was shaped like a candy cane & it had ALL the different flavors in it. Dr. Pepper, Root Beer, Bubble Gum, & Grape are just a few I can remember right now off the top of my head. But I used to love my lip smackers. I wish I still had my caboodle. It would of be a fun thing to pass down to 16 yr old daughter!
Your makeup looks so good!!!
I LOVE THIS LOOK
My grandma literally uses that as a makeup kit that's what caught my attention and she brought it as a makeup kit
I had all of that! My favorite NKOTB was Joey....like most girls. I actually went to a concert. My mom bought us tickets lol
Please show us how you do your hair like that
So funny..I had a kid in 5th grade that sat across from me.and he would eat DOG TREATS for a snack!! Omggg..idk what happened to him, but I will never forget that.
who does not like Michal Jackson actually my friend's dad hates him and believes he is a baby molester .-.
I have that same exact one.
I'm 11 I WISH I WAS IN THE 90's AHHHHHHH
Your lips might be dry because of the lipstick and you could put chapstick underneath the lipstick to help
I thought the first thing she pulled out was a pad.  ..>>~<<
I had a teen spirit last year, it smelled delicious
Is it sad that I have that cabutle or however you say it but it's from like 2 years ago and I'm only 12?
I am 9 and use that cap stick
This video is cut up so much that watching the clips skip together gave me anxiety. Couldn't get through the whole video 😕
Fear and Angst What English people hear\nFear and Fear What German/English people hear
MICHAEL JACKSON AHHHHHH IM DYING HES TO SEXY FOR ME 😍😍😍😍😍
90s kid right here! Miss those days!
I got that box from my older sister when I was younger
why am I still subscribed to you now I'm all about he dolan twins
I LOVE her style like fr
When you have the same caboodle!!!!!
I want alive in the 90s but I've seen some of the things
My sister has that exact caboodle
that kid eating the lip smacker every day is TOO REAL. I loved me some glittery, transparent jelly shoes <3
i got that for my b day
The teen spirit deodorant is sold at the dollar tree
I have a purple one
my mom keeps nagging me when i ask her to buy me deodarent and she says that im too young. well guess what mom? im growing up. im 10 years old
They still make teen spirit I have it this is a girl
My favourite 90s products were the lip smackers the chokers! And the different coloured mascara! Ummm and the Spice Girls, which are not products but anyways...
I'm a 2001 baby but I still like alot of stereotypically 90s things 😂
I wasn't alive in the 90s but I remember lots of the early 2000's stuff
I live 20 mins from Plano molding and they still make caboodles! Bought one for each of my daughter's 💜💜 yeah butterfly clips!!
o_o I just noticed how vibrant your eyes are, they're very beautiful! I'm over here with gray eyes lol.
Imagine if it was empty though
There's literally a Facebook and twitter symbol on the bottom of the offer sheet...🤦🏽‍♀️ yeah, it's still valid... social media wasn't around 25 years ago.
How did u do your hair
I eat chapstick all the time
Hair tutorial? On this fabulous look
I have that caboodle same one
Love this makeup on you 💕
♡ you Bunny! I was a high school freshman in 1990..it rocked so much!  ♡♡ from Kansas
Please can you put a video up how you did your hair in this video I love it xx
Hooooow do you do your hair like that? They don't look like normal little space buns. PLEASE SHARE!!!
lol i can smell it becasue i have it!
Do more does this thing really work
yeah, thumb rings-toe rings-ankle bracelets
https://www.sporcle.com/games/g/advertising_slogans\nhttp://www.playbuzz.com/bennistonmatthews10/can-you-guess-the-correct-brand-slogan
Calgon Hawaiian ginger body spray
omg i have mine still!
You can buy caboodles at Walmart.
I have one of these!
Born in 1995. I wear Teen Spirit daily. #smellsliketeenspirit
Green is my favorite color.
Real talk... can we please get a tutorial for your adorable hair style?
I still have my Caboodle I got for Christmas of 1998 when I was 13 years old. It's purple with a sort of swirly blue/white marble design. It came with several goodies in it, although the only one I remember was some kind of Gillette aftershave lotion for women, which was great, but they haven't made it in a long time :( I still keep makeup in it. It took a while for me to notice Caboodles had disappeared from stores, but when I did I felt sad.
I'm obsessed w her makeup look omg
Is that what curt kobain was refering to?
Is this a subscription box??? and if so, do they send you other contents for your caboodle? or do they send you a new caboodle every time? that would be lots of caboodles!
I had one of these yo.
Bunny! Your hair!! 😍😍 please show me how to do those buns!
Your look in this video is gorgeous Bunny!
Anybody else remember only being able to watch the good cartoons after school and on Saturday morning?
make a tutorial on how to do ur hair!! like that one
i was born in 2002 and all of these still make me nostalgic even though these things were fading out of fashion so quickly
Sad part is a have the same caboodle...
Rocking that purple 😍 wow you can literally pull off every colour with them blue eyes! From a fellow blue eyed friend from northern ireland 👋
+grav3yardgirl u can buy that teen spirit deodorant at Dollar Tree currently but I really miss the Caribbean cool scent from the 90's that was the best 🙂
pause at 4:59 and look in the mirror
2 whole texture packs
Can i build brown bricks on this version?
Hey plz answer can I play it on new 2ds xl
Fuck 30 dollars for a shitty version of minecraft when I can get a better one for 7 dollars in the app store
Hey nintendo, your report said that minecraft was released on the day of the announcement, I can't find it on my Eshop, What the Hell is going on here?
Completely unnecessary...\nIf you dont like it, dont buy it. Simple.
so many people thought the 3ds couldn't handle it
Well....look like I'm not going to get the 3DS Edition
If my 12 year old self saw this bricks would have been shited
Portability or 4K
I want to see all minecraft kid beg their mother to buy the 3ds for playing minecraft
This is what the Wii u edition should have been
I have tried it and to be fair it's not that bad.
Bull fucking shit. GAME ONLY PLAYABLE ON NEW 3DS!?!?!?!?? NO OLD 3DS!?!!?!!?!??!!??!!?!??!!!?!?!?!?!?
Who would want this when you have the Switch version?
Ummmm I already have it on PE Switch Ps Vita and Xbox
Aw Man I Have A Old 3ds Not A New One...
ok, uhm, how do i change between touch and button controls tho?
I remember buying this on Wii U expecting it to keep me occupied for a long time. Nope. Boring as hell.
would be cool if this could have the mario mashup. and if it would *actually come out in europe I've been waiting for like over half a minute why's it not out yet*
They already have a Minecraft like game on 3ds what's the point of this there's no multiplayer and it's already on Switch
Take A Deep Breath:\nMinecraft exclusively on:\nWii U, NEW3DS, Xbox360, Xbox One, Xbox One X, Xbox One S, PS3, PS4, PS4SLIM, PS4PRO, Reapberry PI, PC, Mac, Linux, IOS, Android, FireOS, \n\n\n\nDid I Mention It's On Switch?
This is honestly just to cash in on the fake Minecraft knockoffs on the 3DS
Gotta remember that Minecraft is marketed towards the kids, so don't be surprised Nintendo wants to milk it to death.
man they are just milking minecraft at this point l
So, basically a stripped down version of the main game, similar to the 3DS port of Super Mario Maker. Considering all children these days have smartphones, if not an untethered one or tablet, it would be way easier to just play the Pocket Edition. More content, worse controls, but still superior.
You have to add multiplayer !!!
Oh good! This basically means I don't have to buy the Nintendo Switch version since I currently have the Wii U version. It may be a little late to release this game now, but for New Nintendo 3DS and Wii U owners this is an absolute steal.
i didnt find it on the eshop😕
From Minecrafts own page here https://minecraft.net/en-us/article/minecraft-new-3ds \nWe want to stress that the game is only on the New Nintendo 3DS series, and we've used all the technical might of the dual-screened wonder machine to give you world sizes of 2016x2016 and 128 blocks high! Multiplayer won't be available at launch but we'll have more to share on the feature later. This edition's closest equivalent is 0.15.4 of Minecraft: Pocket Edition, and we'll be continuing to update from there!\nSo, $30 for the $7 mobile game, but NO multiplayer.
What I want to know is: will it support the stereoscopic 3D? If it does then it's grrrrrrreat and I'll probably pick it up. :)
F**K Nintendo and Mojang for not making a  Normal 3DS port that will have only touch controls!!!!
Well time to upgrade to a new 3DS
So i will be able to play 30-40 hours Minecraft on my New 3DS? Oh yes...that´s a sure buy...Also it´s better than on WiiU thanks to using Fixed Shaders & not shitty AMD/Nvidia-shaders that means 2016x2016 big worlds...(Bigger worlds, even bigger than on Switch)... So yeah. If it has that Mario MashUp-Pack & DLCs, i will get it finally.\n\nFuck the Switch-version (which is only 2 hours on the go xD). Hahahahah- every smartphone`s battery dies in just 2-3 hours...i will play right next to them in a few months- 10x longer easily and laugh about them Oh wait, your battery has just run out? That´s too bad. Mine has just started to warm up...xD ;)
MFW i have a normal XL and not a new one
I already feel the 20 fps, loads of paid content and 4 chunks render distance. Beautiful console.
Notch was right years ago.
I swear this fucking game is out for every system now
Remember when everyone was faking this game for the 3DS? \n\nAnd now, after many years, we get our game.
How many times was this re-released?
Umm. Its been 8 hours and still no UK release.
It's too late..
Im get a circle pad pro for this because I only have the old 3ds
People also said that this would be impossible, lol. This is great!
Can't wait for the refrigerator tv edition
So will this get the better together update?  Lol
I've actually really wanted this a few years ago, now not so much but it's still pretty cool
NO LOVE FOR ORIGINAL 3DS USERS lol jk i don't play Minecraft
The graphics are garbage
Thought about buying terraria for 3ds but this comes out, sorry terraria
I have to say it to the world,the PSVita is way much better than this New 3/2ds version (cause as you know Nintendo let die the old 3/2ds models)
Looks like a potato, but you still need a new 3ds system, it’s too late
WHERE CAN I BUY IT?!😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
It looks like something from 2012. And abit late dont you think Nintendo? If this came out a few years people would be more excited but in 2017 really? And why Minecraft New Nintendo 3DS Edition and not Minecraft 3DS edition. Is it really not coming out for the old 3DS. I cant imagine playing Minecraft with that little c-stick lol.
I don't see why they released this now. I always thought it would be cool if the 3ds could have it and now that dream is a reality. Problem is the switch performance is much better and it's going to have cross platform. I would have bought this if it was out 2-3 years ago but no I wouldn't.
THIS is how the Wii U version should have been.
If Minecraft Wii Edition existed, I would be quite surprised.
Will it have local or online multiplayer?
how can i get the cia?
Oh so this is 4K minecraft...
I'm not a fan of Minecraft, but damn this is actually pretty fucking cool.
It wont work on my galaxy
Ok since the minecraft 3ds edition come out now we will wait for the psp version....
This is awesome i haven't played minecraft yet so im excited!
Wow 2 years late
This version is not developed by 4J, Mojang, or Microsoft, its developed by Ocean Interactive but it is based on the pocket edition
only on NEW NINTENDO 3DS*  Why!!!!!!!
Sucks that it's New 3DS exclusive.
Oh Lord, they finally did it
This would have been an amazing 3ds launch title. Now i don't really care.
I have a bad feeling about this one...
This crap is.... Wut
The minecraft plague get another victim
Omg
It did come hmm cool
My reaction: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02J5Q4L8WQE
HOLY CRAPPPP
Cool
Cool
the fuck.
fINALLY YES
Really and 2ds normal???
No way
More consoles = More money
PC>>>>>>>XBX1X>>>>>>>PS4 PRO>>>>>>PS4>>>>>>>XBOX1>>>>>>>>Switch>>>>>>>>>>>ios>>>>>>>Android>>>>>>>>>Vita>>>>>>>>>3ds
3ds\n*shows 2ds*
Damn no standard 3ds version.
Brown Bricks on 3ds
Why tho
That's nice
2 years late
what? why
Graphics looks awful hahahaha
Is it online?
Wat
Too little, too late. Period
well i called this... 5 years ago...
Who asked for this?
With homebrew they can fix and add mods
It would be depressingly funny if they launched a miiverse community for this version.
I have a minecraft friends Caoimhe
his nailllsss 😭😭 yass
Cool☺☺☺
1980
CX R.I.P Tyler's phones
association duty tooth exchange learning meet.
investigator gate event hespm rapidly behavioral violent speak piece must.
Hhtdrt
Cool intro
I DONT
Thia shit looks lit rach like if you agree
DEREK YAAAASSSSS
6:23
Your boy friend has boobd
Omgggg DEREK!!!
Prque no as vuelto a haser videos de prin cesa
Poor derk
frickin 5:46 got me x3
Derek has better nails than mine LOL
I hate small holes
who misses Iasick
Omg so beautiful
Did he find the phone?😶
Why didn't they juist call Tyler and listen waer the sound came from? 🤗🤓☎️
Please do more videos with derek! U guys slay together <3
Look at 8:41 Look at Derek's Nail
Omg how high was that
Did you guys ever find Tyler's phone???
Hey I'm getting my ears peirst and I want to know if it's gonna hurt but I'm really excited I'm doing it in next Saturday
DEREK MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
Because he is mean to the Australian girl
Why don't they have mouths in to intro or outro?
When I saw derk I was like yayyyyyyyy
IM LITERALLY IN LOVE WITH DEREK
Did you find his phone?
do gymnastics with one of your friends!!!
Lol  don't hit the side of it 😂😂 he cares for her
Did they ever find the phone😂😂
I'm Exited like the intro it's amazing
Did they find his phone
Derek I am from Washington state
I laughed on all of them
My fear is small holes
HE WAS A NATIONAL TREASURE LEAVE HIM ALONE!!\n\n\n\nsaaaaaaaaaaaame
Is Derek gay he has nail polish
i saw his phone it was on the green mat on the corner
i love your chanl so much your super good i love you so much By rozy
why are Derek's nails so much better than mine ;-;
I'M LOVING THE SQUAD GOALS
Did they really lose his phone or did he find it
OMG!!! She is at 12 million!!! I thought she was at like 6 million.
I'm just like wow😑
I FEAR SMALL HOLES TOO
My fave part was at 0:00 and 11:22
Lol is all I have to say
Watch out Rachel, Logan Paul WILL pass you in subs.
Literally look better I saw the phone
Tyler has no friends
2 hrs ago I went swimming it's 6:00 pm now and I'm still where my bathing suit and waiting for food.......
Tyler did the first shape the most accurate
RACHEL SHULD HAVE CALLED HIS PHONE SO THAT HE COULD HEAR THE RING AND FIND THE PHONE
The last shape is hilarious
Omg I'm just like Derek, I'm allergic to everything and I'm from Washington state and I love lip syncing
sooo did they ever find Tyler's phone ??
She shakes the camera so much
The other girl i forgot her name while wacthing the viedo but im afraid of tiny holes to she and i have aphobia comment if you do to??
Derick is my new best friend
TYLER LAST NAME IS MY NAME BUT WITH AN A MY NAME 8S REAGAN
Hi everyone! Im Unarwhal.. my birthday is on the 17 . i was hoping i could get at least 20 likes. i hope you all have a great day
My name is caoimhe to
LOVE YOU RACHEL... but is it just me or is derek so gay?????
OMG I LOVE DEREK AND HES FROM MY HOME STATE
Who niticed the white hare boy has a yellow nail's
did they find the phone then
best squad ever! who agrees?
Love the intro😍😍
Did anyone else notice Caoimhe and Tyler's heavy flirting, rip Ryler!
I keep getting armpit ads 😂
keep doing vlogs u rockk
#rachelsgotnowaistnohipsandnobooty
Like anrd
5:33 or 5:35
Spot the difference 😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😝😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛
Wow she has more subs than Logan CONGRATS RACHEL
#dolanwannabe
my name is caoimhe
Trypophobia
Hi I love your videos and plz give me a shoutout and plz pin me
POOR PHONE WILL NEVER BE FOUND IN THAT MYSTERIOUS FOEM PIT. 😫😥
Why did the boys only Break Stuff the first round
Is it just me or is Derek look like a freshman and Banjan Canadian
Tyler \n-Can eat three burritos at a time\nLMFAO😂😂
rachel you are the best!!!!
I have a friend called Caoimhe
Actual Title: A group of friends  break styrofoam stencils...
Liking for the mean girls reference
Lol one of them is gay
Has Anyone realise she's got more subs than jake&logan paul and they are way more popular
I think I have a great time to get there
Who else saw that Derek was wearing nail polish?????
Why is watching people doing jobs and moving house so satisfying when its time lapsed ??!! Xx
I clicked for Chip!\nGotta love Disney! 😍💖
Ah I love these vlogs❤️
Your house is going to be beautiful💓
Why is watching these vlogs so addictive 😍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCFguAlW6g4\nLovely Autumn Pictures With Relaxing Music ( Hello Autumn )
ANY SMALL YOUTUBERS WANNA HELP EACHOTHER OUT
You can't buy the yellow chair online 😩😭💩xx
Where abouts do you live as in area wise xxxxxxxxxx
My cousin lives in rushden! I'm always there😅
Sophie looks so like her mum x
Any small youtubers who have just started out want to help me out I've just posted my first video and would love for people to see it , I'll give support back ❤️❤️
whos cody ?
I love you!!!!!
Is she purchasing or renting??
goo.gl/9Z6u3q New Gold/Platinum Plated Cubic Zirconia CZ Bridal Tennis Bracelet only £6.99 includes free delivery!
Sophie could have girly sleepovers with Emily 💗🙌🏻
It looks massive !! 😻❣️
Your my idle
LOVE THESE MOVING VLOGSSS keep them coming!!! Cxxx
i LOVE these vlogs sooo much!
I love moving vlogs
Soph is SOOOO cute !XX
Love moving vlogs!
What lipstick are you wearing?
Adoro questi vlog
Trending!! yasss girl
Emily, you're so stunning! the makeup in the intro suits you perfect!
Your eyeshadow is beautiful!!What eyeshadow are you wearing?
Who else thinks her sister is adorable? :)
Is she living on her own or with a flatmate?
Please, please tell me what you have used on your lashes. I feel like I can rock out a makeup​ free face if I have fleek lashes!!!
I love your new house in the end it will look amazing!!! Can't wait till it's all finished❤️ I might get your mum and dad to put up my furniture 😂😂😂xxx
You're on the trading page!!! I'm so proud Emily ♥🌹
Just me or is she living in the same place as Sophie Louise ?? X
Are you living with Libby xxx
I'm moving to Brighton in about 6 months time from Australia and this makes me super excited for my move! I can't wait to see your house all sorted and i love everything you've got so far, it looks amazing! ❤
Using all my 3G to watch this on holiday and was well worth it😜 really love the cute pink chairs as well
Mkay I have now found my fave YouTube ... EVER 💛💛
I'd love to see more of your homeware things!
Your house looks amazing already!! Would love to have a house like that in around 5 years time! Xxx
Hey em, have you moved into a new build? Xx
YOUR MAKEUP IN THIS IS MY GOALS ! ILY
Can someone tell me is little Sophie Emily's sister I'm new to this channel so I'm not sure
You should do 'testing new look' makeup! X
you are lucky you got the Chip mug. I can't find here in Portugal
I love the moving vlogs❤️. And your little sister is just the cutest🙈💕
I love your Chanel so much Emily,\nI think you are a really determined, happy and an inspiring person who I can look up to and you always seem to be smiley and you are a brilliant sister. I love you loads and I have been subscribed for what seems like ages and I have watched and enjoyed so many of your videos \nLove you \nAlix xx
Loved this!! I'm so happy you inspired me to make YouTube videos of my own :))
Loving these moving vlogs! 💜 so happy for you xx ps this was so satisfying to watch with the music haha x
I have that mug😘😍
I have that same lamp shade!!
Do a house tour when it is finished
Does anyone know where I can pick up a light shade like the black geometric caged one ?! I'm moving into a new house and can't find big ones anywhere !
came back from holiday to a vlogg yay!! so happy to see you doing moving vlogs. Keep smiling em xxx
Hey Em, loving how you're putting everything together, so proud of how far you've come, are you thinking of doing a house tour? Lots of love 💗
My dogs under the stairs but we don't have a door on, I've put a string bling up. Lovely tour of your home x
It looks like the place that Sophie Louise is moving to
Moving is so stressful but you make it look easy, girl!
Emily I love your vlogs so so much and your moving vlogs make me even more excited to have my own place to decorate my own😊love you!!💞xx
Loving these moving vlogs! Didn't realise furniture was that expensive though 😂
Could you do a what's in your bag challenge.can l just say you are really pretty ❤️❤️❤️
The Disney mugs are $20 and Primark are £5 🙂 I really like the primark ones.
Which out of the 2 chip mugs do you prefer?
How the hell does is a 20 year old able to afford a house like this !!! Insane , well done Emily !!!!
I love your videos ❤️❤️ you have the best name btw 🤓it's my name to
It's so exciting to have a place of your own! We recently bought a barratt home and this looks similar! Enjoy :) xxx
Omg u commented on the comment
please do more, i'm obsessed!!
Love this! Your vlogs are my fave! Ly 💜 x
I love your videos soo much. Keep up the good work 😘👌👌
I love this video but I'm so jealous and I hope moving  goes well for you x x
I thought the little girl was wearing a shirt with 'trump for yay' on for a minute, got me shhooketeh
This vlog made me so happy 😁 your family is the cutest!
House tour once you're done! Love that mustard colour chair it would go well with a wooden unit
Emily and Sophie louise posting these kind of videos are making me want my own place 😩😩💗
Did you rent it or bought it? Curious..
Is it only me or does this house look like sophie louise house? I think theyre going to become friends 😀
Did u rent or mortgage
Start your YouTube career with this camera! Great quality and affordable! You'll thank me later. =]\nhttps://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B019UDHV6S/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=nafeesahtynet-20&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=as2&creativeASIN=B019UDHV6S&linkId=34fa423428c904462759eeb91e594196
Am I the only one who watched this to see where see bought the chip mugs? 😂
Ahh love moving vlogs
i love the moving vlogs!!
What are your sneakers called? <3
Lovee the makeup😍
I love moving vlogs
I'm loving these moving vlogs em xx
Love your vlogs Emily! Your house is now turning into a home!! I love it!😍♥️
where did you get your hoodie from!!! I NEED!!!
ahhh this is so exciting because I'm moving into my uni studio at the weekend, the white set is also available in baby pink like the pink le creuset stuff. Check them out em
I love the white!! Please keep posting videos. I'm taking a lot of inspiration from them. That mustard chair though 😍
I need to find the chip mug in primark its AMAZING! Loving the moving vlogs!💖
Great house, love the light shades and mustard chair so cheap too! I've found simple whites and plain items just seem to work best as styles just change so much. Xx
Never watched your channel before but I enjoy this vlog think I will be watching more 😀
I love these videos and your house looks amazing!! X
this has got me so excited for moving out! love your furniture pieces!
Are you renting or did you buy the house
Love the moving vlogs...keep them coming
If you like that shop in rushden then you NEED to go to most marvellous in Northampton! You'll love it!
YOU ARE GETTING TO 1,000,000 SUBSSS!!!!
I am supposed to be impressed because some hypocritical Muslim cunt can walk?
Ohh look its a representation of the hunger games.People that think this shit is important have to have serious mental issues.we are so fucked
the DJ needs to be fired for that wack music.
Why are they playing LSD.
Why tf is this on trending.
Who else skips all TMZ YT ADS? They deserve no money. If you are on traditional pc use adblock for TMZ. Always downvote every TMZ video
Hey l would appreciate if you followed my account if you are interested in minimalistic and aesthetics fotos💖💖💖❤️@z.e.serin
Okay seriously people? All the hate just because she has a different job. I'm a legitimate physicist (Doing my masters so that counts right? :D ) and I don't think it is necessary to belittle her for doing something that is physically impressive. She made that look real and I for one know I couldn't do that even if I wanted to.
Such a hero...she should get a statue instead of Robert E. Lee.
wow, such talent. What a pro. She walked like she had been doing it most of her life.
Wow this is the dumbest profession I've ever seen.
Now that's a model
*Instead of spending money on these Pointless shows why can't these sponsors use that money to help hurricane hit  people/families.*
The courage this woman has, I'm so inspired.
She has to go to upper class .
Follow link to see Video of Worlds Dumbest Driver : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyHJgF3xT3k
People act like she's the only model to ever lose her shoe at a Victorias secret show a few years back a models shoe went through the stage and she walked it off like nothing happened
Because...when you get paid $10k a show, you'd better be fucking creative.
She gets paid an amount of whole the commentsection combined. She better walk it off
why the FUCK is this trending
What a big deal, right?
all this means is that she watched a lot of antm back in the day
No one gives a fook
What if her chonis came off ? Lol!
BRUH THEY WERE PLAYING THE BEATLES!
Walk doesn't go with the song, sloppy.
KIM, there are people dying.
Hey guys!! I can balance a spoon on my nose, I bet she can’t do that 😎😎
I died when he zoomed onto the shoes in the corner and the music so depressing
Ya.  That's cool\n she very pro.  But... Racists\nShe very beautiful , have 2 big eyes. But. Racists\nShe very talent. But racists
okay I don't like her honestly but she is so professional
I'd let her walk all over me shoes on or off
Y'all don't care yet you still had time to write a comment about it? Most models must face strict diets and such, and they are just showing how well models could pull off something when other people couldn't. You might as well just watch the video and keep the comments to yourself instead, stop showing hate and sarcasm.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks 🙏 https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Losing her shoe made her walk no better soooooooo 🤷🏿
You go Gigi walk it off like a real man! Oh wait..
I must return the slipper to the princess at once. like cindereller.
That's professionalism for yo ass!
YouTube said it was recommended I wanted to know why
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds!
Baller... that's commitment to the craft!
This has more views than the death toll of ten in Irma video. Holy shit.
Wow the tmz voice guy at the end.... his voice is the impediment of cancer
Who gives a shit about Gigi hadid?
Why is this still trending after so long and barely views
Quick guys let's forget all about the post hurricane carnage by showing this bullshit
That’s cause she is a pro
Ppl lose their homes from hurricanes...and her shoe is important.😤
She is a person.
So?! what other woman who hasn't?
I'm bout to order some hot wings. Like if you eat wings.
My LT in Afghanistan stepped on a mine and blew his foot off. He didn't even bat an eye or make a noise. But this high heel is trending.
i'm just here because i like her tbh
FILM TUBE new Channel Frequency 💋💋❥❥❥👫💘😻💋💋
thanks for sharing her story she's so brave <3
YAAAAS QUEEN SLAAAY! Look at how well she does her job which is merely walking!
OMGGGG!!! the reaction of the crowd to this fiasco.
She didn't let it faze her
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
Why is this news?
Why is everyone making this a big deal? it's normal on fashion weeks...
Can someone tell me what she has achieved in life
Honestly don't know why we still have fashion shows
Damn people will shit on gigi no matter what the fuck she does  😓
Boring ! \nNext time Post a video of the bitch falling... or something like that \nThis video was really unnecessary 👎👎👎🙄😒
Ugly people of the world unite. It's like u r instantly ugly for showing up here.
She kept it professional☺☺🙄
she is paid millions to just walk YET she falls or almost falls or loses her shoe !\nbut when it comes to her dumb one lazy face or fake smile selfie no one can beat her on it well expect #kendull and #kylips
PATHETIC
She deserves a Kit Kat.
Feelsbadman
Ground breaking news huh?
Racist bitch
racist
Nobodys perfect
OH THE HUMANITY..........
New YouTube challenge?
#FakeNews
*ROOKIE*
Haha dumb cunt
Ok?
Take that Kendall.!!!
Annoying
How is this fucking trending
Pfff
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/ychdvsll
Big fucking deal...
Lol. How stupid.
YEAH NOBODY CARES👇
Lucy in the skyy
who cares
impressive, really wow. what a spectagle
-_- fucking morons all of them
LOL!!!!  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Who cares
666666
queens only.
She was fine ☺
That was good
Y'all are sooooo fucking salty. Lmao. If it was as easy as you think why y'all not modeling and walking the runway then ? Why y'all stuck in the field YOU CHOSE ? fuck all ya guys gotta blame yourselves for making the decision you made instead of being salty because of someone else's success and wealth from a different industry. Lmfao.
Because of the unskippable 30 second ads, I didn't even watch the video.
The last attempt on my lifeti was nimboon time quantum time Technoon Transformer time nimboon time transformer time digital time my name Politician Kevoon Zune HD LP CDR Podcast LP CDR Public Enemy No Ammo hand n hand from Manhattan Noognay Yangon 1807 2040 was here
Man. What a badass. He must get ass for days.
This is Weird but is Understandable people. Thanks.
These used to be my favorite back in the day
Who'd have thought\nhttps://youtu.be/vHWbibCETSo
0:54 Brandon is really good at story telling :)
I almost pissed myself laughing at the Kayak scene ! Brilliant ! 1st time watching & it was well worth it Lol
Found this site that actually pays you just for playing games 😂😎\nso much fun and money at the same time🤑 here is it if you wanna try it too\nhttp://6753ciw2unnx2ya5j6xdo2gx6x.hop.clickbank.net/
Subscribe to my channel the username is young kid Savage Kingdom
Want your very own cinematic film based on you? Well now you can! Go to https://www.fiverr.com/thetrooper1 and i will create your very own cinematic short on GTA V with your character as the main character in an epic fight to survive!
Sence When did you   get on trending?
I don't always.....
that guys father-in-law is like the most interesting man in the world or Sean Connery
Brandon's stories are so awkward... But they're so good!
https://youtu.be/ip4__BcfRfc\n\nNice video everyone should watch it
The most interesting man in the world is his father-in-law
Want free google play or paypal money? Click this link https://youtu.be/mvyvaj_mS1Q
goo.gl/7eZ8oB New Mens Black Leather Analog Quartz Stainless Steel Waterproof Wrist only £5.99 for a limited time only 3 left!
I still can't stop laughing because the father in law was stil holding on underwater
Stereograms of Wealth\nMatrix of Wealth\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nStereograms to order\nPersonalized stereograms
I love how Brandon's father in law looks like the older dos-equis guy!
LOL...the most interesting man in the world....his father-in-law...
Watching with out sound is odd
great animation, great story . good video
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
Good job Brandon you're on trending for attempted murder
I have the opposite effect. I look white but I'm Mexican I go and talk to the hispanics in Spanish and they talk back to me in English.
I'm so happy that rt is on trending. I never see them on it so it's nice to see a creator on it that deserves it
Notice that he's drinking straight Tanqueray gin at 0:22.
No power and no WiFi yet here I am still watching youtube videos
Lol! I loved this story on the podcast! And the choice to make Brandons father in law look like the Most Interesting Man in the World is GREAT. Good stuff guys :)
Hello, and Welcome to my chnnl...
Bet you wont Subscribe to My Channel
wow nice drowing for power \nsome animation click here \nhttps://goo.gl/dSh8cJ
1 Bit coin now equal to more than 4000$😍😨\n\nNow this is the new one go fast and sign up for free you will have 50 WCX for free also😍😍 \n\nYou just should follow this link below then sign\n up and verify your account and wait to be millionaire😍😍😎\n\nhttps://wcex.co/?ref=KiWMUo9V\n\nI did it ,it is your turn 😃\nYou won't lose any thing just earn money 😂😍\n\nSure it isn't an hack link it is a global company😏😌
why is this on trending? ive never seen these on trending
awesome, this is a creative animated video.\ni am also a graphic designer. some document below hare.https://goo.gl/c2W8Wa
Power, Sweet animated video\nHere is animated design. \nhttps://goo.gl/1sV8GM
Rooster Teeth Animated Adventures is amazing video.\nI made it  https://goo.gl/h39bx9
This cutting video is very good. I like this kind of duck video. Below is a link to this type of video.\nhttps://goo.gl/x1Qjh4, https://goo.gl/HeXjjc
The videos is very nice.\nhttps://goo.gl/fM77dk
His dad is the Dos X guy
Wtf is wrong with the men of today. 🙄
The most interesting man in the world
The most interesting father in law in the world
The father-in-law looks a lot like Ra's al ghul
Can we all take a second to appreciate just how awesome the Rooster Teeth Animation outro is now? It's brilliant.
*_I now have mad respect for that Father in law._*
Thought this channel died. huh I guess not
ROSSTER TEETH DO YOU REMEMBER YOU HALO ANIMATIONS??? ITS IN NETFLIX NOW LOL
1:58 Brandon doesn't have legs?!
So Brandon's father-in-law is the Most Interesting Man in the World from those stupid beer commercials?
I shore thought he was going to take you wave him, but water would have happened if he did.\nI guess I'm to punny today. I'm wavy sorry.\nOk I'm shore that's it.
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y9j2rzaq
Burnie never got a chance to tell his story.
Is that old Luffy from One Piece. Check out the chest.
Love every time they talk about this man on the podcast.
You kayaked passed the booie where you're supposed to kayak ... and you thought he was trying to kill you... lol
Plot twist: This was The Most Interesting Man In The Word.
It's not Summer anymore.
Can't believe my video 10 Kittens 1st Day Outside has over 2 million views now! \nGo check it out and hit that subscribe button!  xoxo Sarina 😊 \n\nhttps://youtu.be/DcJk32AJckg
i bet the father in law eats his cereal without any milk
Is it just me or is Brandon's voice kinda extra...lispy? Did I miss something?
Everyone's an amputee!
Who still watches rooster teeth
Trending
Daamn
That oldman has no teeth.
How is Rooster teeth 11 on trending
the booie
https://jsitblogblog.wordpress.com/
#3 on trending???
Number 10 on trending!?!
#1 TRENDING!!!!!!
Original OnePlus 5 6 64GB Smartphone Snapdragon 835 Octa core LTE 4G 5.5 20.0 MP 16.0 MP dual Camera fingerprint Android OS 7.0 goo.gl/PqVmjo
Yes number 1 on trending come through RTAA
Wait, how is this trending? 😂
Trending?!?
wow\n#4 on trending
grats on 2nd on trending!
How is this trending ? Awful
#2 on trending!!!!!!
#2 on trending
Rooster Teeth? great......\nsee more    https://goo.gl/3V48q4
This is fantastic.
LMAOO stay thursty my friends
https://youtu.be/cdSyoLd4q1Q
He didn't disengage
RvB 16?
Oh Brandon.... simple simple Brandon...
666 dislikes wierd
Wow #13 on trending
This made the trending page? SIIICCK.
Had a savage Applebees ad
Small YouTuber here! I would love to get some constructive feedback. :)
Taylor Swift Ready For It? official Music video \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDlyhXdJN7s
ayy number 10 on the trending page well done guys
Brandon is the less interesting person in the world
Very excited for Odyssey! And definitely prefer this subtitled version to the American voice-over version of the video; it's nice to have Koizumi-san telling me about his game (nice suit, by the way)
I would say GOTY 2017 but Zelda...
Damn I'm gonna have to get a switch just for this, looks amazing!
Who else clicked on this in 0.00000000001 seconds?
The hype is over 9000!!
It wouldn't really be a 3D Mario game without a gorgeous beach level.
Is there anything this game can't do?😂😂\n\nCan't wait, totally gonna collect everything 100% the 1st time playing this
This game got even better! Thank you Nintendo!
2:14 including tropical islands\n\nOh man please be Isle Delfino
Ooohhh, so tiara is cappy's sister that makes sense
tiara xd
Yeah !
Who else noticed Jeffy's name at 4:04?\nSuperMarioLogan, get on this!
GOTY
Awesome!!!
6:03 nice of the princess to invite us over for a picnic, eh, Luigi?
Hey #VIPs & #NotificationSquad!! I'm just gonna say it - this cake was literally the HARDEST cake I've ever made on this YouTube channel. By the end of it, I just wanted Lloyd to Ninja-GO away!! 😂😂 What's the hardest thing you've ever done? Comment BELOW!
Please make a Michael Jackson cake nek week please Yolanda
my brother loves loyde to
I know people are looking forward to that movie, but honestly they changed the characters and voices so much, that I really think it's going to be a horrible film. My opinion though, cause I love the show. I'm a big fan, so it kind of stabbed me in the gut when I saw the trailer.
Her book kind of looks like Nerdy nummys cook book
Yolanda i am you fan
The circles on legos are called studs :)
YOLANDA CAN YOU GIVE MY SIS ALICIA A BIRTHDAY SHOUT OUT ON OCTOBER 5 IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER. SHE WATCH U ALL THE TIME .SHE WILL BE 11. thank  you
Yo Yo, please make a Marie Antoinette head for Halloween!   let them eat cake !!!
make a mailbox cake
I'm not quite sure about the symbol on his mask/bandana but it looks relatively similar to soil or earth, the closest translation I can come to is earth son hope this helps haha <3 love all of your cakes by the way, these are nice relaxing videos to watch after a long school day!
Pls make a camera cake!!!
Planet cakes would be cool too
plz do a powerpuff girls cake plz
Why don't you make a giant Barbie cake🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
You should make a cake of your face. A Yolanda Face Cake!!!
Yolanda is Cake queen \nLiza is Comedy queen \nWengie is DIY queen
Just a request you should make a laptop cake! Or a desktop!
#legocakehelptheripy
Make a life sized walter melon!!
I really want that cake ninja tee yo is wearing because I am a black belt in karate 🥋 and love to bake 🎂🍪
hard work well spent! ❤️
Hey everyone, Yolanda kneads black fondant! Please donate!
Can you cake an owl?!? Or maybe fox?
A Super Mario cake would be fun, or even a cake modeled after the game Tetris! Great job on this one though. You're so good, you make it look easy 😊
After spending that much time on a cake I would hate to even eat it 😂
Luh-loyd?
The Bandai mes green ninja
Do a video with your son
I'm sorry if I offend you by saying this but I just wanted to say when you yelled ninja go you kind of sounded like Jay's mom trying to act like Jay if you know what I mean
Me!!!!!!!!!! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
are you going to get a tattoo
#LegoCakeWoes   Can u make a cake without buttercream because I don't like buttercream
you should make a cake yoanda like if you aggree
How To Cake It\nyour awesome!!!!!!!
I love this cake. And this channel I love you! But I'm curious if there's a reason why your fondant is so thick? Does it make it easier to cover? Sturdier? 😊
#VIPSQUAD
Conect  boards is what they are
Can u do Aphmau's logo cake BTW Shes a minecraft roleplayer and i u cant do that do minecraft steve. \n\nUR THA BESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTT Bakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkerrrrrrrrrr eeeeeeeevvvvvveeeeeeerrrr!!!!!!!!!!! You inspired me to become a baker when i grow up
#LegoCakeWoes
This is harder https://www.instagram.com/p/BZEBzI5D7zF/
If you make a Moana cake I will be able to die happy
This is amazing but i couldnt help noticing how THICK the fondant is and i just wanted to ask why it was that thick :S
What do you do with the cake after you make it? Do you actually just eat the entire thing?
You basically built a skeleton out of wooden dowels LOL
You should make a naruto cake 😂
Make jiggly cheese cake please
It is my birthday on the 27th of October!!!
#vipsquad
#vipsquad great job on the cake yo i know it must be challenging to make a cake like Lloyd. I've never made a cake like that and never will be able to so great job
Can you please make a drum set cake
My birthday is in 2 days will you make me a polar bear theme cake plz. On tuesday
The character is the Japanese Kanji for friend. Thank you for saying character. Most people say letter, and understandably so^^
Still waiting on the ruler cake 📏
OMG hi
Anyone learn't about this channel from SimplyNailogical?
You should make a crown cake
The lego connector thingys are called studs and the hollow parts on the bottom are called antistuds
I am a Potato ARMY that has no live so i ask, This Make a BTS cake (This comment  Will never be noticed i am already a shame for armys 😂😭)  I HAVE REGRETS
Who else thinks that the rice crispy thing is like slime
please Yolanda for me can you do a hulk avenger cake
I wish I can eat all the cakes you ever made🍰
My friends keep saying his arm looks like a black thing 😂😂😂😂please forgive me
Make a pancake can
Attack on titan
make a suicide squad cake!!!
Who else kind of wanted to see her son's reaction to the cake?\n\n\n\n\n\nOh just me damn.
Who els thinks she should do the smallest cake in the world
I known you only bake on the channel but can you please do a house tour
Next you should make a maple leaf cake! 🍁 with some maple syrup 😏😋
You should make a fairytail nastu cake
I was waiting for her to bust out a little Lego Lloyd as her model.😂
Loid
Your son will officially become my best friend
You an iPad out of cake
You should make a maverick @LoganPaul
Skills.
It would be awesome if you could do beastboy from teen titans go\nLike if you agree
Make an oreo cookie cake!!
They are called studs
It means the green ninja
Hey Yolanda!\nDo you think you can make  gluten free cakes pls!☺️
The symbol on Lloyd's headpiece means Dragon.  There's a whole thing about how he's a dragon ninja, so that's what his symbol means. :)
I love your videos! They are so creative and full of talent! You should make a cake that looks like one giant rose 🌹!!
Please make a pizza cake 🙂
#sir squeeze squad
YOLANDA YOU MY GIRL ARE AMAZING!!!!!!
From Barcelona, I love your chanel, its an amazing present every tuesday. Congratulations! And thanks you!
Yolanda, my 6 yr old son loves watching your videos but I'm going to have to hide this one from him because I know he will ask me to do it!  Amazing job!!!
The little nubs are called nipples
Can you please make a giant taffy apple cake?!?!
Wow
#LegoCakeWoes
What do you do with the parts of the cakes that are cut off??
Ho East all this chakes
Treasure box
There are so many Lego figurine cakes out there but they have NOTHING on how perfect this is. I'm in awe.
9 pounds??? WOW thats *A LOT*
Everyone noticed her braces right
Make a sponge bob square pants cake
Mas nakikilig ako kay Kuya Will at Ate Alodia kaysa sa Mayward hahahahaha
She's such a bad student just like how she was in college LMAOO Pudra Hatchet shooting thoo hahahah love it
#22 ON TRENDING SAY WHUT?! WHERE SHOOKT!
What was haley drinking??
What happened to haley?
Poweer speermmm ahahaha yezerrrs
stop at 6:02
omg
Haley sounds cute when she speaks tagalog :)
Omg Congrats Wil!
WiLodia 💕
Dude just do medicinal marijuana.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10210369673300836&id=1312747002
Tsong 😋I'm your new fan .I just recently search your VLOG and what can i say ... it literally take over my life ...i've been watching your videos day & night . \nQuestion: Are you and Alodia really together ?
Will, help other couples get babies. You may download 'Just a Baby' app for iOS and Android and meet the people who want to be parents.
Loving Hut is a Vegan restaurant. Really delicious y'all should go there. There's one by Westfield or at Irving.
You don't need to put metal in your chest, you just need to find the better way, if I told you I get that parasites because there's someone not that good is, so do your best way
I love the way he cut and censored it 😂
I will subscribe back everyone wo subscribes too me! Comment when done
Need extra income ? View the link and then register. \nhttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=71929
https://www.facebook.com/disclosetv/videos/10155695323915628/\nWill, watch this link and go to Australia to try.
https://youtu.be/sHs0fbQRCzQ Please view for school purpose. Sorry for interrupting. Have a nice day, thank you!
POWER!!!👆👆
Nice Video WILL DAILY VLOGS DUDE
#Dasupreme
Shookening
Hilarious 😂. Thanks for making me laugh...
1m got click baited.
Wilodia or Alodiwil?
i am in love with your family and their support. God bless you. prayers sent bud
Family of the year !!! PS marry that girl Wil
Your family is so cool! 💕 cutecute.. Best wishes
Omy!! You and Alodia really looks good together! ❤️❤️❤️
https://youtu.be/8pT_iAeftfA for you wil....(Wil Have Cancer  What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ....Nooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Actually I first thought that wil and haley are twins.😂
okay... the caption worked! 1M views and counting...
Whatta champ for vlogging all of that. 🤣🙌
The first part was so awkward man. I almost want to skip or just close the video. I was laughing hard during those scenes. LOL
are they together???
Random question: What did you major in in College??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPSOtfVaPyk
What are cora, leblanc, laura emoji??
Phoramen
Hindi ko gets sino nanay?
Praying for u Wil....
Yay!!! 1M views na! Ayyeeee 😊😝
omg Hahahhahaha 😭😂😂😂
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
No choice dude! Good luck!
5:15 SO REAL
Have your women jerk you off.
http://successhare.com/?r=41174 click and get ez dollars
Easy to earn money by survey\nKindly click and work \n\nhttp://usdsurveys.com/?r=28200
Waiting for the new upload like 💀☠️
im new to this channel why is he jacking off again?
I really enjoy watching you wil, a big tsonggo fan;))
What's wrong with Haley??
Hahaha.funny you got me kuya wil..I pray it would come true.God Bless you sweet couples..❤️❤️❤️
Lol
TAE
I was def SHKUT lol ang dami kong tawa dito Wil >..<
# kilig pa more 😍   , grabe na eto can't   stop watching   wilodia  😶
owwww so sweet #wilodia 💖
That sperm convo part was jokes looool
#SHOOKT :D
OMG MY VIRGIN EYES😰😂
Wife naterial ni Madam Alodia. yay!! I Love you both. :) 😍
Kala ko makikipag-apir ka kay Alodia right after dun sa room 😂👐
Clickbait! Haha! Anyare kay Haley?
Wow. 1M views! 😊
💚
Love those grand tsonggo's anyway.
Wilodia❤️❤️❤️
Awesome😙😙😙😙
chonggo babies, hahaha
16th time here! Haha
Teka teka, is wilodia real af?
1 M views in 4 days. Shukt!
totoo po ba?wilodia😂😂😂
I'm blogging your blogging HAHAHAHAHA
( 7:20 )! Wilodia is real!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
The plague will be more widespread than AIDS\nTuesday, 7 May 2013 @ 22:35\nMessage 786\nMy dearly beloved daughter, how you have been distracted and allowed yourself to be taken out of my sight for the last two days.\nDon’t you know what created this diversion?\nBy missing just a day of Eucharist adoration, you were\n taken and abused in My Name, without protecting yourself as I have \ninstructed.\nMy instruction is that you continue to come before me \ndaily, and to recite the Most Holy Rosary, so that My Mother can cover \nyou with the protection you need in this work.\nSo many who are close to me gain a confidence which \nleads them to believe that no amount of suffering will stop them when \nthey carry out my mission, but this is only made possible when you call \non me to guide you.\nMy daughter, the beginning of a plague will soon be \nseen, as My Father will cast upon the Earth a punishment on those \nnations who insult him and who allow wickedness and injustice to be \ninflicted on poor innocent people.\nThis plague will be visible on the face and the sores will not be healed until the Great Chastisement is over.\nThe plague will be more widespread than aids and will be one of the first signs of the coming chastisement.\nThis will then be followed by a famine in one third of the Earth and will be witnessed during the reign of the Antichrist.\nAs the rule of the Antichrist spreads like a spider’s \nweb, so will it be matched by a series of chastisements poured over the \nfour corners of the world by the hand of My Father.\nDivine intervention will help to stop souls from being \n                             snatched by the beast through the power of the Antichrist.\nHis followers will suffer an agonising punishment and it will be seen on their faces through the plague.\nThey will not escape this severe punishment nor will those who carry out the wicked deceit over My Church on Earth.\nThis warning is being given so that those who doubt My\n Hand of Justice will understand, eventually, that men will suffer as \nthey did in the day of Noah should they turn their back on God.\nThe final insult against My Father, through the sin of war and abortion, will draw down his greatest punishment upon humanity.\nThe life of the unborn child, taken away so cruelly, \nand without remorse, will be punishable by death of the body and death \nof the soul.\nYour Jesus\n\nShare this:
I can't resist smiling when I hear Alodia's laugh & giggles, OH MY GOD
HEY I'M BLAGING!! YOR BLAGING!! I LAUGHED SO HARD!! 😂😂😂 I JUST REMEMBER YOUR MOM 😘
How was your first day of chemotherapy? Continued prayers for you, Will 👃🏽
ugh that stuff is terrible i feel for her but you feel so fresh and so clean afterwards XD
♡ N I C E ♡ W I L O D I A
Wait, Will and Alodia are dating?!?! Shookt
da topic. ridiculously hilarious. haha
Lmaooooooooo
I just love seeing your vlogs everyday wil! #kilig#shookt
lmaooooooooooooooooo
Hi Wil! I like you to see this video about T-cells reprogrammed to fight cancer... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kiDfLS0UXQ ....this is feasible although I dont know where these centers are... Are there any of it there in the states? Maybe somewhere in Silicon valley? I would dig deep enough where these centers are located and i would notify you. Just hang in there! May i know the type and kind of Cancer you have? I think you know this therapy is new in  its trial stage. But if you take a deeper understanding to this kind of Specific approach targeting the Cancer cells with T cells rather than just a shotgun approach like chemotherapy and radiation. It may even save your reproductive system and a lot of side effects that it may cause.\n\nYou know T cells are like specialized soldiers which is activated when it detects special proteins that are not normal or foreign inside the body. These T-cells are lethal and as last resort long term immunity given a specialized specific protein it makes a lock and key approach only targeting specific cells to fighting infection or foreign bodies and eats them away without harming other cells.
wow 1m
Oh. My. Goodness. Gracious. I am so happy for you. Haahahaha all praises and support from meeeee😂
Wow... I love this vlog Wil... And I like Pudra part of saying Use a tabo to Haley. Lol
Is alodia and wil are in a relationship or they're just sweet to each other? WILODIAAAAA!
Congrats bro u r are going to be a great father
wow! 1 million views na in 3 days, congrats wil you deserve it because you are the only one at Wala ng iba😁😁😁
Wil please watch this & Alodia, Hello Mudra\n\nhttps://youtu.be/lnvR5-ETbJM
Thank you Draven... you make Chester proud 👍👍
Your dad is proud of you.
you look just like him
Bless you Draven. Chester would be proud of you.
Atta boy.  LP community is with you Draven.
Bless your soul
God bless Draven!!! Much love!!
Kids going through some tough shit and he is thinking of others. Respect man
Well Said Dra...keep strong your an inspiration to others ♥
Great job young man! We encourage everyone to learn what questions to ask, and how to respond to those questions. It's the best be to help others in need! www.SuicidePreventionApp.com is a free public tool with everything you need and more to help others in need! Don't wait until it's too late!
You're in your own league Draven.\nGod bless you.\n\n\n\n\nWelcome to the League of Draven
The moment this kid opened his mouth it was like I hear Chester talking...stay strong...Chaz lives on
I love your dad.
Looks so much like his father. Well done for doing this Draven.
WATCH INTERVIEW ONLINE TOMORROW FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 15th HERE AT 5:30pm PACIFIC TIME :  http://www.cbslocal2.com/livestream.... For Samantha Bennington and Draven Bennington Exclusive. Family of the Late Chester Bennington from Linkin Park
good to see this. Stay positive man
holy shit, twin
all i see is that chester's nose
I'm spanish, can do you write what he did say? please!
♥
god bless you Draven
Chester is an hero, he didnt deserve to die from auto-erotic asphyxiation
I did the video about depression on my channel if you want to check it out
Anyone else sick of hearing about this guy? We get it he died, it was his own choice, life goes on.
Türkiye trendinde sonunda düzgün bişey aq
Love from Turkey
T\nÜ\nR\nK\nİ\nY\nE
❤  T  Ü  R  K  İ  Y  E  ❤
Lyrics\n\n\nTell me why you're crying\nAs I can see the faith in your eyes\nAnd I feel that you'll be fallin'\nDon't you know you're not alone now\n \nCrying\nNow I can see the faith in  your eyes\nAnd I feel that you'll be fallin'\nTell me where you wanna go\n \nSometimes you hide\nYou slide to empty spaces\nCoz you don't know who you are\nTo find, to find the light\n \nSometimes you hide\nSometimes you search for places\nTryin to find out who you are\nJust find, to find the light\n \nSometimes you hide\nSometimes you hide\n \nAnd now the day is dawning\nYou gotta break the silence\nCoz I, I don't wanna see you fallin'\nDon't you know you're not alone now\n \nRisin', you gotta break the silence\nCoz I, I don't wanna see you fallin'\nDon't you know where you wanna go\n \nSometimes you hide\nYou slide to empty spaces\nCoz you don't know who you are\nTo find, to find the light\n \nSometimes you hide\nSometimes you search for places\nTryin to find out who you are\nJust find, to find the light.
Amına koyim Minelli çok güzel şarkı yapıyorsun.
Birazdan Türk dolar buralar 👍
TÜRKSEN BEĞEN SAYIMIZI BİLELİM
Aq şu ormandaki slendermanmi
Mk bu 1-2 aydır ne  değişik şeyler trend e girdi   daha yabancılarda tutulmamiş şarkı 100 bin de bizde trend e nası giriyor mk ne yasiyonuz lan siz 😲
Kıyamet alameti gibi adeta, Trend'e giren bir şeyi ilk kez beğendim. Greetings from Turkey ❤
Check our new EDM video --> *RMA - TAKE ME AWAY (Official Music Video)*
wunderschön
Demekki trende clickbait videolar dışında kaliteli içerikler girebiliyormuş👍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeFrTk6PF14&t=23s
Trende girmeden öncede buradaydık
what a nice song! xo
Filthy Frank girl version in forest :D
Love from Turkey nice song
T Ü R K L E N D İ N İ Z <3
So cute
Berbat aq
güzelmiş aslında
türkiye trdendlerinde olmasnını sebebi neydiki aq
72 binde buradaydık hacı, 3 güne 510 bin olmuş.... Alper Nedim'e selam olsun :D
უსაყვარლესი მუსიკაა
Youtube Number one live music & live chat 👈
Get out turkish trends
ses hızını kontrol ettim usulca ;)
Naic
Tam çakma kotçu müziği.
Vantilatöre söyleyerekmi seslendirdin ablacım şarkıyı..
2 ay sonra waikiki mağazalarında...
Ne zamann çıkmış la bu şarkı
BU ŞARKI BAŞARILI ,YAZIN BAŞINDA ÇIKMALIYDI
TURKEYY
Trendlerde görmek güzel de zayni görmek üzdü...
Best song :)
waow
Bu sarkinin bastaki sountracki turk yesilcam filmlerindeki sarkiya benziyo aq calmis
Bu torku şekerinin değil miydi aq ?
Buralar değerlenir, safları sıklaştıralım.
Too much vibration.
Enes abi anamı sik
2:56 aleyna tilki
Best
Yea boiiiiii
I can't stop listening to this song :(
Greetings from Turkey! 🇹🇷🙋👍
mitodan gelenler
Önlerden rez alayım
SELAM ARKADAŞA BAKIP ÇIKICAM
Buralar değerlenir ben yerimi alayım.
https://youtu.be/SQzUf_DKT0o - MİX 2018 DAMGA VURACAK (Mutlaka Dinleyin)
Ya böyle kaliteli bi iş nasıl Türkiye trendine girer len amq istemiyoruz böyle birşey trend de enes batur çatur çutura tepki videosuyla dolmalı trendimiz böyle kaliteli bi iş kabul edilemezzz
Buralar değerlenir Amazing song😀
Baştaki su sesi ALEYNA TİLKİ ÖZENTİSİ
Minelli is becoming (hopefully) an international artist like Inna or Alexandra Stan! ❤
Abi bu ne güzel bişey
intihar etmeden önce dinlenebilecek şarkı, tabi baska güzel şarkılar da var secilebilecek
Very Good !!!
OO türkler burda bana bi anlatın bunu neden trend yaptınız gencler neden bu :D
Olm harbi güzel şarkı lan
Eyy Mine elli Türk Halkına Teşekkür borçlusun
Bu niye trendlerde de sinan akçıl deyil trende kaliteli minecraft olmayan içeriğe hayır
Trendlerde bunun ne isi var olm nerde manigıraft nerde kılickbayit nerde tepki kaliteli videonun trendlerde ne isi var olm
Yine birileri Lc Waikiki müziği yapmış
Trendlerde böyle kaliteli şeyler görmeyeli baya oldu elim ayağım titriyor...
Müthiş len ama tr trendinde ne işi var
Nice
Önlerden REZ
Türkler arkanda reyiz sen aleyna gibi degilsin
Rez
Buralar değerlenir bak gör
kaliteli saund
hergün ufoda kankilerimle açıp kopuyoruz ohaoadhsasaghagdaxd
migrosta çalar
vesselam
As bayrakları as as as
Hayret mk youtubeda ben prenses kadin falan gormeyi hayal ediyordum gercekten ciddi bir ilerleme var
Bu kadin nereli ? Türkler burdaysa bi cevap verin
Thumbnaili Danla Bilic sandım aq 😂😂😂😂
Mithrain'den <3
Türkiye trendlerinde ilerliyor. Burda olanlar +1
yAW ENeS ABi'DeN NerELeRE GeLdM yAwW
o kadar güzel ki eridim
Harika verin veriştirin linkini.
Love from Poland ❤
Göksele benzeten bir ben miyim 😂😂😂🤣❤️
Evet , tilt olan Mithrainden geldim * MITO POWAA*
Tam DeFacto veya LCWaikiki müziği gibi
Herkesin aklında aynı soru: Bu şarkı neden TR trendlerine girdi?
kANALIMA DESTEK OLABILIRMISINIZ YENIYIM LUTFEN ABONE OLABILIRMISINIZ\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MCaP6wW_nY&t=59s
Lan TÜRKler nerde tek kaldım burda aqü
Berkcan güven gibi haydi türkiye \nTÜRKİYE TÜRKİYE OH OHH TÜRKİYE
Trendlerde doğru düzgün bir video görmeyeli bayağı oluyor
Begeninde yabancilar bisey yazdim sansin
burası da türk olmuş her yerdeyiz
Aha yine benim halkım burda 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
Me encantó 😍😍🤗 UNA MEXICANA AQUÍ!! alguien más?? 🇲🇽🌯
I am not k pop fan,but when the first time i watch gfriend song,showtime,and all about them,i want stand to this group,because they friendship are really like what i want,they never care about they image but show us they funny gay and talent,they song are so beautiful and make me feel to my past story,they have a pretty and cute face so i can be a gay toooo hehe,even i dont have friend like them but just watch them i can be happy and feel iam with them,so buddy please give more support to our baby becauce i believe we can make them success til d end\nBtw sorry for my bad english and my long comment..
3.842.099 views 😢 Please keep streaming 😢 Please give lots of love for these 6 girls 😭 buddies FIGHTING 💪
Dont forget vote gfriend on Mcountdown buddies 😊
They never dissapoint me
*BUDDIES* will share umbrella with them
this song deserves more 💗💗
Eunha is sooooo beautiful.I like her......Eunha FIGHTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm not a fan of girl group but I do listen to popular songs. I have once listen to G friend album which is very rare and I listen to their songs very often even if I'm not a buddy. Their elegant yet refreshing style is the one that keeps people supporting them. Personally as a non fan i think G friend is the best girl group for atleast this new kpop era
No doubt that GFRIEND was so absolutely great... Fall in love  with they all...  Especially eunha, yuju and umji....  Umji was improved a lot...  Proud of uri maknae.... 😍😍😍 GFRIEND and BUDDY Fighting.!!!  ONCE here to support!!! #twicefriend #twicefriendisreal
This song is like sad version of love whisper i like it
redveluv here to support\nthis song really good hehe
THE WORLD WILL KNOW GFRIEND'S NAME!!
please buddies, where are you!!!??
Seriously, this song really made my heart melts. Its making me soft.
No doubt!  I stan the right group!  I STAN TALENTS,  I STAN GFRIEND 👏👏😍😍
I like this song~
Gfriend = inspiration to me.
New buddy
Aahhhhhhhh love this song so muchhhh!!!!!!💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
❤️ Vocals Cutes Is GodGfriend
Their each and every song touches my heart😍😍😍. This one is no exceptional 😘😘
Wnat to hear a joke? \n\n\n\nRead more
yuju please cut yr bang a bit please
Bad song go to hell
gfriend bring back melodies to kpop...please save the girl :)
I love all of them
The song and choreos look soo beautiful and elegant. Need dance mv rn
i love this concept♡ i am starting to like gfriend more and more
Keep streaming
fighting my love
Wow it nice😳
Streaming streaming streaming 👌
여친이들 힘들겠다...
슬퍼슬퍼 징징
진짜 들을수록 좋다 ♥
Eunha so beautifull
Gfriend 超棒的 加油加油~~~~❤❤❤
I love sowon unnie
여자친구 꽃길만걷자♥♥♥
likeee it so muchhh {}
♡
Rough 2.0
3.870.272
이번 노래 진쨔 조아여♡
LAS AMOOOO!! CHILE LOVES YOU!! <3
3.856.448
http://th-api.fsnasia.net:40404/api/landing/google_play_store/?referrer=20063803667
Good
sowon linda
3,880,069 \nKeep Streaming Buddies\nRoad to 4M 💖💖💖
이런 여러가지 매력들 땜에 팬이됬지❤❤❤여자친구 사랑해!!!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤×무한
한국인버디분들 어디계세요?💙💙💙
9월13일에 오기로 했는데에에!!! 후훗 좋으니 봐준당..!
귀를 기울이면하고 음이 비슷한것 같아요
갓친 최공❤❤❤❤❤여름비 대박나고 여친 흥해라❤❤
예린 센터 웰케 적음?! 담엔 센터분량 좀 늘렸으면..
또 컴백.. 후렴부분 귀를기울이면 비슷하네
귀를 귀우리면은 노래가 비슷하고 춤은시간을 달려서 랑 비슷
I miss the reff that sang by all members
leave at least one comment while streaming guys... like, did you guys see how cool gfriend in idol school? or anything... 😆😆😆
WAIT HEAR THE MUSIC IN THE START? THATS THE PIANO IN LOVE WHISPEERRRRRRRRRR AT THE END
I wish that their comeback they use the white mic it will be prefect and cool i am i love wif the vocal their song is 100% omg ❤️❤️❤️ but they must be v tired they have 3 comeback this year i wish their company give them break and go back to their family
my girls are so pretty~~ ❤❤❤
It reminds me to someone
que les pasa buddys reproduzcan en MV para tener más visitas si podemos llegar a más no se rindan
BUDDIES LETS KEEP STREAMING AND KEEP SUPPORTING GFRIEND!!!
Soo beautiful..😊😊 ONCE here.. supporting gfriend..🙋🙋🙋
Soon 4M❤
you es
와우!!!!!
LOVE 💘💘💘
gfriend💓
아주nice
💞💞😍😍
Wonderful song!😍😍😍
Once here to support GFRIEND.
太喜欢了
Love love love this song 😘😭
Like 👍👍👍👍👍
continuation of love wishper<3
eunhaaaaa cantik banget 😍😍
💛💛💛💛
👍
가을인데 여름비가나오네...
여름비
귀를귀울이면나온지 얼마나 됐다고...\n어쨌든 여친이들 노래 너무너무 좋다❤
❤여자친구❤넘 예뿌다!!!여자친구 최고속 컴백!!홧팅!!다치지말아요(T^T) 소원언니파트 좀줘라!!소원언니가 노래 못부르는것도 아닌데!!소원언니 넘 예뿌♥♥
1.유리구슬\n2.오늘부터 우리는\n3.시간을 달려서\n4.너그리고나\n5.핑거팁\n6.귀를기울이면\n7.여름비
은하 목소리너무 이쁜거아닌가요 ♡♥
노래가 좋아요. 잘 듣고 갑니다. ^^
여자친구 대다나다 2달도 않된거 같은데......
good morning buddy I'm back 👋☺😊
They going to promote this comeback for 2 weeks only so I hope they can win tropies. \nHwaiting Buddies let's support our Gfriend 😊😊😊
Umji part is killing part..
노래가 슬프다....그래도 여치니들 짱!🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒
음원이 거의다 똑같냐 이게 컴백이냐
summer rain is doing moderately on korean charts, but love whisper is having longevity!! still a good year for gfriend!!! next year hope source music STEPS UP and bring back the magic of Gfriend. fighting!!!!
is there going to be a Rainbow MV??? PLEASE ANSWER!!!!
여자친구 언제나 이쁘고 좋아요!!!노래는 당근이구여 얼굴은 말할꺼없이 좋아여
satu minggu kalau bisa 8m .. harus bisa please .. viwers ini jg menentukan win di beberapa music show..
https://i2.wp.com/theralphretort.com/wp-content/uploads/JIM1.jpg\n\nhttps://i1.wp.com/theralphretort.com/wp-content/uploads/jimmmmmmm.jpg\n\nJust to remind Jim Sterling he too is one of these boys.
Sorry, Jim, but we gotta take the bad with the good. Every time I see YouTube try to shut down channels or censor videos because of content it doesn't like (not illegal or against ToS it just doesn't like it) I get a little more comfortable with the notion of Net Neutrality going away and companies like YouTube having to pay through their fucking nose to keep their monopoly on video content to the ISPs.
PewDiePIe sympathizers are such scum... I dont even care about the N word thing, the dude is a whiny little child that thinks acting like an amped up 12 year old is funny, people that are fans of this crap are barely a step above the morons that let FRED become popular.
Damn it pewds, stop fucking up. \nPpl are free to mouth off, but no one is obliged to tolerate or enjoy it. I'm sick of some people telling others to shut up and tolerate what disgusts them.
I'm surprised he hasn't torn into Jontron about his whole racial thing if he mentioned Pewdiepie (I know Jim mentioned it on his twitter). Not saying that I agree or disagree with what Jon said, but I do agree with Jim's statement that that the freedom of speech doesn't include the freedom of the consequence of said speech.
The Internet:  Being a total dickbag and getting called out on it and all of your followers defending you.
The gaming industry is becoming poison and this video expresses many prime examples of why.
Man, seems like Pewds has been spending too much time on 4chan, same thing happened to one of my best friends. Suddenly jokingly using anti-Semitism and using the n-word and then only apologizes after he realizes no one else is laughing, and those who are  laughing are people you wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole.
You fear youtube regulation?! Google probably will buy the government. Already happening in the third world.
Ironic Jim being a liberal he could replace the Good Boys of youtube sarcam with HRC and his video would still work. Besides that, what does the www stand for in front youtube, the wild wild west...
You threw him under the bus. How nice of you.
Fuck anyone bashing pewds, racism is a fucking way to go, europe is falling because of LACK of racism, fuck any nonwhite pussy for getting offended
I know its the current youtube system that people like pewdiepie have to keep their heads down or youtube, advertisers, copyright holders go mad but I feel like its youtubes fault for overreacting/lazily using bots to censor and demonitise alot of creators. especially the content rating being is this video suitable for a 5year old being the standard for restrictions? Look at tv, film, radio is that all aim at the friendly for a 5year old?
Just a bit of hair-splitting here -- ESRB didn't step in to regulate games, that organisation is the game industry itself attempting to self-regulate and keep it's shit together to avoid clueless moralizing outsider Hatchet People coming around and dictating terms of existence to the industry.
Google needs to just wake the hell up and self-regulate.  The ESRB was created BY the gaming industry as a form of self-regulation in order to prevent ignorant politicians from introducing their own regulations which would probably make no sense, because the people making them would have known nothing about the medium.  Google could easily implement a rating system for content creators to apply to their own videos and a reporting system for users to call out false ratings.  For example, if a gamer rated a video AA for All Audiences, then dropped a curse word at 3:41 into the video, users could just click a link, select profanity from a dropdown, then insert the time of the offense.  It'd take less than 30 seconds to fill out, and less than 60 seconds for a person or program to check and rectify.  Then advertisers can choose what content ratings they're okay advertising on, just like with every other medium, and everything's fine.  It's no more difficult to implement than the existing description and comments sections on Youtube, and WAY easier to follow and enforce than the idiotic algorithms they're using now.
It really goes to show you can't do anything involving black people these days without some moron (usually a guilty white person) screaming about racism?\n\nFamiliar words Jim?\n\nYeah, that was you back in 2009, before you hooked up with a living SJW stereotype and sold your soul.
The adpocalypse didn't have anything to do with pewdiepie in the first place...
Things aren't looking too well for Google in the we don't need people, lets automate everything! front. \nAdvertisers are dropping from YT due to the shit mentioned above.\nGoogle Drive is turning into the biggest completely free porn storage platform due to lack of regulation.
TL,DR: Don't say bad words and ruin the gravytrain for the rest of us.
its a word, who fuckin cares
How did she get her trousers on over her shoes?
But if wrong points are converted from dollars, then surely they would have earned 349773.50 wrong points, after converting the fine from pounds?
I'm not sure you really understand you are also part of the problem. You think your mouth of bin is gonna help either? If I were an advertising personal you would be blacklisted alongside PewDiePie.
That last bit of this video where you talk about where youtube could be headed is like, wow, spooky.
just to add more insult to injury: PewDiePie is now also a climate change denier, i wonder what comes next? anti vaccine?
Nigga Nigga Nigga oh no im such a bad boy
tmartn didnt even have to hire a lawyer he just told the judges he was sorry while petting his dog. thats why nothing bad happened to him
Here comes the moralizing... If it looks like a church lady, and sounds like a church lady, it's probably Jim F. Sterlingson.\n\nWe get it. N-word: bad \n                  PewDiePie: bad \n                  little boys doing little boy things online: bad\n\nAnd yes, the largest vid-speaker on the prop-box has to set a -golden- (wait, that might be construed as racist) BRONZE standard as the one king to school them all; because the huddled masses are both too stupid to AND have no right to do or think independently, especially at the risk of fee-fees getting hurted. Anything else? Certain Video Nasties you need to censor while you're at it? Any pixelated mammaries in need of surgical reduction? And how soon before one of your acolytes sends \nJohn Anderton with a big ol' blue ball after me because I might (just might!) -vote libertarian- be a racist, bigot, white, homophobe, transphobe etc?
So the face of Youtube said the N word on a livestream and those two dickheads made apology videos. Youtube is clearly a sinking ship by this point. Like a ship in a kiddie pool.
African American's literally don't give a fuck....
It seems to be a slip of the tongue
I think TMarTn got more hate than Syndicate did
Fuck you Political Correctness warrior Sterling. You shake a pink dildo around, Closet Fag ! Pewds will avoid any legal action, he has not broken any copyright. Why aren't you shitting on black rappers for saying N. Pewdiepie didn't abuse a black person, no racism !
Here come the pewdiepie fan boys..
I hate the SJW movement. I swear a lot, drink, and am generally very relaxed with the use of words others might consider taboo because Im not easily offended. I like pewdiepie. I liked watching his content and have loved his new pubg streams, because Im a fan of shooters. But Im not making excuses. Some people may crusade that the nword is a taboo and all taboos must be erased, but the truth is just because a few people can be okay with something doesnt give you the go ahead to drop words without thinking in front of a crowd. Sometimes you can hurt others, and people are going to lash back in that scenario. People who want to do the right thing are given gas to the flame when you act this way. And I think its a shame he did it. I think its a shame that Im not surprised.
Oh no.... YT removing wrong think... darn.... Its almost like there *needs to be* a platform that pays up loaders for views... because patrion isnt a thing.\nThere are other places one can upload videos, people just need to start using them...
Is Jim seriously advocating for regulation of youtube content? Steam Greenlight is one thing, but it would be a detriment for Jim to go against fellow Youtubers. Whether or not you like PewDiePie doesn't mean you can't force him to not freely express in youtube. Jim is a hypocrite
Ok, let's condemn and ban people for saying the bad racist word. Oh, how many rap and black excellence channels would just collapse instantly.\n\nAllowing or banning someone from saying things based solely on skin color is way more racist than any word. \n\nThis video is pretty hypocritical.
C'mon Jim, its not like he said something actually bad like transmisogyny or gamers are dead. Cut him some slack.
what is his intro song?
Pewdiepie just keeps proving that it's hard to be king.
we don't have the technology. we can't rebult him better and ostrich'er then before
So we can just pick and choose who can and can't use racial slurs now. Idubbbz can say it all the time and even h3 has said it from time to time but everyone was okay with it because we knew it wasn't them trying to be racist. But when pewdiepie lets it slip out and apoligizes for it, he is guilty and is a racist?
I love iDubbbz.  He says ni**er fa**ot ALL the time and I don't even flinch because I know it's not coming from a place of hate.  He is as transparent as you get and never holds back.   Many Youtubers are NOT transparent and they claim to love and respect every living thing that ever lived ever.  So, if one of them lets a word like n*gger slip out, it gets people thinking about how that person reeeaaallly feels about the things and people around them.  Maybe they aren't being as honest with you as you think.  When something like that happens, you don't actually KNOW where it came from (hate or passion) and that's what makes people uncomfortable.\n\nI wish more people understood this.  It's not the word.  It's the users attitude.  It would break my heart if someone like the Nostalgia Critic was caught on cam using the N word because he always makes it a point to show that he cares about the feelings of others.  iDubbbz never has.  But he's also not hateful.  I don't disagree with Jim about PewDiePie but probably for different reasons.  Jim would probably never be okay with that word being uttered around him.  \n\nAlso the fact that those CS:GO guys got away with that shit it fucked up.
If you can't understand the Adpocalypse goes way beyond Pewdiepie and is all about censorship and controlling dissent, what can I say, ignorance is bliss I guess?
Oh ProSyndicate AKA SynHD... I had to explain to my 9yr old niece why SynHD wasnt present in most of CaptainSparklez' Mianite episodes. I had to explain what he did. \nI dont get why Tom felt the need to lie. Greed I guess. But it was and still is extremely disappointing.
Wow, allot of people thing Racial slurs are just Bad words wtf has this world come to.
So you can sarcastically defend people trying to get children hooked on gambling and doing matchfixing, but someone saying a dirty word is a bridge too far for you because you think him saying it might affect your wallet? Have you considered wearing your smelling salts as a necklace for the next time the vapors hit?
1. First part was important as it harm people.\n2, SEcond part was quite stupid. USa tv shows have Black people call each other nigga instead of hello or friend like every 5 seconds, How exactly you expect 99% of the world take white boys whining about racism seriously after that? Ofc he used that word because everyone uses it, Words and their meaning changes, Its not a racial slur anymore,
Did u see how shit the character and the chute looked when parachuting down. No physics in this game😬
Why do you use the same fucking music in every fucking video. There are tons of songs not being cock mongled by copyright but you're insistent on using the same fucking music for every video. It's fucking lazy is what it is.
YouTube Kids (apps) exist, leave my content alone I'm an adult subbing for the content I want to watch, all these content creators censoring themselves and altering their content to make money off their content all because of PewDie-fucking-Pie and the WSJ debacle ruined it for everyone else. If I want to watch content with vulgarity at the age of 21 why should that impact everyone else?? Push the app that does exist and leave my grown up content alone. I'm a fucking adult stop family friendifying my entertainment source and by extension life. As an Australian this means my entire country will be censored soon so quit it YouTube. Cheers cunt.
What a fucking joke: advertisers can put up with scheming gamblers but not with a dude who says the N-word. Come on, Sterling, get a bloody grip.
Jim is a fuckin SJW?!? \ngood lord, how many brave critics have fallen under the SJW tyranny?
that's not an ostrich that's an emu
Boy it's a good thing the volatile and grey nature of Youtube is partly held to the whims of a manbaby who can't not be a raging moron for more than a few months.
6:49 I'm pretty sure that's an emu not an ostrich.
They should have been found guilty they knew what they were doing. It was a cash grab, they're still cunts.
All these people want to get mad over a slur but are completely silent on Anita Sarkesian's support of racial segregation in public schools.
I love Jim videos but god, why did he have to use such disgusting footage ? The game with the giant spider at the start of the video was horrible. Its not even funny, just simply disgusting.
321 of my videos have been marked as not for all advertisers. So thanks pewdiepie for causing me to lose a huge chunk of my income.
Delete delete delete in 3 2 1 BOOM!!!!
Are traps naggers?
the dislikes are seriously depressing
I disagree.
https://youtu.be/UkRDGwmRRHY
Says ostrich size, uses emu instead 😥
Shut up Jim
LOL the amount of dislikes
Invite Destiny 2 plz
Thank you.
Pewdiepie did nothing wrong.
Samuel Jackson approves
PREEEAAACH! Preach Jim!
This video doesn't deserve the dislikes that it has
Dem SJWs has business by the balls, don't force their fair ungendered hands to crush'em! -not gonna support you there, Jim.  Your country has had it's own share of perpetually insulted trying their hardest to oppress people, and it's best not to let them have it.
Wow. Just get a heart attack aleady, tub of lard.
At least Pewdiepie does say sorry when doing something wrong, unlike Jim Sterling with this video....
Wow... as someone that courts controversy I would have never through that you would defend fraud (even in sarcasm) and so viciously attack a slip of the tongue.  You Mr Sterling, are not as big of a man as I thought you were.
Jim, I think you need to be clear on whether you believe the Firewatch dev is abusing DMCA or not. It's starting to look like your contempt for PewDiePie is holding precedent over something that is a potentially larger issue. If they were to get away with it, what's stopping other devs from copyright striking other let's players that they dislike for completely unrelated reasons to the actual let's play?\n\nThe firewatch devs gave streamers permission to make videos of their games and the dev even admitted that PewDiePie's videos likely helped make him money.
Sorry Jim, you had me till 8:30, then you ripped on a guy using a word. One word? Those other fools IMO are guilty of crimes sure but Pewdiepie? We have all said worse. Anyway keep up the good work mate.
This is probably the worst episode of JQ ever. Lets hope the show does not keep degrading in quality
Yep lets just throw Pewdiepie under the bus for being *purposefully* taken out of context by a group of so-called journalists, and again for using a word which is actually *too* common in many highly-competitive multiplayer games. Obviously he's the one who didn't do his journalistic research on actually understanding the context of events, and obviously he was the one to turn competitive multiplayer games into an insult acid bath. Oh wait no, he just said a word he shouldn't have, apologized for it, and then was falsely struck with a copyright strike by a begrudged developer of a boring walking simulator game he played over 2 years ago.\n\nAlso the adpocalypse was not Pewd's fault, it was the fault of YouTube overreacting to news coverage of a Coke Cola advertisment being on a terrorist propaganda video. YouTube now has an AI which uses algorithms to automatically demonetize videos based on their titles, and to a *shadier* extent, the content creator.\n\nIf you seriously think YouTube hasn't been actively gutting itself over the past 2 years you are rather oblivious.
Can you just not fuck it?  ...Jim, I don't think you understand the internet.  The point is to figure out how to fuck everything. :)
Poor guy, said a bad word while being salty\heated and then apologized for it.\nDamn you all for making me feel something something about pdp.
Pewdiepie is a liablity\n\nJim Pewds is bigger than 90% of gaming channels on youtube combined face it hes is the fucking face of youtube for a reason. If he goes down so does a significant part of youtubr
I feel like this level of sarcasm will still go over the heads of the 'average' American of states person
Pewdiepie isnt the singular or even the starting factor of the adpocolyps \n\nIt began with (remembering of the top of my head) huffpo and some other old media news outlet writing various articles on YouTube, actual NeoNazis and the fact that some truly disturbing videos were getting adverts on them. \nThis is what began it then the fuel added to the fire was extreme left nutters whom never heard the phrase stick n stones growing up and thus feel anything that offends their sensibilities should be removed from existence rather than ignoring.
Jesus Christ, this comments section. I support pewdiepie's right to say what he said and I support Jim's right to criticise it. I personally stand with Pewdiepie more because if the majority of people decide he's terrible, they'll stop watching him and he'll either have to change or fade into obscurity and as long as he's not sincerely advocating violence, he can say all sorts of terrible shit because we, like Jim, can at least act rationally and explain why we disagree. We're all adults, we have to accept that people will say things we think are unbelievable and vice versa, and as for the fear of children watching there's a reason YouTube Kids exists. This isn't my most coherent paragraph but I thought I might as well chuck my opinion into the cesspool, feel free to disagree.
do words or actions make a person racist?
i think everyones greatly overreacting. \n\n\n\n\nright?
I don't think what Pewds said is excusable, but I also don't think it's fair to say he has to worrie about other people's channels just because he happens to be the top youtuber, it's not his responsibility\nBesides am surprised how Jim spended so little time on the Dmca takedown claim, this is a creator that took down a video, without reason, admiting that the only reason was because he didn't like pewdiepie, it's a complete abuse of the law, expecially considering that he had previously given consent for streamers and gameplay.. You would think someone like Jim, that had to deal with this shit in the past, would criticize the creator for abusing this sort of copyright strikes
Way to be a fucking hypocrite huh?
I have to disagree with the notion that Pewdiepie should be held accountable for the Adpocalypse, because what dumb shit he says reflects on his character and his brand, not Youtube's.  At least, it really shouldn't. \nInstead of pushing these vague advertiser friendly guidelines onto everyone and having bots aggressively stripping people's income away with no feedback whatsoever, Youtube needs to set rigid, clear guidelines for what is and is not acceptable on this website.  No one else has the power to do that but Youtube.  If you break these guidelines, then you put your own channel at risk, up to Youtube's discretion.\nThe reason Youtube even went in the awful direction it did was because the charlatans at the WSJ wrote article after article debasing Youtube's public image based off of claims taken out of the original context and warped to become a message that isn't accurate in the slightest.  Youtube made the executive decision to punish everyone and kneel to these ridiculous accusations, instead of defending the free speech and independent nature of its content creators.\nI don't defend hateful or extreme content behind hosted on this website, but Youtube can't remain laissez-faire about what gets uploaded while preemptively demonetizing hard working users because some bot that can't understand context thought their video was hateful.
someone said a single word and because they said that word they are evil racist filth.
PewdiePie has nothing to do with Tmartin and the other twat. Yes it's absurd those two got away with their little gambling scheme. But PewdiePie saying some racial slur and being blamed for the collapse of youtube in whatever form is frankly absurd. It's his responsibility to represent himself, not everyone else who might some day hope to make some money off youtube. And Jim you are being a hypocrite here. You go around making episodes where you pretend to have sex with some plastic chips or whatever, swing around some giant purple dildo, tape cereal to your face and do god knows what, to name a few. You're not exactly mainstream family-friendly advertising material, either. You may think that's not nearly as bad as saying the oh-so-naughty n-word, but frankly that's subjective and irrelevant. Only reason you are not in the same crosshairs is because, yes, you don't have the same audience size as someone like PewdiePie, or simply because some MSM outlet hasn't found you and decided to make you its focus on the depravities of the internet or whatever other bullshit.
Fucking niggers.
Sure blame, PewDiePIe, and not YOUTUBE AND GOOGLE.
I agree with you bagging on PDP, but I feel you also need to take a harder look at the Vanaman reaction.\n\nPDP was a dick, unquestionably, he said something idiotic in the moment and should get a lot of flak for that. He's a huge role model and the face of youtube. He has much more responsibility than he'd like and people are now holding him up to that, so I suppose he'd better cry himself to sleep in his millions and then (at the risk of misogyny) MAN THE FK UP!!.\n\nThis Vanaman characters response is disproportionate, vindictive, mean spirited, incredibly divisive and with the intention of destroying another persons livelihood. Why didn't he just say that he didn't approve/demand an apology/ request that PDP take down videos featuring his content/ suggest a large charity donation or all of the above reasonable and rational reactions. Be the bigger (dammit) VanaMAN.\n\nTheirs far too many nasty fks using 'morality' as a shield and they need to be called out on their bullshit.
Go Pewds! Fuck the haters!
Why is this movie even a thing? It's literally just porn that you gotta pay to watch 🤦🏻‍♂️😂 and now there are gonna be millions of cucumbers in movie theaters 💀
well thanks for fucking spoiling things. i haven't even seen the first two, and now they show that they got married??!!!!
Wait. Didn't we get this crap this year? And there' already going to be another one? Fucking hell.\nMore crap. Amazing.
Made a video defending the second one please head on over to my channel and check it out.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V40Cv4Sb_ZU&t=280s
Rest in peace fan fiction
Why does he sound like Batman now?
I'M SO READY FOR THIS
YAAAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!! I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thought the thumbnail was zac efron at first glance
Oh no, Hurricane Fifty Shades has come upon us!
Personally I love the fifty shades series... I love drama and complex characters that's why. Also I read the books and the third is the best.
Haters gonna hate. I can't wait to see this movie
I just saw Fifty Shades Darker today (I know BARELY!?) and really liked it. It had some funny moments and waaaaayyyyy better than the first!
I bet you $ 13456324567 dollars you didn't read that number.\nYou just skipped right over it.\nYou didn't even realize I put a letter in it.\nNo I didn't but you went back and looked.\nI want my like
Why is Christian in swimming trunks? He should at most be in a Speedo! They are in Nice after all... XD
This looks like shit.
This shit again? smh
Wait what
Aaaaaahhhhhh
0MG OMG CHRISTIANNNN
OH MY GOD. FINA FUCKING LY
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y9bh9jb3
What's next? Fifty shades in shading
Can't wait to see more porn 😏
oh look! at all the people who come to the comments just to talk shit, lol i never knew you guys were so bored with life.
I thought this kinda of weird shit died ages ago
Introducing anther rape story like 50 shades of grey.
So its as boring as the other one.
It's funny how most of u hate this movie and think it's shit so why the hell are u here watching it? If u don't like it, then don't watch it. It's that simple. Lol.
I thought the title was a parody. It's too corny
i thought this was a parody........... shit
He should change the girl.to a big boobs
Can't wait for part 2
A trailer for the next movie in less than 8 months… wow
HELL YEAH IM READY FOR MORE.
Why god why end this series plz
go watch porn its free you fucking hoes
Read the books already
What are these movies about?
*The world is full of sex... addicted to sex.... the world is full of filthiness..*
The thumbnail dude is the tom platz of abs.
Since when does Mr Grey have an Irish accent?
I can't wait to see this!😜
❤❤😏😏 I love Jamie and Dakota!!
Can they just fucking stop? These movies are dogshit.
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/yb4bz5r3
It's an action movie now lol
I would think she would realize by now that billionaires have a lot of stuff. There should also be a choker on her even on their wedding day.
This is twilight for lonely women in their 30s
Why is this still a thing?💀
Fifty Shades a Stranger
Oh yes😍🤧
FREAKING FINALLY!!!!!! Like OMG YASSSS
jahahaha 😷😷
at least we have a killer soundtrack to look forward to!🤷🏼‍♂️🔥
Black Panther Is Going To Blow This Up
I can't wait!
when you realize its still half a year away😑
Christian ❤️ My Man 😍 Jamie Dornan🙏🏼 Eternal💫
ANOTHER ONE\n\nANOTHER ONE\n\nANOTHER ONE
P
Ugh.
Wtf
SOOOOOO EXCITED !! I'm in tears !😭😭💍
I seriously can't wait. And I don't watch it for the romance I watch it for the drama. The mystery.
Mrs.Grey? MY TEACHER IS IN THIS?
What the what I'm freaking out 😲
theatres will be packed
OMG. 😫😫😫💕💕😍
STOP MAKING THESE
Double toasted brought me here
Another shit omg
Nice
mencanta😍💕
this is shit 😂
Please fucking stop
NO GOD PLEASE NO. \nNO. \n*NO* \n*NOOOOOOOOO*
Please kill me now
omfg?!?
Plz sub our channel
Can't fucking wait!!
0:39 😍😍😍😍. Aswm💖.
OH MYGODDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Can't fucking wait!
You know they are desperate when the put *TRAILER DROPS THIS NOVEMBER!!!!!!!*
Did anyone see dat bulge at 0:37
Oh ffs...when will they stop making this garbage ??!!!!!!
He is getting fat
Another fifty shades movie.  Lonely women are happy
Is Christian a Freemason? Which is why I never saw the movies. I watched whatever Kirk Cameron or Faith Films or Front street Productions did. I like more substance.
Fifty Shades of Sexual Torment Part 3. The Return of 'You're not Actually Gonna see Dick.'
They're still making these?
what's up with everyone liking this movie?
The Twilight franchise look better compared to this crap.
Seriously I rather watch porn then this stupid fucking movie
Fuck off
Ana has a boring hairstyle
Wait... I felt like the 2nd one just came out
Stop making these shitty fucking movies
Why is she still with him?
When the biggest youtuber says de n word its like ww3. \nIts just a word, I know pewdiepie did a mistake but everyone makes mistakes
Man people still get mad about a fucking word?? Most jews can laugh about holocaust jokes nowadays and that was only 80 years ago... Damn nigger faggots need to get the sand out of their pussies.
it's not a big deal what the fuck
Why does even people care its just a Word
Yeah its a word, but people are still using that word to perpetuate hate and racism. As a well known public figure, using language which stems from violence can cause other people to believe its okay to use it. And its not.  People are still being killed for the way they look.
omg... why is this so big.. white people say the N word all the time.. like fuck
Almost every YouTuber  that games is an idiot. Fuck you. Fight me.
White people are really butt hurt, why?
1 word cause a lot of hate\n\n\n\n\n\nInternet
It's a fucking word holy shit. People are so sensitive goddamn.
2017 people getting butt hurt over nothing for real
Its a word nigger is a fuckin word if niggers call eachother nigger and its disrespectfull its hypocritical and must not be a bad word if its used by niggers
I don't understand life 😂 why does anyone care is he says ni**er cuz honestly people have opinions
WHO GIVES A FUCK ABOUT A WORD FUCKING PUSSIES
I can tell all these people/youtubers that got offended have no personality also if it's about the ad revenue just goes on to show that they don't care about their fans\nAlso the creator of firewatch says in his website youtubers can make videos on his game and he says the game made pewdiepie a millionaire when the truth is his game wouldn't be known if it weren't for pewdiepie\nAlso pewdiepie isn't racist stop begging for attention campo santo
Have you pussy ever watched ksi I don't matter what race you are
It how used it on the context what the big deal
Wow, I can't belive the internet has become an overreacting community
Nigger?\n\n\n\n\nAm I going to jail now?
so? NIGGER  its a word,  get over it you over sensitive snowflakes
fucking imbeciles. as if freedom of speech isn't a thing.
i think everybody should protest by posting the nigger everywhere
Fuck are you talking about cracker???? Both sides????
Now if PDP would say ,,What a fkin white man nothin would have happened so WTF is goin on?!?!
Nigger... Now make a vid about me.
I know soo many white youtubers who say the n word wtf
see FaZe Banks he's doing the same think Kim Kardashian did and was trying to tell people to get over it he saying it's just a word but that word has some meaning behind it that's what I'm f***** up s*** I've been called Nigger a lot of times and it was by white people I take offense to that word but what kind of he did wasn't acceptable you can't just go around throwing that word around and then you can't go around telling people to get over it how about FaZe Banks become black and deals with the racism because we already have so much of it now so now so critical time for black people and any other minority
Im hating on pewdiepie rn. I just dont like that he said the N word. Im black and i was subsrcibed to him and now im unsubsrcibed. I just cant believe that he would say that. Whoever is defending him. I kinda agree with you. But mostly i hate him for just saying that word
Scarce your over weight I'll subscribe when your content gets better
NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER no one cares the word has powerer only whne u give it power
Lmao is nigger like a bad word on a higher level than other bad words? people are so stupid
*People's actions are changed in erratic ways when their emotions get the best of them....facts*
Everyone has said the word nigga at least one time in their fucking life this shit is pathetic.
Black people should just let whites say the N word and not get upset about it. After a while, edgy white people will no longer be interested in saying it because it won't carry the same weight.
yall some pussies if gonna get hurt by a water bottle regular warm bottle of water and I don't need people saying it was probably frozen. cuz I know the sound of warm bottle of water
I'm playing gta 5 but I'm listening :)
Why does everyone get so salty over a word? Ill say negro all I want
He's not a racist. He's a dumbass man who has spent too much time playing games on the internet. How many times have you gone online and heard some random 10 year old call you a stupid faggot ass nigger whore bitch cunt? I know that doesn't even make sense, but that's the point. It is just inane drivel that gets said when somebody needs a word to get a reaction. Not that it's right, but lets stop blowing it out of proportion just because it's PewDiePie.
blacks...they are NIGGERS!..IT ONLY WORD! it a fact! and the only thing that is not ok is when someone use it in a racist meaning
It's  just  a word.  Ppl are supposed to be open minded  by now.....  Who's fault is it,  pew die pie made a mistake.  But this making it worse and blaming him will NOT make it better!!  Why is this even an isssssuuuue.
na what i really hate is all these stupid fuckheads who make reactions to a dude saying nigger? all these videos on the side i hope they all get cancer n die..
It's a good thing that they took him down... Trump has blew the dog whistle for white america to reveal what america really is... and Words are not just Words... If you are not black you have no idea what it feels like to be behind enemy lines everyday in a so called free country...
He said nigger. I don't care, he's an adult and can use what language he chooses. Blacks say it all the time, either we all get to say nigger or no one gets to say it, no more double standards. Fuck SJWs, if someone wants to say nigger, then say it. Free yourself from the shackles of the SJW regime. Bunch of dumb niggers
I call people niggers all the time. I'm black and I don't care, unless you went up to me and I don't know you and you called me a nigger then I don't care. Because it doesn't matter.
People are acting like he's a slave owner or something.
PewDiePie saying nigger shouldn't matter to anyone unless you are 10 years old. He can say whatever the fuck he wants to say.
WHO FUCKING CARES. I LOVE PEWDIEPIE. Nigger isn't even offensive anymore. ITS 2017 GUYS. I'm black and I laugh at that word
Dam its just a fucking word shut the fuck up how long has it been fucking two years shut the fuck people
watch this.                      https://youtu.be/2Vhae739XnI \nit will help you all understand.
Dumb af that pewdiepie gets so much money when other people work harder
No matter how much famous you are, how much great person you are, or how much humanity sees you as a great person, *ONE MISTAKE AND YOU ARE FUCKED*
Fucken white peoples take it more offensive than blacks who the fuck cares everyone uses it you can stop it at this point. WE DONT LIVE IN A SLAVERY WORLD ANYMORE
Y'all are making a way big deal out of this.
I dont get it. Black men disrespect themselves all the time with the N word. No dignity.
When kids jump on pewdiepie to get some fame out of it, if the censorship continues.. where will it end.\nAnd that firewatch guy contacting other game developers won't do a thing: ey you want us to ban our best Advertising tool that get our company millions of $ for free? get off kid
Who gives a fuck for niggers, i evene never saw them in real life
We actually have the word nigger in our school textbook which is a government approved one.\nIts really not a big deal actually
why is that faggot sean so offended, he is white and he should be honored that pewdiepie would promote his shit game
PEOPLE ARE SO OFFENDED OVER NOTHING! Everybody's said the 'n' word AT LEAST ONCE! Straight white males are extremely offended, I bet it's after a hard day of cracking a cold one with the boys and respecting woman
Assault with a deadly water
WoW breaking news
white people even more offended than niggers lol
FUCK  SEAN VANAMAN
Can I please get 1k subs
Nigger
Nigger
Firewatch shitty game anyways
This fucking fatass talk shit
KSI is a fucking retarded nigger.
god youre still alive
I disliked cuz you censored it
Go away
Idubbz -SAY NIGGER bruh wtf
Not that serious..
whats up guys scarce here
hey scarce here
Cunt scarce
Idubbs is the racist :D
NIGGGER NIGGER
Why is this with Pewdiepie a big deal, I know it's a really bad word but he's only a guy, sometimes he can't help it sometimes- it may have been that he kept teasing it but he immediately apollogised, showing he didn't mean it. There are so many other problems in the world and it makes me so disappointed that because of one word, Pewds may have actual life absolutely destroyed, not many in the meadia realizes that he can lose his home and have to find another to fucking have just enough to eat and survive and barely feedhis pets too.
People need something to complain about.
Listen, I'm black myself i have a lot of friends who say the hard r and honestly it was surprising to hear pewdiepie say it. he's not some evil guy now or anything he made a mistake. a lot of people don't even care and he's not some racist all of a sudden. that word holds a lot of sensitivity to it and it's not fair. saying it doesn't make you racist if it's not the way it's intended. if he had used a different racial slur i'm sure this wouldn't even be as close to as big as it is. people need to let go of the hate these words hold if they're not used as intended. just because he's a big youtuber doesn't mean it's anymore important that he said it than other people.
KSI say the N Bomb too
Don't give a shit \nLike Ksi\nLike pewdiepie \nThat it
Give me a sex
Check my boy out 😂 he reacts to a lot of things and his funny !\n\nhttps://m.youtube.com/#/channel/UCzPnLnnAkedHhK2xA94Pwqw
So the media blows up when pewdiepie says the N word once, but when idubbbz says it they don't get a fuck.
Why does this matter judge me i dont care but just because you say something that WAS a really bad thing still is but doesn't mean you copywrite them,so thud is stupid and you all need to grow a pair or grow up
Like if pewdiepie has the nigga pass...
But why can idubbbz say it and pewdiepie can't? It was an accident by him and he didn't mean it, just because he said a word once doesn't mean he is destroying the community while there are other channels that are actually run by racists and constantly spew their racist ideas. He didn't say it referring to a black person and ITS JUST A WORD. People need to realize that words shouldn't mean or do anything to anybody, stop being so goddamn sensitive. Also why does sky Williams ALWAYS get involved in shit that he has no part in?
yu suk scars, suk dic whor/ Max ö0beruhgunu\nuh8
*Nigger* oh my god i just had a fucking seizure \n*Sarcasm*
Are you serious Scarce he said nigger who cares it doesn't affect anyone!
So stupid oh hi said niga.
Soft ass pussy's
Nigger
nobody cares
Damn Pewdiepie is getting shot down
Who cares
NIGER
2:09 why this bitch look like tyga tf😂
This is lil yatchy not lil boat💯
my song could be better https://soundcloud.com/shyyso/i-got-the-sauce\n\n\n\n\n-its trash-
this is some akon shit, i love it
Bro this song is dope as fuck
A the first part of this beach look like that one Movie with the dude and female on it
Lil yachty Part sound just like Akon back in a days 🔥🔥
I REMEMBER WATCHING A SHOOT FOR THIS VIDEO ON TV
Give auto tune a rest Jesus
Why the fuck does Lol yachty not get enough views
Aw man now this niggas gonna start making music for the Disney Channel?????
favourite song in the album
Lil yachty I don't wanna hear this shit 😭I fwy but I wanna hear u rap cuz this shit is ass I couldn't even bop my head 🤦🏽‍♂️
been waiting for video clip for a while
Dayum DDG killed this nigga career got his ass singing now
uknown black nigga with a wife beater must be a producer
Sex was good but could of been better.
That place is so relaxing... as well as the music
Here before a million
Best song on the album
WTF am I listening to a goddamn robot.
Well good for him for making the only decent song on the album a single 👍🏾
Lil yatchy keep doing wat your doing your amazing Ignore the hate you inspire me your one of the best rappers of 2017
this song Could of Been better .....
Dope ass video feel like he was High AF tho when he made this
What happened to lil boat
You're lying yatchy you only want her for 1Night.
You call that one trevor???
This is so good
He fell off... uzi has way more hype I am excited for Lil boat 2 though!
cant relate to the song cause im a lonley fuck and my ex dont want me lol
King of the Teens???
Frenchman's Cove in Portland, Jamaica! JA stand up 🇯🇲
Yay they recorded it in Jamaica \nAnd I saw popcaan
Where are we going on vacation Mom and Dad? Yachty island son, Yachty island.
Sounds like an Akon song
so what y'all ain't hear this on the album? fake fans
That girl is fine
All i can say i keep fucking with yachtys positive messages
Swear this dude is high on life
Only good track from the Album
WHY THE FUCK MY WEE WEE HARD😠
This shit is already stuck in my head
Doesn't get much better then that ass
Who's the girl for research purposes?
It would be BETTER if u would stop using that autotune
THIS SONG IS GOOD, but this song could be betteeerrr...If it had me in it too👌🏼🔥 give my single Summer Vibes a quick listen! Same good vibes as this track.. but betteeer!
This song could be better lol
We need a video for like a star
When you don't wanna try in skool
Model name? Am sorry i don't speak english lol
Who else thought that looked more like carti in the thumbnail 😂
Lil Yachty, Stefflon Don and Popcaan in one video looks and sounds amazing.\n🔥🔥⛵⛵🤘🏾🤘🏾🍑🍑🔥🔥
who is that girl in that video
It's still f- Lil yachty. He show stick to songs like this. No more mumble rapping.
This song makes me go to jungle and talk to lions
i mean its better then alot of his other songs
unruly boss ina diss all jamaicans know who I'm talking
The girl in this video insta is @_madgirlkris
Favourite scene was the one with lil yachty
What's up guys like if you're watching this on September 2017, also check out my music on my page.
Nigga wtf is this.
This is trash
💩💩💩💩
All these rappers tryna do to much lmao
Stefflon ruined song
terrible
Fallllllin off quick yachty
Faggot
🔥
Boat
Pakistan
Bru yatchy such a calm rapper 💯🔥
lil yatchy career could be better
Wtf
So chill
Damn dat ass juicy
Keep doing you boat. 😏⛵
More is Betta - Lil Yachty 2017
Aye
Here before 1 million
Dat ass do
fidget spinners could be better
shits getting bad
Lil
Popcaan bro ! 💯
Great song
unBomboclaatRuly leggo poppy pon the verse
damn she was fine asf
overated song
Ceep it 100
Ohhh ohh ohh  🔊🕪🕪🔊🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💸🕪🕪🕪
1:51 ok
gannnngggg
Literally skipped to steffs verse
Españoles???
This song give me sommer vibes! (Amazing song boaty🙄⛵)
*great collab*
Lil boat!
████▄▒▒▒▒▒ ▒▒▒▄██████████████▄▒▒▒ ▒▒██████████████████▒▒ ▒▐███▀▀▀▀▀██▀▀▀▀▀███▌▒ ▒███▒▒▌■▐▒▒▒▒▌■▐▒▒███▒ ▒▐██▄▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▄██▌▒ ▒▒▀████▒▄▄▒▒▄▄▒████▀▒▒ ▒▒▐███▒▒▒▀▒▒▀▒▒▒███▌▒▒ ▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒ ▒▒▒██▒▒▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▒▒██▒▒▒ ▒▒▒▐██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄██▌▒▒▒ ▒▒▒▒▀████████████▀▒▒▒
Not so little Stevie CAN SEE NOW.  Because he sez, if you Be Blind if you done believe Dat  Global Warming dont't be for real for real.  Did little Stevie acquire a Lisp? OR an love relationship affinity for men?
What is more likely? A relatively small group of eco activists are using their limited funds in a massive global conspiracy involving 97% of climate scientists to damage the economy in order to do something OR oil companies and such are using their obscene profits to bribe whoever they can in an attempt to avoid responsibility for any consequences their environmental activities will have?
Wow, what a worldly definition of love. Pure evil. Soli Deo Gloria!
The sky is falling!!The sky is falling!!!! @James Brown INCREASE in storms...Not so http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user230519/imageroot/2017/09/12/2017.09.12%20-%20Hurricanes.jpg there was more hurricanes and tropical storms in the 1800's!
Climate change deniers are either blind or ignorant So Stevie is admitting to being a climate change denier?
and when did Stevie see the data?
If you don't believe in climate change you must be blind or unintelligent...\n\nI guess Stevie isn't a believer!
Praise the Prius! Halleluyah! Repent, you heretics who do not believe in the Doctrine of Man Caused Global Warming! The End is Near!
Yeah, Stevie, you were always blind, seeming pretty unintelligent yourself right now insulting people that don't have your liberal, muh feelin's views. Yet another platform for all of us to hear celebrity politics that don't matter right now. Watch Jerry Lewis years of telethons to raise money, and see how it's done. Just shut up and sing.
Ok, stevie wonder calling out global warming is like Marlee Matlin calling out noise pollution....REALLY? great musician, but drank the liberal cool aid...you moron! Stick to music or give a sollution!...does ANYONE have a sollution for global warming while these celebs' are flying around in their carbon emitting private jets, heating their multi-million dollar mansions and driving around in carbon dioxide spewing limos...oohh the hypocrocy! At least these idiots are good for a laugh... No wonder President Trump will win in 2020, these idiot celebrities are chasing people into his arms...MAGA!
WHAT STEVIE IS TRYING TO SAY IS HE DOESNT BELIEVE IN GLOBAL WARMING
So Stevie Wonder said that blind people don't believe in climate change because the blind and unintelligent can't see it. Oh well Stevie why are you talking.
The hypocrisy is almost sickening. I'm sure Stevie enjoyed his plane ride home on his private jet. It seems this global warming thing only applies to us little people.
What a cringe fest! Nothing but a gigantic photo op for these self indulgent, sanctimonious assholes. The country will do just fine without your cringy mugs all over our tv screens. Keep your worthless talents and stay out of our homes. You degenerate scumbags wouldn't know charity if it kicked you in the ass.
It's a charity event, not a political rally. He was out of line.  At the very least, if you're trying to raise money, you don't insult those who MIGHT donate, duh!   Yes, I think climate change deniers are unintelligent, I agree w/ Stevie, but I certainly wouldn't say that if I was trying to raise money for a cause.  And on a tangent, his little Xian prayer could be seen as insensitive to non Xians and Nones.  He's a hypocrite.
LOL I did think it was funny and ironic... of course Stevie was trying to tell people that HE don't believe in Climate Change lol\nREPLY
Aw man...  I used to have so much love for Stevie until I saw this speech... Blind and unintelligent.
Stevie has never seen a Republican that he didn't hate.
Only an idiot would believe celebrity propaganda.
I love the scroll America's Got Talent will air immediately after this program. Especially during Stevie Wonder and Beyonce's rant. ROTFLMAO
stevie is so in your face! bless you man ! i applaud Stevie with his message here's a disciple of Mr. Wonder tribute to this genius Cause we've ended as lovers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h12kms2ceRo
I totally agree Stevie! So global warming isn't a thing? Well keep doing what your doing dont change and then dont complain when we see more hurricanes or worse! Then we will have another benefit concert for maybe you or a family member or friend of yours hat was effected by it. Thats right .. Just keep doing what your doing. Stay ignorant. But at the end of the day we get what we deserve with how we treat each other and our planet
DJ KHALED ALERT!!!!!!!!!!\nAs I was watching this telethon last night the camera man showed DJ KHALED multiples of times with that red jacket on looking like THE KOOL-AID MAN and each time he was taking a phone call.  For some reason I had a vision for a minute of DJ KHALED saying \n PLEASE CALL 1-800-258-6000 BECAUSE WE THE BEST HAND IN HAND TELETHON \n(laughing) I bet he would have said that shit right then and there!!!
The group with the largest carbon footprint in the Universe is lecturing us on denial.
global warming is a farce made up by politicians and celebrities who are brainwashed by paychecks when told to promote it.
Hey celebrity assholes, what's your carbon foot print?
That's why I'm donating directly to charities.
Let Stevie Wonder be an inspiration to us all, by stopping his touring and private jets, and huge resource sucking homes.
I want to know how much each of these super rich Hollywood libturds are giving to the hurricane victims.
Preaches love and then spews hate. Has been trying to hold on. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gRAMAU7swM&t=16s
I believe in channel change
All you climate change deniers are Stupid FOOLS!
University of Miami President Julio Frenk, when speaking on the 8.1 earthquake in Mexico, tied it into climate change. When we deny climate change and all of that, and refuse to take action, we are affecting these poor people, he said, referring to the victims in Mexico.\n\nClearly climate change, the evidence is undebatable! — survivor of 8.5-9.0 quake (estimate) that destroyed Lisbon in 1755.
Oooooo sooo close.   But Lord save us all
love you stevie wonder!!!  TY for standing up for scientific studies of climate change & pollution. https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=global+warming+hurricanes&hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C22&as_vis=1&as_ylo=2012&as_yhi=\n\nAmerican Meteorological Society: Climate Change: An Information Statement of the American Meteorological Society\n\nIt is clear from extensive scientific evidence that the dominant cause of the rapid change in climate of the past half century is human-induced increases in the amount of atmospheric greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide (CO2), chlorofluorocarbons, methane, and nitrous oxide.” (August 2012)\n\nAmerican Physical Society: Statement on Earth’s Changing Climate:\n\nWhile natural sources of climate variability are significant, multiple lines of evidence indicate that human influences have had an increasingly dominant effect on global climate warming observed since the mid-twentieth century. Although the magnitudes of future effects are uncertain, human influences on the climate are growing. (November 2015)\n\nAmerican Geophysical Union: Statement on climate: “Human-induced climate change requires urgent action.”\n\nExtensive, independent observations confirm the reality of global warming. These observations show large-scale increases in air and sea temperatures, sea level, and atmospheric water vapor; they document decreases in the extent of mountain glaciers, snow cover, permafrost, and Arctic sea ice. These changes are broadly consistent with long-understood physics and predictions of how the climate system is expected to respond to human-caused increases in greenhouse gases. The changes are inconsistent with explanations of climate change that rely on known natural influences.”\n\n (Adopted December 2003, Revised and Reaffirmed December 2007, February 2012, August 2013)\n\nAmerican Association for the Advancement of Science: AAAS Board Statement on Climate Change\n\nThe vast preponderance of evidence, based on years of research conducted by a wide array of different investigators at many institutions, clearly indicates that global climate change is real, it is caused largely by human activities, and the need to take action is urgent. (December 2006, Reaffirmed December 2009)\n\nGeological Society of America: Position statement on climate change\n\nScientific advances have greatly reduced previous uncertainties about recent global warming. Ground-station measurements have shown a warming trend of ~0.85 °C since 1880, a trend consistent with (1) retreat of northern hemisphere snow and Arctic sea ice; (2) greater heat storage in the ocean; (3) retreat of most mountain glaciers; (4) an ongoing rise in global sea level; and (5) proxy reconstructions of temperature change over past centuries from archives that include ice cores, tree rings, lake sediments, boreholes, cave deposits, and corals. (October 2006; revised April 2010, March 2013, April 2015).\n\nAmerican Chemical Society: Statement on Global Climate Change\n\nThere is now general agreement among scientific experts that the recent warming trend is real (and particularly strong within the past 20 years), that most of the observed warming is likely due to increased atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations, and that climate change could have serious adverse effects by the end of this century. (July 2004)\n\nU.S. National Academy of Sciences: Understanding and Responding to Climate Change \n\nThe scientific understanding of climate change is now sufficiently clear to begin taking steps to prepare for climate change and to slow it. (2008)\n\nInternational academies: Joint science academies’ statement: Global response to climate change\n\nClimate change is real. There will always be uncertainty in understanding a system as complex as the world’s climate. However, there is now strong evidence that significant global warming is occurring. (2005, 11 national academies of science)\n\nIntergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), 2014.  Synthesis Report Summary for Policymakers\n\n“Human influence on the climate system is clear, and recent anthropogenic emissions of green-house gases are the highest in history. Recent climate changes have had widespread impacts on human and natural systems.”\n\n“Warming of the climate system is unequivocal, and since the 1950s, many of the observed changes are unprecedented over decades to millennia. The atmosphere and ocean have warmed, the amounts of snow and ice have diminished, and sea level has risen.”\n\nU.S. Global Change Research Program, 2014. Highlights of Climate Change Impacts in the United States: The Third National Climate Assessment.\n\n“Over recent decades, climate science has advanced significantly. Increased scrutiny has led to increased certainty that we are now seeing impacts associated with human-induced climate change. With each passing year, the accumulating evidence further expands our understanding and extends the record of observed trends in temperature, precipitation, sea level, ice mass, and many other variables recorded by a variety of measuring systems and analyzed by independent research groups from around the world.” (thanks @pixilateddream for this!)
What a joke! How about a debate instead of demonizing people! These celebrities no nothing and they're all hypocrites!\nhttps://youtu.be/TCy_UOjEir0
just sing Stevie.  What an opportunist to come out and say people are unintelligent if they don't agree with you….
He's not mocking anyone. His words are crystal clear.
#truth
Guess I'm not listening to Stevie anymore. Brainwashed imbecile. Stick to music.
He is blinded by ignorance.
This was the saddest sight I've ever heard .
Just described himself blind and stupid
We're gathered here today to raise money for the Clinton global initiative to which will pay off the Haiti ponzi scheme
poor Stevie, everytime he opens his mouth to tell everyone to open their hearts and eyes, he gets into trouble. i hear even some pastor is after his neck. sounds familiar? the last time a popular man opened his mouth to tell us things we didn't want to hear, he got crucified ;)
Global warming...is a political persuasion. I'm not ignorant. God warns of judgement. This is just another money maker for democrats...just like abortion.
blessed are the blind who still can see !
this jerk is one wonder of a left wing stooge
He gets to try to shame people who are not drinking the communist koolaid!
Did he say they must be blind or unintelligent?! Oh mine!!!! Really!!!???!!!?
Stevie Wonder must be blind if he believes in man made global warming.Oh yeah,he is.
That's nice Stevie, now go back into your bottle of formadahyde
Have you ever seen Stevie wonder wife? \n\n\n\n\n\nIf you you haven't either has Stevie wonder seen her.
You must be blind to say dumb shit like that, stick with your music dummy !
Well, little Stevie I must be blind and dumb then. So I'm gonna trot right down and sign up for me some disability checks. Fuck this working 50 or 60 hours a week just to pay too much in taxes.
I loved Stevie Wonder but not anymore. I guess he has been recruited.
Global Warming is FAKE NEWS,    Climate change is FAKE NEWS.    Pollution and moving off of fossil fuels that's real news . . .    But people who actually believe we humans are the cause, well that's the definition of a Liberal.    A person who knows sooo much that just is not true
Blind in more ways than one.
Blind or unintelligent? When's the last time this guy looked into the mirror? Oops!
All combined, these celebs put more up their nose each month than they raised with this telethon.
These fucking ELITES don't give a fuck about the people of Harvey and Irma, they're raising money for the DNC!!!
Way to go Stevie... Everyone knows that the BEST way to maximize donations coming in to your little fund raiser is to call a majority of would be donors stupid.... I guess he can't SEE the irony....
Another dirtbag liberal running to have a benefit si they can spew their leftist politics. Shove your benefit up your ass turd mongers
I believe in climate change. I believe it's been around for billions of years, and not just the last 20.
Hey celebrity assholes, did you give a million dollars like Trump?
Someone tell that dumb nigger there were more hurricanes in 1988 even one that was bigger than Irma....dont take cheap shots at the president steve
If he wasn't blinded by stupidity he'd open his eyes and see that weather happens.
Your a fool that cant see the truth and you have the audacity to lecture others who can, pity on you
geo engineering !!! NOT climate change you idiots. \nwatch - O.D.D. Watching Geongineering ~ Worldwide Ground Based (WSAC) Weather Makers
Another Liberal Loon
Liberal sodomite scumbag will burn in hell
thank you marytyhitvan
Stay blind you blind bastard
Love, love, love, but hey, fuck Trump
The people in this country that sit back and roll their eyes at scientist telling them that Climate change is real and don't believe them scare me. Yes Irma was not the strongest Hurricane and She may not even be a product of Climate Change, but Climate change IS real and the fact that you refuse to do anything about it and vote for people who also refuse to do anything about it is why we'll all get to say TOLD YOU SO when it all hits the fan in 50 years. Besides that, I seriously don't understand why it matters? Why if you don't believe in climate change would you not want to just say Hey, this is probably not true, but we only get one planet to live on so maybe we should try to take care of it, You know...JUST IN CASE!
Stevie Wonder revealed that he is part of the antichrist new world order and the last stand of rebellious man against a holy, Almighty God! Their end is eternal damnation. Read Revelation 19:11-16; 21:8, 27; 22:14-15 etc. Ready or not - Jesus is coming. safeguardyoursoul.com
never seen any of these losers in Texas well the blind nigger gets a pass we got enough of them besides I think all the air Jordan shoes are gone now
Anyone who thinks a hurricane is climate must be blind or unintelligent.
so we are supposed to listen to a blind nigger fuck you O YA he can't read this lol hahhhhhhhhhhaaaa
This is the last of the three trial Basics videos! This pushed my quick-explanation skills to the limit, but I figure that slow down the video and replay if necessary is better than let people get bored...
A basics video with two machines who you programmed in 'basic'. Brilliant.
This was so interesting and good. Wanted it to keep going!
The lossy compression bit was brilliant. Making it look compressed at the right time.
So is the tree itself somehow stored in the file? What's the syntax of that?
That's a great idea!
Loved this. I was wondering where the other 2 episodes were but turns out I've accidentally already seen them. Love you Tom! Keep up the good stuff x
great series Tom. keep them coming !!!
.otherwise you end up sending the wrong worms... haha very good.
As usual, darned fascinating! Please continue with the series. I know _some_ stuff but I'm learning lots!
Always wanted to say that I love your voice, Tom. This is actually the reason why I subbed.
Can we please get into foreign characters?
You should keep doing this kind of videos, it was enjoyable and really informative - don't get me wrong I always learn something from your vids, but this was one of a kind-
I love this channel so much
Tom, thank you for reminding mr how good Youtube can be.
Cnt u leve out ltrs nd jst hve a way to ad thm in at th end? So long as ech wrd is uniq or has cntxt clus?
Wow I can hear the buzz from the old monitors that's funny
This guy is vsauce IT edition
Now i understand why windows have 64 bits and 32 bits.. \nwow thanks sir!! :D\nEdit: by that i mean\n64^64 or 32^32 bits \nRight? :)
where did you get two working BBC model B computers? - haven't see one for a couple of decades
I love you and your vimeos.
xz -9ev some_huge_file.txt  (now let's wait a few days)
0:50 Otherwise you wind up sending the wrong worms\nI see whatcha did thar...
Next vid will be intermediate and cover zip files.\n\nThe way you explain things makes everything easy to understand!
So you're telling me Will Smith *wasn't* rapping about the Wild Wild West wiki I'm sure exists about that movie?
This one of only two things I remember from my programming module - the other is a habit of typing both the open and close brackets at the same time.
i think i understood that...
I like the series
If you break in to house and steal cold cuts out of fridge are you then a hamburglar
You missed range and arithmetic encoding :-)
Nice job with this...
Tom! This video leaves me wanting for so much more!!
now do GZIP/7z/RAR... jpg/png/bmp... mp3/wav/ogg... i gots to know
what ya gonna do when you hit 1mill subs?\nPS really love the series
Can't wait for the video on zip files :)
Or as it's known today; Huffcod.
I feel like an expert
I hate it when I send the wrong worms
I love this series. If you decide to continue, I would be very much for it!
These series are great, Tom. You have a knack for explaining complicated concepts intuitively without losing what's important. Do you use any unconventional techniques for understanding the concepts deeply enough to capture the gist of them like this? My current strategy is reading and trying to incorporate the concept in my current knowledge base, but it usually takes 2-3 readings to do.
I know about this stuff already but still watch it because Tom Scott is a good lad
This is magic. I've just finished my text compression algorithm in C++ the day before yesterday, and this video was uploaded. I feel I'm being observed.
cool story bro, gotta split mid video to go watch the will smith music video
Ha! a love the send the wrong worms :-)
Awesome presentation....inspired by you...I am an IT engineer...:wanna start my tech channel too after viewing your video and fan base....wish me good luck ☺️☺️☺️
Belatedly: That was really clear and comprehensible! It didn't feel too quick at all to me - it was all straightforward and easy (for me) to understand. Good job!
One shot, no jumpcut, that's amazing.
0:54\n\ndid he just say the wrong worms instead of the wrong words?
A note about image/video compression at 0:45 : there are a lot of lossless compression methods, especially for images. You don't typically deal with uncompressed lossless files (e.g. bmp, the netpbm formats, raw images), but rather png (more or less row by row zip compression), gif (lossless if you fit the 256 color palette) or other lossless images.
This guy's content is just as good if not better than Thoughty2 so how come that bloke has more than twice the subscribers?
Whoever did your makeup did a terrible job.
Useful information. I definitely learned something today. Thanks!
i expected better research from this channel. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is Will Smith's magnum opus.
Why no advanced videos on Computers?  I already read about all this stuff.
WE WANT MORE!! doesnt have to be basic but just MOOORRRREE
I'm sorry, but Wild Wild West is not Will Smith's Magnum Opus. Everyone knows that's Summertime.
What do you have against Will Smith?
So cool! Would love to see one with a breakdown about zip files.
3:30 – *Finally* , after three and a half minute of blah, blah, blah!! Now, *TELL IT!!!!*
'worms' see what you did there
0:50 ...sending the wrong *worms*  I see what you did there =D
Why can't I give you 5 likes for this video :-(
THANK YOU TOM SCOTT!! I have wondered how compression like this worked for the better part of a decade, and I've even put a decent amount of time into researching it, but it never clicked until this video.  You have the best content on this entire platform, both in subject matter and quality.
Can you please do videos based on computer science 2210 whole theory syllabus? I really need help with my exams which are on October. I hope you see this message. Please like this so he can see. I never comment on YouTube videos. And I really want to get good results on this exam. My computer teacher sucks. I'm desperate.😭
This channel deserves way more subscribers. People would actually be doing humanity a favor by watching Scott's videos...
Instead of words he said worms
Nice, Simple, Effective!! As always!!
I, too, hate it when I end up sending the wrong worms.
No need to make Unicode seem more complex than it is. The ascii characters have the same code points in Unicode. Unicode just gives you more including characters for other languages. Could just say they are stored as extended sequences which in UTF-8, they are.
I've always wondered how this works, this is amazing!
this feels like something quantum computers could speed up, i dont know though it just seems like it
That's a numberwang!.. Oh wait, nice explanation.
0:54 Worms ahahahah I see what you did there
Hi Tom, thanks for these! We spoke a while back about doing some videos like this for GCSE Computer Science students, this is perfect. Hope the trial goes well and you fancy doing some more :-)
haHA!!! Worms. I don't get it?
Love it when a youtube video makes me feell like I lerned something. Tbank you, Tom
sending the wrong WORMS  haha , I see what you dis there !
great video!  I have been wondering this for quite a while (but been too lasy to look it up ...)
I thought it was: take the most common words, assign a brand new character to each of them, and insert whenever that character comes up.
@0:52 haha send the wrong worms? nice one!
Really amazing video quality. Something very different this time. I love your channel...
What is the work joke? I don't get it
... send the wrong worms. Ha! I see what you did there!
And I can apply Huffman to save the Huffman tree, and the Huffman code, or again. So actually  we are just trading space for work, right? Or storing information into work? That's cool. Maybe it's what the universe is doing right now, unveiling its stored  Huffman code through chemical reactions.
Yeah, cool stuff. I'll just keep using my golang gzip/(whatever your preference is) library since I'm trusting scientists to do this for me. Seriously, I'm too busy actually building things irl to re-invent the wheel just for fun.
I wrote a full on huffman compressor for fun once. I was disappointed that it only yielded about, like you see here, 30% compression (leaving 70% the original size.) I figured I did something wrong.
I read the thumbnail as “How Computers Computers Text”
Hoffman ripped off Euclid but a search tree is a elemtry algorithm
what about middle out compression?
Considering this is Binary, I wonder what we could achieve if we could accurately read/write halves, quarter, 1/8ths of a charge.  \nPerhaps unlike quantum computers, with as much accuracy and speed of current hardware.  \nCould we be even more sloppy with our implementation than the 8-bit encoding?
the wrong worms 😂
Damn Tom, number 23 on trending. Grats!!
Please Remove Background Noise
Op nj a senf wreng worms
Did he just?
Do zip files now!
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y7lhfdu8
sending the wrong worm haha
Wah Huffman Coding is so clever...
I got an ad for the AfD on your video, the new very right wing German party, which is disgusting. Can you do something about that?
To this day, I still dream about Sydney Fish Market and am so excited to go back! (beware those darn ibises though.. Aussies know what I'm talking about) Stay tuned for parts 2 & 3 of Worth It Oz - what country should we visit next? \n\n#BuzzFeedWorthIt
Guys you should make video for shawrma , very interesting 🙂
Awww you want me to go to Australia more...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh wait NVM, I live in Australia
I like that you guys attempted to say Melbourne properly
They should do Indian food
I live 5 minutes down the road from the Sydney Fishmarkets!!!!!
Food made by Chinese isnt luxury but expensive
I really just watch these for Adam tbh
I love their pronunciation of Brisbane
So happy you are in Aus but so sad I missed you
Drinks Chardonnay. Its really strong - Yeah mate we don't mess around when it comes to alcohol.
anyone from nor cal is wishing it was legal to eat abalone the problem is anyone sees you taking one your f*cked
So I live in Sydney. Why did you go to Sydney to eat seafood. Do they not have seafood in America. Welcome but why such a long trip???
lemme just say i am so happy that they were in Australia LOL
So you don't cook or season the oysters? Yep knew this would be a yucky episode
You guys should go to japan and try sushi there.
Who's Watching This In Australia
If you don't know what an IBIS is youtube IBIS song, then look at the one called A song about birds
Abalone is $213?!?!?! In NZ its called Paua, and we just pick them off the rocks when the tide goes out.....even if you sell it here its about $15/100gm
I live in Australia!!!
Sydney fish market is one of my favorits places that I've ever been, I was able to find good, tasty and juice seafood in Brazil, with triple price, but not like that there. I want kick you guys, happy to see you guys going so well with your chanell! hope run into you somewhere over the world! Cheers!
If you're going to be in Australia you need to do Kangaroo.
What happened to your hair dude youngest person with grey hair..lol.
OMG I wish I saw you guys in Melbourne. :D
While you guys are here, you should try Imperador sashimi or sushi. It's got the fattiness of tuna belly sashimi and the light chewy texture of snapper sashimi.
As an Australian I really appreciate you calling them prawns instead of 'shrimp'!
The Subtitles said Garwin instead of Darwin xD
Now you can tell how many Asians there are in Australia.
Please go to Indonesia!!
the guys last name Is savage at 5:06
Like an ocean version of astronaut \nsteven: scuba diver?😂😂😂
The way Andrew pronounced 'Melbourne' 😂
Okay we need a fried chicken version I said Keith make a featuring
He pronounced Brisbane and Melbourne wrong.
I am so proud to be Australian. Everyone is so lovely in this video and so happy to share our food with you guys <3\nCome back anytime!
But the oysters are technically expensive.
They're the budget try guys
DO A CANADIAN VIDEO WITH POUTINE
I just noticed who Andrew reminds me of, Joel McHale
What...is Adam eating PB&J on the sidelines? It's a write off for goodness sake...give him his own!
adam is a melt
He had to pry the fork away so Adam can have a taste lol
Go to the uk!❤️
Why spend money when you have all the kids in the world.
I'm American and I was getting annoyed at how you were pronouncing Melbourne!
Go to South America for food... Argentina.. Peru.. etc..
NO FAIR! All the celebrities always go to Sydney. Brisbane is cool too! Our city is just as cool as Sydneys cities, plus you've never seen a shopping centre like Chermside. Its fucken sick mate.
3 dollars for a bite of food? Yeah I'm ok...
YOU HAVE TO TRY THE PIZZA THE MELBOURNE, A MELBOURNE PIZZERIA WON THE *BEST PIZZA IN WORLD* IN AN OFFICAL COMPETITION BETWEEN PIZZAS FROM AROUND THE WORLD, LOOK IT UP THEN EAT IT.
Seafood fact: Marron are not a sea creature. They live in freshwater.
Anybody else that is hungry, but dinner isn't ready, so you are watching every BuzzFeed food video?
try Filipino foods!
Snotrocks 😂
MELBUN
Come to melbourne
Melburn
They say Melburrrn not Melbourne
Solid blob of deliciousness
Eating seafood in Mongolia style building.......hm
Hsp. Nuff said
I live in melburn
MELBURN 😖😂
Adam' beard is trimmed lol
I am Adam
Buzzfeed = Youtube Cancer.
It is pronounced Bris-ben haha
Do coffee worth it!
Any one else catch Andrew saying dived?
CONTENTED
SHOUTOUT TO NATURE
What happen to kieth ?
Moister than an oyster
You say it like MELBIN!!
You guys should do pancakes or waffles
Adam can talk , wow
$grilled cheese - $$$grilled cheese
shoutout to nature LOL
do indian food!
no! thats for adam
@1:20 Andrew should really keep his day job 🙈
the three musketeers the precious at Buzzfeed
What is the soundtrack at the beginning of cirrus
Who else watches these just to watch Adam try it? Lmao
But this is judged unfairly, you should stick to one particular seafood instead
I told myself never Australia but now.......I go just for this food, this seafood
5:35 it´s still moving! Thats fresh I guess....
goes to australia for seafood,  two asian restaurants and a jewish restaurant... lulz...
Most places just ignore their cameraman, it's so nice to see him as part of the Worth It crew as his own person. c:
Andrew is so greedy in every episode. Smh.
Solid blob of deciousness
2k Australians disliked this video because they repeatedly mispronounced Melbourne. Otherwise awesome.
Brent savage that name tho
To me, abalone tastes really bad
11:25 You & I 1D location?
2k dislikes bc vegans are most likely subbed
1:30 NEPALI
Andrew...smiled...?
It's Mel-bin :) x
they should do vegan food
Adam is like an Anorexic Seth Rogan
You literally remind me of my best friend Logan, and that's such a beautiful thing to me 😂 we just need more people like you both
I like the idea of a last month maybe? I think that's been suggested before and I reckon its a great idea
14:46 the thiccest \nI love you tom
Cool now we have a preview of The Complete History of Me (3/3)
do the podcast and then maybe keep doing last week sketches??
OMG at the leaning tower part I didn't know I could wheeze laughing that hard. I might have developed asthma but worth it. Probably. I'll send you the doctor's bill. Cause I'm American. FML
You should do a Squidge Vlog where Elliot plays the voice of Squidge. Pls. Pls do dat. Dat would be vewy nice.
A podcast sounds awesome Tom, I'd really like to hear your views on things going on in the world :)
the university of ... they're here...
Noooooo ! I want last week to be forever. I just started watching these :(  cruel.
Podcasting would be great but i feel as if monthly vlogging would be better but with more effort. i like both really but your content is your content. you can do what you want
What about a more behind the scenes look of how a sketch/anything you make evolves from start to finish? (including the many creative breaks you, Elliot and Eddie take) :D
No, Jesus found you
The podcast idea sounds like it would be good, but whatever you choose to do, Tom, I and many other fans probably, implore you to not replace it with something scripted. The insight of naturality of your life that Last Week gives can't even hope to be replaced with anything less than your reality.
Charlie is so beautiful x
Pretentious Monthly Scrapbook or weekly 30min-1hour podcast.\nI'd say Podcast is best. You, Eddie, Elliot (possibly Charlie) can host and just bring friends like Chloe, Sammy or Jack Howard in to guest. Talk about a certain topic or just about anything that's new for you all. It could be a chance to promote your friends upcoming work too!
What happened to last week I fled the country
I really enjoy the vlogs so I'd be happy with a monthly vlog or something similar 😊
how did you get that teddy bear? and why is it in almost every episode of eddsworld
Twas preeetty gud. On a side note i think squidge may like elliot more than you
I would enjoy a last week podcast.
8:32 there is a man drinking directly from the bottle not giving a shut while Tom is walking
Tom we still have ice cream tacos in the US. I feel like you've missed a lot of opportunities for that
hey tom i like ur stuff and everytime im sad i watch ur stuff\n\njus wanted u to know this\n\nok bye
8:50\n\nI need that shirt.\n\nWhere can I get it?! I need that shirt!!!
holy shit you should so  a sitcom!!!
Definitely a podcast anyway, its pretty much the perfect thing to fill the void and (depending on how you do it, for example audio only) that would fix that subsection of the comments that obsess over your weight. \n\nIf you wanted to do something scripted you could even just release the weekly sketches from reddit on occasion. It could even solidify this channel as the personal with the fans one, in a way, and it would be super entertaining as it's own thing too
every month you could release a vlog for the month. except each day only has one minute. could be in the style of 8:27 to 8:38 sometimes\n\nedit: and 13:42 to 13:58
And where did you found him?????
They call him Matthew Christ 8:05
Holy shit I am the exact same build as Tomska 😂😂
4:20... Fav moment... and Fav Time Card... (I Rounded it Down to make this comment funny... My *Actual* Fav moment is at closer to 4:21)
I'd love a podcast, just dont have a completely scripted one.  Just talk about whatever you guys like, same as in the vlogs
Why don't you have weekly videos of you opening mail and the submitted sketches, you can spend way more time on it
Wow. Someone who hates Jesus more than Jehovah's Witnesses do
Are your parents back together?
I'm really sorry about this but you use to be so skinny man...
Last week...TOM WENT SWIMMING AND MADE GOAT NOISES THE END
Just do Last Week. You lazy ************* ;)
I'm sick of watching and listening to privileged cunts
this is my first time watching your videos, you come across as like a really nice down to earth guy. I kinda like these simple/quick kinda vlogs
Originally, I was on board with the podcast idea, but, after reflecting on what I personally like about Last Week, I found that I most enjoy the quick succession of entertaining cuts to random events or comments that happen throughout the day. A podcast would have its moments, but I feel that the entertainment value of the visual jokes and the (probably previously-thought-out) cuts to Tom & Co.'s random quips every now and then give Last Week a unique, funny feel, that I don't personally find in many other vlog series, wouldn't be there in a podcast. Personally, I think, as a replacement for Last Week, you should do a bi-weekly or monthly vlog series. I don't want to lose that feel I get from this series or the excitement I have when I see a new upload that just won't be present with a static, talky podcast.\n\nI commend you for making it to the end of this wall of text, and I hope others agree with me. Thanks, Tom, (& friends) for making a super entertaining, awesome series that is definitely one of the highlights of my week.
Tbh, I would love to see more you improving skits in public
13:20 When two of my 'soul type' get together it pretty much is a simplified enactment of weirdmageddon, were it is just a feed back loop of weirdness and slightly creepy laughter that takes over any space its in and it just becomes a cacophony of the unusual, and unstable.
podcast is fun, but you need to have guests to come on, like charlie or sammy. cause I watch this to see how your week was and I love the cameos of your friends.
Is ave maria just the theme song of Italy or something?
Go to Romania it's a good country
i would be super interested in a pms!
Please dont end last week i super enjoy it and love it
Winner Tacos were my favourite growing up too! People always thought I was insane when I described it amd kept on claiming that I was just misremembering Maxibons.
Genuine idea: the seven adventures of Squidge the puggo.... One every week or 2 where Tom takes Squidge out for an adventure
hay tom, just thought id tell you about a product called Klondike choco taco.
Tom is the epitome of lovable\n manchild
Tom! You look identical my maths teacher and my maths teacher is even named Thomas.
it would be nice if you could still somehow incorporate the user submitted sketches for your next show
I like podcasts, but it's gonna be a lot different regardless of what you do, gonna miss seeing all these people every week.
nooooooooooooo not the end of lastweek
I like the idea of a no script (lightly scripted) podcast! Make the Last - 'Last Week' go out with a bang!
I really enjoy vlogs so itd b cool to have a monthly one
I can tell by the thumbnail and title you are drunk no hate!!! Your cool
I reckon team up with Dan and the rest of the lincoln lads and bring back the man time podcast
I like your scripted stuff more so do dat
lol i live 20 mins away from pisa's airport
I like the idea of a podcast
This video is brilliant for the Owen Wilson impression alone
I think you should just start uploading compilations of tom at famous landmarks. It's obvious that he has a knack for that kind of thing
Definitely do a podcast please, but monthly vlogs would be awesome too, whatever you're comfortable with
oh no your beautiful Italian shoes they're dirty
Podcast is good do it on a saturday then more people could watch it *dont script it* and make sure eddie and elliot is in it
Your footage from Florence gave me huge flashbacks from when I was there two years ago for one of the best holidays I've ever had. I've been in and loved these streets! Dang I need to travel more.\nBut your recreated sketch in Pisa was so freaking funny my man
I'm not too sure about the podcast idea to be honest.
Lie to me yessss so good
I want spammers to reply to this so that I can report them easier.
Well that mantis is dead now
13:37 all is so artsy then... guy hits a tree
2:10 Are you a goat?! 0-0 XD
Dats vewy nice\nTitle: Last Week #76: Dive Stunt Kills Tom (Not Clickbait) a.k.a. Last Week The Ridgewells goes to Italy featuring Charlie Belle Shaw
when he says he went to every European country\n\n\n\n\n*F I N L A N D?*
Wow that building in florance looks much bigger than I remember.\nFrom when I played Assassin's Creed
Just do some funny sketches
Big jizz
i-i miss edd :(
Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!    Podcast!
Monthly vlog sounds fab! Podcast also sounds vewy noice =)
Tom your mum is hawwt
When Tom hates water
Podcast!
noooo, I love last week :(
Oh my gully gosh please check my
9:20 thicc
Nipple twisty Fresh
Monthly vlog + podcast
Tom never saw this comment  *sigh*
🍺
bigger is better
look at all those chickens!
4:22\n*FUCK!*
Tom to miss edd gloud :c
I lost it at 14:15 😂😂😂😂
Wow you let yourself go
Ordered both right away! Proud of you Soph xx
What mascara did you use? Xx
Congrats Soph on your collab palletes with MUR!!
I NEED IT !!
Just ordered your highlighter palatte, need to wait for the eyeshadow to come back in stock! :'( looks Amazing! Xxx
I am so so excited for this. Congratulations on the palette, you deserve every ounce of success you have.
Oml I need this palette
Yesssss Soph!!!!! These are amazing!!!! 😍💗✨ congrats gorge xx
Plzzzzzzz tell me when they come out .....? There great by the I want them sooo bad
such an inspiration!! i love u so much and i'm so proud of you. you've come such a long way. you're such a beautiful girl and your videos always cheer me up!! thank you for always working so hard
ahhh I'm so excited!! will these be available in the US?
I love how you're so real about your palette , ily sm
Just ordered mine !!
Yaaassss 👐
BOTH PALETTES ARE COMING TOMORROW. IM SO EXCITED 😊 💕☺️☺️☺️🎉🎉
Omg I want themmmmm
Great look sophie :) I'm deffo going to look at that highlighter pallette!!
The eyeshadow is sold out😩
I'm so happyyyyyyyy💗💗💗can't wait to try them😍😍
When is the next restock coming out on tambeauty because I hadn't had a chance to get both and I really wanted both
love both palettes so much. are they available to purchase in America??
I got so excited when I saw the video for the first time 😍 ordered both pallets yesterday. Can't wait for them to arrive! ❤
beautiful colors going to buy
I'm in love! I need swatches of every color!
the eye palette is sold out!! is it restocking?!!?
AMAZING PALLETS! 😍 also loving the no bs approach as a lot of youtubers don't actually give the real info! Love this and love you! Can't wait to buy it 💖
Congratulations on your make up!! I'll be purchasing asap xxx
I hope you could do a contour palette for pasty faces like me and like you say PUG would be the perfect natural contour shade!!!!!
ordered both palettes because I love Makeup Revolution and you're awesome - love both palettes cant wait to get them :D ♥
It says it's not in stock 😩
I missed getting the eyeshadow palette 😭😭 What Superdrug stores will they be available in?
that hIGHLIGHT honestly i am BLIND i'm offended
Ayee her angled brush was from Claire's lmao I hav de same brush
Yesssssss! Finally! I love a good glow and your highlighter looks so pigmented
Fml i NEED both and i will be buying both 😍🤤🙌🏻❤🦄 that bloody highlight😣🙏🤣
Congrats!!! Both palettes look so gorgeous and I'm defiantly going to get them❤️
Are they a permanent collection soph please say yes!!😬
Do some Holloween and Christmas looks, when you can.
I CANT WAIT FOR THESE TO COME OUT
I love the names of the colours. Penguin is an utterly brilliant name!!! So is cup of tea (sorry if I got them wrong!)
Will it be available in Superdrug? 💗
Ordered the palette today!!!!
Ordered
Looks amazing 😉
So proud of yoooou💕💕
Ordereddddd
I'm so proud of you Soph!!! These look incredible, I'm so happy for you!!! I really really really want to get both of them but I live in New Zealand and unfortunately the shipping is more than both the products combined :(( they genuinely look incredible though and I'm so happy for you xx
Will the be sold at ulta in the USA!?
Omg! I love the intro ❤️😂😂💃🏻\nAnd I'm so proud of you Soph!! I wish I can buy one 😭 the eyeshadow palette look gorgeous!!\n\nEdit: Oh and the ending too. Love them haha 😂😍👌🏽
I'd love to get both of these because they are so pretty 😍😍  (and they hella cheap) but shipping is 31 dollars to New Zealand which is basically the same price as the both of the products ;(
I love you and your channel so much soph, I'm so happy you got to do this and bet you'll get more come out. Can't wait to get my hands on that x
Soph will this palette come out only in the UK or it will be available elsewhere? It looks sooo pretty I wish it's available in Spain!! Nice job with those colours :)))
I'm going to buy this as soon as possible, I'm so happy for you xx
😍😍😍 Gorgeous palletes, and you did  a beautiful look with them too! Congratulations, Soph!! You really deserve it, I bet your family are so proud 😊😘😘
I love this look!! So excited for you!!! Congrats
when is this coming to superdrug?? want this so very bad
Will it be available in the Netherlands as well?
I'm so getting this pallete
I like how she wasn't favoriting her palletes. ILYSM soph 💕💕💕.great job on the palletes
Omg!! Already planned out so many looks with this! When does it come out??💘
Sophieeee when will they be out at Superdrug?
Honestly was so torn. Cause I needed more foundation but I really just bought your palettes instead 😂😂😍😍😍😍
Getting both today I can't wait! Xxx love u soph x (I was cutting the grass and washing the car for my dad so I would get some more money to get these ahaha)
I CANNOT WAIT TO BUY THESE!!!! ❤️😍
Hey soph!! Are these palettes going to be available in maquillalia.com?? Please please please I need them!!
I ordered both products yesterday so excited!
I just ordered both!!!❤ can't wait to use that highlight! been saving up for the naked heat palette but that is sooooo expensive and doesn't have highlighters! so I thought wth?! 💖💖💖💖
Hi Soph, Can't wait to have mine! Just ordered it from ITALY!!! Love xx
Waiting for this to come to Croatia!! Been such an inspiration Soph and can't wait to get my hands on this!
I can't wait to buy this palette when it hits Superdrug , such a beautiful palette
Congrats on ur collection💕 will it be coming to Ireland ?
My video is playing up !! It's replaying the first bit of the video over again and it's just confusing to watch x
so proud will definitely be purchasing this pallet!!
Getting these for my birthday so excittted!!
where can I get that 😩
As soon as I'm paid next week I am 100% ordering these!
When does it come out on Superdrug? I'm so excited and it looks unreal
My palette has just arrived and I am absolutely in love with it.  The shades you've chosen are absolutely genius.  I have loads of palettes and I think this is hands down the most versatile I have now.  I don't think there's a look I like that I can't create with it.  About to go on holiday and I've been debating which of my palettes to take and honestly now I just need this one.  AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!
I ordered mine and I absolutely can't wait for them to come in!!
Just ordered both palettes!! So excited to get them. Congrats!!!🍾
Oh Sophie, you did an AMAZING JOB with both PALETTES!  I'm so proud of you! 🖒😍😙  I'm running to get my credit card because I am in love with both of them.  I really like that you did cream packaging, and those shades are absolutely gorgeous.  Adam did good by adding you to the team. xx 💖
I want this but shipping is $10 😩
I've just ordered it ❤️
So excited to try it just ordered mine ☺️☺️☺️
Literally just placed my order for both! And an extra highlighter for my best friend's birthday present <3
Hi please can you test the MUA winter forest eyeshadow palette you can get it from super drug thanks
Omg yesss just went on the website were they are selling and usually I have to pay an excessive amount for shipping to Australia but shipping is only $9 ❤️❤️ definitely purchasing
I so want to get that eyeshadow palette.. So pretty!
I love them I'm definitely gonna buy them 😍😍😍😍
😭😭😭 they are amazing! But i can't buy it😭😭😭😭 the shipping for my home is 29$ and I just want to cry! When I finally find an economic and beautifull palette the shipping get her out of my budget😭.\nBut they look amazing! Congrats! 💖\nBtw' hey from Puerto Rico Soph!
You should do more collabs ♥️
I just bought both of the palletes ahhhhhh I'm so excited 😝😝😝
So excited😅❤️
I'm so happy for you😭♥️😭♥️😭♥️
I have to buy these! 💛❤️💞
When does this palette come back in stock on that website because I need it😍😍
The website is telling me your palettes are out of stock D: Maybe it's just because I'm in the US? Or has it really just sold out that quickly?
I AM BUZZING TO GET THESE!!
I kind of love ur brows darker like that beautiful !!
I JUST GOT MINE IN THE POST ITS GORGEOUS 😍😍 I love the purple highlighter SOOOO MUCH ❤️❤️
Are these the drugs turning the frickin frogs gay?!
everyone knows they drug presidents ...what? No we dont?
It's McMaster and Kelly killing our President. Can't somebody do something NOW?
looks like they're trying to turn trump into pepe the frog
self made does it count as self made when you've made a career out of mis-information and bullshit?
If only I could see Trump's face watching this. 😂
He's been sniffing a long time.  You know what Pastor Manning is saying about him
If someone is able to drug Trump, they would simply poison him on the spot.
TRUMPS SUCKS IDIOTS
Woah, you people are unbelievable morons and a I love it. Keep the comedy up!
umb trump supporters. They in such a bad shape that they need an stupid conspiracy theory to explain the retarded president they elected.
I don't know about the President being drugged but Alex is definitely on meth.
Anybody who believes anything this lunatic says should be locked in the looney bin along with him.
I think he got  his sources wrong. Trump's incoherent rambling isn't the result of him drinking coke, it's the result of him doing coke.
Oh.... well ... lucky for us we have a drugged puppet for president .. TRUMP IS A PUTIN CUCK... BANNON IS A WORTHLESS ALCOHOLIC... ALEX YOUR A NUTBAG OF A WHOLE DIFFERENT COLOR... THIS IS A FAKE NEWS CHANNEL... DUMP TRUMP 2020... INFO WHORES IS A FUCKING JOKE...
Alex you are the biggest idiot in the world.  But only if you dismiss the idiots that listen to you.
put him in an institution allready
Alex, my asshole give birth to an alien thing, you should interview it!
03:24 Clooney gets his boner shined and polished daily by the hottest model in Europe, then he has lunch on the shores of Lake Como. What a fucking loser. Who's coming over for bonghits? Brad Pitt? Yeah tell Brad Pitt he's going to visit a loser.
OK what proof is there?
Trump is not capable of purging the white house and the rest of the government.
If your aware that this happened at all I believe our President would be making arrests as this is direct threat to him, his family and our country.
I do not doubt that is going on. Trump needs to go on offensive and fire all the POS's around him.
Ok, even for Alex this is just bat shit crazy. You mind telling us about those people who tell you these things? Because this is ridiculess even for you right now Alex
Alex has lost it long ago..  Most presidents get drugged.  wtf?
AJ...  Did you not know that there are 2  Trumps???    One in the red tie and one in the blue....    Hint...On the night of the Election...that man who was with the Trump Family was not the real one....   wink wink.....
Okay lets follow this logic.... if presidents are being drugged then why did Obama's mind stay so sharp? Oh that's right because you're full of it and America's presidents follow a pendulum from term to term, smart to simple, smart to simple....
This kind of crap is why I prefer to watch Brain Fight with Tuck Buckford
Where is the followup show with the big reveal??
Everyone, here is a link to all our reps in D.C. Contact them and tell them to shut down israeli atrocities.\nhttps://www.house.gov/representatives/find
The enemy, like a crack cocaine fiend, seeks povver by Any Means Necessary.  If Trump comes in and cuts off the enemy's access to control, and he has in many vvays, they vvill do vvhatever it takes to put an end to him.     Even if these brazen demons aren't drugging Trump novv, it's just a matter of time until they try.  Fidel Castro, love him or hate him, survived many attempts on his life,  Jesus Christ, believe in Him or not, had many conspiracies to imprison and kill him before they finally got to him..  only tofind out that you can't kill the truth.    There has alvvays been human beings acting like Snakes in The Grass.. Satan, take it as truth or fiction or metaphor, vvas the original Snake in the grass...and there vvill be many more snakes in the grass to come..     Distrust and caution are the parents of security.  Benjamin Franklin.    Be vigilant my fellovv Americans, The snakes are here.. lying in the shadovvs vvaiting to strike...  and they are poised against you because you are Righteous.  Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Instead, fear the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell.
People need to realise that this is the political commentary version of WWE. Once you understand this, you'll really enjoy it more. It really is fantastic! Thanks for another great show.
isn't this technically slander? I mean it's nuts for sure but isn't it legally slander?
I am worried because these are bad people that killed Chris Cornell and are paying Antifa and other groups to make blacks and whites to fight with each other while I want blacks and whites to unite in peace with each other.
Trump needs to never touch diet pop. Even pregnsnt women are told stay away from aspartame. Maybe he is allergic to aspartame. I know Trump watches u so lets make sure he opens his drinks himself and cleans the lid off
We need to get Jesse Ventura involved.....Alex keep the faith man.....we will prevail
I'm sure this guy is a plant this kind of thing discredits all the work intelligent people have done. Oh a don't forget to buy the crap that makes you more manly at the end🤡
Jesus? Is America THAT twisted? WOW!
What's next? An assasination attempt?
Alzheimer's Disease is a progressive, degenerative disease that attacks the brain and results in impaired memory, thinking and behavior. Symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease include a gradual memory loss, decline in ability to perform routine tasks, disorientation in time and space, impairment of judgment, personality change, difficulty in learning, and loss of language and communication skills.
This i dont belive, how would you know from a source , why xoesnt the source tell trump
Trump should drink Alexapure, to purify the body of the poison
>People like Clooney who has everything because of his billionaire parents\n\nLike Trump and his parents?\n\n>People are soo sick of empty low IQ who can't read of a prompter\n\n\nLike Trump and his inability to give the coherent speech they put on the prompter?
The best reason yet to impeach Trump, he is letting people drug him, and he is too stupid to notice, right!!!!
What a load of Bullshit
Alex & Roger what can we do, and how can I help. We can not let this happen to our President. I'm got a pit in my stomach and sick to my stomach.
This fucking guy
Diet Coke contains Aspartame, a known brain toxin.
Side shows...
Click Bait Asshole
Alex knows so much about drugs. Unhinged freak.
need start showing us hard evidence, a lot of crazy talk . For years !! Seeing is believing
Have to say the thing about W is very interesting. I saw an pre election debate with he and gore and he was sharp as a razor, this is W I'm taking about. He tore gore up. I was used to the bumbling dumb ass one from years later, you know fool me once W.
I thought he was just fucking stupid ???? Drugs are you sure I think he's just thick !!!
this is 100% true i've been saying the same thing for years now
? fake news ? how is it that you know, but our president doesn't ? Hard to believe that the president is unaware.  If this is happening then do something about it - why tell us, take action.
At least drugs would explain some of the fucked up shit he says
I checked that CNN analyst, just to see if he really was stupid enough to brag about government officials in the USA plotting to assassinate our POTUS....and he really did! Tapper tries to sweep his threats under the carpet, but the analyst is so cocky about POTUS Trump being killed, he goes on to explain why the US government officials WILL assassinate the POTUS: because Trump hurt their feelings! Time to start locking people up on treason and conspiracy to commit murder charges!
How long did Alex train to get his WWE voice?
😂😂😂more excuses for when he fires Mueller and gets impeached
lmfao and you people try to claim that mainstream media is fake
So Alex, you got what you wished for. You wanted Reince Priebus out and now that he is gone look at where things are. You wanted President Trump to stop getting advice from Jarred and Ivanka, now they don't get to see President Trump. Are you happy you got what you wanted Alex?
Oh Alex, is this your excuse for when Trump actually got into office he started to behave just like all the other (s)elected US presidents? Are you saying that all his backtracks on foreign policy are because he's being drugged through his favorite beverages? \n\nCause it must be some powerful stuff if it makes you sell arms to brutal regimes, illegally bomb nations and generally do a 180 on all the promises made in the run up to the election. \n\nAlex you are controlled opposition; maybe not always but somewhere down the line they turned you and this has been painfully evident in the recent months.
Hilarious. Keep up the good work Alex!
Or, maybe it is an intense job, he is old and thus, is getting tired? Just a thought!
Alex is right.  They have been doing this to celebrities and politicians for a long time now.  It's no secret.
You've talked to people who have talked right to him. Yeah okay buddy lmao this guy really is fkin nuts. I could get killed, I wanna let this out before they shut the show off. Totally insane
You Americans are fucking idiots. \nThe whole world is laughing at you.
AJ stop with the fake news
slurred? How about cocaine Trump sniffs in white house?
He's on drugs anyway.  Doesn't need topping up.
This is a tipping point for Infowars.\nAlex IS his own worst enemy.\nFrom gaining CRED, trashing the media darling, having Trump's ear to this TMZ level garbage.
Then why aren't you letting the president know so  that he won't drink anything from them anymore.
Oh I see now,that's the reason trump is a total& utter TWAT.....its the drugs...Again!
Ok so is this 4th hr on YouTube?
1.6 billion jobs wtf
Britta everyone... Britta - problem solved.
15:05
Does he mean Mao Zedong?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
ya its called caffine
😂😂😂 you paranoid idiot
Info Wars on YouTube trending??
https://www.yahoo.com/news/don-apos-t-loud-trump-154400140.html ?
Alex u sexy motherfucker
diet coke + slurred speech = wiskey poison
loosing credibility....
lmao this is comedy gold
FAT SPANKY ALL GROWN UP
This is trending in the U.K., I'm dead 😂
Is this a joke? I'm not american this video seems insane to me
STOP boning your daughter Mr President! Lose weight Alex lol! Both of you, GROW BRAINS!!!!
I'm done laughing at this man's insanity...
Guy looks like he should be on the Diet Coke, he's certainly got the drugs part sorted as he's definitely high the garbage he talking. George Clooney is a loser ha ha ha I stopped at that. Wacko. Then he said  they put a light on me at nbc ha ha ha prob right on his bald fat  head
I really hope Trumps sees this and acts to save his own life.
You know I have had it with the stupid shit
Globalist internet sockpuppets attacking infowars on every video, they even impersonate to make Infowars / Trump supporters look bad, paid protestors for the internet. Read the internet sockpuppet wiki page. Though there are some genuine oblivious, pretentious, deceived, naive, idiot leftists / anti-Trumpers.
Mental.
Get this disgusting lying sack of screaming lard of the trending page. Wtf
I'm sorry, but if you believe this crazy jackass you're simply fucking retarded. I really do feel sorry for you brain dead assholes.
Can you make ted backer cake x
Can you make little heart cookies, specifically the heart from the In a heartbeat short film? That would be amazing ❤️
Can you do a collab with collins key or logan
I think im the only one who likes her using her baking line i mean she is showing on how good it works. Keep the good work up Ro! ❤ 🍰
You should totally make a diamond play button cake when you finally hit 10 million subscribers.
Can you do something IT themed
Ro, you should make something Inside Out themed.
OOOOOOO I KNOW\nCan you plzzzz make a Miraculous Ladybug \nWell...whatever...\nJust something Miraculous
I'm not sure why but I don't actually believe she swallows that bite she takes at the end of her videos...
RO you should do the gummy vs real food Challenge with Mo or ijustine like if you agree
Do a vidio of you reacting to old video
Ro can you plz make the emoji movie themed
Collab with Liza Koshy
Like one of the foods or drinks in the game with power ups!
She piped the buttercream frosting so perfectly I thought it was like you know those Snoballs Cake its basically like half a snowball. But she is perfect with baking...and pretty much everything else.
can u do somethinh stranger things pls?? :)
Ro, enough of your baking line! Like if you agree
Correction : it's suga not sugar PLEASE DO SOMETHING BTS THEMED!!!  PLEASE!  PLEASE!!  PLEASEU~~~
RO DO SOMETHING IN HONOR OF HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH!!!!!!🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇺🇾🇺🇾🇺🇾🇺🇾🇺🇾🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇬🇹🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴🇨🇺🇨🇺🇨🇺🇨🇺🇨🇺🇪🇨🇪🇨🇪🇨🇪🇨🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇩🇦🇩🇦🇩🇦🇩
Can you do something Cinderella themed please!
You should do something related to Game of Thrones. Btw I love your baking merchandise and I'm so proud of you on how successful you have become. I love your videos and have a blessed day. ❤️
The soup from The tail of Despereaux please!!!
Ro you are so funny
Also, could you make another cake featuring an Anime series please?!?!
Make same thing fuller house
Can you do something bendy and the ink machine related PWWEEEAAASSSEEE
Can you do something with Liza Koshy
Rosanna! Please do something num nom themed. It could be literally anything, it would soo cute! Thanks! Your awesome!!!!!!!
U should culad with LaurDIY \nLike the coment if u agree
I saw your  book at target today
Could you please do another challenge video with Molly. You haven't done one in so long.
Can you do avidro with Karina García
Hi! Love your hair! Could you please do those jelly filled pastries from Narnia? The ones with powdered sugar on top?❤Lol sorry idk what they're called! The ones the queen gave to Edmund.
Make a really cute cake related from the movie Book of Life😊
Can u plz do something Percy Jackson themed
Could you please make new fall themed treats?
Ro, I live around the area of one of your stops on your tours but I sadly can't go. You are literally my favorite YouTuber and I have liked you sense I have ever known what YouTube was. I'm so so sorry I can't go. I have planned that day forever and can't believe that I can't go. I ❤️ you so so much and hope you keep making amazing videos.     \n❤️💛💚💙💜
Make a m&m cake with a surprise in it!!
Please can you COOKIE, or bake something with MissRemiAshten
Can you PLEEEAASSSE make something Harry Potter themed!!
can you make some winnie the pooh theme
Doo some peanut butter cookie or some diy lunch for school
i think one day lil Ro was sitting in her moms living room and wanting food. She complained to momma Ro and momma Ro said Make it yoself gurl!....then...inspiration struck!
Who thinks Ro should do something with Jacksepticeye? Like, not baking something themed like him. I mean, literally have Sean come over and do an episode with him. What do you guys think? Should it happen?
Can you do yin yang cookie 🐼
Can you do flash themed cookies that would mean alot and I love ur hair!!!
Can you make a home made lollipop with a kitty face on it😻🍭?
Can you do something Issa twaimz related for he's come back on YouTube 🤷🏽‍♀️you know like a llama cake
I feel like you haven't made enough HARRY POTTER TREATS so pls make some!! You could make the happee birthdae harry cake and maybe elevate it by turning it into a surprise cake, or something!
Could you please make something Voltron legendary Defender themed please
ro is the logo edible?
I feel like maybe Ro drinks like 3 cups of coffee before filming like her energy at random moment is so unrealistically awesome
Ro do the dount challenge with Justine or your sister
Can you do a cake that looks like your 🐕  Kylie😍😅😝😜🐕🐕🇱🇷
Can you bake a riverdale themed treat?? Such a good show!!
COOKIE SWIRL C HAS TO SEE THIS!🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪
She is hot and can cook i may be underage but will you me rosanna pansino.
Yum... I'm so excited to try this!
My birthday is on September 18th
Can you please make something Ark survival evolved? Maybe a cake or a mindwipe tonic?
Can you do something splatoon related
Make the Hamilton logo as cookies!
I saw your baking line in JoAnn' s yesterday and got super excited
MY BEST FRIEND MET U!! WE BOTH LOVE U <3
Something to do wih teen wolf cause its the last season please
Rosanna make a princess cake
Please make something Descendants 2 themed (:
Do a miraculous ladybug cake
You should make something instagram or snapchat themed 😂😂
Outlander theme!
Cinderella cake pls!!!!
What is cookie butter
More video games!
Bake with Gordon Ramsay or Ryan Higa👌
I SAW UR BAKING LINE IN MICHALS!!!
Heart chocolate chip cookies
Omggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee itttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
plz cook with Jacksepticeye
Do something Disney Descendants, please!!!!!!!
PATRONUS FOOD OF SOME SORT
Can you unicorn birthday themed treats?
more cake!!!!
Can u please pleases please do like yummy dinners plz
Make something Hotel Transylvania themed
Collab with lizza eyebrow cake plzzz \n🦄🦄❤️💩💩💩
Can you do something Cinderella themd
can you do an eggless cake pleeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
make a Moana cake
Collab with alex clark! PLEASE!
Cinderella cupcakes plz🤓
the vampire diaries !!!
Hey
I really love this Miss Rosanna Pansino!😄
do something minions themed!!!!! plz!!!!!
plez do something Disney princess themed!
Do descendants theme plz like if u agrew
can u do unicorn poop cupcakes
Cinderella cake
Ro, can you make TWD cupcakes!
Do a cinderella cake 🎂
Seeing Richard Lewis back just made me smile and feel warm inside. That man is so good for the show.
Whoa. Insight to what I was afraid of. Looks like he went over the top with his Larry David persona and is going to taint the reputation of the originl Curb, Fingers crossed this was just a cut of the dumb stuff though.
My baby is back!!
Haha! Lady sprays Larry with perfume.\n\nLarry: Fuck! \nAnd shoves her to the floor. Classic!
omg I lost my shit when Leon said he still fucking won!
Something is off
heee is baaaaack
YES
F ing Larry David ..lmao
One of the two finest and best comedy shows of all time. Of course the other one is Seinfeld.\nCannot wait to watch the new season. \n\nBig fan from Saudi Arabia.
Is it just me, or does Larry seem like an even bigger dick in this season?
You can't go home again.  It looks like he's trying too hard.
So worth the wait.
I can so relate to that last bit. When couples tongue each other in front of me I really want to just say Can you just take that shit somewhere else
I was in a hot dog eating contest..and I was constipated...and I fucking won!
I hope he keeps doing this for years, it's just going to get funnier the older he gets.
This is a blessing(and a paycheck) Larry. Look at it this way, nobody stays up and watches SNL any more so it's just a wasted cameo. And at CYE, nobody ask if you are a Racist, NAZI or Klansman, at least not to your face. And Baldwin is on a losing streak and needs the money to keep his wife's tennis coach employed. But if it means that much to you, Bernie might run again in 2020 but of course we know Hillary will be running so it will be another short run for Bernie and you'd be out on the street again. At least at CYE you've got a check.
the change in camera quality is throwing me off
god bless larry david for bringing a new season hope season 9 isnt the end of it.
Thank the Gods. The Golden God. Larry has returned to us like the crashing of a thousand waves.
Larry David is so fucking funny!!
subscribe and view my videos !!!! :) <3
If I see u on my bus again...
117 people don't respect wood.
Anyone know how I can watch this in the UK without waiting for bloody ages?
YOU GOT LONG BALLS LARRY
The world is in the death knell of a nuclear circle firing squad and this guy steps into the center to do his haha schtick ?
anyone seen the leaked episodes from this season and how were they compared to the older seasons? don't think i wanna spoil it as there only seems to be the second, third and fourth ones available..
The best comedy show ever...pretty pretty pretty awesome 😂
God knows how long I have been waiting for this. Just air them already!
17 years since the show premiered and we still can't watch re-runs on TV.   A-holes.
I've never seen this show but if this means more memes yeah
Seriously, I thought most of these people had died already.
I'm allowed to be happy for this, but not in front of Larry! And only mild laughter.
NOTICE LARRY IS GETTING ANGRIER AND ANGRIER AS THE YEARS GO BYE, JUST LIKE ME
1:08\n\nWas that a shit bow?
nick-picky observation I know, but I saw the mattress/airbed he landed on at 1:09
His shit is kind of getting old and worn out.
You know what was great about this trailer? It hyped me up for the show without giving away any spoilers, a basic promotional technique that most trailers today have forgotten how to use.
i've never seen this show but just from this trailer it looks pretty damn funny
...do you like a chip and a dip?
I am so excite for your returning, Lawrence!! I hope to perhaps edit this New Season and sneak my Face and Torso inside it!!
Larry David is up there with Sigmund Freud ,Einstein, Nabakov and Jesus in my best Jews ever list. Last time I was this pleased with developments my wife told me she was pregnant. Fucking Marvellous.
Huge fan of LD we both share the same bday July 2nd plus his show funny af😂😂😂😂😂can't wait
I came for the curb and left
If the previous seasons were even a bit scripted, this one is alltogether... And I doubt the previous ones werent
you're allowed to be happy but uh... not infront of me...
Omg, I love this show! can't wait. I desperately need to laugh!
What kind of stain was it?  True comedy is back!!!!
If Larry shaved his head he'd look like Patrick Stewart.
Omg cant wait! Its finally here!! I've waited so long for this
Return of the high-functioning sociopath - makes a nice change from the low-functioning one in The White House.
Is that Michael Fassbender at 1:13 ?
The only hero I have left.
Is this a Curb your ____ meme?
You vote this down. I vote you down
Man, HBO is kicking it in the dick lately
what a old piece of shit
I'm so glad Leon is back
shut the fuck up
Mankind's greatest creation is Larry David.
132 shmohawks disliked this video
hopefully more political incorrectness and less sjw pandering.
Sanders/David 2020
Alright!
The meme. The myth. The legend
Love, love, love this show..yes!!
Looks pretty... pretty... pretty good
Leon 🤣
YESSS FINALLLYYY
Awful show. Larry David is repulsive.
wow...........he looks really, really old!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my favorite bald ,avuncular Jew
Walter white
Fucking Finally
nice
Is that Michael Fassbender @1:12?
Fucking Jew piece of shit
Larry fukin David. Enjoy your millions while you can, you unfunny prick
Schmohawks!
YEAHHH!!!!! I miss that crazy loon!
Bingoooooooo!!! Can't wait :)
Oh God oh God oh God hes back!
Genius comedian
Cranston as Larry's therapist?!!!!!
shit bow at 1:08
CAN'T WAIT !!!!
FUNK MAN!!!! LOL
Krayzee Eyez Killah disliked
meme
Fuckin A
Jews gonna love this!
Richard got botox
curb your curb your enthusiasm trailer
101 people wear Enigma
I have bought HBO every year for many many years now I am done with you liberal pieces of shit fuck you and fuck your network and fuck all you America haters not buying another fucking product from Hollywood. I'll guarantee you're going to lose so much fucking money and you assholes will never win another election trust me
They're all really showing their ages now.
Funny show. But undoubtedly neo-liberal propaganda.
Weak meme
Unlike Seinfeld, this has gone on a lot longer than should have. Should've ended it season 5
And errrr, I don't care. lol brilliant
There may be nothing here but when I fart it sure does hang around for a while. Could this be that wonderful aroma Carrey was alluding to?
Truman left one fake world for another.
god dammit Jim has been watching too much Rick and Morty again
E! reporters are dumb as fuck while Jim dropped the truth bomb on them.
I don't believe you excist?  How about she pours a bucket of boiling water over you.  Bet you move buddy.  This talk is Hinduism.  Silly
Speak the truth even if people have no idea what's really going g on within his wording. It's all meaningless. Truthfully. YES!!
I hope they don't suicide him 😢
The interviewer is so annoying and she doesn't even realize how dumb she is.
he's right, people need to be less materialistic
I wanted to find the most meaningless thing i can fucking come to and here i am- jim carrey
Sounds like he's been reading Ekhart Tolle
no one wants to hear the truth.
Well he's right about one thing, we shouldn't be looking to 'icons' for scientific and political issues.
What a fucking lunatic and I'll burn out bum that no one cares about anymore but he thinks he's important. Total fucking has been idiot
Jim Carey has depression I heard
Jim is secretly  trying to tell us something..he's very intelligent# Flat earth.. alternate universe.. breaking the  dome.. fake world we live in, everything  is not as it seems
Anyone who says  cluster of tetrahedron is alright with me.
he looks sick and his voice sounds weak
Can you guys stop saying Oh damn so deep he is so smart trust me that he haves depression.
I really hope he is not depressed... :(
It's not our world, We don't matter. Epic interview. Jim Carrey for president
Kind of fucked up that she asked if he needed a date since his gf killed herself. Also, what's with her hair?
My hope in humanity has been restored
To me he is tottally on drugs, look at him, that cant be just the time passing by on him, he's tottally sucked out
This is Lloyd Christmas all grown up and wiser.
At least she is hot.
someone watched too much rick and morty
He probably going to get his ass handed to him for saying things like this and awakening the masses but I'm glad he is switching teams. It was hard to like an actor that was deep with the elite but he leaving them little by little.
Well he's not wrong...
I mean I kinda lost him halfway through trough\nIcons don't exist, okay yeah agreed but personalities? Depends what you mean with that\nObviously people have personalities otherwise we'd be all the same (which we are in our core) but that's only to a certain extend\n\nAll in all he just confused that poor girl, it's too much info for her
Dear Jim Carey,\n\nCan I have some money before you kill yourself.\n\nSincerely,\nA huge Fan of yours\n\nP.S. Don't do it\nP.S.S. You're right we don't matter but just hang out and watch it burn \m/
a perfect conversation between a conscious and an unconscious mind!!!!!!
He is just telling the truth.
I can never concentrate on this video because of here DAMN HAIR!!!
He's tired of the old bullshit media fake lives,
He was on LSD, questioning reality and ego
You bet your life that the circling around the  woman is reminiscent of a routine Groucho Marx did with Margaret Dumont.   The wiseacre  and the sophisticate routine.  Goucho was a weird to his generation.    Jim is just being a 21st Century Groucho;
Nihilism, thanks Jim! Make people feel uncomfortable thats reality if you guys want to imagine it as one
Clearly this guy doesn't know what he's talking about, he's just spewing some incoherent nonsense and people are calling it genius lol everyone always wants the people they like to be right that's why celebrities are stupid
Yeah, another celebrity that saw the light. That's a first. If there's no meaning to any of this and nothing matters, why not just shut up and go live a secluded life in the wilderness. It's not like anybody is forcing him to be there. And it's not like he doesn't have millions of dollars allowing him to fade into obscurity. I love these guys acting all mighty and against the machine, when they're part of it and depend on it. If you're going to the show and don't want to play your part, just don't go at all.
Someone decode his movements along with what he's saying I want to come to a better understanding of what he really is trying to say.
Well he is absolutely right, so i don't see a problem here, except for those people that are still asleep, need to wake them up, there are still tons of them!
It's not our world. Talking about illuminati's control and takeover.
what jim has been doing for the last 2 years or so is kinda genius, he is just dropping thought-bombs which you are not supposed to do in a normal conversation, he knows that if he is going to talk about existential topics as a celebrity he is going to be ridiculed and called pretentious so he just embraced that fact and rides it like a wave, people say he is going crazy and i just think he got tired of playing by anyones rules and just made up his own, a true ICON xd
Anyone who thinks he's not just acting and she's really surprised is a moron.
I think he made a lot of sense.
Your life is one big fat lie\n#WakeUp
Well I mean it is getting close to his girlfriends two year death anniversary and it's not like he hasn't said things like this before. This isn't the mind of a crazy person or a woke person. This is the mind of a person who's been depressed for a very long time.
This man is living in the year 3017
Jesus Christ, I love this man. He is so true and her reaction is priceless. It's not our world, we're just living in it. We don't matter, w e don't help the world in any way, we just try to fix all the shit that we've already destroyed.
To me Jim Carrey is the biggest icon ever, because he always makes me think. But there is no such thing as icon. Got it!
I'd fuck her so bad that shell start crying not because shes hot but cuz she's annoying as fuck and needs someone to slap the shit outta her
Oh Jim, we get it. Now please stop. Stop exposing before they drug you up or kill you. 😔😔
how can you look back in the camera like I'm with insane man now, help me, when somebody like Mr. Carry tries to say you something interesting?! You're nothing, you're moron, you're asshole... He's got amazing life experience, and you just want to show him absolutely NO respect. You should go in your boutique and trade fucking shoes.
i love this Interview.... I really do. ❤🙌
He is just bored about the same stupid question bla bla bla he is like i dont care..lolz
lmaooooo bitch this is why i LOVE Jim Carrey !!!
comment sections like these make me lose all faith in humanity
It's probably an attention grab or a method act of his latest TV series or movie lol i dunno, still, it's head opening :)
jim if you read maybe need to search Gustavo rol.
Kanye West says similar things and gets called crazy. Jim gets called a genius.
I think he discovered that hollywood is a cloud and is seeing reality and more. I do not think he's crazy, the geniuses criticized them for that. I think he has found an incredible realism and ex-subjectivism that would be interesting to hear.
What a stuck up bitch interviewer.
He is becoming red-pilled and this dumb cunt does not even know red pills exist,thats what is wrong in this interview.
The man is a comic known for being switched on all the time. He does comedic things all the time. She wasnt ready for him obviously
I want to understand what is going on with Jim. I love his work and he never seemed like a bad person to me, so I wish I could know the truth. I don't believe the media anymore.
The guy just lost his ex-girlfriend to suicide and she opens the interview with you need a date??? Sounds like an insensitive b#%ch if you ask me! \nFashion world - 0  \n👉🏼Jim Carrey- 1,000000000000
Why can't people just see it he's joking around
He's an actor. A great actor.
 We Don't Matter, We DON'T Matter ! That's The Good News :)  .
Jim Carrey will probably be dead by the end of the year, unfortunately!
Jim your only suppose to take one red pill not the whole fucking bottle.
Thanks God for Jim Carrey!! Keep doing your thing king! thanks we know all ❤
✊️ Way to tell it Jim! What's understood doesn't need to be explained!! #StayWoke
For those confused, when he says 'we don't exist', he's not referring to our physical bodies. In the phrase 'my hand', the hand exists but not the apparent and independent possessor of it. This is Buddhism basics.
True. Keep it up Jim.
This is HILARIOUS!
relatable???
Fucking brilliant man.
Jim carrey has earned my deepest humble respects
shit my nigga tripping on acid
Most cringy thing of 2k17
bitch face
JIM CARREY FTW
DMT
oh shit tetrahedron jim ?
Judging unprofessional idiot interviewer.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Interesting ...but Cantinflas did it better ...
Z
Pretty cringy tbh
Another level comedian
Damn . Dudes crazy
please  sub spanish????
Jim Carrey is fucking everything
Jim Carrey Is a FUKIN BOSS
Daum he got so old!
This was brilliant.  Stay awesome Mr Carrey
I can't believe the reporter acted shocked like Jim was acting out of the ordinary!!! How dare she!!!!!!!!!!
Zappacosta looks like zlatan lol
Epic goal from zappacosta
Come on Chelsea let's go on and win the champions league!!!!\nRight attitude 💕💕💕💕👏👏
Pedro doesn't score tap ins,only bangers
This new content is good man. Keep up the good work the team behind this official chelsea channel. \n\nProof that you guys do listen to fans and keep on improving!!!
I was there tonight, zappacosta goal was awesome in person 😏
Zappacosta looks like Bonucci & Chiellini 😁
Best club for ever! 💗🙏
Nice win, hope we can carry that form on in the champions league
PLS do funnel cams. And I was disappointed musanda was not playing or even on bench. Christiansen need to be starting 11 he was fantastic today. His better than cahill that the thing I don't like about antonio. BUT great win for us. zappacosta you absolute beauty. ARSENAL ARE YOU READY FOR US😛😛😂😂
what a goal from zlatan ibrah... i mean zappacosta😂
Personally think Zappa is going for goal. That ball was too fast for a pass, not to mention the technique he used when kicking the ball, it was meant to be powerful.
Oi Chelsea will win the champions league trust me I now
Zappacosta's adventure on Chelsea now BEGINS! 👏👏👏
Great win, but we played a club from Azerbaijan. No offense to any Qarabag fans.
black or white tweet 👍
Quem é brasileiro da up 👍
Zappacosta is a best he's what we needed a proper LB
Zappacosta more like Zlatancosta!
When will we see tunnel cams on this channel
Great work guys very entertains summary of this game. hopefully we will win it this year. come on Chelsea KTBFFH
England is 🔵🔵🔵🔵🔵 and Europe will soon be too!! COYB
I'm so christernson started
Zappacosta's goal was a terrible cross
thanks for the vids and do this more so i can watch highlight in official accounts! #COYB
Great win. But I just hope Cahill is on the bench for ALL big games in this season. Batshuayi too.
Zappa 🔥😍
common chelsea 👏👏👏👏
legenda em português
Epic goal from Zlatan!
Yeaa cmon CHELSEA ✌✌✌🔥🔥🔥🔥😎😎😎
Esse é o único canal de time que não mostras Bastidores nem nada, aff
Only here to see the one day Chelsea fans that would say zappacosta should be starting ahead of Moses.
Zappacosta looks like the new Alonso! Now we just need a left wing back to compete with Alonso & a back up striker if Batman doesn't improve.
we need more goals against Roma and Atletico de madrid
Chelsea are firing on all cylinders.
Take us to Kiev!
See , Conte proved the world wrong by signing players that everyone thought would flop .When Bakayoko I thought he was gonna be benched but WOW .Then we have King ZAPACOSTA !
The content has improved loads! keep up the good work
1unlike from fans other club?😁
CMON YOU BLUES!!! BEST LADS IN THE CL
Like if u believe Chelsea will win the champions league
Zappacosta's goal should be a contender for the puskas award.
Legend in a making
There last night Shed End.. amazing night boys. Just got my tickets for the Roma game next month. Let's do this
THANK YOU CHELSEA FOR LISTENING TO US AND BRINGING US WORLD CLASS CONTENT.\n\nSOON TO BE THE BEST FOOTBALL CLUB ON YOUTUBE!!!!
YESSSSS now we're showing game footage instead of just audios and pics!
If Morata played he can score two goals or a hatrick
Why I always wanted zappacosta to join Chelsea
Really good performance from the new players 👍
Thank you Chelsea for the great win. Keep up the good work. Is there a new song about Zappacosta yet? Something to do with goal of the season, please.
i thought it was supposed to b a cross??
What a glorious goal by zappacostaaaaa !!!
I think the manager is doing great and am very happy. Since I am celebrating 22yrs of supporting the blue's
What's the name of the Background song?  Love it!!!
Cant wait to see Chelsea get tested against a real team. We look very good rn
what a goal from zap
hope we can beat AS Roma and Atletico with the same score 😎😎😎 c'mon CHELSEA!!! #ktbffh
Amazing performance by the BLUES!! thanks!  Come on #CHELSEA #CFC
Chelsea Is the best #Blues
Come on #Chelsea
Zappacosta was brilliant
Cahill looks like busquets lol
Zappa Zappa Costa Zappa Costa costaaaaaaaaa
Start him over moses.
name of song?
Zappacosta next ivanovic
Why are we showing some of the goals, but others we have no clips for?
classic zappacosta
Zappacosta scored a beauty!
Brilliant start for Chelsea 🔥 Zappacosta is amazing 🔥 💪 😁
zappacosta.. panic buy.. alonso, panic buy.. luiz panic buy.. i wonder how drinkwater performance.. haha
вперед Челси
One dislike, from Qarabag's goalkeeper
Come on Chelsea 💙
CHELSEA CHELSEA CHELSEA
up chelsea
Increase the difficulty!
BAKA
zappacosta nice goal..wow
great video
Decent vid 👍💙
Zap ⚡️
We love chelsea😍
merci conte .et merci le nouveau Costa
It was a great goal by Zappacosta, but I got a feeling it was unintentional. I think he was going for a cross.  lol
GOOOOL ZAPPACOSTA
C'mon blues
First
Good win lads but don't get too happy , we have arsenal next. Hoping for the win
zappacosta better than moses
Chelsea fc cmon
Hope you being A.Cole 2.0 :)
Great win boys. A few things i saw that need change. 1st cahill needs to.be benched in the 15th min he made another red card tackle. He is past it bench and sell in january. 2nd moses to the bench zappacosta is better imo. 3rd michyi isnt a good backup he did nothing until he scored. He doesnt read the plays that willian and pedro run at all. All in all good win. I saw keep back 3 same as last 3 pl games bench moses and start hazard vs arsenal. KTBFFH
WHO the hell is Qarabag??
that 6-0 prediction
Rudiger not that good when he play on right side of cb position.
Lorraine was the ultimate milf of this show, FUCK she is smoking hot
Rest in peace Frank, you were brilliant in all of your roles.
Rest In Peace Frank
Rest In Peace Frank Vincent!
I hope they made him a shinebox. RIP Frank!
Rest in Peace Frank...you're now in the big shinebox in the sky...
Joey's face at 1:13 when Lorraine said I will suck your cock! LOL. Come on Phil. Can we pweeeeese?
RIP Frank Vincent
RIP Frank Vincent!
No more shine boxes....just coffins now....RIP Frankie V!
RIP Frank
RIP Frank Vincent. Legendary.
What a great scene.
Phil Leotardo was comedy gold.
I'll suck ya shinebox
1:13 lmao Phils face.
He should have use a shine box instead of the book
fuckin scumbag
That's most of the shinebox
She comes walking in like she's impending doom and as soon as she's tied up she's offering blow jobs.
Hey guy's please whatever this is shut up and get you'r fucking shine box
How bout this humidity?
She should've offered to get her fucking shinebox i bet Phil would've been pleased
0:55 she's acting like a baby throwing a tantrum, LOL
Suck our cahhhks?
I wouldve let her blow me
Suck our shineboxes?
you'll suck our shinebox?
You can hear the piss hitting the floor at 1:35.
she's got a pile of luscious tatas...
Great tits Honey. Always thought she was a sexy broad.
Next time, bring your shinebox
How about this humidity? *SMACK* - Best Display of 'Like I give a fuck' about smalltalk.
80% women in America deserve this
1:45 Next time, they'll be no Shinebox.
& I wonder if it would really stop @ the R's?
Adios, you fuckin shinecock
I'm guessing he's not gonna have most of it next time after that display.
Blow jobs? You know what you can do? Shine my shoes. Go home and get your shoe shining machine.
This'll muffle the shine box
if I was some big shinebox standing here would you still tell me that's most of it
how about this humidity! too funny
Don't worry. The shine box will muffle the shot.
How bout this humidity?? SMACK!!!👋... priceless,  lol
Ladies and gentlemen, Phil Leotardo!
now go get your fucking shinebox!
Bartender: Hey guys, please, whatever this is...\n\nPhil: Shaddup\n\nBartender: But i have a shinebox\n\nPhil: (intrigued) I'm listening
look at this Joey today's her lucky day it only made it too the shine box
Adios you fucking shinebox!
You'll suck our cocks?! She any good? What am I asking you for? You probably showed her how.
wonder how she's going to walk in and collect in there next time?
You'll suck our shineboxes
vito probably  tried to get off by blowing them, too
I'll do anything! I'll shine your shoes! All of you guys!
is she worl for the Irish mob
I , I would have taken the blowjob.
lol I love Phil's entrances
Chop, chop, hit a shinebox
ill suck your shinebox
Next time, there'll be no 'next time.' \nSuch a badass line.
They called her spitshine Lorraine. She'll make your cocks look like fucking mirrors
those islander tickets right?\n\nhow about this shinebox?
Fucking Break Up My Party!!
What am I asking you for you probably showed her how\n\n@ColoredSpaces
Ah sweet - they got Heineken on tap!
should of at least took the bj..
suck our cocks ? that Billy Batts' face, priceless
1:16 She any good?  Eh what am I asking you for?  You probably showed her how.  Nailed it, Phil.
hey joey, today's her lucky shinebox
this is how u fucking scare somebody lol thick fucking book
lol hahahahahahaha best scene of the whole fucking show. she acts all tough then offers to blow all of them. then phil says what am I asking you for you probably showed her how. lol Hahahaha fucking genius.
Adios you fuckin shinebox
Should of shot her in the fucking mouth
That right there should have been a come to Jesus moment for Lorraine.
lol this was just a perfect scene. every line that comes from Phil is GOLDEN!!!\n\nHow bout this humidity??
How about this shineboxmidity *SLAP*
I love Phil , man of Honor ! he show that bitch where she belong
I'll Suck your Shineboxes
Islander tickets and a BJ?  The 80s are back!
Nice tits
Damn lorraine is nice and thick and you put a phone book in her face shes down to service any dude in the vacinity.
I would have jumped on her offer.
You'll suck our cocks!? \nShe any good?\nWhat am I asking you for you probably showed her how!\nPhil leotardo was bad ass
How realistic is it that the bullet only would've made it through part of that phone book?
Today's her lucky shinebox
How about this humidity?
Her panties were full of pee pee!
Excellent actor
And after they leave, she just picks up her toyboy and goes like ooookay let's just pretend this never happened.
she said the N word!!!!! she a r- racist
Ho!
1.35 Did she piss herself?
all women are like her, they act tough on the outside .but one good smack to the left and they want to suck your dick
chop chop, hit a woman, she got hit
Look, it only made to the S's.
Oh come on,  what's the point of havin a dude that big and buff if he's gonna go down so fast.
Frank Vincent is a wiseguy legend.
This isn't fair, because no matter who she kicks up to, the other will kill her.\n\nCan't she be on standby until they figure out the org chart?
I mean I would have titty fucked her....
So we're not gonna show the best part, Max preachin' the truth?
If Kaep's receivers were 8 feet tall and could reach overthrown passes, or under 5 feet tall and could scoop up dirt balls at their feet, he'd rank in the top 5 QBS of all time.
Reading Calvin Snoop Dogg Broadus Jr.'s biography and music art, I learned much like Tupac and untold numbers of American urban story-TRUTH-tellers, Calvin composes music vividly describing America's current National HEALTH CRISIS, aka America's Culture of African American Child Abuse, Emotional Neglect and Maltreatment that evolved from America's multi-generational, ignorant, once legal Culture of Racism!\n\nReading Calvin's art I learned he composes music HATEFULLY demeaning and denigrating black or African American teen girls and women, aka the MATERNAL HALF of America's black or African American population, as less than human *itches and hoes unworthy of basic human respect. \n\nReading Calvin's art I learned much like Mr. Barack My Brother's Keeper Obama WH guests and friends urban TRUTH-tellers Kendrick Lamar and Nasir Nas Jones, Calvin composes music vividly describing the VIOLENT, SUIC!DAL, HOMIC!DAL people and community harming behaviors he engaged in, or witnessed his emotionally ill friends and other community members engaging in.\n\nFrankly, after learning of Calvin Snoop Dogg Broadus Jr.'s potentially life scarring childhood and teen upbringing, I have no doubts what-so-ever Snoop Dogg (born 1971) is one of COUNTLESS “EVERYONE(s)” the late popular American urban story-TRUTH-teller Tupac Shakur (born 1971) is speaking about in his (often misinterpreted) #THUGLIFE Child Abuse, Emotional Neglect, Abandonment and Maltreatment *AWARENESS* concept!!!\n\nThe Hate U Give Little Infants Fvvks *EVERYONE* ~Tupac Shakur\n\n“We need more people who care; you know what I’m saying? We need more women, mothers, fathers, we need more of that…” ~Tupac Shakur\n\nIn case there is any confusion, I am writing about and sharing evidence of America’s MUCH IGNORED, oppressive, potentially life scarring African American *PARENTAL CHILD CARE* HEALTH CRISIS that I, as well as a growing number of my reasonably responsible, caring, concerned American and foreign born neighbors believe is impeding our American neighbors of African descent from experiencing the equality and respect all peaceful, reasonably responsible Americans are entitled to enjoy.\n\nPeace.\n___\nAmerican *(Children's)* Lives Matter; Take Pride In Parenting; End Our National Health Crisis; Child Abuse and Neglect; End Community Violence/Fear, Police Anxiety & Educator's Frustrations\n\nTagged: #JamylaBolden, #TyshawnLee, #KingstonFrazier, #AvaCastillo, #JulieDombo, #FredrikaAllen, #EthanAli, #LavontayWhite, #NovaMarieGallman, #AyannaAllen, #TrinityGay, #THUGLIFE >>>REMEDY>>> #AFRECAN\n\n*America’s Firm Resolve to End Childhood Abuse and Neglect”*
lol man makes a point that this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave ......until i blieve it is the land of the free and home of the brave will i not stand for teh natl anthem.......lmfao. IM sorry which triggered bitches on which sides of the spectrum want to make more of it lmfao...........pls project all problems in life into the issue as apparently there is more to look into.....oh people that have the right to pass on this guy did......and now its coming into question???????????really in question? or the issue of indifference and  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave that is really being brought up again due to it selling quite well in our climate........its ok im sure colin is the only one that believes  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave triggered salt bitches come here to shit on him as a safe space i guess........bc  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave is apparently a view only held buy 1 guy enough to equate to 1/2 the country hating him.........for some reason bc  this isnt the land of the free and home of the brave is only a thought held by 1 american apparently  lmfao. meanwhile i await the signs of a one world govt/globalized army etc....that is free to commit world wide atrocity with little to no opposition taxing and enslaving the world on a global scale yeah w.e. Hegemons got a far wider scope than the typical laymen looking at the world through a straw while breathing through the same straw. lmfao keep projecting that its colin thats the problem and in reality this 50% thats not exactly or literally 50% of our population but the deplorables that projects their hatered to the remaining population onto colin lmfao.....and every other object that the hegemons put in front of you to scare you into your next panicked act or impulse.....lmfao you fools cant even choose your own choices or decide or rationalize anything you merely look to your decision makers to do as the hegmonds intend for the proletariat god damn
It's all the backlash and constant questions the team would get if he was picked up by a team. That and they would lose a little money. That's from the fans not understanding and/or not caring about what's going on with the uncalled for killings and brutality from police against blacks and no consequences for it. Too hard to see through the lens of another person and being closed minded. For some it's just racism. Teams don't want to take the chance of sacrificing their comfort zone or likelihood of the franchise. So for those who say why then just move? Shouldn't have to, he was born here and ancestors had a BIG stake in building this country for shit. He opted out but he's good enough to be at least a backup somewhere.
An AIDS infected Male slut, and a Pot head druggy that promotes Black youth to drugs and a life of crime! Yeah, we want their advice! Lol! On a racist Black loser QB that hates Blacks as much the KKK does! 😂! \n\nNot one of the three live in a black neighborhood!!!\n\nThis is hilarious!! You can't write this type or ignorance!! I love it! Daytime drama! As The Race Card Turns!!!!
Season already kicked off and still no Colin lol
Are y'all blind. He  got benched as a back up quarterback way BEFORE he starting kneeling. Why don't anyone remember this? He underperformed during practices WAY BEFORE he starting kneeling during  the anthem. So please.....lets cut the BULL CRAP AND THE FAKE HYSTERIA.
lol snoop says teams need someone like Kap that will help you win right now.. Kap's had a losing record the last two years in a row, he's a trash qb and too much of a liability
Same happened to Mahmoud Abdul Rauf in the NBA
a black athlete that kids might look up to is in the media for standing up for social issues and using his own money and time to help others!?!?!?!?! GOD FORBID
Snoop got that clean lineup lol
Kap is getting what he deserves the NFL is doing the right thing
I'm done with ESPN. Its become too political for my liking. Having Snoop Dogg on the panel is not appropriate. Goodbye
probably the first time, I heard snoop talk without saying bitches and hoes..
Only difference is backup QB's are not asking for millions of dollars. Fuck Kap, He's trash and needs to just focus on his black panther bullshit..Lol
It's crazy looking at snoop now compared to the death row days 😂
Snoop look like he got stone 3-5 hours before he got on the show...
snoop and magic, I don't think they're could possibly be a cooler panel
Kap should do like Terelle Pryor and switch to wide receiver
Help a team win????? Hello helped the niners win one game out of eleven with his 1-10 record last year.
We have a pussy grabbing lying racist as president, but Kaep is being vilified for protesting.
For fucking Christ's sake, COLIN HAS NOT DONE ANYTHING BUT WEAR A FUCKING TSHIRT, AN AFRO, AND TAKE A KNEE!!!! It's not like he is out brandishing a weapon at civilians! What is so wrong behind that?
Kaepernick will not buck dance ok back down. I support Kaepernick 100 %
Why doesn't he just go to the CFL then?? LOL
Conservatives get black balled in Hollywood all the time for their beliefs. So whats so special about Kaepernick getting black balled in the NFL? ESPN employs BLM activists instead of sportcasters to pump out white hate and Kaepernick supports that. Let him go work at ESPN and join the club.\nJust because you can throw a ball does not mean your owed a job in the NFL. You think Kaepernick is the only one who has more skill then some in the NFL? If you apply at my work and I don't like you, I should still be forced to hire you? F that.
What happened to the very next comment, made by Max Kellerman, ESPN? Didn't want anyone to hear that again, huh?
Love these guys (except for max) but talking aboit bads schools and bools being torn. Magic has clearly never been a teacher. The kids r awful, they r the ones tearing the books.
Snoop probably went to ESPN high af😂😂
That's y we NEED MORE BLACK OWNERS!
Yea this is what we needed,nigga that has aids to talk about black problems...whats next??Magic johnson faggot tranny son will come to the show to speak  about tranny lives? Snoop Dog like 60 year old stil reps crip gang and killed innocent men and they not put him in jail...yeah these are the voices black peoples needs to listen...some aids dude that has tranny son,and some 60 year old nigga still acting like he gangbanger
Snoop needs to be a regular on this show. I'd rather have his real opinions on things than hear Will Cain try to analytically dissect and disagree with everything SAS and Max say. Would put a real positive spin on this show, which sometimes tends to devolve into bickering and arguing over abstract points and ideologies.
Is Colin Kaepernick going to take the Colts to the playoffs? Nope. The jets? Nope. The jags? Nope. He's not some transcendent player who is going to make your team great so don't try to tell me that if they cared about winning they'd sign Kaepernick. Oh by the way it is a good move for owners to not sign him because there are lots of people protesting the NFL over these guys kneeling for the anthem so regardless of how Stephen A feels, Kaepernick did offend a good portion of the audience.
Come subscribe to my channel! The top 100 subs will be entered in a giveaway!!!
why does she talk wtf. just sit there and look hot. women shouldnt be analysts
CAN WE PLEASE FUCKING STICK TO SPORTS!!!!
but who wants him ?
Oh and by the way.... hard drug use in america has increased again in america as if its the 80s......  and guess what culture is the most followed/popular with the new generation?.....     I know people are still too primitive to understand this but racism in America is not your number 1 problem black ppl..........    never has been.   Who lives freer than black males in america?  Watch your television
That's true snoop dog!! But them folks ain't trying hear that.. it is what it is..
Snoop Dog is actually better than Will Clown
It's not football something u u use your hands dumb Americans
Stephen A. Smith and snoop hit me up guys, I got some doctors that could fix those hairlines that go all the way back to segregation.
Kap is going to be recognized as one of the greatest humanitarians of all time, keep it up white America.
Lost all respect for snoop' s heroin smoking ass after the Floyd and Connor fight
Hey I don't turn on ESPN for politics now I got to stop watching ESPN because it a Biased Network come on freaking racecards going to now be in sports give me a freaking break... Why don't you just go on strike and not even have the football season just because of one jerk
Snoop the sell out,  SAS is more gangsta
Magic Johnson and Snoop Dogg. Thats a lotta greatness right there
Maybe he's too much of an off field distraction that hasn't produced enough on the field to be on a team. 85% of the league is black. Shut up with this racist bs.
Stoop dog on the set
Colin wasn't helping my niners win the last season he was there. He had a hot couple of years. He's not an elite passer. The other stuff just the icing on the cake.
so, Pac wasn't cool with Snoop Dogg?
why does it seem everyone that is backin colin now was quiet as shit at the time of his protests?
Trust, if you can ball or be top 10-12 at your position you ALWAYS get a second shot in the NFL. But if you are just ON THE TEAM you become a distraction and not a team enhancement. PERIOD.\n\nSo there are 12 QB's as a GM i would take over Kaep, easily. And my NFL team building strategy at the QB position changes drastically if my QB choice is under top 12-15. I move the time and dollar resources to full other needs on the team until my QB options improve. But to offer you a second chance you can just be a guy on the team.
thought magic had dreads in the thumbnail lol
Steven A. 100% right when he said, the NFL owners feel it will effect their bottom line, it sounds good to me. It is a business after all. And with 70% of the NFL player being black it's obvious this has nothing to do with racism. Blacks will still try to interject race into the reason, but they always do that all the time.
Good thing Colin had some skills because he's about the ugliest MF in football.
If us working people brought our politics  into work and cost the boss MONEY  we'd be out on my ass real quick
The NFL will be just fine without Colin Kaepernick.
I'm good on football, I'll just catch the Raider highlights
People seem to forget that Colin Kaepernick grew up in a white family and a town that is basically all white in Turlock California. Why isn't anybody talking about that. And I live 20 minutes north of Turlock and I used to work there and I can tell you in equivocal that town is very Prejudice towards so-called minorities. I was working at a grocery store called Save Mart back in 2005 just helping out for 2 months because I worked in Modesto and these people acting like that never seen a black guy before I felt like I stepped into the sixties..
cilon krapdick is a nigger and so is poop dog
well since you all backing up mr colin kaepernick...let me ask you all the same question...why kaepernick didn't do this kneeling shit when barack obama was in office for 8 fucking years?
CHARLOTTVILLE ? REALLY SNOOP ...WHAT ABOUT MISSOURI or EVEN MIAMI 🤔😏\n#GTFOH
It was peaceful that's why
This is a stupid question of Kaepernick not being on a roster. Just say, Listen, we want to test you to see whether or not we conform you to our opinion on issues so you can keep your money. It doesn't matter, it's not an issue, and both Snoop and Magic should just say, I'm making money and making moves and I'll hire Kaep and he doesn't need to risk CTE or ridicule. It's a stupid set-up question and I can't give you guys all this money without making you think like me. Here's the money, say what I tell you to say. Yeah, we are going to pretend like this is a casual conversation... HAHAHAHA!!!
Most all Protest by BLM is not peaceful. So what is your point Snoop? Looting, Vandalism, murder, and so on should be overlooked for a righteous cause. Uh, No!
The man went to the Superbowl, and the following year, went to the NFC championship game. He can ball-out with the best of em.
UNTIL HE'S BACK HIRED THE NFL IS FIRED IN MY HOUSE
White supremacy is the conscious or unconscious belief or the investment in the inherent superiority of some, while others are believed to be innately inferior. And it doesn't demand the individual participation of the singular bigot. It is a machine operating in perpetuity, because it doesn't demand that somebody be in place driving.\nMichael Eric Dyson\nIt doesn't exist!
Naw answer his question. What did he do that was so bad?
LMFAO!\nThey are asking the opinion of snoop lion, snoop dog or whatever his name is.  This guy made a living by rapping about violence and fucking hos. I guess they have to get the opinion of the average black man.
ESPN is a fucking disgrace u have a scumbag like snoop who make a video about killing Donald Trump and people should take he's black ass seriously fuck out of here.
Tom Savage lasted two quarters before getting pulled. \nMatt Moore didn't even get a chance to be the starter when Tennehill went down.\nMark Sanchez  is the third string QB on the bears.\nGeno Smith broke his jaw on his team-mate's fist but is good enough to backup Eli.\nBut Kaep can't even get an interview. The NFL is just 32 billionaires making money on the backs of people willing to destroy their bodies. There are 30 players in the NBA with guaranteed contracts of more than $100m. There are zero in the NFL.
the moral of the story here is snoop dog set up and got 2pac murdered in Las Vegas 1996 and got away with murder twice.
All this because of some fat, overweight, ugly, donut sucking white assholes
The problem is that he isn't good enough to be worth the distractions he will bring. If he was a Tom Brady or an Aaron Rogers, teams would sign his ass in a heartbeat.
SNdoubleop
Magic sound out of touch asf.
Stick to sports espn
Msespn at it again
When did ESPN become SJWN?
Snoop almost Snitched! :-)
Craig Hodges
Racist people hate kap #FUCKracistPatriots
Kaepernick gon end up broke.
White Supremacy is Americas TRUE Tradition.
Colts, Jets, Broncos, Jaguars, etc need him asap
echo chamber
Colin sucks
Liberal espn, colin is a scrub.
Whats up with Snoops face???? ive never seen him with that much makeup on
Collin kaepernick has the right to protest. With that said, these owners have the right not to sign his ass if they don't want him. No matter what you believe or what you do, actions have consequences. You don't have to like it but that's just the way it is.
Kap = trash!!\n\n#FuckBlackLivesMatter!!!
LOL the retards in commenting are being so dishonest. None of these guys know shit about football.\nKaepernick is a backup, or a starter on a bottom 5 team at best. Once you look at all the negative publicity he brings with him it's no surprise whatsoever no team wants him. Miami would've signed him, but wait huge Cuban population who hate Kaepernick because of his Castro support ( pretty disgusting, I mean the guy was a genocidal dictator ). Also, the Ravens were set to sign him, and his gf sends out a racist as f tweet that ruined the deal, as Ray Lewis has been attesting to.\nThere are studies that have been done showing the NFL's loss in viewership was directly tied to these anthem protests, so if a player is already bad and does this shit, none of you can act shocked or disgusted when they get cut.\nThe owners have a vested interest in keeping viewership up. Capitalism only cares about making money, it doesn't care about your skin color or your sexuality morons
What these rich bozos don't understand is that the middle class OVERWHELMINGLY disagrees with Kaepernick's tactics. They see it as disrespect toward our military. So regardless of the truth in his protest, MOST, and yes, MOST, sports fans see it as disrespectful. Stop trying to twist it into a race thing because it ain't.
We all know what's up by now right? Let those in this country continue to hide their racism and bigotry behind false beliefs, and let's continue to call them out and expose them for what they truly are. Make America great, this time!
Colin is a fkn bullshitter. He wanted attention. Once he needed a contract he stands up fkn sell out
Something isn't right here Snoop Dogg clean cut and not high the world is going to hell
This one of the few times you'll catch snoop dogg not high
When will the race baitors of ESPN realize Kap is a garbage QB? Sure some QBs in the league are trash; replacing trash with trash just leaves you with the same old trash
Rihanna definitely raised the bar for me. This shows other companies there is absolutely no excuse for putting only 5-10 shades out there that only cater to a certain group of people. Its a 10/10 for me as well!
the way you applied that contour!! hunttyyyyy!!! that was genius lol
I have so much to say where do I start!! First off THANK YOU so much for saving me that night of the release with all those swatches you did! Seriously saved me a lot of time at checkout. This IS the best Fenty Beauty review I've seen thus far. I love your attention to detail and how thorough you are! And thank you so so much for showing how to apply Trophy wife the RIGHT way. I know it's pigmented but I'm waiting for mines in the mail and I just kept thinking I was going to practice applying it as lightly as possible so I didn't have straight yellow on my face lol. You made that application trick look so easy. That highlight is gorgeous obviously not for everyday but for when you want to show out! I recently subbed to your channel but I definitely need to binge watch your vids once I get wifi back thanks to Hurricane Irma smh. Lastly your thumbnail of those gorgeousss pictures you took looking like you should've been in that fenty campaign. Girl you had me deceased!! You NAILED that. Omg do you look gorgeous in those photos. Those pictures was spot on! Again thank you, you are MUCH appreciated!
First off this was by far the best review on Fenty that I have seen and we gotta get you to a Million subscribers!!!! You are the F*CKING BEST!
Okay you did a really good review like it made me subscribe to you...I'm glad you took the time to learn the product and your voice is soothing and you sound like you seriously took the time to learn everything you put on your face and I like that you taught us how to apply that trophy wife...you did that!
WOMAN YOU LOOK LIKE THE BEST VERSION OF YOURSELF. MAY YOU BE BLESSED XXXXXXX
This was a great thorough review.
Wow queen! You couldn't have done any better 💕
I love your review very detailed. 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾you know your stuff as well
You killed this look....you made everyone els look like amateurs!!!!! Gorgeous
Omg I always wink back at your cartoon at the beginning of your videos😩😭
Best review I've seen. You look gorgeous. Makes me want to buy more Fenty!!
love your contour trick, it looks so flawless !!
This is the first video I've seen of yours and my gosh you are stunning!!!
I love how professional this review is. You really thought about the best way to show everything. Loved it all!
Looks good I am curious about the products
I love the idea of using the cream stick in the centre of the lips and the gloss on top. I have a bunch of cream highlighters I never use, so I'm going to try that.
this up old styles is funny
BEST REVIEW OUT HERE
Your makeup is BEAUTIFUL! Seriously! I've watched a couple few reviews of fenty and yours would be the reason why I'd buy! Simply gorgeous!
Your video is the best I've seen thus far
best makeup review of the year
Tbh out of all the beauty gurus/youtubers I follow, Alissa was the only one who DID her JOB and really gave us all the tea concerning the products/ shades / swatches and everything at the release party. also her make up always slaaaaaays so u know her review is the most relevant rn jusssaying
This is definitely the best review I've seen!. Not predictable, you've tried other ways of using the products and you've used products the range. Xx
Can You Be anymore gorgeous 😍😍 the thumbnail though 😩❤️
I love your videos 💛
your intro is the prettiest intro i've ever seen wow 😍
Such a good damn review!! Thank you!!!!
does anyone know what eyelashes she's wearing?? so pretty!!
Oh man. Wish I had lips like yours. Also your video is so informative and you're such an articulate speaker. Loved watching this.
I love ur video layout...ur a true pro :)
Gorgeous look! Im so excited to get some of this line. My paycheck can't come quick enough
I've waited for this review I am so at peace rn
Gorgeous look! love how much u experimented with the products
you're literally our mother
I hope RI sees this
Why does it looks like a giant patch of unblended bronzer on one side of your forehead
+Alissa Darrrrrrling, will you be my friend?  Absolutely gorgeous, absolutely!  You are so cool, (at least through the screen)  When you come through NJ/Philly area let me know so I can bring my daughter to get a class from you, Thank you.  Blessings
Everyone needs to watch your technique before putting on trophy wife. MOST youtubers are going wayyyyy too heavy handed and ruining their look because they don't respect the power/pigment of trophy wife
you never disappoint girly. love this 💖
Wow, Alissa, wow!! I watch your videos consistently so I am aware of your format. But after watching many reviews on the launch, yours truly stands out as informative and professional. I so appreciate all the work you put into everything you do.
Thanks for the review, Alissa! ❤️
I literally skipped over everybody review until you uploaded yours !
You're so beautiful!
This is by far the best review I have watched. Loved it!💖
thank you so so much for these amazing videos, i can see the amount of time and effort you put in. i have the same skin tone as you, so your videos are always so helpful to me. you are so beautiful btw.💖
Yours is The best Review Yess to the editing Sis 💙💙💅🏾
Alissa both of the looks you created were amazing! Thank you for this review and for taking the time to perfect the technique for these products. Can't wait to try trophy wife the way you suggested! Best tutorial on YT!
💜💜💜💜 all the products... but it's sooo gorgeous on u Alissa, thx for the review #snapfam
This was the best review online!
I did 5 years of college and I learn more from one video of yours.
Wow your editing skills are Amazing, Alissa you are so talented 😊😙
This student took notes, love the review!
This look sooo good , the highlighter color job is on point¡¡¡¡
Some of your close ups in the video got me tripping thinking you swapped places with rihanna lol
I can't stop watching reviews! But I do love that you took your time tested prior, as well as utilized how you normally would do makeup. honestly I loved the detail and thoughts posted too. So going to try the matchsticks afterwards and try your method, thanks <3
Love the editing and overall quality of this video!!! Great job :)
I waited forever for this video. So professional and you didn't cake on the makeup like most other beauty gurus. This line is for natural makeup not instaglam looks. I don't think there's anthing wrong with a super fill look but I hate seeing youtubers use this line incorrectly and then fuss over it as if it's the line's fault and not their lack of skill.
Your positivity is just BOMB 🤗
Seriously the best review, love love loved it, now for Aunty Jackie to drop hers and I shall consider buying lol.
I love that you give techniques of how yo do what you do! Many don't do that but this is so key for us learning! Thanks!
Your swatches are probably the best I've seen! Excellent intro to the products, girl!! Thank you :)
I Swear You and Arnell Are Just The Cutest Yet Fiercest Ever! Ugh I LIVE For You Guys and Can Just Watch You Guys All Day!
Best review! This woman is f*****g gorgeous!
This is the best and most well-thought out review of Fenty Beauty that I've seen! #newsubbie👏😊
Thank you boo you are absolutely amazing... and a great teacher. So beautiful 😍
How does it work for skin types ? I have dry skin and I don't want to risk dry patches coming up because of the Matt finish
so glad you did a wear test, i don't think people know how important that is!
Loved this review. So detailed
I've been rocking with you and your sister for the longest on here lol...I think what makes a huge difference in this review in comparison to others is that you don't downplay the product because of your preferences. People have said many things over reviews you've made but you've been honest and the same Alissa in every video. Even if the product didn't work for you. Thanks for being 100 across the board with products 😊
Wow! I love that brush technique. I will try it next time!
Your video quality is giving me life girl..
You showed different ways to use the match stixs, bravo 👏
Wow, that's professional as f*ck!! Love it 💕
Best review by far!!
She is the most stunning girl i have ever seen
So pretty, but I could not get away with that much highlighter. I'd look like a glow worm.
Please share what lashes you wore! They look soo good on you
The best people I've seen  review Fenty beauty are you, Patricia Bright and Holly boon x
You re eyes are beautiful 😍
One of, if not my favorite review of this line! You have a new subscriber in me. :-)
You explain and expanded so well in all your videos..i watched other reviews of the fenty and yours is very explanatory! Love it 😍
THANKS SO MUCH FOR ALL THE EFFORT YOU PUT INTO YOUR VIDEOS. Seriously, all the product descriptions and prices INCLUDED IN THE VIDEO not in the description, side by sides, talk overs, LITERALLY ALL swatches, EVERYTHING. Nobody really does this anymore and it's seriously so helpful I'm not sure why people stopped. AND ON TOP OF THAT YOU STILL DID FIRST IMPRESSIONS/TUTORIAL AND ACTUALLY CAME BACK TO LET US KNOW HOW THE MAKEUP WORE WHICH NOBODY EVER DOES. BASICALLY MORAL OF THE STORY IS THANK YOU GIRL I ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR EFFORTS AND THEY ARE GREATLY APPRECIATED 😍❣️
Wow this review is absolutely great :) The explanations, the camerawork, the animations, your personality... everything is on point! You also took the time to test the product before making your video...\nThank you so much for teaching me so much in one video🌹! Your make-up doesn't look as cakey as on other Youtubers as well. I know not how to apply make-up properly, and you are obviously very talented. So you just won a new subscriber ^.^
THIS IS HELLA BOMB😍😍 I LOVE U ALISSA❤️❤️❤️
Gurlllllllll subscribed 👌🏼😍
U look unreal 😍😱
You're gorgeous & I adore your attitude ❤️
THIS IS A MUFFCKING REVIEWWWWWWWWW !!!!! YASSSS , PUSH TRHOUGH Alissa !!!!
love your eye look
Love your videos
So Dope! Love it!!!!
Anyone know what lashes she used lol
I love youuuuuu Alisssssssa❤️❤️❤️
This presentation is EEEEEVERYTHING!!!!!!! 😍😍😍
You're sucha beauty
YOUR QUALITY HOLY SHIT DUDE 🔥🔥🔥
Absolutely stunning
Wow....Best review!  Beautiful 💕
Can you tell us the name/brand of the brush you used to contour and highlight, please?
Okay but James Franco man spreading on the couch and making Tommy and Dave have to be squished like that is great.
Where do I buy Tommy's tie
Tommy high as a kite lmao.
I think James Franco is kinda stuck in Tommy's accent 😂
When I was in highschool I would always  greet people by say oh hi Mark and no one knew what that meant...
I'd love to have a beer with Tommy  Wiseau
Legend says they passed football later that day...
Franco was trolling the shit out of him.. you could tell he was uncomfortable.
Tommy looks like he is on something..
Tommy is a delusional alien still hiding under brain dead Anthony Hopkins' skin
Tommy seems like such a lovable person.
I feel awful that James leads tommy on to think he's a star
I like how Tommy REALLY says Ha Ha Ha, and not like hahah. It's not a soft h, it's a hard h followed by a sharp a. It literally sounds like he's trying to imitate the laughing sounds that a normal human would make.
I feel like you're taking advantage of Tommy because I don't think he knows that his movie is well, what it is and they're making fun of it
Franco busting tommy's balls it's really funny watching him do things like that I would get along with him in real life
Tommy had drool all over this chin this entire interview!!!
I love how James Franco talks to Tommy Wiseau in-character but to the interviewer out-of-character. It's like he's talking to a baby or something.
Man James Franco is slowly adopting Tommy's speech pattern lmao
That's so funny mark !
Someone wipe that man's chin, jesus..
James, you have some secrets?!!
Why was his chin so wet
Tommy is such a chill dude.
I used to think life didn't have any real meaning. Then I saw The Room.
I'm a huge James Franco fan and I love his work, his intellectual ability to appreciate art in more than one kind of genre and aspect of what film is. I don't think he's being rude or disrespectful if anything he's interviewing and asking questions so that we the viewers can know more about them. As an actor, director, writer, and overall artist he is one of the best in my opinion and im proud that he sticks to being creative and works with different individuals who are unique but also using his friends and trusting peers to make such amazing films. Can't wait to see this film and the many more he makes and is in. Oh and I love his brother Dave Franco as well he's great.
Does anyone else notice that James is talking exactly like Tommy hahaha. I get it though he had to literally BE him to make that movie so being around him he still feels in character
Pretty damn sure that's just an Asian dude in dark sunglasses.  Is this what happens when you allow Jews to vote for Killary and be gay (often times furries and pedos) and *also* run the movie industry? Clickbait. Unsubbed.
Did James Franco get new contacts that made his eyes stay open?
Love you Tommy. Greg's book really made me respect this guy. Bad movie or not.
Lowkey thought James was playing a retarded person.
is a movie purposely being bad going to be as good as a movie intending to be good but fails and thus is funny? I dunno how can that be really captured?
incoming liberals talking about james franco doing the biggest manspread
0:42 Seconds did they just do a free mason shake? Wtf.
fuck james franco. hes just mocking and patronized tommy right in his face. hes also man spreading squishing tommy.
I did not hit her. I did not.
dave franco talking about how tough it is to make it as an actor when his older brother is James Franco
James: The camera movement?....Da camah don't move\n\n(3 second pause)\n\nTommy: ...You wanna be Tommy that's find by me..\n\nLmao
Tommy is right on the money with James Franco in Sonny. The movie really shows James Francos acting range. It's a really good movie of his. Don't know why a lot of people didn't see it.
Anybody else Franco is still in character talking like tommy? Wtf?
His english got way better
'Tommy did scene in movie'--James Franco. Either he's getting progressively dumber or all that method acting he did on the set of the Disaster Artist hasn't worn off yet.
Can you fuckers not tell that James is trolling Tommy hard as a motherfucker by trying to talk dumb!?
they actually do look all so similar. amazing really, couldnt have casted anyone else.
They have actual Tommy Wiseau in this movie?!
I thought Tommy was gonna hate the fact that this movie was being made
What the fuck am I watching
James needs to stop being such a filthy man spreader
For gods sake give the poor guys a bigger couch.
why does it look like he always melting
cant wait for tommy and greg to do the franco family biopic
James still talking a bit like Tommy. That's one good actor
thats a cool tie there tommy. btw how is your sex life?
Why is Franco talking to him in the same ESL missing articles (a, the and so on) manner as Tommy speaks? That's bizarre. I wonder if it's like how people will pick up each other's accents after a while.  Huh.
0:41 That handshake was awkward AS FUCK just look at it hahaha
It's good to know that Tommy has accepted The Room for what it is.
That's very interesting. First of all, I thought Tommy and James didn't get along somehow. Maybe they are just doing PR work here but it seems like they're alright. Or at least, Tommy is just tolerating him. Secondly, I didn't know there was so much unseen footage of The Room. This leaves room for speculation that they could do a good documentary on the movie.
James is still in tommy mode
James has the aftertaste of the Tommy accent still in his mouth
Why is is chin so wet
It's so funny that Dave was fucking with Tommys weird voice throughout this whole entire thing
Franco with the man spread haha poor dave
tomy looks like a back up singer for the rolling stones Circa 1979-1981 but still using heroin
Ha ha ha ha ha. What a story James!
Just imagine if this actually wins an Oscar or something and Tommy is up on stage. The guy would probably cry his eyes out.
Tommy almost seems like just an average joe here in the way he's interacting with the others, but there's still some key feature missing that I'm I can't put my finger on. It's quite odd. Then again, maybe this is just how he always is and I'm just looking too deep into it. Either way, Tommy, don't stop being you.
That's so random! That goes without saying whenever Tommy Wiseau is present and saying things.
why does he talk in character with tommy?
Props to this movie. This movies rating is 32%. Better than fcking suicide squad, 27%
Honest question. Is tommy wisau broken he was drooling and cant talk
really wish they got someone other than dave to play greg. someone taller
I can't understand a word of what the poor guys is saying.
I hope there's a cameo in the movie
0:44 \nIf you pause and look to the right, James Franco is actually bullying Tommy - Squeezing his hands to the point of expulsion and giving him no testicle space.
Dam the Franco niggas can squint for days
I've always appreciated that Tommy seems like a genuinely nice guy.
movie out  IN A FEW MONTHS Bitch
The guy gives James Franco the rights for this movie, ultimately earning him a huge wad of cash, and all James Franco can do is show him thinly veiled contempt, while pretending to be his buddy.
I hope they include the pat where Tommy suggests there being a scene where he has a flying car and he flies it off the rooftop.\nWhen asked why? He replies, I don't know maybe Johnny is a secret vampire?\nBrilliant.
Why is james speaking in tommys accent lmfao
Oh Hi ! James !
Huuuuuuh...
Is Franco stuck talking like Wiseau?
J. Franco is a fag. Lol tommmy babby tommmmmy
Oh hai doggy
oh my goodness .... oh Hi Mark
Oh my god yes
Why does Tommy Wiseau always look so wet?
Who the fuck wares sunglasses indoors
Illuminate handshake
Wiseau looks high
James Franco is hella spreading
Lol
I bet Tommy  smells good
Hahaha what secret?\nMe: your actually D.B Cooper
Tommy Wiseau is an alien.
Hope this movie isnt too cheap cheap cheap
I can't decide which Franco brother is hotter! God damn!
George Sesestro looks so fucking depressed.
I like how James is making fun of Tommy basically the whole first half of the interview.
Alpha male James Franco claiming legspace hard
It's so great that you are opening a bank account for Ayla. I really wished my parents did that for me at some point when I was younger (but its only a false wish since my parents were immigrants and didnt know a lot about how a lot of things worked...)
Isaac melts my heart. The way he goes hi mummy as soon as Lindy steps into his bedroom 😭
Loving that new song of JB -Friends 💜
My three year old Girl loves Paw Patrol too. Love from Tassie, Australia.
I took my boys to see Paw Patrol live as well. They loved it. Lol\nMy oldest son (4) has a paw patrol bed
Is anyone else seeing all these pornographic comments under the video? Wtf i reported as many as i could but there are a lot if them...
I realize, my parents may have taken a more extreme route for me because my first concert was the KISS reunion tour in 2000. I was five years old XD
Where the fuck was Ayla?.... good video tho lol
Ahhh Paw Patrol!! My younger brother is like 9 months older than Isaac and LOVES Paw Patrol. He has so many books and he makes me read them every day.
BUBZ WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO MAKE A NEW INTRO FOR YOUR VIDEOS
Tim face is so funny..haha
Bubz, I love your vlogs. it brings me joy seeing you guys. ^^\n\nbtw, I noticed that there were spams of nasty comments and inappropriate links. So please report it when you guys see it. I've tried to report as many as i can. I don't want the kids on youtube who watches bubz's videos to see it. So horrible..
My wee sister loved paw patrol live. My mum's sister talked mum into taking my sister and our cousin. It cost them an arm and a leg.
That is the same living room where you used to make those funny comedies
Remember seeing busted at the odyssey too 😂
Aw, this reminded me of when I was 4 and my mom was SO excited to take me to a LIVE Barney show. But she accidently took me the weekend after it happened, so I never got to see it :( At least she tried!
TIME FOR A NEW INTRO
Tim watching paw patrol is how I feel when I am at school.
I was just watching sacconejoly channel, they will be at a meetup in Belfast in Nov. Would be cool if you could meetup with them.
Wow you saw Busted? before they disbanded and Matt started his own venture? and then the other guy started his own venture? and now i have no idea where they are...
I thought you were saying papa troll. I was like what is papa troll.... Lol
Worth paying double full price for paw patrol for Isaac to see it!
Wow bubz you're sooo close to 1 mill subscribers! Seems like you'll get there by your next video!! Yaayy!!
When are you guys going to do a new intro with Ayla? ☺
aww bubz, i am so tired with my pregnancy, i am 3 months with my first born and thank god i have been watching you since your pregnancy with isaac. I suffered hyperemesis for 2 months and rejected taking Plasil. i lost a lot of weight and i am so concerned with my baby. but the doc says its healthy. i am just concern my weight is still dropping i still cannot eat. i am very much dehydrated my lips were chapped and dry. water didnt taste good so i sometimes drink electrolyte water to replenish me. but with all these struggles i am looking forward to finally meet my firstborn! godbless and love much mommah bubz!
Issac means laughter. May he grow full of joy and laughter.
Was it worth it? Lemme work it. I put my thang down flip it and reverse it
I love your shooting stance, it's very serious. 🤣
Are you going to create a new intro to your videos ? 🙂❤
The things we do for kids! :D Should have just bought a dvd LOL
Tim actually hit one of the markers
Damn, what a bad turn out o.O \n\nWe had booked to take my nephew to see that in August at Manchester Arena and due to the closure of the arena a new venue was found but it was a month earlier and original tickets weren't valid for the new venue so we just got the refund and saved ourselves the hassle of rearranging days off.
'If u smile I'll give you popcorn'Hey u cant bribe me like that >:3
I love your vlogs big much!! ❤️
Wasn't full price about £65 each regardless of age? We almost gifted our nephew but decided the money could go further!
Lindsy well done you are 18 on trending and I just wanted to say I love watching Isaac grow up it is so cute and thank you for posting about your life!
Ricky !!!! Omg, now im gonna go see what he's been up to on he's channel lol . I MISSED him ! I knew my eyes weren't playing tricks on me haha .
lol Issac and Tim have the same expression when watching the paw patrol show, like father like son. It always fun watching you guys!!! Love you guys!! <3
Hi Bubz! I have watched you since before you were married and I am basically committed to watching your videos still, I love it so much! I'm sure you guys know what you're doing but due to my own past experiences i sort of became worried for Lala because my mom tried her best not to neglect my older brother and instead she neglected me. even giving me to my grandma really did some damage to me because i didn't know what a mother's love was supposed to be like growing up. Again, i think you guys know what you're doing and i only see glimpses of what goes on, through your videos. But please don't let ayla be removed from your presence for too long or she could feel disconnected with you, as to this day (been praying for God to restore my family) i have felt disconnected with my own family. please do keep me in prayer as well as you can see i need it, haha. anyway, it was a small worry, but i'm sure you guys know what you're doing, and i'm sorry if this came off the wrong way. God bless you and your beautiful family!!! Love youuu!! <3
lol! Isaac was obviously unimpressed throughout the Paw Patrol show. haha...
You guys made my day 💝 may I know what's in your lips at 2:24? It's looks so natural and fresh. You are glowing from deep within 😘. Lot's of love from the Arab Emirates 💐💐💐
The most beautiful family in the globe!
Bubz I think you've scarred Issac 😂 paw pawtrol will never be the same
Hey Bubz, what color of lip tint from Em Cosmetics did you use? Love you and Ng fam!
Issac is talking so much now!!! LOVE YOUR FAMILY!!!
Rickhe with the violin dancing was the best belly laugh I've had all day lol
Isaac is so big now! I guess It's been a while since I last saw a vlog of you. The way he puts on his cap is so cute!!! 😍
Isaac is growing up so fast! ☺️
Isaac has gotten really good with his speaking, I'm happy to see his improvement. (^-^)
I know now not to take my kid to see Paw Patrol when I have one haha XD
aw! Isaac is so sweet hi mommy ... miss Ayla on this blog : |
You guys are one of my most favorite family in Youtube. You guys are so genuine, humble & did not change despite having many followers. Wishing your family all the happiness & good health!
He is getting so big
if you've gone through all the paw patrol episodes you should watch rescue bots. It's my nephew's new obsession after paw patrol.
now I want to try that shooting toy XD
Hahaha Isaac's facial expressions at the end😂
it's amazing to see how far Isaac's speech has come along, i'm so proud of him ❤️ you're such a beautiful family
Issac is such a sweet boy!! I enjoyed your vlog as always thanks!!
oh my god the last shot where his eyes roll
So nice seeing how Isaac has grown! My nephew loves Paw Patrol too. And you have a baby girl! God bless your family Bubz
Isaac is getting so big now woah!
I feel so sad that those people have to perform in a nearly empty room :(
Bubz you seemed more excited than isaac to see paw patrol :D
My boyfriend's little brother LOVES paw patrol. He talks about it and makes me watch it with him a lot. It's so cuteee watching him get so excited about paw patrol.
I haven't seen your videos in a little while and it's amazing how much Issac has grown
Isaac and Tim's faces at 5:43 HAHA
I've been missing Ricky so much! So nice to see him again
My son says he loves me ''big ever'' alot and forever
I was watching some of your old vlogs and I remembered how Tim was really fond of Despicable Me! Think it would be a good idea if you let Isaac watch it, I'm sure he will enjoy it ☺️👍🏻
Lmao Tim's face had me cracking up 😂😂😂
Isaac makes me smile Big Much! 😀😀😀♥♥
Enjoyed Tim doing a bit of vlogging~
I've been hearing people say Paw Patrol for so long and just realized that it isn't Papa Troll.
Judging by Isaac's reaction (or lack thereof) I'd say no it wasnt worth it.
Your brother is always such a laugh xD
almost 1 mil bubz! I've been here for years and still going on strong!
Such a sweet family
Wow you live in NI? I realised your accent. I'm Cantonese and Vietnamese. Usually go to the arena for the Belfast Giants Games. Your kid is so cute. Great to see locals 😊
That moment when he says...on tv\nLol
Omg! Issac is talking a lot lately!!! He is so adorable <3
Ive never seen a cuter smile in my life
Even though paw patrol was... *cough* shit..😂😂😂
paw patrol sounds like papa troll
No Lala? :(
aw isaacs smile !!he's so cute !
so cute :-:
Isaac you too cute gah!
so close to 1M bubz!! wooo
Hello Bubz Fam💗
Addicted to your vlogs, so relaxing :)
Lol this is 17 on trending
New intro? Please?
Uncle Rickeh is ruthless.  :)
omgdays that cute smile XD you bribed your son!!! XD
I love love your bath tub !!
Isaac looks like ricky.
Ricky is attractive
#20 Trending in UK :)
#20 on trending 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 Love you Bubz 😘😘❤️❤️
My first concert was the wiggles. 😫
The sad part is that even though monster was protecting its owner from an attack. They will probably put it down and say it's a aggressive dog plus make the owner pay fines and probably do jail time
great job monster!! you protected your mother..
He said Pentatonix and I just smiled at random
*they're so beautiful*
pan sexual, demisexual, asexual (human being) .. man too much labels for me lol
Aside from this important conversation about sexuality and first impressions....this was one of the most hilarious conversations!
Okay but like that guy's personality is so attractive
Damn I can feel the chemistry from the start
this is the best episode of this entire show to ever be made, and that's that on that.
Guys I found her IG, it's Portia DDoesStyle 😊
Yes
Her voice is so beutiful
WHEN HE SAID HE LIKED PENTATONIX I WAS LIKE OMG YAAAAAAS SAAAAME AND WHEN HE STARTED SINGING IT WAS ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD
I ship them so hard
I need to be friends with both of them!!!
He's sophisticated while she's effervescent. I see him with a Meghan Markle or Boris Kodjoe type whereas she's more of a Zoe Kravitz or The Weeknd type.
I really thought these two were kind of hitting it off!
Where all the Pentaholics at? 💪🏼💪🏼
MY NON GUILTY MUSIC PLEASURE IS COTTEN EYE JOE
What's the song the girl sang at 6:46 ?
Am I the only pentaholic who was triggered at 6:13 ?? I mean ugh... they put the Pentatonix I stead of Pentatonix
I would of walked out right when she said Portia. LMAO
I hope these cuties start a band together oh my lord <3
Pan sexual is just bi... you like both genders ?? No??
they are so compatible omg 😭😭 they laugh with each other and get along so well!! i need a friend like that
These 2 seem like they're ment for each other
Does anyone know her Facebook or IG? 😍
My God she's beautiful, interesting and intelligent
I can't express how amazing it was to hear another person talk about being demisexual
Don't they look like the best friends that are eventually gonna fall in love with each other ? 😻
She looks like Ariana Grande on black verson🙄
Janelle monae vibes
Best one yet!! Haha
theyre my faves together so far
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y8k7jqvx
I would date them BOTH ! lool they both look gorgeous
Strange feeling, I thought they would date each other! Didn't understood why not?!
This was my favorite one so far
These two guys should be couples
Missed connection:\nMe, a 21 yo Female art student who identifies as pansexual and asexual\nYou, a 25 yo demisexual I saw in a soulpancake video \nHi how do i meet you 🙃
I had such a good cry after watching this video. I love that there are more and more black folks coming out as queer. I hope the older generations of black folks look at videos like these and see that we all want the same things; to love and be loved.
She kinda looks like a black Emma Watson
He isn't a woman so how does he know what woman need to be attracted to a guy 🙄
you see
Who are these beautiful people😍😍
God she's so beautiful.
I thought they were gonna date
he's such a cutie and seems so innocent!
He's a cute gay guy
I love friendship like these 🙌🏻😊
He seems like such a good guy awh
The girl is so stunning omg
I don't see them together romantically but definitely as GOOOD friends
Was anyone else really happy they clicked really well??!
She is amazing and beautiful, so is he.
Snap judgement: She's so cute...I wanna be her friend.  The gay vibes are very strong with him.
They are sooo cute
I laughed when they sing the Reba Theme Sing Survivorrrrr
*For those who are unaware. Pansexual means you are strictly attracted to Pan's.*
She looks like Rihanna and they both saying no literally broke my heart
That man is sexy!!!
Can we please have an updateee ?
I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU TWO DONT BECOME BESTFRIENDS IMA FIND YALL
i totally ship them i wish they would date
PLOT TWIST!!!
What is up with all these 500 different sexual orientations tf
She is so beautiful!!
I need this man in my life
The woman is beautiful af
If Janelle Monae and Rihanna had a baby, she would be that offspring...
11:15 😂 ha, love that definition of demi-sexual \nshe's funny
I love her!  I want to be friends with her! 😂
I love these two people.
Someone find her IG PLEASE
He has a great voice !!!!
Go get married. They remind me of my Ma and pa
okay he mentioned PTX and I freaked out !!!
I love them So much!! I really like them as friends!!!
I want to do this
Well I consider myself a pizza. Beat that.
IDC THEY NEED TO GET MARRIED BYE
They were meant to be ❤️❤️
she is so beautiful
They should have skipped all the questions and talk about what they would name their kids because they are soulmates 😂
yEAS PENTATONIX
Pentatonix is my fave group besides tøp but oml I love them too.
shes a perfect mix of Rihanna and Janelle Monáe
HES SOOOOOO PERFECT 😻😻
They harmonize SO well 😍
She looks like Rhianna
Are you nervous?\nHella\nMEEEE
6:38 dannnnggggggg
The Pentatonix 
This episode was slightly cringe
I love Pentatonix 😍
Love her hair
Love these guys
😂
OMG DATE U PERFECT HUMAN BEINGS
Yassss reba
The Pentatonix THE CRINGE
*on demisexual* I only like Demi Lovato, 😂😂
Fenty beauty really hit the mark with being inclusive with this line. I love seeing super pale and super deep girls getting excited about a line that's catered to them. The gloss I think is my fav, I love universal colours that look amazing on everyone!
I don't consider this a celebrity makeup line. I consider it a legit makeup line that happened to be created by a celebrity.
Absolutely gorgeous🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
Your so pretty 😍
LOVE!!!!! Amyyy you are gorgeous!!!\n\nAny small youtubers wanna support each other? 💖💖💖💖💖 I will LIKE & SUBSCRIBE TOO.
I thought the foundation shade u wore in the video was an exact match for you after it dried down. Maybe in person it looked off but on video that shit was ✔️✔️✔️✔️✅✅✅✅
I thought the foundation shade was perfect for your complexion. Also from other reviews most warm the concealer with their fingers and not rubbing directly on their skin. It looks good on you
You look great.  I am going to get some today
Hey what lashes are you wearing? Could you do a makeup look on your eyeshadow please
Girlllll the gloss and highlight!! 😍😍
Omg what lashes is she wearing??? 😍
perfect foundation shade yasss
Love your channel ❤️❤️
Fenty Beauty looked gorgeous on you!
The gloss....so good
Girl you're trending
her eyes... wow
Your skin is flawless 😍
Hey babe, You're Trending!!
I feel like this was a pretty good review. Like I didnt get that kiss-ass- vibe. Seemed genuine. Thank you.
how does your self tanner look so good????? could you do a video girl
It looks good 😊
17:15
You are sooo stunning Amy 😍
favorite review by far! ❤️❤️
its very drying ... you look beautiful
Please do a tutorial on how u color your hair.
when you use your EOS program... do you notice how in your computer when looking at yourself everything looks mirrored? (Example: Touch your right eye in person it looks like you are touching your left eye on the computer) do you know how to fix that ??
You motivated me to start my own makeup channel ILY ! Keep it up love 😍🎥💕
I can't barely remember my phone number and you remembered like 7 different brands foundation shades of yours 😂😂
I sware your like the other me . Love this video so much Amy 💗
3 AM in the morning is a little redundant. lol
I guess were watchin diff reviews cause ive heard the foundation blows lol theres gonna be an army of cake facers walkin around lol
What shade should i get if i'm around NC20? :)
When you're outside do you have a filter on your camera?
I just got the gloss in yesterday, it's absolutely the most perfect color, super glossy and not goopy. You can wear it alone or top it off on any of your fav lippies.
I love the trending tab all makeup and celebs \n\n\n\nnot gaming or comedy
I just ordered this foundation for myself from all the reviews of fenty beauty foundations this foundation looks like it was made just for me, the most perfect one. I'm so excited to receive it.
Can you do a video of your favorite brushes for foundation, eyes etc? I'm trying to find a great foundation brush that doesn't leave texture/print on the skin after blending. Thanks!
We are the same shades! Get 240 :)
I just realized we use the same shade in Estee Lauder Double Wear! I knew it was Shell Beige but not the number of it. This is going to help me so much with your foundation reviews. I believe you're the only youtuber that matches me! Thanks girl!❤️❤️
hello anybody want to fry some eggs I am so dead Amy!!!
You should definitely buy the brushes their amazing!
Like hello anyone wanna get some eggs 😂
What's the brush you used to highlight?
i love love ur review thank u for sharing with us ❤
I also got shade 300 but i wanted a shade darker than myself (tanner), not too much that it looks weird though, anyways I feel like it looks a little orange on me so maybe I should go to 290 instead! On you it looks orange too I wouldn't say its darker so maybe we both should get shade 290! But I should say it is also the lighting where you filmed because when you were outside it looked just fine! \nps. I'm so happy I finally found someone who is the same shade as me haha :)
Tbh I think this foundation is AMAZING !!! I personally love it cuz I have supper oily skin and it held up for me all day.. I loveee how it looks on you. looks sooooo flawless <3 nice review overall tho ! would love to see a follow up with your shade
The gloss looks too sticky... i've noticed that on so many other people's videos as well like you can see the stringy-ness when opening and pressing your lips together to speak. That's the only thing from this collection i wouldn't purchase just because of that
Thank you! I can always count on u for foundation color since we're litterally the same foundation color in almost every product. And when I heard 300 I said yep that's what I was gnna get
What's on your nails???? Love it
I think Trophy Wife highlighter would've looked really nice on you.
OMH, literally every check in your skin looked AIRBRUSHED! SO amazing! I need this foundation in my life.
Is anybody an NC20 in Mac that can give me there shade in the fenty beauty foundation??
Idk if it's just me but it looks like the side you used Rihanna's sponge on, the foundation appeared a little lighter while the other side looked a little darker. But when you used the beauty blender on both sides, it looked good lol. The foundation looks great on you though.
Your video is on the TRENDING PAGE!!!! 🤙💋
This looks like a great video, but after you are done would you be kind enough to check out my new YouTube channel and give me some feedback? Maybe even subscribing? ;) https://youtu.be/BhQob6WW-TQ
Stunning like always ! Thank you for this really informative review !
You're one of my favorite YouTubers 😍❤️
The filter you used at the end was crazy
I just want to take this moment to tell you that you are so beautiful and articulate. I love how in depth you get on products. You're such a great YouTube. I love how down to earth and humble you are. Also your bare skin looks really good.
Not usually a commenter however I noticed on the last first impressions for foundation you did, people's in the comments kept saying how they wished you applied a lighter layer first and did a wear test. \nThough I don't agree, cause I'm all about that cake too girl! I think that you doing both of those things in the video just once again proves why you're videos are the best. Really listening to your viewers and giving us what we ask for. Reinforces that you're the most trust worthy guru <3
Thanks so much for sharing your shades in different brands. Really helps a lot!!!
It looked so smooth on your skin 😍😍😍😍
Am I crazy or did this fenty sponge eat half of your foundation? 😄
Now I have to buy the lipgloss🤣😍
I feel like you applied the contour/bronzer a lot better than most reviews I watched. Loved the idea of rubbing it on the brush first :) Since it does tug a bit on the face because of the waxy texture.
I like your vlog style check ins ❤️
Everything looks so stunning on you, you're making me want to put on a full face of Fenty Beauty again!
what shade would you reccomand if your golden sand in the loral true match?
So is the foundation worth it? I always wear estee lauder double wear but looking for something new to try.. what's the next best thing???? Hahaha
Even tho the shade dried darker your skin look FLAWLESS, girl!!! You just made Sephora take all my money 😩😩 love love love
THAT CREAM BRONZER LOOKS SOOO GOOD ON YOU! I kinda wanna try it now! I've never done cream bronzer.. hmmm
love your videos amy, as always ♥️♥️
I went to Sephora to mainly get the Fenty foundation,  but they're sold out of the 3 colors I could wear.  It was like Black Friday in there, crazy!  So I got the lipgloss and the \nhighlighter duo in Ginger Binge & Moscow Mule. I will eventually get the foundation
I bought the universal gloss bomb this past Saturday and I wear it every single day lol. It smells like watermelon jolly ranchers. That's the scent you were looking for lol. I applied it on my channel too. I love the shade on my lips so much ❤
Rihanna murdered that other brand!!! Seriously, they knew idiots will go out and spend anyways. who puts 0.9g in a tube and sell it for $30.
Maybe its drying dark because u added a second layer
She does not even need makeup
You look orange you need a way lighter color!
Will you just get on with it
Did you end up finding the right foundation colour?
the foundation matched the rest of your body, and the fenty blender application was so flawless...
I WAS HOPING YOU WERE GONNA TRY TROPHY WIFE 😭... PLEASE TRY IT
THANK YOU for saying your foundation shades in SO many foundations!!!! Biggest pet peeve is when youtubers don't mention the shade they buy in a foundation
I love u Amy but make ur videos shorter they r way too long babe 😘🙏🏼
The fenty sponge worked better...I noticed a difference in the application
We're about the same shade in MAC (I'm a NC35) and I wear a 250 in the foundation
Love the collection, and the blotting powder; hopefully if she grows the collection she will do various shades of a setting powder. \nThanks for the review love!
Here's a close up of the foundation. *still waiting*
WHAT LASHES IS SHE WEARING
Why have not ever subscribed to you, its a crime that i'm this late, you did a fantastic job.  I loved all the information you gave, I loved how you showed how to fix the problem.  You are very good at what you do.  Plus you are stunning with or without makeup.
Omg when you went to finish your make up your make up looks so good with the lashes. Looking bomb!
what brush did you use to highlight ???
Yes please do a shade update!! I wear Too Faced Born this Way in Sand 😊 300 looked a lil too dark 😕
How many times can one person say the word Smooth!!!!!!
i'm a nc24 in mac what shade should i get ?
No hate, just seems that this makeup makes you look splotchy and dirty?  Anyone?
Your foundation looks a bit oompa-loompa-ish
It looks so pretty on you.
Thats not even the spiciest one tho. Do the 2x spicy from the same brand
that face at the start😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I like ranz reactions when he dont find water or anything to eat to remove the spice hahahahah
that was insane yo.....
I think that i'll it at my house
u should eat a some sugar(just little) for less a spicy.. and its work..try it..trust me..
i already tried all of that it wasn‘t  spicy for me
It's too good 😂
this is the first time I watch their vlog and it was so lit 😍 I just can't stop laughing 😂😂
niana i subscribe you are a good dancer
That small kid just look like niana
Niana and ranz where u guys from???
Look like a horror movie up in here 😂😂😂
I tried 1,000,000 scoville units  1/4 pounds of buffalo wings from Buffalo Wings n Things,  it's really spicy. You need to fill up the waiver from the restaurant first. 😂
He's just trying to be hot guys I know that btw doesn't work
And I like hot
Are u indonesian cuz i am
YOU   AR    BAD    NIANA      SO    BAD     I M     SO    MAHD    TO    YOU     NIANA     	YOUR     BARDR    IS    GA    DAHY       SO    MAHD
What is the different🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️put in the comment below and also like and I love niana and ranz kyle by the way my name is james
THE BEST SPICY NOODLE CHALLENGE EVER,I SWEAR HAHAHAHAHA! 😂 LOVE YOU BOTH! ❤
this is my favorite vlog ever ever... love you guys... keep creative...😍😍😍😍
Where do you live we live in Philippines
My good is still have good test bro
I love you're videos I always watching and subscribe you're videos ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😘
I like spicy is not hot even i put 8
ranz and niana can you both make home and room tour please..😆😆😉
I im 3 years old. It not hot at all
Hahahahahahaha,2 of you are so funny...😂😂😂
are them from korea? im new here :)
We buy korean food there too
Are you a Filipino?
Are you a Filipino?
Ranz' challenge was so lit that i cant stop laughing😂 nice prank tho😂😂😂
Where can i buy that noddle in the Philippines help me!!!?
Its funny
So funny
hahahaha
niana can you and ranz challange pinoy games?😃😃😃plsssssssssssssss....
Niana it so funny😅
Can't stop laughing!!!
I like you
*Ranz
i think niana and ranz is filipino cuase im filipino too if your filipino too sana mabasa niyo toh
Hahahahahahaha
Niana was so cute and funny 😂
Hahahaha kt kay ranz. Kyut kyut <3
I love spicy
Natalia 😍❤️
niana beutiful
So Funny...
😂😂😂
sobrang anghang
🍳🍔🍟🍤🍗🍖🍕🍴
Her eyebrows😂
I feel you niana😂
hahahah so funny i not going to eat spicy noodles
yakssss sh** noodles 😂
Always on trending.
how old you Nianaaa ❤❤❤😎
I love you Niana and Ranz😻😘
Niana so stupid idot and nyebelin so yah its a bahasa
niana you soooooo sooooo soooo cuteeee😍😍😍
ahahahahahaha poor ranz kyle haha his expessions are so lit
NAAKAKATAWAAAAAH!
Hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahaha
you speek tagalog renz
Omg u guys r sooo damn cute luv u ol😙
Nianai cry 😭
Niana and ranz subscribe me
NATALIA IF YOURR DOIN VLOGS I WILL BE YOUR #1 FANS 😂😂😂😂😂 YOURE SOOO CUTEEEEEEE
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yeee translete indonesia
Omg I'm drooling
😍😍😍😍😍
sub to sub guys?
samnyang😂😂
fuck fuck fuck fuck you you sow agly hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha
RIP RANZ
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💧💧💧💥💥💥
stop doing kind such foolishness!! abnormal bad influence
Ang cute nmn ni niana!
Is Niana ok xD
HAHAHAHAHA CUTIEEEE😍
Omg parang nakatulog sha kanina
Awww she cry  .. 😭😂😘
daming tawa😂😂😂
10:56😍😍😍 owww natalia is sooo adorable😍😍😍
plss do the bean boozled challenge niana
I like you niaana
niana is so cute 😂
10 extreme spicy noodle challenge
56 Video 1jt subs wawwww
😊😊😊😊
Niana is the best
Is there any chance your Filipinos bec of the kuya I heard I’m. A Filipino
dikasih subtitle indonesia nyaa😍
brother ranz  is angry ahhaha
Who's watching  09/16/3017
Sub indo 👍
Name the noddles is SAMYANG
I swear to God, after this, there has got to be a musical for The Devil Wears Prada
#MeanGirlsfortheTony
Am I first?! I'm officially SOLD on this!! I was worried about Taylor at first, but never mind she's nails it in just these 30 seconds!
Ramudeng bahadamu bray
OMG I really like this!!
Well at least it's pretty clear that Gretchen will become one of the cool asians at the end. (Not Racist Though)
Why don't you have millions of subscribers mmmm why... Ur so amazing!!!
such hard work...your hands are an art. Great job
Checking your channel becomes my Tuesday night routine before bed. Lol
How can anyone 'dislike' Zoe's tutorials ?? Jealous gits..
Another amazing cake Zoe 😀😀
oh my sooo cute xxx
Sending love from MexicoCity!🤘🏼🇲🇽
Cuánto detalle!!\nHaces q parezca muy sencillo de hacer😍😍
You are sooo talented!! I love your cakes, I just wish you took your time and made the cakes overall a bit cleaner, like the details are a bit rushed and messy
Amazing Zoe, so realistic.  Keep the tutorials coming.
Wonderful cake! I will try it definitely. Can you please tell how you got shaded blue in windows? Airbrush?
Could I get a template please ty
kiss uma delicia
You have such a gorgeous artist's touch to everything you do. THANK YOU
q hermoso y laborioso trabajo, felicidades eres fantastica
That's so cute, and you make it look like a breeze!  Awesome!
Its too cute to eat 😂
Wow!!
Zoe.. that cake is absolutely gorgeous! I love the details. Did you roll the window colours to blend or paint them? Xx
That really is something else! I'm amazed at how you make it look so easy ❤️❤️❤️ excellent work!
Love it
What am excellent cake, I love your tutorials as you're so down to earth and explain things really well.
I Love Your Videos Zoe !!! Make Cake AVENGERS, I am from Brazil ♡
So talented! You make it look so easy 😊🎂xx
Hahah not skipping ad because I actually like you!
awesome
I love all your work, you are amazing 😍😍😍
Amazing
Nice video
Job well done
Hey Zoe! always looks perfect ♡ Thank you for sharing! Adorable ♡
You blow my mind missus! Wow!! Just Wow!!!
Amazing.  X
You are amazing 😘
Awesomee!!!
👏👏👏👏👏👏
Oh my days this is the cutest cake I think I've ever seen 😊 it's absolutely gorgeous,you are so talented it's unbelievable,I really want to have a one to one lesson with you Zoe. I'm only about 5 miles away from you. Do you have a website I can go to? Thanks in advance. Bravo 👏🏻 love ❤️ it.
Sei la più brava di tutte !!! 😙
How long did this cake take to decorate?
Make Cake AVENGERS !!!
He's a clown
All I know is that Pennywise is such an awesome band.
The fast stop motion movement in the movie is purely the director. He brought that from his last film Mama.
Jenny i guess you don't want children?
To be fair to everyone complaining about the whole Pennywise can't catch kids lol in the book it's explained this is his MO since the more afraid they are the better they taste so the longer he can draw out their fear of him via multiple encounters the better. However, neither movie really communicated this well so yeah... Both movies are kind of bad
About being a giant spider though...
Funny video, but 2 quick things. 1. The Beep, Beep, Richie thing was a actually an in joke between the Losers Club that the movie apparently didn't have time to address. 2. Pennywise had more trouble taking down the Losers Club (and tried to get help from Henry Bowers) because they were brought together to stop him by Maturin the Cosmic Turtle...because that's a thing.
What the fuck.....Pennywise the BAND .... ! Who gives a shit about a book king wrote a decade ago.... chicks cute though
...It, an eternal, shapeshifting being that feeds off fear.   IT'S A BOGGART.
Can you pls have your parents in one of your videos soon ? Love your room btw 👍🏻
While I saw this in the theatre's throughout the film I kept thinking about your Creepy Pasta Video. Although wonderfully nostalgic , didnt think he was all that frightening. For me the scariest parts were,  Lady in the Painting, Pedo Pharmaist and Beverly's Dad.
The only real plot hole that bothered me was: how the hell did Bill melt that wax for the boat at the beginning??
You did a really fantastic job with this one. I especially like the part about how his friends would judge him and the twisty slide bit. That's good stuff. Word painting. Nice.
Sadly, they didn't really explain Beep beep, Richie in the movie.\n\nIt was actually what the Losers Club said to stop him when he ran off at the mouth too much, which happened a lot.
...and Pennywise has only ONE weakness: physical trauma. This was the best line.
I believe he turned the kid to go after the others as a defensive mechanism. For the first time, he has something hunting him down. If he fears that they might no longer fear him, then he may want or need outside intervention.
Physical trauma is a weakness of mine, too.
damn, lady! you look hot in this vid <3 <3 <3
I think he manipulates people into killing because a murderer on the loose is freaky, and he might feed off of any fear, not just the fear of him.
I gave Jenny a thumbs up for the massive list of credits at the end, amazing :)  Your humor is top notch
I love you Jenny
This is an exaggerated truth, but boarder-line fact. Like he would never just straight up eat someone, he had to like fill someone up with pure fear for like 5 minutes before he eats them, giving space for ex machinas to take place and stuff. Which I guess makes sense if you want the tastiest meal possible... but if you need to feed so badly then u might as well do it while you're ahead pennywise, it's only for the best.
I don't think you read the books...
I get what you're saying but Pennywise was honestly a really fun character. Also is he basically a boggart?
Just admit it Pennywise! Just admit that you like being a clown! I would be that monster friend.
penny wise & pound foolish. no one needs to know this tripe. learn to read a real book like The Way of All Flesh.
Funny how? Like I'm a clown, I amuse you? They shoulda gotten Joe Pesci to play Pennywise. They coulda had him beat some kid to death with a shinebox.
I wish she could make a movie, so I can try really, really hard to make a sarcastic video about it......
Ok, this is my favorite Jenny video by a wide margin. Her, I guess you'd call it trademark almost bored tone made describing a killer clown the funniest thing I'm likely to watch today. It's 7am and I've already hit my funny peak.
From this movie, I learned that Pennywise was an actual clown that died in a previous Derry incident. \nIT probably just finds this form more universally fear inducing than the other forms he uses. \nI expect when he lets people get away it's because he wants to let the fear simmer for a bit. \nAlso the key to defeating him is friendship, like most of life's problems. \nhttps://pics.me.me/doubt-2-youre-right-i-cant-do-it-you-cant-20047874.png\nStephen King's IT: Friendship is Magic.
Is clown college still a thing? \n\nCLM
It was more of a comedy then a horror movie honestly
When the patreon credits came up.... WHOA!  O_O
IT and a Turtle are Mortal Enemies.
This video was ripe for clown-nose wearing potential.  Wasted.
what the hell was that the vietnam wall memorial for the ending ?\nwtf was that x)
What are you afraid of Jenny?
I heard this theory that he’s a clown because “pennywise” the identity, is of a serial killer like John Wayne gasey in that universe. Because all of the forms he takes are of preexisting entities, like Beverly’s Dad or the lumberjack statue or the flute painting or Georgie
Where is the giant porg!?
What if he went across monkey bars whilst upside down... like all gravity defying like?
So, like a crocodile, Pennywise is an ambush predator. ;)
You're very pretty in glasses
You're so pretty.
Just admit to us that you like being a clown haha, I can imagine him sitting there with a sad clown face when they say that to him.
My goodness you are attractive
as glad as i was when you went over to screen junkies just in hopes you'd make some money off your work, these are by far you best videos.  millennial falcon is great but i'm interested in hearing what you have to say on more than the one topic.
3:13 He can dance if he wants to.  He can leave his friends behind.  Because his friends don't dance, and if they don't dance, then they're no friends of mine.\n\n*safety dances out of the comment section*
I am so glad you did a video about the film! I saw it opening day and enjoyed so much more than I expected so I've wanted to talk about it a lot more, and you talking about it makes it feel like a conversation with a good friend ^_^\nAfter thinking about it, I theorize that Pennywise is either unable to hurt/kill a child unless they are afraid (or maybe they're just tastier when he's built up fear in them, like fear is the marinade and the longer they soak in it, the more satisfying, because I mean, he attacked Georgie no problem, but maybe he was like ehhh needs more fear) oooorrrr he's just a total egomaniac like most villains and decides that his prey must acknowledge how frightening he is to boost his self esteem or idk, maybe he wasn't hugged enough as a wee alien monster clownie.
I will always upvote a Jenny video.
You know nothing of It beep beep Richie is what they say to Richie to shut up. He feeds on fear. And he likes scared children he says they taste better scared. He wants to scare them to eat them but he made a mistake of letting them live longer he thaught he could eat scare them more so that they would taste better
I never cared for Pennywise the band
With the final confrontation with Pennywise they should have played a song from Queen.
I've always felt that the deadites from the Evil Dead franchise feed off of fear as well, that to them it's a kind of art. Sometimes killing people is necessary for creating that fear, but if you watch enough Evil Dead stuff you start to realize that they take relatively few opportunities to actually kill.\n\nOff-topic, but whatever. I'm drunk.
Mostly true lol, but for the first one he wasn't trying to catch him, he was trying to scare him because to him the more afraid they are the better they taste. That's also why he takes his time since hes trying to build up how scared they are. Funny video though
I'm sorry—that was a great video—but the camera wasn't set right.
Jennys hair looks like she got shes all that-ed right before she started shooting where she took off her glasses and shook down her hair in slowmo....but then couldnt see so she had to put the glasses back on
i always figured that the more fear a kid experiences the more the fear flavor builds inside them. Like how adrenaline makes animals taste gamey.
You're braver than I. I was not going to watch a killer clown movie.
I was just picturing Pennywise telling the Crimson King he was going to take the form of a Clown.
Hey. Jenny. You. Are. Beautiful. And. Clever. :)
Do more stars wars erotica fan fiction.
4:10 o my goodness i didnt even think in that scene that way, now thats the only way ill think of it now. I HATE U FOR THIS
The clown, not the punk rock band
A big spider huh....thats an interesting notion ;]
Ok well now I feel like a total idiot for liking the movie. Thanks Jenny.
Why is that porg so tiny?!
I was with It, more or less, right up to the point where the kids locate the house and decide to wander in and tackle the supernatural killer monster with, uh... friendship? Stern disapproval? I guess they thought they'd prove it was real by having it tear them all to shreds. I found it tough to y'know, BUY IN after that point. Not to go all in the book, but in the book they plan the EFF out of their first assault on it. With weapons, even!
Nah, penny wise says beep beep to Richie as a reference to the book. The kids used beep beep as an indicator for Richie to stop running his mouth yeah?
it was said in an effort to let richie know that he went too far. As far as the origin of it, at the time that part of the novel was set, shows featuring comedians and variety shows were very poular. At the end of the comedian's jokes, they would beep a horn, similar to the 'drumroll' that we associate with the end of jokes on modern stand up comedy routines. So the beep beep richie part was basically saying, Ok richie, joke's over!
I love your analyses, but damnit don't ruin IT for me with your logic lol
In the book, the whole point of Pennywise in his clown guise was to lure kids in by appearing harmless fun and goofy. The first part of the novel takes place in 1957, decades before the whole ironic creepy clown trope was a thing. Although creepy clowns have always been around, it wasn't as prevelant back then. A clown was still a credible disguise. \nBy moving the setting up 30 years, you make Pennywise's modus operendi rather dubious. Not to mention the fact that Bill Skarsgard didn't even try to appear anything other than a creepy monster.
There really was no rhyme or reason to his tactics. The only consistency was him ending a scene as a clown.
YES Jenny I'm so glad you made a video about this
I don't think it was pennywise but the actor who had never seen or heard of clowns before accepting the role. Thanks in part to the 1990s big tobacco cases that banned phillip morris from promoting clowns to children and the truth about clowns campaign.
Never trust a man with large shoes.. \n\n\n.. my dad put on his size 11's and walked out on us
my god what happened to your porg! it shrunk!
i see you washed that porg and it shrunk down to a managable size.
So everything from this point back is Pre-Porg. You can tell by the hollow and soulless look in her eyes.
I know nothing about any sci-fi but i find her delivery so funny that she is one of 5 youtube subscriptions i have.
Oh how I wish, not for the first time, that I hadn't read the godawful Youtube comments.
BEEP! BEEP! Jenny
Yummy.
Pennywise likes floating.
You are gorgeous
Stop trying to make Twisty Slides happen Pennywise!
Marry me
Ok
Hahah
I adore your sarcasm
Great stuff as usual... :)
Jenny is Pennywise, but occasionally she is Porg foolish.
Jennywise!
Long time watcher, first time commenter. Your awesome. That is allz
I cant even...what? Is this a satire attempt?
For once, I completely agree with this lady. Pennywise was not scary, and IT was very disappointing.
The sausagefest that is your patreon account is always the best piece of comedy in your videos
😃 That was... funny? I didn't laugh, but I'm pretty sure this was funny.
holy fuck was she bit in the face by a dog when she was a kid or something?
Look, someone who didn't read the book. How could this very simple concept of a movie elude you? My 9 year old kept up, I thought you were intelligent... Or is that just what you keep wanting us to think that? Also, 42 percent of people are afraid of clowns. And pennywise got greedy and wanted all those kids and he built up their fear for too long. Clearly to his down fall... Do you even pay attention to the movies you watch or just pick up shit you wanna bitch about to be a hipster?
shut up
Thats kind of satisfying
The best clip I've seen all day, so short but so funny cause this happens all the time in siege 😂😂😂
I'm ready for this lmao.
Have friends that do that fucking pisses me off they do it every time i try get a kill
You ended up on game sprout
Ahah this is great. No idea why it's in my suggested but it's good.
literally the meaning of bad luck
When i play at call of duty black ops 3... it happens enough rarely for me...I killed my teamate 3 times in hardcore and got kicked -_- \nHardcore isn't really for me as a master prestige lvl 284 .-. ... \n#Triggered\n\nThis is enough classic👌
omg this is hilarious thank you for posting
why the fuck are there so many bots here?
I'd be so pissed if that Ash and Recruit (which retards FUCKING PLAY RECRUIT!!!) got pissed at the guy for that
hey mate, nice video xD\ndo you mind if use that on a compilation Im doing?\nthanks
Yo what tags did u put on this damn so many views
I don't know why this made me laugh so much....probably the hype and then him sighing
The amout of bots in this comment section is retarded
Why is this fucking recommended to me, fuck everything about YouTube and it's cunts
Jesus christ the porn bots here... Save us! Someone!
I laughed more at the sigh😂😂😂
This must happen a lot in this game 😂 I love how casual he is about it like  Just shot my team mate in the head.... No problem let me just get this peeker. Welp thats a double kill TEAM KILLING OFFENSE  Yeah yeah whatever just start the ban
My condolences, my friend
You poor soul, I don't even play this shitty game and I pity you lol
Were they the enemies body guards or something? Who watches their team mate get killed then decides do the same thing.
oh man ahahhaha the motion of the hands when they die. made me laugh in real life ahha
Top 10 anime deaths
I don't get it.
Good thing this was cas.
not only one runs by but two.......TWOOOOOOO
Anyone else think this is the dumbest thing to happen in existence?
Heros die everyday and there was no Mercy here to save this mans soul
That would make me so fucking pissed
Welcome to rainbow 6 siege where your teammates are your worst enemies.
🍆I🍆Am many🍆horny🍆 click channel for🍆 give me 🍆many penis🍆. I 🍆have🍆many boob🍆 pictures🍆 if want🍆 subscribe
This video is funny as hell, you earned a sub 😊😊
XD I DIED laughing but you got kicked playing
Dear people! take your time to check out my latest video WASTED! on my channel. The video features continuous remix personally created by myself, and it's comprised of 16 high-quality tracks. The pop/trance hybrid mix will can give you both chill and blast on Friday nights! Please share and like, and thank you for your support!
When you say I'm going to get the ace😂😂😂
I keep on rewatching over and over. This is art.
what game is this
4 people on team 2 die 1 kicked. Other team celebrating. While the last person is like wtf just happened
and then queue the space jam music
HACKER!!! lol   as you always read in the comments while playing... no one likes a good shot. no one....
See someone aiming... Proceeds to walk in front. Clever.
Just imagine being on the other team and seeing that, no point shooting at them, they already took themselves out
Ah, the joys of a FPS...
This video makes my life. This is my 13th reason why
this was funny but at the same time unfortunate... :/
I love this. I have it on loop.
This is why I don't play online anymore
My gosh. I feel your pain man.
What game is this?
Accidentally kill his own teammates. If I get kill by someone who is trying to kill a enemy then accidentally kills me I'll know it was a accident.
Quietly laughing in my bed , watching this. I can relate so much.
and this is why you don't wander into peoples line of fire
This is my new favourite video of all times .
When the anti-spawn killer becomes the spawn killer.
That's just funny as shit
Lol someone made a meme about this😂😂😂
I literally can't stop watching
Dead*
2 shots, 2 kills, aimbot confirmed, instant vac-ban
XD
BEGONE THOTS
Lol
Awww u mofo
Well then...
Trash
Literally the most unlucky r6 moment lmao
😂😂😂😂
YEAHHHHHH FUCKING NOOB LOL
Viewbot is real lmao
Oof
Memed
Me too m8, me too
this is magical!
I'm done bruh
Me too
Rip
hha
I would kms
RIP
#FeelsBadMan 😂😂
Lol
lMFAO The luck
Why is this trending
Beautiful.
Best shit ever
39 on trending, has 120 subs.. lucky
Just uninstall and reinstall to get unbanned
Im here from Gamesprout... anyone else?
HAHA LOL YOU GOT DAT BOI
...........\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYh\n\nMe too
Sighh
Congrats you a meme
I cant stop laughing
Yall feeling it now?
😂😂😂😂
XDDDDDdDDDDDdDDDDdFDFFfF YO IM PLAT 3  Y  THAT MATTER A R6 VID GOT ON TRENDINH NIBBa \n\n\n\n\nHonestly a 30 min ban 😕
They weren't ready
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
He got more spawnkills than he bargained for tbf
Sunbro is a Legend and the best dodger in the world
00:36 she is just straight up naked
Nobody did well what is it in return?\nDISAPPOINTED
\       PRAISE     /\n  \       THE       /\n    \     SUN     /\n      \   _[ T ]_  /\n             II\n             II\n             II\n           _II_\n          II     II\n          II     II\n          II     II\n          II     II\n          II     II
so clear that so many of those people never played or never pvped on darksouls.
some say he's still rolling to this day
HILARIOUS!  Don't need to watch more than a few though, but jumping around glad I saw poor Reaper
The peak of human evolution
Came for the rolls, stayed for 4:31 :D
Funniest thing I've seen in a long time.  Keep on rollin'!
THIS DUDE HAS EVERYONE RESPECT, HE DIDN'T FAIL A SINGLE EVADE
Legends say he's still rolling to this day
Holy crap Solaire is bloodthirsty. He's attacking everyone there
this is the most accurate and best cosplay ive seen
This might be the best thing i have ever seen
PRAISE THE SUN ＼[T]/
as a guy who does jiu jitsu for fun. im impressed this guy can roll this much without exhausting himself.
it needs a YOU DIED! at the end
I died when he poked that guy in the red shirt at 1:13
i can't breathe send help\n\nmy sides...my cheeks
Some of those girls are really hot.
I wonder if he got dizzy after all that rolling?
The Dark Souls of conventions
Now cosplay as Artorias and do front flips at people
I understand how to play darksouls now
Paired great sword don't need rolling.\nJust \nRB\nRB\nRB
Holy shit it IS effective!
That must be a well made cosplay to be able to take all that rolling. PRAISE THE SUN!!!
GOD DAMN! Who's the girl at 4:31? I need to get my fap on 😈
he have a lot stamina
I would've watch twenty more minutes of this
Dark Souls series PvP in a nutshell.
Why does nobody seem to get it?
cosplayers are doing great these times (i mean, look at Nonom and Yoko, uff)
Everyone knows that katanas are the good role catchers, but you need curved swords to be the best.
Now, let's see you do it with a dark wood grain ring.
Dude I love how you get dizzy in a few of your battles yet you still power through.
Solaire played a bit too much Dark Souls 3, he rolls like there's no tomorrow.
i hate to say it but solaire fat rolls you'll have to redo it
I just wanted to say that I loved this. Great job.
That is the best
I Understand that reference ;v
0:27 oh my what do we have here ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Damn bro how high is your endurance?
girls that don't get it, might think that sunbro is a skirt peeper
Great and funny video like always
Too bad I wasn't there with my Gascoigne outfit. Though I wouldn't be able to clash swords with you as my saw cleaver is made of foam board. Might wanna take it easy on the hitting random people with the sword. Might be asking for trouble these days. At least make sure they acknowledge you are there before swatting. Just for your sake.
this satire never gets old
Theres only one person that can with stand sunbros god dodgeing skills and thats harley quinn 5:42
0:28 I need to go there.
you must've been so dizzy by the end of the day, huh
SOOO annoyed at the amount of weebs who didn't understand what was going on, filthy anime cucks all of em!
I saw a gif of this and I knew it had to be you, D-Piddy.
I love the Yoko walking by during the Nonon fight, just laughing and laughing. Clearly, she knew what was going on from the beginning.\n\n...the poor Madara(I think?) cosplayer you clipped in the crotch, though. ;-; R.I.P.
my question is where onionbro at???? #solaireislife
This guy is a now a legend
I was just waiting for  him to get dizzy from all that rolling and run into a wall
Thank you for making my shitty day brighter! Praise the sun!
This guy's got so many iFrames, no one wants to fuck with him......... except for maybe LAUTREC!! \n\n*wink wink, nudge nud- have him invade Solaire in the next video -dge*
Dear god, I'm rolling on the floor more than he is.
If I had the talent, I would have dueled him as a Yahrnam Hunter.
[T]\n/|\  praise the sun 🔱\n /\
but why didnt you *PRAISE THE SUN*
I see u at 2:19 with that bts shirt. much love
looks like he actually hurt someone at 5:30
Dark Souls 3 pvp in a nutshell.
dem skillz
*DARK SOULS BE LIKE:*
Muy bueno !!
태양 만세!!YY
Is this cringe?
THE FUCKING SUNBRO PISSING I CANT OMFG
PRAISE THE SUN.
This good video
Like !!
over 9999 AP
PRAISE THE SUN!
PANIC ROLL
EUEUEUEUEUEUEUUEUEEGHEUEGEHEUEGEJUEHEIEHEU3HH3UEH3HEUEHE yes
*Red tearstone ring intensifies*
PRAISE IT BITCHES \[T]/
More more more more more.....
Someone's been leveling endurance
Legend.
hillarious
Praise the sun :)
I-FRAMES!!!
PRAISE THE SUN
no sunbro shield... :(
8/10 no L1 spam
LMAO))))
Roll spam and rolling r1 spam
MY SUN
Solaire with fatroll and estoc wt a casul
Sunbro never fails
so much stamina... awesome dude
4:45 the roll catches lmao
DS3 in a nutshell
2:35 a real life Yoosung has been discovered behind Deadpool.
Hey!! I know that weeb at 3:05 you go girl!!!
With the first pick of the 2017 NFL Draft, The Cleveland Browns select...Bobby Boucher.
Glad to see this video back up on here. Enjoy!
Imagine if Bobby Boucher facing Tom Brady or Aaron Rodgers
This is what i do
Shit is so funny
Waterboy, overall: 99
5:05 He's feelin that throw
You're drinking the wrong water.
Why didn't the Bucs ever draft Bobby Boucher?
Kam's hits are better ;)
REEEEE
The screams 😂😂😭
Lol, favorite scene is the Oh god, please don't hurt me Haha
2:15 that would had been a flag in the NFL
The one at 2:14 kills me 😂
3:34 my favorite one
H2O
You sound like a big choo-choo train
power bomb compliment of captain insano 😂😂
No what?
1:48
Saban real face when he lost the national championship
They didn't put when his mom hit the dad😂💪🏼
water sucks it really really sucks Im dying
does anyone know the song that plays during Adam Sandlers tackling scene
Water sucks! It really really sucks!\nNo... You don't mean that!\nYou're bad people!
Gatorade h2o gatorade h2o water sucks it really really sucks
damn 240p is one hell of a drug
Adam Sandler's best movie in my opinion.
Time to open some whoop ass lol 
Good luck to you on the field sir.\n\nI'LL BE PLAYIN' WITH YO' MAMMA TONIGHT!\n\n...62. lol
Bobby Boucher couldn't play anymore lol
WOOOOOOO WOOOOO WOOOOO Sound like a huge cho cho face
I felt so sad I literally cried because of the character. he never had the chance to be eduxated
So Bobby autisticly screeches?
you're drinking the wrong water!
My fave movie
NEEDLE DICK, NEEDLE DICK, NEEDLE DICK
you thound like a bwig choo choo twain....
NEEDLE DICK! NEEDLE DICK! NEEDLE DICK!
REEEEEEEEEEEEE
There's a lot of pain and shame in those eyes...
Gaaaaaatoraaadeeeeee
I don't know what's better, the way he tackle em down or the noise he makes before. It's like comparing a hornet's buzzing to the actual sting, which is scarier.
2:14 😂😂😂😂
There's gotta be a lot of pain and shame in those eyes 😅😅😅
I know this isn't legit but seriously Bobby?! You would tackle your mother for your girlfriend because she said she was the Devil!
5:05 I snorted so hard XD
Momma I got the football
You sound like a bwig choow choow train
The only thing i don't like about this movie. Having Bobby throw the final touchdown. It was never established that he could throw the ball, so why would couch Klein have him do that? The final play should have been him running the ball and knocking down defenders toward the endzone.
ITS BECAUSE THEY DIDNT HOLD ANYTHING BACK
0:19 No \nNo what\nyahhhhhhhh that got to hurt😬
I love how he killed colonel sanders
You forgot the one where his mom hits his dad at the end
The nipple grab at the end kills me everytime lmao
She's not the devil. She's the most beautiful woman in the world.\nI never said she was the devil!!\nShe's the most beautiful woman in the world!!\nOh God!! Please don't hurt me!!\nlol. That prick was scared shitless.
1:11 I have to confess, if I was a quarterback and I saw one of the opposing team members basically having a psychotic break in the lead-up to a play, _I would probably be fairly concerned_.
2 years out of high school, i forgot how fun football looked as the lineman
GATeraaaaaaaaaade
When you hear Bobby scream REEEEEEEE! Nothing can save you.
His fucking scream lmao
Lmao!!!! why does Bobby screams like muscle man from regular show when he sequels like that.
That was the real one handed catch not ODB's.
DAMNNNNN
Most of these tackles would be illegal in today's NFL (No Fun League)
Whussa matta' wit'chu bo-ay, are you to STU-(flaps lips for a second)-STUPID to do what yer coach tells ya? HYEH-HYEH-HYEH-HYEH-!!!\n\nNO!\n\n...no what? lol
the moment Bobby screams REEEEEEEEE!!!! it's over
Water sucks! it really really sucks! Water sucks! it really really sucks sucks Sucks!
MY LEG!
213 damm
2:38 Ah my leg! Lmao 😂
I seriously lose it when he visualizes the QB. NEEDLE DICK NEEDLE DICK NEEDLE DICK \nXD
to  bad  in the NFL we have now theirs no dropkicks and no powerbombs
If i was playing football and I was QB on the sidelines see tackling my teammates like he was I just go back to locker room because there no in hell I'm going to play against some having mental problems on the flied especially if talking to himself pacing back and forth
0:56 let the pain montage begin and seriously this quarterback needs to start looking around he gets blind sided way too much .
Gatorade...H2o....Gatorade...you bad people...water sucks it really sucks
Needle dick needle dick needle dick
2:13  That was hilarious!!
GATTTOORAIIIID!!!!
The real kam chancellor
The Choo Choo Train bit has me in fucking stitches every time!!
I love my mo mo moma now you no
NEEEEIIIUEGHH
No!! No wat!!
bobby sucks he's blocking eleglely
They forgot about when Bobby's mom tackled his dad...
Guilty pleasure movie for me.
I Love that movie as well because its funny and super crack up
they need to remake this film in2017
Power Bomb. Curtsey of Captain Insaneno
NEEDLE DICK!
watching the spiketv version they cut the inappropriate shit out and it was noticeable
3:45 when ya boy plays football but watches to much WWE.
The Waterboy Movie Is My Favorite Movie,Of All Time So Is Smokey N The Bandit 1-2-3-. Bobby Boucher  Let His Angrer Out By Playing FootBall For The Mud-Dogs FootBall Team.. The Mud-Dogs FootBall Team Won The Bourbon Bowl They Beat The Louisiana Cougars Collage FootBall Team.. Bobby Boucher Said  Coach Klein You Got You're Man Hood..You Got You're Man Hood..I Have The Waterboy On DVD..
forest gump vs bobby boucher 2017
stawp makin fun of me
water sucks it really really sucks
Coach: Gatorade, Bobby Boucher: H2O, Coach: Gatorade, Bobby Boucher: H2O Coaches: WATER SUCKS IT REALLY REALLY SUCKS THE WATER SUCKS IT REALLY SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS
happy gilmore, water boy, and billy madison are the best comedy movies
I remembered on my first day of junior high, I barfed. I literally barfed. Oh god
Wine. Don't fucking do it. I drank 2 bottles of wine and that's all I remember of that evening. PRE-DRINK WISELY KIDS
It's actually so adorable that he drove to Philes so he could do his laundry 😂
You should do a video on job interviews
I'm surprised Dan wouldn't do a physiology course at university.
Dan: self-deprecating jokes and sad times\nAlso Dan: some actual, legit advice\nAnd also Dan: still phil trash #1
I'm never gonna go to uni tbh, It just isn't for me
You... Set fire...to pasta... Because you didn't know...to put water in it...\nDan, child, I love you. But really?
Last and most important (especially for my American college kids), if you can avoid it, DO NOT TAKE AN 8AM CLASS. I know it seems fine since high school started at 7am, but unless you are very, VERY much of a morning person, you will not want to get up. TRUST ME
Dan I have been subscribed since butterfingers
My first week of college was hell. I was mostly alone the entire time and my roommate decided to turn the girls next door against me. This meant i honestly had 3 girls all telling me I ruined everything....but still not sure what everything was? Anywho, I moved into a different room and I eventually met my first very real best friend. I love her to the moon and back and my life would suck ass without her. Did I mention she also gave me TABINOF because she knows Dan and Phil are the only people that can make my shitty life bearable besides her? Yeah. In all seriousness, college is the best thing that had ever happened to me. Was the best year of my entire life and I didn't drink during any of it *cough* DANIEL.
I set fire to ramen dan that's not very reassuring in summary I'm going to be majorly violated in every aspect of life Kool mateeee
While I don't enjoy Dan's content, I respect how he has found a way to monetise his despair.
I'm confused, are you talking about American university or UK university?
not university, but I'm going to a new school in another country with a slightly different school system and i just really didn't understand the courses. so, today,  we had one of the courses (they're called optional. very specific wow) and i GUESSED that i had latin but i didn't know where the hell that was and asked a girl, she said it'd be upstairs and i went there - asked there - sent me downstairs - nothing. so what did i do?\ni went to the bathroom and secretly cried. \nmuCH RESPONSIBILITY WOW
when will be your next internet support group video???
im only 15, but you scared me xd
Dan burnt pasta in Uni and phil burnt toast smoking up the entire room lol they're meant to be.. Whatever the fuck they are still they are everything goal.
I shall never get rid of the leaf Phil threw at my head \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNo one gets this joke but me and my fangirl friends but ayyyye I'm a failure :)
hey My howell dont give up on your life at least its not Daniel Middleton XD\nim so sorry to and DanTDM fans out there, im saying sorry cuz im also a BIG fan...\nI just said this so Dan(this one (howell) ) can feel better.
I'll be going to uni next year 😓
you should get more sleep. you look like crap
School is about to end for me!
Starting boarding school next year, let's see how long it'll be til I die
Dan is the most relatable guy I've ever met.
Remember when dan promised he was gonna run in 2014? 😂😂
I still sometimes forget that you have to boil the water before putting in the pasta.
Well i've heard that asian people have something in their genes that makes them naturally really lightweighted with drinking so maybe that's why that guy went a little bit more wild than everyone else. What a story.
I leave for uni tomorrow so I guess now was a good time to find this, thanks Dan.
sorry but phil trying to look scary in the argument over the book was just...precious
Well you could say that **takes off sunglasses** the Pastaisonfire\n**cricket noises**\nI'll let myself out
There was a condom ad before this video
i just started my second year of secondary school. i'm terrified of gcse's and shit. year 7 went too fast. my life is crumbling into pieces
MY CLASS ALREADY STARTED WHEN U MADE THIS 😫😫😫
Full Time Internet Hobo \nmy favorite thing about dans videos is reading the little light box
3 Weeks in, in Secondary School. And let's just say.. I've already made the choice that I'm going to drop out in a few years. Like, I..fucking..can't with the school. The amount of fucking homework you have to complete within a certain time makes me want to leave my shitty life. And I forgot to bring in supplies for Home Economics (Cooking) So, I skipped that period and was waiting in the halls for 20 minutes and realize if I get caught I'll be in detention so my fucking anxiety decided to you know, drop in for a while and you know, come at the worst fucking time and I hid in the women's bathroom wanting to just.. not exist. Then I was given out to by several teachers for the dumbest reasons. And I just want to say my School Life is a living hell.
Word of advice, find a college with hammocks, naps between classes are the best
I HAD NO INTERNET FOR A WEEK HEPL
You planning on releasing a disstrack?
hey dan where did you get the shirt
Uni Place Theatre B is pretty scary, I agree with you Dan.
I'm off to uni this Saturday and I have to say.. uni better not be any harder than the finance and enrolment process or I'm doomed!
I'm so nervous to start college on the 25th and this didn't help lmao
I started uni last month and honestly it's been great, sure I didn't have to move to another city, but the having to be social part is still there, and if someone as socially awkward as me can do it then anyone can!
I thought i was going to not do pe in the IT class (for B Tech pe) and then sir in with  mats... we had to do squats push ups and run up and down the stairs for 3 whole minutes
And here I am, sitting in my dorm at ten in the morning, drinking kool-aid and eating oreos for breakfast.
Funny bloody shite right there! ;-)
fullfim\ninflame\nnobo
Yay!! The fringe is....kinda back...............!
THE CHEESE PART LMAO
*oh god that intro*
ok but his shirt
I ponder of something great. My lungs will Phil and Dan deflate.
I feel like listening to myself wtf
What the internet support group email
Who heard Phil saying Down It? 😂
Ah Dan, you never cease to amaze me with your wonderful stories. University (college) is quite fun but another advice that Dan didn't mention was time management. Also find a balance between getting enough sleep, studying for classes, and having a social life on campus.
This isn't a uni story, but I once saw this kid lick someone's locker door at school
The rowing machine is an erg and it evil so you did the right thing
We have universities in America😂
I would probs be that person fighting over the book
I can beat that awkward eye contact moment easy, mum was freezeing skin tags off my dad's -area- and they didn't shut the god damn door and i walked in, made eye contact, and ran to the basement while mentally ripping my own eyes out.
THIS IS GREAT BECAUSE AS A ROWER OUT COACHES MAKE US WALK UP AND TALK TO PEOPLE!!! 😂😂
Im going to listen to this at school and drop on the floor laughing
Was that leaf from the Platanus x hispanica tree?  The suspense is killing me...
i hate how antisocial you are.
At the uni I'm going to next year most of the rooms are single. 😊😁
Did anyone else see the words on his light box?...
Wtf is wrong with the uni you went to? Are all unis in the UK like that? Omg
STORY TIME - i was in food tech period 3 and i was working with my best mate... and we had to put pasta in a pot... so we did.... then he told us too put a cm cup of water in our pot.. but neither me or my friend knew what a cm was so we guessed... then we had a talk how to cut up veggies... cause we were making pasta and salad (I HATE SALAD) so we could smell burning and i knew it was going to be ours so we went over and it was all burnt... so we had to have just salad and the only thing i like what we were making was blooming PASTA... so i threw it at the ground and walked out :D the end!!! (ps this is a real story i did it yesterday XD)
'Sharing one bathroom with seven other dudes is rough'\nWhat if it's eight women in one dorm \nIf someone walked into the bathroom then the trash can would be filled with horrifying blood and gore like they stashed a fucking body in there but no, it's simply Satan claiming a week in their ovaries
Dan is not on fire
University.. Oh wait. CoLLeGe\n\nThanks for including the Muricans, Dan
Do what I did, become Captain of the Circus Society and procrastinate from doing any work whatsoever by learning how to juggle
I burnt pasta once because I forgot to put water in. 😂
This is literally me currently
My first week at college I managed to run into a bunch of protestors who were screaming we were all going to hell basically where someone was dressed as Barney, yes the giant purple dinosaur, and proceeded to chase me down the sidewalk screaming at how I was going to hell.... college is great 😅
Bro we're all in school already 😆❤
I don't care what you say I live in Scotland and holiday starts from 1/7/? To 15/8/?
can't wait for uni. can't be bothered with people tho.
am i the only one who is noticing the slight tint in filter. not sure if its my imagination
I honestly don't feel like you exaggerated at all this sounds like my first week at university but here were more lesbian antics and more milk stealing (all girl flat). One girl even had her mum write her name on ALL THE FOOD SHE MOVED IN WITH!
DOES ANYONE KNOW TOUR DATES FOR 2018?!? IF THIER HAVING ONE
I'm in my second year of college but I don't live in the dorms. So I just go to classes and get out as fast as possible, basically no one really acknowledges my existence so I'm happy about that but I'm miserable about my major
It looked like a gulag
I fear for those who didnt learn how to cook or do laundry before going to uni. If i didnt know how after age  15 my mom would disown me so fast, spainish moms dont kid with house chores.
I'm 2 weeks into my school year thats why im watching this video three days later i think idk but seriously fucking homework people its so stupid
Full time internet hobo
-ow-
can i eat u daddy omg i luv uuuuuu
what an intro
*DOWN IT DOWN IT DOWN IT*
You got a haircut
Oh, sorry, CAWLEDGEEE\nAnother meme for Daniel Howell
Don't feel bad, Dan. There are things WAY worse than quitting Uni after one year.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLike quitting after two days.\n_Ahem._
I still cry when I see the end screen
This video was dan-o-mite
Dan: SUMMER'S DEAD!\nMe: (my name is Summer)
Summer where I live lasts until February
The beginning is a little hurtful considering my name is Summer...
When Bruce tapped is way through the purley Gates, God turned around and said Nice to see you, to see you.. Nice!
+BBC Strictly Come Dancing  obviously that was not Brucie at 0:06 he wouldn't have been able to do that.
So sad, may he RIP :(
He's my favourite.
He was my favourite. RIP Bruce
He was brilliant and I love how the dancers did his signature move in the end
I don't usually watch Strictly but only because of Bruce I watched this tribute and even now I can't help but having a little cry as I loved watching him as a kid and teenager. Bruce always made laugh and was the first person I saw on a Saturday night and he'll always be my favourite entertainer. Just sad I never got to see him live. Goodbye Bruce R.I.P to a legend. Keep making us laugh in heaven
Didnt like strictly but you cant deny the fact that he was a legend.
How can anybody dislike this video?!
What an absolute legend !!!!\nHe could sing, dance, play the piano,\ntell jokes etc.  In fact he was an all \nround entertainer.\nR.I.P. Sir Bruce.
RIP THE LEGEND! We will miss you!
😭😭😭 Keep dancing Brucie!!
The legend!!!!!!
:'(
🙁🙁🙁🙁
7.33 tess so genuine bless her .rip brucie
You're my favourite.
RIP
much loved xx
Up up and away. 🕊
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1003176996491368&id=758062871002783
Pper pig cartuns
R.I.P
B
:) ;)
goo.gl/2eY18S SALE at £5.99! double Cubic zirconia bracelet. Includes free gift bag and free delivery! #sparkle #sparkly #deal
A LEGEND. RIP.
Surgeon record shortage whereas police clearly plane bit.
legend
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
Rip
That Alesha/Bruce moment at 4:39: EPIC! Both had a lot of chemistry during that duet.
Will miss him so much
He was awesome 😭😭😢😢
Legend 😢
We love you Brucie
So sad 😢😢😢
amazing person, one of my favourites like robin Williams. big loss
i live in the US, but i remember Sir Bruce Forsyth's Hot Streak game show, will always love It's nice to see you, to see you...(claps hands, throws hands out) NICE!  RIP Sir Bruce
It was nice to see you Brucie to see you nice for the last time RIP
What an amazing man.. he will be missed 😢❤️
Bruce died on my birthday, I grew up watching him and loved him to bits. So devastated.
He had a real love of life and lived it to the max. I aim to cheer up a bit and try and b happy.
I will going to miss him so much and he was so caring wonderful loveable and amazing person i know he came on to my tv when i was watched strictly come dancing and he make's my  Saturday's night's with a smile on my face
Loved that routine at the end, pure class, and a very special group pose in tribute had me in tears.  Tess was too, I think, and well done Claudia for putting a supportive arm around her.  Great stuff.
NICE TO SEE YOU ! TO SEE YOU      NICE!! 😂😭
I'm not crying, you're crying.
So sad had a little tear in my eye rip Bruce your be missed kept dancing ❤️😭
Loved the dancers doing Bruce pose, at the end
Brought tears to my eyes.  Sad to lose another one of our greats.
He was born in London.  He was a wonderful man.
Thanks to the BBC, I'm going to give it a year or two before deciding my emotions on Brucie are worth holding.
Miss brucey so much such an amazing man\nRest in peace
Out with his version of frank Sinatra, lovely tribute
Watching this in Mexico as missed the show & cant get it on iPlayer & have tears 😭 in eyes.Felt so sorry for Tess,& Claudia did well for her.Anton & the rest of the dancers 💃 what a superb tribute. Thanks Brucie for the memories.
I remember watching strictly every Saturday night when I was a child \nMemories 🙌🏽
RIP Brucie, they don't make them like you anymore :( <3
It won't be the same without sir bruce
Bruce keep dancing in heaven you will be greatly missed
I was in Cardiff when i heard the news. Very sad but he had a fabulous life! Keep dancing Bruce!
Is it just me who thinks Brucey looked like Basil Brush?
If only there was a love button to this video and not just a like button ...
Thos was just a perfect way to pay tribute to the amazing Brucie.
I am gonna miss Sir Bruce Forsyth
Weres it's nice to meet you to meet you nice
Don't know how anyone can dislike this tribute R.I.P to an icon
Who's cutting those onions ??😭😭😭
They may aswell cancel the show because it just isnt the same without him
No, no...just something in my eye.
Visit :https://youtu.be/gGeyeljTcdE\nTo learn new
R.I.P Sir Bruce Forsyth\n\nIt's nice to see you nice\n\n1928 - 2017\n\nWill be forever missed, and no one will replace the charm he gave to Saturday night TV
This is soooo sad 😭😩⭐️ he will all was be a star ❤️
Wow he's finally dead (Liked the OLD lad)
I was so shocked when they said this on the BBC, Terry now Bruce! RIP 😭
Absolute legend loved by all, he will be missed ❤️
I want a threesome with Claudia and Tess.
He entertains my grandparents, parents, siblings and nieces and nephews.  Nice to see you 🖤
How To Download YouTube Video's On SNAPTUBE \n \nDirect link\n👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇\nhttp://ksa.pm/6ag
Wow, I didn't expect to cry watching this. RIP to a true legend.
I held it together until Tess's voice broke. What a beautiful dedication. I know he'll be missed by many
So sad theses old school entertainers who were such pros at their job now disappearing off our stages.\nHe was so good at what he did,he was a natural.\nRIP Brucie. Thanks for your dedication  for all of thoses years.
Sir Bruce was special, he was an ICON!
I was really upset to hear old Brucie died a peaceful death. I would have preferred a slow painful agonizing one.
Bruce Forsyth singlehandedly makes me proud to be British.
I've watched strictly for years and years Sir Bruse was and will always me a LEGEND in everything he has done and no one will ever top him... rest in peace you brilliant man xx
I have been watching this my whole life. When I was told this I felt a lump in my throat. Can't believe he is gone. He was so amazing 😥😥😥
Still hard to believe end of an era
wasnt he a dirty pervert like the rest of them .??
When did this MF die?
Amazing, talented and will be greatly missed.  From the early days at the Palledium an all round professional.
did bruce forsyth have any comments about skinheads?
Another BME Broadcasting Production - where are the gay couples; where are the Muslim women wearing a niqab; where are the disabled people, do they not have a right to participate?  This is outrageous from a publicly funded State TV broadcaster!?
I thought he died years ago. Shame
Ukrainian Dancing with the Stars seems to me much better. But it's cool too.
Yo guys doing a giveaway sub and do instructions on my latest video to enter I'm giving away a tablet
fuck off
Another pointless reality show.. No disrespect to Sir Bruce
Nice to of seen you too of seen you....
What a legend.....You will truly be missed 😢
He turned 'Strictly' into the 'Bruce Forsyth Show' and ruined it. Good riddance.
Anyone slightly perturbed by the 'blocky' m's n's and u's  ?
Kanye was the first guy to show me that you didn't need to be a gangsta rapper to become the King of Hip Hop.
No lie. Music has never been the same since this album.
coincidence everyday struggle just had a kayne discussion about this exact topic not to long ago?
its sad cuz Now he can't top any of his older albums
Kanye is one of the best Rapper of all time...for Real!
a lot of graduation songs make me tear up (i'm gay)
Gangsta rap took a Major hit when Graduation dropped and never recovered damn Kanye really changed the culture
His best album !!! So much love for him
...but on graduation he dived into more electronic depths *plays drunk and hot girls* sampling Can now thats very electronic. who edits these LOL
Kanye West best album by far
Yeah changed for the worst.. thank God for Future and 808 mafia
I love kanye's music but Watch the Throne was so mediocre.
My favorite Kanye album of all time💯💯
Graduation was my favorite album before you new yeezy wearing bitchass niggas
ONE OF MY FAVOURITE ALBUMS OF ALL TIME AND BY KANYE
who is the narrator? he is soooooo fine
I have this album in the top 5 hip-hop albums of all time
Drunk and Hot Girls is Kanyes only bad song
Going to listen to Graduation right after this.
yep Good beats , catchy hooks, expensive videos but his lyricism just kept getting shit from here. compare him to any other great rapper and you'd realise that as a rapper he's always been somewhat 'meh'
F L A S H I N G  L I G H T S lights lights lights lights
every album he does changes hip-hop.
call me a oldhead....but this is my fav Kanye album. period
I love graduation but it has too many skippable tracks for me I still think it's a classic just not as good as his first two or mbdtf. Drunk and hot girls, goodnight, Barry bonds are all some of kanyes worst songs in my opinion.
The video is called How Kanye West’s ‘Graduation’ Changed Music and yet didn't really say much about the impact the album had on music in general. Like yes, it did change mainstream hip hop from a gangsta sound to a more anthemic sound, but did it change rock? Jazz? Blues? Indie? Metal? Reggae? Electronic music? Even if it did, this video still has a really misleading title.
I can't believe this album is 10 years ago!!
Good Morning - Get your thoughts together, a slow startChampion - Brightens your moodStronger - Pumps you upI Wonder - Sets emotion, dreamGood Life - Achieve your dreamsCant Tell Me Nothing - Peak, prob one of the most motivating songs for me!!Barry Bonds - In your face kinda feelsDrunk and Hot Girls - sry but prob the worst song on this albumFlashing Lights - One of the best songs on this album (w/ I Wonder, CTMN and The Glory)Everything I Am - Self reflection, slow beatThe Glory - I fucking DID ITHomecoming - Remember your rootsBig Brother - and the people that brought you upGood Night - Just live your life cuz life is short\nOne of the greatest albums ever! I love every song!!! I really wish Kanye will release a project of this caliber once again!
Say what you want about him but you cant say he aint passionate bout this shit
damn this video made me want more from kanye more thn i already did 😩 can't wait for his fucking album now
I still listen to this album.
Graduation & 808s and Heartbreaks are my favorites 💙
4:20 it's almost sad to see how much better albums sold back then.
Could somebody please ID the font at 0:00 for me?
jeez i stay bumping this album its just soo good even till this day💯
This album was lowkey trash. Lack luster, watered down information
kanye changed hip hop and this album screamed i'm not going anywhere.
Bruh a live synthesizer is a type of live instrument
I wonder and flashing lights is my shit
The greatest of all time
This is beautifully compiled. Thank you Vox!
The funny thing about this album, it's not his best one but still a classic.
I'm anticipating his new Album bet its gonna be dope!
The only Kanye album i actually went and bought.. I love that album... Yeesus was shit
Graduation is easily my favorite album from Ye
No, 808's & Heartbreak took Kanye to his apex
Kanye West is most definitely the greatest hip hop ARTIST. He has his great lyrical moments, he's not vocally amazing, he doesn't dance, but man, the man has so much musical depth and unlimited creativity. Best hip hop artist IMO.
Noisy and complex just be saying anything and be trynna make it make sense 😒
KANYE NARCISSIST WEST D-I-S-G-R-A-C-E-D his mom by what he said vs. what he became...a MONSTER at approx. 5:00 mark #Disgrace
Good Life is one of the best, most positive songs ever
Damn, this whole video and no mention of Jesus Walks. Just shows how many tracks were really on this monster.
still can't believe its 10 years old though!! I'M SO FUCKING OLD!!!!
Flashing Lights is one of my favorites of all time
Graduation, College Dropout, etc. Are classic n dope albums.
Best album ever! Changed my life, changed music!
Big brother was actually a dig at Jay after he didn't invite him too his show. Kayne had too supply his own tickets.
You did'nt explained how it changed music, just how it changed kanye's career.
Big Brother used to make me cry 😭 I miss this era so fucking much, I know Kanye has it in him to make something like Graduation again, MBDTF is considered his best work sonically but Graduation will always be my personal favourite
College dropout was his best album
Is it weird that I actually don’t like this album that much lol. Don’t get me wrong, I love his music but I prefer college dropout
I dont care what any of you say, but life of pablo was still fucking beautiful! and still goes up there with graduation.
Do a video about what hip hop talked about throughout the years.
to bad he gave travis the throne
the greatest album ever
Do a video on different beat producers love for Chrono Trigger samples. I hear it everywhere in rap.
that shit is classic!
Graduation is my favorite album by Kanye west
his best album hands down
kanye is the most consistent rapper ever , release one track , instant classic.
It's not rly that original it's heavily inspired by kid cudi
Love this album
This fucking masterpiece ❤️ , Flashing Lights 🔥
that was dope.
http://MoneyComeFirst.com/?ref=2635
PROUD KANYE FAN 😎
Good Morning is definitely my favorite track on Graduation.
I was bumping this album just yesterday, now upload this vid lmao goals
Best Kanye album imo and the second best hip hop album in history
Didn't like this album as much as the first two.
Didn't really say anything about how this record changed music
Fucking classic
0:17 musically is death 💀☠🔫
Kanye west changed fucking everything about hip hop
MBDTF>Graduation
KANYE IS GREATNESS.
Then Kanye starts bashing Taylor 😂😂😂
Kanye copied cudi
Favorite Kanye album
Jacques look like a bisexual Taye Diggs! 😂😂😂
man this guy sucks
Drunk and Hot Girls 🤤
Best channel on YouTube
My favorite Kanye album
why he so cute
4:48 jovs rich ass wearing crooks instead of real Versace lol
GOAT!!!!!!!
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ➨ http://tinyurl.com/ycc432sz
Great video my friend
I liked Drunken Hot Girls.
4:47 Look at Jay's shirt? Gambino inspiration?
...how did this mindless nonsense show up in my feed...
Looks very oily to me
RIP this comment section holy fucking shit
I bought this from Macy's (and got the free gift with purchase!) and I'm so excited to try it. I have dry skin so a lot of foundations do not work for me, I'm hoping this one does!
Last video with the lip ring! Hope the new Daith piercing helps with the migraines! Love the nose piercing! 😍
I'm so curious how many sephora points you have 😩 lol
by saying to give this video a thumbs up at the beginning, you get more thumbs up from me, than other youtubers that wait until the last few seconds of their video. Savvy!   I was thinking the eyes were nice.  I like when you do bolder looks (said the woman 7 shades of eyeshadow, no 8 shades, today).
You should try to mix this one with the original double wear!!! Give you a fuller coverage with a less cakey finish
Hi, is there any small youtubers want to support each other?
💕
I love this new ELDW foundation the finish is so pretty!!
I'm so excited for you that youre finally going on accutane, you deserve your clear skin and i cant wait for your transformation 💙💙💙
Awesome review!  I think I'm gonna give the Estee lauder foundation a try. ❤ Love this series of videos.
I love me some emo.
how often do you do the 15 Days of Foundation?
I bought that Lottie London foundation stick when I was just starting my make up phase. It nearly put me off for life!! It's soooooo bad!
Can you do a top 5 fav foundations of all time?
This shade looks almost like your skin tone!
You're my hero
Your face looks so pretty
This foundation made your skin look flawless and so healthy! This one is a keeper
I can't wrap my head around the fact that such high price foundation doesn't have a pump. For that money you should definitely get a pump!
Day 11 already! Love your videos.
The liquid Lottie London foundation I heard is much better!
I would love to see you review the Dior Forever foundation. I think since you have issues with longevity.. this one could work for you :)
I have been on acutaine for a few months now and I went from having extremely oily skin with cystic acne to a few regular blemishes here and there (still not done with taking the pills) but my face is so dry now! I can't use any of my matte foundations anymore and I basically have to switch up my entire routine. I would say it is still worth it though!
Oooh I like this one - the ELDWN not the LL!.  Is it my imagination or did the swatch of this look really similar to the swatch of the Dermacol 208?  Since that's my perfect shade, this cool bone one might be as well (at least in this formula anyway).  The same colour in the other formula being so different - I wonder if there was some sort of a mix-up and it was mislabeled since it looked so different (it actually looked way to yellow to be called cool anything).
How do you keep your teeth so white AND still drink coffee?! Taylor teach me your Taylaa ways!!!
I'm newer here. Does anyone know if she has her eyebrows microbladed? Even before make up they looked very dark and filled in. Just curious 😊
Curious, but does make up make ppl break out easier?
Your trending girl! Thats pretty awsome, also thanks for trying out another foundation instead of making this a short fail vid. Your hard work is def. Appreciated and acknowledged!!
Does anyone know if Taylor has tried the Double Wear Light? \nSharon Farrell here on YouTube says it's her favorite. She's lighter complected and has oily skin. Thinking Taylor might like it also...?\nBtw if you don't know Sharon, go check her out. She's a awesome! Does amazing vlogs too. I feel like a lot of Taylor's subscribers would like Sharon. Good for the smart, more mature audience.
i thought this was jaclyn hill in the thumbnail
I think this might be one of my favorites in 15 days of foundation 🙌🏼✨
Are you gonna do a video on fenty beauty foundation? I wanna know what shade you are
You're literally trending rn I love it
#25 trending when I came here to watch!
Girl! You're trending #25\nAlso that Estee Lauder foundation looks great!.
This foundation looked so pretty on you!! I gotta try it!!
FILM TUBE new Channel Frequency 💋💋❥❥❥👫💘😻💋💋
love how that foundation looks on your skin 💓 I want to purchase it now 😭
Why does it have to end!?!? 😭 #snapchatfam
The way you felt about that stick foundation is how I feel about the Fit Me stick foundation. Does everything you just described.
Wonderful review! The new Estee Lauder foundation looks beautiful! I liked the suttle shade difference too (for fair skin)! I'm definitely going to check it out. Thank you! 💛
I love Double Wear. It's my holy grail. I definitely want to try this out. What was going on with the Lottie London one☹️
One of the best shade matches ever!!
Your videos are often the best part of my day! So glad that even though your audience grows and you are so busy outside youtube, your spark, humor and dedication to making quality content never fade <3
You are very honest and I love that about your channel. Keepem comin
I loveee how much work you put into your channel 🙌🏻💖
The face you make when you get trolled 14:54
I was so excited to see this idea up early!
I kinda like the way you look better with medium coverage. It makes your skin look more natural I think.
the stick foundation looked drier than the sahara desert. wow.
That's so weird (the Lottie foundation) cause I have both of there's. The stick foundation is one of my favourite foundations plus it covers a lot! \n\nThough I do have fairly unblemished skin.
Really hope you'll be reviewing the new peach foundation from Too Faced!
is it sad I won't watch anyone else's review on the fenty foundation until I see Taylor's on day 13 cause her opinion's the only one I really care about😂
Yes on Trending!!!!! That's great Taylor! 💗💗
I am so ready for the fenty review!!! I know just about everyone I watch has enjoyed it but I'm still not sure if I wanna purchase it until I see the review here! If I can trust anyone's review 100% is from the baerrito fam.
Please review the new FENTY foundation!!!!
You should try out the nars velvet matte skin tint!!!!!
You can apply the Estée Lauder nude with ur finger tips
Yay trending! You go girl! 🌯🌯🌯
Test fenty Beauty foundation bbg!!
Trending woo
So happy you're trending!! 💕
#25 on trending!!! Congrats!!!❤️❤️👏👏
Your trending!💙
Damn girl you hit
You're trending ❤️❤️❤️
Trending!!
Nufe\nNude
You need to post the Fenty Beauty foundation review NOW you're number 21 on trending now, and you could get even more views and subscribers that you honestly deserve. The fenty beauty reviews are hyped right now and highly viewed.
Literally just got my sister addicted to 15DoF and she's not currently in bed at 1am watching your videos from January she's went that far back😂 #newbaerittos X love u girl xx
@thataylaa your eye twitches because of a lack of zinc. If you take a daily vitamin that says it has zinc in it and he still twitch then you need more zinc than that. Just wanted a while not every day.
25 on trending!!!!!!
You're trending:)
YAS girl! Congrats on trending!!!
Pls try kryolan supracolour and vitocolour foundations For me 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Dude your eyelashes cover your eyebrows! lol
Please review fenty beauty foundation !
SAIL!!
REVIEW FENTY BEAUTY PLEASE!!!!!!!
Eye twitch from aggravating foundation,  lol.   💦💦💦💦
Look who's TRENDING!! 👏🏻❤️
Our girl is treeeendinggggg 😁😁
iwant kiss you
YOU'RE TRENDING !!!
Ahhhhhhh you're trending!!!
Try fenty beauty foundation
Yeahhh  😍😄#17 on trending!!!!
Trending!!! #17 😀
#18 on trending...?! GET IT GURL!!!
#18 on trending!!
Hi Taylor love your channel watch your videos daily! :) I must say the first foundation was crap , but I have to say am I the only one who didn't like the Estee foundation on her ??? I thought it showed off her texture way too much and her skin looked uneven in color and it also made her pores show so much more with this foundation. I've seen plenty other foundations you tried look absolutely beautiful.on your skin but this one for me didn't do it for you .
Sub to my channel trying to reach 1 sub
EW ! This is why I have trust issues 😣
Your skin looks bad. I would NOT put ANYTHING on it. Eat pineapple and get some SUN! It will help kill the the acne causing bacteria and smooth your skin out. Fresh cut pineapple every other day for two weeks. And no makeup for two weeks.\n\nStart with that and you will need a lot less foundation!!
You're trending! So happy to see more people watching you! You deserve it 💁🏻💁🏻
Goddd I love your videosss!!!
Slag
Who was this Aristotle guy, who had the audacity to criticize those strong, independent womyn? Such blatant misogyny, thanks for defending their honor, good sir. Also, my wife's son loves your channel, he has learned so much, like we need immigration and diversity to avoid the fate of Sparta. Truly educational.
That 'informal meeting' with the Gerousia seems like a pretty obvious last chance for the accused to bribe the jury!
I love you guy who makes Historia Civilis
you need to talk less like a robot
This guy may be interested in history and is good at reciting it on video, but he sure doesn't learn anything from it.  He suggests the bringing in more immigration, or giving citizenship to non-spartans could have saved Sparta.  That's what we are doing now in the west, and it's failing.  That's what Rome did and it failed.  It would have failed in Sparta as well.  This fool doesn't see the reason Sparta's army dropped from 20,000 or so to 1,000 has everything to do with the  powerful women living luxurious lives.  The birthrate dropped tremendously.  This is what always happens when women get wealth and power.  Birth rates drop and you have two choices, either let you society slowly decline with the number of people you have or don't have, or import more people.  But importing more people brings on a different kind of decline.  Instead of just shrinking and loosing power, bringing in outsiders tends to change the culture to a totally new culture.  And if you had a powerful culture, it tends to change for the worse.  It seems the only weakness Sparta had, was having strong, empowered women.
Probably the most totalitarian shit hole that has ever existed.
Apparently the patriarchy wasn't working too well in Sparta even if feminists will try and claim that Sparta was full of toxic masculinity.  This really shatters the women have never started a war myth if the women had this much power.
so the spartans were a citiy state of fucking scumbags.
9:07 Is this the origin of the O5 council?
Great video, professional, researched and high quality as always
Fascinating - I thought I already knew a lot about Sparta but that was very informative. Pity you didn't cover the agogi, the fierce military selection and training programme that basically killed all the weaker kids. I imagine this is part of the reason Sparta declined in the long term - simply lack of people.
God damn, that was a good video.
20:32 there is some eye illusion going on with the boxes if you look closely. i  saw illusive circles in between boxes.\n\nNeverthless damn i enjoyed this video. Am getting homo on historia civils.
I think I know what happened to Sparta in terms of population decline. When a population has reached an economic comfort, they start producing less babies. In fact, they stop functioning efficiently after a while as a society as only seniors overtook the nation. The factors of the slaves population too may have factored in this.\n\nJust look at modern Europe, and njpw so many nations are now in population decline. There are towns and villages in Portugal that had han't had a newborn child in 30 years. Italy has been dealing with a population crises for decades despite being a relatively wealthy european country.  \n\nAnother angle might be what was seen in an experiment dealing with mice populations. It's rather jarring how the population of happily well fed mice suddenly imploded and how it had developed two distinct population types. \nhttp://io9.gizmodo.com/how-rats-turned-their-private-paradise-into-a-terrifyin-1687584457
Spoke the same language\n\nEeeeh... Kinda. Lakonian Greek still has some large differences in some areas.
Could you do a video on Persia now?
They had a intermediate class called Perioikoi; neither Citizens nor Slaves. I guess that makes them least disgusting natives. If wikipedia's minimal amount of information on them is to believed they seemed to be responsible for all the background economics and production. They were free to leave and run their own settlements, so maybe they just upped and left?
At 9:40 you talk about elected Ephor candidates being chosen at random from a pool. What is your source on this?
So they have\nAn illuminati\nAn insanely rich .01%\nPriests\nElectoral vote that doesnt mean shit\n\nAnd a highly millitary-oriented culture?\nAnd the louder side won the vote?\nHmmmmmm....sounds familiar...🤔
for a bunch of tyrants the spartans were remarkably democratic.
major loss of respect for the Spartans. A gynocentric society is a doomed society.
Wow, why did the country effectively run by women that promoted faggotry suffer a declining birthrate. If the Spartans had put women in their place and thrown faggots off of buildings, like, say, the Muslims do, they wouldn't have declined.
I'm a big consumer of videos from CGP Grey, Brady Haran's channels, and Tom Scott. But this is possibly the most interesting YouTube video I've ever seen.\n\nSo nice to see a more substantive explanation of Sparta than Warrior societies be crazy, yo.
If you can accept a permanent class of F'd people, Sparta had the greatest government ever known.
Sounds like the demise of the Spartans held the same fate of Egyptian rulers. They only could create a family of their heritage. There was no immigration. It could have been... well... the genetic defects that occur due to generations of family blood not diverse enough to create a healthy offspring. So inbreeding... Life spans could have dwindled lower and lower until the genes were too common the children could have effected the estimated maximum lifespan...
It's weird that The men sacrificed their lives to sustain Sparta and yet it usually ended up being Daughters and Wives who reaped the benefits. It's also probable that these wealthy women didn't need to remarry and so they lived a life of luxury while their state crumbled around them and their population decreased. Welp that sounds just like Murica.
Dickhead.  The  oricals were basically an ancient cia agency
Thank you so much. Your videos are always a pleasure to watch.
Sparta had a system where the power was always compounded into richer families on the matralinial side, creating a decay of private land and an overriding and hindering political force  in the Garusia (SP). The idea is that if you were a male and lived long enough to be in the Garusia, you probably married with a very rich Heiresses just by a sheer process of elimination or politicking.  This leaves the defacto power in the hands of those marriages where land, wealth, and political power are all in the same place. Those in power in this system wouldn't want reforms that would curtail their power despite it being necessary to maintain a citizen army and uphold mandates stated in their constitution. The disparity of wealth and resources between poorer and wealthy land/slave owning spartan citizens would only grow. We see a society of equals within the same class with vastly disproportionate resources.\n\nThere is no reason not to suggest that at some point this system failed to institute a very popular (or necessary) reform and a citizenry (trained as warriors) took action either to change or defend the status quo. This is just a theory, but a number of civil wars in Sparta would likely have a whole lot of casualties. The forces would likely line up as: many Common Spartans amassing against a larger slave army corralled by the upper class Spartans and their allies. Not only would many die in this event, but the kind of animosity that would grow between families and classes would ultimately create a disillusionment with the whole system thereby only wearing down greater authority.  \n\nEventually, lands and settlements would begin to just opt out of the system, perhaps holding their land by force or attaining foreign allies. We would see lands once controlled by Spartans begin to forge their own independent identity away from the city-state. Without the functioning society, those who held the power through these times would essentially just be left with whatever land they held on to nearer to the city and spread over larger land meaning less people in their control. \n\nThis theory does not mean things like disease and natural disasters could not have contributed to it, but it was much more likely the governing body no longer served the majority of people, and would likely have done the opposite, creating animosity among a large number of people who were trained to make war from birth.  Its a powder keg waiting to happen.
Finally got my internet on after hurricane Irma, this is the first thing I go to haha. Yay Historia Civilis!!!
what's ommited from this video is the brutality of the educational system for the young, the abuse that women had to endure - including those that were able to accumulate wealth, and the constant state of fear that prevaded the life of the state. read plutarch if you want to know more
You sir just earned a sub! Great video.
They declined in the later years because they got wiped out in all the wars.
The Fers... Sounds appropriate for a group of politicians.
Should be a giant slab of stone with FUCK. EAT. DESTROY. Written on it
Who is zenofon?? It's called Xenophon. X like ks not like z. If they wanted to call him zenofon they would use z not x. They use x so it should sound like x.
Thank you for the video.  Could you do one concerning money in ancient Greece, Italy and poss Persia? What kind existed? Who controlled it, and do on.
Unsurprising then that they too got undone.\n\nAristotle was perfectly right. The women this produced were factually incapable of being mothers. A broken system that died by not being capable to produce what made it great:\nelite warriors.
The Spartans are group of people that we're kinda fucked up, but still i'm in awe.
I believe the State was in charge of Spartan war orphans, so they could have added the strong babies from slaves to this group and educate both from scratch to Spartan culture. Then add them all to the citizens to stabilise population decline. If they were caught the babies could have always been a product of a Spartan citizen with a slave, obtaining some legitimacy.
You forgot a 4. point about the Ephores and significant changes to legislation. Because its a small community and every man voted and (could)serve(d), change mayhaps happend gradually over a period of year. So one group started it with a small change and the following continued it (or put it on hold) until it was done. No hurry, we will finally get to the point. \n\nOr it really never happend and that would be truely incredible because its so unlike humans behave.
The way you bring those little squares and rectangles alive is amazing, feels like the history channel on a budget and with a narrator who feels personal. Thanks for the content!
It seemed like an ideal system except for the Gerousia.
Wow great video I was always curious to how mighty Sparta fell but it didn't it just withered away
15:00 Hmm... Wonder if that kind of tendencies have been observed in members of other strict societies while abroad?
I remember my History Professor that a Spartan mother would rather want his son to die in war than go home alive where they lost the battle. After watching this video, I think they just want the wealth for themselves. Girls will be girls.
lol Spartans should've had immigration. lmao\n\nstfu\n\nLast thing you need is immigration.
the Spartan wife, the original Dominatrix.
I enjoy these.
Ancient Sparta sounds like it has many similarities to modern day Israel and American Jews.
I do not believe any form of reform would've saved Sparta. Towns, nations and people die. Sparta didn't die because it didn't let people in. By that logic any human settlement left alone should die out yet native tribes lived in isolation without reform for millennia. Sparta died a demographic death. Caused by something but not it's demographics. Demographics reflect the society. While immigration could've kept the area inhabited it would no longer be Sparta merely whatever new culture arose. Sparta lived as Sparta and died as Sparta. It was slowly taken out by the tides of history. Immigration or demographic changes unless ones that improve native Spartans births would've killed Sparta either way.
Love that theme music!
So women are the 1 %?
There is a saying in my country 'Better a grave than a slave', the Spartan society is a great reminder of that.
As usual very good and informative video. Suggestions for future videos:\n\nI would suggest cutting down on the colorful outburst, like weird or super weird when describing something that isn't understood. Also suggest cutting down on the judgement of what what was clever management 2400 years ago, or elevating it with more clever perspectives. \n\nDescribing matters in these terms, as done in this video makes the maker of the video seem slightly naive, thus lowering the level of this otherwise somewhat academic channel. It is simply unnecessary and doesn't add to the video. Other that this I really enjoy your videos and the graphics. I've seen many of them several times. Cool style. Hope you understand I mean well and wish for you to gain more academic recognition.
Some of the virtue signalling posts in this comment section are...
>Let more imigrants\nI see what you did there, Goldberg
hahaha that green square at 5:40 casually throwing gold at the peasants as she passes on by
women being greedy even in Sparta? I'm shocked!...smh
1. Kill or be killed\n2. Memorise that law well.
did they eat the sacrificed animals?
The end of this video had me like... haha fuck those Spartan savages!\nROMA INVICTA!
The Gerousia essentially ran Sparta. They decided what laws were passed, if the Kings had broken any laws,  and what laws were even considered to be voted upon. These Gerousia being divided up between the Royal Houses just goes to prove that Sparta was not even remotely close to a Democracy, or at least a good one, even despite voting.
Where did you get all of this information? Xenophon's book?\nI checked for it and it was at least $160 U.S and at most $210
Wasn't defeated by Helot Up Rising or a bunch of Angry Greeks? Come on man. By the time of the Romans, the Spartans were nothing because THEY WERE DEFEATED by Helots and Greeks. The lives lost during the Peloponnesian war and during the Thebes War had the spartans crushed, reducing their population. Then the helots rebelled and reduced their land in half. That was literally why the Spartans lost. Sure reform would be nice but they were THE super power in greece for hundreds of years. By the time the Romans came, that was hundreds of years later. Sparta would have been better if they didn't pursue the vacuum of power that Athens left. They should have stuck to their isolationist foreign policy that they always had and slowly expand like they always had.
Has there always been this many channers on this side of YT?
Did you really propose immigration as a solution to Spartan problems? No sir. Immigration was the cause of demise to all ancient governments including the Romans.\n\nOne thing you forget to mention about the Spartan society is how obssesed they were with economic disparity. To force sobriety they would accuse one another of undeclared wealth which would force them to pay for the city's infrastructure and reforms. They wasted tons of money trying to hide it so they weren't particularly keen to the rigurous system, but it was their city so while this was true they didn't care. The Spartans had an excelent system but it was too expensive.\n\nTheir problem was like any other greek kingdom. Economics. The  fall of the Delian League left the Spartans with too much land to rule under a centurial system concieved for just the Peloponnese. This created political instability, poor quality foreign governments and eventually famine, with the exception of Macedon, Greece became a shadow of its former self.\n\nSurrounded by a cilmate of dire economic conditions the Spartans unable to support the growing inflation suddenly percieved the life outside of the strict highly expenssive Spartan society was increasingly more appealing, and began to leave the city for a live of carelessness who gets it keeps it free for all, until eventually were but some few thousand men inside Sparta to keep it safe.
You left out the Theban invasion, which helped many helots break free
The giant red block at the end is so emblematic of the Romans
How many Spartans does it take to change a lightbulb?\n800. One to force a Perioeci to change it, and 799 to prevent a Helot uprising.
You have just earned a sub. Good work.
love the channel thanks :D
Massive wealth disparity is still uncool, even when it is in the name of female empowerment.
A very nice video. It would have been interesting if you went into the Periokoi as well, and the Spartans without citizenship. As a Spartan had to fullfill certain requirements to be a citizen and the inheritance system meant fewer and fewer citizens could exist as more and more land went to a few people. Also I think a distinction should be made between Laconian Helots and Messenian Helots, the former were always more loyal as Sparta was their state. Tough laws against Helots also seem to have only appeared after several Messenian Helot revolts and were probably not part of the original constitution.
Men with balls of steel.
lmfao ephors
Whatchu lookin at, Ephor?
Sparta: land of gold diggers
Dude plz make lots of videos.
Just sayin', it's xenophon, not zhenophon.
5:40 corruption drive-by xD
A new historia civilis video?  OHBOY OHBOY OHBOY
Mother-Ephors!
Still pretty good constitution.
Ma guy! Fuckin love these vids.
outro music so dank, great video
Gerusia optical illusion lmfao
Wow, they're freaks! :v
increasing immigration rate Globalist neo-liberal scum detected. Unsubbed
So in a nutshell sparta was an oligarchy
I thought Athens was more important?
I once called my teacher a helot. She took it to heart and went back to college and get a degree in business.
Those mother EPHORS!\n😂 couldn't resist.
There's so much interesting history that's been lost in time.
SPARTANS!WHAT IS YOUR PROFESSION?\n\nAAAAAOUOUOUOUOOUUOU      AAAAAAAAAOUOUOUOUOU       AAAAAAAAOUOUOUOUOU\n\nWhat kind of profession is that?\n\nIt sounds like(Americans) reacting to a slight injury.
So according to Spartan myth they were invaders, conquerors, and occupiers. \nIs there any evidence of where they actually came from? Or if they were just there all along and a certain set of the population (Spartans) dominated the other (Helots)? \nAnything?\nAnd on a completely unrelated note: 20:19 anyone else see dots appearing between the Gerousia?
I wish your presentations looked less like they are design to appeal to kids or historical illiterates and use more sophisticated imagery you have at hand while using Internet.
how dare you call Aristotle lame...
BCE??? Befor christ, not this antihistorical communist BCE.
So the spartans were passive as fuck, didn't develop or create anything that rocked its foundations? Such a shame to see a powerful by all rights kingdom of people wither away.. Then again the Romans put an end to nearly every other civilization so it's no surprise
Thank you for sharing this aspect of your life with us Dodie. It takes a special kind of strength and you are helping thousands that won't have the resources to work out all these details for themselves.
i don't suffer with depersonalisation/derealisation but this video was SO interesting as someone who literally envies kati's job (i'm doing a BSc honours degree in 'psychology with counselling' so maybe one day i'll be a licensed counsellor/therapist!!!) and as someone who has depression and anxiety/ptsd. love love love your mental health vids dodie x
So uh\n\nWhat's In The Middle about?
My Derealisation is also 24/7 and sometimes (mostly in the evenings) my body just feels like its not mine. \nIt is hard to find some sort of treatment because I have no idea where it came from. Then again I think it is also intertwined with depression just like Dodie said. \nIt is now at the point where I can't imagine how it was to not feel like I'm in a dream.
This entire video is SO informative and good! The thing I personally really latched onto was when you were talking about where derealization/depression/anxiety are in the brain. Because I get headaches in one specific spot when I've had an especially anxious week and it's the spot you mentioned anxiety lives; I've always wondered if they were connected!
i've always been quite socially anxious, even at a small age. recently i have experienced depression (still have) and derealization. it's shit. I never thought it could be like this; i didn't expect it at all
i went through a time like last year where i think i had derealization and i cannot imagine having to go through it all the time, like this queen named dodie
The marble explaination is scarily accurate, one that is very big for me is like if I find a perfume I wore at a period of time and steel it it brings me straight back to how I was feeling at the time and it's very scary
I also thought that dissociation is like your brain in stress is like well,,, if you ain't leaving I sure am lol bye enjoy your exam xox
WOW this was so educational! Thank you for making a video about this. People should be more aware of these mental illnesses and know how to handle it when they encounter someone with it.
I've always wondered, what does her arm tattoo say?
Fuck this therapist seems like an incredible person.
I used to think I might have DPDR but then realized I just dissociate when I'm under a lot of stress or have a panic attack sooo... Thank you so much for talking about this! Way more people need to know about it.
Coming from someone involved in Psychology. This is beautifully described 😍 I love this! Katie you have a follower!
So apt that the advert that popped up is that movie downsizing, as when i go into DP/DR limbo, i get this weird feeling of altered perception of size and spacial \n\nP.s, intregued to see how cbt goes for you on the disassociative front, as i dont feel it'd help me, but could maybe take inspiration if it helped someone else 👍🏽
Honestly think this is one of my favourite videos you've ever done. It was so informative and it helped me understand derealisation/depersonalisation (which I too suffer from) far better than how doctors have explained it to me.
Ok I've been off YouTube for a couple of days now. But I think I never clicked on a video as fast as I did as I just saw you and Kati in the screenshot.\nSo glad about what you both do for so many people, keep doing that. xo
Hey Dodie! \nI have anxiety and panic issues and I related to this a lot. I really enjoyed this video as it was talking openly about mental health which is usually avoided. I just wanted to tell you I love you and this video. (your music is always on report) \nThank you so much x\n-Anouk \nAlso were did you get your glasses they're so beautiful!!
thank you for the video, dods♡\nI've been having trouble identifying myself and have been getting my dreams and reality mixed up, like i remember seeing something somewhere but idk if it was a dream or reality. I think I might have a lil bit derealisation but maybe not because my understanding of english isn't that great lol. But at least now I know more about my brain and the things that happen to me so I won't get too panicked the next time I space out(usually when I space out it gets really weird and everything's blur but very clear at the same time, and everything moves so quickly but in a not very smooth way(?) and I get scared like What the heck happened to this world whAt) so yeah thanks for the vid dods♡♡\nsorry for ranting and talking about myself too much here haha but I felt like I needed to♡
Can you only get this only when you're happy and feel perfectly fine
I experienced this sort of, after my dad died and my life changed a lot (going to uni, moving away). But it wasnt so strong, just feeling like this wasn't my 'old normal life' and so it just wasn't real. It has gone away mostly now I am busier and seeing friends more. I don't think it was exactly the same but just dissociating and spacing out.
interesting. i zone out a lot but never heard of that, i thought everyone else had these moments.  there are many times where i'm brought to reality and i'm looking straight at a professor who's asking me a (sometimes not even important ) question or nodding their heads reassuringly, and then i realise i was out (in classes that i really like). the touching really works as well, it brings me back in a blink of an eye (i'm not a touching person all the time).\nthank you for this video! i tend to tell myself it's all a matter of concentration but i don't know. weird thing is i think my brother has the same issue, worse when he's asleep/sleeping (i can't tell really)
Going tru DP and DR last week and i feel horrible ='( i have moments in the day i feel myself i think..i feel confident and doing normal things, but the rest of the day just sucks. it gets worse ate end of the day/night but gets better if i stay awake longer cause i like the silence of the night (does this make sense)? also love the silence int he early morning..\nI have a lot of traumas..this year i had two big ones..and i just letf a job that i hated, and now i dont have a routine and i also hate that. I think i'm just too confusing as a person and i'm always thinking in every possible scenario..\nGreat video btw
Wow, this was pretty eye opening. I always thought the therapist I had went to when I was younger was doing a weird type of CBT which had stopped me from seeking help again in the future cause I hated it so much, but I think it was EMDR instead. Something in your video just clicked and made me look it up and holy shit this changes things. I have been avoiding going to therapy again cause my previous one made me feel like I had to say something after each section and that I was somehow failing it. I might go back now...
DODIE WHERE DID YOU GET YOUR GLASSES PLEASE
I think I have derealisation and I think I have for alot of my life. For me because of this school can make me quite anxious and to hide how I'm feeling I just tend to act up around my friends and be confident and obnoxious and be a goof because then I don't have to deal with it. I definitely don't have a full blown anxiety disorder though. I think because i feel like I'm always dreaming, I get anxious that I'm going to bump into to someone or say the wrong thing. That sort of thing. And to ground me, I always have my gryffindor  scarf as being a huge potter head (and proud) Having a harry potter item helps me to ground and focus.
I was really stressed in the past week and I felt really tired even though I was sleeping really well. I got this notification and didn't want to watch it, I was really sad I just wanted to sleep. So I finally watch and realised how helpful this is. Thank you.
I have depersonalisation and take 175 mg sertraline
Hey dodie my advise from a tall guy from Luxembourg. MORE ASMR all the time 24/7 :D
she shares a resemblance to  chloë sevigny in looks and in the way she speaks aswell as her tone of voice, great vid dods
I kept breathing today. I want all of you to keep breathing too.
Dear Dodie, \nyou two are true angels and just saved my day. I had really bad anxiety and epsiodes of DR and DP within the last weeks. I suffer from this for about a year now. Even though it is better now than when it first started, my life has changed for the worse ever since I collapsed on the grass in a park last summer (first severe panic attack out of nowhere).\nNormally I'm not that sentimental but this video made me cry because I feel so understood from both of you! \nI try to explain it to my friends and they are wonderful and listen but they don't understand what it means to not live in reality and to not feel your own body from time to time. It is a struggle and it is very real..\nDodie I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for bringing awareness to this mostly unknown condition. It means so much to all of us that suffer!\n\nThank you and keep going strong. We know how hard it is. You can do it. We can do it! ❤
I think one of the most difficult things for me to understand with my own dp/dr is that you need other people. You cannot solve disconnection through isolation.\nAlso, YES. If a friend puts their hand on my back or an arm around my shoulder or something like that...it's so grounding that I almost immediately want to burst into tears. Very powerful.
Thank you so much for talking about this so openly. It has made me realise a lot about myself and my own mental health issues. I didn't realise that a lot of stuff that goes on in my head is actually derealisation and a lot of my stuff is anxiety related but you being so open has really helped me, so thank you. Sending lots of love. Xxxx
Dodie i add spanish translation for this video.....plz give them a look.
It's weird because everything spoken about in this video is how I feel 24/7 but I ain't gonna self diagnose. I mean yes, I have been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety but I dunno, I'm on meds and they help alot, with some stuff but I dunno :| at least I guess I'm not alone?
I almost started crying while watching this video because I felt so relieved to have someone clearly explain what I have been feeling for over a year now. I never fully understand why I felt so drawn to Dodie but I think it's because I related to her so much and this further proves that. Thank you for putting yourself out there and talking about something that society has deemed inappropriate to mention in public.
this is so helpful!! thank you
I have dissociation and derealization all the time. I don't remember the first half of my life because of it... it feels like you're super drunk and you can only recall small snippets of the night while forgetting other parts because you've blacked out.
It's the first time I'm hearing about the term derealisation and I realised that this could be the word for those weird moments where everything felt like a dream. I do not experience such moments very often, but there were a few situations in my childhood and also at two parties when I was a bit drunk. Those moments which felt like a dream always happened at night when it was dark outside and when there were many people around me. I hate it when this happens, but thankfully it only happened about 7 times in my life. This seems so strange to me, because what could be the reason for those moments of derealisation?
I've experienced that a couple of years ago, and it was just terrifying. I had no idea of what was going on and I thought I was about to lose my mind. Now I see I'm not alone. Thank you for sharing that.
this is so helpful, thank u so much~ glad i'm not the only one feeling this way.
I just cannot be really really happy when I should. Like, even if something amazing happens I just cannot feel the happiness, even if everyone around me is happy. It's weird, and partially sad, but I often have mood swings switching between super-happy and the can I just shut down my self-sabotaging brain mood.
Well..... I've learnt a lot... HeLpMe
My doctor prescribed me 50mg Sertraline for anxiety, taking that tablet was one of the worst experiences ive ever had. It was horrendous. The side effects are not worth it.
does anyone else feel 'numbness' in yr arms or whatever like it not there BUT it is there? idk some1
So I think I have this?? I don't really know, I want to talk to my mom but sometimes she´s like you are just finding out diseases that you see on the internet or stuff like that and this really sucks because I can't enjoy my life when I'm spaced out and I really hate it.\nThank you so much for doing this video, I'm going to show this to my mom and ask her for help<3
For the first time I dissociated an event this last week. A friend was in a car accident and i witnessed it all in my rearview. It was terrifying- I thought he was dead. I vividly remember detail and images, but throughout the experience never felt present. Even now a week later It doesn't feel like an even that happened. I wonder if derealisation is something that ive had, and this event only magnified it. For some time now I feel somewhat absent minded, and can't remember most of my day or week. Only more recently have I looked into it more but I dont know where I am as far as set label i guess.
I don't know what I have like I always have time slip through my one ear and the other like I can't remember simple things like conversations I had today and when I look in the mirror for to long I look different, like not myself. Does anyone know what I have?
This is very helpful!! I have a dissociative disorder (including derealization/depersonalization) and it's very nice that you opened up about it!! DR/DP is very scary to experience sometimes and it's great that you're spreading knowledge.
@doddleoddle Derealization is talked about in the song Anziety by Logic, if you haven't heard it. Thank you for making this video <3
This was so informative and helpful. That shattered marble like clicks perfectly to what sets me off sometimes. I hope that I can find a group near me to just feel the same around and talk about it.
this was a really helpful video!!! thank u dodie
This is a strange state to be in. I feel dead inside..like I'm in a sort of purgatory...just observing unable to participate..for me it started out very vibrant, clairvoyant and i was full of life (for the first time) for about 2 months..then it cascaded into this place of isolation and disconnectedness. Calling it depression isn't quite right...because that would be a sensory experience.
THIS WAS EXCELLENT IM DEFINITELY SUBBING HER
I immediately recognised Kati from that one Always open episode that I put in my then-newly-established Important things playlist. So now I have a ton of collab videos in my watch later playlist... Time to get to watching ~
one of the first medications I tried was Zoloft, and it didn't work for me at all. I've been on medication since I was about 13 or 14, and I didn't find (what I think is) the right medication until I was about 16, and even now, my doctor checks with my medication and considers changing my cocktail of meds! :) i'm afraid of therapies like TCMS because I'm not really familiar with it and I'm afraid that it will be dangerous! I've only tried CBT, and I didn't feel like it worked for me. I am trying a new therapist at the end of the month, though, so we'll see how that goes!
I'm pretty darn sure I don't have any of these but I still experience this stuff on occasion. Is that normal? Just like sudden moments of self-awareness like I am a human I could be seeing colors that are not anyone else's colors what does water taste like and weird stuff like that, but not very often.
i had a panic attack today in class and i didnt know what was going on but now i know it was dissociation
i remember seeing a post on tumblr of the behaviors of depersonalization and it hit me that this could be what was wrong with me. i researched it for like a week and saw myself in almost all of the signs. i brought it up to my mom and she didn't even ask why i thought i felt this way. all she said was you can't believe everything you see on the internet i'm still very sure i suffer from this. i don't even recognize myself in the mirror or pictures anymore. i almost caught myself asking my friend who this strange girl was in our group photo. i'm so so tired. and i don't know what to do.
when Kati said mindfulness, it made me wonder ... have you tried/considered trying meditation?
Wow this explains so much for me. I've struggled with all of these due to mental illness and trauma since I was a child. Thank you for this video.
When my derealization gets really bad I become paranoid about if my reality is real and feel like I'm trapped in a dream and I'm on the brink of lucidity in the dream, just not quite there. I focus on specific things happening in the environment and with my body and tell myself these are the things I will remember from the dream when I wake up (but I am awake, so when I'm asleep). As a writer, most of the stories I write involve parallel/multi-layered realities, so I've labeled my derealization as moments of inspiration because I'm in the head space of the stories I write.
i think i have this ??? a few days ago after an assembly at school i got up and went to class but as soon as i started writing everything seemed so blurry and i couldn't get my brain to process that everything was real and i felt like i was in a dream. ppl's voices seemed far away and i felt like i couldn't move but when i did it hurt really bad. and after the bad part stopped i  just felt so empty ?? i didn't feel like i could really fEEEL my emotions the whole day + everything that had happened didn't feel real and it made me feel so empty and disconnected for the rest of the day. + it's been happening quite often since then. welp that's enough of dec ranting bye ✨💖🌙
i am soooooo happy that dodie talks about this. this helps me soooo much. just the fact you can recognize these things and not feeling alone! im soo happy with this! there are no words for the gratefullness i feel right now. i love you for that
i have derealisation/depersonalisation and i've heard from so many different places that the best thing to do is to talk to someone, but i don't have anyone to talk to. i feel like none of my friends would take me seriously, or even think i made this up for attention. what should i do?
I do this, I didn't know it was a thing! I used to do it subconsciously, zone out when I got stressed, but I've trained myself to do it manually.
Thank you so much for explaining, now i understand it better and i dont feel like a drama queen or something anymore
Fastest 10.5 minutes of my life
been a waitin for this
She is so incredibly interesting! I could listen to her for hours. and this video kinda explains what I've been feeling for a while. ❤️
i get something familiar sometimes. i sometimes feel like i've gone numb and i feel slightly 'spaced out'. it's confusing :/
Thank you so much, Dodie. I have been struggling with this for so long and it comforts me to know that I'm not the only one out there.
This was really helpful, thank you!
I have a few kinda medium-sized rather recent traumas, and my therapist did this emdr-esque thing with me when I was having like, constant derealization and flashbacks multiple times a day for weeks where we'd talk about it and then when I'd get too deep and start not to be there she'd stop me and we'd talk about something that gives me comfort in really vivid detail. It was incredibly helpful and my flashbacks basically stopped after that, even though the stimulus that was causing them got worse.
EMDR is so frigging strange. I did it and it worked but man, that was a weird experience.
Hi Dodie, do you think you would be able to keep the text on the screen for a little longer if possible? I never have time to read it all! 🙈 love your videos and thank you for posting stuff like this. I don't suffer from any mental health disorders, but I always find it so interesting hearing about it from a first hand experience!
I took Zoloft a few years ago and it made me way worse. I've tried a few other medications over the years that have really helped and made a huge difference, so I really hope you find a good fit for you! <3
I love you both ! Great video !
THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO
It''s so wonderful to hear anyone talking about derealization on such a big platform, thank you so much.
I just realized I must have something like this. Omg.
wow that was useful. whenever i had dissociation, i would call it dreamscape because everything felt floaty and dreamy but in a bad way.
I have derealization all the time as well and it is so comforting to know I'm not the only one thank you.
YAY KATI!!!! I can't believe you two collabed!!! This made me so happy when I saw this video in my sub box
Awwe I'm so proud of Dodie. She has learned to talk about mental health without over sharing.
I have derealization and depersonalization and it's really hard but your videos help me.
thank you for making me be more aware. thank you for making me research and learn. i love you. thank you.
I think beginning to try and get out of your state ( whatever your problem is, wether it's depersonalisation/realisation or anxiety ) is the first step and maybe hardest, for some people, towards healing...
loved the description of the childhood little Ts as i've never really thought about it in that way before!
This comforted me I haven't recover since something that happened 2 years ago and to bring my brain back too! ❤️ \nI get headaches and anxiety too! And I fiddle so much and fidgeting since recovering from my trauma but I also might have ADHD too and still have derealisation too but I'm not diagonised but I know I have been going through depersonalisation for 2 years
Omg Dodie for computing we were doing this blog thing on a musician we could choose so I chose you and then my teacher asked if I was doing you and she said that she used to teach you! I'm fangirling omg 😂😅❤️
I don't know if I have it but I used hunger to try to feel but I have to eat now and I feel horrible 😖
Hey Dodie, I recommend you look into headspace for some meditation and mindfulness Xxx
i'm so glad you talk about this!!\ni've been struggling with derealization for like 2 years, triggered by weed. at first i thought it was because of something in weed that caused it, but it's the same (permanent) derealization as everyone else. now i know that i need to talk about surpressed things that happened in the past... it's kinda hard to remember or to talk about these, but maybe i'll just talk to my best friend about this - thanks for talking about this and spreading awareness, this is really important.\ni'll go check out kati's channel now :)
Welp I relate
I rarely comment on videos when on YouTube as I have a lot of anxiety surrounding interaction with people at any level, online or in person but I wanted to share this poem I wrote some time ago, and this community always seems so nice. I think it describes some of the feelings I was going through at one time in my life and watching your videos has made me think I may have been experiencing some form of depersonalization....\n\nIs this face mine?\nIt blinks in time with I\nWhen blue it too sinks, to a sadly painted hue\nIn its cheeks\n\nAnd as I, walk and talk my way through time\nIt too ages with the mind\nforming every crease and every line\nI question still:\nI may be real but is this face mine?\nOr is it merely borrowed to one day be returned?\nTo trade in all that I have loved and all that I have learned\nFor another soul to grow old,\nOnly to ask a question asked through time\nIs this face truly mine?
I think my worst problem with experiencing derealisation(other than ya know, dissociating for weeks at a time) is that I know exactly what triggered it but it wasn't traumatizing in any way. It was like a switch in my brain which caused panic attacks that lasted so long that I numbed my emotions into derealisation and it's just confusing.
Really enjoyed watching this video. I don't have depersonalisation or anything but hearing kati talk about some of those things were so interesting and make me really want to study psychology. I went through and read to comments and so many people are saying they're struggling. I know this won't help or do anything but I'm so sorry you're having a hard time <3 I hope you get the help you need and I do believe that everything will turn out okay <3 xxx
I have depersonalization, I am so glad I'm not alone! Can't belive you had this too!
He can aim like a god in ow but can't put pepper in a fkn bowl lmao
Episode 2 : Mickie Pad Thai
This food gives you Accuracy+50
I love it! More EnVy Eats please! :D
He is a cook!
Do we get better aim w these meatballs?
taimou needs to grow a beard
4:39 my favorite part
PMA(postive meatball attitude)
Taimou's meatballs is da Best
говномесы
More of this omfg yes!
If we use your recipe will we all become grandmaster?
That where you should use salt
what the fuck is that tv in the background? THIS IS 2017!
the views on this type of videos
*watches in Swedish* those are to big! But damn do I want that sauce!
can effect make a kimchi?
next is micky cook thai food, please.
I don't know why this is a thing but give me more of it.
Ack!  Curl your fingers when you are chopping ... last thing you need is a missing digit bro!
I'm crying like when I play overwatch RIP
If you cook this your aim will increase by 69%.
No offense, but the recipe could use some tweaking.  You should add 1/4 cup of bread crumbs to the meat mix and sear it first so it has a good crust and develops flavor. Then bake it.
I use the same salt as you does this mean I'm good as you in ow
Looking forward to more videos, Teach these Gamers how to cook :)
i wanna see reactions from when the rest of the team eat it
I'm from Sweden and I take offends to this way of cooking meatballs.\n\nKappa.
I love Taimou and I love NV this is so great
Those captions tho \n\nSeriously though top notch work NV can't wait for episode 2
Why the fuck did I watch this? XD
PMA is giving this man so much success. InFiNiTe KnOwLeDgE
I swear i love the team envy channel😂❤
If you tear up from onions then that means your knife isnt sharp enough
WHY DO I WATCH THIS? ? ?
Great  content! The scream at end make me smile, great attitude and seems like a chill dude. #mcm
next time make the other teammates try pls!
WHERE IS THE LAMB SAUCE?!
Taimou the GOAT  of everything !
I want to see any of the CS squad making baguettes
The way he saws the onion with the knife was cringy. Just slice through it, Taimou. :)
I got stoned last night and dreamt you made me these Timo.
I love how EnvyUs does these non-gaming videos to let us get to know the players even more! Can we get Mickie to cook some Pad Thai next lol?
How did Taimou knows that burned heavy cream taste like ass?Maybe he has ate someone ass before.
keep those fingertips curled back. Don't overwork the meat either or it makes it tough
wow taimou is so talented\nnot only is he #1 mercy NA he's also #1 chef NA
That's the coolest thing I've ever seen
2:36 i guess you can say he's beating the meat\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI guess I'll see my way out then.
lmao who does expected such video came out
He cook, he eat, but most of all he dont retreat.
That's one real finn😂😂👌 \nIf he wouldn't be a gamer he would be a cook
i like this, pls more
Timo make a small slice through the outer layer of the onion and it all peels off at once
Tbh this channel should just turn into a reality show, showing the daily lives of the team members.
Тефтельки от Тайму😍
Kimchi With Effect:)
Nice
oh my god
Infinite Pma and knowledge.
taimous the best xd
Perunamuussi ja lihapullat Kreygasm
What...
First thoughts...\n\n\n\nthey are retards!
Naisu cooking, thigh-moo!
EnVy Eats - Episode 2- Taimou Style Sausage
cocco and a burger pls
So normal meatballs with lemon pepper?
Taimou's balls
So cuteeeee
PMA TAIMOUUUU
Shank mince
This was sooo baaaad haha :D
Now we need the cocco lasagna
Hahahahah wtf is this
Eat my balls.
looks fire bro
I wanna Taimou Cooking Show!
PMA
Episode 2: RpK Tank Recipe
PMA Cooking
yyyeeeeeaaah boooooi
Incoming Zen skin with Taimou's meatballs.
no aspie taimou? boring.
Tasty balls. lol
Good guy Taimou
6:03 I thought taimou had good reflexes
love it boi
How IKEA meatballs are made
Mr. Good Meatball
1:48
I apologize early\n(Finnish: pyydän anteeksi etukäteen...)\n\n\nBut...\nWHERES THE LAMB SAUCE?!?!🗯️🗯️💣💣💥💥
What the fuck
Taimou is a legend
Moooooooore
You >>>>> Gordon RAMSY :-)
Looks good as hell!!
taimou ball rofl
yeah lets go! hell yeah!!!
fkn love tiamou
Needs more salt
The killers never fail to amaze me. Thanks for uploading!!
Maaaaaames! Estas ganas de escuchar Wonderful Wonderful yaaa!
Awesome song! Here's a review with the lyrics explained as best as I could understand them numusicview.wordpress.com/2017/09/15/the-calling-live-debut-from-the-killers-and-woody-harrelson/
Thank you so much for uploading. This one was my fave of the night
My new jam I love it
Depeche Mode copy cat
Perfect! Thanks for sharing!
Amazing.
awesome thanks
Pedazo de canción!!! Poooota!
Una pregunta es nueva canción?????? Alguien sabe??????
they are going to get sued by ripping Pesonal Jesus from Depeche Mode
BEFORE I GET A MILLION COMMENTS ABOUT IT, YES I KNOW THE FOUNDATION DOESN'T MATCH! It looked really great in the beginning but obviously oxidized to be WAYYYY to dark by the end of the video. In front of all of my studio lights I couldn't tell but it's very obvious on camera. I love the foundation but will definitely be picking up a lighter shade!
I NEED THIS FENTY SET DANGGGG I NEED IT ALL!!!!
So relaxing to stare at his face .. sorry😓😓😌😌😍😍
Lol who has the money to buy 4, fenty foundations 😂😭
FENTY is and was created for WOMEN & PEOPLE OF COLOR.
He talks so fast and sounds scripted
why   does everyone hate on him?
7:29 that totally fell right?\nFirst forgetting your shade then the camera dying; sister, you're having a rough day!
looking orange,pink or whatever, James still looking great !😍🤷🏽‍♀️
I'm not hating that u got u got the wrong shade I was just laughing when u said 260 cause and I was like NAHH u ain't my shade 😂
Like he cares about us dark sistas 😂
his comments on darker skin tones have me living
this is my first time watching a video of yours. i really like how you applied it all. you look so great. 😀
You need to blend that foundation out better sisterrrrr
ok wait isnt the brush for foundation
This is a well done video
He should make a gloss called, living for the gloss
it's just me or did he get all that beauty marks tattooed?
why did u think that was a good thumbnail
It was clearly stated that the beauty blender is better dry
Why are you so hot
He's never really made any big drama but for some reason, he seems like a very unlikeable person. Don't know why
omg james i love you  soooooo much ur makeup is BOMB!!
Omg I feel like I'm in a nightmare with all the sisters
Y'alls...this is a fucking REVIEW. Obviously James is going to have his own opinions and thoughts!! The whole purpose of beauty reviews is to talk about the quality of the product, how it applies, how it wears, etc. It'd be complete bullshit if he was positive 100% of the time.
I really like ur voice xxx it s so unique
yall need to CHILL THE FUCK OUT
Say I'm gonna go ahead and... one more time, you only said it 100 times!
What palette did he use for eyeshadow??
He never stops talking and he talks so fast!!!
I appreciate you for swatching the lightest and the darkest shades for us sisters color! Lol 😆 this is why I love your channel!!
She stated that you can use the blender dry for full coverage and damp for build-able coverage. It may have had you using less product if you had been using a dry blender.
okay he said that the contour was hard to blend but 1 it's too dark for him and 2 he left to go get his beauty blender and let it dry on his skin before he even got to blend it out so that's not really a fair try. also I think the foundation would've looked prettier if he had left it at medium coverage... not every foundation has to be full coverage
Why is everyone hating on this video? I think he did a great job
You were supposed to use the brush to blend out, dumbass
that is not your shade but looks beautiful
I played this video on 2x speed and woooooah I feel more high than I already am. Boy you speak so darn fast.
WHY ALL HANDSOME GUYS ARE DOING MAKEUP?
i wonder if he knows that comes with a contour brush
I rarely do my makeup, but I study cosmetology and you're supposed to: 1. Get your shade and blend it properly. \n\n2. And cover your neck lmao.
I swear James can pull off any look.
I use face lotion as a primer for YEARS now!
When you call me sister I feel like a nun
You used almost everything wrong
Why does he actually look like an animation??? Is it just me who thinks that
Oh my god, you speak so fast it actually sometimes sounds like you sped up the sound! 🏃🏼😄
Everybody looking orange with Rihanna's foundation.
OML TRY LISTENING TO JAMES AT 0.5 SPEED SOUNDS DRUNK AF
I FUCKING LOVE YOU. Seriously, I really love you, thank you for existing.
You need to slow down your speaking...its soo fast and mumbly
U little fucking bitch!! U had to say that Cartier bracelet
u need to wear a mic baby!
Personally, I love James and that he speaks fast is perfectly fine i speak fast myself so everyone who's on him quit ur shit ur not perfect either and dont tell me that u like every single product u have ever tried..... like Manny says if u dont like me then dont fucking watch...... the way u tear him down is degrading if u cant say anything nice to this hardworking dedicated person then keep ur nasty ass comments to urself..... James , sister u do u and dont ever let these selfish ass jealous people get to you that just gives them the satisfaction of winning not everyone is going to love you because they are jealous so you do you and there are still some sisters here to back u up in everything you do I love you and dont quit ur job because of you i got out of ny depressions u inspire me as well cuz in only 1 year of makeup u made something of urself and u graduated early from high school thank you for descovering makeup and continue using those makeup brushes I LOVE YOU NEVER FORGET THAT FOR THOSE THAT HATE YOU THERE ARE THOSE WHO LOVE YOU AND STANDBY YOU NO MATTER WHAT we all make mistakes NO ONE IS PERFECT ❤❤
You are so extra  🙁
Freak....😳
the duos are literally so blinding whaaaaaatttt😩
#JamesIsLife but OPEN your eyes tho.
Plz do a daily makeup tutorial
7:31 got me dead 😂😂😂
UGHHH YOUR EYE LOOK IS UNREAL 😍😍
Stop hating bitches! Oh sorry, sisters**
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
His eyes are gorgeous ❤️😍
No just no.
oh fuck wtf fuck is this shit
U talk too fast bitch xd
Tati!!!! Omg you guys haven't done a collab yet 😭
Your so pretty 🌈
foundation looks so goood
12:36
hi
Classic classic james 😔😂
stop talking so fast.
guuUURL LOOK HOW ORANGE YOU FUCKIN LOOK
HI SISTERS
Prodacccs
oh gOD his voice 😂😂😂
You talk too match!!!😤😕😶
Jefreestar is quaking
its crazy how i can put the video on 0.5 speed and you sound more normal than the original
So from all the vids I have watched I have gathered that the foundation, blotting powder and trophy wife highlighter are the 3 things worth getting
I have a ton of respect and love toward Rihanna for actually making a cosmetic line to complement all skin tones just a reminder that we r all beautiful <3 \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPs James is so good looking w/o makeup
I think it looks a bit orangey
Why did your foundation oxidize? Mine hasn't yet (luckily)
I got a headache just watching him talk...
He needs to slows down when he talks and use less hands, he still doesn't know how to act on camera, he needs to chill a little, his makeup tutorials are good but he needs to relax and not talk to fast like he is being chase.
Everyone's loving the Fenty foundations ahh! I really want them! Well for my shade anyway
Please just leave good companies alone
Why does it sound like he has a hard time talking?
React to the most full coverage foundation in the world
James you are pretty without makeup
You're..............white
This foundation doesn't oxidize...
ily james, you're so gorgeous!
Go follow meeeee Snapchat: OctavioBoris I upload cool stuff everyday
ahewm, anywayy nice
morphe thot
Take that Kylie Jenner
❤️🔥
Why is your voice so annoying !!!?
This song is like Mancunians' National Anthem
Noel and Liam are both brilliant, we've gotta appreciate them both as singers and songwriters.
people saying there are 'better' versions, or taking the opportunity to argue about which brother is the best, are really missing the point here.
OASIS would be the biggest Band in the World if Noel and Liam would get along again. These two fuckheads have no idea that they are only one handshake away to rule the world.
Dolly Parton
Dear deary me Noel was playing at a benefit gig for We are Manchester and some people are going on about fake tears ,Liam's version is better ,as you were blah blah blah ....you people need to give your self a shake and think about what this concert was for instead of all the snide comments you should be ashamed
No ones arsed if there's better version, this version means the most
BIBLICAL
Prefer it when he plays it properly. Sounds a bit poncey this version.
Why can't Noel and Liam work it out!!
Instantly I become 15yrs old again when I hear this 🙌🏻
I envy the people that can move on and Don't look back in anger. I can't! Some rat walked into our City venue and blew up men, women and even children. I can only look back in anger as I feel we did nothing about this issue once again. Not having a go, it's just how I feel. I personally would not have been able to walk through that foyet. It's too much a case that the blood has been swept away let's carry on. Carrying on is why this continues. If people stayed away from public venues for a while then yes the terrorist win but not for long as our Govt would act once it hit their pocket. For me, going to the Arena last night would have been disrespect. I am only speaking for me! ✌
Dylanified Noel is boring
Great Noel!
He's not crying. Liam is right!
Come on Noel, you could have invited Liam here
More brainwashing, you should look back in anger as it will only get worse
Thlip inthide the eye of your mind
To all you good people out there.................I do look back in anger & I don't want hug anybody.........Amen
let the man who wrote the fucking song sing it without the whole liam sings it better shit, and remember why he is singing it
Was there right at the front.It was a great evening and a little emotional at times......
So dead little girls are now the price we must pay for our 'tolerance'?
I just don't get people who don't like Noel - I know he's not the politest person but he's so incredibly talented and people shouldn't judge his music through his personality.
Manchester, what a fucking city.
Liams this year was better
Well done to all involved heartbreaking but Manchester is united
Imagine if somehow they did reunite Liam's and noels vocals would be amazing now
What about the lisp? Noel never had it before. So strange.
Who's this potato?
All the scummy rag heads who shit where they stand will be laughing at this.Cunts
Please don't put your life in the hands of a rock'n'roll band...
I actually prefer the Coldplay version from the other Manchester charity concert for some reason
Noel a Genie Liam is an idiot on twitter
Ok! Great song! But now let's kill terrorists
Mr Manchester, all the way from London. Noel has been , a has been, sell out cunt for years.
Good Song.. But Masterplan is still No 1
Can we all just chill out and do some class A drugs like
Is that Gem playing with him?
Noel seems to force a bit his voice. He in 2009 was perfect.
Anyone heard that the Manchester Arena has reopened after a bomber killed 22 innocent people?
Great track I like both brothers singing it 😁
Appears to be playing a different guitar here than in his 'crying' photos - https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4432333/liam-gallagher-blasts-his-brother-noel-for-crying-during-we-are-manchester-gig-and-tells-fans-not-to-fall-for-his-pr-stunt/
Yes dont get angry European people, just sit back and keeping taking all those terror attacks, because diversity and multiculturalism is our strength, right?
I loved Oasis until they expolitied terrorism and dead children. People will do ANYTHING for publicity!!!!
hazed is losing his own job
What a legend 💎love you Manchester
Why is this 18 on trending its got 450 like ffs
Noel can sing live very well
belive you and me he a wanker liam the lad.
Bonehead plays lead on this.noel sings it, an Liam sits down and fucks around for a bit. That's my memories. Top tune. Cum on lads,let's do it properly before we fade away away away away.
So many fuck heads commenting on this! The man sings his songs however he chooses, he wrote them and can do with em what he likes. Fake tears and poncey? He's the only one who's never been fake cos he's never needed to be and what's wrong with showing some emotion? Bore off and get back to your Leo Sayer LP's
Our kids getting blown up is something we SHOULD be angry about. These fucking hippy cucks do nothing but make it easier to kill them. Disgrace the lot of them.
About time he gave back to Manchester
Your little girl got her brains blew out by a psycho muslim terrorist and nothing was done about it, but don't look back in anger!
Why is all the audience Nazi saluting?
There're both tribute for people who get in trouble; and you guys just talking about who better than who and this is 2017.. FUCK OFF YOU'RE MOTHERFUCKERS. YOU'RE FUCKING RETARD.
Wtf is Noels accent ?!
Magistral, extraordinario, simplemente asombroso...
Blur > Oasis
Oasis are overrated.
DON'T LOOK BACK AT ARSEN WENGER
totally flat vocals,  manchester deserved better...
Amazing atmosphere
Absolutely awesome
so Sally can wait
Noel is a chump
Anthem 🙌
One love...x
Beautiful...Follow That Liam ignorant little rat.
👍click on.....sticknstan.com
Wonderful!
god
Amazing
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | exclusivewriter.co.uk/
Stop picking sides people!
Its all lovely man.looked a awesome night.respect noel.
Thanks for posting ❤️
Классно
Is that..Gem?
Just amazing Noely G x
💛
Love this song.
God bless Noel
Yayyyy, look where winning!!!, instead of jailing and deporting the 2000 Muslims on the uk watch terrorist list, shutting down mosques that are proved to be preaching hate speech, stopping the influx of Muslim rapefugees, let's just forget that young children, men and women died in this place and have another music concert. Is this what winning looks like? English people are some of the weakest snowflakes in the world. (Am British born and bred) and am ashamed.
As if singing songs is going to stop these muslims from killing. Britian is weak now and is just full of feminine men that wear tight clothing and have gayish haircuts  that are too scared to fight. Yeah lets forget the kids that were blown up and also the families that dont have a kid anymore. Mark my words the way corbyn,the Jews and the globalists are letting more muslims into europe there will be more attacks on our streets in the future. It wont stop until you stop muslims from coming in and tighten up the boarders.
Shit version of a good song, someone get Liam on
No pudieron dejar su puto orgullo ni para una buena causa :(
I love Noel but definitely crocodile tears
Liams version at the last benefit was much,  MUCH better.
Liams voice is embarrassing. Noels voice has improved year on year while his brother sounds like a karaoke singer
This is unnecessarily trending. A different YouTuber can get that same amount of likes in the same amount of time and still not be in TrenDUNG.
NOEL GALLACHER JUST BACK FROM HIS HOLIDAY, DECIDES TO GRACE US WITH HIS PRESENCE,..... HE WAS QUOTED AS SAYING, AND I QUOTE?!!??..., FUCK ME AND ME MISSUS HAD TOO LEAVE A PROPER HALF ,A DEL BOY,.....(MANC SLANG FOR BIG LOVELY COCKTAIL ) AT THE BAR ,BEFORE WE HOPPED ABOARD A PLANE TOO PUT ON SOME OF THE MOST FAKE TEARS YOU,VE EVER SEEN IN CONCERT,...TELLING YOU ,MAN AFTER THAT IGNORANT STINT, I,LL NEVER BUY ANOTHER HIGH FLYING BIRDS CD OR CONCERT TICKET AGAIN ,YOURS SINCERELY, ...NO CONCIOUS REQUIRED!
Well done Manchester folks. Don't let the bastards get u down. Lot's of love from some random scouser on the interwebs xxx
the whole Manchester thing is getting Abit old
Don't enter the comment section, it's full of uneducated Liam Gallagher wannabes and fake musicians slating the song, when they can't write any themselves. I love people but god damn there are some cunts in this world. All arguing about irrelevant shit whilst completely ignoring the fact this gig was held in memorial for innocent human beings, many of which were children, whom were killed in a brutal act of terror and violence. I was there Noel and you sounded amazing, the version you played was perfect for the occasion and the 15,000 voices singing in unison was a sight to behold. God bless our angels, they'll never be forgotten...
Liam absolutely failed on this song.
As ace as it was, Courteeners were better on the night.
Better singer than Liam ever was tbh
What a fine sight !! Noel playing to the people of Manchester - his HOME city. Welcomed back with open arms - and a LOT of love. Peace. Rx
so sweet r.i.p :( forever in our hearts people commintng about better versions no one cares its called respect so if dont like it dont comment prayers to familys :(
AHH NEW INTRO!!! Who else misses #schoolisha tho? haha Don't worry though cause I have SO MANY awesome videos planned for you guys! What videos do you want to see on my channel? Also, which Instagram trend was your fav??? xo -Alisha Marie 💖🎥
Love the new intro😍🔥
Love you soooo much♥️♥️♥️♥️your a great YouTuber
If wavy eyebrows become a thing I am going to die
i replayed the intro for like 10 times lol
AlishaMarie I really really really love your new intro!!! Its so awesome!!!
That intro is sick!!! Love it
IM OBSESSED WITH THE NEW INTROOO RETRO TILL I DIEEEEEEEE
I laugh so hard at the glitter tounge part😂
Hi I love your vid I need help with my videos
I liked the video
It was really hard to take her seriously througout the video😂😂😂
Aww this intro is so cute! Obviously you put a lot of work into it!
I wish my intro was that good!!!
Who else saw Alisha Maria in a ad ( I was like omg  is that Alisha Maria?!?!?!?!
We're are you going
I watch you all the time and thought I was subscribed....but I wasn't! So I subbed and turned on the bell😍
The intro is GOALS
So you think your pretty ?
YOU SHOULDA USED THE SPARKLY ROLLERSKATES U GOT FROM TARTE OR WHATEVER HAHAHAH
I love that intro
i love that  intro!
Hey Alisha I saw your poster outside the shop holister in dubaiiiii
I love your roomate warss OMG! You should do another one with Ashley
When I saw the intro I forgot what video I was watching
I'm FREAKING LOVE the new intro
Omg that into slays my life!!\n\nI love it so much!!! My life!!
LET'S PLAY A GAME\nTHUMBS UP 👍 IF YOU ARE FROM AMERICA\nCOMMENT 🦋 IF YOU ARE FROM EUROPE\nP.S: I AM A YOUTUBER WHO MAKE DIY
The last digit of likes is what Alisha Marie video you are\n1. Awkward Situations \n2. Life Hacks\n3. Expectations vs reality \n4. Then vs now \n5. Vlogs\n6. Diy\n7. Testing videos\n8. Back to school\n9. Collabs \n0. You can choose\n\nComment down below what you got 😘😘
That intro though!!!Amazing job <3 you alisha
I loveee you Alisha 💘 ur so Genuineee nd awesome
Wavyyyy
Miranda should try the wavy lips!!!
omgg!! the introo!😍
OMG 😲 yaaaaassssssssssss
I love you
Wavyyyyy
Your intros are always so adorable! ❤️
OMG that is so awesome
Do a period video!!!!! Plzzzz🙌🏻
the intro tho yessss
THAT INTRO 😩😍😍
Best intro ever
New intro who dis
Wavyyyy😁❤
i love you
LOVE MORE THSN THATT ADORE THE INTRO
That was funny😂😂😂😂
V
why r these even trends :[
I LOVEEEEE your intros!!!!!!!!
Like your video
alisha plz do a make up collection
This is how much she loves us guys
OMG I Saw You On A Hollister Poster! You Slay Girl!
I love your new intor
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME THE SONG SHE USED IN THE MIDDLE OF HER VIDEO ??
Who else thinks she should do a fall series called fallisha and then when fall is done she goes BYE FALLISHA
the highlighter trend was my fav
When ur watching her video and before it starts u see a add that has alisha in it lol
Your roller skating skills are so lit
I LOVE YOUR INTRO AND PPLLEEAASSEE DO A CHRISTMAS SECTION LIKE YOU DID A SUMMER SECTION THANKSSSS ALSO PLEASE DI US AN MAKEUP LOOK FOR YOUR INTRO THANKS XOXOXO
please make a video about 4 best friend please answer
You said Wavy lips is a thing XD
NEW AMAZING INTRO LOVE IT!!😘😘😍😋
What is your phone number 😘😘😍😍😍😍
Alisha's intros are always so extra i'm living
I deadass kept going to the intro like 5 times. It was so good 🤤😱😍
Love the new intro!!😍
I love the new intro
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the new intro!!!
I can actually roller blade and I own a pair of
Love your intro!!!❤️❤️❤️
Alisha, the roller skating in the cafe is very Monica Geller if u get what I mean?!!! Xxx
My favorite trend was the highlight on the ear (mostly because its not crazy :D) Also I love your new intro!
I love the intro😍
Wavyyy
UR SO TUMBLER LIKE
I LOVE ALL YOUR SUPPER CREATIVE INTROS LIKE YASSSSSS GIRL <3
Love the thumb nail
Omg I love your intro 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Omg that intro tho sooooo legit !!
Litty
wavyyy
Queen!!!
I love alisha
Who else absolutely 💖💖💖 Alishas intros?!
That intro on 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
She's gonna be pooping glitter 💀💀
THAT INTRO IS FIRE 🔥 YASSS
This video shows what happened when I tried out the Instagram trends..haha lol..Love Alisha😘
Subbed
😂😂🤣😂🤣🤣
That 👏 new 👏 intro 👏 tho 👏! Yass
I love you
Miranda plz watch this
eyebrows on fleeeeek😍
Plz calb with laurdiy
intro goals
───▄▄▄▄▄▄─────▄▄▄▄▄▄\n─▄█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▄─▄█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▄\n▐█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█▓▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▓█▌\n█▓▓▒▒░╔╗╔═╦═╦═╦═╗░▒▒▓▓█\n█▓▓▒▒░║╠╣╬╠╗║╔╣╩╣░▒▒▓▓█\n▐█▓▓▒▒╚═╩═╝╚═╝╚═╝▒▒▓▓█▌\n─▀█▓▓▒▒░░░░░░░░░▒▒▓▓█▀\n───▀█▓▓▒▒░░░░░▒▒▓▓█▀\n─────▀█▓▓▒▒░▒▒▓▓█▀\n──────▀█▓▓▒▓▓█▀\n────────▀█▓█▀\n──────────▀.
What an amazing film 😎😮😵
how does the boost at 0:03 work? When I try it I usually end up dying to the badnik
jesus its been out like a week
...I thought I did a good job getting 53 seconds :(
After 0:05 (5seconds into the video), I couldn't find Sonic. Too fast!
You are my hero don't ever let me down\nYou are my hero don't let me see you frown\nIt's only a mountain you can climb that high\nNo that's not a teardrop there's something in your eye\nI know you can do it I know you'll come through\nAnd if I will follow I'll be a hero too\n[ sax ]\nYou are my hero I know that you can win\nYou are my hero my hero and my friend\nYou know if you take it one step at a time\nYou can climb that mountain hero friend of mine\nI know you can make it there's little you can't do\nAnd if I will follow I'll be a hero too\n[ sax ]\nYou are my hero there never was a doubt\nYou are my hero it makes me want to shout\nI know you can get there a winner by a mile\nWhen I think about it makes me want to smile\nYou know where you're going you know what to do\nAnd if I should follow I'll be a hero too\nA hero just like you
Well boys he did it again. Good stuff!
That was fuckin awesome!
Jesus dude.... nice
Just another Jerrell passing through
Nice! \o/
At 0:19, after picking up the speed shoes, do you release input to hit the jump on the platform or do you continue to hold forward. It seems like Sonic is considered air born for all but a frame, if you keep holding forward, and won't take any jump inputs. Thanks in advanced!
I  thought it was impossible to save more time using the same moves, you are insane! Try walking as close as possible to the board racing before start, I think that way you can achieve more speed. Do a roll jump into the looping, u'll get faster as well. These 2 new tricks can save up to 30 centiseconds!
Love that Zara floral number!!
Aritizia here in Canada is over hyped AND overpriced imo. Not to mention the salespeople are not helpful if you don't shop there all the time.
My name is Ingrid 😂 #Twins :)
OMG you're SO beautiful, inside and out, Ingrid! This is my thought every time I watch one of your videos (and I've watched them for years now!). Just want you to know. I'm nobody to you, but I think you're such a good and kind person. I would love to have more people like you in this world. YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, REMEMBER THAT!
I love you but I wish you didn't use products that pay to test on animals :/
I liked the red sweater and the big gray turtleneck sweater!<3
Emm~~  that just looks like pijamas!!
does anyone know which lipstick/color she is wearing? thanks!
$40 dollars for a black t-shirt?? Pass
Old school vibes !!!! Yes Ingrid yes !!!!! Ahhhh and a target bag so I know it's gonna be good
Ingrid I Love your haircut so much can you please tell me how to describe it to my hair dresser besides an angled lob?
Wow it's been a while since I've watched, but your style has changed a lot since I watched you last
Hey Ingrid! What ever happened to Taco Tuesgays? I was so pumped for that and it's been a while since you posted a video. 😭
all            the           pauses                between                each                      word.  I cant!
i love your channel!
Can someone please let me know why I am not able to view Ingrid's previously live videos? My notification said she had a live unboxing today yet her channel doesn't show me the live videos. I am able to see other youtuber's previously live shows though...anyone?
Where is the thermal turtleneck from??!!
Haters don't know what to comment after this drugstore haul ;)
It's so weird seeing aritzia in LA hauls now Bc for the longest time it's been just a Canadian thing :O
Ingird, can you do an updated room tour ? Thanks!
Tutorial on this makeup look??
Ingrid I love you!!! Pls pls make more videos 😊😊
You are welcome US for finally getting Aritzia, from Canada, with love ❤  Aritzia is a danger zone store for me!
Does anyone know what lipstick she's wearing??
Do you have issues with getting small holes in your t shirts? I don't know if it's just because I purchase cheap shirts, but I'm hesitant to splurge because I'm afraid it may happen anyways
Does anyone else get reminded of the Saw movies when they see Target's logo? ☹️
This video gave me life.😭❤️
the similar Aritzia zipper body suit you have in the description looks like nothing like your vid.
Ingrid, the Aveda shampure dry shampoo is a dry shampoo powder! It's my HG! I think the scent of it is right up your alley!!
Aritzia always has the cutest things. Great video Ingrid.💕💕💕
Please do a closet tour
I still remember when you used to wear that panda sweater 🐼
Her style is soo modern and plain...not my favorite haul
I love Lauren Conrad and Lucy Hale. my two favorites for makeup/hair/style inspiration. =D
why is she losing subscribers she is amazing!
Lol Ingrid if you like Aritzia then you would probably love their annual warehouse sales in Vancouver!
Yes!!! I am the exact same way about my t shirts!! The sleeves have to be longer and the fit has to be right...it is SO hard to find them haha so thank you for the recommendations, I will have to go get me some!!
Where did you get the faded black shirt? @IngridNilsen
Omg I like my t-shirts the same way you described yours!
Hi Ingrid! I really loved your make-up in this video! Could you please teach us? Thanks!
Eyebrows look funky for some reason...it's either too far apart or too square. My opinion....
Ingrid, what is the lipstick you're wearing in the video? I've been trying to find a shade like that for ages and it's been a trial and error kind of thing because, as you pointed out, you can't try drugstore makeup out before buying it so I've been getting these shades and have been really disappointed. Also, is that lipstick you have something you would recommend?
What camera lens and settings are you using? It looks amazing!
You should check out a brand called everlane 💕
Ingrid!!! I love your shoes! What brand are they? 😍😍😍 #havetohave
Wait I thought she lived in NYC did she move back to LA?
Omg I recently just got the Wilfred Free tshirt in the nude color too! BEST tshirt ever 💕💕
you are gorgeous without (and with) makeup !! <3
FYI that Aritzia thermal stretches out quite a bit so I size down!
omg I am obsessed with that red sweater!!
omg please let us know your review on kristin ess products because i've been wanting to try them for a bit
I love these types of videos! I hope we get an update video soon!
Love your current hairlength! Great video Ingrid :-) lovely greetings from Austria
how old is she?
I'm pretty sure I've seen the batiste xxl powder at ulta
this is literally my perfect closet, simplicity in details. I LOVE YOU! <3
Am I the only one sad that aritzia is becoming basic more than outside of Canada😂
I love your videos 😍❤❤
Stop being so cuteeeee i can't handle your cuteness
Love the black body suit with the zipper and the printed pants!
target has some really cute fall clothes and shoes right now! xo from my channel to your’s <3
I love Ingrid but I think it's missing a little floral dress, like that :\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syofDm2KhW8
Crying because Ingrid looks amazing in this video!
Will you update us on the hair products once you've used them up a bit?
High rise, button-fly tapered jeans. Yep, the 90's are definitely baaaaaack! 😱
Love the longer hair
i absolutely love aritzia! for some reason the store on 5th ave in NYC feels quite intimidating though, wishing it was more like the LA store!
Better wear the two floreal pieces not together else they look like a fancy pajama XD
Ingrid are you still focusing on ethical/sustainable fashion? or are you going to revert back to fast fashion?
Omg you finally look like your old self!!!
Ingrid, I really think you should read up on Zara and it's production chain. They're truly not a company worth buying and supporting. I hope you look it up! <3
Amazing your video,  Hugs Ingrid from Lima-Perú 💜
ahhh loving everything in this haul ingrid!
faded black do you mean grey? 😂
ulta has the batiste xxl powder!!! http://www.ulta.com/xxl-plumping-powder?productId=xlsImpprod6380141
So close to 4 million!!! Congrats :)
I miss Vlogmas
Everlane has great tshirts!
Hehe I work at Aritzia :)
does anyone know what lipstick shes wearing?!
Yaaaayyy love your longer hair:)
that red oversized sweater from zara looks gorgeous ahhh that color!!! 😻
So glad you included affordable options!
Ulta carries the Batiste XXL powder.
You look so pretty
OMG YES
Always love your fashion hauls! 🌻
Burst treaty fault care blind break.
I love your hair guuurl! <3
Mmm yessss so ready for fall!
<3 love you!!!!!
Love, love, LOVE the kristen Ess products!
You still wear the camo leggings from HPE?
Awesome! I LOVEEE LUCY HALE, and Lauren Conrad so I'm sooo buying those products by Kristen. I had no idea that was even at target; thankful you mentioned it. \n\nI wear my hair naturally which is pretty much beach waves almost daily. Super excited to try it! 😬
Ingrid! Please do more of your 'fashion foreplay'!! Would love to see your outfits for fall this year:)
Loved this vid Ingrid! Thanks for sharing your haul. Your basics style is super inspiring! I love the palette of tshirts you have and that floral pant/long jacket set was gorgeous xxxx
I don't trust any products she recommends anymore because half the time I don't know if its a secret ad or if she actually uses them
i am obsessed with the dry shampoo!
This makeup looks dirty :/
I haven't seen a single video of Ingrid in aaaaaaages and omg she's so skinny now??????? 🙃
make a fenty trophy wife macaron or cake!!!!
Divas getting money, if you ain't getting money then you ain't got nothing fo' me YAAAS
69th like. 😂 LOVE YOU NICK BUT I LOVE YOUR MACARONS MORE.\n\nCause I'm a pig :(
i love it!! its me as a macaron! lolz haha i love your work as always nick!! ❤❤❤😍😍😍😍😍
Can you make a gold cake 🎂 or somthing pleaseeeee
Love the color gold😍😍😍 4:10 satisfying😍😂😂😂\nEdit: 4:57 Satisfying😂😂😂
Beautiful! 👏👏❤️
Im living for the Beyoncé themes
I love the gold on the macarons. Very creative
Omg I didn't know I was a macaron ! Thanks for showing me off as a dessert lol \n#golddiva \n#me\nLove it thoughhhhh
Oh those are so perfect and so sexy!!!! 😆😍😲✔💯💛💛💛 your attempting to every detail is just outstanding Nick.
*fabulous.*
Hi, I really love your macarons! Can I check with you  a question? Is it matter that I use fresh egg white instead of old withes? Because I fail every time when I go straight with fresh egg whites.
Nick you helped me make macarons perfectly! i never understood other recipes when it came to what the batter should look like but looking for a ribbon texture makes things a lot easier thank you!!! and omg i love these beyonce themed recipes <3
He used What company for almond meal ????help me out
💚💚💚💚
Where do you get your gold luster dust? Love you videos btw :)
Could you make something vanilla I'm allergic to chocolate so I just want to see some alternative cupcake or macaroons
I think a terainium cake would be cool with a sugar dome over the top if thats in anyway possible😅😀💙
Can you make a pumpkin spice macaron or cake please🙏🙏
The things you make always look so beautiful!! Almost too pretty to eat ;o
I half your recipe and follow it but still I get domed cracked shells. Isnt 180 too hot?
These look incredible!!
you're so amazingly talented!!!! congratulations on your beautiful channel, great content and awesome recipes
LOVVVEEE THEM! 😍 What brand luster do you use?  I've tried a few and none are as striking as yours... Thanks! 😘
I LOVE ANYTHING GOLD AND THESE ARE BEAUTIFUL
I want to lick the bowl !😂
I read the thermometer as 900 degrees C and I was like what THE HELL ARE YOU MAKING
Hey Nick I like your macaron videos! Do you use aged eggs for the meringue?
I'm just wondering what is the specific reason we make a hole or well in the dry ingredients and then pour the liquids in the middle?
Who else thinks of something else when nick says Add some DABS of merengue mixture?
So this is on trending but h3h3 we one the lawsuit isnt
Who thought of Austin Powers Gold Member??? Lmao because same 🙋🏽
Its so cute how you painted all the outsides of each one by hand xD i'd assumed you had sprayed them. That's dedication!
The scran line, you inspire me alot. Im currently in college getting my associates degree in baking and pastry and i just wanted to say i love what you do and youre amazing.
I just got another idea, Nick. How about a Prince themed cupcake? Purple and gold.
What kind of cream do you use ?
I wish I could play in your sandbox!  Gorgeous Nick!
Wow they are so gold and look amazing! I really need to give my cupcakes a break and try macaroons :D
Hey nick what do you have to do with your extra batter if it doesn't all fit on the bakingtray. Do you have to put it in the fridge or just leave it out?
My god.....you are an amazing artist, pastry chef and overall creative genius! I love your creations. They are so inspiring! Thanks for that!
Cracker Jack is popcorn coated in caramel and at the bottom of the bag there's a bunch of delicious candied peanuts
Hi bro,have being following ur chanel for long and asmire ur qork..just a quick question.how do bake macaron in a gas oven.cos my oven is gas and need to be fire lit  like the gas oven in uk.am struggling and any advice u can give me plz.
if you aint gettin money then you aint got nothin for me yes GOD loving the beyonce inspired stuff!!!
OMG that looks so good!!❤ Gonna make it myself soon 😂❤
Looks divine and awesome as always! ><
Beautiful!
Gold Diva lol
I really hope you meet Beyonce one day
I remember that song ^^
Wow delicious recipes ñam ñamm yummy 👍👍👍👍
Divas gettin money 😂😂 they are beautiful as always Nick.
Sooooooooo preeeeeeetty! <3
Omg 48 on trending! Congrats!
Very cool!
you're on trending!!! (#48 currently)
49 ON TRENDING WHATTTTT CONGRATS
Do an all pink nicki minaj pink print cupcake!!
Please make more giant cakes!
Gorgeous. ❤❤❤❤
Yes.
Love it!!!
Classy AF
wow.. gold!
Do Pumpkin Spice Latte cupcakes if you havent already
💛💛💛💛💛
Gorgeous as ever. Wow. 😍😍
love it
160 like
Love it
Wahoo Beyoncé! ❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️
^0^
Make a checkerboard cake
B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L!!!!!!!😍
They look pretty damn good.
hello
Yessssssss 😍😍😍😍
Masallah😍😍😍😍
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
FIRSTTTT, I love your work Nick😁
el color es para no comerlo
this is so beautiful!!!!
Hey nick 2 question really quick where did you get your gray cake stand and also I was wondering if you could do a cracker jack themed cupcake, cake, or macaron.
SO PRETTY! 😍😍😍😍
Giveaway who's with me
My son is 2 and loves watching your videos. He hates when i turn it off.
Looks amaaaazing! <3
Aren't these macaroons and macarons are those coconut treats?
Why do you put food color on the macaron if you re going to paint them??🤔
Perfect timing, I've been looking for a gold theme dessert to make for a childhood cancer awareness event! Great channel too!
OMG Why does he ONLY have 300,000 subs?! I think he should have 10,000,000 subs!
...oh god please let them be poisonous...
im vegan and i left every non-plant based item out. it tasted awesome! thanks
11k views and on trending page ok then
that's not how you do french macaron
Beyoncé inspired recipes are always the best! 🙌🏽 This looks amazing, perfect video to wake up to today. 👏🏽
Please tell me you used an airbrush for the rest of the macarons and that you didn't hand paint each individual one 😵
How about a banoffee macaron? Great video Nick!
Did you say 118° or 180° for the simple syrup?
SHOUT OUT TO DJ TIM COOK
How much did DJ Tim Cook pay you to release this sponsored message ? ;)
I'm pretty sure dillon's commentary was what everyone was really thinking the whole time (at least thats exactly what i was thinking lmao)
Nigga's house so big you can hear the echo from his voice...
Motherfucker, RED shoots in 8K...  hahahaha  Fuck 4K
Lets be real who actually watched the keynote for the iphone. I just watched to see my boy Tim Cook hype up the crowd.
damn such youtuber content
Tracklist anyone??
This is quality content... This is a real reaction by a real guy 👍🏻
I just want to know one thing...\n\n\n\n\n\n*I S  T H E  B A T T E R Y  B E T T E R ?*
Listening to ur music automatically puts me in a good mood when I'm down. Thankyou
I'm impressed that nobody saw or mentioned that Tyler, the creator's album was in the iphone x when they were presenting it\n\n\n\n\n\nOh, it's not over here? huh, maybe find out where it is
*Filmed using iPhone.*
I phone is bad. wtf they sell this shit of plastic for over 1000€? Apple are f*cking capitalists. Bought me a cheap Xiaomi days ago, and its quiet better than every iphone.
Man, this hilarious, I'm dying!! You should do this more often dude!
This isn't funny...at all
Dillon Francis is a lesbian
I'm future traveler and in 2569 we have iphone 57385728482743848 S plus mega with 7372392gb and infinite display
Owning an iphone is like using dildo instead of your own dick when having sex. Ok bye😂😂😂
When Dillon says Tim: thinks it's Avicii\nWhen Dillon says Phil: thinks it's Phil Lester\nI am traaaash
RED shot in 8k, Apple shot in 4k and Dillon shot in 240p
Fuck you Dillon retail is important.
want an iPhone X?\n\n\n\n\njust write an X on the back of your iPhone problem solved :)
This guy trying so hard to be funny
My S8 in my hand and laughter throughout the conference. Nice try Apple catch you next year for your 2 grand phone.
You fucking killed it at dancefestopia
wtf is this?? Post the Ibiza set instead! ;)
how the fuck take screenshots now?
this is exactly how I felt the entire keynote.
omg am I the only one who thought this was the funniest fucking thing ever?
3:35 WHAT ?!!! You killing me 😂😂
this is a funny ad for the new iPhone
Dillon does your voice ever hurt from screaming?
and why not preston in of there
THAT WAS MY EXACT REACTION WHAT THE HELL
I LOVE YOUR AGGRESSIVE WAY TO SPEAK!!!1!!1ELEVEN
I am on a road to becoming more retarded than you Dillon !!!! You will see!!! u the best tho xD
pixel phone is 200 times better
I swear the iPhone X is just like the Samsung Galaxy S8 except iOS
I see the new iphone watching this reaction , u are crazy dillon love it 👍🏼
The fucking iPhone X is the best thing ever!!!!!!!!
Please Dillion tell ERIK I said what's up
how does john cena use the face scanner then?
lol i love you dillon. saw this earlier on snap. i always look forward to them 😂
Love u dillion your reaction is probably all of us!  Anyway come to Indonesia pls esp bali u ditch us last time :(
PLEASE do that live at the event next time 😂
It look perfect 😭😭😭😭😭 IPHONE X am coming for you 😏
Buy an S8 or S9 Dillon, really simple solution
Xbox One X, I phone X, Ted Cruz liked a X rated film post\n\n\nXXX confirmed
I loved this I sent it to all my friends I wanna see more random shit like this
HI DILLON! OMG UR SO FUNNY🍻 saw u when u came to dazzle club in shenzhen with Aoki last year, ur the coolest funniest shit ever man LOL love u so much man! Peace!
Honestly can't wait for the hot fire model shots you're gonna drop with the iPhone X.  Ford is going to regret not booking you.
Its a damn S8 without the curved screen and iris scanner lmao
You are DJ Dillon Francis?
Quality Shit posting👌🏼
Samsung is beter
ahahah bro do you reply to comment?
real quality content
Swim poop Swim poop Swim poop
Apple users are retarded
😂ur the best Dillon
you are fucking awesome xD
110% Frendly family video 😂
😂😂😂 u pull cocks bro !!
HSHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA FUCK
which phone you are using DillonFrancis ? hahaha
Dillon needs to unveil the Next Iphone!!!!!!!
Fuck Dillon Francis & fuck Apple
They copied Samsung and went as far to use their displays
Hi Dillon
hahahahaha
😂😂😂😂😂😂
DILLON I FUCKIN LOVE U SO MUCH HAHAHA
lmao
swimpoop
Sony TV)
Dj tim cook 😂😂
а кде стив стив???
best reaction ever😂😂😂
love your new song Dillion
I LOVE DJ TIM COOK SOMUCH
DJ JEFF SWIMPOOP
Subbed lol
lol
Nice react dillon
lol...
Laughed way too hard 😂😂😂
LG V30 😎😍😘
Lmaooo
This is beyond hilarious 😂
HEY DILLON I LOVED CLOUDS
Dilly you so silly ;)
Hmm... What about DJ Hanzel reaction?
I was confused when they kept saying iPhone 10 instead of iPhone X
Where's your Mi Gente remix smh
did they skip the i phone 9??
I love ur fucking reactinons ,like if you poor and u don't care about ihpone :)
after watching this vid im thinking of how stupid and retard americans are, this is horrible man, you were a good dj for me, but now u are fucken piece of shit crap...
$999 wtf samsung 4 lyfe
Jajajajjajaa fucking dillon Francis. You are the fucking boss. Yeaaah. Peace ✌
1:10 ¿Alguien más ha visto a la monja detrás de Dembélé cuando se mueve?
Quédate con la que te abrace como dembele abraza a pique
Taparse la boca para que los del día después no les entiendan :v
1:05 cuando ves a la chica que te gusta demasiado cerca de ti :v
Que bueno que el Barça ya no tendrá que lidiar con el padre mafioso de Neymar...
Quédate con alguien que te abrace como Dembelé abrazó a Piqué XD¡¡¡
ese abrazo que le dio a piqué me partió el cora... vamos dembele a romperla
Yo sólo recuerdo que cuando Ney llegó no era la gran estrella, botaba los balones y luego lo fueron puliendo. espero que Dembelé tenga mucho éxito en el barça
Creo que cuando tenga la edad de Neymar va a ser mas que el
yo creo que le tiene que ser mas facil entender el español que el ingles jajaja y valverde diciendole only back, yes, es un crack dembele
La pantera negra ¡is in the house! 👌
Que lindo, su carita de nervioso excitado, emocionado y tímido ojalá le vaya bien. Y no sea como la puta interesada de Ney. Es el bebé del grupo, hay q cuidarle
Los resultados de Valverde en OPEN ENGLISH 😂😂😂 éxito👌👌
Se ve q no va ser como Neymar q prefiere cagarce de dinero a jugar al buen fútbol, que asco como prefirió irse a un equipo q juega al pelotazo
vaya cojo! ajajajjajaa
pinta bien
2:04 ADOPTAME!!! :V se aprece a mi perro negro ojon y patas largas hahahahah
Otro nuevo mejor amigo 😂🤣😂
2:02 lol
Visca el Barça, visca Dembele.
Dembelé 👏🔥
grande copito de nieve :V
#Dembelismo
1:00 hermel del chiringuito se quedo petrificado vio debutar a dembele.
TOCHULETA
GRANDE DEMBELE!!!
Grande Umtiti Delantero!
Tremenda Calidad Mi Negro
Min 1:02 jajajajajaja
dembele anota contra Juve Mañana 🙏
Valverde spiki inglish
Que Cool🔝
Jajajaja grande Dembele visca barsa *-*
El Mejor 11
Solo verle coger el balon ya ilusiona
El petrificado JAJAJAJAJA
Vaya roturas va meter este
dd
2:02 quédate con quién te abrace así!
Con todo <3
Buenas sorte🍀 Ousmane Dembele💪👍✌👏 Visca Barça🔵🔴❤💪
pinches jugadores inflados, no valen tanto
¡Grande dembele! un negrito poderoso👏👏👏👏
Dembele Barcelona te quiere
Exelente videoo
Suerte dembélé
ese dembele es muy inosente
Vamos negro!
jajaja  me causaste  risa  cuando  valverde  lo  agarro  ile  explicó .
Dembele eres un. Crack
2:01 El mejor momento :v
Dembele futuro balón de oro
Sois unos crack!
I❤ O.DEMBELE  NUM 11.❤
Neymar
Siento que Dembélé nos va a traer cosas buenas :') Viscabarca !!
Soy del Madrid pero sinceramente habéis hecho un gran fichaje. Aunque el precio esta muy desorbitado, pero tengo la sensación de que tenéis jugador para muchos años (hasta que venga el PSG con el money XD)
Suarez le rompe la cabeza a pique con un tacaso jajaja
Apuesto lo que les de suuu puta regalada gana que no miraron la MADRE oh Monja...ni los del dia despues
Neymar le an comido la cabeza el jeque y su padre con los millones y el balon de oro.. pero cuando se de cuenta que solo se acuerdan de el 4 o 5  partidos en Europa  despertara y vera el grave error que ha cometido y en ese momento ya no sera nadie.. ronaldiño 2 ..
Yo soy el auténtico Juan García :)
Que le valla muy bien por el bien del fútbol 💪🏻
Estadio lleno lo impresiona? Jajaja el viene del BVB  respeten! La hinchada del BVB siempre va a estar por encima de todas!
0:42 Soy yo o ese señor se parece a Jorge Javier Vázquez?
el va a deslubrar allí , lo q tiene q hacer es jugar nmejor que​ Deulofeu para no perder el puesto
no es mal jugador tan solo , que quieren que ganar lo del payaso neymar , que no sea teatrero
me costo ver la colleja que le pego suarez a pique mientras dembele le abrazaba xd
1:10 una monja con la camiset del barça
ME ACABA DE AVISAR YOUTUBE 13 HORAS DESPUÉS
Nada mal para dembe :v con toda humildad  y cortesía el equipo (y)
Espero que este de titular hoy grande Dembele!
Me encanta ver a dembele cumplir su sueño se le nota en el rostro ;') ojalá que le vaya súper bien y le de muchas alegrías al Barça
Típico primer día de trabajo, todo es confuso pero sale bien
gran fichaje pero no es neymar :c aun no lo supero
la verdad me parecio ver una pantera cuando empezo a correr
El niño cumpliendo su sueño. ☻
Es en serio lo de la mano en la boca en España?
Este man es un etoo para 10 años
El vídeo que estaba esperando
Vamos Dembélé solo tienes que agarrar confianza y luego seras mucho mejor que #neymar.
Ese Paquito Alcacer para lo único que sirve jajaja:v
no mamesss ese wey nomas se le veían los dientes en la banca jajajajajajajajajajajajjajaja
Real Madrid te presento a tu nuevo hijo
Ahora si se la maman.
No era Frederico (el chiringuito) el que estaba en la grada? Haha
Soy del Madrid pero este muchacho me cae bien parece un gran jugador 👍 no como Suárez ese si me da asco 😖
ya  tenemos la  M.S.N,de nuevo....Messi,Suarez,Y el negro..
Neymar tenia esa calidad que tal y cual ... pero este xaval puede dar algoal barca que no tenia y es volver a hacer contras dolorosas
Apunta maneras este chaval, nos va a dar mas de un disgusto a los madridistas jaja
estoy feliz por el, lo sigo desde el borussia y es un gran jugador, habilidoso con las 2 piernas.
0:10 la primera vez que veo a dembele sonreir
Valverde habla mejor ingles que Gerrard jajaja
Ilusiona bastante este tio, y con solo 20 años... Se esperan grandes cosas de el.
Parece majillo el chaval, y humilde. A ver si no sale muy cani, aunque siendo negro complicado no serlo.
El día que se vaya la luz cuando estén en el hotel se le va a ver solo los dientes xd
Nigga rules
*Dempelé!*
por favor Qué ha dicho valverde a dembele en el minuto 1:22 ?
por que ella no me abraza como dembele á pique
Mandriles Esta temporada se la van a chupar a dembele Ya veran.
MOOOOOSIEBEAR!!!! he's so excited that he got to be the star of this video (clearly LOL) follow him on insta!! @moosetheminibully and go tell him that he should still love me even if i put him into a rainbow onesie HAHAH
do more puppy gadgets
Awwww so cute I love moosie he's soooooo cute
MOOSIEBEAR IS A SAVAGE AND ADORABLE LOOLLLL XDDDDDDD AWWWWWWWWW
Cooooooote!
1:12 edit:Jesus it's so kawaii
Kid
you forgot Blue! :p
I love 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
nice camera man XD
K
Sorry
You  are funny 😄
#moosybear
Make puppy diys please
i am getting bear bear
Herro herro!   I found a game that concludes BEAR BEARS it is called Sumikko gurashi OMG PLZZZZ SEEE DIIIIISSSSSSSS MOOSEIE WILL, LOVE IT BAIIII
Hi
:)
Hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Moose
Everybody loves baby d
l love you 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Love you mooooooossie\n bear
My dog heard the squeaky mustache and freaked out hahahhaha
Suffer Hooman I love you
MOOSIEBEAR is adorable😍😍😍
is lauren Pregnant?
Moose bear and Alex both have stinky farts😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
0:10 pink floyd 😮🖕🏼
Cool
😂😂😂
5
Love it
Moose is so cute!!!!!!
what breed is mossie?
Suffer Woman
hey twilight nice video
part 2 please
Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I NEED MOREEEE
Moosetheminibully!!
I love your socks Lauren
