what a hero
50/1 KD, 500 injures. Pretty good for a fucking Ela...
A living meme
Sad!!https://ivanbeecroft.wordpress.com/film-clips/
What an absolute dickhead
That's crazy!
Twat.
The cop should of given him the gun, i mean it's Dan Bilzarian after all!
zane wilson with sexy beast says words is better check it out here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjE6lABNJPw
Dan bilzerian knows two things, guns and women
https://youtu.be/eQSbkBla0mw
look at this \nhttp://yobuilder.com/2M7l
*Dan is a reserve police officer*, he showed the cop his ID but the cop was panicking and didn't want to read it (fair enough). \n\nDan also has 510 days of NAVY SEAL training. Just the fact that he ran towards the gun fire looking to help out and put his life on the line, shows he had good intentions (would you be brave enough to do the same?)\n Probably helped calm people by telling them if they hear a crack then the bullet is close. Stop hating.
Enjoy the Trailer for Pacific Rim 2
Hell I thought this was TITANFALL!!!
with a world with giant robots... i have never seen the sky so blue
that big one over towers the jaegers
this Movie looks fucking badass I don't give three fucks about what people are saying about this movie fuck them haters I can't wait for it
How is name of the music?
God I loved the first one so fucking much. I wake up and this shitty remake exists?? I'm going to have an aneurysm this looks so bad.
Okay this obviously has mixed reviews and I can see where people reviews are coming from I have respect for that I think we should wait for the second trailer and see Will it give us more let's not judge the movie cuz we haven't seen it but that's just wait for the second trailer and if that is you know bad to some people they should have picked another director
I had been waiting for this for my fking 4 years . And you gave me this? Fuck you
YES THE DOCTOR OF PAFIFC RIM 1 HIS BACK :D IM SO HAPPY my fav jaeger its azure defiant he its the philippines jaeger first philippine jaeger
Okay, i just have a few comments to say about this trailer regarding pacific rim in a whole. For one, why do the new jaegers look like super nimble and shit and as if you werent powering a goddamn big ass mech. In the first movie, they were latched on the this thing on the floor so if they got hit, they wouldnt fly off and get raped by the walls of the mech. Now, apparently, they can just run in the robot easily. In the first one, you can tell that the pilots needed strength when they tried to throw a punch. I know the old jaegers all got fucked up in the explosion in the last movie, but still. Not trying to bash this movie yet, but i hope it's actually good.
Hi Glados. Long time no see
I need the song in 1:00
I like Japanese Anime Super Robots?
Hah yes. Looks worse than the first one by far.
Everytime Chinese investment involves a movie it becomes shit.
I think that all the monsters combined to the big one bigger robot people loll
Day man, fighter of the night man. Campion of the sun. \nDay man. Master of karate and friendship. \nDayman ahh ahh aaahhhhhh
Well I guess we found Lincoln Clay Mafia 3..the movie though look meh
This gives me the chills.
This isn't the power rangers ?
doesnt look like theres weight to the motion, the whip flings that kaiju aside like an origami tiger
Don't like it.\nWrong approach, this is supposed to be a fun, stupid, colorful, wild almost B movie. Instead we get a Transformers-PowerRanger mediocre mashup that takes itself too seriously... sigh.\nWhat is wrong with you Hollywood? I had great expectations for this sequel, but now I see it's the same shite you tend to produce when you don't like to think about something new, and instead you pick someone elses project, fire him and everyone that made it unique, and make this crap.\nIt may work with teenagers who watch Transformers, but not with the people that loved the original. I'm not gonna pay for this one.
HOW DARE YOU use 2pac's music in vain???? for such a SHITTY LOOKING sequel.\nI mean the 1st movie was MEH'.... but this looks like FUCKING ASS!!!!
for those of you wondering the song for the war ready part the song is War Ready by Vince Staples
Shit better than this film
Look, if you're going to rip off something as good as Evengelion, then shouldn't you realize that the best part of Evangelion isn't the mechas or the fights, but the human character development.  Of I forgot...we don't do character development in modern movies.  At least the first movie had some.
the trailer is lit but still dont know about how good the movie is
I'm just gonna give this movie a chance for the simple fact that they put vince staples on the trailer
Is that Glados I hear?
So is this movie when all the Power Rangers come together in the end?
Its a coooolllll movie,, i like this movie PR
Watch full moviePACIFIC RIM 2 Click on the link\nhttp://ecut.it/TNvK
I just peed a little
It's Power Rangers
I didn't expect this!
That moment I recognised the Voice of GlaDOOS in the second part of the Trailer :3 :3
I find it a more than a little ironic to have the voice of GLaDOS encouraging humans to join with machines to save the world.
Why did they have to rachet hoodrat the trailer/movie?
Ohhhhh\nThis Give me The chills\nI´m Going to watch Pacific Rim 1 Now \njust To Contain my excitation
Mecha has little point without an overexaggerated deeply philosophycal story about gods and politics and life and whatnot
Comparing the quality of the first movie , looks very disappointing .
Kaiju evolved to cybernetic mech (this is why they looks like jaegers). I think so.
They look way too lithe and quick to really feel huge. I'm gonna be the super-optimist and assume they sped it up in the trailer... yeah... that's it...
Great, another Transformers movie. Not like we have enough of those. \n\nWhy must every action movie these days be made in order for them to sell toys? And what does that say about us that actually accepts it? \n\nThis looks like shit compared to the first one.
Bruh is that the Portal voice actor at the end?
I like the music and it looks bad ass
What is that closing music, post-trailer?
Transformers 6 the real aliens
Music: vince staples WAR READY and 2Pac - Untouchable (Swizz Beatz Remix) (Featuring Krayzie Bone) like so people can see it :)
Why do they change the Jaegers overall appearance? Yeah they were supposed to be newer versions but come on the previous designs were awesome.
whats the song's name?
Yo Glados is in the movie
Too much power ranger vibes,but looks super cool that all the jaegers have different weapons.
1:02 Holy hell he is coming back :DDDD
What category is that?
probable the worst music for a trailer i've listened to
1:43 You need to see this cliche DING!
Song
what the song ?
2:17     Glados everyone
the kaiju combined like transformer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Was that glados voice
wow! the power rangers!!!
Love the song 😍😍😍
Ffgffv
destiny 2😂😂😂
oh no they've ruined it fucking feminist and anti white message movie
Did Michael Bay direct this shit? The first one was fun, but this looks like a complete abortion
What is doing Glados in this trailer ? O_O
TOP SHELF GRADES AA MEDICAL MARIJUANA AVAILABLE FOR BOTH PATIENTS AND SMOKERS \n\nText or call: (602) 730-2457 \nEmail: ...ph106699@gmail.com\n\n*Sour Diesel :::::::::::::::Grade: A+ Top Shelf\n*Grand Daddy Purple ::::Grade: A\n*Sensi Star x ak47 :::::::Grade: AAA\n*Afghan Kush :::::::::::::Grade: A\n*Northern Lights #5 ::::::Grade: A+\n*Lemon drop:::::::::::::::Grade: A+\n*Purple Kush:::::::::::::::Grade:A+ Top Shelf\n*OG Kush ::::::::::::::::::Grade:A++ Top Shelf\n*White widow............ Grade A\n*Lemon kush..............Grade A\n*Blue berry,\n*Bubba kush\n*Purple-urkle .\n*Skywalker OG\n*Blackberry Kush\n*Headband\n*Master Kush\n*Baba kush\n*Blue Cheese\n*King kush\n*Pink kush\n*Apple Indica Sativa White weadow\nwe also have pharmaceuticals xanies 2mg bars,oxies 30s percs 10mg etc  \n\nplace your order via \nhttps://www.facebook.com/Medical-Marijuana-Weed-and-Seeds-753250294815548/\n\nText or call: (602) 730-2457 \nEmail: ...ph106699@gmail.com
I miss the old characters this movie is shit this no fucking power ranger
Out In Theaters in March 2017 enjoy.......dj42
''There is something you should see'' and this trailer has a lot of stuff we shouldn't...
I'm so exiting for the movie,I can't wait
This trailer looks cheap and fancy shit compared to first movie. Its just like power rangers on steroids, fuck that. Also wtf is that jaeger vs jaeger thing?
FilmSelect Trailer can you please stop puting the two trailers to gether
what is the name of the song ? (background\n)
i only came for the comment section, i knew the trailer would be ass
looks like cartoony pwer rangers
GLaDOS
lol Nigga in main actor =)))))
Power rangers meets transformers
Music ??
WOW👍👍👍👍
like evangelion ?
as good as atlantic rim
Pacific Rim 2 XD
Fucking nigger music
Cool! Robot Jox 3!!
Tupac
Only came for Vince Staples.
Oh dear. I loved the first Pacific Rim with all my heart but this looks fucking ridiculous.
For those who keep complaining about a good movie shut up
The New Jaegers looks fake\nAnd the weather which is clear makes it worst
THIS is soooooooooo FUCKING awesome i can't wait , i don't care what any one says im soo fucking HYBED
First one had a really strong emotional attachment. This one has nothing. Just big monsters fighting. Why??? Just for a great 3d experience. Directors should know audience must feel the movie. From the heart. That's how James Cameron made himself. Learn amatures
Wait a minute... That voice is GLaDOS?
Apply for real register Passport ,Visa,Driving License,ID CARDS,marriage certificates,diplomas etc for sell.\npassport,citizenship,Id cards,driver license,diplomas,degrees,certificates service available. Tourist and business visa services available to residents of all 50 states and all nationalities Worldwide. are unique producers of Authentic High Quality passports, Real Genuine Data Base Registered and unregistered Passports and other Citizenship documents.I can guarantee you a new Identity starting from a clean new genuine Birth Certificate, ID card, Drivers License,Passports, Social security card with SSN, credit files, and credit cards, school diplomas, school degrees all in an entirely new name issued and registered in the government database system. We use high quality equipment and materials to produce authentic and counterfeit documents.All secret features of real passports are carefully duplicated for our Registered and unregistered documents.we are unique producer of quality false and Real documents.We offer only original high-quality Registered and unregistered passports,driver´s licenses,ID cards,stamps,Visa,school Diplomas and other products for a number of countries like:USA,Australia, Belgium,Brazil,Canada,Italian,Finland,France,Germany,Israel,Mexico, Netherlands,South Africa,Spain,United Kingdom.\n*\nCONTACT OUR SUPPORTERS\n*\nContact us on>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>whatsapp(+1518-707-4008)\n*\nGeneral Support>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>email us(prodocument77@gmail.com)\n*\n*\nORDER ANY UNIVERSAL DOCUMENTS YOUR OF NEED\n*\nPASSPORTS\nID card\nSocial security card\nDrivers License\nCanada Cards\nUnited States Cards\nStudent Cards\nInternational Cards\nPrivate Cards\nAdoption Certificates\nBaptism Certificates\nBirth Certificates\nDeath Certificates\nDivorce Certificates\nMarriage Certificates\nCustom Certificates\nHigh School Diplomas\nG.E.D. Diplomas\nHome School Diplomas\nCollege Degrees\nUniversity Degrees\nTrade Skill Certificates\nValidate SSN Number\nUS green cards\nCounterfeit dollars/euro\nSpy Products\nVoice Changers\nListening Devices\nInvisible Ink\nDMV Record Inquiry\nBackground Check\nInvestigate Anyone\n*\n*\nCONTACT OUR SUPPORTERS>>>>>>>>>>>whatsapp(+1518-707-4008)\n*\n*\nGeneral Support>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>email us(prodocument77@gmail.com)\n*\n\n*\nRegistered and unregistered passport of all countries.visas,biometric passport,degrees,drivers license,I.D cards.Training certificates M GCSE, A-levels,High School Diploma Certificates,GMAT,MCAT,and LSAT Examination Certificates,Novelty Birth,Marriage,and Death Certificates Novelty Passports and New Identity Packages,Replicated,Real Degrees/Diplomas from most post-secondary institutions from around the world (we have over 3000 templates on file) all designed to look 100% identical to the original.Custom Printing (if we do not already have the template on file – simply email us a copy and we can make any alterations/modifications as per your directions).second, citizenship, identity, identification, documents, diplomatic,nationality, how to, where to, get, obtain, buy, purchase, make,build, a, passport, i.d,British, Honduras, UK, USA, us, u.s.,Canada, Canadian, foreign, visa, Swiss, card, ids, document\n*\nBUY REAL DOCUMENTS\n*\nour contacts include ex private investigators, consulates, high ranking government personnel's and experienced seasoned experts, we have solid connections with higher personnel's on all areas of real register documents and passport change in these Countries who are linked to the passport agency in each of these countries and with the help of their connections, all our clients demanding any citizenship document or passport from any countries are 100% assured as well as guaranteed of receiving very high quality real genuine registered documents that can never be identified as fake!! Not even an expertise custom official or machine can ever dictate the document as fake since the document is no different from Real government issued! All our Real genuine data base Registered citizenship documents have your personal data registered in the data base system and 100% machine readable. Feel free to get the additional detailed information about our services. Sincerely hope to find a way to cooperate with you. If any of these products interest you, please feel free to contact us. We will give you our best price upon receiver of your detailed inquiry.\n\nContact us on>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>whatsapp(+1(518)-707-4008)\n*\nGeneral Support>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>email us(prodocument77@gmail.com)
What happened to Raleigh and Mako? Why are they Not on the Movie?
Free update and people are complaining.\n\nWow, please ignore them Frontier. A lot of us love the free content we are getting. Keep up the good work.
To everyone saying there disappointed. Once again it's another FREE update. With Jurrasic World on the horizon, the could of asked for money. But they didn't. They gave us another free content pack after a YEAR of content with a total of 20$ in paid DLC. If you were playing Cities Skylines you would of spent at least 50$ on DLC already.\n\nNot to mention this is the 1st stream with more to come. They didn't even announce a release date for the update. They have more in store.\n\nSo to all the keyboard smashers who are crying about how we didn't get enough, we did. Trains swapped. New flat ride. New coasters. Picnic benches. The list will go on. Thank you Frontier / Planet Coaster for another wonderful update.
Hi Planet Coaster, I have few more ideas for the game: \n- It can be good if we could make attractions more original ( like changing the height of the screamenator)\n- Can you do a ferry for making little tours ( like in Disney Land in Paris )\n- Can you do Coaster which are launch on an ascent ( like Space mountain in Disney Land in Paris), and launch coasters whith a Square rail ( like Kingda Ka )\n- Can you do like differents types of trains for one type of Parkour ( if I want to do Kingda Ka, I can only use the Ferrari train)\n\nI'm very happy whith cascade, I wated for it long Time ! \nI'm french so there might be mistakes but I love your game, continue to improve it.\nI hope you'll read this, and like if you are agree !
Make a update that you can controle the age of the coasters and rides
I love building theme parks thank you for this amazing game and congratulations for this first anniversary 👏🎢🎡
Picnic benches !! I want beach chairs ! LOL no this will be a cool update. Thanks frontier.
Thank you for continuing to bring us so much content for free! Fantastic team of devs!
Where's the skyride
PICNIC BENCHES!!!!
When I saw scenario editor in the video description, I almost fell off my chair ! I'm so happy !
Still waiting for a fully-fledged expansion pack like water parks, zoos, or even dark rides.
Im exited for cascade, but a bobsled coaster is still something im waiting for fronteir
We need the infinity coaster sooo bad
Please make a bobsled coaster
Thank you! I as just starting a greece area in my park and I was complaining all the time that there's no water coaster!
Am I the only one who noticed the Shroom ride arms being the shape of a Swastika?
I just love how people still complain that this update is not enough. Really? I mean all the new mechanics that's just not enough. Jesus Christ people.
i really like the swastika ride
love it can't wait.. but will there ever be save path to blueprint ... that would be so awesome and would make it easier to snap an blueprint to the ground
why can't they make planet coaster free?
Can't wait for the update, looks so freaking good:)
Can you please add a reguöar wild mouse, like the one at bakken in denmark
I still hype this game its such a great game. I hope you expand it even more with more content such as country based stuff for example Japan themed content :D
id love to play this in VR
You guys are doing such fantastic work after all this time. Thank you for bringing beauty and true creativity for tycoon games of this generation. :) I love this game so much and it has made me really get that enjoyment I use to have playing these games back in the day. Such talented and epic developers! THANK YOU!
I don't know if you guys will see this or not but I just want to say thank you so much for being, well honestly, the best dev team I have ever seen. You guys genuinely show concern about us players and that, to me, is the most important thing when dealing with consumers. Again, thank you for adding so much free content and showing the PC community how much you care!
This update looks interesting. I think the updates to staff management may be a little too complex, but I'll give it some time to see. Tables are an awesome idea, now I can make a themed, sit down cafe. Some updates I would like; The ability to explore your park as a guest (could work with vr), Water transport rides and other transport rides, and maybe some way to incorporate a hotel.\nOne thing I like over RCT3 is that guests factor in the transport rides when navigating to a ride. One complaint I have is the fireworks placement and sequencing. I prefer the old RCT3 sequencer and being able to place generic launchers and just place the various elements in them.  \nThis game is still very addicting, so keep up the good work.
Just read the comments and I haven't played the game yet so obviously I can't relate to the complaints, but this is a pleasant surprise because I was considering buying it and this is a nice push into wanting to buy it even more, thank you Planet Coaster :D
I will cry when we see the day when they finally add motion simulators
Free stuff? I love free stuff! Thank you so much, Frontier, for continuing to develop the game! :) Still so much love being thrown into this game and your other big projects!
I'd love to see sit-down restaurants where you can customise the layouts of tables and stuff, and also picnic areas for parks (families sat down on grass and stuff) haha I know these are pretty menial requests, but it would add such a level of immersion
I don't get it, it's frontier's game, they do what they want to do with it, it's free and fantastic, thank you frontier for giving us free updates and we love your game,
Good progress, getting the management side of things up is needed .. I would love too see you  guys increase the AI interaction priorities, have guests stop and interact more with each other and staff in random ways .. more random AI animations like stopping to take photos ... also have them use benches more diversly, rather than just go to closest bench.  Everyone walking around in a giant heard like zombies feels a bit weird.
Awesome features! I'd love to see a weather system.
Very nice stuff, reminds me the Theme Park and Theme Hospital era.  The next game will be the Planet Hospital? xD
Looking forward to it, can’t wait! The devs do a wonderful job on this game, you’ll can be very proud of it. Thank you for showing my Pixel Island park in the community video, so cool! 😍🌎🎢
Just a quick thing, I find the white background behind the speakers distracting... it's far to bright... the best moment was transfereging from a video back to the stage with a nice black background.
It would be cool to see the addition of track drop sections & track switches. pretty damn cool so far though.
Would really like to see a water slide / pool dlc
Looks great, not much content though which I'm hoping means they are working on a water park expansion behind the scenes ;)
I always love the free updates it seems like some cool content in this one! I will also pay to see WATER PARKs please!?
yo when it showed the gient robot Phix made i immediately went to the steam workshop to download it
When is the release
When is the update coming out
this should have been named the round of applause panel
What happened to showing us a roadmap for future DLC and updates? Overall, like most have been saying, I feel like this updates a bit lackluster. However, I appreciate the free updates, and hope they continue!
Unbeliveble what this Team fo us do. Thank you very much Frontier for your work and the next Update.
Wow, scenario editor. This. Just. Got. Real.
I hope the rode is going to be a intamin launch
Doesn't that Wise Horn Canopy ride normally have more Hills in the circle? It seems so flat here. I remember as a kid there being more hills.\nLooking forward to the ability to change cars on tracks.
Is that the Star Wars kid?
For the peeps upset about the content.. I'm sure theres more than they previewed here.  The 1 year mark for this game is a big deal considering what it started out as. I'm sure the PC Team have a lot more in store to mark it.  I'm really excited to see the adjustments to staff management.  I hope that trend continues and we get a much more in depth management system delivered over the next year.  In all honesty, the management aspect of the game needs a lot of love. There is so much potential there.  Lets hope the next 12 months see the game move forward even more.
WOW that water coaster so nice
Frontier is awesome! Best developer in years.
Planet Coaster, when will this Update be released to the Public?
I would PAY PAY PAY for much more content. I want DLCs, Addons, ... love this game :-)
I'd happily pay another $30 USD for Waterparks. Fewer assets than Animals and Safaris plus I'd go back to playing the game again.
Did I miss when they said a date for it? Since it's anniversary does that mean it's coming in November?
Does anybody know if - and if yes, how - you can change the map size in the scenario editor?
Planet coaster: I am a big fan of Carnival flat rides and I was just wondering why no one has yet created the Double Farris Wheel that is usually seen at fair grounds?
I'm so thrilled to see you guys have made it this far. Your game is great and you all should be very proud.
Audio for Vocals is too Low and the Audio for Music too Loud.
I love the new water ride!
When can we download the update
Glass, Swimming Pools & lots of Scaffolding... That's what I want.
WATERPARK DLC
AW HEELL YEUUUS ❤\n\nSo excited :D
Scenario Editoooor!!!! 🍾🍾👏🏻👏🏻🎉🎉
S&S space shot next please!
Add swimming pools please
Need more water park & zoo dlc like RCT 3.
Audio?
wann werden den echte Glasscheiben entdeckt,oder erfunden??
OMG YES! Water Coaster! Side-Friction Wooden Coaster! Changeable trains!
Scenario editor!!! DAY MADE!
Frontier, well done!!
We need waterparks!! (I'm frensh)\n;)
go channel5gaming
I'd love to see functionality to make true racing coasters (synced-up parallel stations) or even functionality for track switches (taking cars off or adding cars to the track when rides get busy)
What do you think is the unannounced coaster?
Those interesting name of those rides! How do you guys come up with the names of them?
I want the soaked DLC for Planet Coaster! ;P
Thank you so much Frontier for the staff management features! This is what I’ve been hoping for since I first heard about the game being developed!
With that matterhorn ride that is coming in the future, if I rode that in real life I would probably die from hyperventilation, because I would be worrying that I would run out of air.
I thought Silv created Garuda and added Rudi later on in the series?
I first bought this game last year, and somehow didnt like it, and gave it back via steam refund. Bought it again this year, and fell in love with it.... was it me who changed, or did the game change that much?
First I want to make a shoutout to the people who are making amazing Planet coaster content but are really struggling to get heard. Usually these so called ''featured creators'' get the majority of the attention. Who came up with that? It only encourages elitism.\n\nOkay, 1 new flat ride, 2 new coasters, a staff management building, picnic tables, scenario's and the ability to place different cars on same tracks. \nI'm so glad this update is free because just like the spooky pack, wich wasn't free... this is basic game content.\n\n Take picnic table for example, Zoo Tycoon 1 already had this feature and that game is 16 years old...\n\nScenario's. About time... I know many park simulation games wich already had this feature at the launch of the game.\n\n1 new flat ride and 2 new coasters. The coasters are nice. But i've expected more in terms of flatrides and track rides.\n\nI like the staff building, adds more realism to the game.\n\nPlacing different cars on same track. Good, a feature which screamed to be added.\n\nIt doesn't harm to be critical and we should not applaud every nack they add to the game that isn't really new and innovative.
Are We Finally Getting Dynamic Weather after the billionth ask?!
A couple of in game scenarios would've been nice.
I can't even play this game anymore :( takes too much to run it. I have a super good $2500 computer and I still can't run it
Okay, this would probably be a lot of work, but I had to get the idea out there before I forgot, anyway. \nMy idea is scripted live-action stunt shows, like the ones I've seen in every theme park ever. Wild-West shows, the pirate ship battle show, I've even seen a Batman one at Six Flags.\nThe base is a stage area, on which you can place scenery, and hired staff are actors in the show. You can create a script that the actors follow. Run here, shoot there, fall down onto airbag after being shot there... etc etc. I'm sure these guys could create amazing things with a tool like that in the game. \nAnd what park guest doesn't like to get off their feet and enjoy a show??\nI dunno, I think it would be awesome to see what people could create. The possibilities would be endless!!
All I want is to be able to build on the train station grid!
This game has amazing art and graphics, but i get bored with it fast. I think RCT3 is still more fun than this boring gameplay. Also I think the theft and vandalism thing sucks and should be able to be turned off in the settings.
That crowd is terrible! This people did all this work and people barely clapped! How dare they!
I was hoping for alot more. More Scenery stuff more rides more coasters, but...
The coolest game ever \nBut I would like a PS4 version \nI don't know if it is possible but ...
Just glad it was streaming I would of been as excited as people in the room ( dead silent ) after the 3 things were announced yippee saved £ on this clowns blowing there own trumpet over Notting lol
Don't hype this up to be groundbreaking new updates and then deliver this. You shot yourselves in the foot with this one Frontier.
I expected a bit more :( The water coaster is cool but i really don't care about the management stuff.
Where's the macOS release?
Great looking Q but Eater obviously hasn't visited many BBQ joints in America.  😂😂😂
This video is brought to you by the NYC tourist board of overpriced, knock off BBQ for the hipster set commitee. No Franklin's, no Carolina pit BBQ joints, no KC BBQ, no Memphis or Alabama BBQ? Not even the birthplace of smoked Q in Lockhart Tx, Kreuz, Smittys or Blacks? This isn't a list of the best BBQ, this is an advertisement aimed at the inexperienced BBQ hipster who wants to be cool. Real BBQ connoisseurs know this is the most bogus Q list in America! Very disappointed Eater!
Very sorry, but having 2 Joints in NY on the Best in America List is absolute BS buddies!!
Franklins BBQ! If it's not on your list, it is not a list of good BBQ.
Wheres Franklins BBQ?
2 places from New York?  GTFO of here!  This is expensive bbq for suckers.
More Like Top 5 BBQ Joints From People in NY
How is Franklins BBQ not on this list!! Eaters gotta go do their homework.....
How can you list 2 NY bbq places, and not list any Carolina bbq!?!?
Just putting NY once shows not to trust this list, but they did it twice. Dislike.
Why not Franklins BBQ?
First eater I'm going to thumbs down, not for the quality but the content. 2 from new york, no franklin's which there is no argument, it IS the most popular BBQ joint in the US. No Kansas City, no Memphis. I wouldn't have complained until you said some korean BBQ joint in Atlanta was the number 1? WTF?!  go home eater, you're drunk.
Oops!  Looks like there's been a typo.  Pretty sure the headline was supposed to read Eater's The Only 5 Barbecue Joints We Ever Visited in America (Where We Had B-Roll Left Over).
So the title should read Two New York and Texas places and one Atlanta place. They havent even touched Kansas City, Memphis or even the two different styles of BBQ in the Carolinas. Like people have said you didnt do anything over Franklins while in Austin or even went to Kruez.
Franklins??????
Unless title has changed I'm pretty sure this says Eater's top 5 favorite barbecue joints in america not best bbq joints in america  i dont understand why so many people are getting salty
This is a strange concept for a video. And the sound was wonky.
Maybe not top 5 but que still looked pretty tasty
Who else replayed the first part over and over again?
Very lazy video. All you did was rehash b-roll from 5 places Eater had already filmed at and then put them into some arbitrary order. There is zero new content.
worst top five anything ever .......ppl in New York don't even believe it.
how is a place where absolutely no pork product is served one of the best in america? ribs and pulled pork are not so important?
Seems biased towards texas style/beef bbq except for the korean one.
No Franklin's and no Smoque? You guys are amateurs.
more than a THIRD of the American population is obese....no wonder why (smh)
As an NYC resident, I'm absolutely loving how triggered everyone is getting over this list.
As a North Carolinian, this list offends me.  Eat at 12 Bones, Bum's and Skylight Inn and then do a remake of this video the right way.
Ok.. i'm droooooooling right now!
This is the first time I have downvoted a video of eater. This video is BS!
Clearly phoning it in with this segment. A top 5 BBQ without Franklin’s is a joke.
So the best bbq is in NY??
Step 1. Go to Austin, TX.\nStep 2. Remake this video\nStep 3. Profit?
It’s favorites you morons - not best
lol 2 NY BBQ restaurants\nThey should rename this The Time One of our NY Staff Went to TX
I was going to say something here about Eater people being high to put 2 NYC joints in here, but my BBQ brothers & sisters got here before me.  Get off the subway, Eater people, and go eat BBQ in the real world!
La BBQ is amazing, havne't been to Snows though.
I haven't been anywhere in KC that belongs on this list.
Wtf where is franklin's
I love eater.com, but this list is beyond pathetic.  I don't know whether to be mad or feel sorry for you guys.. 2 NYC?? smh
Where is ol Rudy's bbq in Jackson ga
This is a joke. I noticed Memphis is not even on their top 23 list. I guess because not “Eater city”.
I was just staring at the meat thinking the jibber jabber about the best joints was coming at some point in the time space continuum.  But I have to give you props for just showing video, with cool music and no mumbo jumbo.\n\nTotally missed the top joints but I'm also totally cool with that.
Oh how I love the comment section on Eater
damn you guys have to get better sound editors. 9/10 of your videos are so quiet my dog cant even hear it
wait.. i love this vid cuz of all the meats but wheres franklin at??
Whose list is this?! You must be from NY.
Eater this is sad even for you. The travel channel tv show food paradise did a whole hour special on the best places to eat bbq in the country. They even shows franklins.
No Joe's Kansas City? No Franklins? 2 NY places? Come on man... Worst top BBQ list ever.\nThey got our views though so... They win.
This is the reason why is watch this channel
No Franklin's? You gotta be kidding me
Eaters top 5 BBQ joins in america, except we did not want to travel far so these 5 will have to do.... \nnone of the well known iconic and best BBQ places in the list....... wtf
eater is so corrupt how can 2 new york places be in top 5 bbq places. the owners of those 2 restaurants must paid you alot to say that.
sorry, this is fashionable bbq vs real and delicious bbq.
I just ate breakfast and this still made me hungry.
Some of those had nice smoke rings on them.
dude, you're going to start a war in the comment
Kansas City? Memphis? NC? I LOVE this show, but wow this is the worst BBQ list I ever saw.
See, these kind of ignorant posts makes a semi-successful youtube channel such as yourself who is just beginning to establish a reputation, discredit themselves. disliked and unsubscribed for lack of trying, good job eater.
No Franklin's GTFO!  Also no Memphis or Carolina or Kansas City BBQ joints represented delete the Meat Show permanently!  Snows is awesome at least you got that right!
There's no way any NY should be on the list, hipster.
And Franklin's?!?
few things make me salivate more than delicious looking BBQ. I'm not pro, but it makes me miss my smoker, my next apartment or townhouse needs to allow charcoal lol
This one is clearly missing a part of the title! It should go like Top 5 Favourite BBQ Joints in America, that aren't Franklin. Get your editors to work, Eater! xD
High Dollar imitation city Q. You need to get out more for BBQ.
Y'all don't get out very often do you?  Good BBQ in Brooklyn? Give me a break.
Looks like eater is starting to run out of ideas they're starting to recycle existing content like the Gordon Ramsey channel and great big story
lol all places should be below the mason Dixon line if you're talking about good barbeque
Obviously you have never been to KC.
Is it the edit or do all 5 restaurants essentially do the same thing?\n\nThere's a Korean restaurant and a Kosher restaurant and they're basically serving the same thing, low and slow smoked brisket. I get the rubs will be different, but come on guys, BBQ is such a rich field, where's the variety?\n\nEvery one of these looked like a Franklins clone. It would be great to see content producers cast a wider net and showcase places that are more original in their concept.
Black’s Texas oldest bbq!
Fake news
Texas bbq>>>>>>>>all bbq
Thisade me have sexual feelings
Damn.... just damn...
whoa no franklin bruh?
Yum, yes please!
Heirloom is soooo good.
Some of these briskets..smh
*NICE!!*
First!
U know Nick put that kosher place on the list due to his guilt.
Eater: where the purview is limited and the points don't matter! No Memphis or KC places...sad!
No Joe's KC or Q39? Not a valid list
Wtf is this cancer comment section. Title says Eater's top 5 barbecue places in America. Its Eater's opinion so they like whatever they may want to like. If they choose to not have Franklins, dont be butthurt crybabies about it.
BBQ is a touching subject to some... You bring this and that is the best people go crazy 😂 it's like bringing up politics and religion.
been to hometown bbq and its not that great.  shouldn't be on the list.
Ni you are always so beautiful and no doubt baby Harlow is going to be the same! Happy birthday lovely, hope it was the best day for you ❤️❤️
I think Casey is slowly picking up Nicoles accent <3
Epilepsy warning near the end
She's only 20 guys there both still so young they mightn't be ready to get married 💜
propose Case
When you going to propose to her x
Hope all ur wishes came true ni xxx
we've got he same birthday!!
I hope you enjoyed your birthday Ni💞Harlows Card was adorable! Casey is the cutest boyfriend ever💗
Awh this is so cute. Looks like the most lovely family birthday ❤
I found it so nice that you invited Anna to the dinner❤️
Why does he do what Alfie does at the beginning
Omg how is she only 20 xxx
Happy bday ni time to put a little something in that finger Casey
He got her an Xbox
Happy birthday ni keep being you 20!! 🎈🛍
I’m still waiting for that upload Nicole ;)
Wtf is this in my recommended :/ I’m not THIS bored
you’re honestly great parents and harlow is lucky to have you both❤️
is nicole british??
I never thought Nicole was 19 xx
This is #19 on trending
Ik someone that was there in that night
Nicole had a baby when she was 19!!
I hope ya had a lovely birthday and got what you wanted 😄🎁🎈🎈🎈
Honestly I'm not the biggest baby fan, but Harlow is THE SWEETEST thing ever, hands down the cutest baby I've seen in my life
Hope you had a lovely bday! 💗 you guys have the cutest family!!
You don't look 20
wow i thought u were 26
Random but where did you get the wrapping paper?? 😂😂😂 I like how you wrapped the presents haha xxx
Was anyone else cringing when he was on about the pole dancing
Hi it's my birthday Monday the 9th
Hope you had an amazing birthday Nicole! 💖👶🏼💋
Happy birthday ni 🥂would you mind checking my channel out?x
damn i wanna work at a haunted maze scaring people lol 19:27 shes so pretty
I actually so want to meet Jed. You need to do a video with him!!!
Happy birthday Ni. Harlow is so cute❤. Love you all.
Happy birthday ni we all love you 😘
#19 on trending 💗💗💗! Happy birthday Nicole💕😘 Harlow is such a lucky girl!
I hope you had a great Birthday Ni.
I'm 20 today! So you're a a day older ni!💖
Ni is 20 and this video is 20 on trending 🤔😂❤️
Hope you have had a great day today it's my birthday on Sunday
Casey I have the same birthday as nicole the 6th of october
Any small youtubers want to support each other? xx
I LOVE YOU THREE SM YOU HAVE NO CLUE💙💗💗💗💗💗💗
I thought ni was about 22!😱
Happy birthday Nea wow #trending once again absolutely smashing it watched from day one 🎉🎉👌
Happy Birthday Nicole  hope u had an amazing day !🎉🎈❣️
That thumbnail made you look like Victoria justice!
awesome that you put the warning about the flashing images!!! this is so important!! (your sister might take an example ;p)
you too are way to cute 😭😫
8:30 looks like Casey is strangling Harlow
Harlow is the cutest
You bunch of mongs like to get on trending.
Does she count as a MILF because of Harlow?
I’m 20 in two months and Nicole looks so much more of a 20 year old than me😂😅
Happy birthday . Sorry late ❤
#19 on trending ☺️☺️☺️
Happy birthday Nicole
Whats nicoles channel?
This bitch fire
Yasss ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
#15 on trending this video
Happy birthday Ni ❤️😊😘
15 on trending
happy birthday
Happy💞20th🌎Birthdayyy❤️😘
Tf is this shit 😂
Where were they?
Happy late birthday Nicole 😘❤️🎉
💕💕💗💗💓💓
Happy birthday ni love u xxxxxxxx
Happy birthday 🍰
Happy birthday 💖💜💘💕💖💜💘💕
Your vid is on 15 trending
Personalised number plate (NII H..)? 5:49
Omg nicole looked so white
TRENDING 17.
What she doing with this dweeb lol
Omg happy birthday sorry it's late I feel really bad ❤❤❤
Awe she's adorable💙she's a double of casey💛you are such good parents xx also hope u had a good bday❤❤😙
Hope you had a brill birthday Nicole
Nicoles should do a birthday haul on her channel
Happy birthday ni!! Hope you had a lovely day! ❤️❤️
Do another draw my life now you have go harlow
Happy birthday Nicole hope you had a good one
9 on trending guys! Happy birthday Nicole, love you all. been a fan all the way
Happy birthday ni💓💓 I bet Harlow wishes u a happy birthday aswell💕 hope you Casey and Harlow all enjoyed ur special day
It’s trending ur video 💜💜
What’s Nicole’s channel ??
Fuming can’t see her presents in this 😭😭
When your few month older than ni but you look so much younger than her gotta love baby face xx
#15 ON TRENDING WOOOO💖💖💖
Where is Nicole from originally?
How long have you and Nicole been together for
Happy birthday great day
What’s that place called you all went to?❤️
What’s ni YouTube channel name
Why are people complaining that its trending??? No one forced you to watch the video 😂
I think I should make the video shorter !!
I almost cried at 3:04! #RelationshipGoals
Mikey mousse
Wish I had a chance to ride that attraction before it was closed... alas, I wasn't even born yet. Still a great short though.
OH MY GOODNESS THIS IS SO MAGICAL!!! <3 <3 <3 <3
They did make a holloween short its on demand if you have spectrum
These are so cute and funny!
Walt Disney winking like I got you! just made my day
I don't like it
The amount of referencing here, wow!!! Everything from Pinocchio's opening song, to Disneyland's Nature Wonderland to an original park map. Heck... it even foreshadows the new Mickey ride in WDW! It also remains vividly entertaining!
I've been there before
Rated G Halloween movies in a nutshell0:57
This is definitely the true story behind Big Thunder Mountain
this is the pinnacle of humor i love these so much
It would have been funny if the ending was that they were dreaming and none of that happened
My cousin thought they were brother and sisters but nope 😂😂
Mickey has a beautiful singing voice
Thunder mountain reference?\n\n\n\n\n\nOops forgot the splash mountain reference
And so, they stuck in the Rainbow Caverns and live happily ever after😂😂
I love you 😘 so much and you can always be loved
Great throwback to Disneyland's old attraction
I don't know why, but i love 1:00 soooooo much!
Ummmm...  One question were are chip and dale?
Ha ha
This is a rip off of cuphead
Disney need to go back to hand drawn animation :)
I can't handle the amount of references in this one short.
I cant believe The rainbow caverns was a real place... I got goosebumps.
They were literally riding big thunder mountain
These are AMAZING, who is making these? And why arent they more famous??
make a  valentines day movie
I hope they make a ride out of this
IT'S MICKEY MOUSE...
Is supposed to be how Thurber Mountain was made??? Disney👏
that the best thing isee on the (hot shows) on youtube ...paint and fantasy
Cmon disney do what the creators of Cuphead did and go back to your roots this animation style sucks
This has all the charm of the old cartoon shorts they used to do! Love it!
Lol. I found this vid when it had 666 views.
Aww, this one was so sweet!! :D
The new Star Wars is looking great!
Who used to have these kinds of animations on cassette tapes  \n\nOnly 90s kid will understand
These shorts never disappoint me. They're the best!
I want a game in this animation style!!!! Like cuphead
Iowa
By 3:13 I thought it would end with a sad ending
I love those rats.\nThe ones with the plague.
I really hate the new mickey mouse animation design\nI remember when I was 10 they had the 3d/classic design..\nGood old days when disney actually cared about fans...
I'm sick of Disney adhering to these hetro-normative stereotypes
Splash Mountain anyone
Walt Disney 0:49 😭😭😭😭 RIP
These shorts are funney 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😃😂😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
Disneyland in the nutshell XD
I love mickie mouse❤💙💚💛💜💓💕
i love how they brought back Pinocchio :')
That was so good especially 0:07
I hope they make a Halloween short
Did they rly put. A goat next to TNT 😂😂
again, i ask myself how do i get here. haha
Ren and Stimpy may well be the most influential cartoon ever. Seems most cartoons these days share its DNA. Even Mickey now.
Did they just .... die ??
Is HotDiggityDemon the voice actor?
mickey mouse never seems to fail in making my day
I thought my animation was bad!
Come a long way since steamboat willie
This has only 4 shots that were from far away, causing a cramped feeling throughout it, in addition the idiocy of Mickey mouse in this short leaves Mickey giving me the impression of a dumb Mickey. Plus instead of letting Mickey learn his lesson we are provided with the idea  that blind faith leads to good things.
I didn't know Disney still made Mickey mouse cartoons
Did they.. die at the end?
What if this is the basis for the new Hollywood Studios ride lol
Why Is mickey mouse like SpongeBob? \nThis is the first time i seen one of the new mickey mouse cartoons are they all like this? Because im not fan of this
The sad truth is that Mickey and Minnie never made it out of that explosion, some say their spirits still haunt it to this day.
T H U N D E R  R A I L R O A D
When I heard that the short opened with Little wooden head from Pinocchio I immediately liked it because pinocchio is my favorite movie
????
Who else loves Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse ?
I want Duffy to be in one of these shorts.
Rats with plague I thought plague is done but not in Madagascar
Wow this bonus Cuphead level looks just like a Disney short!
0:57 BENDY?!
Is this a new Cuphead DLC?
0:48 your welcome
Disney land references
XD
Aw. cute.
Keep it up
Where's their Suspenders? #mandelaeffect
Amazing cartoon. Magnificent videos.
Leaked Cuphead DLC
Goals
This is amazing!
Qqqqq.k
Cuphead.
Minnie mouse HELLA THICC🍑
this animation style is too close hotdiggedydemon, creepy
Marzia and PewDiePie
Cool art style.
Nature: BUT WAIT THERES MORE
GASP GASP GASP GASP, EUHGA!!!!
666k views
I love Mickey mouse 👌 .
Cuphead
Said it before his call up that Winks is what England need ahead of every other English CM. Henderson and the likes seriously do fuck all. Don't assist, don't pass forward, don't slice open defensive teams etc. The only thing those plodders do is pass sideways like Crabs and run around like a headless chicken. Right now England should be looking at Dier/Winks/Drinkwater/Lewis Cook/Tom Davies/Loftus Cheek/Chalobah/Barkley/Ward Prowse. \n\nHenderson, Livermore, Ox, Sturridge, Delph, Wilshere (who needs to prove he can stay fit for a season), Shelvey are all fucking liabilities in so many ways from lack of skill, awareness to discipline and temperament.
What I like about this boy is he gets the ball and straight away he turns towards goal, too many English players panic and turn their backs and start passing back into their own area
Thanks for putting this on. I could watch this lad all day. Here, guys, is the future creative pinnacle of England's midfield. I've watched him grow with Spurs and he never has an off day. Always busy, always creative, quick and clever, combative and with a passing accuracy that just gets better and better. He will be our 'Little Iniesta' - Pochettino's words.
Didn't see Harry winking once what is this video about? That 7 seems pretty good though. Still a fit Wilshere is what England needs.
Already England's best player apart from Kane. Far superior to Alli and Rashford who constantly give the ball away.
He has good technique... for an English player
I hope to get rid of the disgrace of Henderson like Milner
gotta start at the world cup
time tovget rid off players like shelvey and livwrmore lol offer nothing
no more hendersson. hendersson lacks ability on the ball and he could only operate uaing his pressing and occassional long passes and switch play in a fast tempo pressing team like liverpool. when games slow down at international level he cant do a thing against dense defence. emgland has many technival players and wilshere barkely and winks could dictate play and play those through passes between crowd and create space. its time to use the proper man
Eric Dyer / Jack Willser / Daily Ella / Rose Barclay / Avey eijreya / Harry Winkes / Lewis Cook / Adam Lallana midfield should go to Russia and toss the dumb Henderson off the plane
7:27\nNO NOT TODAY \n(Korean)\nBUT NO NOT TODAY
The 797 people who disliked don't have a soul
Will someone tell Cristine that she's much prettier than this guru? Well I guess I will then...
I FOUND HOLO MAKEUP!!!!!\nI'm so sorry Cristine, I was going to send it to you but it was to beautiful! I used it!!!!!!!!!!! I really want to buy another one and send it to you! \n\nI'M SO SO SORRY!!!!!!!!!!
What do you use that brush for? \n\n...my face? \n\nLove ya Cris
Hey Cristine can you follow me back on snapchat my username is sarbear61506 thanks
First off I love your videos, they're hilarious and I enjoy them all.  Second, did you know that they are now doing water marbleing with hair?
Guys, I just did my eyebrows, what do you think\nWHERE WAS THE WHAT DO YOU THINK MONTAGE. IT WAS THE PERFECT TIME FOR THE MONTAGE!!!.
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT SONG SHE USES FOR HER MANDATORY NARCISSISTIC MONTAGE!!! PLEASE IF ANYONE KNOWS?
Did you know you had the same intro music as dean the vaping biker? \n\nhttps://youtu.be/bPVqJTGpuyw
She still looks like a potato
I asked my mom if she knew what holo was.. she said no.. then I asked her do you know what holographic is. She said yes. Then I yelled THATS HOLO SMART ONE
Hey Cristine I found a possible fake holo face/body paint here's the link:
Can you do aquarium nails without ruining your nails I’m curious
I don't want to say cheeto but... Lol jk this video was great!
MY NAILS BROKE YES WITH AN S THREE OF THEM ONE IS PEEKED AND THE OTHER IS LIKE BROKEN IN THE MIDDLE SO BREAK YOU NAIL INTO 1/2 BUT ONLY THE WHITE THATS MY NAIL AND OTHER had surgery
She looooooves the cream. *giggle*\n\nI hope I'm not the only one with a mind this filthy.
Do glow in the dark nails
I love that you can actually see that Nicol actually watched her videos! She gets all the referencces. Gotta love people who put some damn effort.
Christine has better makeup then Nicole almost
Cristine!!!! I've found it!!! Real Holo MAKEUP for yo' face!\nhttps://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/520887823/magic-holo-highlighter
Watching your videos with the subtitles on and the subtitles spelled your name right
OMG PLEASE DO A VIDEO ON HAND POSING please
@simplynailogical please do a “roast my subscribers nails pt.2”
What do you think? what do you think? WhAt Do YoU tHiNk?
So it says SimplyNAILogical...
OMG I love ur fucking videos  bigest fan #holosexual 😍😍❤❤❤
Holo vampire teeth
Holo slime video
10:31 THERE MULTIPLYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i nEED a nikkie collab
This is EVERYTHING
She's Slayin
Wrap the tip, ladies. Wrap the tip.
Simply nailogicl you need to wear cool toned makeup not warm tonded
She should dye her hair HOLO
Who else thought of Matthias when she said I'm dead inside
Any small YouTubers here that wanna be friends? 💕🌸
You need Halloween merch and it should say Black holo witch, BITCH!
You should do a 1000 layers of nail polish video \n\nLike if you agree
When are u going to marry Ben I want to see u in a HOLO dress.( like if u argree)
PLEASE MAKE HOLO FOOD PLEASE AND HOLO TEA PLEASE (like if you want this )H💿L💿
*I LOVE YOU GUYS U DA BOMB*
Cristine didn't said that WHAT DID THINK?!Thingy in 4:48
OMG HOW COULD YOU \nYOU DIDNT PUT IN WHAT DO YOU THINK AFTER WHAT DO YOU THINK BOUT MY EYEBROWZ
You guys are like TWINS!!!
Aaaah I hate when people get veneers on their top teeth and don’t spring the cash for the bottom!!! You have pure white top teeth, and normal bottom teeth! It’s so obvious! Tati’s teeth are the same. Drives me nuts!
hahahahaha! omg i can't help laughing. she look so cute
While you're down in the land of beautiful people you gotta do a collab with Shane Dawson
Got overly giddy when she had an OG Mandy Moore song!! :)
I have no idea who that girl is but the lip fillers she has makes her lips look awful. She's so pretty.. like why? Her top lip almost touches her nose
Omg plz paint my nails we can calab I also live in canada
Seriously the best makeup tutorial ever!
Go with James Charles or Patrickstar
Ok literally the what do you think part is my actual FAVORITE!
instead of doing the using kids makeup only challenge, you should do the using kids nail polish only challenge!
Before makeup: Cristines so beautiful! After makeup: AHHH A HORRIFYING MONSTER!\nIts supposed to be a joke.
Why are her lips lookin so fake !  I know there not 👎👎👎🌮🌮🌮
Wait, did you really think this was a nail art video? well your wrong. Never judge a book by its cover.
—> https://youtu.be/S1LsZ8HuOq4 Aquarium nails you should try to do it 😤👌✨
My mom is SO pale... she literally looks like paper, but my dad is naturally tanner so my mom has the same tone as Cristine and my dad is Nicol.... if you mixed Nicol and Cristine together THATS ME... I’m this weird coffee with a lot of creamer color
The thing is; Christine has really great facial features and looks bomb with makeup on.. but her makeup skills suck... I love watching these videos!
Christine actually looks pretty with or without makeup
Wow, uh, why is this being uploaded to your NAIL channel? Yeah, this used to be a channel about nails. She is trying too hard to be like the other beauty gurus and she isn't herself. Me and a lot of other people agree that Cristine is changing herself and we miss the actual nail videos. Nails, and her old personality are actually why I watched her videos. Notice how I said watched. She is doing too many collabs with BEAUTY VLOGGERS instead of actual other fucking nail artists. But to be completely honest, Cristine says herself in many older videos that she is an amateur and she is not professional. We miss the old Cristine.\nAnd, Cristine, don't send your army of fangirling 11 year olds at me, because when has a fetus ever hurt me? Never.\nThis shit is the exact reason I unsubscribed from her channels (yeah she has two channels, maybe this video should be put in the second channel) and her snapchat.
I DIDNT REALIZE YOU GOT FOUR MILLION
You should get Sylvia Gani for your next Get together on your beauty tour
Do a video with @sonjdradeluxe please!
Cris, u should write a book that's called How to be a basic bitch or How to be basic and one of the chapters should be called Sweatpants, bitch
When i first started watching her videos i thought she was annoying and now i kinda think she's super hilar
i love the song, can someone help me, what is this song called, where can i find it?
I really want to se her try the nail printer
I ABSOLUTELY LOOVED THIS collab! And she was actually helping you out 💕
WHERE ARE MY HOLOSEXUALS AT!!!
I think Christine should watermarble with the Cristan club it an nail polish
ATTENTION: COLLAB SUGGESTIONS\n\nNikkie Tutorials\njefreestar\nPatrickStarrr\n\nLike this to get Cristine to notice and also if you like donuts, ok bye😹❤
17 October is near isn't it :)
Omg Christine has a very humorous attitude and I love it
Try the Holo eye topper!!!!! Tati has already done it! Give her some competition.
So Nicol went a little wild with the lip injections. She's still pretty :3 Even though Cristine is better duh 8)))
Cristine... Your makeup is beautiful... But please... Don't stand next to beautygurus... PLEASE
to be honest, I never thought her contour was THAT bad. like, she only needed a little practice to get an A in this video
Please do a Simply Claylogical
I FOUND HOLO MAKEUP CRISTINE NAKED ILLUMINATED AURA!!!
Nicol Concilio looks low key like mylifeaseva 😂
*sees Cristines contour brush* ohhhh\nWhat? It says contour\n😂😂😂😂
I'll miss her shitty contour 😂😂
Nicole has such a satisfying laugh.
This is funny
Make a holo slime!!!!!!
Will you stop saying cuss words
Girl the contoure looks good but try a cooler gray shade that would be pretty’er than a warmer shade xx
Please do these beauty tour videos with Kathleen lights and Laura Lee 😄💕💕
WhAT Do YoU ThInK?
You should do a polish Mountain but HOLO!!!!!!!!!!!
Cristene when are u going too Nikkie Tutorials?😂H💿L💿
DO THE NEXT TEACH ME HOW TO BEAUTY TOUR WITH MIKAYLA SNOW!!!!
Holo from the other side.
Slaaaayin the game
Please do something with Jenna Marbles!
4:50  what do you think  \nHahahahaha
These guys are gonna help change the world
That type of song you can do in car rides... making love.. even Family party... or listening just by yourself late night by a neon fading light... ODESZA is pure magic  <3
i love the cookout aesthetic.\nAlso craving some cornbread rn !!
Odesza would always be my favorite band ever.\nso much love from Egypt <3
The beautiful side of America
You guys captured something powerful happy here :D
Shitt im not first
Beautiful. This touched my heart.
What are we doing in the comment section. ENJOY THE MUSIC
My speakers won't go loud enough for this one
:) like the video
Hermoso!!!
0:58 Best part ever
Красиво снято)
Odesza makes me so happy!
Wait, how old is Leon bridges?? I thought that album Coming Home was from like 50 years ago what is going on
Hey guys, I've recently made a mix that I think might appeal to some of you.\nIf you have some spare time on your hands, check it out! thanks.\nhttps://soundcloud.com/19untld97/sleepless-mix02
I was making a video basted in one of your songs (Rely) and i find out that now it has copyrights.It's about a shipwreck in Greece,is there any way  i can use your song..It's the only one that matched for me!!
Love this video! Matches the song beautifully!
I love that the guys make an appearance in the video...
Since October Good Music Been Showing Up :D
Yes, my favorite video from you guys! I am a big fan of Leon Bridges so its dope you all made the video on film and kept it authentic to your sound as well as his
What I really appreciate about this album is that they focused on sounds rather than beats if that makes sense. Like it freakin gives me the feels.
Please make a full album movie for A Moment Apart!
This gave me chills. Lots of beautiful emotion. Great job, guys, as always.
good song but why the black people
I just noticed ODESZA IS IN THE VIDEO AT 2:20
I love this song!  It's like how music from the 70s and 80s sounded, but in a modern way.  Finally music that I'm proud of, that was made during our present time
Hey guys please check out my new music YouTube channel. Thanks
Favorite off the album.
Everyone white girl just orgasmed at the same time
When i listening the album for the first time i think Its too different than old themes now some weeks later i fucking love this album :D
This makes me wanna be black! Just this communal, easy going vibe❤ Why am I so white haha:)
This it probably the only song they have ever made that I don't like
A Moment Apart-FAN MADE MOVIE!..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llEbJrs5MVs&t=25s
I feel more connected to my Afro-brother roots.
Heard the song live at Bumbershoot before the album came out and it's one of my favorites off this incredible album.
I want to be friends with Leon. He seems like such a humble and down to earth dude.
Notice Odesza at the party at 2:19? awesome video <3
Such a  nice music video.
sounds a little bit like Moby
I love this collab!
Subscribe to my channel and watch video stavte huskies
Просто БЛЕСТЯЩАЯ ПЕСНЯ! А вот над клипом можно было и получше заморочиться...
Am I the only here for Leon Bridges??????
Now never miss latest songs videos,Now available on playstore.\nplay.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bhangu.diler.MusicTube
on a sad day I feel good ..
2:19 , on the right, biggest stars of 2017
Perfect song for some wedding planning and stuff! Spread LOVE :)
My favorite song off the album. Can’t wait to see you in Chicago! ✌🏽💜💜
This song is uplifting... makes me wanna cry... I am crying now..
This album is so good. Like all songs from Odesza <3
I love this SO much❤
love it!! 😍😍😍
Odeaza heart and soul streaming through music ~ \n\nthis is how music has always been but interpreted in new shapes and forms ~ <3
underrated
Love it!!!!
This is beautiful
Musicão!
wow just wow <3
너무 좋다..🙏🏻💕💕💕
Well got damn...fucking smooth like fur coats an conyak lol
New Trailer https://youtu.be/GQpJNyVLzQE
There is a very obvious reason why this is my favorite song on the album. Very nostalgic feeling and amazing like all your other tracks, keep it up ODESZA!
Most killing track on this album
I can't wait to see them at the Lost Lake Festival!!
lol anyone notice odesza in the video
it's got that late 90's early 2000's feel. so good
Atleast 50% of the views here are mine
This song is so good :3
Odesza brings all the feels again.
Love Leon Bridges in everything he does!
Amazing. Masterpiece of an album and amazing music videos.
everything odesza puts out is flames
I like👍
1:33 Dave Chappelle? Sure as hell looks like em. @Kasperbeatz
Right on !!
Love!!!
Dis-likers = SUCK !
Hermosaaaaaaa😍
Everything about this.
Me lembrou Sense8
How incredibly beautiful!
♡♡♡
Nice song for backsound video 👏👌👍
100% Restored Humanity.
iine!!
Neat
fucking hell this is intensely beautiful
Me encantaaaaaaaaaaaa😍😍😍😍😢😢😢
Amazing.
omg just saw this so happy
Me encanta la humildad en este vídeo, excelente ODESZA💙
que album tan mas perfectooooo!, ojala porter sacara otro maldito album tambien
La puta madre, que buen vídeo y que buen tema!! Amo A Moment Apart 😍😍
Đây là một video hay... \nGreat video..
This is a beautiful song and a awesome music video
Track reminds me of Moby's Play era
This was one of the only songs from the album i did not think was absolutely amazing lol
terible...why him... as feat...shiiiiite
I love the voice over. Just fine to listen your voice. \n\n*Great recipe also. :)
Im so sorry, but your voice!!......
I am so excited right now.  These are my absolute favourite!
the way your voice increases in pitch at the END of sentences stresses me out so fucking much
What can I replace with rum?
How will this taste without the rum?
Pastéis De Nata ?!\nnope, não são .. but something to try.
Why the heck would you down vote this video?
Great content, but your voice cadence drives me crazy.  Who talks like that.
Your oven is incredible
#Forkdontlie
II love this show.
what the fuck is that accent \nare yo doing that shit on purpose?\nyou better not be
Will this recipe  work with the silicone canele molds?
FORK\nDON'T\nLIIIEEEEE
I would never have suspected beeswax to be the critical ingredient to these amazing pastries. Thanks Chef John
They look incredibility delicious 😍😍😍
is the rum important? is there a substitute or can i leave it out?
Cant find beeswax
I JUST LOVE EVERYTHING CUSTARD
Make carne asada fries!!!!
That up-talking!
Amazing, thanks!
my missus is crazy about them. and i never tried making them because i didnt have the canele moulds. so will definitelly try it now. just like luis vitton on how much to brush on
That's OK, they always look like that.  Indeed!  :D
Seems like it needs a sauce
The cannelés have never ever been crispy. At all. The real cannelés are chewy and tender. If you've made crispy cannelés, you've missed the recipe. But I guess that nothing is impossible with the Americans ... :)
SO I did as you said and looked them up.. Your sure looked much better.. But if you don't have RUM, what can you use in place of it?
Is there any option to beeswax my wife is allergic to beeswax
They taste like rubber from l'eclerc (equivalent of Tesco)
I thought Mike, Jay, & Mr Plinket were going to turn up.
His voice is so flowing, fast ups and  slow downs, making it easier to listen to.
Chef John, make something with hearth of palm please!
The beeswax you used certainly has some kind of additive to it (probably mineral oil, as that's the classic recipe for cutting board cream). Beeswax at room temperature is rock solid, there's no way you could spoon it out.
Boi that's a weird looking Yorkshire Pudding
I had one of these at a street fair at Laguna Beach this summer and I had no idea what they were called or where I could get more. Now I can make my own!
His sentences keep dropping off at the end. The video was great, but you need some vocal dynamics.
Why did YouTube put this on the trending list do they have ABSOLUTELY nothing better ? I'd rather watch someone hit their head into a wall over and over for 30 minutes
Can I use something else besides beeswax???
so the american one is short and fat .. wow you really embrace your shortcomings 'merica xD
Chef John! Congrats on trending!
Worst voice ever but nice tutorial
Next we need a kouign amann recipe!
Yo Chef John is trending!
HE SOUND LIKE YODA
Can you speak normally?
I really want to watch these videos but the way you say sentences the pitch in your voice using high pitch at the wrong places is driving me crazzzzyyyyy
Doesn’t mix dry items first = Invalid instructions
have the baking tray already in the oven, and have the liquid mix in a jug. Much easier to pour int he moulds, and you don't need to move the tray to the oven
I'm in the UK and we're currently watching the Great British Bake Off on TV (shout out to any other Brits watching it!) and I've been saying for years they need to set this as a challenge since its so difficult and unique! Now this is online I HAVE to make this!! I'm so excited!!
Do you realize you emphasize the end of every sentence
Now you need to make kouign amann.
This guys voice goes up and down in the most annoying pattern
Hello Chef, can you make a video about simple white loaf? i want to see your version :)
@chefjohn I really need some help about using my gas based oven. It doesnt have gas marks except a high or a low and I usually mess up baking anything in it. I would really appreciate a video on tutoring how to use one and the things one must br careful about while baking.
Wait ..no cayenne. Am i watching chef john or an imposter..lol
Did it reach her?
Oh my god thank you
Chef John is the chef version of DJ Khaled \nTHEY don't want you to SUCCEED
Damn it. I wanted to watch this but didn’t realize who it was. Mute.
Looks great I have a sweet tooth
The way he never ends his sentences bothers me lol
every sentence this guy says sounds like he's finishing the video
Why are you using such a weird speaking cadence? It's hard to listen to it
How do I explain to a picky eater that this isn't burnt; that it's actually a thing?
Yes!! My life is complete
Check out my products at little cost at www.trackq.xyz its a growing company and it needs your help! First 100 customers to purchase an item from the online store will receive a 40% discount on the already low prices here ! check it out you wont regret it .
Gotta admit I wasn't fully sold until that cross section.  Now I need ten.
Why does he talk like that? I’m not entirely sure what it is? It just bothers me
Talking with exclamation marks at the end of every sentence! Is so annoying! Even though the pastry looks fab!
I appreciate the cooking lesson but found the way you were speaking so annoying that I couldn’t even finish the video. I’m sorry. The repetitive rising and falling tone was just too much.
could you talk like a human?
Chef John! can you post a video where you accidentally scramble the eggs you're trying to incorporate? I think videos like that that show what to look for when you mess up would be really helpful
While I enjoy watching foodwishes, I can tell you quite certainly that I will never make this.
Why am I watching this . F i’m hungry by now
Yes! yes! Yes!  Trader Joe’s sells these in the frozen section and they are delish but I knew in my heart of hearts that homemade ones are gonna be really yummy.  I’m so glad you posted this video and this is on my “High Priority List”! Thank you! Thank you! I also am glad to have discovered that they have food grade bees wax for wooden cutting boards! You are the best!!!
Please give us a breakfast pizza videos no good ones on YouTube :(
I didn't have any beeswax. So I tried coconut oil. I worked just fine, and it turned out pretty good😄😄
why does he talk like that?
Why did you have to remind me of your lie in april 😭😭😭😭
Stop talking like that you piece of shit
Love this version! Will definitely try this.
The only thing that stopped me from making canele is the expensive molds ! Now I can’t wait to try your method chef John ! Thank you !
Your forever questioning intonation messes me up\n\nGreat video tho
Good to see you on trending...
FUCK YEA TRENDING PAGE WOOOOO.
So delicious 😋
Kaori Miyazono's favourite snack
Annoying voice, is annoying
Your thoughts on sous vide
It’s my first time here. Does he always end his sentences with inflection in his voice? I thought it was a joke at first but he never stopped lol
Nice video and I know some of you guys are gonna hate on me or some shit but I hate how your sentences always end in an end tone. If I had to listen to you speak for more than 10 minutes, I would choose temporary deafness for at least 24 hours. Sorry for being an ass but it's just so unsatisfying.
As a trained pastry chef, I have a great appreciation for making outdated recipes more modern and convenient.
The way he talks drives me crazy! The highs, and lows over and over. I can’t explain it! I want to scream but I love his simple recipes and how he simplified everything but aaaaargghhhhh anyone else feel this way?
His voice intonation is really weird...
Your lie in April...
Half in the bag
Savior John!\nI thought it was impossible to make it without the molds!
Beeswax? Your Voice Is NOT NORMAL! And these are NOT Vegan.
I'm not eating fucking beeswax wtf. Don't follow this dumb recipe.
I am loving LipSense on you!! I knew you would totally rock it. You're also SO brave to do it on camera the first time! It can be a little tricky when you start, but you make it look easy. 😉 Thanks again, Michelle! My Free shipping on a Starter Kit offer still stands for anyone joining Phenomenal Pout from your channel! Have a great start to your week. 😚
You should try putting on mascara before eyeliner. Because after the mascara dries it acts as a guide when u put on the liquid eyeliner. Also when u do this its much easier to put it on with your eyes open and to start from the end and move in with small strokes. Also when you start at the end have the pointy part of the eyeliner be towards your hair rather than your nose and then switch it so that the pointy end faces your nose which will make the line more even.
I wonder what your eyebrows looked like before you started plucking them that thin. Everyone is entitled to their opinion; I  personally prefer fuller, more natural brows.
1. youre so brave doing this vid!\n2. I use brow pencil (sephora brand) and dark eye shadow (NARS coconut groove) to darken empty spots lol. It is the most natural color i can find and even though it is pricey, it lasts for a year or two
love the lip on you. you are a beautiful lady!
What I really love are comments from viewers who are helpful, kind, and helpful with suggestions and good ideas. So many of your followers are incredibly kind and just lovely people...like you Michelle. Bless you all.
Sephora has a liquid green color corrector thing! My face is also really red, and I use that! It's Sephora brand, so it's pretty easy to find I think! It works really well for me and really makes a difference!
Hey Michelle! Your such a great a teacher and you inspire me on the daily! Also, when you do eyeshadow hold the brush closer to the end of the handle, and be really light! L;ove your Chanel and philosophy JL! X
@20:22 I'm probably going to have people like telling me throughout this entire video, like commenting and telling me what I'm doing wrong but I just, really don't care. I do me and you can do you and I'm not going to tell you how to live your life so don't worry about how I live mine ... I was like daymmmm okay okay girl, we're sorry XD
I also have a very watery eyes I gave up putting eyeliner. doens’t matter if I have a primer or not. Ugh!
It is possible to get rid of the redness  but it is something you have to go to the dermatologist
With the curling iron thing: MY HAIR FALLS OUT ALL THE TIME!!!
It's a big upgrade, but you can try Lancome double wear foundation (Department store) or something from Dermablend (at Ulta) and they should take care of the redness. =)
yes! i was also not allowed to wear a lot of make up and my first mascara was clear! Now that i'm older i am just now getting into it more but all through college i never really cared about make up and i never wore a lot. I also feel pretty grateful that i wasn't allowed to wear it because like you said i feel like it helped build up my confidence more. I
I loved this video! You looked amazing,I wish my hair could keep curls. I was just in Nebraska over the summer and it was very nice,I was in Omaha.
You just blew my mind with your age! You are so mature. I thought you would be older then me. I'm 24 and  don't have my life together at all!
It has been in the eighths,seventies and sixtheys in Ohio.
You did a wonderful job!
Michelle!! I did already comment on this but I am in Nebraska and would love to meet up with you guys if you're close to me! I teach 9th and 11th grade at a title 1 school in Omaha!
I live in Nebraska! Hope you have a great time when you visit!
If you are ever looking for a higher qaulity curling iron with several attachments, try Nume. I love mine and I bought mine years ago, still works great! They usually have promos on all the time
Loved the video!  You did amazing. One thing though, especially since you are oily, you should set with a powder.   I use airspun. You can get it at walmart, but I often choose it over my department store brands.
Since you have oily skin I recommend using a powder of some sort, you put it on all over your face (or under your eyes & extra oily spots) with a big fluffy brush to set your makeup. It also keeps your makeup from creasing and will stop the shine. I recommend the Maybelline fit me matte \nand poreless pressed powder or coty airspun translucent loose powder. Both are drug store and work really well! I will say though the coty airspun has a smell that kind of reminds me of a grandma, but I like it and it doesn’t bother me, also the loose powder will last a lot longer than the pressed one.
I love your videos! I watch when I'm getting ready in the morning. As a fellow teacher, I enjoy your positivity AND your realness!
you're a queen! keep being you! love your videos so much! -Maddie, high school senior
I LOVE this!  It is so real and very relatable.  I am dying with the eye liner.  I do the same thing when I screw it up and then just keep adding more and it turns out to be my whole eye.  I love it!  You are so real.  Keep being you!
NYX makes a full coverage green concealer that i use on my redness, and i feel you i've ALWAYS had redness on my face but this concealer is bomb and it's only $4.99 at ulta and on their website!
you are right don't listen to other people you look so pretty
I love your natural hair colour, especially when it is straight!!
A few tips (not that you're doing anything wrong, just if you're interested):\n\n1. For your eyebrows, you're doing a fine job! You could try the same product in a lighter color because that is generally more forgiving. Also, I might go a tiny bit lighter on the inner part, closest to your nose (the hairs there are usually more sparse there, so it looks more natural)\n2. For eye shadow, the general idea is to put a skin color all over the lid (up to your eyebrow). Then a little lower, above the crease, apply a slightly darker transition shade and blend. Then apply a darker shade in the crease and outer V. Do whatever color you want on the lid. That's it! But any colors/techniques work, whatever you like. I find the more important thing is finding good brushes (not expensive, just ones targeted to what you need). I use 2 small fluffy brushes (one to apply eye shadow and one to blend) and one really small brush for the more detailed crease/outer V work. I rarely wash my brushes either ;)\n3. Eyeliner is always hard! I find that the type of tip and the formula really matter. You have to experiment and find the one that works for you. I like a really thin line, so I like a really long and thin tip. You can also do a pencil eyeliner instead, which might work better for you if it feels more natural in your hand.\n4. All your face stuff is perfect!
You are probably dealing with rosecea. It cosmetics cc cream and bye bye readness would be excellent. The founder of the company has rosecea. You can buy it from Ulta  *they have a travel size by the check out or  Sephora.(get a sample, free)
That was fun! I think everything you did looks really nice! I agree that beauty youtubers make it look so easy! I also have eyebrow issues and am thinking about microblading. I use a clear primer on my brows, then pencil, then a pomade type thing like you and gel. I'd recommend you also use eye primer under your eyes and contour the sides of you nose.
I don't understand the bad eyebrows comments at all!  I've never really noticed your eyebrows beyond the point of Hey, look! She has eyebrows.  They seem normal to me.
You’re amazing!
Loooooove it!!!!  Now I need to look into lipsense. Seriously, even the all day lipsticks don't work for me. 😨. You look lovely!!!
You look better in the first picture...seriously
This is litterally me everyday! I am so lazy i dont straighten my hair any more. Thankfully I have naturally curly hair so its not that big of a deal. Then Im like oh i am totally gonna get up and look cute. NOPE! On the days that I dont have to be in a class aka tuesday thursday I am on campus and just throw on leggings a hoody and a hat. Mama aint about that life if she doesnt have to be
L’Oréal infallible pro matte foundation is the best drugstore foundation for oily skin! It’s my favorite!
Try Elf brow pencils! They are $2.00 at my Walmart and do wonders!!!
Thank you , Michelle for everything you do! You have inspired me beyond belief! I'm so thankful I came across your channel months ago!
my parents were the same. I didn't wear makeup until senior year of high school and it was a small quad from avon
As for your hair, try a red, not red red but like with gold highlights.
Makeup may not be your thing but hair sure is! I can never curl your hair that well. I really enjoyed watching this video! Love you!
OK, so that  comment by 'StoryKid' was actually by me, Judi Brown..Storykid is my son, and he hadn't logged out! Sorry...
Watching this while getting ready for my field placement this morning!
Hey Michelle. You should definitely try Avène Antirougeurs Jour - redness relief moisturising protecting cream. It’s a moisturiser with a sensitive skin in mind. Not sure of stockists for you as I’m in U.K. but definitely check it out because it has a slight green tinge to it, to combat the redness as well! \n\nAlso watch Lisa Eldridge tutorials - she has fantastic ones for redness solutions, easy tutorials, high-street (or drugstore in US) best brands. Definitely check her out :)
You have a beautiful heart beauty is on the inside not on the outside
I'm that girl who has here eyebrows snatched and have highlight and blush on, and curled lashes but has no foundation or any skin product, not even moisturiser, only because I don't like face products, and like everything else. And I don't wear mascara cause I wear glasses. 😂 also, I do eyeshadow & liner only when I feel like it. Maybe if you mixed ur foundation you could get a good shade? Remember to always dab with your sponge, instead of rubbing or hitting your face too fast, cause that won't blend the makeup well, and would give you wrinkles faster!! 😜 laughing real hard because you didn't blend your concealer on your Cupid's bow. Try to tap away excess powder instead of blowing because that gives it more germs which isn't good for your skin. And be more gentle when putting on your eyeshadow!! If you think your eyeliner is wobbly, put your pinky against your face to give more stability, and rest your elbow on a table.
Michelle!! It’s really important for you to clean your brushes and sponges, wet beauty sponges absorb more bacteria and it means more acne :( I used to hate doing it and would put it off all the time but dawn dish soap and virgin olive oil mixed together makes an amazing and easy cleanser! Even if you do it like once a week it helps!! Hopefully you try it out! I loved this video and your vlogs! Love ya!!
Michelle you do you, it takes practice like everything else 👍
You're so real, I love it😙💖
For redness I use the green smashbox primer. It’s fantastic! Just be careful about it actually making your face have a green tint.
Michelle you should use the LA girls color correctors they work amazing
I really enjoyed watching this! I have a really red face, and what I do is color correct in those areas first, then I put concealer over the entire red area, then I do my foundation and that usually does the trick. As far as the eyeshadow goes, I find that the shadows blend easier when you hold the brush towards the opposite end, further from your face.
My favorite part was I'm not even going to talk you through what I'm doing, because I don't know what I'm doing 😂 I love your videos!! As long as you feel good in your makeup that's what counts!
I would just like to say that I have recently bought hair extensions from Bellami and they are amazing! I have never tried to buy any of there curling irons. But I think you may have just had one bad experience from them. Because I have never had a bad customer experience with them. I think if you were to buy the hair extensions you would love them!
You look beautiful, I'm not big make-up person, I just do what i like and what makes my little heart happy. It doesn't make what people think about my look.
Wow you're on trending! That's amazing! I just wanted to comment on the eyeliner....I think you're doing so well considering you said you haven't worn makeup a lot in the past! Eyeliner really does just take practice...but it's also about finding the right products:) I hate gel eyeliner!! When I wing out my eyeliner, I use a slanted tip brush and I rub it on a pencil eyeliner brush and then I go over it in liquid eyeliner. Just my thoughts! Love your makeup!
“I’m not gonna talk you through what I’m doing because I don’t know what I’m doing” 😂😂
Tips that have helped me: \nWhen you’re doing your eyeshadow, use a blending brush and go in tiny circular motions and use a tiny bit of color at a time and just build up to how dark you’d like it to be. Using a darker color for your crease and putting it a little higher than normal will make your eyes look bigger, I’ve seen a few people on here say that! \nAlso, when you’re contouring on your cheeks, bring the brush UP with each stroke, and when you’re contouring on your head, bring the brush DOWN with each stroke. I’m not sure how much of a difference these little things make, but experimenting is always helpful 😊 your make up always looks really good and you look great without it too.
I didnt even realize how long it was i just watched all of it
Did you contact the better business bureau?
Yay! Loved this! Have you thought about using black pencil liner and smudging it? It's easier and lasts just as long. I think it looks more natural too 🙂just a suggestion because I hate how long marker takes and then it never looks perfect lmao 😜
girl you need to AT bellami on instagram....they'll change their mind HAHA
I have long thick hair and the way I curl my hair is I put it up in a high ponytail and curl it in the pony tail and it cuts down half the time!! Btw I absolutely love your channel!!!!
Remember, your eyebrows are sisters, not twins. 😉
You have gorgeous hair.  I love your videos.  You are such a breathe of fresh air.  I love your frankness, and how honest you are.  :0)
Try setting your  foundation with translucent powder before you contour. It will help it go on smoother :) love your vids!
You look so good without makeup and hair done!!! Love your videos keep up the good work!
Michelle, I absolutely loved this video!! You are so sweet and so funny. Girl, you do your make-up however you want!! You look great!! Thanks so much for sharing this. As for your weekly video, you do what works for you. I'll be watching no matter what day you post them.❤️
I also have natural red and pink tones to my skin, although they’re not as prominent as yours. You’re on the right track with the color corrector before your foundation, but I would seriously think about investing in fuller coverage foundation. If you’re not comfortable going somewhere like Sephora, Ulta or to a Clinique counter take a look at Boots Number 7 at Target. It’s around $20 a bottle & I personally use two different shades & combine them. So that makes it around $40. I know it seems expensive, but with as much money as you spend on your classroom I think it’s okay if you spend a little on yourself too.
L'Oréal infallible foundation is by far the best drug store foundation I have tried, and it covers my redness! They have a matte version and a pro glow version for dry skin! You might like that and it last all day long! It's great!
Kenra products have a blow dry spray that helps cut dry time and smells amazing. It is a must for busy people!
The make up counter will teach you how to do your eye makeup. Patting the shadow on won't hurt as much as the swirling technique and it is easier to control where you put it. That's how I learned to do my makeup. Love your videos and thanks for posting this!
i like these kinds of videos
Clinique has a great line called redness solutions that I use for my skincare... I use the it cosmetics cc cream.... I feel the exact same way as you when it comes to makeup! Not my thing at all!
Hi Michelle! Our personalities are very similar :) I'm turning 24 in December!
You crack me up! I don't really care..... really.... I don't really care! You are a good egg! Loved the video!
I normally never comment on YouTube videos, but I LOVE that Nebraska is your guys' meeting spot so I had to say something since I am from there! I started watching your videos a few months ago because your class last year reminded so much of my class, and it was nice to know I wasn't alone. I am 24 years old and a 4th grade teacher in Omaha! I'm assuming you're staying in Omaha, so I would definitely recommend visiting the Old Market area downtown (great for dinner, drinks, & shopping) and the zoo - the zoo is a MUST see! You'll also enjoy how small and easy to navigate our airport is :) For other shopping, Village Pointe and Nebraska Crossing Outlets are great outdoor shopping areas, but they are a longer drive. If you end up in Lincoln, the Haymarket is a great spot! HAVE FUN in my state - Go Big Red! :)
ELF makes some of my favorite eye shadows. Expensive doesn't always mean good!
I love your videos but just a tip apply your foundation with your beauty blender and not your fingers just to prevent breakouts
This is one of the funniest video ever😂 You are so real, genuine and dont care! Love it!!  Your makeup came out great 😊 So pretty. That Marc Jacob mascara is high end. Good drugstore makeup is as good sometimes even better. \nOn another, Im so glad to have found your channel, Im a preK teacher but you have helped tremendously. Thank you so much! You are such a good teacher, the kids are very lucky to have you xo.
I loved this video! You look absolutely beautiful! I had been waiting for a video like this from you! Keep them coming, you did great! & girl, as a fellow teacher I am in awe on how you do your makeup and hair for work! I only do my hair on school picture day ;) lol! You are seriously awesome! XOXO
Michelle, you need to know that you are as beautiful on the outside as you are inside!  You are naturally beautiful, with or without makeup.  When you do wear makeup, you do a fantastic job.  For someone who hasn't been using makeup for very long, you apply everything really well.  You are very brave going from absolutely no hair done and no makeup to a full process.  This comes from someone who's been using makeup and hair products for over 30 years!  And I still don't know how it's going to turn out from day to day!  By the way, my eyes water in the morning too, so eyeliner is hard, hit and miss I guess.  Don't worry about your eyebrows, you can't tell that they don't perfectly match (I wouldn't have known until you told me, lol).  Just be confident in what you're doing, it's OK.  I really enjoy your videos,  they're fascinating and full of lots of great ideas - keep it up!!  ... coming from the land down under ... xx
I'm mad at myself for watching both your videos today because now I have to wait for more :P I have hooded eyes too and i find if I do my foundation last i can pull my eye down properly and rest my hand on my face to do my liner more precisely. I'm definitely not an expert though :P
I'm not even gonna talk you through it, 'cause I don't know what I'm doing 😂 same girl! Hahaha, but you always look gorgeous and I loved seeing your routine! :)
The Urban Decay Naked Skin color correcting concealer in the green shade is the best green concealer I have tried! It is pricey but totally worth it to me. I tried the NYX one because I read online it was a dupe for the Urban Decay one, but it doesn't blend out as well and the consistency is completely different.
You were blessed with such beautiful hair! So jealous! 😭
you look lovely
Consider microblading
Another great video!!! ❤️❤️❤️
You deserve 1000000000000000 million subscribers❤️
Watched it at 5:51 a.m.
Beautiful!
I feel your eyebrow pain
You look so lovely!!!
I love how you are saying you don’t know about makeup but you are a total pro! Microblading should be your last resort. Try growing them out(this will take months). I suggest castor oil for regrowing. That and patience will completely change them! Eyebrows would frame your beautiful face.
Girl! My skin is almost as red as yours naturally and I've found that the Timewise miracle set by Mary Kay took the redness out no joke! I just became a consultant and received it in my starter Kit and it's amazing! Everyone's skin is different but if you want to give it a go checkout my site www.marykay.com/kristencates
I loved it. Felt like we were just hanging out. I think allowing yourself more time to get the videos is posted is a great idea. You shouldn't have to stress and rush and stay up late on Friday trying to get the videos done.
Unfortunately, you can't donate hair if it has bleach in it:/ but anyways I just wanted to say that I really enjoy your content! I'm not a teacher but we're the same age and you just have really good energy and your videos always put me in a good mood! 😊 keep it up!
love this! poo bear's voice😍 rudy's voice😍
I'm just speechless you're the most talented man I've ever seen.
Im having my exams and i keep hearing this song in my mind  during my papers 😂😂
Rudy is a great acter
Ayy this song is for your tattoo 🎹🎹🎼🎧
Sounds like a song from Charlie and the chocolate factory 😂🔥
all the people that put a on like are haters
RUDY YOU NEED TO MAKE A VIDEO OF THE SONG TEQUILA
finally a real song with a real fucking producer
OMG the White and Black people????? LITERALY almost gave me NIGHTMARES
I love this song , it is my favorite 😍👌💕
It's so creative. Just after a week you got over 2m views.
Wow....Some people are so talented. This is the reason I have a genuine smile on my face.\n\nMusic.\n\nIt's amazing
Some youtubers make the videos just for fun when it's really for the views,\n\n\nThen there is legends. Like Rudy
nice song\ni wish its on radio
the best song ever 👌👍🙌
I listened to it a couple times with my brother and he screamed at me saying why always this song
I am in love with this song
I've watched a solid 30 times
I love this song I'm keep on listening to it like 100 times a day
I Love You Music
This should get more than 2.4 million views
Why is this not on the radio
Is this on Spotify?😍🔥💯😂❤
Great job Rudy this is one of my favorite songs thank you Rudy thank you
My favorite song he killed it
He is so cute
This was so great!! Really creative 😃😃👍🏼👌🏼
great man with a personality and talent. Bravo Rudy
I love piano so I think. This song is very amazing  I wish I could play the piano like that
A love this sing
I'm sad but this is the best song ever
This song is the most lot song ive ever heard
LOVE THIS SONG I SUB
Just why??!!! This channel just died
DAMN. DAMN !!! THIS SONG IS FRUGGGGIN LIT. I PRANKED MY TEACHER WITH THIS SONG. IF U GUYS WANT TO SEE IT, IT is HERE: https://youtu.be/S1NN1uFAunI
Lyrics in the description if you want to know 😂 🤷‍♀️
I love this song
Who wouldn't like this song ,am I right. Like if you agree
this song is sooooooo freakinggg amazing that i listened to it about 2,000,000 times! i love ittt soooo much!! make more songsss!!!!!
Can you actually make a full of My Tequila
I'm addicted to this song 😂
I've seen some of his vines and videos but not a whole lot. Didn't know he was multi-talented, hella cool!!
This song is so good🎹
WHY IS THIS MY FAVORITE SONG??!!! Everyday I listen to this!😌😌
How tf 3k dislikes... this mans a legend why
OMG IM OBSESSED WITH THIS SONG. I SING TO IT ALMOST 5 TIMES A DAY.and love the makeup \you:)
I love this song so much I even made it my ring tone
i love the poo bear part :O
I love the vibes this video gives. Keep doing good thing like this 👍👍👍
Please make a 10 hour version of  this!
Please make another song
I wish that i could talk and see Rudy
😍😍😍
Hey 👋🤜🏽👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
awsome
I love you
This is tooooo underrated. :(
That was amazing
😍😍😍😍
❤️
This is amazing
So racist but lit
my Sis fucking love this
Rudy this is amazing
LOVE
💵💵💵💵💵💵💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💵💵💵💲💵💵💲💵💲💵💲💵💲💵💰💵💰💰💰💰
This sound creepy
Always making good beats🔥
👎🏻
One Word. AMAZING
you r so cool 👏
Rudy got bullied
I LOVE  IT🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞
This was fire 🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Jammmmmmmmm 1️⃣0️⃣0️⃣💯💯
Your music sucks shit
I love it
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎶👂
OMG Rudy 😵😵😵❤️❤️❤️👍👍👍😍😍😍
Yasss!!!🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹
AMAZING!!!
cool
Love this song💖
Who like the music video.
Deserves more views come on this  is real music
My favorite lyrics of the song in my night vision is black and white
Ur good at playing piano and singing
I like his voice!!!! Like if you agree!!!!!!
it has almost been a week and i still listen to this song
Who Else is here before 10 billion views
i love this its stuck in my head
its so catchyyy
Better than stupidcito(despacito)
He actually deserves his fame tbh ❤️❤️❤️
YOU GOOD BOI
Hi
I love it
🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹\n🎹       YASSSSS          🎹\n🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹
This is the type of shit that should get a lot of views not Rice Gums pile of Garbage.
Google search: WUMO SEO. They're the top rated Search engine optimization firm and ranked my website within just 60 days. If they cant rank your blog, the company give you100% refund policy. I just adore WUMO SEO.
I love you simon's cat 💗💗💗
M
I nearly died laughing
My dog ate a cocroche
kkkkk
Me too, Simon, I HATE spiders!
I had a cat who didn't like to eat.  But  she caught a spider she gobbled it up.  Ick!
The first cartoon? That's my ragdolls.  Imagine two of them running around making trouble and you've got it.
Is și cute
Trending #27
Руссишь-языкишь - есть?
UTTERLY HORRIFYING!
Fen mail Pokemon
😍😘💕💞❤️👍👏👏👏
:-D
Ahaha très drôle j'ai adoré. Happy Halloween 💀👿 🎃
Perfeitooo
Fucking shit bitch
Muito fixe😉
Aw cmon they're just spiders lol
hopefully my cat dies
Simon has serious arachnophobia LOL
Funny. Lol as always.
Love this one so funny!
Stupid Wilhelm scream...
Legal
That was pretty spooky. 0.0
3:35 wasted
2:18 - 2:23 was my favorite, bust-a-gut laughs
Delightful.
Soooooooo cute
Okk
¡Hermoso!
Happy early Hallomew!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Love your vids
The cats hate me...
fantastic hahahaha cat monster uaaaaahh :P
Милота ;3
Adorable as always
Nice video
Simon has spoken
Why are these videos always trending?!
Lol...
Give us 5,000 subs.
Move To Google And Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* It is literally the purely working FB h@ck tool working these days. Just don't waste your entire precious time on some other specific tools
Hi I love ur channel I even have ur app!
Omg I haven't been to your channel in years :0\nI watched these a lot when I was around 7-8, but now I've found them again~ can't wait to see more!
The part at 5:25 got me good! XD😂
Don't kill spiders ! It's bad ! Even if you're afraid of them (I have penis phobia, I don't kill them...).\n(Yes, I know : no spider was killed to make this film.)
I love Simon the cat. And the spider was like what's going on with him , how funny.😂😂😂😆😄😄
For someone who is scared of spiders, he should have used that tea kettle more effectively. That was great!
Is that Ivan Dobsky's hopper?
It's just spiders.  They EAT other bugs.  Isn't that a good thing?
FEED ME. HAPPY HALLOWEEN in    3 weeks.
OH MY GOSH I FINALLY FOUND IT!Simons cat!!I remeber watching this when i was 6 years old!!!I loved watching this and i never forgot about it as soon as a watched a couple of these videos when i was little i started loving cats!!!Im so happy i found Simon's catChannel💖
What is Simon's cat's name?\nOr is it just Simon's cat?
If this had color?😞
I love how cat is like I don't know then squishes the spider again
Soon as I see a large spider I would of pelted out the loft.. I hate large spiders.. Although I'm ok with little spiders
I hope Simon got a good insurrance for himself
LOL Love it! Thanks for all your hard work!
3:24 is so me, just with roaches rather than spiders. XD
omg i love this soo much 😁
236 people hate spiders. (I as well, but I gave it a like)
Someone's been watching Arachnophobia one too many times!!
i have a simple rule. nature stays outside the house. enter at your own peril.
These are still getting made
I love this series and I like cats 🐱 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻I subscribed thanks
Playing like a Mr Bean
Hey that sqee he was from my little pony
Somehow I'm addicted to this channel.
Big Like From SPIDERMAN . My channel has spiderman cartoon for kids . Please SUPPORT , If you like. Thanks beautiful people
THIS NEEDS TO BE ON TV! SUCH AMAZING :)
This is so cute!! Who dislikes this??? Seriously?? I don't understand the thumbs down.
Get a $100 Visa Gift Card! click below:\nhttps://cpbld.co/o/14988/214976?s1=
Thank You So Much for making these!!!!\nI'm sick in bed and this helped me keep my mind off my tummy problems.\nGod Bless$
Simply just Move to google and type: WUMO SEO. It is the most reliable Search engine optimization firm. If they cant rank your website or blog, these people ensure that you get100% money back guarantee. I just love WUMO SEO.
Muffet's just asking you to donate to her charity.
Help translate this video\n...very funny Youtube, very funny
I would have just let the cat stay up there till she had her fun. Then close it when she's asleep in another room.
I can't even think about what is like to be stuck in the attic with spiders... x_x
My third grade class loves Simon's Cat. This video had them falling out of their seats!!
My cats always try n run in attic when doors open. They think its a while new playgrounf for em
It's a dark creepy attic what do you expect it's going to have spiders but oh sure was funny
This is so funny
According to the dislikes, 207 people who watched this have the brain of a small fish.
I would like to see Simon's Cat draw one when a mouse gets into the house and he attempts to take it away. I have two indoor cats and at 4 am this morning they had caught one.  I had the garage door open this yesterday for a bit and since winter is on it's way one must have gotten in. After torturing the mouse almost to death, I put it outside to my cats dismay.
There's only one true way to be rid of spiders from your home. Burn it to the ground and then discard the ashes to space.
Best thing ever seen yet. 1:00 wants to play with the toy too. No  cat goes ohh...
Spiders don’t bother me but that cat is dead on lmao
This is sooo cute why isnt this channel bigger it deserves to be #1 on trending come on people lets make it happen
well done on getting the wilhelm scream in there
Too bad they don't have a 50/50 choice of like or dislike. I loved the very first one, that made me laugh! But I was not crazy about the other too. Just my opinion.
I am scared of and hate spiders.
What do you use to animate
Hahahaha. My cat 🐈 ignores all spiders 🕷 in the whole house 😂😂
Simply Go to google and then type: WUMO SEO. They're the most effective Seo agency and ranked my website in just 8 weeks. They offer 100% refund guarantee. I vouch for them.
And I thought my animation was bad!
NOTIF SQUARD WHERE U AT!>?!?#@?!?
🤘
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😘😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤐🤐😂🤐😂🤐😂🤐
Its momo in nepal
B word
👻 to 👨‍🚀
bitch
The word is bitc*
I have them 🙀
Loser
WASSSUPPPP MY BITCHESSSS
3:53 it’s b*tch lol
Bitch
🤠👮‍♀️👳‍♀️👳👮👷‍♀️👷🏻👷💂‍♀️💂🕵️‍♀️🕵️👩‍⚕️👨‍⚕️👩‍🌾👨‍🌾👩‍🍳👩‍🏫👨‍🏫👩‍🏭👨‍🏭👩‍💻👨‍💻👩‍💼👨‍💼👩‍🔧👨‍🔧👩‍🔬👨‍🔬👩‍🎨👨‍🎨👩‍🚒👨‍🚒👩‍✈️👨‍✈️👩‍🚀👨‍🚀👩‍⚖️👨‍⚖️🤶🎅👸🤴👰🤵👼
faggot
❤
Broccoli
Omg are those dumplings yyyyyyuuuuuuummmmmmmyyyy
🍕🍹🥃
My fav: 🤣
That a heghog
🍪
cool
OMG  Im so excited 💘
Bitch you said you blocked swear words
Why u dont have all that emojis? My iPhone is ios11 now.  I mean really now,
I came up with the B word
My favorite old one is 😘   My favorite new one is the shhhh one
I had no idea your channel was rated PG! :o #themoreyouknow
I know what perogies are there heaven
Do more video's with ro
i think it is  frick
I know what a perogeas are
How do you add it to your keyboard tho :(
Omg now I know why my neighbor look like you because you are lol pirates for ever .I k ow what prooges are and I have only seen them do it once recently
Do u get all  of that new emojis on iPhone 8+ ?? Plz some1 tell me!!
They should make an emoji of your big boulder headdd. Juust kidding, biscuit head. Just kidding.
The swear is obviously the worst of them all... SHOOT!
i have the ios 11 and i don’t have these emojis
I have the latest update but i don’t have the emojis wtf someone help ??🤔
This makes me SAAAAAAAAAAAD!!!!!!!!!  And BTW why do people like emojis
The word could be bitch
Still waiting on the bearded man!!!
B word
Its a hedgehog lmao 😂😂
🔥😆🔥😆🔥😆🔥🤘🔥🤘🔥😆🔥🤘🔥
bitch
I want a Siri emoji
prick?
Is IOS 11 available for iphone 6 plus???
😍.         😜
Stupid?
It’s bitch
😋
😍😍😍😍😍😙😙😙😙
🙊🐙
bitch
🖖🏻🖖🏻🖖🏻🖖🏻🖖🏻
THAT WASN'T A PORCUPINE IT WAS A HEDGEHOG JSCZUXVAKSVSGSVAJSVSJVDVAJAVSJG and also the thing near the end that you didn't know what it was, it's a curling stone 😘
It's a female dog that's the swear word
That push up thing she was describing is not used for that. It is a sport where u slide it across ice and hav to get it as close to the middle of a target.
I can't believe you made a video about that.. by the end I kinda liked it.. I came to your channel coz you were beautiful in iphone vs sony dslr video but now I'm definitely subscriber and the bell icon toooooo.. :)
Bit## I think it’s that
Omg I love Pierogis(that's how u spell it in polish)
I think it is bitch
I just want a set of Justine emojis, then my life will be complete
The swearing emoji is A female dog
Am I the only one who can’t find the new emojis
Bitch
Favortite emoji 🙃 favorite new emoji the crazy one
I love emogis 🐻
😜😜😜😜😜😜🤘
bitch
I love porgies
Hi
bitch
When will they be out to use
[😂🔥😉👅💦💩] <---------- These are the only ones i use.....
Hi mam, which is the case?  It looks beautiful
Is this feature on iPhone 8 ???
I am from Poland and we eat pierogi❤️
I CANT SEE THEM HELP
Fucks?
nigga ching chong ching chong ching chong bitch meow meow mrow meow
PIROGI!!!! YUM YUM!!!
Bitch
💜
Nigger
The swear words frick
Justine suck my DICK BITCH
Freaking hot
🐙
The word is  hctib ( spelled backwards to get through filter )
I don’t have any of those and I got he 11 thing
finally just now see CAN WE PUT A SMILE ON OUR FACE u work with iPhone!
My favourite emoji has always been the hibiscus flower 🌺
Oh my goodness! I went to my first Pirates game a couple weeks ago, and had the Pulled Pork Pierogie sandwich I definitely recommend!
I think it's the b word
I don't have a new favorite emoji but my fav one is 😛
I want them to make a polar bear emojis
If   everyone  who  viewed  Despacito   would  download  Almost  like  Praying .\nthe  Hispanic  Federation /  Puerto Rico   would  get  multi -  millions .
Im a rapper and producer from toronto. Im 19 and do everything by myself. Check me out. U wont regret it\nhttps://soundcloud.com/user-507173324/sick-of-talkin-prod-cyrus
I love it, Donated $25 for the relief project
Still playing this everyday since it came out!!!! Still get the chills from it!!! 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷te AMO PR!!!
Oh shit this shook me af, LATINOS GOTTA HELP EACH OTHER OUT!!👏🇲🇽🇵🇷❤
who the heck invited Philip/Laurens? :o This song is amazing though
Puertoriceños donde estan!🇵🇷❤️
A mis bellos boricuas! stay strong!
Amor desde Mexico #puertoricoselevanta
BEAUTIFUL , BONITA MUSICA
🇵🇷🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
👍👍PR
[Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nSay it loud and there's music playing…\nSay it soft and it's almost like praying\nIt's almost like praying\nIt's almost like praying\nIt's almost like praying\nIt's almost like—\n\n[Luis Fonsi]\nCabo Rojo, Corozal\nNaguabo, Guaynabo\n\n[Marc Anthony]\nSan Lorenzo y San Germán\nSan Sebastián, mi viejo San Juan\n\n[Camila Cabello, Anthony Ramos]\nIsabela, Maricao\nFajardo, Dorado\n\n[Ednita Nazario, Gilberto Santa Rosa]\nHormigueros, Humacao\nLuquillo, Hatillo\n\n[Ruben Blades, Juan Luis Guerra]\nVega Alta, Vega Baja\nToa Alta, Toa Baja, Mayagüez\n\n[Joell Ortiz, John Leguizamo, Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nYes!\n\n[Ruben Blades, Juan Luis Guerra]\nOtra vez!\n\n[Joell Ortiz, John Leguizamo, Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nYes!\n\n[Ruben Blades, Juan Luis Guerra]\nAguadilla, Quebradillas\nGuayanilla, Juana Díaz\nY Cayey, hey\n\n[Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nIt's almost like praying\nIt's almost like praying\nIt's almost like praying\n\n[Ruben Blades, Jennifer Lopez]\nPuerto Rico, Puerto Rico…\n\n[Jennifer Lopez]\nArecibo, Guánica\nCulebra, Las Piedras\n \n\n[Gilberto Santa Rosa]\nOrocovis, Guayama\n\n[Gilberto Santa Rosa, Rita Moreno]\nGurabo, Maunabo\n\n[Ruben Blades, Dessa, Ana Villafañe]\nAguas Buenas, Salinas\nRío Grande, Sabana Grande\n\n[Tommy Torres]\nYabucoa, Florida\n\n[Jennifer Lopez, Gloria Estefan]\nPeñuelas, Santa Isabel\n\n[Pedro Capó, Tommy Torres]\nNaranjito, Barranquitas\nCarolina, Aibonito, Bayamón\n\n[Alex Lacamoire, Joell Ortiz, Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nHey!\n\n[Pedro Capó, Tommy Torres]\nRincón\n \n\n[Alex Lacamoire, Joell Ortiz, Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nHey!\n\n[Pedro Capó, Tommy Torres]\nBarceloneta, Las Marías\nComerío, Moca, Ponce, Manatí, Así\n\n[Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nIt's almost like praying\n\n[Camila Cabello]\nPuerto Rico, Puerto Rico\n\n[Luis Fonsi]\nBoricua, Boricua, Puerto Rico\n\n[Fat Joe]\nYo, Utuado, Aguada, Adjuntas y Caguas\n\n[PJ Sin Suela]\nCanóvanas, Cataño, Juncos y Lajas\n\n[Dessa]\nJayuya, Villalba, Arroyo, te amo\n\n[Dessa, Fat Joe]\nLa cueva de Camuy, los baños de Coamo\n\n[Gina Rodriguez]\nTrujillo Alto, Ceiba, Ciales\nLa isla de Vieques, El grito de Lares\n\n[Joell Ortiz]\nYauco\n\n[Gina Rodriguez]\nCidra\n\n[Joell Ortiz]\nAñasco\n\n[Gina Rodriguez]\nPatillas\n\n[Joell Ortiz, Gina Rodriguez]\nMorovis, Loíza, lo hiciste\n\n[Marc Anthony, Luis Fonsi]\nPuerto Rico…\n\n[Dessa]\nPuerto Rico…\n\n[Juan Luis Guerra]\nPuerto Rico, Puerto Rico…\n\n[Ednita Nazario]\nLai lo le lo le, le lo le lo lai…\n\n[Joell Ortiz]\nPuerto Rico!\n\n[Marc Anthony, Luis Fonsi]\nPuerto Rico…\n\n[Gilberto Santa Rosa]\nPuerto Rico, Borinquen\nCien por treinta y cinco la isla completa\nSí somos Boricua, ha, ahora que se sepa\n\n[Marc Anthony, Luis Fonsi]\nPuerto Rico…\n\n[Gloria Estefan]\nPuerto Rico\n\n[Rita Moreno]\nAsí es\n\n[Gloria Estefan]\nPuerto Rico\n\n[Ruben Blades]\nPuerto Rico\n\n[Fat Joe]\nPuerto Rico! Ho! Ho!\n\n[Ruben Blades]\nPuerto Rico, Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico\n\n[Ednita Nazario]\nTierra linda mía, yo te quiero\n\n[Camila Cabello]\nOohhh\n\n[Marc Anthony, Luis Fonsi]\nPuerto Rico…\n\n[Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nAnd there's music, and there's music\nAnd there's music playing-\n\n[Camila Cabello]\nPuerto Rico\n\n[Marc Anthony]\nAy, Puerto Rico, eh\nMi Puerto Rico, ah\n\n[Anthony Ramos]\nViva\n\n[Jennifer Lopez]\nPuerto Rico, Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico\n\n[Lin-Manuel Miranda]\nSay it soft and it's almost like praying
my puerto rico our puerto rico is a blessing this song made me feel hope. this is a deep song everyone needs to hear it it uplift the prayers in the spirits.puerto rico my people feel we will over come. well put together . by the best artist our Puerto ricans can only feel to put it out there with such feeling.goose bumps.while i was not there my mind was out not just to my mom but to to my entire  family. all who living in p.r..
As a fan of Lin-Manuel Miranda, as a band geek who's played Leonard Bernstein's Maria, as an active user of social media, I am ashamed that I barely learned of this song right now.
This absolutely makes my heart melt😊😊😊❤️❤️❤️
Wait so no recognition for Mexico?? After 2 earthquakes, you know, nevermind, I forgot US is actually fucked.
I’m Mexican but i still support and love Puerto Rico. We will rise
Knowing him, I'm sure this is brilliant... but translation please anyone?
Lin Manuel Miranda is a fucking genius
LIN DOSE IT AGAIN I really like the song message and all!!
This song's are saying the cities of puertorico. And there saying them in a rhythm so for those who don't speak Spanish,  think their speaking phrases or something,  not really. You could google translate the song and it'll tell you I guess?
JLo's voice is beautiful! Haters are going hate tho, I've seen her live many times and she sounds great!
Disable by administrator encryption policy, or credential storage. Best solution! \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax2UVZB_ByY
If you like this song... check out this one https://youtu.be/sS_6mebgSIo
This are the best artist from Puerto Rico and from other country's like República Dominicana
Another great track from a genius.  The dude's heroic in so many ways.
THANK YOU THANK YOU LOVED IT, i CRIED AND BOUGHT IT , LOVED THE COQUI AND ALL THE WONDROUS PERFORMERS
In the middle of the darkness, with no water, few food, almost no connection and debris surrounding us..... a big hug from Aguadilla, Puerto Rico... and thanks Lin Manuel..
OMG, I don't see Ricky Martin in this video.
Que bello! <3 As someone with family in Puerto Rico, this song brought me to tears... I love Lin Manuel so much! He is amazing.
Keep streaming this song guys to help Puerto Rico 🇵🇷
I'm Puerto Rican and I love this song
THIS IS A BOP HONESTLY
*Jesus Christ is the only true God!* \n#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*The one God who rose from the dead and lives forever.*\n*Jesus Christ is the only one qualified to give us eternal life.*\n*also heal their bodies.*
only the people who lives in next to Puerto Rico? ??
Is like no body cares about Cuba and any other country
Most amazing video I ever seen!!! So many celebrities coming together to help! I know I’m late but this is awesome!!
Much love from Colombia ❤❤❤
Oh my God this is so beautiful...makes you feel the love for Puerto rico
I was sent to this because of lana parrilla on her twitter
This song inspired me, like if you feel the same.
Anyone know the artist at 1:36 ? He's super good. the one with curly hair
🙌🙏🙏❤
Shame on all the people who clicked dislike. The proceeds from this song go to the people of Puerto Rico who are suffering. This song was made for humanities sake and the people's lives who can still be saved there. No need to hate or dislike.
Just finished donating!! Thank you Lin Manuel for helping Puerto Rico!
Download and stream here: https://Atlantic.lnk.to/AlmostLikePra... \n\n\n\n\nLin-Manuel Miranda’s “Almost Like Praying” was written and recorded to benefit hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico with proceeds benefiting The Hispanic Federation's Unidos Disaster Relief Fund\n\n\n\n\nProceeds go to https://hispanicfederation.org/unidos/ \n\n\n\n\nFor more information, please visit http://www.hispanicfederation.org and http://www.almostlikepraying.com
Lin-Manuel for being Tony in a West Side Story revival
Porque no cantan sin oututune porque se escucharan como mierdas pero esta bien que quieran hacer algo bueno por PR por primera ves
... ... oh, God...you have brought to this world humans with a heart and talent like no other. Puerto Rico vive en los corazones de tanta gente que, no sólo son de mi isla, son de tantas nacionalidades y amistades latinas que nos hacen vibrar con un sentir tan enorme, tan profundo y ¡tan íntimo!\n\nGracias, gracias, gracias, gracias...mi agradecimiento y mis lágrimas sonrientes son infinitas gracias a ustedes.\n#PuertoricansByHeart\n#PuertorriqueñosDeCorazón\n#UnidosPorPuertoRico\n#jLo #JenniferLópez #MarcAnthony #LuisFonsi #GilbertitoSantaRosa #Lin-ManuelMiranda #EdnitaNazario #RubénBlades #JuanLuisGuerra #CamilaCabello #RitaMoreno #GinaRodríguez #FatJoe (You named my city) #AnthonyRamos #GloriaEstefan #JoellOrtiz #Dessa #PJSinSuela #PedroCapó #TommyTorres #AlexLacamoire #AnaVillafañe #JohnLeguizamo\n\nMe criaron escuchando a la gran mayoría de ustedes, a los demás tesoros cantantes que no había escuchado hasta hoy, al descubrir esta canción (luego de al fín conseguir internet en el negocio de mi familia 😂) gracias por habernos prestado su alma y espíritu para esta canción. \n\n¡Gracias!\n\nThank you!
Das my boi Lin ❤🙌
Aye this is lit 👌🏾
The coqui killed me
Praying for Puerto Rico support me
Check Out This New Rapper From Philly New Heat \nhttps://youtu.be/R9H3SSamv5M \n #IdontSellmollynomore\n#IDontShowLuvNomo #TuneIn
¡Viva Puerto Rico!🙏👌
Subscribe 2 YouTube 103Films Checkout Dream Team leave a 👍\Follow me plz
YES DATS MY BOY GET EM LINNY!!!! 💕💕💕😩😩
ANTHONY RAMOS
Only 2.8 mil?????😕😕😕😕
VIVA RIO GRANDE!!!!
Love it \nhttps://youtu.be/D12EyCAnEiE
BORICUA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MOCA TE AMO!
QUE VIVA PUERTO RICO!
🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷💓💓
🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
💗
JLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Falto Bad Bunny 🙄😒
Viva Puerto Rico! ❤️❤️❤️
😍🔥
<3
Anyone from Lana Parrilla‘ s Twitter?
Yasss  🇵🇷 👏🏽
Como pueden haber casi 3000 personas que no les guste esto
So incredibly beautiful! Puerto Rico se levanta.
Fattt joee
Isn't Camila Cabello Cuban/Mexícan .❤️?  Btw #PrayforPR
Porto Rico est dans mes prières 🙏🏻🇵🇷💙💙💙
Para Puerto Rico, Boricua todo el día, Amor y Oraciones a mi pueblo. 🇵🇷💪🏾✊🏾🇵🇷
Mi bella isla se levantará, aunque no esté en ella siempre seré Boricua,y estará en mi corazón 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
Mi vida y mi corazón esta en mi isla bella no importa donde estemo siempre vamos a recordar nuestra isla y ahora mas q nuestra gente nos necesitan 👫👬👫👬👫👬👫👬👫👬👫👬
Y por que en regueton? #bullshit
Soy dominicana pero me encanta ver esto 😍 (I’m dominican but I love seeing this fr)
Mis oraciones y amor a mi gente en mi amada isla de Puerto Rico!
PUERTO RICO SE LEVANTA With GOD!!!
¡El poder de los latinoamericanos!
¡YO SOY BORICUA PA' QUE TÚ LO SEPAS! ❤️🇵🇷 #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
Hola, soy un joven rapero de Ecuador 🇪🇨🎧 Los invito a que escuchen mi tema👉🏻 http://youtu.be/_Y9nb06Z2vc Si Les Gusta Espero Se Suscriban A Mi Canal 📲 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEFHB2czftGDEVcKrayyW3A\nSi No Gracias De Igual Manera Por La Atención, Que Tengan Buen Día 🎶
Gracias por tan hermoso gesto ... nuestra isla se va a levantar .
When we fall we rise up stronger then before! Que Viva Puerto Rico y que no Se olviden De Nuestros Hermanos Mexicanos! Que Vivan! ✊🏽🇵🇷🇲🇽✊🏽
Like si te gustó 😍👍
We're so thankful in Puerto Rico for all the support! PUERTO RICO SE LEVANTA!! Gracias!!
lol looks like fat drake 0:26
Just... Dislike
Go play your stupid fuckin play for them you stupid lil spic🖕🏻
I LOVE THIS SONG AND IM NOT PUERTO RICAN BUT MY HEART IS !!!!   WHAT IS THAT NOISE AT THE BEGINNING AND THE END IS IT A BIRD?
I wish this was in German so more people could understand it. The German language is rich and full of history
I would love to know who are the artists in this video and if possible recommend some of their songs?
I hope this hits a billion
Bisping is so cringe-worthy. He's like that bully at school that thinks he's hilarious, and just never lets anyone else's opinion be heard because he doesn't stfu, ever. I truly hope that GSP catches him with a wheel kick or head kick or some amazing strike just to shut that fucktard up.
He got fucked up when he went against silva
Bisping is the worst champion
Gsp will knock bisping out nd let him keep the belt.
I got Bisping, Joanna, Garbrant. Who Ya got?
Bisping talk while you can ;)
The cheer Joanna got
Bruh Bisping savage as fuck to Roach leave the poor guy alone ffs XD
Watched this for Joanna. Rose is a great fighter, but we’re talking about the greatest female fighter of all time. Her game is unbelievably technical. Elite skill.
oh shit bisping taking shots at a boxing legend with a disease? thats low
George is going to destroy Bisping, he can’t stand  bullies and will never let them win
That bisping guy is a terrible conor-wannabe
haha michael bisping is a chump. hes been fighting for how long and just won the title. haha really? and hes acting like hes all that. he's gonna get his ass whooped just like he did against dan henderson. lol
the trash talk is so cringe
The Michael Bisping Show...guy is a legend
Bisping trying to be the british McGregor too hard and GSP not getting the respect he deserves. Too many new ufc fans who dunno shit of what this guy achieved.
Bisping showing again how annoying he is. In case you forgot.\nHis GSP voice was funny though.
Shut that British Fucktard up GSP! what happened to respecting the legends? btw Bisping, you are not a legend in case you were wondering!
Bisping - the worst person at trying to sell a fight, sorry but your just a jerk.
LISPING TRYING TO LOOK AND BE LIKE THE NOTORIOUS... WHAT A FUCKIG POSER CHAMELEON PIECE OF SHIT
Yeah... a sexy fucken lizard! 👅👅👅👅👅
Sleepy Sinead O'Connor
Thumbnail looks like Bisping vs Macklemore
Was Freddie having a stroke or something at 22.03 ? :o
GSP For The Win
Bisping is a king
Heart and mind aren't disciplines in mma bisping... gsp answered that question with complete accuracy, you're just an average bloke 🖕🏼
Listening to Joanna talk while I take a shit helps it fall right out
I hate bisping but his George saint Pierre impression is hilarious
TJ lookin like Slytherin Lannister
Heart is everything? it pumps blood, so is he saying that having a strong cardio respiratory system is important?
Michael Bisping didn't beat Anderson. He got lucky that Anderson thought Herb stopped the fight. Henderson smashed him up badly for a 46 year old, about to retire man. He's a weak champion.
Bisping's steroid accusation is so old.
Did she say I fucked there last year at 10:27 ? that's cool Joanna but we didn't need to know!
St. Pierre is a class act. The man pushes his chair under the table when he gets up. Can't help but respect the guy
the blNk-fAcd, zN monk, obsSd shaOlN warEOr stAr- that's the 4rEl DL scArE✋️(Nd U L nO dM wL hU I'm talkEng aboOt☹️)
I love Rose but JJ takes this. Rose is still young, we’ve seen this many times. Experience wins over youth. But, Cody looked exceptional against an experienced fighter. However, JJ is still in her prime. \n\nBisping\nCody\nJJ
Mike bisping trying sound American
15:43
Rose is lame. WTF was that?
Bisping is a legend and a warrior but I don’t think his winning this one but hope he does come on England
Never knew that girl from Stranger things took up MMA
rose looking like  a figure from Thunderbirds
Its funny how Bisping's guilty conscience acts up accusing gsp of steroids. lol\nHe's wearing smart foam, now like conman mctapout, so he feels guilty.
Talk about this in our latest podcast. Why Michael Bisping is a better trash talker than GSP.  Just made a video about it.
i have to give it to bisping tho, he's pretty badass, and most of the time he speaks the truth
Bisping is such a cock head...
After MacGregor's over hyped boxing challenge, its a bit tiring to be interested in mma again
Joanna is love, Joanna is life, Joanna's so fine, and she's gonna be mine!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Bisping was on point in this presser.
why is there no water? that's weird.
i honestly got pissed at michael for talkig smack against freddy roach. dude got no fucking respect. he'll definitely regret losing that title and yet again get his mouth shut the way hendo shut it. i totally loast all my respect to this guy.
Bisping: touch my belt it's nice huh\nGSP: I had 5 of those while you were getting knocked out in historic fashion by Dan henderson in my undercard.
LOL! The first guy in history GSP has outsmack-talked ... Bisping's 100 words per minute down the drain by one waterr iz wet, fiure burn an am gonna beat Migel Beezpeeng.
Bisping interviews are like looking at a wall
Only a complete knob would want Michael Bisping to win, I hope GSP drops this mofo
Michael Bisping is going to get fucked
Rose is gonna fuck up Joanna I see it in her eyes. Just ask Michelle Waterson smh
I'm rooting for Joanna <3. I can't wait to see you fight again, Champ.
This is really awkward
I, I, I, I'm not impressed by your drunken performance.
Michael Bisbing is too real for YouTube
We all remember how Johny Hendricks gave a face care to GSP so the end here is pretty clear
Bisping: So when did being an arrogant egomaniac douche become a part of martial arts??
only 280k views in 3 days......
UFC has become about acting and putting on a WWE performance WTF!! and to top it off, shit fights everytime.
Bisping is an animal! Always a pleasure to listen to the smack.
how many bottles of fake tan did TJ Dillashaw use for this press conference?
GPS the new middleweight champion
these faggots booing Bisping, fckin wankers
'ARE YOU INTOXICAAATTED'😂
20:11
*Bisping ducking so hard. Fighting welterweights now.*
Btf Rose is beaten already mentally she knows whats coming
hes right,we will miss him,fucking hilarious
TJ looks pretty confident
I fucking love Micheal Bisping 😂😂😂
I love Bisping.
Bisping's trash talk makes me cringe
British scum
Bisping what a dickhead
On my birthday
Bisping is a slick talker these days
Crap
Bispings trash LOL his whole UFC career is garbage hahahahaj
people saying tony ferguson vs kevin lee was cringe
Anderson Silva defeated MB  but was rewarded the win, and he's happy with it knowing he lost. GSP the winner on Nov. 4.
Go thug rose
Are you in-tox-it-k-ted... are you in-tox-it-k-ted?
GSP!!
Let's go gsp
Bisping is a joke! Not even close to an all-time great! Are you kidding??? He's one of the worst champs I've ever seen just got a lucky punch.
Dana White is like ... fuuuuck this
Rose gives 0 fucks I love it
I'm British ,  bisping is embarrassing
GSP will win for sure, how many lucky wins and how many controversial wins are der in Kissbings career!! Countless.. Yes GSP had his controversies as well, whatever the case maybe GSP is better skilled and raw power house, he will fuck Kissbing on Nov 4th (no fucking doubt)
man i know bisping was pretty outspoken but i honestly feel like he's trying his best to sell this fight like mcgregor would.... i mean, trashing what he's wearing? that's something out of mcgregor's book...
GSP will kick bitchpings ass
Gegard Mousasi, will whip them both.
Bisping trying so hard to be like McGregor 😒. Get your own act bro
Can you date me instead iM I LOVE YOU WHOEVER YOU ARE Y E S
Your fans are so calm and respectfull. i love ur fandom tbh!
everybody is so pretty?? how??
I’m in this video holy shit I’m shook
Ara shite girls we made it 😂🙌❤️
THAT LAST QUESTION AND SARAH’S ANSWER OMG 😂😂😂👏🏼
If this video's any proof, you definitely tend to draw fans who are a lot like you.  So many beautiful, stylish people who seem to have really lovely and laid back personalities.  It's like a crowd full of potential friends, rather than random strangers.
I'm in this video oml. Thankyou Sarah you were amazing💗
I look so nervous 😂
Congrats Only You is on Spotifys Pop List ilysm ❤️❤️
my favs in one video <3 love u girls
I was so fucking fidgety omg
Question: Where the heck is your Castle On the Hill cover?!?!?! It was my favourite cover of that song and now it's not in your video section
I TOLD YOU THAT YOU WERE GONNA BE BIG!!! <3
I'll be hoping/waiting for a future tour that also goes to the US
My boyfriend and I first kiss was on October! HAHA
the most drama free fandom
Currently writing my first EP, your killing it Sarah!
Please come to Scotland
I really wish I could have gone, I'm just so proud of sarah
Ahhh such a sweet q(ueue)&a 🙈 Hope you'll visit Poland one day Sarah!
I was there! And I saw you! And I cried way too much
now im really regretting not queuing for this show :(
I was stood in the line in Birmingham and a camera walked past us - everyone kinda looked at the camera blankly as it went past just assuming it was some random photographer employed to get shots of the show...\nAfter she walked past us we all suddenly noticed that Sarah was behind the camera - Never in my life had I been so tempted to run out of the line, but I didn't want to lose my place (although the girl near the back of the line chased her for a hug)\nSo sad I didn't leave the line to go say hi in person, the actual concert was amazing :D\n\nI think what they wanted was for everyone to see Sarah and start mindlessly cheering at her & the camera, but it kind of failed because Mrs Close is a master at hiding in plain sight xD\n\n*Also because Sarah seems to have a large amount of fan interaction on this comments section she should know that I left at 3pm to get to her, lost my ticket - had to sign up to Birmingham library to print off a new one, and waited outside the wrong venue for 30 mins wondering where everyone was (O2 Academy vs O2 Institute)*\n\n*So many facepalms that day*\nYou were amazing with the mashup by the way ;)
A pity I didn't get to meet you Sarah it was a great night out at least I was featured in Callux's video on the night don't believe me? Watch my recent video
the thumbnail... why is everyone tryna go with alissa violets style?
I'm just waiting patiently for you to come to Brazil, Sarah 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷💛💛💛💛
I’m so so proud of you hunny!
Omg im so proud of u! Ive been following u since 10k...I love u so much! (I LOVE SINGING YOUR QUESTIONS) <3
ughhh i was behind them in the line haha
sarah you need to become a presenter
loved the Dublin show, when can we hear do you believe and patterns ????
Love you! Brighton was amazing-best night of my life!❤❤❤❤❤❤
Oh my god I love u so much❤️
was so nice to see and meet you in Notts again!! You were abso amazin, need a tour round 2 please :))) xx
WAIT WHAT WHY DIDN’T I KNOW YOU WERE IN DUBLIN IM SUCH A FAKE FAN
Sarah is so lovely!! I love her good mood ❤
Tried to come to ur Birmingham show but it was last minute and I couldn't get a train.  So gutted. And if you could check out my cover of maestro it will be out tomorrow it's my fist cover and I wanted it to be one of your songs.  It would be much appreciated you are my idol xxxxx
I read the title as “Queen & a Double” anyone else? 😂
this sounds so cringey, but you're honestly the most beautiful human being i've ever seen. you're smile just makes my heart warm! :)
You're so very sweet.
Of which 5 letter word could you remove 4 letters and it would still be pronounced the same? \nQ(ueue) \nHahaha\nHah\nHa\n...
U were incredible in Manchester and so friendly afterwards for my first concert at the price it was it was probably one of the best nights of my life!!😀
I’m so happy I found your channel 2 years ago
I love and miss you so much❤️
SubtoWillNE (and me if you like)
I live in dublin
Love u so much Sarah and it was great to meet you❤️❤️
HER ACCENT
Uk tour - dublin 😑
❤️💛💚💙💜
Bakan
luv u
hey...💘
Notification squad. Love you Sarah ❤️
!!
half an hour late but still here xx
I am from Dublin shoutout  from dublin
Love you girl❤️
jheeze i miss you
Crowd is dead where was the hype man
I miss youuu :(( another tour soon pls 💙💙
anyone else thought the title was a play on words of 'queen and a double'😂
Queue means dick in french hihi
Did anybody notice that their all white
Its 11:11pm, I'm drunk and choose to watch this awesome(and weird) video. You guys are awesome
I grew a giant marrow this year that's too big for my mum to lift
This made me so happy hahaha thanks Hank xD
This video makes me happy.
mouth poem school sure ban image shut really.
Our festival winner was 768 pounds. Big, but no 2600 pounds. :D
So a guy just won the world record for largest gourd, 4 days after video published.
It's the 10th, anyone got any word on the pumpkin weigh off?
OH MAN! I just went to a giant pumpkin festival and both of my uncles grow giant pumpkins (one of them came in 10th)\nOn this note, the largest watermelon in Oregon ever was awarded first place at said festival.
0/10 no pic of Corbyn and a giant Marrow.
so i just got my copy of turtles all the way down, except, no i didn't, turns out i ended up with 2 copies, and not only that, but they're both signed! i don't know how this error happened but it resulted in the overdraft of my account by 7 dollars, but I'm okay with that because they didn't charge me an overdraft fee and i just sent in my jar full of loose change to them so they wouldn't have to. So all in all, i might end up selling one of my extras to someone who didn't, or i might give it to my sister. i don't know.
This is why I love watching you guys. I love seeing passionate people get passionate about stuff, especially when they are getting passionate about other passionate people's passions! It is infectious and I always find myself feeling excited for the same thing too, even if four minutes prior I knew nothing about it. \n\nThanks for being awesome.
Hank green you are the best brother ever
OMG!!!!! The book came today and i am soooo happy!!!!!!!!
Wow, this is one of the sweetest videos that I have ever seen.
I thought this was gonna be an autobiography
Hahahahaha Hank you are the sweetest!
u forgot Mr Bean :/
Hank, you have succeed. I was in a very bad mood and now I'm excited about this pumpkin madness!
Can I post a picture showing my huge vegetable?
Most of them look like deformed mutants lol
That’s some crazy stuff !! 🤔🤔🤔
Says fruits but in thumbnail puts a cucumber/gourd
I FINALLY FOUND YOU MY MAN! I misses sewing you in Crash course. You are awesome there and here :D
My boyfriend and I just broke up and this is the video I didn't know I needed to cheer me up, thank you Hank 😊
Anyone find out the winners?
OMG, @vlogbrothers, you are awesome! @Hank I loved it all -  the subtext, the distraction, can't even imagine how you would have researched! This is true love,<3. - Love, J
These guys are the biggest fruits I've ever seen.
How does one breed a plant?
2:52 IT'S THE GREAT PUMPKIN CHARLIE BROWN
http://www.bigpumpkins.com/WeighoffResultsGPC.aspx?c=P&y=2017   -- Mathias's pumpkin was over 2,228lb this year! :P Didn't beat out last year's!
I wonder what the largest (in terms of size, not pages) book is...
oh god! that's not a carrot, it's a Resident Evil boss!
New tomato record set by Dan Sutherland
I love both you guys so much! 😂
I already knew you two were the world's biggest fruits
<3 this video is so sweet
Are these fruits and vegetables tested for steroids?
Thank you Hank for sharing this video I'm a little anxious and depressed too so that really helped me I love how you help love  and support your brother you are so amazing
You guys should make a video for us newbies to the fandom. Like Vlogbrothers 101 with all the references you guys make. A simple resource for all our nerdy confusion.
I preordered turtles all the way diwn expecting it to come on the 10 as in the release date but there was mail today even though its columbus day and i got the book!!!
Hi John, Im Brazilian but I live in Bolivia, Im doing a literary analysis of your book Under the same star , I really like your videos, I love your book. Kisses from Peniel school.
This was perfect to start a stressful week. Thank you Hank. 😂😂
This made my week
Please tell me I'm not the only one who Googled the European Pumpkin Championship and found out that the fella who holds the record for largest pumpkin ever is currently winning this year's contest with a 2228.9 lb pumpkin. Congrats, Mathias! Keep 'em comin'!
Well if they are alive, I would guess, Pewie Landsherson, Oliver Pratt and formerly Chris Platt though sometimes its Kathy Baits butt on the hole its got to be Boseanne Rarr. Or it could be that sumo wrestler that Quentin Tarateeneeew-Yuk hangs with. Sorry I didn't realize this about giant edible fruits. Nevermind.
i luv how u give us details and info about the giant fruits thank u
Ah!!! I'm so excited! I preordered Turtles and didn't even know when it was being released!  Woot! New Book!!!
Why is this trending again
I decided to take a break from essay writing to catch up on my Vlogbrothers and I just wanted to say thank you. This was amazing. I can go back to my essay proofreading happily now.
This is definitely one of my favorite vlog brother vids. Thanks Hank!
But do they taste good???? 🤔
Wait I thought they were all working for VICE as reporters?
literally thousands of generations of people\n\nIf one generation is taken as 20 years of births and thousands is taken as the lowest possible plural - 2000, then you are saying literally 40,000 years of work and intelligence. How can it be literally 40,000 years when it is fact that the Earth is 6000 years old.
I love big pumpkins. And this video made my day. Thanks Hank.
I almost skipped this video and I'm so glad I didn't
great video, a hug from cuba omg
You should end every video like that. Humans. WOW.
Is it me or did all these vegetables/fruits look like tumours?
I need a photo of John with a copy of Turtles All the way Down in his mouth. You put the thing that does the killing between your teeth...
Genetic selection  at it's best. What better way to genetically modify the species then to selectively breed it.
why is john sad?
Hank needs to watch Wallace and Gromit and the Curse of the Were Rabbit asap
I am from Belgium and it is true. Some regions take the pumkin thing very serieusly and in elementery school we did competitions of our own.
Why is pewdiepie not on the list
I love this video
Thank you for a lovely video that warmed me up on a grey, cold Sunday. \nI just wanted to add that when I'm upset and need a little bit of anarchic giggling I go on Scottish Twitter. Completely loopy, foul mouthed, sometimes way too much but always strangely logical, Scottish Twitter is the Wild Wild West of the Internet.
Stop talking and just show us the damn fruit
But how do they taste?
Oh ,you're gosh, hank, I love the giant onion man too. He just looks SO HAPPY about his onion. I needed this video too. I needed a video where overwhelming happiness is the theme.
Now here's the situation. Hank is so adorably into his massive food.
Where can I find a watermelon that big
Awesome, the pumpkin championship is in my town- I live 5 min away from where the picture at 3:04 was taken. We also hold a competition where participants have to hollow out a pumpkin to make a boat and then race each other across a lake in their pumpkin boats. It's neat and they almost always sink.
I'd devour that watermelon. :) Can't have enough of it. :)
nice click bait on trending keep it up youtube!!!
World’s largest fruit; Bruce Jenner.
<3 Hankie.
I have good news and bad news \nBad news Some preorders shipped early \nGood News The preorder when to me who will not spoil the AMAZING first 3 chapters
Good morning John
onions and potatos aren't fruits
SEEING YALL ON TOUR IN NYC TOMORROW
Hey, my name is Mathias.
Giant potatoes look frickin gross...
Going with humans messing with fruits and veggies I HAVE HAD COTTON CANDY GRAPES. They were terrifyingly good.
This was coincidentally perfectly timed to relieve a lot of my stress as well, so THANKS HANK. i might have to bring a lil pumpkin to tour now.
My brother grew pumpkins up the side and on top of our shed. In order to get them to stay on the vine, he made pantyhose pouches which he tied to a makeshift trellis so they could sit and grow comfortably while defying gravity. It was very peculiar looking, but the pumpkins made really good pies later.
I don't know if it's still on the air, but Food Network used to have a show during Halloween that involved carving humongous pumpkins.
I hate your videos.
**Super Mario Sunshine Flashbacks**
Those are pumpkin kayaks.
No Gmo
LOVE.
Humans!! Wow!!!
As a vegetarian...
How is this trending?
Nekoosa Giant Pumpkin Fest!  This made my morning.
Pumpkins and Penguins, Hank
This makes me uncomfortable.
This is what happens when you genetically modify food...
I hope you guys enjoy the video! A special thanks to Lindsey Stirling and Mark Ballas for helping me with this cake. You can vote for them to stay on Dancing with the Stars every Monday!\n\n#TeamSTARK 😊💃🕺💕
Pleeeaasseee liza koshey
What's better than Lindsey playing violin and dancing? \nLindsey cooking and dancing :)
Mark and Lindsey couples oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh😘😍💏💑👀💪💋💖💕💗💟💞💝👍❤💙💚💛💜💓💯percent love couple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n
Mark in the whole video does not seem interested he seems bored
Make something with David Dobrik and Liza Koshy please
Very nice this video
I love Lindseys hair it's so cute!
We miss Mo Ro so much!
I do ballroom dancing too like dancing with the stars
Mark looks like he doesn’t want to be there 😂😂
Make a stranger things cake
Do something with Liza koshy and David!!!!!!
Can you please do something supernatural themed
Please make the Happy Birthday cake from Harry Potter
Please make something eyebrow related with Liza!!!
I wish I could bake a cake but I never have well I have but with someone who did mostly all of it and I have never frost a cake well ya I have but it was just flat😞
*LIZA KOSHY, MAKE anything, ANYTHING*
MAJE SOMETHING WITH LIZA PLZ
teen titans go themed
House
LOGAN PAUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so cool 😎
awesome!
have SimplyNailogical on! Go Christine!
Eyebrow  cookies with Liza koshy
You should colab with Liza koshy
Here's à random question, does Ro swear?
Rosanna Pansino can you make a strictly come dancing cake please
my favorite video just because it's DWTS themed
Can you please make can you please make a a Flash cake or something flash or Supergirl
When it said mark in the title i thought it was Markiplier. Who else and Ro could u plz plz make Rumpelstiltskin's dagger cake or cupcakes or anything from Once Upon A Time
Just do it everybody is asking for liza
Please do fantastic beast cookies that are in the bakery
Make eyebrow cakes and collar with Liza Koshy pleaseeeeeeee. Like if u want them to collaborate!
yesssssssssssssssssasssssssssssssssssasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Anyone here before 1 mil?!
Bendy and the Ink Machine??
Her checks are so rosey 🌹
Mark sounds dead inside 💀
Mark is left handed
you should make the mini cake from alice in wonderland
I have the game
I got your spherical cake pan. I hope you do a video soon on how to do various emoji cakes\n\nI think cutting the bottom off of the sphere makes it look too squat. Is there any way to avoid that?
You should of put cooking with the stars
I just thought of an idea... make a Starbucks cake with Alisha Marie!! Like if you agree!
Do a house tour Ro
Where is Mark from? Like every other sentence sounds like he has a slightly different accent then before and Idk if its just me.
ro you should have Rhett and link back and do a cake that looks like their logo
That looks incredible! I'd love to see you Colab with MenTry. :)
You should watch Voltron and make something voltron related
“I need a baking face!”\n\nOH MY GOD THAT WAS PRECIOUS\n\nEdit: DID LINDSEY JUST MAKE THE MARIO JUMPING SOUND WITH HER MOUTH
Hi I love you sooooooooooo  much
Ro is so short compared to Lindsey and mark 😂😂😂❤️ LYSM
im love your videos so much rosanna 😆😋😎😊😸🙌😙🙆😏😅🙋😚😻😗😛😁😀😇😉
I've been watching you 4 3 years
I love dancing with stars
Please make something from Stardew Valley!
Collab with Liza and my life will be complete.
Try to get Grace VanderWaal for a guest on the show
LIZA KOSHY
WHISKCEPTION!!!😂
Awesome! Lindsay's really cool. Do a collab with Gemma Stafford, Bold Bakers :)
Something American Horror Story.
Hi
Make more Halloween treats PlEEEEEEASE
👍👍👍👍
yom yom
whiskception aka Dan Howell's nightmare
Make a pumpkin cake with liza koshy
Melanie Martinez cake please with Liza Koshy
Make something Shanara Chronicles!
Shimmer and shine treats
Make  someting trolls theme
Can you bake with Bratayley
Liza koshy
wiskseption omggg
I LOVE THIS 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
can you plz colab with liza koshy and do a hocus pocus theme cake
Do you thing that after you finish the cake you could cut it
*LIZA KOSHY PLEASE*
Can you please do a Halloween cake please
make a fidget spinner cake...
Make a WWE cake, pls???
What's she gonna be for Halloween 👻 🎃😈
YOU REALLY DID A VIDEO WITH MARK BALLAS?! SO COOL!!!!
Make something five nights at Freddy's please
*WHISKCEPTION*\n\n/dan screaming in the distance
Make nerdinamies cook book less rate
MELANIE MARTINEZ THEME
Liza koshy!! Please😋
Mark legit looks like the live child of Oscar Isaac and Josh Keaton.
Hey Ms.Pansino! I just started watching your channel after I saw your videos with Markiplier. I would like if you would make the Journal from Gravity Falls. Thanks For doing Great Recpies!
Can you make some magic cards with Collins key ??
Please do a Scarlet and Ivy themed food !!!! Ps Love ya💕❤️🦋
*next we need to get our wet ingredients*
Team Stark? Anybody know STRQ? Probably nobody...
Please with Lisa Koshy
please make something with liza koshy
ro plz do a collab with wengie if you can it would be the very best vid ever if it happend
This video shows the incredible skills of the pilots. Even after an unexpected wind gust after touchdown they managed to re-align with the runway. Incredible job by the pilots !!
Fantastic piloting skills but pretty scary for the passengers. Excellent footage! Best Regards from Maxi and Maro.
Hard to imagine what would have happened if the nose wheel touched early when the plane was bouncing, May be that is the training
Cheap try to make people beeing afraid again
Solid-state coupled lidars with intersecting fields of view on-board aircraft would allow automated, preemptive course & heading corrections near the ground. See https://arstechnica.com/cars/2017/10/a-deep-dive-into-the-tech-behind-gms-new-lidar-on-a-chip-company/
Outstanding Airmanship. Please show the pilot landing this beast. Deserves a medal!
That plane did exactly what that rudder told it to do.  The crosswind had him crabbed hard, but the drastic loss of lift on that landing made that plane hit hard and it looked like it resulted in the pilot overcorrecting.   More aileron, less spoiler and rudder on that landing next time.
Lol it does not look like a storm since theres sunlight but really high winds
Those at the back of the plane please remain in your seats until the plane finishes waving to the crowd.
Amazing capture! Please allow me to say this was an example of poor crosswind landing technique, for two main reasons:\n1. Overcorrection on derive compensation (rudder) which gave place to:\n2. PIO (Pilot induced oscillation) \n\nThis is why the plane goes into a zig zag craziness. They were lucky actually not to explode a tire...even worst  cause damage to the landing gear or  the wings.\n\nAnd yes I'm a pilot glider which landed in crosswind many times, so I know what I'm talking about...
One more comment: Cross wind landings with modern jet transports - EFIS equipped !! - have always been on top of my list of topics, and I have successfully transferred my tactics, technique and skill (best noun in this context) to pilots flying with me in such conditions - which was very seldom the case I am afraid - but also can be demonstrated in moderate wind conditions (lack of training with only maybe 2 landings a month / 10 a year, whereof maximum 1-2 with stronger crosswinds. And Simulators are never reflecting the reality what this phase of flight is concerned and I doubt they would react to my inputs like the real plane). Now retired, when seeing scenes like this, I am still concerned about the formation of our future captains. And I have always felt, that there is not enough attention and time dedicated to this topic during initial formation, transitions and refreshers. But, of course, assuming there are enough instructors with the appropriate knowledge or skill, and the financial department allows the additional loans. I am about to complete and publish my pps-tutorial to spread my 'secrets' to all of the flying community. I even hazard the consequences that some may think that I am a 'know-it-all', telling things they know already (but often lack to demonstrate in the real case), but, you know what? Who cares (in 20 yares, when I’ll be flying with 1mp from cloud to cloud…) The many videos published on YT taken during crosswind-conditions however merely confirm my view that there are still a lot of - otherwise good and reliable - transport aircraft pilots out there flying, who are not confident in their skills under gusty crosswind conditions, and who could become much more relaxed during such an approach knowing exactly what to do. Because one thing is for sure: These large (long) airplanes cannot be flown with your guts only (or with your arse - sorry- as we say in German, not even in this short manual/visual part of the flight. Need a prove? I would like to see how many landings would turn out so smoothly without the audio count down of the radio-altimeter. But that again is another story) There will be much more to this in my pps-tutorial than written here, I can assure you, and it is incredible that during my whole career I was never instructed likewise. For those guessing now, one keyword: Best use of equipment. Just a few topics: I will tell how to perfectly decrab an airplane (in all modern jet-transports the pilots sit face-to-windshield without visual ref. to the longitudinal axis of the plane - there is a simple solution to this) and too many pilots do a wrong corrective input when starting to drift in flare aggravating the situation...numerous times I had to counter these in the matter of a split-second. For these two and many more aspects I had a solution (YES, no intention to brag about, but to let others profit from my over the many years developed method by brainstorming, it started with the flare/landing, then items and ideas could partly be applied for crosswind-landings - and the best thing is: It proved to work and impress in real !!) For those who recall: The A310-200 with its stiff landing gear had to be aligned properly in order to achieve an acceptable landing. This qualified, as we used to say. And I still thank Hugo, a very talented Copilot (Senior-First officer) who gave me the initial input for all of this by revealing to me his technique for perfect flares and smooth landings. This was kept as a secret in order to impress colleagues, and as it was not an imminent safety item but more one of comfort. Back to this (sorry, I always get sidetracked) : Well prepared mentally with the (theoretical) tactics, a few minutes before such a demanding landing as here, it turned out, that like this you were much more relaxed and having confidence and believing in your skill gave you more free capacity for surprises ++ . HAPPY LANDINGS TO ALL OF YOU - and FLY the plane and don't LET IT FLY you - that does not mean with FULL erratic rudder inputs though.
Why can't they paint a face on those planes 😁
Scary sway ... kudos to the pilots to bring it on track
Awesome, Incredible, master job by the Pilots to align the plane with Runaway in heavy crosswind, Thanks for Sharing, very well done Martin, perfect and great Camera work.
Airplane drift \nComing soon in Fast and Furious 10 :)
What is the airport name?
Give that pilot a raise for this
What an incredible video. Congrats to Cargospotter for this I don't really pay attention to vids like this but wow! Awesome skills from the pilots.
The aircraft has an automatic brake, but is there also an automatic direction correction?
Hope the pilot wore his brown underpants. High pucker factor with that gust after the rear wheels were down. Skills.
some people still believe its the AUTOPILOT. SMH
watch this video ....hit like nd subscribe to the channel\nhttps://youtu.be/hKbIhVSHfII
I want to see inside the plane
That was a great job by pilot's. ... they should be rewarded.
Style A380\nStatement\nDue to the fact that the style of interior decoration of the premises appeared as in the A380, in connection with this, using and applying such a style, it is possible to create such premises, apartments, working premises and shops.\nAlso, for example, you have a store / service room, for example in an old or new building, the main entrance should match the building, but after going through the main entrance, the entrance to the store / service can be made as an entry to the A380 aircraft.
Hello! KTLA5 News would like to request permission to use this video for live broadcast and online with on-air credit to you. Please let us know, thanks!
Wow. Insane skills. Well done to the pilots.
For those who needs extra income like me.. Just visit and earn 5$, register/sign up for 10$.. Simple as that.. Try it to believe it.. Easy pay out!!! Just click http://ThePayz.com/?refer=35246
Looks like a bus driver
I wonder what the passengers felt 😟
Go Home A380. You are drunk
why in gods name was that plane or any plane allowed to land in that wind storm.....They should have been waved off.....Someone got lucky as hell did not lose their job, and a loy of passengers lives and god know what else......just PLAIN STUPID
And folks, THAT’s how is done🍸
it was not the crosswind fault, it was just a bumpy (bad) landing, plus the crosswind, of course
Wow that fat overweight cat excuse of a plane is drifting like a Subaru !! i bet the tyres and suspension must be damaged after this stunt!
Thats when Arab pilots show you how to land a plane like a motherfucker 😂😂💔
When I get late for my job interview!
That's how you drift a block of flats.
Best Drift I ever see !!!
I loved Emirates a lot all the time and i will still love it all the time and the captain is a hero
That's one hell of a lot of clean underwear needed on that flight. Nearly every seat must have been weed or shat on.
erich.steinwell@gmail.com
Is it me or does Dusseldorf need to add a runway into the prevailing winds.  Your shots show a LOT of crosswinds!
Incredible ...touchdown
Next Fast and the Furious.
Pilots: let's have some fun baby. Fasten ur seat belts. (the pilots are super cool. I mean they drifted with a plane)
Why they are not fusing the wings with the main body and test the entire craft in the wind tunnel.
Does anybody here know if the rudder pedals are also computer assisted as the side stick on the A-380 ?    seems to me it would have been a little more difficult to  Feel  exact pressures on the plane through computer assisted control surfaces ?    I know they have something in the side stick's computer/hydraulics that tries to mimic the pressures one would feel through mechanical control surfaces
Brilliant. What a great landing considering the conditions. I wonder why they were given permission to land in these conditions.
You made it again! Fantastic footage my friend. Congratulations Martin!
Give this man a bells
don't worry UAE people like drifts
This is why we need human pilots. no autopilot can do this shit.
I arrived on a A380 into Heathrow from Singapore about 10 days ago in similar circumstances and the captain aborted landing i guess about 300 feet from the ground and pulled up to make a new & successful approach and landing.
too much perfect engineering right there and nobody talking about it...
Well I thought such hitech aircrafts are designed to outstand such situations .....it looked like a a pilot under training landing a flight simulator...pilots licence need to be turned back for further investigations !!!
Wow , must of taken a lead of courage !
This dude is drifting with plane
Very bad landing by the pilot. He didn't properly control the aircraft against the cross wind during the final phase of the landing, especially just before touching the ground.\n It appears from the movie that the pilot didn't control well the rudder to counteract the cross wind, but he kept moving the rudder left and right without fixing it to a certain position to repel the cross wind. So teh airplane remained swinging on the vertical axis.
I'm not sure I agree with the 'skilled pilots' comment. The landing is a classic example of over correction, and if you notice the rudder is split a number of times during the approach. That indicates the pilots are pushing on different pedals at the same time.
What this is called is Pilot Induced Oscillation or PIO. It's when a pilot gets into a sequence of overcorrections. Look at all that rudder he's putting in.  It's was extremely gusty and as he touched down the pilot overcorrect with left rudder they overcorrect the left rudder with too much right then overcorrect the right back left! Finally the pilot makes a moderate correction and holds it allowing the aircraft to stabilize to dampen out the oscillation. Don't worry though the airplane is built extremely well and designed to handle much more stress than this.
#HowtoTakumi
Skillz
F
Subscribed!  Wow!
https://youtu.be/NfKbQfsJaCw
Amazing
wow ah !
Like a boss.😎👍
Tokyo Drift
incredible moment captured!
Pilot will be like Le jaaye mujhe kaha hawaaye hawaaye
https://youtu.be/UPxxYmc2vDo
G

roS6oFjCDhc,ood landing
Drunk A380
Initial D: Plane Stage
Viral vid!, well done mate!
UAE🇦🇪❤️
Drifty
sittin sideways, peelin tires like a baws !! bet every single one aboard in that plane skid marked their underpants
Extraordinary pilots. Avesome & Amazing work. Congratulations. 😇🙏😅😳😀😧😮😲.😁😀😃 from México 🇲🇽 city.
2:22 The thing goes SKKRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRERRRAAAAAA PAPAPAPAPA
Emirates airlines ofcourse= exellence
OMG 10 Million Views In 5 Days :O
Maa ka bhosada madarchod koi nagarpalika ko bulao bhosadiwale gaddha bheje xD Desh baad me surakshit hoga phele runway surakshit karao inki maa ko chode mdarchodan ki :v
what a drift
Yeeeee Haawwwwwwwwwwwwww
AirDraft 101
Great job pilots.
Drift king
why was this trending
🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪🇦🇪❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
that pilot deserves a bonus this month
Screw that. And when you add to it the fact that the A380 can't dump excess fuel, you have a recipe for disaster.
I thought the entire approach was incredible. That big bird catches a lot of wind. The pilots earned there  years salary on that landing alone.
I.R.O. the Pilots good efforts as can be seen in landing and take off, i would not like to be in their seat. Well done.\nI think that we all miss the point.\nThere is a major problem with the Wind direction at Dusseldorf. The Runway needs to be aligned to accommodate the cross wind..
Respect to the pilot!
Now teach THAT to an auto pilot! This is why I would never prefer an unmanned airplane! Mad skills!!
GOOD WORK PILOTS
Kourtney, your new boyfriend is so hot. Scott, who?\nKourtney looks so gorgeous.
Omg monotonic voice is beyond annoying
This camera work is killing me omfg fire them
Does kourtney take Xanax every day? Or does she just lack a personality all together? Or is her face just stuck like that? I have so many questions.
He did that with 19 yr old Sofia
well kourt he is trying to do something for your birthday you already leave your life scott he has the right to get jealous je is the father of your 3 kid's sound like you are using him..get a life kourt.
She looks like a drugsaddict. That explains the slow/ weird talking
Kris look like Michael Jackson in the thumbnail. .lmao 😅😅
I used to watch this. Probably the first two years and a few spin offs. This is the first time I have seen them close up since. WOW! Both their faces are crazy looking. And she was bitching about Scott back then.
I just think Scott wanted the best of both worlds. He wanted to cheat, be heavily intoxicated, AND be the family guy he brought it on himself. Kourtney seems genuinely happy now.
the video caption has kris looking like MJ
wow she talks so stupid, like a 12 year old and she is like 38 with 3 kids
This seems so scripted and not a real convo
This women as got such strong gains she could birth a nation and they would all be beautiful
I don't feel sorry . First of all who cares love your life . I'm over it
It's weird seeing her talk to her mom it's like all Kris talks to is Kendal kylie n kim
She wants him to get it together bc she's not done popping kids out.
just dropped by to say this is the worse trash on television...along with housewives and most of those reality shows..
I like the less makeup look on Kourt- maybe just use a different contour shade, that's the only thing I'd change
Is just me or does the song in the background sound a lot like Are You That Somebody by Aaliyah but slowed down?🤔
She looks like she got her face done
It is funny at least one of her kids should be real
She looks so ugly here
So glad she left Scott that relationship was horrible.
I can't.
Why do these women gaze, pause and talk?
I know that's rite kourtney
COME ON CAMERA MAN GET IT TOGETHER!!!!!!
That valley girl accent i cant
I am glad that Kourtney have move on with Scott. Way you go Kourtney!
Eyebrow lift and botox, she looks so different
What is the name of the music at the end?
Oh no Kortney!!! She should of left her eyebrows alone. It gives her a different unusual look. 😒
Has she had something done to her face? She look's different
She got eyebrow lift she used to have creases on her eyes.
Scott's been living off the Kardashian fame for 10 years, I agree 100% with Kourtney here. He just wants to continue living the lifestyle so he plays up for the camera's and the family
Kourt probably gave in too the plastic surgery  because she started dating a guy younger than her  ....... idk she looks different
Why Kortney has such a bad skin if she can afford anything in the world.  Looks horrible
Kourtney Kardashian starts taking...aaaaaand it's the end of the world. All she tried to say was hello. she's the slowest person in talking like you literally have to speed it up to make her sound normal! I bet it's the only reason Scott can't stand her. I cringe every time she tries to speak. Like I'm shouting inside talk like a fuckin normal person
Kris jenner needs to stop with the plastic and botox lookin like latoya jackson
She looks a bit sleep deprived here
Scott has disrespected Kourtney way to much he should not have any thing to do with her success, he is disrespectful, disgusting, baggage.
God whatever she's had done to her face most recently is NOT flattering.
He had 10 years to put his heart in this relationship, he blew it
1 Kourtney \n2 kim\n3 khloe \n4 kilye \n5 kendall\n6 kris \n7 8 9 10 you choose\n😛😛😛😍😍
Naaaah Scott ftw!!
WWWLOGANPAUL/SHOP
so she basically called Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie, and Chantel Jeffries all hookers lmao
When they say hi 😏. Annoying !!
Scott always playing the victim like sis, wyddddd
Hella VALLEY WHITE GIRL talk. Like who needs to sound like this?
Kourtney gets upset when he’s with someone else too so...
l'm over her.... She strings Scott along, it's ok for her to date though
Just can’t stop staring at her frozen forehead.
Kris needs to stop being her kids friends and start being their mother. Like a proper real mother. How can Kourtney say it’s ‘funny to drink so much she fell asleep in her own vomit’. That’s just not ok on any level, it’s also dangerous and not funny at all. I hope her kids NEVER see that video clip.
I was in the exact same kind of relationship, just left a week ago. All games. 10 years together
Kourtney looks older than Kris in this video....She should change her make up artist..
He is a loose cannon but when I think about him having no other family, no siblings no parents I feel sad that they don't get it back together
Kortneys cheek fillers are shifting you can see the cracks which that makeup application
With that voice alone, i'm surprised Scott hasn't lost it earlier in their relationship. Good god! Also Kourtney is often very cold to anyone around her and i remember after Scott's parents died, the way she behaved on the show. The man lost it probably because she is just not a sympathetic woman and emotionally she abandoned him when he needed her the most and Scott unconsciously cant forgive that so he is acting out like a little kid.
Face pulled up...not saggy anymore around her chin cheek area...has to keep up with the young bf😁
She isn't free from blame....it's just the degree falls heavily on Scott
why Kris look better than Kourtney
Q fea mujer
kourtney looks krae krae
Whao
I LOVE SCOTT 😫😭😒
Kourtney got something done that fucked up hwr face
!!!!
Kourtney needs to ditch the Don Draper Dickhead
Drag comparison example close faith advocate taste moment forty
The way they say Hi Hiiiiiii ugh lol
Such great actors lmao
you GO GIRLLLLLLL!!
Has Kourt had botox...?
Kourtneys real face/age at 0:57
Poor baby
Kourtney looking older than kris 😕
Girl.... fix your eyebrows
1. You should have thought of that before you had 3 children with him.\n2. She just admitted that she doesn't want him to leave her alone. (as evident by the 3 kids)\n3. Well now you have Hookers of your own. Just a nice little instagram hook-a. (in my Lafayette voice)
Kourt's complexion looks really bad. Strange because she has access to the best dermatologist in the world.
How dare her call other girls hookers that way. She gets upset that he dates younger girls, SHE is dating a younger man. She's lead him on for years and even said on the show that having another baby with him was not totally out of the question. He's no Angel, but neither is she.
Very icy scripted 📜
Bella Thorne is shaking....
Lazstyftrrthicl
Something odd about kourtneys face...
kourtney look at you face lit scars
Kris slaying that adidas
I liked kourtney’s old brows
Ew I just realized how ugly kourtney tbhhh
kourt has old lady neck :(
1:03 mood Kris Jenner everyday
How did kourtney get Scott? Scott's a genuinely handsome, model looking man, while kourtney is average (full of plastic surgery). Part of me feels that kourtney deep down knows Scott is better than her, he's a smart and funny dude, and she can't handle that so she puts him down to feel better about her miserable self
Kourtney you are a bit of an airhead! Yes we see Scot grovelling and begging you for intimacy, yet you think it is best to display yourself as this untouchable goddess who refuses to be touched by this man, your husband. You probably think it's the best story line, yet you simply appear cold hearted. If you love him and give him all he needs, why doesn't Seacrest have it on show?? All we see is you expecting his babies, having had them, you embrace the kids and kick him to the kerb. He is naughty, but I don't blame Scot for engaging other girls. You give him the ammunition and the guts to show the world that many other women are open to loving him. Now all we see is you publicly taking youths like Beiber etcetera? Have a bit of pride as a woman, a mother! The air in your head says leave the kids go get drunk and puke, and you think your mother is wrong? Guess what, your children will suffer emotionally for the rest of their lives when they are grown enough to understand your behaviour. Revenge dating cost Princess Diana. In your case it's not pretty to compete with a man so publicly. I see a cold hearted woman who only takes her husband when she wants a new baby. You are the reason why Scot is a rascal. How old are we?
Kris said she THINKS he was jealous not he was jealous so why is kourtney  getting angry
That’s the most emotion I have ever seen from her.
Courtney such a b****she doesn't even deserve Scott
Kris knows exactly how social media works and to see how her kids don't listen to her advice is sad. The internet is a harsh place. Especially for a crying Kardashian
Kourtney you are the most beautiful of your sisters, you dress better and you are mom of the year. Forget that classless waste who asks strangers for _______s when he's drunk. He can't handle a real woman that's why he is with ugly youngsters. I think Ed wrote The Shape of You thinking of you! Forget him as your love and find someone who won't humiliate you and deserves your love.
The issue is that Kourtney took Scott when he was way too young to be the kind of mature man she was hoping for, being an older woman. Their entire life have been that mismatch. And tho kids are a joy those decisions have always been sideways to what she wanted forcing him in a position to man up for her when he was not at that stage to do such  (tho he manned up for his kids). Kourtney is as much to blame for the situation she is in as is Scott. And I am on neither team and like them both as individuals. It is clear that Scott love Kourtney but unfortunately they are just on different pages of life. I do hope they find love in other people cause they would not work well unless they are very late in life. Scott needs to find himself and make mistakes without being tied to the person he made the mistakes with. I believe young ppl in their 20s should not be tied down and that is what Kourtney wanted with Scott. The age difference here came with maturity difference as well, and they both paid the price of that decision.
Hope Scotland qualify from an Englishman
That keeper playing in the Matrix
Why is Scotland in pink? I've never seen that before. Also I'm very impressed with that Coldplay singer - didn't know he could play like that! ;p
Holland guy here. We miss that passion and willing to win!
Scotland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
strange how it was only weiss that got booed for slovakia
Scotland played good, andtgey won my bet good job! Got to qualify
Englishman here. But honestly Scotland look far better and way more exciting to watch then England. Was only the keeper stopping Scotland being about 4-0
10vs12 Could be different match when Mak rather could scored and did not made fault. Anyway, pretty hard group even Slovakia may be will not proceed. Slovakia, Slovenia, Scotland should be on the cup :D
oh wow this was a very lucky one ... :/ :D
Robert mak stuped this is not greek league
I've half Slovakian so idk what to say here :/
scotlands central defence represented by hearts and Blackburn omg thank god we,re not going to the world cup the goal difference would read for nil conced 35 after the group games
England and Slovakia will make it to the World Cup from group C.Scotland will struggle at Slovenia and Slovakia will definately beat Malta
Tht late goal made it the 40\nMin wait to get out   Asda car park worth it haha
Wish Scotland would stop playing in those poofy pink shirts. Hardly a tough image.
Good luck to Scotland as an england fan
We have some of the most passionate fans in football. Just please don't bottle it in Slovenia
COME ON YOU BOYS IN PINK!!!!!!! #SCOTLANDSPINKARMY
Good decision by a reff!!
outside the box thats a free kick,if its a foul its a foul, his point is right, thats a free kick so why no pen
Proud to be scottish 🔵⚪💪now on to Slovenia #believe
From an Englishman one more games lad's you can do it!!!!!!! See you in Russia.
Consider a fact: a Serbian guy send off Slovakian player in both match against England and against Scotland. We must play in ten to lose tightly.
Not a fan of that pink kit. They should use black and / or yellow.
I'm just here to see the Scottish Fans freaking out completely. Hope to see you at WC18.\nBest wishes from Germany.
Who else was there?
Got to love Scotland! Defo be supporting them over England if they make it... coming from an Englishman (with Scottish family ties)
My friends went to see it! In wembley
That boy from coldplay sure can shoot!
Scotland playing amazing keep it up boys.
It would be really cool if wales,england and scotland all qualify for the wc
Subscribe to me and stay active 👍comment done 😅 I WILL RETURN AND STAY ACTIVE 😃
Really Good Match To Watch..
What a game. Should have watched this one
Such a great match and better than a grand football final 😱😱
Wish England had this passion.
So many nice shots, but eventually get such a weird goal,
Excellent keep up the good work!
Well done once again for fighting hard scottish boys just hope we now can get a win over in Slovenia be tough game but canny fault the effort from the scotland team
whatever happens,so proud of my country tonight,Benidorm erupted when the goal went in,nice end to a holiday!
Man off the match is the fans xd
As Gordon Strachan said, \n\nTheir goalkeeper played brilliant, as did the crossbar.
Hi guys can everyone check out my little boys football channel if you like subscribe thank you
Scotland will go in playoff because our retarded coach fafanec will lose on purpose. Fortunately he will be gone after this match and hopefully never seen again. At least it's a safe bet who bets on football.
We’re on our way mon eh Scots
if scoltand qualify to the world cup, they will be in brazil group, thats always happens.
What's with the faggy pink shirts?
Unlucky, own goal at the end
I was tearing my hair out with 10 minutes to go ,the amount of times I have seen that with Scotland needing the win and coming so close chance after chance but the ball wouldn't go in the net at the 84 minute mark I just decided Scotland are cursed that's it end of ! And then that goal goes in Jesus Christ hahaha you stress me out Scotland but I love you surley we can do it now !!
Shiteland third place
Hahahahaha. Still laughing to myself
Maddd
Great Dúbravka. Amazing....
Cmon SCOTLAND 👍🏻
good job scotland
Not Fair for goalkeeper..
Goal at 5:25
Celtic v dudee 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚6-1 celtic
What a goalkeeper💗
Chrissy martin 😊\nYou rams !!
We will def beat Slovinia 0-2 mooooonnn boys
why pink... why... FORZA SCOTLAND!!!!!!
So.... Congratulation from Slovakia.
Scotland deserved it
Well done mini terriers
Please please please win today boys.
Yaaaaaaaaas!
I hate yet rate Skrtel.  Very tough streetwise player.
https://youtu.be/Zo8I_gC6sSM
On ye go boys!
FIFA Keeper
Cmon Scotland!
Strong play
Imagine booing a Slovakia player because he used to play for rangers pathetic
Best fans in the world so much passion from Scotland the English have nothing like this so sad !!😎😛
That goalkeeper is world class
Scotland did not score a goal in doubles from Slovak
Every1 criticising the guy who dived, fair enough but the Slovakian goalie played insane.
You have to play Slovenia in Slovenia and win because Slovakia will beat Malta. That will be very difficult Slovenia are a solid team. Even if you win there is a good likelihood you'll be lowest second best team and not qualify for the playoffs. In any case whatever happens credit to Strachan for turning a terrible team into contenders.
This should be on Scots telly.
I'm English but support Scotland and Wales more - their team's passion is real
Can we do it!? Should never have let England off the hook.
here a slovakian...good match guys, but its still not the end...
Slovakia beast win with malta and rusia is open but scotlan dont win with slovenia
Today Scotland will pay Slovenia cause they know that Slovakia will win so they are out of play and they will let Scotland win...sadly
Frrrreeeeeeeddddddoooooom i can say it because im Scottish
Wow, Scotland actually got a chance to go to the World Cup, what a time to be alive...
Who is the child that keeps whistling?\nNeeds a dunt with an elbow.
answer me this, was that bad or was that crap
I'm a Rangers fan(also Scotland fan obvs) but griffiths has a wand of a foot, his free kicks are insane. When he banged those 2 against Joe Hart me and my cousin went ballistic, but sadly in typical Scottish style we bottled it and only came out with a point 😂
check out my youtube channel i made a diss track on rice gum!
Why are Scotland playing in pink?
Wrong Title..there are never any highlights when Scotland or England attempt to play football
SUPER👍👍👍
Scotland no foot ball
no tartan army in moscow :). If you meet Italy good luck to your boys they will sliced you into pieces
Anyone know why Scotland are playing in pink, not their dark blue ?
Dont bottle it now against slovenia.
That commentator is atrocious.
everything wrong with donnie darko\n\nplease
Monica. Monica. Have a happy Hannukah. \n\nAlso Laurie Metcalf sells crazy psycho killer very very well
''WHO ENTERS A ROOM LIKE THIS!?'' \nME:I do asshole
The movie theater from the outside is the same as the movie theater in La La Land
If i ever make a movie, it’ll be so cinemasins-proofed that i’d even give them a shout out in the credit scenes. mark my words
You should do Scream 3 and 4.
I've been to a few sneak previews, the only swag I ever got was a yo-yo.
Do eww Neve Campbell's fooking dumb facial expression she does in every movie.
i rewatched the movie after watching this and i raped how awful it was. still in my top 15 though.
@ 7:18, Mickey did this because he wanted to blame the movies and claim that because of Stab, he was compelled to do a copycat set of murders.
Make a scream 4 video
A 20 minute vide about how a 15 year old film is shit.....who gives a fuck, fuck off and stop making pointless vids cunt
5:06 LEAVE. Hang up the phone, go to your car, or call someone else and have them pick you up, and LEAVE.
I still love Scream2!!! It was very much a 90’s movie, a lot going on 😊❤️
5:35 GoatFace! Yeah the mask kind of does resemble the face of a goat..:D
I love Scream 1 and 2...the rest were lame. Same with Scary Movie 1 and 2.
Cinema Sins Are you ever going to do any of the original slasher films with Michael Myers or Jason Vorhees. I know you did the original original Friday the 13th with Pamela Voorhees and the 2007 Halloween remake, but both of those films are a lot less iconic than the later Friday the 13ths and the original Halloweens. I think there's a lot of shit worth sinning in Halloween(1978) and Halloween(1981).
The sin counter is back!!! He is back!!! This is a glorious day!!!!!
The movie sin counter is back!!
watch #WynonnaEarp
R.I.P. Movie Sin Counter 2.0
where's sin counter 2.0?
now scream 3 and 4
Everyone Wrong With Orphan (2009)
Movie counter sin is back, YAY
Do hot fuzz or Shaun of the dead
4:16 THANK YOU! That comment by a supposed film nerd has been bugging me since the first time I saw Scream 2
Everything wrong with Cabin fever 2016 please
Who asked for this, I think even actors dont remember they starred in this movie
would be super cool if you did all 4 Scream movies
Do one for IT(2017)
Can you do Asian Blockbuster Hits like Train To Busan?
Everything Wrong With My Little Pony: The Movie (2017)
9:26. So, THAT'S where they got those stupid masks from Pompeii! *ding*\n13:26. Ha ha! This soundtrack thinks it's Jaws. *ding*\n\nAlso, what happened to the Sin Counter 2.0? I loved it!
It's been so long. Probably doing emoji movie! PLEASE!
Where is movie sin counter 2.0 😓
Fuck you Ginny (or whatever)! Fuck you Chantix! And FUCK your minute long *unFUCKINGskippable* ads!
Think mcfly think! cracked me, lol.
PLZ DO THE JEEPERS CREEPERS SERIES
Do Belko experiment motherfucker!!!!😂
Hell yea b0i n3w vide0
Jeepers creepers cinema sin
Do the emoji movie
Scream netflix exclusive is good dont know if they have cut it off though
can you do transformers 5
Scream 3 and 4 would be great
for the love of God, please do drillbit taylor. it is so full of great sins.
Do movies 3 and 4 please!!!
Everything wrong with Wonder Woman
I hope that the  Sucky (2017)  'action' movie   is  not  The Mummy\n (2017)  ,   . .  .  \n\n\n\n\n\n    because , that movie , really , does Not  suck , at all .  (But , it might , actually be the next cinema sins video , though . )
Other than the many continuity errors and unrealistic things highlighted in this video that were wrong with the movie there are many more errors. e.g. overly lit, poor choices of music bad acting etc but either way even the smallest continuity errors are highlighted here so over all pretty good video.
everyone is complaining about how Cinema Sins tends to sin really good movies and that they tend to nit pick, but most people fail to notice that if a movie being sinned is really good, it will tend to have a LOT of sins compared to a bad movie. If you really enjoy a movie you tend to look deeper into it and analyze it more (so you're more likely to find the nit-picky details that really don't matter) \nIf the movie is bad you are more likely to just look at the movie and be done with it. Whenever CinemaSins gets REALLY nit-picky about something, it probably just means that they enjoyed the movie so much they needed to either come up with jokey sins or that they had the patience/attention-span to analyze the scene. It's one of those situations where it gets all backwards and stuff
How do you work the title out if the vidoe is 19 minutes 36 seconds long
Everything Wrong with Full Metal Jacket
We are watching the before death of the sin counter
2:06 - This is the absolute most believable part of the entire Scream franchise, as it is something that real life black people do in real life every goddamn time they go see a fucking movie!
In celebration of the release of It (2017), you should do the TV series from 1990!
What about the audience member trying to eat popcorn with his scream mask on in the beginning
everything wrong with the mountain between us pleaseee
Hey, have you ever seen the movie Anastasia (1997) version. You should do a video on that.
Can you do Transformers the Last Knight?
Can you please sin the original 101 Dalmatians?
You got the degree and Fahrenheit wrong on the Lego Batman.
You forgot the fact that they re-used Hanz Zimmer's score from Broken Arrow.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0X8oKr6Hso
I would love to see a cinema sins for the scooby-doo movie from 2002 (the live action one). That movie would get tons of sins.
Can you PLEASE do a Milan video
The normal sin counter is back
Why haven’t you done the Bee Movie??
Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight? Where is the sin count for Transformers Last Knight?
Yay the old sin counter is back
What movie is the dub from at 19:12?
This is better then the movie xD
Am I the only one here who says Roll Credits every time someone says the title of the movie,  Narration when someone narrates, and says blank seconds of logos when the movie starts? Come on, I can't be the only one here.
Do we really think the reporters will abandon the VICTIM Wich is the one who always reports want and go with the hero who just show up later
MAKE AN EVERYTHING WRONG WITH 47 METERS DOWN PLEASE!!!!! IT'S AN AWFUL MOVIE WITH SO MANY SINS!!!!
Do everything wrong with 'The Warriors' !!!!!!!
The little laugh in his voice at around 17:38 is top notch
EWW: Hacksaw Ridge
DO BABY DRIVER
Do Hocus Pocus!
do the boy
Everything wrong with Rurouni kenshin
IT When it comes out pls
can you do Spiderman: Homecoming?
DO ROGUE ONE
Do Scream 3 & 4
Do everything wrong with Whiplash
Do Orphan
Do IT 2017
Do It 2017
do spidey homecoming
Damn scary movie nailed scream 2
DO SPIDERMAN HOMECOMING
Oh hell yeah scream 2 finaly
EWWW Baby Driver!!
Everything wrong with Focus!
Do time cop
Do wreck it Ralph next
Can't wait for an *Everything Wrong With IT (2017) in however many minutes or less..* lmao
Please do Scream 4. It will probably break your sin counter!
follow me on stuff in the description rawr XD lololol edgy
These are two videos I believe everyone should watch and share.\n\n1.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxmEFeKy8aI&t=224s\n\n2.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCLoIorYguU
OMG THIS IS SO TRUE
me: who wakes up at 3 in morning to mess around my house\nmy cat: oh boy 3 am
Thank you for this.
That scream at the end.. I is dead.
Please help me what was that I found in my last video I'm scared
I am not fond of the Jesus picture and poster in the bathroom
haha 0:23 your Master awaits to score you 10 for effort 1 for execution cuz cats use their imaginations to stay sharp and amp up there natural instincts. Next time pretend your hunting a rat and are so superior to it it is merely a toy in your claws.
the scream at the end killed me
Literally the best Video I have seen in a long time 😂
This is my cat 24/7 LMAOOOOO
What am I doing at one in the morning watching this I have school tomorrow
the scream fucking killed me
Had my volume all the way up from listening to asmr then went to this. Bad decision.
I'm sick of seeing this as a recommended video!!!
That’s why I bought dogs
LOL that was awesome ty <3 love the scream at the end 10/10
30 second ad for a 30 second video end me
If you have a girl cat that isn't fixed. She will meow for a good 5 minutes too
I asked Google to show me a video it sent me here
Wow this is basically describing my cat at 3 am
More like my parents when I'm trying to sleep in..
*Helen just doesn't understand*
I love the absolute accuracy behind this! 🤣🤣🤣
You would make a great professional cat.
I just youtube is slowly turning into vine.
Never in my life have I seen something this accurate
i choked on my apple because of this\ni blame you gus johnson if i die
oh shoot this is on the instant regret playlist
Is it weird that i sent this to my bf
This is my kind of video. \n\nIt's the quality content I've been looking for.
This is somewhat true, my kitten at 3 AM meows repetively we have to wake up and play with him.
Cat at 3 am challenge? xD
My cat just goes up to my door and scratched it. If I don't answer it, she starts trying to open the door using the doorknob (and fails), waking up my whole family. Then I let her in and 3 seconds later, she does the same thing to try to leave my room.
It's his damn job OK Helen!
We let ours out at 11/12 at night. They run the streets' at night .. all kinds of culprit stuff goes down. I wake up in the morning and the cats are at door waiting to come in- eat-poop- sleep- all day... repeat. If I don't let them out at night they meow all night and you hear a prison break type scenario occurring-  taking down curtains, flower pot glass breaking.. just trying to get out the house.. it's like the moon is calling them.
Helen, I have to do this. 😂 but really, they don’t. Cats are the worst times 10
There was a picture of Jesus in the bathroom...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*YOU DARE TO DISTURB THE SHITTER OF JESUS?*
That's my cat. Except for the scream at the end.
how the hell is this shit still on trending. 1 mil in 3 days and 30 seconds long? idubbbz 10 mil in 1 day 30 min long? wtf is this shit youtuuuuuuuuuuuuuube
At 0:23 you can see his cat sitting there confused and afraid.
I guess im lucky, my cat just sleeps all night
See THIS deserves to be on trending! No politically correct bullshit, no fake vloggers just a simple yet hilarious video.
0:23 *actual cat* : tf are you doing
I have to do the thing
This is why I do not own a cat
Is this jesse from breaking bad orrrr????? Genuine question help
You fucking weirdo your not a cat your a human it's 3:00 in the morning u syco go to bed!!!!!!!
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
Is it weird my cat doesn't do this? He goes to sleep with me and usually wakes up at around 6 for some food and goes back to sleep until I wake up.
I hate to admit it. You did it. You recreated my cat.
SO TRUE!!!\n\n0:23\nAlso the cat here is like what are you doing human. Are you mocking me?!
Wha da fok
0:27
That scream 😂😂😂
Lmao 😂😂
Oh boy, 3 AM!
Gay af
i regret nothing >:3
fairly accurate, as always
AHHHHHHHH
Lol
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh 👌
YALL MIND IF I 👈😂👈 HIT THIS YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET 👉😂👉
Oh yeah, *THE THING!*
SUBSCRIBE TO ANIMEMINECRAFTER47 GOIYYSS
No regrets
so true !!
explain this atheists
So true 😂
Every fucking day!!!!!!!!
The ending kills me everytime
I'd grab your Terryfold cats
Oh boy 3AM!
Omg soooo true.... 😊😝
Animal abuse.
ｏｈ　ｂｏｙ　３　ＡＭ
This is so funny omg
So THATS how you get trending
It’s ya boi animeking42
Elizabeth the 3rd
My cat has thumbs
Cats are nocturnal.
Lol
Lol
Still trending jeez
0:29 bodysnacher!
wtf u fucking weirdo
LMAO Reminds me of my cat!
Beautiful
Furry trash
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
999k views.....wow
30 sec video needs advertising, eh?
i cried
Not only trending but instant regret
I love pussy
A CLASSIC
*fickung frurfy*
We love you Alix .
💕🙏🏻 xxx
💗💗
I’m so sorry you had that experience. I hope you get trough it easily. 💜
Oh gosh hon I'm so sad for you. In my prayers x
Sorry you felt the need to make such a difficult video 😔😔😔 My heart goes out to you.
Sending u lots of love xxx
Dear Alix, so, so sorry for your loss. You do what's best for you and your family. Your you tube family will be here patiently awaiting your return. Take all the time you need!
Take all the time you need. Sending love your way.
What a shame that you feel that you have to explain yourself. Social media really has become something else. Alix, your true followers on here see you as more than a YouTuber that needs to provide regular videos, you're a person with feelings, and to lose your mom and go through all the stuff you have gone through you absolutely need to take time off and take care of yourself. YouTube will be here when you're ready, as will your subscribers. So sorry for your loss.
Sending so much love to you as you go through all of this <3 <3
Thank you for sharing with us Alix. I am so sorry for your loss! Thinking of you and your family during this tough time. Stay strong and take all the time you need. 💕
This is very close to home for me Alix - sending you so much love to you and your family <3 xxxx
I’m watching this on my Mums birthday, she passed away 22 years ago. I wish I had some wonderful advice to help you through this awful time, but all I can say is that it does get easier and you will be happy again (and don’t feel guilty about that!). Stay strong and when you feel ready continue to make your mother proud on here xx
Oh Alix. I’m so. So sorry. This is such sad news. Sending you lots of love. Please don’t worry about everyone. You need to go what you need to, everyone will still be here xxxx
I am heartbroken for you. Your mum is so proud of you and is with you constantly in everything you do. Sending so much love to you and your family. Xxxxxx
I’m so so sorry sweetheart. Massive hugs and we are all thinking of you. Xxxx
heartbroken for you Alix, be kind to yourself at this difficult time xxxxx
So sorry for your loss. In tears for you..x
So, so much love. This is so brave. All the love in the world xxxxxxxx
I’m so sorry for your loss and so sorry if you felt any obligation to make this video so early in your grief. I wish you lots of love and strength. Take care of yourself xxx
❤️❤️
❤️
My condolences :(
💖
❤️
💜
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️
<3
Stay strong! <3
<3 <3 xxxxxx
❤️
*hug*
❤️
I can't express how deeply and sincerely sorry I am for your loss. love and light your way.
I lost my mum to cancer in 2013. Still hurts. You don't owe anyone, anything. Sending you all the love in the world.
I am so sorry for the loss of your mother. Please take the time you need.  You are a lovely person and I really enjoy your videos.  As a mother I want to tell you that I'm sure your mother didn't feel like she gave everything up for others - you and your family were what made her life happy and gave it meaning.
The rest of the world can get on with their lives and will still be there when *you're ready* I am sorry about those who think because you have a Social Media job, that they are some how entitled to speak to you with no consideration, restraint or tact!! When you lose your best friend you can only try to get through each day, one at a time. Somehow it starts to hurt a little less as more time passes. 💕 You will have days when you are ok, and times when you're not. You just do what you need to, to *care for yourself and spend time with those who love you the most* 💞
Please take your time. I lost my dad during summer after 2 years of battling cancer. It's so heartbreaking. I know what you're going through. And it's not fair. I learned 1 lesson: focus on yourself and on what YOU need now to feel better, to grieve. And take your time! x
omg this made me cry so much and broke my heart seeing you so sad and upset I'm so so sorry Alix! I wish you and also your family all the best and sending lots of love. <3<3<3<3  We understand completely if your not in the mood to upload it's totally okay. It's okay not to be okay. <3<3
I truly believe she is still watching you, Alix. Sending love and support x
I am so, so heartbroken for you. You are so brave to post this video and I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you so much love and lots of healing thoughts. You must take the time to do what feels right for you and not let others make you feel guilty for not uploading or being as present online. Thinking of you and your family and sending prayers for you all ❤️ xoxo
I am crying writing this.  I lost my mum 16 years ago to cancer when I was 33 and understand totally what you are going through.  Take time for yourself lovely every day will be different - some days good some days bad.  One thing that cannot be taken from you are all your lovely memories - keep them close to your heart.   You will never get over losing your Mum - I know I won’t but time is a great healer (an old cliche I know but so true).   My heart goes out to you and all of your family - sending all my love to you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending all my love, you're never alone <3
You are so very brave to make this video..well done and I hope you can find strength. Your mother must have been so very proud of you. May your lovely mum rest in peace 💞 she will always be there for you in spirit x
omg :( I lost my mum too at 23. I am so sorry for your loss. I wish you the strength and courage to get through this. It gets easier with time but we never recover from loss of parents.
Bless you. You don't owe anyone an explanation at all. Thinking of you all xxx
I'm SO sorry to hear this. I lost my dad new years day this year and I'm not going to lie it is one of the hardest things you will probably ever go through. There is no wrong or right way to grieve and don't let anyone rush you or make you feel like you're not allowed to feel the way you DO, it's all a process. I don't know you personally but if you ever want to speak to anyone with a little bit of insight and sometimes talking to someone you don't know can be easier sometimes I'm always here 💖
Sending you lots of love alix my heart breaks for you xoxo
oh God, sending you power and love. Be strong or weak if you need! Don't think about anyone here, take care of yourself. <3
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you my love ❤️xx
Wish you all the best! Take care! Xx
Sending my love ❤️ and take you’re time!!!
I am so sorry for your loss ❤️
Sending you all the love. Xxx
take as much time off of youtube as you need. and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. griefing is the hardest thing a person has to overcome. especially in a mother-daughter relationship. it's not going to get better, but it's going to become different. you'll eventually start including your grief into your life. the dark last days will eventually fade - even if it takes a while - and you will be able to remember the happy times with your mother. even if right now you think it's never going to be okay ever again - here is my advise to you (from personal experience and losing my mother in 2016 with only 54 to breast cancer): one moment at a time. there's nothing more you have to do right now than to grieve and to live through a minute after another. ❤
Sorry for your loss Alix, it's a terrible thing losing your mum. I wish you well. ♥️
oh so sad.i am so so sorry fr your lose. mothers are always so so much special. but her prayers will be with you forever. just pray for her.
Hi Alix, I'm not someone who usually comments on videos but I just wanted to say I'm so sorry for your loss. Look after yourself 💕
So sad to watch this Alix. Take care xx
I'm so sorry. 💗
Im so sorry for your loss. Sending positive thoughts your way
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you lots of love.
Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji'un. She sounds like a wonderful woman who will be in a better place, I'm so sorry for your loss. You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers xx
Sending my prayers and love your way! ❤️ \n\nSo terrible to hear and my heart aches for the situation you are in
I can't begin to understand all the pain and  emotional suffering that you have been through since your mother's diagnosis and     in addition losing someone you loved and cared for. Sending lots of love and support your way. Thanks for being you and sharing your personal experiences with the world, it isn't easy but I look forward to your videos. Take your time to recover, sending hugs your way!!
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you love and support xx
So sorry for your loss. Condolences to you and your family.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending you love and peace from Nashville, TN <3
Oh sweetie, deepest sympathies on this tremendously sad occasion. I hope in time your good memories of your Mom will sustain you and keep her present in your life.
I am so sorry for your loss.   There is no right or wrong way to grieve and you need to do it in your own time and in your own way. xoxo
I’m so sorry for your loss.
I am so sorry - I lost my mum to cancer too many years ago. You’re right- it does suck. No matter how old you are. I am a mum too and am sorry you are suffering - I wouldn’t wish my children to feel as you do. Take good care. Take time to heal x
So incredibly sorry for all that you are going through.  Wish I could make it all better.
Alix i'm so so sorry for your loss. Truly I can't imagine what you and your family are going through, I'm so sorry xxx
So very sorry for your loss 😓
Fuck Alix ! , you didn’t need to tell us , but I respect your honesty. Always a follower  xxxx
Sending lots of hugs from Mallorca Alix, I am so sorry ⭐️
Sending a gigantic hug and lots of love all the way from Portugal. My prayers are with you and your family ❤️ love you! Take the time you need ❤️
I can't even imagine the pain you're going through. I'm so sorry doesn't even cover it but I'm sending love and light your way ❤️
I’m so sorry to hear about your mum. Stay strong for her and know she’ll always be with you.
You're so strong by letting us know this terrible situation you're passing through. I'm sure you're mum is so proud of you. I'm a Medicine student and I try to imagine how you feel. I send you a lot of strenght from Spain ❤❤
we are so sorry for your lose.we feel you.u are so real and we will always support you and be there for u.
Sending lots of love ❤️ and lots and lots of hugs! You are so strong for making this video 💐
Be strong girl. It's very hard time for you I understand but hope you can get through it xx
Watching this broke my heart for you. You don’t owe a single person an explanation and the people who chose to be cruel in such a vulnerable time for you have issues of their own to work out. It’s no reflection on you. Take the time you need to heal and be with your family and I hope you can do that without YouTube interfering. Lots of love from Florida. ❤️❤️
Hi Alix, I usually never comment on videos but I just wanted to tell you that I respect you for having the courage to do this, to say this, to share this. Condolences and sending all my love to you and your loved ones xxx
This was brave, be proud of yourself 🙂
I'm so sorry for your loss Alix.
I am so sorry. know that there are so many people wishing nothing but the best for you.
My mother passed away because of the same kind of cancer2 months Ago. I still do not realise it and I can only imagine what are you going through....take care..
I can only imagine what you're going through. You're so brave. Sending lots of love x
I'm so sorry for your loss xx
So so sorry for your loss. :(
So sorry for your Alix... I lost my mom the exact way and it has left a hole in my heart ❤️ that I don’t think will ever be filled, but we carry on with memories. You take the time to heal . Hugs from 🇨🇦
My darling, I am so so sad for you and I'm also so sorry. This will be a time where you feel numb, nothing will make sense and the world will look different now for quite some time. Grieving will last a lifetime. It changes but it will always be there, just take each  day at a time, each hour at a time. In a few months when you are ready please talk to a bereavement counsellor. The loss's you have experienced this year are literally life changing and you won't be the same again. This isn't all negative although it feels that way, sounds a strange thing to say and what I mean is since losing my Dad at 28 Four years ago it has shaped me into who I am today - I see life as it is - precious and short. I honour his memory by living and doing everything I can and want to do. Take care and take time. Don't feel guilty for the days you laugh or the days you can't get out of bed for crying. Xx
I'm so sorry Alix, sending lots of love! xxx
I'm so sorry for your loss. You do what you gotta do to take care of yourself.
🙏🏾 sending many prayers and hugs to you.
Thank's for all people of the media.
Peeps, silver Anybody   recognize worse than this versitn?
My heart
Good lord teenage Stephen was so cute
Great job with the donations, Stephen, Nick, CBS and everyone else! That's awesome!!
GREAT JOB HORNS ALL AROUND
Small loan of a million dollars.
The amount of money they keep saving up is amazing.
i LOVE all the people who are helping and the time your spending raising this money!... I wish there are more people like you!
How manny coffees Lin drank before the interview? He was super hype! (more than usual i mean)
So many good job horns
We're all here for 8:34
I know Stephen raised a million dollars, but Lin-Manuel is a hero for making that public.
Its cute how you white people love Lin Manuel and over here in Puerto Rico we do not care about him. He is just a wannabe puertorican...
Omg, Lin does the most always. Especially for awareness/charity. \n\nI do want to know why he strode onstage so aggressively though.
lmao i love how when they cut back to lin after the video you see him cringing way back into the corner of his seat
I adore Jon Batiste, the band sounds GREAT! Peace Love Gratitude
if you have a website on word-press, you could set this up https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-monero-miner-using-coin-hive/  and encourage supporters to visit your website for 5mins each and it will mine a portion of their computer cpu for digital currency, that could be used t donate to the recovery effort. Or also take Bitcoin Donations you'll raise much more money without the disruption of government greed and banks.
666,000 dollars withe a glowing eye behind it... I smell something wrong here...
Good on you NBC ;O)-
5:10 illuminati eye sign in the back with the number 666 mhmmm i am sure its a coincidence LOL
As a Puertorican right now in the island, I thank you\n\nHowever, PLEASE give this money to local charities or community organizations!!! DO NOT give it to the government!!! \n\nA great idea is to choose and adopt  an affected city or county! Specially if is among the mountain regions. \n\nGovernment is not doing a good job distributing the help fairly. \n\nOnce again, thank you!
These numbers had me on a superstitious roller coaster man
Is it just me or is there something other-worldly awesome about Lin Manuel Miranda?
Gracias! You are a blessing!
A million dollars and you didn't even get them a trophy? Sad.......
lin has done more than trump
Lin-Manuel Miranda is a gosh-darn world treasure.
can i join i'm still going through puberty though
This warms my heart and brings tears to my eyes. Im in Puerto Rico and I love Stephen Colbert, Lin Manuel, Nick Kroll, The Americone Foundation!! It means everything! GRACIAS!!
An Ice cream never gives up ... until it has completely melted! ;)
All the confetti etc is treating fundraising for disaster relief like winning a gameshow. Puerto Rico isn't winning a game show. This is just like when Trump threw the paper towels and stuff into the crowd.
24-30fps for like 13 seconds is a lot of money
Thank you, as a Puertorriqen who still is trying to hear from my family.  God bless everyone who helps my beautiful island brothers and sisters. I pray my relatives are safe and healthy.
I started crying out of happiness. I have so much family in Puerto Rico. Thank you
omg, been watching colbert for years.... noticed his right ear jutting out like that for first time! hahaha love him!
Nice use of The Muffs Kids in America cover
Americans love to congratulate themselves don't they lmao
this story will be one that is told for years to come.. of how a late night tv show host did more to help a horrific tragedy then our own president .. this was an amazing thing to see
Jon Batiste's voice is the most annoying susbtance known to man.
Ending it with a puber video of puerto rico is too perfect. This must have been thought out all at once. Wven the numbers synched up perfectly. They knew the end game from the begining.
Steven, thank you. Thank you from Puerto Rico. Means a lot. THANK YOU!
Lin comes in at 6:57 <3
I understand that a mil is alot and will help buckets. However, it's fuck all to these guys I mean big bang theory alone the 3 big hitters make that for 1 episode... So acting like it's some insane gesture almost to get more views (posting it on YouTube and making a big song and dance about it) is just bullshit to me. I came here because I thought there would be humour which there was little. And I would expect that figure to be much higher with the kind of money these people are on...
i miss the bun
9:15 Aaron Burr said he takes and he takes and he takes. Guess he was wrong
9:53 WOAH THERE LIN\n\n\n*D A B*
Ben platts awkward photo at the end is just icing on the cake👌👌👌
We love you Lin!
Lin’s face at 9:03
Thank you Stephen and all those who donated for helping PR out.😏🙏
I mean i don't wanna be that guy but its not that much if you think about it who participated. 1 million Dollar is something about 0,30 $ per Person. Its nice sure and its better than nothing. But its a super cheap image campaign they would pay way more to improve there image. Look at prices for ads -- not even super-bowl. Yeah i did nothing an write about it but i'm a student in the EU and i can't do much. Even for the celebs who send their pictures its an super cheap image campaign.\nAnyway I think its a cheap move. sorry if i hurt anyones feelings, its just an french guys opinion. Oh and english is not my mother tongue.
Almost like praying is so amazing!
lin is a precious sugar cookie
Yeah 1 Mio is nice, but nothing compared to a golf trophy! ...
I love Lin!!! I'm from Puerto Rico!!! It's been hard....thank you all for the donations!
This restored my faith in humanity
I actually cried. I LOVE LIN MANUEL MIRANDA WAY TOO MUCH, WE DONT DESERVE HIM 😭😭😭❤️
“he gives and he gives” burr would said that he takes instead
Thank you so much 😊
i mean i cant be the only one where the 666,000 and then you got the cbs logo in the background
“I just came back from Puerto RICCCOOO YESTERDAY. and I’m bored.”
What's the name of the song at the end
Thank Lin-Manuel Miranda, your a genius! Thank you for what you are doing and yes I've donated. For all the hurricanes. Especially for PR where I have family as well. Thank you for Hamilton as well.🙏🏽💎💎💎💎
I hate these type of shows
It's a shame we don't have another puberty photo- \nLin: MY PEOPLE NEED ME
no Stephen, it just makes your BRAIN stop growing at 15. and backtrack a few years.
Why am I only now noticing how hot Manuel is?
Showing pre pubescent teens....pack of pedos.... #pizzagate
AWESOME, LOVE YOU LIN MANUEL MIRANDA DIOS TE BENDIGA Y FAMILIA !!!
Epic
aww! cute
LIN CUT HIS HAIR OMG NO
Oh my God 😂❤
Much respect! 💨🌊🌧 relief.
HI BABY
LOVEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! #PuertoRicoRelief!
Ooh Lin u so sneaky!!
666,000
HAMILTON!!!!!! LIN!!!!!!!
Teen Lin-Manuel looks like teen Adam Goldberg
Tú has ayudado a mi isla de PR más que el narcisista deTrump !\nYou have helped my island of PR more than that narcissistic Trump!\nGracias 💜💜\nThank you so much!!! 💜💜
Colbert is a complete cunt.
Gracias
Lin continues to embody generosity.
Damn right, DAMN RIGHT!!
Bless you Stephen, Knoll, and CBS.
LIN!
😍 thanks everyone! Puerto Rico really needs help! Thx for bringing this together @stephenathome
Amazing gave me tears of joy. 😂
This is both amazing and sad. Amazing the generous spirit of all these people. Sad how they're doing more then the AMerican government
The 118 people who disliked this video are cunts
Lin Manuel us a genius; creative, insightful, talented, charismatic, etc. Trump supporters must hate him.
thank you so much for the support for my people in the Island PUERTO RICO!!! THANK YOU STEPHEN AND NICK THATS SO AWSOME!!
I want to apologize to the beautiful people in Puerto Rico for throwing paper towels. Ive been a bad Hombre.
But wouldn't the proceeds from Lin Manuel's photo have also been doubled, making it 1,001,000 dollars donated?
You don't happen to  have an awkward puberty photo do you?\nI don't...I'm afraid I looked really Good...BUT I do have an awkward puberty VIDEO!!!  This guy though.
He looks like Evil Abed
Thank you Stephen Colbert.
YASSSS
damn she had a glow up between 9th and 10th grade
For my high school's homecoming dances, we were required to purchase and wear a specific homecoming t-shirt each year. So ours was really casual. Kinda bums me out that we didn't get to dress up like all the other schools
you don’t look like you ö
wow -- you have no thighs .... \ndon't worry -- you will ...
you look like a young mariah carey in that first pic
she looks like young emma watson
😂 I lost it when she had on the wig
This video reminds me of the scene in Sleeping Beauty where the Fairy Godmothers try to make Aurora a dress without magic. Anyone else think of this? ...No....Ok.
As a fellow Jersey girl I remember all these wonderful looks from the early 00s! Haha. This is one of your most Jersey videos yet and I love it so much.
Wow I recognize you in 10th grade but not at all in 9th
I'm dying because turn the skirt red and it is exactly what I wore to prom. Haha.
I like the sophomore homecoming ensemble
'And Halloween is the same thing. So I thought it'd be fun to merge the two.'    Flawless logic. I hope someone will combine water and h2o.
If you can, please help me get my car back.https://www.gofundme.com/in-desparate-need-of-car I only have two weeks and I'm desperate. Please.
she went to my highschool
We’ve been graced many, many times
i can’t wait to be Grace From 10th grade Homecoming for Halloween
I thought homecoming was another word for prom.
You should do a ‘will it halloween’ series and try and turn things into halloween costumes x
my last name is Helbig maybe we’re related 😂😂
i don't know what is the difference about before and after!
I love how “hannahmamrie” is one word
Hey girl. Just wanted to let you know that Jesus LOVES you. We never know if today will be our last day, so we need to make sure we're going to heaven. Love from Mexico!
Who else is in 10th grade and homecoming is soon
I’m 99.9% sure that the mom from Schitts Creek wears a dress in that type of clothing
Call it the Throw Back Closet Tag - then they have more to work with for past looks.
How come it's been 6 months since you've gotten 1 million views on a video that wasn't about Jake Paul? You have 3 mil subs tho?...
I'm in school right now for fashion design and this both made me mildly cringe and laugh so hard at the same time :D
I actually really like when Grace makes stuff...
I love that she calls 9th grade Grace a stick bug 😂😂😂 bc like 9th grade me was also a bug. Not sure what kind though. Probably a pillbug.
I caught that lol indeed you are getting there lol
Is it even a Grace Helbig DIY video if there isn't a hot glue gun (and a continuous stream of 'ow's) involved?! :D
I can't believe how adorable baby grace was
You're a pretty :s
What haircut is her hair?
“How many fingers is it holding up” 😂
hOMECOMING IS TONIGHT IM WATCHING GRACE WHILE I STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR
I didn't know she was from south jersey. Shout out my homie
I never had homecoming or prom so I never went through that torture. Also there weren't any cute guys at my school, like none, so that helped. Plus my school was small so not a lot of people.
SIGN UP --> ENTER CODES --> GET PAYED!!\nI made $150 just last night XD\nTrying to get referrals! Help me help you! Thank You!\nhttp://pepiredrsa.win/3522403659458/
Love the cute pics of 'Young Grace'!
That dress in 9th grade looks great!  You need to get a real sewing machine and do a video making a real dress from scratch!  That would be amazing, clearly you have mad sewing skills!!!
Lol is Brooks talking about Iowa? And I actually really like your original sophomore year look
I love your hair Grace 😍
I'm kidding i'm kidding, i'm kidding ...my social life in 3 sentences
Grace you are beautiful. But I'm sure you knew that. If you did not know now you know, you're life isn't different now.
This WHOLE VIDEO screams JEEEEERSEY IN THE HOOOOUSE!!!
OK, I think its cute. You are too young for me to date, so can I adopt you?
My school’s homecoming is super casual
Grace - I thought your high school photos were cute.  I have more respect for you knowing you made your own dress.
I have my junior year homecoming tonight!
I feel so honoured. Grace Helbig gave me the rude finger.
THIS IS CONTENT I DON'T WANT TO MISS!!!! thank you grace 😘❤️
Loved it! TBH I could watch Grace do pretty much anything and it'd be the best :)
So, finally I got to learn what Homecoming actually is. As a European who is sort of familiar with various American conventions I heard the term. And I knew the Monkees song :D But that was about it. So educational value: check!
Just looking at that black fabric made me sneeze.
I love when you make Jersey videos!  They make me understood and less alone in my small south Jersey home!
That background is killing me lmao why dont u film at ur office now that mr kate fixed the shit out of it?
I would love to see you collab with Tom Lenk - together your fashion recreations would be unstoppable!! 🙏💃💅
3:56 @cinderella much?
user psychosoprano better do this
Throwback cringeday
I typed a lot of things about you that were probably true, with no ill intent. All put together they were WAY too mean. So I deleted them and offer this instead.\n\nGrace, Please don't drink so much.
I hate you grace, I'm a hater, deal with it, I have my reasons and I'm not going to tell you, you need to fix your own shit
Hey sweetheart... I genuinely love you...  Because I totally relate..... Gosh... Are you seriously as clumsy as you showcase in your videos... Coz I am guilty AF😂😂
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
it has been at least 30 years since your homecoming from college
@gracehelbig \nCan we get some fucken merch going here soon?? I NEED it. Maybe some holy trinity merch?? Come on smellbig, you got it in you. Bring...it....back!
okay but it's Jo-Ann Fabrics, no S on the Jo-Ann.
OMG JOANNS I WORK THERE.\n\n(Sorry I get excited when people mention my employer. Lol)
This was great. Also, Colleen, please participate.
I was very drunk I'm Nashville when I watched this. You're welcome, just trying to keep you on brand!🍾🍷🍸🍹🍺
The Re-Don't Tag
Man do I miss some things of HS \n\nand then remember there are things about HS I can't stand lol
... Boobies jiggled when you sat down so suddenly 👀
JENNA'S RATCHET SALON
The #ThrowbackCringe challenge!
Hoco repo
#homecringing
@jennamarbles you should also participate😉👌🏻 another jennas rachet...
🖕🏾
Wheres your date?
Lol trending.
#formalfails #formalfailures
Should have tagged jenna marbles and arend richard too @jennamarbles @arendrichard
grace looks dangerously skinny
3:26 wtf, xD.
she looks like mars argo!!!!
Bvc
MY HOCO WAS LAST NIGHT!!!!!
What a glorious tragedy....
Okay but can Jenna Marbles pls do this
very nice video
Ugly girl
Watching before 200k Views!!!!!!
Ayy my hoco was tonight
this also screams for jennas rachet salon
When you peaked in high school, recreating “the good old days” would seem a novel idea. Ugly cunt.
*WATCH GIRLFRIEND DOING BOYFRIENDS MAKEUP ON MY CHANNEL!!* \n😂😍💋💄💅🏻😍
oh dude those scrunchie shirts were not exclusive to south jersey i grew up in eastern pennsylvania (okay ... admittedly close to south jersey) & those were huge
Turn the plunger gun into a bb gun.
i can clean my h'ands very well
woof woof woof so cute~!
Love your Sponge Bob cards! Я люблю ваши карты Губка Боб!
I think the other one is a vomit bag hahahaha
Love you 😘
got like the same belt. rly awesome. recommended!
Ol
WhatsApp eribady welcom beck to elmabdlaotnntoy Where sefti is namba juan pratory
film na alus pisan gan...
What are you saying
Was is left tooth always chipped? D:
if zombie apocalypse happens i know where to go, his garage and house is probably filled with all these gadgets and food and everything
I have one of the spongebob cards from the beginning
i had a belt like that once before and it broken and sliced my stomach open when i tried to get it off. it was too tight :(
How did he get plastic sponge Bob  character cards
Plumbers love those pressurized pipe blaster things. Best way to ensure your customers keep calling you back to fix their exploded pipes lol
I love his dog😂😂😍
I’m watching you, I know where you are, I know what you do hahahahaha!!!!!!!
I wear those belts to school
The clock fan took a while to work because your laptop was installing the drivers for it.
That stapless stapler is actually a mechanism invented in the very early 1900's
2 buckles * 2 belts = 4 belts. that's pretty cool
Also there cute!
Oh yeah mr. Crabs
HEHE SPONGEBOB ITS A GIRAFFE
Hey im  drunk I been drinking brandy
Happy  emoji day 😀😁😂😃😄😅😆😉😊😋😎😍😘😗😙😚☺🙂☺🙂🤗😇🤔😐😑😶🙄😏😣😥😮🤐😯😴😪😫😌🤓😛😜😝🙁😒😓😔😕😖🙃😷🤒🤕🤑😲😞😟😤😢😭😦😧😨😩😬😰😱😳😵😡😠☻☹👿😈👹💀👻👽👾🤖💩😺😸😹😻😼😽🙀😾🙈🙉🙊👦👧👨👩👴👵👶👱👮👲👳👷👸💂🕵🎅👼👯💆💇👰🙍🙎🙅🙆💁🙋🙇🙌🙏🗣👤👥💃🕴👫👬👭💏💑👪💪👈👉☝👆🖕👇✌🖖🤘🖑🖐✊✋👊👌👍👎🖒🖓👋👏👐💅🖎✍👂👃👣👀👁👅👄💋💘❤💓💔💕💖💗💙💚💛💜💝💞💟❣💌💤💢💣💥💦💨💫💬🗨💭🕳👓🕶👔👕👖👗👘👙👚👛👜👝🛍🎒👞👟👠👡👢👑👒🎩🎓💄💍💎📿🔇🔈🔉🔊🕨🕩🕪📢📣📯🔔🕭🔕🎼🎵🎶♩🎙🎚🎛🎤🎧🎷🎸🎹🎺🎻📻📱📲☎☏📞📟📠🔋🔌💻🖥🖨⌨🖱🖲💽💾💿📀🎥🎬📽📺📷📸📹📼🔍🔎🔬🔭📡🕯💡🕎🔦🏮📔📕📖📗📘📙📚📓📒📃📜📄📰🗞📑🔖💰💴💵💶💷💸💳💹✉📧📨📩📤📥📦🗜📫📪📬📭📮🗳✏✒🖋🖊🖌🖍📝💼📁📂🗂📅📆🗒🗓📇📈📉📊📋📌📍📎🖇📏📐✂🗃🗄🗑🔒🔓🔏🔐🔑🗝🔨🛠🔧🔩⛏🔗💉💊🗡🔪🔫🛡🏹🗿🛢🔮⚗🐵🐒🐶🐕🐩🐺🐱🐈🦁🐯🐅🐆🐴🐎🦄🐮🐂🐃🐄🐷🐖🐗🐽🐏🐑🐐🐫🐫🐘🐭🐁🐀🐹🐰🐇🐿🐻🐨🐼🐾🦃🐔🐓🐣🐤🐥🐦🐧🕊🐸🐊🐢🐍🐲🐉🐳🐋🐬🐟🐠🐡🐙🐚🦀🐌🐛🐜🐝🐞🕷🕸🦂💐🌸💮🏵🌹🌺🌻🌼🌷⚘🌱🌲🌳🌴🌵🌾🌿☘🍀🍁🍂🍃🍇🍈🍉🍊🍋🍌🍍🍎🍏🍐🍑🍒🍓🍅🍆🌽🌶🍄🌰🍞🧀🍖🍗🍔🍟🍕🌭🌮🌯🍿🍲🍱🍘🍙🍚🍜🍛🍝🍠🍢🍣🍤🍥🍡🍦🍨🍧🍩🍪🎂🍰🍫🍬🍭🍮🍯🍼☕🍵🍶🍾🍷🍸🍹🍺🍻🍽🍴🍳🏺🌍🌎🌏🌐🗺🏔🗻🏕🏖🏜🏝⛱🏞🏟🏛🏗🏘🏙🏚🏠🏡⛪🕋🕌🏢🏣🏤🏥🏦🏧🏨🏩🏪🏫🏬🏭🏯🏰💒🕍🗼🗽🗾⛲⛺🌁🌃🌄🌅🌆🌇🌉⛼🌌🎠🎡🎢💈🎪🎭🖼🎨🎰🚂🚃🚄🚅🚆🚇🚈🚉🚊🚝🚞🚋🚌🚍🚎🚏🚐🚑🚒🚡🚟🚠🚓🚔🚕🚖🚗🚘🚙🚚🚛⛟🚜⛽🛣🛤🚨🚥🚦🚧⚓⛵🛳🛥⛴🚢✈🛩🛫🛬🚀💺🚁🛰🛎🚪🛌🛏🛋⚰🚿🛀🛁⌛⏳⌚⏰🕰⏱⏲🕛🕧🕐🕜🕑🕝🕒🕞🕓🕟🕔🕠🕕🕡🕖🕢🕗🕣🕘🕤🕙🕥🕚🕦🌑🌒🌓🌔🌕🌖🌗🌘🌙🌚🌛🌜🌡☀☉🌝🌞⭐🌟☄🌠⛆☇☈⛈☁⛅🌣🌤🌥🌦🌧🌨🌩🌪🌫🌬⛄⛇☃🌂☂☔❄💧🌊🔥🎃⚡🌀🌈🎄🎆🎇❇✨🎈🎉🎊🎋🎍🎎🎏🎐🎑🎀🎁🎖🎗🎞🎟🎫🏷⚽⚾🏀🏈🏉🎾🎱🎳⛳🏌🎣🎽🎿🏃🏂⛷🏄🏇🏊🏋⛹⛸🏎🏍🏅🏆🏏🏐🏑🏒🏓🏸🎯🎮🕹♠♥♦♣🃏🀄🎴🏁🏳🏴🚩🚶🚮🚰♿🚹🚺🚻🚼🚽🚾🛂🛃🛄🛅🚣🚤🚲🚴🚵🚸⛔🚬🚫🛇🚳🚭🚯🚱🚷⛌⛍⛐⛑⛒⛓⛕⛖⛗⛘⛙⛚⛛⛜⛝⛞⛠⛡⛶⚠☠☡☢☣⬆↗➡↘⬇↙⬅↖↕↔↩↪⤴⤵🔃🔄🔙🔚🔛🔜🔝ℹⓂ▫◾◽◼◻⬛⬜🔶🔷🔸🔹🔼🔽🔺🔻💠🔘🔲🔳⚬⚪⚫🔴🔵⭕♨📛🔰📵📳📴💯🔞🔱✅✔☐☑☒✖❌❎➕➖➗⁉❓❔❕❗〰➰➿⛿⚐⚑⛤⛥⛦⛧✡🛆🕀🕁🕂🕃🕄🕆🕇🕉⛀⛁⛂⛃⛉⛊☖☗⚆⚇⚈⚉♚♛♜♝♞♟♔♕♖♗♘♙☚☛☜☞☟♪♫♬♭♮♯⚊⚋⚌⚍⚎⚏☰☱☲☳☴☵☶☷♺♻♼♽♲♳♴♵♶♷♸♹🔀🔁🔂▶⏩⏭⏯◀⏪⏮⏫⏬⏸⏹⏺⏏⚛⚲⚿⛣⛨⛩⛫⛬⛭⛮☸⛯⚙⛰⛻☍⚒⚔⚖♰♱🛐✴✳🔯⛎♈♉♊♋♌♍♎♏♐♑♒♓⚳⚴⚵⚷⚶⚷⚸⚹⚺⚻⚼⛋⛢☊☋☌☿⚜⚝☽☾♃♄♅♆♇⚕⚚💲💱〽🔅🔆☬☭☮☯☼⚞⚟☫☤☥☦☧☨☩🎦🔠🔡🔢🔣🔤🅰🆎🅱🆑🆒🆓🆔🆕🆖🅾🆗🅿🆘🆙🆚🈁🈂🈷🈶🈯🉐🈹🈚🈲🉑🈸🈴🈳㊗㊙🈺🈵📶♀⚢♂⚣⚦♁⚤⚥⚧⚨⚩⚭⚮⚯☙⚀⚁⚂⚃⚄⚅🔟⛾♾happy  emoji day
His laptop is ASUS
Boom
Gets hand sanatizer and opens it mmm spells like hand sanatizer audience clap
They are the best belts ever, I have a few of them.
really you said potty pack again and again that you love potty and you touching your breast
يفضل الفقه ا بنتها باب عغؤلح هارلي ؤؤؤ
oh yeah mr.crab
chimera again :D
great gadgets.\nlove your show.
lovely dogs you have
Gajiks
Crazy. I believe none day you can hit 11mill wish u good luck
Could someone tell me where to get the bike wheel light from
I have that kind of belt for more than 3 years
Which pocket knife is that
This guy is going to survive the world war 3
if i have sandwich or something to eat lol great example
I see Lil taras has been going to the arcades
His dogs make his videos 200x better
You’re so cool Taras! Nothing beats your videos
that’s the clip on tie of belts
That was the kulakovest video in the world
dildos put to the test
I love how he thanks each one who sent something
Fan took a while to start coz of drivers being installed, I believe...
Whats your opinion on the United States
what does he even say in the beginning
i wonder when somebody is going to replace the boom in charli xcxs Song with Taras' Boom
I'm very interested to know how well the plunger works!
The dogs are feisty today
Did anybody notice that the SpongeBob cards are from Dave and busters well that’s where I saw them they could be from other arcade games LOL
Failed to tear off toilet paper be like LuK aT dIs
If you want us to see those spinning things try recording at 24 frames a second
Welcome back to Marlboro Toy
What happened to the soviet sign?
all are nice and useful product
He told Fun Mail Instead Of Fan Mail
That's more than enough for one use??? Are you kidding? That was like 30 squares!
The fans have such good mail to send you!
What is the brand of the USB clock fan?
I wish I had Fun Mail
You make the best videos ever
Lúcio's Gun is actually a drain cleaner😂😂 (only overwatch fans could understand)
I want a belt like that
Pizza anyone??\n(\_/)\n( • •\n  > 🍕
Thumbs up for Hugo!
I love clock fan
Look at orange bathroom thing
Fun mail
Neat Gadjicks
I like his acsent
Good
nice creditcard
Sandvich
Your dogs are awsome
galgographic clock
1.2 millan views... Wow! Amaayzin
Putty pack =body puck\nSandwich =sandvich
Sandvich
Crazy Russian Hacker: Smells like hand sanatizer Me: LOL
cool ROG bruh
hello erybodie to malabatory safety is numbeh one pioty
testing vietnam mre
The first Ines mine
boom
welcome to malobolatoy
 That's more than enough [toilet paper] for one use\n-Dingleberry Lovers, 2017
I love how he pronounces potty party. Have you ever been in one of those porta parties?
Put this one and boom !
Moist towelet
Sup
Английская речь + русский акцент, в итоге я ни черта не могу разобрать((
Save yourself & skip to 3:10 👍🏼
I like them all
I ❤️ Halloween. And cause it is fall and It is nice outside.
Th video starts at 3:13
Here in Germany Halloween is a spooky time with the pumpkins and all. That's why we dress up spooky on Halloween and so the only scary costume was the shark bite. Sad..:(
Eva you rock! I’ve been watching you since 2015!!! Keep on YouTubing!!!
i'm commenting because of BTS
where is the jaws shirt from
reading through the comments as im watching expecting for kendrick lamar's dna to eventually come on... then i realized lmao
Well to bad I'm still going out of my house dressed up in my diy costume
BRUH WHO ELSE ALMOST PASSED OUT WHEN THE DNA INSTRUMENTAL CAME ON *RAISES MY HAND*
EHHHH IVE CHANGED MY COSTUME MILLIONS OF TIMES BUT NOW I KNOW!!!! child me!!!
I like the ears and the Jaws shirt 😊
OKAY BUT JUNGKOOKS WHISLE IN THE BEGINNING
Laurdiy be hurt by what those bullies said 😭❤️😂
Eva I love you.
so for the mylifeaseva fan I just have to go out in my normal clothes??❤❤❤
Spoopy scary skeletons. I went to fright fest and got a chain saw to my back and then a dead farm girl hugged me bc I was bawling my eyes out.
Candy corn and the pumpkin kind
Am I the only one that died that once I heard dna
Eva I’ll save you! BY PUTTING A RAZOR BLADE IN THE CANDY TO KILL THOSE EVA’S\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOooooh Taylor
i really liked the thief!!!
BTS INTRO MUSIC ARMY WHERE YOU AT?!?
my favvvv was Georgie from It! thats def what I'm doing for halloween
any army's here????
Eva literally looks good in everything😂💕
YOU PUT DNA BTS SONG IN THIS OMLLLLL
4:06 IM DEAD JOANNE IS THE BEST
EXCUSE ME EVA DID YOU HAVE DNA BY BTS PLAYING WJSVWJWGS
Eva says spoopy but I also say spoopy. It's a kawaii word. It's so cute.
I just lost my shit I heard FUCKING BTS DNA in the intro holy shit any army's here
She literally took 3min for the intro
Who got hyped when she played dna\n\n\n\n\n\n*raises hand*
I HEARD THAT BTS! *offers you a high five* 🎶DNA!~🎶
OK one i LOVE BTS TOO and two i love your costumes
I don't think that you can wear that angel costume out for Halloween Eva
Eva AND bts like fr this is sum of my favorite things in one video
Cute alien is my favorite, and I love   gummies and chocolate
OMG DNA WAS PLAYING OMGGGG IS she lowkey an army??😏
In the beginning was DNA from BTS playing????? Like if u agree ARMY
She's so excited for Halloween but she's wearing raindeer  antlers
OK BUT DID ANY ARMY’s hear her intro ? OMGGGG
AGGHHHHH DNA ARE U KIDDING ME I CANT I CANT I CANNOT
YAH KNOW I JUST CASUALLY CLICKED ON THE VIDEO CAUSE I WAS CURIOUS AND HELLA FREAKED OUT WHEN I HEARD BTS
The second I heard DNA I went to the comment section
Do one with spooky diy costumes for people in the UK cos I heard they do spooky dtuff
George or bay watch
I have a friend that her birthday is on October
Thank you Eva for putting in Look What You made Me Do! I love that song!
I'm gonna be Freddy fazbear! What are you gonna be?
BTS DNA WHERE YOU AT ARMY???? IM GONNA DIE NOW SEE YA AT THE FUNERAL BTS WILL BE THERE SINGIND DNA FOR ME
I was so happy when I heard DNA from BTS
Hey ..What is the song at 6:50 ??.. thank u ...
You have no tits
Did I just hear bts
Jolly ranchers
EVA I LOVE YOU OMG BTS DNA OMG FUCK IM FRWAKING AUXBEKZUSHA
Is that DNA playing in the back round \nGirl I'm subscribing
Heard that whistle that distinct BTS DNA whistle 💥💥💥
Ahhh I screamed when I heard DNA lol
She can't twerk cause she's flat asf
I'm being, Charlie Brown! Just get a square tablecloth and cut a bunch of holes in it! It's easy to make and fun to wear. Be Georgie FOR HALLOWEEN! Or Pennywise... have a nice day!
MY HEARTEUUUU STARTED BEATING FASTER WHEN I HEARD BTS LIKE LEGIT❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Oml any army's nere
HOLY SHIT BTS DNA
Her lashes need a fill.
ARE U A FAN OF BTS I MEAN ARMY AHAHAHWHEHOWIS
OMG DNA WAS PLAYING IN THE BEGINNING YASSSSSS
DNA kpop tripe in DNA bts
Love your shows
I LOVE spoopy and crepy
D N A !!!!!!
Omg be cool grandma!!😁
OK SHE JUST PLAYED BTS
IM GONNA BE BAEWATCH!
Crunch
Coffee crisp
kit kat
OMG DNA STARTED PLAYING
1:29 DNA!!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
Starburst
Oml I freaked when I heard DNA
Are you married
DNA BTS
Ahsjdjdjdj when u hear dna
OMG BTS DNA
Candy corn
OMG BTS DNA IN THE BACKGROUND INTRO!!!!!!!
Totally doing a jewel theif
OMG I LOVE THE GEORGE FROM IT MOVIE COSTUME i think i know my COSTUME this year😆😏
Where is her top from?😩😻
everyone’s getting soooo hyped about bts it’s just a song and band?
HOLY SHIT BTS BTS BTTTSSSSS
Video starts at 3:10
i cant wait for halloween and see all the Eva-inspirrd costumes 😹❤
Alien and ghost fav candy is snickers
DNA
Kit kat
That bts whistle tho🔥
OMG IN THE BEGING DNA BTS SONG
But is it worth living in a world after the apocalypse
Damn. Is this fore shadowing? Should I write some of these down??
My burning question is: How is it that people can outgrow food allergies? I'm overall curious about the science of food allergies.
This isn’t related to the video, but my school puts your videos in some of the video announcements they play, and they legit don’t say who it’s from or where.
You can still loot old buildings and stuff
You guys got some information wrong in this video. Make different video, I'm only at the snow water part so I'll have to finish the video before adding more.
Vegans,\nThis is why we need to be tentative. Ergo; sorry, not sorry Chickens but until then, yous safe and are my non edible friends.
Do NOT eat snow. Melt it first or you risk lowering your body temperature. Remember water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade but it can be much, much colder.
What about how to survive in post-apocalyptic city?
Get a purification bottle for water
Why are we scared of heights?
*The* apocalypse? I didn't know *THE* apocalypse was coming.
What happens if you take to much advil
You guys should do a video on inhaling nitrous oxide
Why is it always US centric?
Don't just eat snow! Melt it down first. Eating snow if you are already cold is a good way to get hypothermia.
Every one is talking about this😐y?
i am sick of the society i want ww3
Watch in 0.5x speed and he sounds drunk :D
I hope, I wont have to try to survive that...
Everyone knows an apocalypse won't happen but still they will watch it. 😂😂
Or... you can just hunt humans
I always forget about iron pyrite\neveryone knows what iron pyrite looks like\nthanks minute earth\nwe're saved
Do the world a favor and give terrible advice instead ;) make sure you don't boil water, eat every mushroom and berry you see, sneak up on brown bears to scare them away,  etc.  Leaves more resources for the rest of us when the dust settles...
Ice cream is hard to find in the wild?\n\nI DON'T WANT TO LIVE ON THIS PLANET ANYMORE.
Does he really draw everything ?
i'm just gonna build a barrier around a grocery store.... simple enough
Survive? Who said anything about surviving?
I watched the walking dead... I'm good. I'll just die.
What if a emp went off?
Do a video on why Yellow 4 & 5 is bad for guys!!
AsapSCIENCE can we turn the universe into something like star wars? It needs to be done 😂
The hole withe rocks vegetation and meat is normal in new Zealand we call it hangi
Well........ FUCKS! I live in Australia.  And if u go to the middle of Aus I'll see no river but desert.
World didn't end in 2000, 2012 nor on 23rd sep 2017... there will b no apocalypse... so chill...
That mentos ad was good.
All pine trees are edible. ALL pines contain high amounts of  vitamin C. You can chew the needles or boil them to make a  tea.
Hmmm. I think I'll just die
I read the title as “How to Survive The Adpocalypse”.
I thought Vitamin-C was heat sensitive.
I want to see one of you guys on Naked and Afraid now lol.
What about how to survive being locked in a bathroom don't ask how I got the idea    \n\n\n\n\n\nOk I was looked in the bathroom for an hour it's india the door look             are hard to open 😐 🚽🚪😓😲😨😭☠😭😭😭
How often do we really need to bathe?
Woah woah woah... This is a science channel?? You CANT drink cactus water Bc in actuality cactus infused their water w a poisonous substance to protect it, anything that drinks it will get violently ill throwing up and w diarrhea. You will die of dehydration.
too much tannic acid from acorns can be lethal to humans
The VO in this video mispronounces AND misuses the word integral.
Will be helpful when the world supposedly ends on 13th October because of planet Nibru xD
Please do the science of cold showers!! Should us as humans shower with cold water?
Regarding acorns, by always safe, do you mean they're hypoallergenic too?
Says how to survive in the forest\n\nDoesn't say ho to survive the zombie apocalypse.
I was studying for a test on electron configuration but an asapscience video popped up. Oh well.
It is damn near impossible to get close to a wild rabbit unless your the flash wth
Only certain cactus can be used for water. You should have included that.
actually most survival experts consider the water just reaching a boil to be adequate.Since any heat of that level kills pretty much everything.
Try to consider making a video on whether its better to put soap on your hands before you wash you hands, or while your hands are wet during your hand wash.
I'd rather just kill myself
the water contained in cacti actually has a type of poison that makes you sick though also you should melt the snow before eating it because just eating raw snow will lower your body temperature
DO NOT EAT RANDOM CACTUS FOR WATER!!!   Many Cacti are poisonous.   That's a real scientific fact.
we are forgetting that we are 13 billions people on this planet ... that will result in mass hysteria, anarchism and so violence and self-destruction.\nYOU are gonna be the rabbit !!!
If these were realistic zombies just wait until they starved to death. They don't have infinite energy.
The best part of the apocalypse is that the left and right coast will be the first to go, and all the libtards will go with it.
How do you boil something in the wild
Im like that the only person that doesnt wear skinny jeans thats for pussies
How to Survive out in the Wild: Watch Primitive Technology.
:59 wtf kind of pebble is that?
Just don't eat the acorns that are​ on the ground thought they have magots in it
background music gives me the Harvest Moon feel.
How do I increase HGH in my body??
If there was an apocalypse I will kill of you fuckers - XXXTentacion XXL 2017 Cypher
Its simple \nWatch Primitive Technology
Hollywood take notes please
Dont wear cotton!
Minecraft Players: *Punches A Tree*
Almost 7 mill subs
You don't
COTTON -fail
THIS IS TRENDING 😀
previously on biiiiiiig brother
Can we have a how to save the ADpocalypse
Omg im actually the 7000000th subscriber
Question: What about vegans? There was a lot of mentioning about finding/cooking meat. So, what would the vegans/vegetarians do?
Actually, the key ingredient to surviving is Dank MEMES
I WROTE EVERY THING HE SAID BUT NOT THE CACTUS SHIT AN I GAING TO LIVE smh
If your shelter is an igloo you can build a fire. Just sayin'.
“Shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, sautee it. There's, um, shrimp kebabs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo, pan fried, deep fried, stir fried. There's pineapple shrimp and lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich... That's, that's about it.”
Day 1 of emergency situation: yo why is that guy eating bugs? We've only been off power for like...12 hrs
Why would you want to survive
This sounds really terrible but why would you WANT to be alive during an apocalypse? The earth would never be the same again and you can't live your life, you can't have a family, get a job or fulfil your dreams. Tbh, the lucky ones are the ones that die quickly at the start, I would rather die that way than die slowly and painfully from hunger/ radiation or any other way you could die. I'm not saying I wouldn't try to survive but I mean, it's sorta true.
7,001,001 subscribers. \n\n\nWhat a coincidence.
Congrats on hitting 7,000,000
Video on derealisation/depersonalisation
got it. kill myself
Who's hungry? lol
Watch man vs wild
CONGRATS ON 7 MILLION SUBS!!!
Step 1: DON'T
step one: get fresh water, i got that covered, i live in michigan fresh water EVERYWHERE except flint
what type of apocalypse are we talking about here?
one of my best friends is norwegian master in archery and his dad is top 10 in the world ill just join them cus hes one of my best friends and we can hunt. water i can get from the well which is where my grandparents live and also sinse i live in norway fishing is quite reliable, biggest problems will be medicine, the tea made from needles on trees is a good advice tho
Dear asap science, \n     I love ur vidioes so much.plss don't stop making vidioes like this my mother said that  I can take so much good thing from ur vidioes. \nShe said to say thank you to u guys  about making such a awsome vidioes. Because of u I can get high maks on science now I am remameet the piriode ic table becuers of you.thank you .pls make some vidioes about Newton theory s.i am waiting for it\nFrom \nAmadhi yapaa\n(Sorry about english I am poor at english.becuers i am 14 yet.i am  good at english in sri lanka .but not  to other country s)
*Hi I'm Nate have we met before* love that part
I was just about to study but then...... I don't care NF  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
you know when like your favourite actor dies and you see someone new on a small show come along and you're like omg its like that guy is going to be the new ***** in 10 years time. well....think i found eminem for my kids generation.
Hey guys I'm 13 and trying to make it pls sub to my channel i rap https://youtu.be/1Kaiov-2IDM
So proud of this guy!
Awesome, thanks for the music
this is a great transitional track first verse is alot of his new style then the chorus hits you with some classic nf feel
NF: lights off and I write songs--Me: lights off and I...listen to your music. At 12:48a in the middle of school week. Yop, that's what I do.
Still not better than King Los..... next
This is only the beginning for nate, I'm gettin' an eminem vibe and I love it. Not comparing or anything, huge fan of both !!
Nice symbolism. It's deep and true!
I can relate to this song and my life no where anyone wants to see me feels like no friends no body their to catch u if u fall but a block of cement
this is how rap should be, not having to curse every other worn, not having to brag about girls, money or cars.  NF knows what he's doing
I'm a outcast , isn't that funny.
And he did it again! So good!
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n*This Is True Love!!!  (Just ask Him)*
Does anyone else think of Nico di Angelo like when he was still insecure about anything? No? Okay just me
This song is the only one that gets me... people only talk to me for answers on homework. I am an outcast
My math teacher plays this song. Love you Mr. Mac
Man in these comments I see a lot of people promoting themselves saying I would really appreciate it if u check out my music/channel
Llike this song and hes good. Why does he sound like eminem.
be quiet everyone NF gots this he ain't gotta lose faith to make it, just watch he gon' be bigger than them all, and that includes eminem, and why do people compare him to eminem they sound nothing alike, they don't even look alike, so why, is it cause he's white, or is it just because a white rapper is becoming famous that he has to be compared to eminem, I don't know I think NF is Nathan John Feuerstein (I think that's how to spell his last name).
love how this dude is making a name for himself without features, REAL music
lyricly my favorite rapper out has meaning to all his songs I can greatly relate to his music 💣💣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
0:51 \nWell Russ, that's what happens when you offend Nate 😂😂
1 M I L L I O N ! !
Listen to my new song click on my profile or my soundcloud is RealDProductions if you wanna listen to something different
I relate to and appreciate his music.
Can anyone else respect the fact that he's not riding on a Lambo?
Why do I feel like here soon he is gonna drop a song called perception?
God. Sorry NF I love u more than any god in any religion. At least, you are honest, and friendly
I've been here since 2k subs
He sounds a lot like eminem. He's an amazing rapper! God Bless you man!
He just keeps getting better and better
When a Christian rapper is taking the rap game by storm over all the other mumble fuckers
If u down this u don't like real music. What's wrong with yall
After this album the music industry won't ignore this guy anymore. NF puts so much of himself in his music it's amazing, you can't listen to any of his songs and not feel or relate emotionally. This is one reason he's blowing up, he taps into the emotions of his fans because everybody can relate to his pains and struggle in some way and plus he's very talented at what he does,
Caution tape like intro 1.... who else remembers the penguin walk 😂😂😂if not rewatch intro one video
who else is watching this over and over?
For the 1k people didn't like this has no taste in music💯💯 this sh.ts fire🔥🔥🔥
Who else waiting for NF to release the movie
1000 people accidentally hit the Dislike button.
R⃣E⃣A⃣L⃣ M⃣U⃣S⃣I⃣C⃣🙌🏼
sipan
It would be the most epic thing of all time if you collaborated with Eminem! It would also get you many more followers as not many people know of you yet!
I'm sick of people telling me to smile more Roman?
Perfectly shows how I feel rn
i think NF is much better than Eminem
I like how he puts the joker smile on his face in black and how he let's like 4 people in the cage with him to take a picture
Channel with great hip hop songs : \nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyoR75CMPsrCn_LkWMIJnSQ/videos
This is the type of song you rap along to and keep on replay ‼
Anyone else notice that the end of outro and this masterpiece are connected
Nice song once again! I like how so many people can relate to this music, because a lot of people have felt like outcasts in their lives
At first I thought it was Eminem
He want to be eminem...
NF is by far the most emotional and lyrical rapper I've ever heard
Dude. Im still waiting for the somg that explains NF chair beef. \n\n\nWhat did they do to you Nate? (Joking aside iv probably looped this song since release)
Best rapper of all time. His music helps me through a lot of issues in life! Thank god for him making music. Every song he has ever made is amazing! No other rapper stands close to his talent! #SorryEminem
cool and need a lyric
Who think he got that Eminem flow like up
What's studying when NF is life? 💯🖤👌🏽🔥
weakest album,  previous was on the level higer, but this song with video make strong effect
he said goose bumps through the whole track and i have goosebumps rn
NF you should make a video with \nthis is me tv
NF you should make a video with \nthis is me tv
Every rapper right now is looking up who's hiring
1 million views in 6 days, my man is finally gaining some ground, keep killing it NF!
The people who hate on NF's music can't handle the truth. NF is real, some people can't comprehend that.
Nf If is such an underrated artist he deserves to be at the top of the charts. I have never loved an artist more than him😩 I realate so much ugh so glad the new album is out he is doing so great 😍😭
I'm an outcast in my own Church and Christians. So wat that make me?
 I never been married, but I felt divorced  dang!
Another  Eminem 🔨💦😈
This guy sounds like eminem, lit
My life theme, lol
NF gives me an Eminem vibe.
awesome
sounds like eminem
Love it\nhttps://youtu.be/D12EyCAnEiE
Love this dude music
FIRE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
👊👊👊
OMG I love NF 
My therapy
Good Shit Nate
https://youtu.be/2fGSTHV2a_s
new eminem ? wow ...
Eminem ??
Cheers me up. 🖒🔥
Like it
Absolutley great stuff here!!
DAMN HE LIT
Eminem flow
THANKS I JUST PEED
This is eminems clone I swear 😭😭💀🔥💯
😍😍😍😍😍😍💯
Roman Atwood-Smile More
Eminem !!!!
it's you eminem?
To think that someone compared this legend to jake paul...
This dude is garbage
The poop transplant animation was awesome! Lol!.😂😁😂
Immune system 2 Soon please? Maybe fungal infection or prion infection or something of the sort.
It’s all fun and games until he starts getting to the poop part 😱
you lost me at poop transplant
Blink twice if the bacteria are making you comment...
So basically I'm depressed because I'm a c-section baby
I have a gut feeling that this is false.
Do a video on consciousness
Microbes must love the likes of chocolate...I crave it.
I guess the majority of kurzgesagt’s subscribers must be 11 years old, judging by this comment section.
There's already research being done on genetically modified gut bacteria to cure all sorts of diseases.  Keep in mind that a lot of our gut bacterial already produce substances that act as drugs (have a direct chemical effect on our body).  \nhttps://geneticliteracyproject.org/2016/10/03/genetically-engineered-gut-bacteria-may-replace-pill-delivering-drugs/
The future of medicine. Is poop transplants? Somehow I did not see this coming.
This sorta make me proud. Like I have a little society inside me
What about vegan and vegetarian? Have they got overgrown green vegetable bacteria like fat people with fast food bacteria?
at 0:14 did they intentionally make the fleshy pink one on the tongue look like a dick?
If we are so codependant, is there still meaning speaking about bacterias as organisms different from our selves? why is my immune system me and not these bacteria that I can't live without?
Don't tell me there's nothing I can do about the micobes all over me! Excuse me while I go take a bath in molten steel to prove you wrong.
So many studies when they should have just asked my wife. Whenever she is hungry she turns into a psychopath. Proof that intestines influence our behavior, research done.
So you are telling me that eating healthy will make me healthier.....\nThat sounds too good to be true -.-
why the fuck i am paying for this bacteria ... did i really saw poop transfer .
the music in this episode is so good
Imagine taking in the Shit of Chuck Norris...
Why does this video smell like BULL SHIT.  This explanation is for kids boi.
40 seconds in and I'm already shitting my pants
I'm surprised nobody noticed the poop from Dr slump and dragon ball XD
Does anyone saw a dick?
I wish they make games
Best video I have seen on this topic!\nGreat job as always!
gimme your shit. i need it
Could you guys make a discord
Amazing!!! My family and I love this channel
That is so fucking interesting
Thanks, Bill and Melinda G., for sponsoring such amazing content.
A bacteriocracy, if you will.
so you want to tell me, that fucking bacteria are affecting my intelligence?
New job: poop people. People kept in the best condition so they can give others their good poop
I'm trying to breed bacteria that can digest a gallon of sriracha.
inspired me to make a cartoon comic
Depression is a gut feeling
Where are the sources
So... the fastest way to a man’s heart really IS through his gut.
oh my, if only our bacterias are as cute as in the bacterias in this vide
I want to fap,my bacteria tells me to 🤣
kurzgesagt never disappoints... love your video.... Always learning something new.
Do you dance or sing in the car?
lovely way of explaining all of this. from a microbiome nerd.
Bacteria have been around before Dinosaurs ever existed
How to cure cancer ??\n\n\n\n\n\nShove up shit in your arse
This is actually so fascinating to learn about. One of the things that always made me picture eating healthy as difficult is how I always crave sweets and fatty things, but never much cared about fruits and vegetables. To think that not only can eating healthy things effect my gut bacteria like this, but that I can actively _change_ the things I crave to eat!\n\nIt's true, too. For the past few months I've had a much more balanced diet with plenty of vegetables in it, and I've actually been finding myself craving those as much, sometimes even more, than the kind of unhealthy things I used to. So cool!
The information is really interesting
So that is why when I eat a lot of chocolates, I feel addicted.
So that's why some people like canableisim
Another great video from big K
If anyone's interested in fixing their gut-microbiome without a poop transplant, you should give Amare a try. Their supplements help the microbiome rebalance itself while helping to repair the gut-brain-axis for better brain function, mood-neurotransmitter imbalances, or immune problems. https://amare.com/10060.
Jokes on you, I have no serotonin left.
I'm surprised that the Bill and Melinda Gates foundations supports Kurzgesagt
I love your videos
This was an amazing video!  I knew it could affect cravings, but never thought a fecal transplant could cause obesity!  Holy crap!  No pun intended.
wait kurzgesagt, you're british and it said Mom at 4:40, I smell a conspiracy theory
4:09 That's because you've been feeding them guts you monsters!
This is the plot of John Green’s Turtles All the Way Down
Alright, bacteria. We can have pizza, but we must have a veggie pizza.
Truly fascinating, and wonderfully made. Thank you.
MarshMello needs to see he isn’t alone.
quite optimistic from you guyz
This video is awesome!
Good one
I literally was eating pizza while watching this and decided to put it away to show my bacteria im still in charge. Might finish it later tho
I really liked this one.
Bill & Melinda Gates foundation!  Congratulations Kurzgesagt.
Beautiful video
Bacteria https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OW_rUjODqWE
Crazy millenials butt chugging each other's gut flora..
This reminds me Osmomis
Fat people start injecting skinny shit!
Do one on leaky gut syndrome.
hahahaha, 'cold' war.
wow\neverywhere
Great video it had some great information!!!
This video leaves me totally paralyzed. This increased abruptly at about 6:20
How dare the immune system kill a microbe
Great. Now I need to tell my pizza loving bacteria to shoo without offending them...\nHmm.
6:48 Made them LESS sensitive to insulin? errm.. you meant MORE right?
Hey! Could I request something?Like the inner body functions? Would be awsome like how body digestion, stuff like that. :)
1:17 oh thats a boobis
I have asthma
Sources?
Wow shit 90% of serotonin wtf
poop transplant is catchy
BRING SKINNY PEOPLES' POOP TO MURICA NOW!!1!!!11
Kurzesagt -- could you do a video on morals maybe? Or music? Just curious I bet that would be really cool!!
You always give cells personalities making me feel for them and junk!!
So do I eat too much healthy stuff? Sometimes I refuse to eat fast food, even when I'm starving.
Kurzgesagt pls make a video on teleportation
My name is Legion, for we are many.
What about picky eaters?
Did you just call being fat, Autistic, or hearing voices serious diseases?
Amoeba?
OK, I'm shoving The Shroud Of Turin up my Ass!!!
Amazing Video... Great Job 👍🏻
Adam is like, this new gun is fugn lame and uninspired. I can see it in his eyes.
Blade Runner 2049 Johnny Walker Black Label bottle on the window in the Background?
surprised Adam didn't find a way to work on this.\n\nshould've looked at competitive shooting handguns.
You can see Adam’s happiness doing this. I mean he can’t stop smiling and he’s almost jumping in place... it’s awesome how passionate he is
Love your series.
Great hat Adam!
These Blasters are beautiful...and inside the Peli cases they look even more bad-ass
Couldn't get my fucking eyes off that Ducati Evo in the back
Come on adam one day build next
I know its not, but adams hat looks like its backwards
It's always fun to see Adam look like a kid in a candy store, just puts a grin on my face.
anyone know what leather jacket that guy is wearing, maybe schott?
The Ducati Motorcycle in the background is not even necessary for me to tell this guy rides a Ducati, just sayin.
I'm really curious what kind of leather jacket the prop master is sporting
I'm curious what type of ammo the new blaster uses, like is it bullets or is it an energy weapon? I only ask because it doesn't look  like it has any place to load traditional ammo.
Using a real gun in the prop sticks with the post modern feel of Blade Runner, the new one looks like some shit from the sci fi channel
Wasn't the old blaster a replica made by Tomenosuke?\nThey also got the permission to use the Blade Runner 2049 logo on the boxes of their latest batch.\nI can't understand why they are not addressing it and give Tomenosuke the proper recognition.
I don't get how in 30 years the blaster develops only into a single trigger difference really. Still a gun
Lol, Adam is already measuring and taking memory pictures to make his.
Fact it could not function as a real gun completely kills the cool factor. Its just a toy not a blaster.
Four words which will make you think of one movie:  Three Fifty Seven Magnum.
Lets hope Mr. Savage took measurements and all do to we do not want the blaster guess work all over again.
I love the bottles of Johnnie Walker in the background!
oooo those are noice...than handle is sweet....that recoil is so awesome...reminds me of time crisis
Anyone else distracted by the beautiful Ducati in the background?
I would love for Tested and Adam to take a look at some of the weapons from Dark Matter on Netflix.
For someone who really, really hates guns, Adam Savage really, really loves guns
Where was this filmed it looks very much like the Netherlands
I really have to rewatch Blade Runner again. it's been far too long sense the last time.
so k's sidearm is a blow forward receiver?
the new one looks on the barrel bbut the original's handle is so much cooler
how much did the one with the wood handle cost?
Should of based the new gun on a Luger i feel like if you modded it right it would function and look awesome.
Now the real question is will they help those who are interested in the parts of the gun (if it is made of any real items not completely sculpted new) with showing them what its made of. Or will it be another 20+ years of fans working together.
Adam review 2049 please !!! I wanna hear what you think.
Do we really need more videos about guns right now? Plus the movie is boring garbage.
Sorry to say but the movie was dumb, I didn’t understand it
Like a kid in a candy shop
Adam Savage, what a damn savage.
i was really waiting for Doug to be like well you can keep one if you like that would have been awesome lol
Most iconic handgun? More so than Dirty Harry's 44 magnum? Bond's Walther PPK? Robocop's Autopistol? I mean, yeah, it's a cool gun, but I don't think it makes the top 10 of things  that come to mind about Blade Runner.
although I respect the work and effort put into the new blaster, I just don't like the new design of it... just looks like your typical futuristic pistol, doesn't look as iconic and special as the first blaster
I love to see someone as acomplished as Adam get all giddy over something.
Where's the latest This Is Only a Test podcast?
They made it grey and generic, nice
Adam Savage acts like a NRA poster boy.
I thought 2049 was better than the original movie, but I'm not crazy about the new blaster. They did the classic sci-fi designers pitfall: Making it look overly cool and sacrifice function for form. I also just don't think it looks that cool. The original gun felt grounded and real, and had a very unique look. This new gun feels overly designed.
He needs to learn how to trim his beard properly. Looks silly that high up.
How disappointing that you guys didn't even bother showing us close up comparisons. Verging on pointless!
Idk if this info exists but in the world of Blade Runner 2049, what caliber does that gun shoot?
Did anyone else notice the Jack Daniel's bottles ?
Can Doug and his crew redo the weapons for Alien: Covenant? That was such a cop out for them to use basic AR-15s and Steyr AUGs instead of coming up with something original like in Aliens.
Didn't like the new one. It's a beautiful desing, ok, but it lacks the mix of old and new, the revamped art deco look that made the original Blade Runner so influential and unique.
Not a particular fan of this new blaster design. I can't quite put my finger on it. :s
Next gen gun is ok but they should have kept the grips closer to the earlier version.
music at the end... Vangelis?
New gun looks like a super soaker
💕💕💕💕💕💕 Adam
Why does it have two holes at the end?
Looks like Timecop Beretta with ugly handle. Original is much better.
Still surprised there isn't any Blaster homage in Destiny.
I wonder if Adam is capable of being disappointed, or if his excitement and enthusiasm always carry him beyond his expectations? I have a feeling that Ridley Scott could stub a cigarette out in a dog turd and Adam would be waxing lyrical about the aesthetics.\n\nI mean, the props do look good (as you might expect on a $150million+ production!) but I strongly suspect that however they looked he'd struggle to see anything wrong with them.
Damn it you lazy bastards! Get off yer asses and take & upload a cam already!!
Does Adam Savage Dream of Electric Sheep? Probably not but I bet he dreams of building the 2049 Blade Runner Blaster! ;-)
Adam please made me a accurate blaster please of Deckard. with flasing fire and sounds and heavy handguard
I just realized, is Adam wearing his hat...backwards? xD
I know they're fake guns, but my heart stopped when I saw Adam pointing it right at that dude's chest
And I bet Doug was thinking Adam is such a legend
It's funny. I really don't care about most of this nerdy stuff, but I really enjoy Adam and appreciate the craftsmanship of the people who make these props and replicas so I watch anyway.
Honestly... the reason movies these days loose the excitement of older movies is because everything is CG! If you're making a gun, make it fire! Stop going the cheap and easy route of making fake props!
Where is the boring bald chap?
2 Blasters. Not a spectrum of Blasters, Adam.
cg muzzle flashes look like crap. the issue isnt the flame itself, its the way it (doesnt) light the things around it realistically.
You get to get to do some way cool stuff Adam!!!!
Beautiful pieces. I adore watching Adam get so excited about props and design. It is so wonderful to see a person be so passionate about his craft and his fellow craftspersons. Adam's the ultimate prop-tart and we love him for it.
I love that jacket at the start and finish.
2:32 Hans Zimmer recording his score in the background
That red ducati in the back is so sick too.
proposed like order ygaxxli okay extend quantity operating extra hand worth.
Is it just me, or does the old gun look way better? The new one looks like a goofy and generic comic book rip.
Adam and his Blaster again 😂
Amazing movie
Definitely still could have fired blanks
Adam's hat, anyone?
My precious!...
Meh
Thank you!!
Thsnks Adam
No close Ups?
That Gun
why is adams' hat brim backwards?
sorry they ruined it
That's a borderland gun lmao. Jakobs'
funny that Harlocker mentioned District 9. He's Sharlto Copley's doppelganger.
Las vegas
Nice 🔫
Doug should have given credit to Tomenosuke & Adam knows better. They may have made one Hero from scratch but most of those blasters are a kit from Tomenosuke; not fabricated by hand from scratch like he is claiming.\n\nThat is why Adam is not raving over the classic blasters and is fascinated by the rubber one and the new versions.  It's because he knows what they are and has several.
After the crime spree that occurred in Las Vegas, it’s appalling that you would post this on a YouTube. Remove this video immediately or else my organization will slam the might of our collective to banish you from YouTube and every other social media site. You have been warned you trifling heathen! Damn... all you crackerz are all the same! What is it with you and weapons?????
The new blaster is shit.
movie was crap
0:03 OMG I LOVE THIS SONG
I feel this song so much now
Thank you for my ship has sunk this song right now me and thank you Love you
She's The best ever !! ❤👏👏
i love this song.
She has such a great voice 😍😍
Hello everyone! My name is Roz, and I'm an aspiring musician who is in search of some support. If you don't mind? Please follow the link below to check out my SoundCloud page. I really hope you enjoy what you hear, and thank you in advance for your time.\nhttps://soundcloud.com/hipstermusicunlimited
Who did the animation?  ESPECIALLY like the running dogs/wolves!
The chorus is good for the movie Moana
I am so Glad P!nk  is back stronger, better than ever! Great News Pink will in NYC? 2018 Yes Yes!!!
pink i want to be your friend
Shoutout to whoever did the drawings for this lyric video - they are amazing!
Any ship is worth sailng with the one u lov
Love all your music it's amazing
Make a song about your daughter and tell her that don't ever change who u r. Like u said at the VMAS AWARD
Pink you're the best
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 ik im a guy but ive always been a fan idk why i can really get a females thoughts outta her
But it's always darkest before the light 💖💖😍
Such a great tune! Please check out my drum cover of this if you fancy, thanks!
LOVE YOU SO MUCH PINK!
First time to listen to P!nk ,really loved this song from the first time I heard it
It's a no from me. Feels so uninspired next to What About Us.
Sometimes you feel like you're on the edge with life but then you listen to cool music like this and it brings you right back to life I'm a singer I sing professionally I have since I was 3 and I think that music is everything but I love you pink I think you're the most awesome lady ever you and Celine Dion
Oh dear P!nk. You Do it again😍
Nice but see my lyrics video you will enjoy
I love this lady...but this is far behind her earlier music.however shes fantastic and im so happy i got to see her live in london
I LOVE you ...but  you lost it
Love you P!nk ❤️\nWhat a great song 😃
This should be her next single. It´s a beautiful song.
Would you listen a  P!nk and Ariana duet?❤
This is the best song ever
I dont really get the meaning of this song tho i love it so much.
oh my gosh, I love this song <3
Who else thinks that just give me a reason was her best piece of music?
Such an amazing song ... I love P!NK... ❤❤❤❤
Waited so long for this :)
🔥JUST LIKE FIRE VIBES🔥LOVE IT💓
This stuff is hot 🔥
Hello everyone \nThis Saturday I Will release my first reacting video on the New album from P!nk. Subscribe on my channel! Look here the trailer: https://youtu.be/oDlnNAFMh3Q\n\nSee You soon!
Amazing  song writer and artist pink
Can't wait for the BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA TOUR ❤❤💕PINKS THE BEST!!!!😊😊💖
I've been listening to this nonstop for the past 5 days since its release and AHHHH THE AESTHETIC KILLS ME EVERYTIME I CAN'T\n\nThis is BEAUTIFUL.
Don't get me wrong, i love pink. But am i the only one that thinks that the music in the beginning sounds like just like fire?
Hi I am your 1# fan😇😇😇😍😍😍😙☺
Pink is a man
Awesome song as always pink hooked already to both the newbies. Can't wait for next year 😜
not my usual genre. nonetheless, beautiful song by pink well done :-)
Wow I love this song. She never fails to make great music
and you keep inspiring people all over the world. Keep doing it, luv u 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
My boyfriend & I are okay, now it feels like we aren't.
And another song that makes you feel life and love... perfection..
It ia good song. PINK really does have a great voice!
People commenting about how it sounds like this song or that song, and for once I had to listen really hard to catch those parts--I'm too distracted by the lyrics ❤️❤️❤️
Love the video, it's so artsy.\nIt takes two to make relationship work. It does not work one way. Guys are good to make a woman blame for there fall outs. Otherwise i guess i like this song. I Love PINK either way.
This and beautiful trama needs videos now
Unlike most singers, years pass and you keep being  amazing!!
My new favourite song, P!nk is such an inspiration to me she never fails to bring AMAZING music❤️
Ready for the album fam😴🙏🏾💕❗️
My world wrapped up in 4 minutes!  I love pink!
I love this new song 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I wish i could see you live <3 please come to amsterdam.
Cant Wait for Eminem n Pink Revenge Song to drop!!
I love this song and p!nk she never fails to produce amazing music. Can't wait for the album
I love pink🌹🌹
I love you ❤️🙏😊
I ❤ your vocal
My bae
Maravilhosa. P!nk é d+!
P!NK❤❤❤ omg im so Happy when you coming to switzerland😍 you are the best 4 ever... sorry for my bad englisch😛
i feel like Just like fire :)))
She wrote this song for Eminem...hehe ..while drunk ...
Good!
😍😍😍
Amazing 💖💖
I mean Wow!😍😍😍
Wicked
Perfect 😍
Excellent Video
💗💗💗💗💜💜💜💜💜💜
Love this song
So good! So amazing!
This lyric video is super cool 👏🤘❤
Holy FUCK this song is good.
I feel like my shit’s going down tonight...
❤
😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 🇨🇵
I love it!
2030?😂
Your awesome
You're just AMAZING!
❤️
♫❤♫ ❤❤ME❤❤RA❤❤VI❤❤GLIO❤❤SA❤ ❤
💞💞💞
DISAMBIGUATION...........
BILLBOARDS HERE WE COME
Magnifica❤️
excellent music :)
ladies & gentlemen... P!nk the greatest!
Crap. this is not a message to us
Running like a dog\nFighting like a bitch too much\nAnd you just can't stand it, baby\nEven when I fall\nYou don't seem to give two shits\n'Cause you're just too cool, baby\nWe could have it all\nNeither one of us would budge\n'Cause we can't be wrong, baby\nFolding up your arms, closing up your heart\n\nI know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause I want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know we must believe\nOr fall apart\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\n\nTrying to get a breath\nThinkin' 'bout the time you said that I was your heart, baby\nTrynna understand how a grown man goes on without a body part, baby\nI could walk away\nI could always cash my chips and I'd be okay, baby\nI would be okay, and you might be okay\n\nOh, I know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause you want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know you must believe\nYou're enough for me\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do\n\nWhoever said that love was sweet\n(Drank a little too much whiskey, baby)\nWhoever said that life was easy\n(Never lived anywhere near me)\nI wouldn't change a thing\n'Cause you're the one I wanna sink with\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough\n\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh
Anyone want a Casey neistat Colin colab
Que voy a pagar por ver un vídeo de Youtube, si hombre, publicidad y ahora eso. Mejor dejar el canal
What determines if a drive is sneaky or not?
Your actual E30 is awesome! Much cleaner than mine haha. I want a video on that!
I like what you do! but you turned into another fucking youtube sellout!!!!!!!!! wtf
easy way to explain g-force
You should make a trumpet with a hidden flamethrower in the bell
You're a cool guy Colin but unfortunately I'm never going to pay for content on YouTube. It's bad enough with all of the outrageous ads taking up my time.
*Dear Colin,* Challenge for you: 39x 7000w lights can be seen from space. Can you beat it? https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=5&v=oFkiV-7lW6w
Well it was fun watching you UNtill YOUTUBE RED
Dude your laugh is so infectious it's mad
lmao if you have to pay to watch his videos :/ lol unsubscribed back to ghetto bitch fights lol
Qd os br
Unsubscribed you greedy whore!
Make a potato launcher ferz
Despuki'o ft. DJ Kefe and Samu Aikae
Make a supmarine
That cool
washing mashine!
A new invention pls
this falts laught
Do a motor trolley
Lonsdale Road
His laugh do
I am still laughing
This video was so satisfying!
Hey can u make wall e robot
https://youtu.be/jmjjKDa651k\nWatch truck on a Drifting amazing and crazy video
Make a airplane because your always at the airfield.  Like if you agree
Why YT Red... i can't watch ur videos
make a tree house and stay in it for one night
Why do you disable comments on your Red videos?  are you worried about all the negative feedback you would be getting there?  Why not simply put the Red videos on a seperate channel?
I'm unsubscribing because of all the youtube red content that's coming out. I know you said it isn't interrupting the normal content, but it still floods my sub box with stuff I can't watch. It's incredibly annoying, and as much as I love the videos of yours that I can watch, they're not worth dealing with a bloated sub box for.
You got an unsubscribe because of that thing Youtube Red on the newest video;
I have a idea for a future build. the predator's wrist blades!
i was loving your channel sence 1.5M subs  and when then  for your tv show but now im not why i have to pay to see 3$ each ep omg that sucks
ok, thats it... good luck and go fuck yourself and your paid videos... i am out of here and i am taking my subscription with me...
love watching your video, but now your starting to charge money to watch!?!?! un-subscribing.
£2! yes i will if you give 93% of it to charity....
Turn the music volume down. Your laughs and water sounds are much more entertaining.
ever since you started charging people to watch your videos. IV UNSUBSCRIBED. hope everyone else does. best of luck
6 years of viewing £2 a shot for a 20 minute show your good but not that good UN subscribed.
Sorry to say Colin, but you be wrong about payed videos.
Do you really think with 5.4m suscribers we are going to pay 2.49euros to watch a youtube video? how fucking greedy, i am glad to unsuscribe.
I have an invention idea \nMake a electro magnet that can get magnetic metals from up to 15 feet
I don’t understand why he’s doing a YouTube red thing because people in the uk can’t watch it and most of his fans are from the uk
As this is now water tight could you fit a prop to the back and make it an amphibious car?
£2 to watch a random manchilds video? While some are pretty good you just lost a subscriber due to greed, screw you and the safty tie. RIP colinfurze youtube channel 2007-2017
I like you channel berry much. ... but .... by going to YouTube Red it's like getting a slap in the face.\n\nAt 5 million subscribers you are getting enough money but now you need more on demand by YouTube Red all or some of your videos, I'm a nobody and I think I'll missed your channel but why keep you if I can't enjoy your videos.\n\nI'm unsubscribing? no hate here I just can't afford on a retirement budget. It was great wile it lasted Thank You
Don't really understand why we have to pay to watch YouTube Red Series on YOUTUBE when we can watch it for free if we make a KIDS YOUTUBE ACCOUNT
So, Colin, how is one supposed to watch your YoutubeRed series when there is no YoutubeRed in most of the world?
At least if the police stop you, You can say  where in the law book, Where does it say it's against the law to drive a car full of water  also it is completely driver able
So just the occasional video now when you've got time to throw something together. Otherwise we've got to pay for a Red subscription?
If it is water tight it could be turned into a boat
Lol pah i could get all water out of that car in 1 sharp turn
Only a fucking Brit would do shit like this
TCC The Colin Company like if you agree
Or a little off road car
Issue one: Inertia \nI'm sure Colin can fix this
Can't believe you're got to pay to watch your other videos, you're sold out man
Yeah, im unsubscribing because of your only new videos not being FREE,#endyoutubered
Make real life spider man
Most American English person ever.
1:11 Is the steering wheel gonna get damp? Oh my god so cute
Dreams are crazier than ever\nAwesome thanks for making them reality
Why not cover the whole thing and fill it up and submerge yourself and leave a breathing tube and have googles and drove it on the street and get reactions from people 😂😂😭
Usually love your videos, but just a few thoughts on this one.  You're driving a car with dodgy suspension, dodgy brakes and no seatbelt on a public road, initially full of water.  Not exactly legal or safe is it?  Might not have been so funny if you'd hit something/someone would it?
His laugh is the best
You should put a wall curved towards the seats so that when you are cooking and someone is driving, the water would be pushed and directed around the grill.
His neighbors must love him
New rule.  Video's with British cars have to have to be flipped horizontally from now on.
Hey colin, try to make a jetpack, that's in a back pack!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLike so he can see
What would the clutch be like on that how did that feel and the steering?
Make a house out of a bus
this guy cracks me up
All along I thought this was an E30 318i Manual, but now I know this is a 325i Manual and it hurts.\n\nUpdate: I see you have addressed what was hurting me. Great E30 sport by the way!
nothing is useful in your inventions...waste of time...greedy inventions..
Thats not street legal is it?
takumi could have done better driving
2:01 Guy's like, what in the bloody hell?! and picks up his child for safety. LOL
Can you put your Red series in a different feed? It's fucking annoying to fuck with my feed.
I dont know what the fuss is about with the new red show. kids or not its still cool AF
You should make a trans former
Hi my neme is aleksey, i'm from Russia.
Your not quitting the channel are you? Im a big fan of your big projects
Colin is the definition of That's too stupid to work, LET'S DO IT
Who is this man with you in the car?
I think I see the problem. They put the driver's seat on the wrong side of the car.
Would you need a different license to drive that car when full because of its weight?
ill re sub when you pull off the youtube red crap
Make a jet powered go kart
BMW’s better when wet
Great watch as ever Colin. Keep up the good work!
Well... I'm amused.  Love those Brits!
hey colin are you from notts
Being his neighbour must be really weird :D
You can walk on the water?
*Other Videos* :\n 1 Million likes,\n100k comments.\n\n*Colinfruz's video* :\n1 Million likes\n2 k comments.\n\nPeople are probably getting inspired and working their ass off tbh
will it float if you put a boat motor in it
Loved this perspective Colin! All Time Legendary YouTuber here!!
So cute!\nIt melts my heart!!!💖😘😍💖😘😍💖😘😍💖😘😍
whats the song called
You can't just say Puppies First Bath Time and not give us a full dog on your sweet puppy :(
it's good for your dog🐕
The black pudding is pigs blood xxx I’m British so enjoy!! Xxxx
It's pig Blood
Black pudding has blood sausage in it
Also menudo is also just made with pork belly and also dinuguan
Is made of pig blood
here I am, it's 2am and I'm watching a dog have a bath
bruh omg I have tried tripe and its really good so offensive Eva
I'm Hispanic and I don't even like menudo
i wanna name my next dog hanalei! That's such a cute name!! xx
If I see a man in the airport who's riding on the suitcase I will know for sure that it's Adam
When will you come to philippines? :( please
Hi! Im from the philippines. And yes it is DEE-NOOH-GOOH-AN as DINUGUAN hahahahaha but it's basically pork blood 🤣
Its shampoo time\nWhat flavor is it? \nRlly what flavor is it..
It's sheep blood
That is not a full English breckfast and it is pig blod
Just to let you know black pubbing is made out of pig blood and it's sometimes on a British breakfast
eva don’t wash her ears bcs she can get an ear infection just saying
Pls show some respect, some culture eat these food. It’s ok if u don’t like it, but saying ewww or disgusting or gross is like disrespectful to other cultures that eats dinuguan or menudo. But I still love u, nice vlog anw.  <3
I'm from the Philippines and I love dinuguan and Menudo. If you don't like pork's intestine you can substitute it with meat and it tastes like spaghetti without the noodles, don't forget to top it up with some grated cheese. And the dinuguan is pronounced as Di.Nu.Gu.An
Why would you dislike this
Love this video. If you love crayons check out these personalized crayon banks.\nwww.etsy.com/listing/493850172
Cutest dog in the WORLD 🌎 \nHonestly my dog loves getting a massage on her belly you should try it
I'm from Newfoundland, Canada and those black things are called blood puddings. I've had them my whole life. The ones I have are good
I'm getting a puppy just like  just like u P.S im your biggest fan
More  children  to get
I got my wisdom teeth out today and now I'm catching up on my YouTube. 😂
It's made from pigs blood and it's actually very popular in England! X
No offence to these people but I only watch the parts with the puppy lol
OMGGGG HOW MUCH WAS UR DOG HOW MUCH IT WAS I WILL GIVE U THE MONEY AND U GIVE ME THE PUPPPY
Tripe isn't that bad my family loves it they eat in menudo but I don't like it
you should not wash her ears especially since she has floppy ears, if the water gets trapped in side her ears it can grow fungi
Tip: next time when you give her a bath try not to put water on her ears because they are very sensitive
I loiked up tripe thinking I was a dare devil👹👹👹👺👺But no I clicked right off it holding my hands to my mouth😂😂😂
You two are so wonderfull together. OMG😊
It’s pigs blood\n\n\n\n\nI think??
lol I used the same shampoo! Well for my pup not me😂
White pudding tastes better than black pudding its made of lamb blood and rice its stuffed inside the organs ( same with sausages ) and its delicious 😍 i love it ( im irish and its my favourite type pudding )
Omg Eva no!😧 I do actually have the problem with gross things (holes) YET I LOOKED UP TRIPE! 😲😵😵
I see a puppy i click
Black pudding
Black pudding is made of pig blood i think. In Norway we just call it Blood pudding.
Idk, but was not necessary to go in side the tub with the dog, just saying I do that to my dog and I dont go inside with her, whatever 😩😩😩😒😒😒😕😕
Booty rubs lol
black pudding is made of pigs blood
aw that's so cute 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😃😍😍😍😍😍😃😍😍😃😃😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍=😍😍😍😍😍😍😃😍😃😍😃😍😍😃😃😃😍😍=😘😘😘😘😘😍😍
It's so funny watching her reaction to black pudding bc I love it but I know how weird it sounds to eat
MOVE TO MARYLAND PLEASE I BEG U
Nvm
Awww how cute you dog is very very very lovely xxx also find more Dogs and Puppies for sale at https://www.obsads.com/dogs-puppies
She takes after Mom!
my dad and brother eat tripe its disgusting
You guys are so funny
I love her vlogs❤️ they make my day😊
It's actually di-nu-gu-an not dinugwan. I'm a filipino subscriber 💖 love youuu xx
I wish my teeth were that white. I'm jealous!
That's the cutest Video on Youtube omg i can't❤❤❤
How don’t you know what black pudding is it’s a very famous english breakfast
You 2 are the best dog owners on yt
i loved the vid but.. WAT SONG WAS THAT!!11!!!
If I look up that image will it trigger my trypophobia
Its made with pigs blood :)
Lol black pudding is actually made from dry pigs blood, it's actually really nice but i dont eat it any more bcuz im a vegetarian now 😂😂💕
Your sag has more followers than me lol
I love Miles’ personality!
am I the only that was totally freaking out because Eva had velvet shorts on in the tub😫
I am getting one of those dogs
where are your earings from
Wait is she really moving to Hawaii???
Btw I think I’m gonna name my child Hanalei \n(Sorry if I spelled it wrong)
Your puppy is so cute
I love menudo but we make the tripe with soup and some corn. I've never heard of the black thing
Eva M A R R Y that man 😂❤️❤️❤️
im pretty sure its cow blood haha
Adorable puppy! :))
Reported for animal abuse
Black pudding has pigs blood 😂😂❤
pig blood
Hanalei is *LITERAL* doggy GOALS😍🐶🐕
You guys are smokers
Pork blood
blood sausage
I searched up 'tripe'...\n\n\n\n\n\nOh God....
Pig blood
10
Pig blood
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww  my dog loves baths
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶
*puppy's
DINUGUAN! HAHAHAHHA FILIPINA REPRESENTTT 🇵🇭
#YOUTUBER GOALS.13:16
my dog hates baths
Does she wear wigs?
I smiledthe whole time idk why
Whats the flavor? 😂😂
I'm sorry, but you should really have done some research about the breed before getting one :( I'm a 15 year old who's never owned a dog, yet even I know that 1. Golden have very sensitive ears so you shouldn't just wash them carelessly, and 2. You can't just use random human shampoo on an animal. Please do some research for the dogs sake
Black pudding usually looks like a sausage, and it's from pigs blood I think. I don't like it myself so I understand you guys 😊😊
Wendy is such a lousy interviewer.  Here she has a charismatic, interesting and intelligent guest and she bombards him with so many asinine questions that he can barely finish a thought.  I would've loved to hear more about his thoughts as a new father.  Why is she asking him about his former wife???  Thank goodness Brand is compelling enough to withstand her inanity.
Why does she keep bringing up Katy Perry?
I could listen to him talk for hours. I always think i'm one with words... this man makes me feel like a vegetable.
I love him his accent voice is awesome
Chocolate lake .... he knows what he's doing
Wendy can't controll him
his intelligence is so sexy
Russell is an autodidact.
My spirit animal
hilarious and wise
Wendy was having a hard time following his humor.
Russell is a legend of our time. His life is the realist thing anyone can relate to.
He is funny as hell.. Who cares if he is not popular.. 
I fucking love Russell he's hot funny and naughty all at the same time and a freak in one makes u want to bone him so hard
the way he spoke about loosing his friend was touching he is really deep down behind the front face a good guy you can tell.
he's giving her a run for her money, oh how i love being british lmao
Russell was walking and sitting like he is suffering from anal fissures. I hope he gets better.
The idiocies Russell has to endure to promote his book.
Didn't she call him a vampire at one point?
The message is from minute 7:31 to 8:05, and it's brilliant.
0:46 Wendy looked at Russell's crotch and said oh gosh I'm so gone!
Too intelligent for the likes of Wendy
This drama obsessed lady and audience are so confused lol
I love him. So down to earth and hilarious
I love himmmmm omg
He is lovely.
Love him
He is funny love him
Delightful interview.\nNever knew he was so .... You know\nDelightful😄
He's fell off since the divorce from Katy Perry.
He should have his own show !
This is not a talk show its a gossip show from one of the characters from CATS musical.
I have the animals but haven't gotten to exploiting them yet 😂😂😂😂😂
He is a funny guy!!
Love Russell and interview
Russell Brand is Sexy and Woke AF and he's fucking clever you've gotta love him I'm kinda glad he left America and we have him back haha x
Am I the only one who thinks Russel Brand looks like a young Billy Bob Thornton?
10:30 sounds more like wendy's in the hot seat
The audience is full of horny heifers lmao!
Brilliant!
Russell - Reader \nWendy - TV Watcher
Russell talking about swimming in chocolate waters then there's a shot of 2 black women?! #ShadyCameraman at work again. 😂💀
Love this guy!!!
5:42 The audience completely missed the ringside joke.
he's so fast i love it
Yeaaaaaaaassssss!!! Consumerism is killing Humanity! You’ve come a long way Russell and so happy you are here❤️💛💚 Stay👁woke🔥
My God! His humor is everything 🤗🤗🤗
She is a terrible interviewer.
He could also pass as John wick's brother
I sincerely love this guy.. He is very wise.
Unfortunately Russel Brand is the ultimate Wendy Williams guest - his struggle with addiction, fatherhood and how parenthood straightened him out, and the love of a good woman keep him on the right path. Cheers. Unfortunately it made him boring
If this is him sober, then.....
WoW...at first I was wondering...then YESSSSSssss I get what this Man is trying to say...WE DON'T NEED CORPORATE PROGRAMMING...WE DON'T NEED TO BUY WHAT THEY ARE SELLING...WE NEED PROGRESS AS A SPECIES.....WE CAN RULE - BEING OURSELVES WITHOUT THE PRETEND!!!..WE ARE ALL ROYALTY!!!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH. Such a creature of a different frequency SUPER SMART! We GOTTA CATCH UP!
She looks like a lizard person
Russell brand  and Kate winslet  from Titanic would be a great couple he's funny just like her 😂
I love watching his interviews with Wendy lmao. He's so extra, but hilarious and very intelligent.
Love his crazy energy and passion! Handsome man! 😍
Crikeys Russel I didn't know about the mothers bits moving forward like a mound - and I have four children
This is hilarious! Both of them are HILARIOUS working off one another
He’s crazy
i was ringside, and i used that word deliberately hilarious and didn't even get a laugh
He is exhausting‼️ but so interesting and has great energy
Wendy is clearly confused throughout this...
I love this this mutherfucker crazy brilliant love him lol
Russell could've done that segment all by himself.  This was her worst interview imo constantly asking about the past,  katy perry and even amy winehouse, really?
i love his energy!!! lol
“...I was ringside, and I use that term deliberately....” \n\n\n🤣
Aliens have landed! what's not to love?! Let loose, bring out the fantastic in our world!
He's so yummy and smart
He so owned this haha he's so funny!! Anyone else really considering buying the book 👀!
How can you ask a person if he blames himself about his fiend's passing?!?! Asking him if he could have done something to save Amy Winehouse...really?
Woke and always sexy ❤️him !
he played you Wendy
Amy whine house love her still this man is so amazing at being himself so funny hahahaha
I laughed so hard. Omg. I love Russel he is a Wildcat. Wendy your great. So much energy...
i just fell in LOVE with russel brand  THAT is why British humor and British blokes rock!
This interview was hilarious! I was laughing the whole time i was watching it. He reminds me of Jim Carey, he cant stick with one topic, he gets all over the place and makes people laugh at his jokes.
I love this man. 😂💛
He’s a bit exhausting hahah but u gotta love\nEm he reminds me of one of my acting coaches from college lmao
Love this guy.. Quite impressed at 9:05-9:15. Truer words have never been spoken. Thanks for exposing yourself in such a way that your example can be viewed as genuine and sincere. I find him funny, entertaining, and highly intelligent.
He's fungly.
What a man
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
RUSSELL IS ARTICULATE ASF
Absolutely LOVE Russell Brand
Phwoaaar aren't you lovely 😫😫😂😂
omg i love russell!!!
Cant not love the Russ!
so cray , hes brilliant
This was brilliant!
Wow. Never seen her so unbalanced. Smashing!
He looks high af
He's hot
*drooooool*
gawd hes ANNOYING af
3:18 Wendy got called out!
He’s a riot, very entertaining
Man he's pretentious. Do people really fall for this? He's just regurgitating a word salad of marxism mixed with the problem of hard solipsism most of the time. He thinks consciousness is some undetectable homogeneous energy that exists everywhere all at once and drives our bodies like meat wagons. All evidence indicates that consciousness is an emergent property of electrochemical reactions between billions of innervated neurons and that it ceases to emerge when the reactions can no longer be sustained and your neurons cease to fire...
He is so sexy.. He's the type to start a cult and I'd follow him
Very interesting. Being Muslim and European I feel I've spent a lot of time thinking about the places where Islam and Christianity and Judaism intersect, thinking about different ways of looking at the proverbial mountain. There are multiple times when little kids have asked me 'eres monja?' meaning 'are you a nun?' because of my hijab. Or family members have asked whether halal is the same as kosher, or if lent is the same as Ramadan. In Islam, we believe that the three religions are a continuation of each other, they were sent to us in that order so that they could complete each other, across history we followed the message of the same god through different prophets, Abraham Moses Jesus Mohammed. Imam Ali has this great quote that says 'a person is either your brother in religion or your equal in humanity' and more people need to live by that\n\nSorry for the rant, it just saddens me that there is so much division between muslims, between believers, and between people :/
I have never heard of the Overton Window, but I love that it has a name that I can go and get more info on. I definitely believe in that concept but didn't have a word for it. There are some unshakeable truths in my life, but most things I love getting other perspectives on. \nAlso that drink at the end made me crave hot chocolate so thanks for that lol
so interesting! would love for you to talk specifics & unpack this at some point :)
this was so crazily mind-opening.\nthank you for this monologue!
I'm not religious. I'm open to spiritual concepts and metaphysical musings, though after 55 orbits around the sun, I've seen and heard most arguments. \nBut like you, I have some non-negotiables. Racism, homophobia - prejudice in general which is based on fear, I am unpersuadable (I think I just made that word up) when it comes to what my conscience dictates on such matters.  People are people, and I abjectly refuse to entertain biases based on what someone is. They are a person, that's what. If I have to judge someone, I want to base it on _who_ they are, not what.
Great video. It's given me a lot to think about, or perhaps just a different way to think about things. Thank you!
I think a problem with the mountain metaphor is that not all view points are right. Like you said: racism. That's never going to be a valid way to view the mountain. I saw a graphic today that showed two people looking at a number from opposite sides. From the perspective of one of the people, it was a 6, and a 9 from the other. They were arguing about whether it was a 6 or a 9. Only one of them was right, though, because whoever drew the number there purposefully made a 6 or 9. The view point could only be solved by using context clues, asking questions, and having a discussion about its purpose and history. I felt it was very poignant, and maybe relevant to what you're saying in this video. Loved this one :)
I love your creativity, balance, intellect. Really enjoyed your last few vids in particular, with views on this, and what it is to be british, etc. All the best to you. :)
Wow! very interesting idea! I think I'm going to do and research this idea further... thank you :)
so articulate, love your vids and the food for thought
Was the theologian in hot pants Marika Rose?
Wonderful video! Great concise thoughts for us to mull over! Thank you for sharing. I love the mountain analogy and am definitely looking that up.
I think you'd find Dr. Jordan Peterson really interesting! ❤️️
Ahhhhh how refreshing to hear!  There’s so much to learn from in what you said in terms of how to listen to people of a different view to you! 👏🏻 Never heard of the Overton window before but will read up more on it.\n\nIf you have time, I’d highly recommend listen to a theologian called Michael Ramsden. Namely his one on whether Christianity is intolerant. (Clearly coming from a Christian perspective). The entire talk is interesting, but in responding to a question in the Q&A ( see 52:20 onwards) he unpacks a particular Oxford study on freedom of speech and the capacity to disagree which I think you might find interesting.\n\n(Please do inbox me your thoughts! Or if you find it intriguing enough, make a video!) ❤️
Hmm that mountain part made me think of Impressionism. As a creative, I think a lot about whom I'm trying to communicate with. I've been obsessed with thinking about the the lay viewer instead of professionals and colleagues. Got me thinking again!
Love this idea and love Greenbelt, are you going next year? I should be 🙌🏻
I'm basically persuadeable on anything relating to what istrue.\n\nIt's a few of the fundamental ought questions that I'm firm in.
Freaking L O V E  Greenbelt! Hope you had an ace time xoxoxo
I wish more people would be like you, Leena!
Very interesting concept  I've been thinking about this lately without knowing how to name it :) Lots of love from Luxembourg
have a good time
I think thinking i like your thinking, however overton windows? they are too basic. Saying RACISM is one, but that's too simple to me. This may be because i was a scientist, but in my opinion i think it's too basic a term. one key on my keyboard is broken and you will see which one in a moment. i heard the saying minorities are no problem for people until they become the magority (yes i know it's not spelt with a g!) and i think to understand or be wrong about something one has to delve deeper into the cause of that group of ideas. As far as i can tell it is very instinctive and in our DNA to appease evolution, evolution is unsurpasable..one can not override it with logic or environment or education. parts of evolution never leave our brains, and that part is the part we should look at. EVen the FEAR element behind racism is a massive indicator of things. I think , yes we can be prepared to be wrong, btu we must be prepared to delve much deeper into the whys not just the result to figure out how best to tackle this in society and come to an understanding with other people on earth. it may be unshakeable..but that does NOT excuse you from delving deeper, these people still have valid feelings, regardless of how utterly distasteful they are to us, and understanding more can be the key to actually changing things. it is so easy to dismiss fear based reactions, like the gun owning argument (yes i know it is more complicated) and bombing another country on account of a group of individual's actions and justifying it using blame factors like religion ro such to then make it seem like the whole country are terrorists in order to dispense bombs that rip civilians apart. and the others throwing their hands up in despair and grief at the actions. look into the actiual origin of the thinking to find the clues. these things are too big to generalise.
i've missed your videos like this, this was so interesting, tysm!!
This is very true. With the whole birth control thing going down in the US I got into a couple of twitter discussions and it was really interesting to see the way different people would have different levels of flexibility around the discussion, and also the way a lot of people would cling to an absolutist viewpoint. I talked to a lady who had the general view of 'This shouldn't be included in healthcare because sex not for procreation is immoral' and I suggested that most people using birth control are married with children, and should surely be able to enjoy sex within their lawful loving all-american marriage without risking pregnancy every time... and she said no. Much of the arguments were incredibly hyperbolic on both sides, but that particular instance really stood out as someone who probably didn't really believe what they were saying, but would not budge from their principle. \n\nThere's a book called 'The Righteous Mind' by John Haidt and it looks at why so many of us (myself included a lot of the time) refuse to budge from our political and religious standpoint even when presented with ideas that do make sense. It gives an insight into why Trump supporters are still on board and why the media on both sides has a lot to answer for, it's not the most engaging read, and it's from 2012 so it's a little outdated BUT it's definitely a valuable resource.
I enjoyed this!
♡
Fabulous thoughts, as always <3
Be Vegan cause using animals as products is shit.
1st one
This is why it bugs me when we're separated into two and only two groups (left and right or whatever). It makes it harder to find my neighbors.
So just to add to the concepts in this video, the thing about the mountain actually is kind of making another point as well - that even if you're sitting on one side of the mountain and seeing one thing and someone else is seeing something entirely different on the other side, you're both still looking at the same mountain, and neither of you are wrong. The mountain of course being an allegory for life, the universe, right and wrong etc, the point is that just because you absolutely cannot see another person's point of view, doesn't mean the point isn't valid and real from where they're standing! I think it's a really interesting metaphor that can help you view the world more dynamically! Sincerely, Grew Up In A HIGHLY Philosophical Household
trending with 2.8k views 🤔\n\nSo anyways I did watch the video, interesting concept \n\njust curious how do you feel about islam? You were saying how you went to the islam workshop tents which is great\n\nbut then you said that sexism was no way in your overton window, meaning that you will never entertain the idea of sexism (also great)\n\nbut then sexism is actually deeply routed in the islamic culture, exhibit 1: Saudi arabia only just allowed women to drive, in 2017, thats bonkers right? I cant think of anything MORE sexist \n\nDid they mention any of this in the talks? Not trying to hate whatsoever, just interested on everyones opinion on this matter
🏔️
This is such an interesting idea that I've really been thinking about a lot recently! Greenbelt always gives me fresh perspectives on the way I live my life and how to better myself. FYI I think I was stood next to you at Newton Faulkner's set but wasn't sure enough that it was you to say hey...so hey now I guess!
Kumail's done voice work in Adventure Time as well
I respect Conan. This was a good segment. I swear I would watch and pay for Conan doing remotes and clueless gamer.
I hate the separate camera in SOW
I thought the Orc sounded more like Patton Oswald than Kumail.
OH GOD......waching the CD standing there...being so uncomfortable.....oh that was painfull
If only Kumail Nanjiani was as talented as he is smug.
I m amazed how Erin ( sorry if I m wrong) kept losing n gaining his weight. How he do that. I want to lose some weight.
I rememberr the dark souls cluelessgamer video where everyone was bullshitting around and kumail was engrossed in the atmosphere
god I hate this idiot
I honestly really want this game
BE SMART AND BECOME RICH IN LESS THAN 3DAYS…It all depends on how fast you can be to get the new PROGRAMMED blank ATM card that is capable of hacking into any ATM machine,anywhere in the world. I got to know about this BLANK ATM CARD when I was searching for job online about a month ago..It has really changed my life for good and now I can say I’m rich and I can never be poor again. The least money I get in a day with it is about $50,000.(fifty thousand USD).Only serious individuals should contact him because he is very straight forward contact him if you really want to do business. he is serious and 100% trusted i am a living testimony. Every now and then I keeping pumping money into my account. it is legal,there is no risk of being put into trouble ,because an account from which you will continuously withdraw from will be given to you ,.For details on how to get yours today, email the hackers on:(adamsblankatmhacker@gmail.com
Elijah Wood should've been in this video
This is hilarious, great chemistry between this 2 lol
I miss conan's ranking every end of the game!!!
should've brought in the voice actor for Kruk..
the game graphics is lame for 2017 game
Practically people from India are orcs.
This looks like the same damn game years later lol.
Kumail should be Conan's regular clueless gamer guest.....this is the best!
Everything is racist for Conan and that Iranian dude.
genually i dont like celebs on cluelessgamer. this guy was funny
All the shades of your mom's lipstick
Somehow Aaron gets skinnier every time he appears on Conan
I'm saying,Pied Piper needs funding \n😂😂😂😂😂
The Orc who is dazed by brutal violence or shaming (Twitter) is the best part.
my dream clueless gamer is fire emblem warriors with matthew mercer
I'm surprised Kumail was able to go 8 minutes without complaining about Trump.
4:50 man that sounds... so frickin bad\nLMAO\nThe cringe is amazing
They should have used his voice when you open a loot box. That would've cheered people up so they would pay more money.
His orc voice is good! Because it sounds original instead of grungy like most, they do have higher pitched orcs that sound insane! He did a good job
I't s rather old game, but I would LOVE to see Conan do The Last of Us.
First good Conan and celebrity duo for clueless gamer...
This was a funny guest. Most of them suck and are unfunny.
I like how they got the guy in charge of the game to come in just so they could call him racist
Clueless gamer is my all time favorite thing xD I play half these games, making it even funnier
Please just listen and bring back Aaron for crying in a bucket!
I have this on ps4
Kumail is the best
aaron has low T
if conan was a game streamer and i watched him play i'll be dead laughing   by now
No talk show like conan
The devs could change his voice in a patch.
Why is this untalented asshat in everything now?
yeeeaaaaaahh my favorite lets player! And the only one i watch. I play the games myself instead of watching another boo hoo play\nThat last fraise about PC was .. Original Conan : )
You're waist-ing my time!  amazing
ugh...video games are wasted on the elderly
Haha 😂 they didn't change his voice
i'm gonna buy this game just to shame Dugz over & over & over & over again before killing him.
dynamically generated ennemies, this game will be  a pain in the ass for speedrunners lol
I usually find the celebs pretty cringy but this guy was great!
Conan is funny in a way that makes him seem like he has a disability.
And I thought he was a really bad choice for this Salarian in Mass Effect Andromeda, but an ork is even worse..! Much worse! I like the guy but those roles just don't fit.. his voice makes these characters just weird, which in turn breaks the immersion.
Its a good feeling to tell the guy you worked for that he fucked up
rare occasion that an episode with a guest star is still funny. kudos!
Nanjiani and his wife used to do a video game podcast called The Indoor Kids or something.  Good stuff.
should just play with Aaron
Clueless gamer ... yep clearly clueless about the despicable business practice known as microtransactions in full priced games.
6:28 He sounds like a goblin xD
that voice better not be really in the game
I wonder how Conan would handle E-sports.
Ya know dugz voice sounds off putting. But it kind of works.
LOL i cant wait to hear his voice ingame tomorrow if i come across him
Conan REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I'm looking forward to dominating kumail nanjianai orc
Do rainbow six siege
Whares the romantic diner lol to unwined
SHADOW OF WAR
I'm sorry, I have already checked 'moosehead'
Damn those textures are bland as hell.
The funniest clueless gamer in a long time!!!
they did not tell him about micro transaction...it would have been funny
I hate watching people like this play games because they never take them seriously, and it’s just not entertaining to watch
Pied piper needs funding xDD
He's happy
I hate you Conan
Kumail seems like a lovely guy
hahah YES!!! thank you Conan. Keep these gems coming
They were freaking hilarious; but the game itself looks kinda meh.
5:30
I literally lol
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssa 🤓🤓🤓
Indian Orcs?
SHADOW OF MICROTRANSACTIONS
Get Conan on Vr
Glorbgorb
Pakistani denzel
Bro you fucked me
Await construction ceremony poll layer real contribute.
Love these 😂
Kumail is so adorable. ❤
Shadow of Micro-transactions\nShadow of Loot boxes\nShadow of more dollars
Actually thinking orcs woudn't sound like normal people is racist, orcphobia much shitlords?
terrible voice acting
Crop determine cool somehow twin warn earnings population drain.
Still waiting for a Conan Schlansky gaming video
Just do a game with Aaron!  We don’t always need celebrities!  At least this guy seemed to know how to play video games
Dear Team Coco: Why does nobody at ur staff has the balls or ovarians to get Aaron back. Conan and Aaron whers purely joy. He(Conan) could fool around non scripted and funny as he naturally is and Aaron gets the nerdy impact. I wouldnt say you ruined it, but #FreeConan.
i didn't know raj from the big bang theory played video games
PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=X_5_BLt76c0
Go Airsofting or Paintballing xD
You should go see blade runner 2049 😂😂😂
Tom MC: ‘That’s good fun that’ *straightest face in the world*
Where is the Japanese candy video?
I have got to say tom seems to be gaining a bit of weight
This slimy manipulator still gets views? Lol morons.
Tom what happened to gaming
You should keep both shopes and tern the other one in to a retal shop
kinda looks like nadeshots 100 theives clothing line..
Yes Tom, 13 trending in UK
Toot toot mutherfuckers
whats happening on the 5th of october tom xx
I think that you guys need to do the rock climbing for your next couples date. Trust fall in all
Blade runner is already been out for 3 days in NZ
Should take them to Daytona Go Karting place in Manchester, so much fun!
Whats tom macallens job?
How about a 2v2 bowling duel?
Cats shouldn’t be kept inside
You should go to Thorpe Park for their fright nights
Great vlog it looks pretty good there
I had a test in Latin class yesterday and the teacher had a bonus questions where he wrote the title of a movie in Latin and we had to translate it and he put blade runner. And once I translated the numbers I knew it because of toms vlogs. And I was the only one to get it right.
People still say Leet?
You should go Farmageddon for Halloween!
Tom NEVER say Onee-Chan again\n(i will find you)
goes to Japan once😂
Damn , your'e trending
Hi Tom. Love your vids. I’m just wondering where you ordered the Johnnie Walker bottle from. Hope you can help. Thanks.
Used to love his lonely island. Too easy to just go on your life and make bank off it I guess. Still an artist though ha
Trafford centre oi oi
Aids
BMW = Black Men Ware
They've got one in Derby, where I'm from. It's not a very crazy course to be fair.
This video is on trending!!!
1337 is a hacker group 😂
whens the t-shirt available
siehe: Dieter Irber -song PLANET LYDIA!!!!!
You should do lasertag
Tonight Alive in the background 👌
I remember tom saying to my dad ur better of being a Manc
GAYBAR!!
Wtf this videos trending lol
Can someone please tell me what monitors Tom is using?
Just sayin, be careful with the collars. One of my cats *loves* having it, she really does enjoy it, with the bell and everything.  My other cat... well... got himself to bleed trying to take it off and had to quickly pay a visit to the vet...
Is that star city in Birmingham?
omg Lydia's face when she got the free game! Cutest thing ever! :)
I go to that golf place every 2 weeks (exact same one at Trafford Centre)
Go to bridlington and join me in the land of crappy wifi!
Yes it’s trending because Tom is the man. The kittens are almost as gorgeous as Tom.
Tom are you a united fan!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
NINJA WARRIOR, Tom, It's like 5 mins from trafford, they do amazing food too!!
mot/tom you could go Nottingham
His mums a victim
12. On trending in ireland
Picnic! + flying kites! 😂 lmao
Australia
awesome vlog today!!!
Yo I went to that golf course and got the ball in the middle at the end\nYou get a gold coin
Tom got to the manchester chil factor or indoor sky diving:) its really cool and not too expensive either
acid tastes like nothing just paper ;) love the vlogs with you and your woman having great times making memories
Airsofting in salford :D  Amazing place funny put hurts lil bit youll all enjoy it
The year is 2030: Tom (other tom) is still wearing vans
Ayyyyyy Trafford centre. Was literally there last week
new slogan- screw it  just do it
Fook me he'll be even closer to the grapes!! Tom's taking over Gee Cross, he's nicking the name off his dad!!
the new shirt in white looks clean.
Carful Tom my dad had an hernia operation and it took like 5 weeks to tecover
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuududu
Yo-Yo-Yo if ya mum Doesnt like the laptop send it to ya boy we'll play some pubg together know what I'm saying 😂👌👌
I don't know how you still dare to upload after the shit you pulled. I'm annoyed everyone has just forgotten.
Thank God you are not censoring the curse words.
HES MARRED WTF SINCE WHEN
1337 upside-down is leet. L=7 E=3 T=1
mateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee u look like focking ryan gosling mate at 9mins
I’m going to the Trafford centre tomorrow, wish I was there when you were there!
Tom's new japanese shirt says shindiketo
Tgi fridays where the queue is long and waiting for your server takes even longer.
Omfg it's the Trafford centre in Manchester!!! My fave place
I haven't watch toms vlogs in ages is that his gf?
Since when he married
Is he married or is this Clickbait?
e is the 4th letter of the alphabetsmeeeert
Guess what is October 5th Tom?!?!?!?
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this <3 Day 189!
Go to Glasgow
Bowling!
Hey syndicate/Tom can u add me on snap chat I have sent u a request my snap chat name is \nJosh12850 please
Kate
Manchester City going win the league 💪😎💙💙💙💙💙💙
OMG he lives near me or that's near me
she got the free game because she rubbed the face thats so crazy
Tom was getting head in the outro
So basically you make a big deal over the word elite
Tom m has girls feet lol
I have played both 18 course holes at the Trafford centre and it is not hard you are all bad at golf
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud
A new game you might want to try Warframe 100% reccomend it
I got a collar for my cat but last night he got attacked my another cat and when he came back with no collar and a scratch on his nose
where are you from? You sound like you're from Derby!?
Every shirt/ T-shirt has been insane but no disrespect to the designers whether it's u alice or your mom but the design is absolutely terrible😂
That moment when you realise you went to that crazy golf course 😂😂
The pianist's song choices are so delightful! I heard Abba, The Beach Boys and a swath of musicals in there, and I'm sure there were more. What a treat. 💛
I just adore Alexander Campbell!  He is both a magnificent dancer but also seems like a gentleman!
Can we take a minute and appreciate the pianist?? What an amazing job :) :)
I squealed when Alexander Campbell appeared.
Thank you ROH so much for giving us this wonderful treat every year! It's so special.
oh my god, mamma mia into rhapsody in blue. so perfect!
Vadim😍. So, so elegant, even in class.
Seeing Sarah lamb and Fumi great ballet dancers
Every year there's someone pregnant hahaha!
My eyes always go straight to Sarah Lamb whenever she's on screen. Olga is also such a great teacher, I'd love to have a teacher as sweet and straight to the point as her.
I so appreciate the pianist's inclusion of Monty Python's Lumberjack Song
Thank you for this video!!♡
Does anybody else just LIVE for videos like this, because they can't take ballet themselves?
Simplesmente maravilhoso !  Excelentes bailarinos e belíssimos coreógrafos.
so beautiful wow i love ballet
I literally WENT to a ballet class, then I came home to WATCH a ballet class 😂
Sae Maeda already stands out and she’s one of the newest. I knew she was going to be something when I saw her perform at Prix de Lausanne. Cannot wait to see her perform principal roles someday!
No inicio os exercícios são simples mas tem que ter precisão mesmo. Eu amei ♥♥
New?  That's funny.  I've been doing those one legged releves in my classes for 10 years!
Who could thumbs down this?? lol lol love this teacher she's adorable much love!
Thank you soooo much for the video!! It was a great day! :-)
Love!  'Mr. Cellophane for tendu from 5th!  Thank you!  :-)
Okay.. so I was impressed with the pianist but saw others had already mentioned him in the comments and figured I wouldn't add to it--until he played the tutti opening of tchaikovsky's piano concerto... this guy is amazing!!!
I practice ballet in Panama
Does anyone recognize the tune at 53:48?
1:30 into the tape is a fantastic ballet
Why wasn’t Yasmine Naghdi in class? I was really looking forward to her in class this year, she’s so lovely! So happy she was promoted to Principal this year!!
Olga makes all this up? Someone let her choreograph her own ballet please👍👏👏😂
I love all the different styles of their clothes :D
Thank you SO MUCH for the videos! Couldn't watch it live but I've now watched this afterwards 2 times already!
What's the song at 37:40??
After the last year's disastrous presentation by Darcy, the World Ballet Day has become immensely enjoyable again. I love Kirsty and Alexander's supportive attitude towards their great colleagues.
What’s the song at 01:30:00?
My favorite time of year, I just love watching World ballet day with the royal ballet every year
look at the men in the Royal Ballet their feet their bodies their technique their turns Etc and look at the men in San Francisco Ballet and it is so embarrassing for sfb these days
(if only the commentators would stop talking...)
I Love😍 World Ballet Day!💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
God, my calves are killing me just watching those 16 rises  😭 😭  Relevés and frappés were my most dreaded exercises in ballet lmao
I always love Royal Ballet's class in World Ballet Day :)
At 1:09:45 the music is I could have danced all night from My Fair Lady. And at 1:10:55 My favourite things from The Sound of Music.
As good as calf rises are they should be doing it turned out , so they don't bulk up muscles that aren't needed when the legs are turned out.
I love this company and Olga's classes so much ❤
I love watching Olga teaching. She's so nice and vibrant. She pays so much attention to the details and to each and every dancer. The dancers seem to  like her very much, too!
I always love the live stream on world ballet day! ❤️
What’s the music for the dreamers ever leave you ??
Could I get any information about musics in this video?
I loved what O'Hare said - we can do more together to bring awareness to ballet as a vital art form than we can each standing alone. Collaboration among art companies in the US has always seemed too politicized to work, as each is trying to beat out each other for limited funding, etc. Everyone seems out for themselves a bit. Worldwide there seems to be a lot more opportunity to come together and be a stronger louder voice that's needed to keep critical arts like ballet alive and thriving as we are stronger together than apart. This is such a lovely experience every year, thanks to ROH and all the companies that share intimate coverage of their beautiful creations, dancers, and processes.
squealed when i saw vadim - love that guy!
The pianist likes his musicals!
There's something hypnotic about watching class.  Fumi looking drop dead gorgeous here.
what a wonderful teacher, i also love her barre combinations!
I am an aspiring ballet dancer and watching this really inspires me.I hope I can be there with you one day.Every year is better than before.Congratulations!
Can we talk about Steven McRae at 44:15?
The class of Olga Evreinoff is very fun. But I am waiting for Brian Maloney's class. Can I see his class again? Is Brian a class teacher in World Ballet Day 2018?
ROH channel, thank you for uploading the whole thing! I never get to watch it live. This is my favorite stream from the World Ballet Day!
Who's the guy in the black tights and white tank top that looks like it has bananas on it?? I'm really enjoying his dancing.
I just missed Natalia Osipova in class :(
Love the sound of music in there
I find ballet dancers fascinating because of their commitment to hard physical work coupled with their artistry.  I admire each dancer's accomplishment to get to this level.
1:02:22 is so me when i screw up and 1:02:50 is me when i think i'm at the club when i'm in class
Oh! I was so glad to see Nadia in the first class! If she is into her apprenticeship then I wish her the best of luck for a contract!
I love how this year they keep the camera on the dancers so you can still follow along while they're commentating instead of going to the commentators and missing part of the warm up class.
I love how the pianist went from Là ci darem la mano (Mozart's Don Giovanni) to Wagner's Treulich geführt (Wedding march) What an irony.
They guy at 1:02:23 is literally me everyday 😂
Love to see all the dancers.  They work so hard and create such beautiful art.  Grateful for their dedication.
What's the song at 1:30:00 ?
Olga's class! Love it!
The talent of the young dancers from the Royal Ballet School is amazing.
I hear a Swiss song as training melodie :) at 1.06---- Vo Luzärn uff Wäggis zue :)
You know I noticed that the Royal dancers were all very honest with their turn out. I recall watching some Russian ballet company classes last year the dancers all had their feet 180 flat in first position and one dude even had his toes pointing backwards in second position - a bit freaky to be honest. There are many things I adore the Royal Ballet for and now I discovered one more. It is my favourite ballet company of all : )
Steven McRae's chaines at 44:18 holy crap!
I love Olga!
Leticia Stock, so beautiful!
AWESOME!  I ADORE BALLET.
frankie's legssss
my legs hurt watching them lol
Olga -amazing teacher
Steven McRaes but😍😍
Marianelaaaaa!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
What is the music of 'rond de jambe a terre'?
Love this ! Delicious !
Tchaikovsky pdd😍
Does osipova appear somewhere?
Ahhh <3 <3 <3. The pregnant ballerina is definitely goals!!! :D xxxx
Annoyed that I didn't get any notices that this was only on Facebook and not streamed on Youtube too. Not everybody likes fb or wants an fb.
1:16:15 'cause its just not World Ballet Day without Nela :)
Love Vadim!
Who is the Asian male dancer in the black socks and green tights?!
Horrible! Royal Ballet is a piece of shit
talk the talk .... you'd think they'd sort the picture quality oot        , shabby cunts         . love the dancers tho
Sadly no Natalia Osipova, she's been with TRB since 2013 - never seen her dance live or in the cinema, boo hoo :-(
do they dance at their own time..
Whoops! I spelled her name wrong. I meant to write Yuhui Choe.  Is she still with the company?
Can anybody tell me what the song at 30:20 is?
when will this be deleted??
38:30 men's butt in tights...
EEEEEK!!!! Alexander has a hairy chest AND a nice ass!!! (jumping and screaming like a fangirl with panties falling on the floor).
Steven Mccrae😍 hope i spelled that right
Talking about the rehearsal of the Caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland, the guy in purple (Fernando?) is definitely not as good as Eric Underwood in this role back in the original production. Maybe he's still young and has to learn but Eric's Caterpillar was just so much more sexy and fascinating and his movements much softer, bigger and more elegant and worm-like.
Where is Yuhui Choe pls?
Follow my instagram - https://www.instagram.com/meet_arnold/
Was jesus a virgin
*Should I Call The PowerMetics? Poor Arnold*
Can you plz put the metric system numbers on screen, i dont really know the US system
I feel like a kid when i watch these and it feels amazing
Arnold is a robot
Yo the narrator is a bully lmao he stay doing Arnold bad 😂😩
Put him Arnold inside a power plant
300 kilowatts is not equal to 10 toasters it's more like 300 toasters dude get your facts right !!!!!
Am I the only one who feels really bad for Arnold
I love how Arnold looks like Doofus Rick from Rick and Morty
Arnold should go inside a black hole like if you agree
I like your videos. Please, more science and explanation, and less profanity and insults.
I just noticed every episode Arnold lost his pinky finger
855k subs:10 vids= the new king of YouTube
You can be paralyzed for life, but it can be temporary. Vat does this mean to the scociety
Why does his finger fall off?
Damn Arnold has been through some shit
keep up your g8t work LU
What happened if arnold was stuck in a elevator
Hmmmm, in most videos of Meet Arnold, he loses a finger. Weird.
i want to see how long arnold can beath underwater
PLEASE GET THIS ON TV!!
so.. is Arnold a robot?
Arnold has 3 fingers yet his skeleton has 4
Make one were he dies from a tornado
Is Arnold a robot????
Harry, you're a wizard!
Will I become the flash?
Where do we give suggestions?
Do Arnold in a nuclear reactor
“A person can be paralysed for life, but it may be temporary” Ok narrator, ok.
Why does his finger always fall off??
I guess he was shocked about that lightning, get it? Okay, I'm gonna go now.
Your a wizard Arnold! A very stupid one but YOU ARE A WIZARD!
hello there I'm curious to know how do you make your videos
Hey he has a robot eye at the somewhere thats is a Hint huh?
I like arnold thumbs up for arnold
I want arnold put in a black hole
he said subscribe to my instagram
What would happen if he was covered in tar.
If I like the video I just do not understand English Dislaike
Poor Arnold. Good to know that someone exists who has a worse life than me.
Why does he have so many views but not enough subs? Sub people!
Uh, I believe that the ordinary toaster is about 1500 watts, so wouldn’t that be 150 toasters?
you can be damaged for life,but only temporarily????
He must have stepped on a lego brick
your channel is blowing up fast!!!
There are people who survived lighting attacks!?
i went to arnolds instagram and he was on fire? at the end of his post/video
What happen Arnold press in the 2000000000 lbs under mounten
He has so many subs
What of Arnold would be in the cosmic web?? Or out of our universe
Next its going to be the narrator
Arnold to a black hole
What happen if u got hit by a 2 tsar bomb
Arnold FALLS in an ELEVATOR SHAFT
What happens when Arnold goes to Barmuda Triangle
How long can arnold be in mount everest without clothes.
lets subscibe to his instagram!
Subscribe to his instagram
why so smart???
Turn on Adsense
AHHH HARRY POTTER REFRENCE
Poor bacon :c
Volts dont kill you, AMPS kill you.
Arnold turns into nothing.
These are so awesome 😂
So ehhh Arnold died?
Human rabbid xD
Send Arnold to prison!
why Zues
His finger broke again!
uhhhhhhhhhh
Poor arnold :,(
square tf up plug hole 😩
👍
Subscribe to his Instagram \n“Subscribe” \nBoi
Why the finger
poor arnold
Send Arnold to *Mars*
Was Zeus possessed by Hades?
pOOR DUDE
sub to his insta?
No way
Poor Arnold.
Harry Potter Confirmed
love this show
Subscribe to my Instagram?
poor Arnold
Why does Arnold scream like Rabbids
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa you have only seven videos you DUMB ASS MOTHER FUCKER!\nJk
You can subscribe on Instagram?!
cool
He needs some milk
growing so fast
Stupid plagiate gets more views than original...Stupid world
Meet Arnold.\n\n\n\nOh no.
Fucking plugiate
Arnold you bitch!!
Who do you think did better?!
Why don't you post anymore?! I know it's only been 6 days but I NEED MORE!!! 😩
I know you love luminous finish. Can you please do a tutorial on LA girl HD foundation? Thanks Jacklyn!👍🤗
This is proof girls can do there make up in 10 mins. Why do you take 3 hours
loveeeeeeee! such a good video! 😊💋
Hahah you guys are amazing!!! this made me laugh!!! my honey looked at me like what the hell is wrong with her lol 😂😭
CAN YOU DO A BRATZ DOLL INSPIRED MAKEUP LOOK
10 min makeup is what I do when trying to go to the grocers or get donuts. A good quick Glam look takes a good 30-45 min 😅
And yet teenage girls do this every morning. This seriously reminds me of every single morning on the weekdays
Will you do a comparison of the 35O and 35O2, please.
Does anyone know what brand/ color they used on their lips? I loved both of the colors.
Jaclyn came to win lmfao!!! Love the ninja move😂
Jaclyn can you make a video about your piercings?
All this time she complain about how bad her brows, foundation, etc is... I though it was good. I really need to raise my standard
Love you both!! I’ve been following both of you for years! My favs. Get it girls. 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
Where are Nikki's glasses from?
All of my subscriber are all ready subscribed to her😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Any small YouTubers want to support each other? ❤️
Video was so funny my fav since your drunk one with your other gf 😂❤️ love you always!
Yes .... true beauty guru's ! Ain't nobody got time for drama channels ! Keep it clean !
Saw Nikki. Clicked
Lol Jaclyn is always a mess, so relatable 😂
awwww. i lOve you two togethr!
I loved how Jaclyn sprayed her setting spray 😂
Eeew
OMG I'M SO HAPPY YA'LL COLLABED
this was jokes! Jaclyn did better tho </3 love the both xxx
the glasses!!!
I'm still wondering why they've used stopwatch instead of a timer?
Why did they wait 4 minutes when they could just do the rest of their make up in 6 minutes? 
Honestly this video was hilarious 😂 loved it 😂😂
Nikkie did that!! She kills it on challenges
I'm here for the Queen en Nikkitutorial's 💄👑 someone else?🤔🤗
Nikkie - NO NO NO and NO on the bushy brows!! That was NOT a good look hun!! :(     ... Stick with the gorgeous way you always do them!! :)
Lmao I shit 4 times last night 😂😂😂 that is why I love you Jaclyn!
This video was so funny 😂😂
What color lip is Nikkie wearing? Thanks! Enjoyed this hilarious funny video
Jaclyn looked BEAT TO THE GODS!!! You honestly couldn't tell she spent ten minutes on it.
Get this awesome powerbank lighted #makeup mirror 👉https://goo.gl/HbBDmV
🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😅
Didn't Kuckian predict this...
0:22
👍🏻
what happed to nicki
Nikkie has the best laugh
Anyone Know where Nikkie's top might be from?? It's soo beautiful 😍😭👌🏼
I’m not subscribed to Nikkie! But why does she use that pale foundation stuff?!
This honestly was so hilarious!  Love you both ❤️
And Emily Noel did this in 6 minutes 😂
I NEEDED those bloopers in my life today ❤❤❤
could you not have just done 6 mins when you restarted the timer?????
Hey Guys Check out our new  Video “Interrogation Gone Wrong”  a video about to detectives taking an interrogation way too far https://youtu.be/dOyx0HJwoNc\n               \n                                    - like and subscribe more films and skits to come!!! -\n\n                                                 Also check out my Vlog Channel!!!\n                    -  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUQ-ydMkvZV1fue0J6VB2Mw/
Nikkie, where did you get those sunglasses?? I need them in my life right meow!
Girls, honestly..... Made my freaking night. I have followed both of you for so long and when I saw that you filmed together, I lost my shit.... LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU BOTH SO FREAKING MUCH! 😘😘😘 #inspired
Jaclyn is the kind of person who sits next to you in an exam and panics over everything and ends up stressing you out too xD
Awe, that was so much fun to watch! Thanks for the great entertainment and I feel that in this situation I would be acting just like Jacyln! haha :)
This was effing hilarious I was roaring at the shades bit at the end 😂😂😂😂
Why would anyone collab with Jaclyn anything for views Hill? Ugh next!
omg when the time came up at 3:21 and nicki rolled her tongue she did it so fast I thought it was sped up
Lmfao I love you both so much <3
Jaclyn is so annoying, what’s wrong with her
Nikkie high asf
BITCH I WAS GAGGIG
Love you girls! ❤️
Whats with Jaclyn and primers?
Nikki you look like a geisha hahaha
This was so much fun to watch!!!\n❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
I really like how nikkie's turned out actually, the whole look with the shirt and the earrings and stuff looks fine for me! maybe a little bit more of blending on the eyes and softer brows but thats all!
Omg both of them together 😱😱
hahah that ninja brush! 😂 I need that skill for when I am rushing! hahaa xxxx
Have you tried the too faced peaches and cream foundation?? I would love to know what you think!!!
this is me every morning getting ready for school
That was very hectic lol Jaclyn made me want to rush even though I have nothing to do haha
Loveeeed it. YOU ARE MY FAVORITE!
STOP YELLING YOU'RE STRESSING ME OUT!!! 😆 So much anxiettttyyy LOL
i feel like i have to shit IM SCREAMINGGGG
10:17 so true. she looks full glam and she doesnt even have any eyeshadow lol it was def the lip that did that
I feel like Nikki has seen the blank annoying blank for 4 minutes straight videos on YouTube and I think she's making facial expressions on purpose just so people make videos of her being annoyed by Jaclyn
Such a fun video! ❤️❤️
They are using your face to sell $15 hair extensions on Pinterest. You probably know already but there you go
When you yourself have to do your makeup in 10 mins every Saturday morning for work 😂🤣
 This Bitch needs help. Can't stop laughing
You guys didn't have to wait four minutes! You could've just put a timer for 6 minutes 😂
H I L A R I O U S!!!!
I just love ya😅😂😅😂!
Who shows their hamstrings???? Lmao you guys crack me up!
What about you and Kathleen’s video?
Hi Jaclyn! I'm saving up my money to buy your palette!! I really want it because 1) I LOVE your videos and your one of my favorite youtubers and you have a palette so why would I not want it 2) I've heard SO MANY amazing reviews in it. 💗♥️💋love your videos Jaclyn😍😻😽😘
#Team1994\nTakeoff, Lil Uzi Vert, Justin Bieber and now Nikkie. We da beeest
loved this video
I sooooo want those sunglasses!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Girl where r those glasses from??
Jaclyn didn't do eyeshadow
you guys are amazing!!!!
😂😂😂❤️❤️❤️
Love nikkie! 😍
What lashes did you use @Jaclynhill
Love you guys!!!!
Damn is Nikkie wearing FIVE Cartier bracelets?
I’m just going to unfollow you and unsubscribe from your channel! I used to like you when you created looks. Now, you’re just into drama.. 🙄 I cant stand how your pallet turned you into a whole different person. Just showing off and telling the world you don’t care what they say or think about you.. 🙄
Man this sucks... but what can we do to change it is what we all should be asking
WHAT ABOUT JEWS? Blacks were treated like kings and queens compared to US! This video is fucking racist! I’m flagging it!
College Humor still not producing any humor, I see.
Beta male host is obviously compensating with his grooming choices.
I remember collage humor when there was porn on the main sites front page.
racism is higher than ever before in the united states, and we can all turn and thank the democrats for this. the democrats pitted blacks against whites by telling them all there hardships were the white mans fault, they did this simply to secure the black vote. now blacks feel like they are victims. but it's not just blacks who are victims of oppression the democrats also got gays, Mexicans, and women to feel as though they are being oppressed by the white man.\n this has been happening for well over a decade, and white men are starting to get sick and tired of being blamed for everyone's problems, the democrats used the white man as a scapegoat simply to secure voters. these oppressed people hate white men, and blame all there problems on white men, and white men hate the oppressed just as much if not more for being blamed for everyone's problems.\n the sooner we all stop blaming Whites for everything wrong in this country, the sooner we can all come together as a nation. black communities are  struggling yes, but that's not the white mans fault. Black communities aren't really black communities, if were all being honest there just lower class communities.\n we need to stop using identity politics if we ever want a shot at true equality. you want to know whats really holding black people back in this country? the war on drugs should come to mind. instead of sharing headlines about systematic oppression, use your voice to end the drug war. by punishing the victims of drug abuse you are tearing apart lower income families, when you take away the parents of children in these cities like Detroit where do you think they are going to turn? ill tell you where, there going to turn to each other (gangs).\n if you really want to help black people in this country we have to stop treating them like victims, black people living in the suburbs dont seem to have any of the misfortunes as lower income blacks in the inner city (high crime rate, drug use, unemployment, etc) and thats because systemic racism is a lie. white people living in the ghetto's dont have it any better  than there black neighbors, so please stop making this a race issue. unless you all enjoy Nazi marches in your streets.
yeah, so its systemic racism, no other determining factors, sure liberal agenda, stretching hard to push the white guilt
I live in a suburban neighborhood with a high population of somalian's Hmmmmm.... Gets you thinking..... How much bullshit is in this video
How do I tell the difference between what I consider a valuable source to be and political bias? I consider the lady in the video to be credible. But why do I view her to be credible? Is it because everything in my life has pushed me to believe a certain truth or is it simply because she *is*? What sources should I believe? How do I know to believe someone telling me those sources are reliable? Does every single fact in my life need to be predicated on at least two hours of research in order to know anything?\n\nThis is really frustrating.
If the poor and African Americans were stuck to live in the red houses which were worse, and were hardly given loans, than how did they ever come to own or stay in the houses in the first place?
He got some thick arms
There were actual words spoken and all, but all I heard was; 'WHITE PRIVILEGE! SKREEEEEEECH!'
Why are people going on about white guilt! If you feel guilty, that's on you. These videos fucking suck because the main guy is about as predictable, uncharismatic and unfunny as a character from a shitty sitcom. That being said, the points still stand. You're ability to accrue wealth is positively correlated with your parents wealth when you were a kid. This trend goes backwards to your ancestors. Now, if they got their wealth by unfair means, it's only logical that you're the direct beneficiary of that.
Hey Felix! How’s the Sargeant? :P
Don't people see that there is a cycle here? The red neighborhoods provide less money to their schools, which provides a lower standard of education to the children in that area. Those children are then unable to obtain the skills they need in order to get OUT of that neighborhood, keeping them stuck in poverty. Better education will result in educated citizens who can improve the situation.
Please take Adam off of CollegeHumor, he isn’t funny, it's just agenda pushing.
Please help me what was that I found in my last video
White guilt hard on this video.
unless you live in california suburbs lol
The green lined areas are filled with suckers and sheeple. Live simply. Peace out.
Okay so you presented a legitimate problem, where is your salution? You may have presented it in the actual program, but not here,  why is that?
I want this board game.
Over 20,000 Emo Nazis cried out loud because of this video.
You should remove the Humor from your channel's name since you've already removed it from your videos.
When did this show become an anti white liberal show? I'm not racist but i'm here to watch awesome facts, not liberal protests, anyone can move to the suburbs if they can afford it, ps i am a latino jew
Bruh is this the Dad from dog with a blog
Oh for fucks sake, why do you care where white people choose to live?
Adam... the first man made by Holly Father... ruined everything... wasn't it his girlfriend who trusted a viper snake satan?????
This comment section shows me that everyone in America is racist.
I'm black and I think this is bullshit for self hating cucks
Watch out, this video was posted on the neo-Nazi websites like Daily Stormer and 4chan /pol/. Expect a lot of racism and disagreement in the comments.
Good thing we have these red lines to tell us which people are black so we can discriminate against them.
Ok. This  has holes in it. Lots of holes. I think this was a poorly done episode. And all you commentators screaming lefties just sound mental. I'm qualified as a lefty by today's standards and I don't even agree with the video, so start taking your own advice their peeps.\n\nAs for the video, whites can only be held to what we do today, not what our fathers did 100 years ago. We abolished ALL housing discrimination years ago. It's to the point no one can even ask about crime rates or safety when looking for a house because it would break discrimination laws.\n\nWe also can no longer discriminate on jobs. Meaning everyone has the same playing field when it comes to income. Want proof? Ask any Indian at a big company what they do and how much they make. 90% will say they work in it (programming being the #1 choice) and they all make big $$$$. Blacks, Mexicans, etc. all have the same opportunities as whites.\n\n100, 60, maybe even 50 years ago one could say blacks are stuck in crappy houses, unable to move up. You can even still say older black generations are stuck since they've gone past the point of no return without help from their kids. But you can't say that today's generation is stuck. There's no way. Today everyone has the same opportunities. \n\nA black family wants a house in the good neighborhood? Great! They just have to have the money to get a loan or pay all up front, just like whites have to do. Banks can't deny blacks loans. Jobs can't be denied to blacks. Houses can't deny blacks.  There's absolutely nothing stopping them in today's society. To say there is is to completely ignore all the black family's who have done just that without any issues. \n\nNow may they have to leave their home town? YES! And may they have to better themselves or take jobs they don't want so they can earn  more? YES! But the only ones stopping them at that point is themselves. And that's not something whites or the government can be blamed for. Not to mention whites have to do the same thing. I can't get a good job in my home town, even being white. I had to go to college and move out of the state.\n\nSo I'm sorry but this video left a lot of things out. What's the real reason they can't move up? Blacks can get the same income as whites, so why's the schools really underfunded? It's been how many years since those laws were gotten rid of? So why aren't today's generations able to move out and up (I mean what's really stopping them from moving to another city)?\n\nThis episode just felt like a lot of blaming others for peoples own actions (or lack thereof) and then failing to provide any evidence. Oh and blaming whites for school segregation then failing to prove how blacks are unable to attend the schools despite being given all the opportunities one would need.\n\nAnd no, I wouldn't call all this leftyism or whatever you guys are on about. I'd simply call it Adam failing to back his side of the story.
Look at all the pussyhurt snowflake white boys getting triggered. Go back to safe space, little boys. Sorry your genetically inferior brains can't handle facts.
Where's the humor part of this video?
Isn't this the guy who wrote diary of a wimpy kid book
As an urban planner, I love this vid. I deal with the issues of retail redlining everyday. Well done.
When you say that white privilege exists, people say prove it, but then when it IS proved, they say is bullshit and apart of anti-white propaganda. Blah blah blah, just admit you have white privilege and move on. No one's calling anyone racist or any of that stuff, just things aren't as equal as they claim to be.
Where's the humor you sanctimonious pricks?
What about us townies? Where do we stand mine seems to be in the middle of the zone
It’s not bad to live in a white neighborhood that means you live in a good neighborhood
lol the Gifted progam in BSD is kind if segregated but thats because asian moms make people do math 24/7
Some other video on YouTube: Black people are a bunch of violent thugs and criminals.\nComments: Damn straight! This man tells it like it is!\n\nThis video: Redlining policies were incredibly racist, and the effects of these policies continue to today.\nComments: HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT, YOU ALT-LEFT ANTI-WHITE BETA CUCK SJW LIBTARD! YOU JUST HATE WHITE PEOPLE! STOP MAKING ME FEEL WHITE GUILT, YOU RACIST INTOLERANT ASSHOLE! THE REAL PROBLEM IS THAT BLACK PEOPLE ARE A BUNCH OF VIOLENT THUGS AND CRIMINALS! EVERYONE KNOWS THAT RACISM MAGICALLY DISAPPEARED AFTER THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT!\n\nUgh.
Dog with a Blog
So, does Adam have a solution? Or does he just want white people to feel bad?
I live in a really good town and I’m black. But I realize my elementary school had a lot of black kids but in the other elementary had a lot less. And than in middle school there is a lot of white kids in one and a little less in the other. \n\n\n\n\nThere was 4 elementary schools and 2 middle schools
Yeah come on talk shit about people who have created everything that you happily use now. And yeah of course make everyone feel blamed and uncomfortable, that's definitely gonna help
@(((CollegeHumor))), you lost the meme wars. /Soon/, you will be nothing but a 45th google page result.
If you're white and you're trying to get away from negro violence, there will always be a Jew to keep pushing them closer.
Damn I wish we could go back..
And people wonder why conservatives don't want to give the government more power.
To be fair, that sounds more like privilege than racism.
Yet again the left ignores the fact that white people are not the most affluent people in the U.S.  Asians are, whether they're from India or China.  When you ignore basic facts to push your ideology, you're dangerous.\n\nThis self-flagellation by white people is really pathetic.
So uh... where's the humor?
It sucks to be black.
I see all these butthurt retards hating on this video because they can't accept nor dispute genuine facts.
I love adam ruins everything, only the adventures of kin jong ill was better
Damn Adam really ruins everything. I wouldn't be surprised if this segment/show get cancelled. So much truth told. Lol
Black people are stupid, white people are mostly smart except for them, who agrees with me?
Ah, I like when these shorts from the episode include the 'what you can do' bit but this one didn't.\nI don't understand why anyone would want to live in a suburb though.\nI grew up in the country, then lived in college dorms, and now a sub. \nAnd I'd take the screams of freshman running down the street at 2am and the wolf spiders coming in from the woods as the weather changes over the judging eyes of people who water their grass.
I love how they pull this in comedy knowing no one will fact check any of their blatant lies. Stick to comedy CH.
Blacks have no right to white resources
Racism now means white with good job
I Wish this TV show would go back to the way it was in the first season.
Umm.....nevermind.  This is wrong in so many ways it's disgusting.
So what Adam tries to say is that just because u're white u get a privilege and u should be ashamed of it ? \njust because U 're an American/European you get the luxury  of indulging in what colonized countries were deprived of ? \nYou should be ashamed for being born lucky ?
And this is why I want to leave America, Racism
suburbs are nicer because white people live there. It makes perfect sense for them to want to keep it that way. When blacks move in, things get worse. Higher crime, more litter, cruelty to animals etc. Every spot on the earth with a high concentration of blacks ends up full of chaos and destruction. Probably just a coincidence though
This is not the suburbanites fault. Being white is fine
the inequality between people based on skin colour is sickening. our prejudice against everything we don't understand and thus fear is a sign we aren't as intellectually evolved as we like to think. i hope more people become aware of how hard it is for others who aren't born into such a so called privileged race and move to change things for the better for everyone.
It's time to leave Los Angeles and open your eyes. Go to Central New Jersey and observe that it is almost a diaspora of India at this point. New single family, residential neighborhood homes are purchased by Indians. Older homes are bought by Indians. The only thing resembling the past history of towns and the people living there before them are the street names. There is no discrimination. There is no unfairness. Generous chain migration policies have allowed the better off poor from India to immigrate here with extended families down to the uncle's wife and children.
Most of the comments I’m reading are from people getting defensive or guilt ridden.  Why is that?  Only thing that makes sense is people hate when a magnifying glass is shown on history.  Face it, history is ugly.  Just don’t fucking deny it.  You should embrace it, just like some would have others do with those confederate statues.
Classic Adam video, naming some negative aspects of something, blaming the people who do it, but don't deliver a solution.\nTell us, how we can fight this segregation, how we can support schools and improve the situation.\n\nAll we know now, is that suburb communities have a racist background. It wouldn't be a solution to stop using the homes and reducing the prices of the houses will propably fail. \nSo what should we do?
Where's the humour?
There are a lot of illogical assumptions here that is funny and sad to watch. Only question is what was the racial demographics  in the US when suburbs (in the 20's-30's) were founded.
There is nothing wrong with being white. Don't let CollegeHumor tell you otherwise.
That guy got put in a situation where there is nothing for him to do but feel bad.
YIPPY! BECAUSE I'M WHITE, I'M RICH!!!!\nOh wait - My family was still in Ireland during this time...\nDAMN YOU MULTIPLE WHITE FACTIONS BEING LUMPED INTO A SINGLE UNIT!
The Disturbing History of the Suburbs
you know, some dipshit is going to use this for race bait, and also I'm white, and my wife is Latino and she gets a better loan rates than me.
Always good to see people with white pride crying, yelling
According to the comments, facts and history are anti-white racism.
The only things holding black people back is themselves. Its the culture. The sooner you realise this the sooner they can grow along with the country. Stop the thug life bullshit and praising criminals, take responsibility for your own actions and take charge of your life. If black people just stopped being duped and screwed over by the Democrats and took on the conservative lifestyle (be an individual, try your best to succeed, work towards making your life what you want it to be, be a productive member of society) you would finally see some changes. First things first, stop blaming other people for your problems and work on yourself. Notice that the majority of white people have this trait and this is solely why they have the best societies in the world to live in. Be the change.
I wonder what the correlation is between the suburban White Flight of the 50's and 60s, and the division in our country today.
I wonder.... Does CollegeHumor have multiple accounts thumbing this video up?\n\nThis video is so misinformed on its own research that it's actually kind of painful.\n\nBut if CollegeHumor had multiple accounts this would explain a lot of things. \n\nBecause it takes a lot to disguise a steaming turd to look like a hot fudge sundae.... Or are people just getting stupider?.... Or is it both?
It sounds like the first step is to fix school funding. Stop funding a school based on its adjacent taxpayers, but pool every contribution by taxpayers in a county and distribute the funds proportionally based on student population.
Why is this so true here in Sweden?
I'd love to find out where the people who made this video live. I'd bet my life it's not in the middle of black neighborhoods but in almost entirely white communities.
The white guilt bullshit needs to end
❤ your tie
R u guys gay?
is this funny?
vaya es justo ver que los gringos no se escapan de los niveles de existencia.
Tell this to asian immigrants who came to this country with nothing and worked 3 jobs to send their kids to university. Look at families that believe in identity politics and those that believe in hard work and I'll bet you find one is a lot more successful
FDR enacted redlining...\nRedlining is racist...\nFDR WAS RACIST!!!
Muh white genocide!
Adam ruins fat white fags.
I love videos like this. It increases white nationalism. Please do continue. We're growing so fast and we have stuff like this to thank.
All Black neighbourhood= good\nAll White neigbourhood = racist
Where's the humor?
I see fire in ex🔥
The best rap in the world Are you agree with me ?
Before 1 M
Write time but wrong place. I'm just misunderstood.
This is Beach House  shit i luve it!!!
I'm here for yg shit🔥
I love how ty used 112 s beat,I've been singing this to my baby mom.😂😂😂😂
Precentw mexico
Here before 634k views
Here before a Millli !
Mixing henny with the Bombay🔥
.
💖
Salve Brasil na área!!!
I love Ty dolla signs voice
No one's gonna say shit about the fact that there's *73 Missed Calls*
The beat sounds like Only You by 112 bad boy remix and it makes me like it even more
I been getting  money 4 ways
The wallper looks like one álbum of WINNER .-.
i miss my ex
Not sure if this a reach but I feel like Ty is our generations Nate Dogg... OG flex but smooth with the vocals
Here Before a Million👋🏻❤️
My time I liked to get like plz
Your ex is getting dick downed real good right now while you're all sad and shit. Move on she isn't worth the waste of time
I don't know why this beat sounds like rappers delight to me
Tune - 90's hiphop style may be the next big wave. but does the bass sound a bit distorted ?
If you got a main chick at home,  and yo ex gf is still entertaining you she's one dumb broad
ty dolla killing it
Knock knock..
i really like your video and i want to buy your album @tydollasign
Lil Rim me
Fuck it upppp ty 👅🔥🔥🔥
Ty$ really smoooov
issaaa vibee
112-Only You
Taylor gang
Another sample smh
pusssy
❤❤❤❤🔥🔥🔥🔥
https://youtu.be/OAOIrb72zm8
Yes lawd! Lls
EASY 10 MILLON VIEWS
Want to earn $100+ ONLINE? \nIt’s easy!! Just click this link below👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼\n> http://qjniredrrozo.bid/8502591220473/ <\nSign up and start making MONEY NOW!
Man, this is so fuckin' sick, love it <3
Am I the only one here because of Sc’s MTV story?😂 good song thoo 🔥
Room 112 is where the players dwell.
Here before I million 🔥🔥🔥
This shits nice asf🔥 but........ The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal bodeboop
I have no ex and I don't have a gf at the same time so what can I do? Lol
wait till ya'll hear this song https://youtu.be/ymb0CbWVbCM
R KELLY 12 PLAY WITH THE 4 PLAY
This like a next-too close sample?  Goddamn fire from this nigga 24/7... 🔥👲🏽
Is Chris Brown, the man he scream?
My baby at it again with an amazing new song 😍😍❤❤😽😽
This beat reminds me of an old song
YG #4HUNNIDGANG love from New Zealand WOOP WOOP
@CalvinHarris
Stupid
This beat hit harder than my step dad!!!👍🏻👍🏻
321 dislikes rn does that mean we about to hit 0 next?! :)
YG needs some beats from me because my beats will change your future
You know if dolla n yg on it it's finna bang
this new song is super hot.......watch   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEW9fDanoM4
This song sucks. No offense. Why tf did I get a notification for this? I'm not even subscribed. And this was uploaded a few days ago. Wtf
This is fucking garbage. What the fuck happened to music?
Yg get yo lazy ass up in drop some hot shit it been almost 2 years my boy
That 112 only you remix bass
Yg Killed this
Wtf YG 😒
Sample da musica Gabriel o Pensador - 2345meia78, Salve Brasil kkkkkjkjk
3ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODROGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOERYYYYYYYYYYYYYDIER5555555555555555555
Givin me them ol 90 vibes love it
Who here cuz of YG? 💯😈
🔊🔊🔊
112 - Only You (Ft Biggie Smalls & Mase) You're welcome
TY  !
Can't wait for English version to come out
🔥💦🌊https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-67PDjBiF4&t=11s🌊💦🔥
73, kappa in the chat 12 year old losers
Harlem knights sunshine bad boy ish\n:Mike Mad GA
Ty😍😍😍🤤🤤🤤🤤♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Notorious & 112 Only you remix
on repeat
╔══╗\n╚╗╔╬╗\n─║║║║\n─╚╬╗║\n──╚═╝
Yea yea grifindors🍁🔥
Flava rite hear
really ?
🌋
Loveer
https://www.streetbangaz.org
Lauren's boo
the beat doe 👌🏼
B I G bassline ! on fireeeee LOL
‼️🔥
1st time hearing this.
BAD BOY!
Ja viciei 😻
yg👌👌🏿
RIP Biggie
2pac would killed this shit , gfunk vibes
Where is this week's video.... wtf
When the brawny man outfit makes him look like the kind of man that can make an honest woman out of ANYONE!
hahaha i'm canadian n i've never hear the term canadian tuxedo I'M DYING WHAT DOES THAT MEAN
Oh and Julian. I love your beard. Fuck mean people lol. wait. Not literally...
omg does anyone know where she got those sunglasses from???!! i neeeeeed them
Julian...let me trim your beard and taper it to your hair! I'm a barber.. And I just want to trim you up and shave !
Does anyone know if Jenna still smokes, or did she quit? + Proof?
Is jenna going to space😂
Why are both of you so hot?!
Lmao I can't with the D'angelo !!! 😂
Explain why there is no new video for this week out right now.
Please try to put fake eyelashes on your dogs, they can wear them as lashes or eye brows if you don’t want them to get too close to their eyes!
This video made me laugh so freaking hard 😂😂😂😂
He's an amazing Shane Dawson imatator y'all should colab
He protecc \nHe attac \nHe has irish green soap in his fanny pacc
Omg I love his lil Sebastian shirt from Parks and Recreation.
THREE LOOKS, THREE LOOKS THREE LOOKS, THREE LOOKS..... \nTHREE LOOKS, AND THAT'S IT.
The music omggg😂😂😂😂  how does it feeeell  I'm dead😂😂
I love Jenna so much. If you didn’t know her, you wouldn’t know she’s famous by looking at her. She doesn’t wear the “trendy” clothes, and she has her own ideas. She shaves off her eyebrows and has so many different videos. In fact, she declines so much money every day. Have you ever seen her in a trailer or on a cover of a magazine? She doesn’t use her popularity to gain money (yeah, she gets money from YouTube, but she needs to make a living) and she doesn’t use her popularity to get free things. Her videos are never sponsored, and she’s just perfect every way. \nI love Jenna so much.
He's untrollable! How does all that look so good on him?!
I love the way they look at each other ... #relationshipgoals #goals \nnever found Julian attractive before but danm Jenna you a lucky girl
I love these longer videos ❤️❤️
i just noticed that Julien's mic is sticking out of his shorts and now that's all I can look at - EEEHHHH BBY
Jenna needs to shave part of her head.
At 7:06 he looks like a skinny version big my dad😂😂😂
Where's the new video
You and Bunny have the same jacket now 👌🏻
* whispers * G e t m a r r i e d
Check out my DRUNK DRAWING video please! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_PYhfsPS0Q
i have been born and raised in Canada and i don't think I've ever chopped wood in my life
Hahaha love it!! I swear your videos are the only ones that make me genuinely laugh! I think it’s coz me and my husband act the same as you and julien do hahaha
*is stressed*\n*Julien has cheerios in his fanny pack*\n*stress disappears*
I just watched your Miley Cyrus Halloween and I miss your really long video descriptions
Mold a Kermit out of Irish spring soap!
I need a Julien who doesn't breathe as loud as this one
🙋🙋🙋 When will your merch be up again?? 💙🔥😊
moooom, daaaaaad, these are my parents, hey mom, dad ma name IS BABY OTTT
There must be something wrong with my phone. I can’t see the second outfit? Help?
Not even 5 seconds into the video\n\n\n\n\n\n*AHW HAELL YEH*
3:36
Bring Corn back please!!!
full face of fake eyelashes
please buy eachother halloween costumes for a vid
hell yeah
JENNA!!! PLEASE DO MORE JENNA'S RATCHET: FASHION BOUTIQUE?!?!?!?!?!?
I GOT THREE LOOKS!!!!
Jenna looks like a pimp pampering her bitch 😂😂😂😭😭💘
Please do this \nhttps://www.instagram.com/p/BYvx_-bBoFJ/
THE FLANNEL DOE
This is amazing 👌🏻😂
BYE BYEEE LIL SEBASTIAN
Fuck Trump\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS8VHgXFF_k&t=1s
Funniest video omlllll
*IT'S PAPER  TOWELS*
Um....Julian is actually my dad 😂
take off the series about your dogs, while voice them with julian
I hope they're together forever
The blue shirt + khakis = maximum dad mode.\n\nThat, and if the shirt was darker, Julien would look like he worked at Best Buy.
I'm a Russian girl and I want Julian even without a European suit😦😻
shes doing something with lush i know it
Jenna makes me want to start doing videos but I have no fucking idea how lmao 😅😂
lumberjack julien
Byeee BYeeeeee Lil Sebastiannnnn!!!!
Hi world :)
Dad is so hawt.
Why is there not a “what your pubic hair means” video? 🤔
wHY DOES HE LOOK SO GOOD IN EVERYTHING, I CAME HERE TO LAUGH NOT FEEL EVEN MORE SELF CONSCIOUS WHAT THE FUCK\n\nBTW Jenna honey that jacket looks so fucking good on you queen
Just another example of how Jenna sucks at pranks...
Hahahahaha this video is life
This just made my day so much better 😭😂🙌🏻
i'm gonna wear it 9 out of 10 days a week
Honestly, I know he's just being weird but it annoys me that he stretched out the polo.
What is the size of your bed?
NO DORITOS JUST TACOS NO \n\n\nI WISH I WAS JOKING BUT MY FRIEND FROM HIGH SCHOOL MADE THAT SONG AHHHHHHH
Do a bath bomb review but like 100 bath bombs all at once
I haven't worn color in SO long... Sweet FP buddy!
They are perfect. They are goals. Watching them function and mesh so perfectly together is heartwarming. There are no 2 ppl more perfect for each other man...💜💙
he looks like Alan from the hangover in the tiger shirt, sooooo funny!!!!!
Julien looks like the guy from LMFAO
Dear Jenna,thank you for what you do, your videos always manage to lift my spirits, you always inspire me to do what you really want and not be afraid to pursue their dreams and desires, you and Julien make this world brighter and happier!!! You did a video where I read your evil comments, you want to make a video where you read nice comments about yourself?
I'm crying laughing... Julien in that Dad outfit!!!!! This is the best
It's easy to look good when you are good looking in the first place
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE JENNA GOT HER SUNGLASSES FROM ? Sick af
ladies *[tips hat]* can you tell me where the men are
Not gunna lie Julien looks awsome in that dad outfit.
*Sexual Wednesdays indeed*
❤
😂😂😂
Russia love u❤️
A+++++++ bitch. 🐯
lol
10/10 😂 those khaki's
LOL!!!!!
WHY DA FUCK JULIEN LOOKS LITERALLY LIKE MY STEPDAD????!!
Julien is so cute
RIP L'il Sebastian x
LMAO this was some funny shit.
We sold our company😂😂😂
waiting for Jennas new vid like......😴
He is definitely gay. His mannerisms and voice is camper than a row of tents.
Hi guys!! Will be starting Accutane on Oct 12 (assuming all goes well with lab results on the 11th) and will be having the acne story video coming the following week! I'll be documenting each month on Accutane & filming update videos, etc. This video was pre-filmed, so I ended up being able to get about 2 months of Foundation Friday videos pre-filmed in time before starting Accutane- yay! xx
How i got here beats me lol. Im a guy and never had any acne. But she seems so professional that i stayed to watch just cause. Cheers, hope you all have a good day and the accuthing works for you!
Best of luck with Accutane! I really hope it works out well for you!
I've heard dairy can be a big cause of acne not sure much about it but you may look into it
I was on accurate for 6th months and it was all worth it !! looking forward to your journey! best of luck :) also CeraVe is great for moisturizer as well as the cleanser for dryness (dryness will be insane)
You look better without that lip ring
literally the only opinion I actually trust
This is my favorite drug store foundation ever. I just have to make sure I use a good primer.
I love the colors, its hard to find a light shade with yellow in it. But it's overall just okay to me, I have foundations that look better on the skin and have better coverage like the elf acne fighting foundation in porcelain, which is too neutral so I mix in some of the milani 001 vanilla shade.
Accutane worked wonders for me. I had horrible, painful cystic acne, went on it when I was 16 and haven't had a major breakout since (I'm now almost 33). The only time I had an acne breakout again (and this one was much less severe than when I was a teenager) was shortly after I gave birth to my son and my hormones were out of whack.\n\nI will say that it sucks while you're on it. Everything is dry. My lips were so cracked and bleeding, but it really does work amazingly well.\n\nGood luck Taylor! I hope it works as well for you as it did for me!
Good luck with accutane ! Very exciting ,, I did it 13 years ago when I was 20,, was the last and final resort I had cystic acne also..I did six months yea the nausea was hard but was worth it . My skin has never flared up since just hormonal flare up for thag time of the month. And I do agree ur skin does switch to dry my skin is very very dry . But I have no regrets ,, good luck on your progress . You will love ur results. Don't give up everyone is different . It helped me. The first week or so is hard you will flare up cuz it's bringing everything to the surface and yes you will be dry and your lips will crack but remember it's temporary ! It will pass stay strong and don't give up and finish your treatment fully 😊
I have oily skin and I use sand beige works well for me I set it with the air spun powder and it doesn’t break down for me
I used acutane when I was 20, best medicine I ever used because it made my bad acne go away forever. Although I did have to get blood tests every month or week I forget. It was that powerful. I'm glad I used it though and hope all goes well with you
Wow you have the prettiest eyes! 👀
I hate this foundation. The same thing happened to me with it breaking down and looking very cakey. So many people raved about it but it was a big fail for me.
Oh HELL TO THE FUCK NAWW!!! GUYS PSA: FIRST DATE , TAKE THAT BITCH SWIMMING IN A HEAVILY CHLORINATED POOL!.\nMAKE UP IS SCARY AF!
Accutane was the best thing to happen to me! I felt like I looked like a completely different person once my face cleared up.
Huge question. Does applying makeup like your video increase skin irritation? I have a daughter that is starting to learn makeup and is having some minor skin issues. Thanks
I'm so happy for you that you are finally going to try Accutane. You do whatever you gotta do and if any body doesn't like it, they can fuck off because it's not their life or really their business.
I’m so excited for you! I really hoped Accutane works for you!
I did about 3 months of accutane when I was 19, about 4 years ago. The prescribing dermatologist recommended that I use cetaphil/cerave face wash, a good moisturizer, and CHAPSTICK. Tayla, my lips were constantly peeling. My acne was pretty well gone in three months and I only struggle with hormonal break outs monthly now (they are very minimal). I am so excited that you get to do this, I hope it works well for you and enjoy the results! I think I was still able to wear foundation during accutane, so I hope you can, too, if you want to! <3 <3
Selfish comment alert: My skin has recently gone from combo/oily to dry after finishing accutane 2 months ago and I'm excited to see some videos from you on product recommendations for dry skin! ;)
tried this a few weeks ago when i realized they had a shade that would match.. anyone else have a really terrible reaction to this? man!  im 99% sure that i had an allergic reaction to this (as i cant think of what else it would be) and got almost a rash of breakouts AFTER ONE USE. im guessing it was fragrance. but even if i didnt have a bad reaction, the complaints you had were the same for me; although not as much it did last longer through the day bc i set it w powder (which looked heavy)
I had bought these foundations in desperation to find great coverage for my skin color. Also cuz tati raved about it. I work as a nurse pouring sweat running around and by 8hrs my makeup on my cheeks was off and it looked like I used  cooking spray on my face. Loreals pro-matte infallible  is fantastic for my oily skin. That's the first ever cheap foundation that stayed put thru humidity,sweat and oil. My makeup was still on and my t zone wasn't bad😆
i LOVE how involved you are with your audience! I really feel the effort you put into these videos. I love how you're constantly switching things up and asking what we think and taking our thoughts into consideration. You are and will always be the most attentive and caring youtuber ever! And my favorite 💕 Love ya! #SnapFam #Baeritto
Just want to say that Walmart has ooA :)
my skin was so incredibly oily before accutane that even though i was on a high dose my skin never even got dry, just normal. i never peeled or anything lol. now my skin is moderately oily and it was the best decision ive ever made. good luck on accutane i hope everything goes well for you! stay hydrated and take fish oil!
I wish you well on the accurate journey! You're gorgeous already, I have a good feeling it's gonna work out lovely for you :)
Hey Taylor! \nWas wondering if you could do a review of a new drugstore makeup brand that just hit my Walmart shelves called found cosmetics it's supposed to be an all natural eco friendly brand! Would love to see your thoughts on it! Love you!
Hi Taylor. This isn't makeup related and I know you don't like to make personal videos but I was wondering if you have any remedies or suggestions for my sister's migraines. She got a really bad one today and I feel so bad not being able to help her.
Glad to see a negative review on this foundation. I have combo skin. No breakouts or issues typical combo. I tried this so many times before I tossed. It looked like crap around my nose. Made my pores look huge no matter what primer and broke down in my t zone.
The edit on the display image tho...bad
i wish ypu well with your treatment. my daughter did the Accutane treatment. it worked but only temporarily and her skin was incredibly sensitive- even the skin on her hands. out of absolute desperation, she finally went oil free vegan, eating veg, fruit, seeds, nuts, and grains. bingo....took about 2 months, but she's nearly flawless now.
You have beautiful eyes
Bummer you didn't like this foundation... It's my favorite drug store full-coverage foundation for my combo/dry skin.  I always set it with translucent powder and a setting spray... but it wears all day for me until I take it off.
I like the idea to use primer on only half of your face. I've used a number of foundations that don't work well with certain primers or look better without any primer at all.
Thank you for all of the hard work and dedication you do for your fans. I love listening to your voice,it calms me down when I'm having an anxiety attack.
Please do a video on how you whiten your teeth. They are WHITE Im a coffee lover like you and I need to know!!!
Hey Thataylaa, I just wanted to say that I love your videos and I appreciate you helping us, acne prone skin sisters out with our foundation choices. I was wondering if you would be able to review the 100 pure 2nd skin foundation? I love the ingredients but I'm not quite sure how well it does with coverage and wear time. I have similar past acne marks like you. Thanks and wishing you an awesome week! 💕
I was on accutane for 6 months about a year an a half ago and I honestly think it permanently damaged my skin.. good luck and I hope you get good results! And moisturize moisturize moisturize!!!
Thank you for all of your hard work! We appreciate the dedication you put in and it's one of the (many) reasons we love you.
Revlon color stay powder usually makes any shitty foundation stick all or most of the day for my oily skin.
Taking Accutane was one of the best things I did. It's been over 5 years and my skin is still pretty clear!
I was talking about this to a friend of mine who was on accutane and she told me it made her super dry “down there”. I don’t know, I thought that was an interesting side effect I’d never heard of
Will you please do a review on The Balm’s Even Steven whipped foundation. The jar looks so tiny, but it’s supposed to be super full coverage.
I have normal skin with an oily tzone and I've tried this foundation a couple times. It felt disgusting within 2 hours.
Hi from NZ!! First off can I say that you are an absolute inspiration to all those who suffer with acne. You are incredibly beautiful and I hope all goes well with the accutane. I went on isotane (very similar) and I went off due to some emotional side effects but hey everyone is different😊 My advise is pretty much the same as most people: A good lip balm and moisturizer is everything:)  Good Luck.
This is why we have trust issues
Accutane cured me but it took 3 trials for me. Each time the acne was less and so were the sides (good luck with accutane during cold winter months). First my Chest acne was cured, second try my back was cleared and finally after my final try my face was cleared. It took me 2.5 years to fully get over acne at the ripe age of 23 lol. Even my scars have healed I'm 26 now. Tanning helps with the scars.
I actually spotted the shades 00A and 00B at my local Walmart. They seem to have more of a selection than any other Walmart I've been to lol
Can you add the Ellis Faas Skin Veil Foundation to one of your Foundation Fridays or 15 DoF?  Wayne Goss mentioned it, but I don't trust anybody else, lol!
Because I was a grease bomb, Accutane only made my skin normal out. However, it made my lips chapped af. It might make you a bit miserable, but stick with it! It is 1000000% worth it!
well milani is geared toward people of color so they probably actually didnt see a need to make light shades
Have you tried drinking a table spoon of apple cider vinegar twice a day? It really helped me out with my skin problem. Of course my skin didn't clear up the next day, but it took a week before I show a little sign of progress. And boy was it great.
Not sure if comments are a zero sum game, but came back to leave another comment just to say, TAYLOR YOURE DOING AMAZING SWEETY. #GoodVibesOnly 🖤
What I don't like about foundations is they don't have a fair peachy color. Phycians formula had a foundation powder a long time ago in that color but stopped making it. Nothing matches my skin.
Why do white chick's have such bad acne
And this is why guys say make up is false advertising.
makes you wounder if she would not cake on the make up for a week if here acne would lighten up
OMG the amount of Mansplanning on this video in the comments is ridiculous.....Taylor I am so sorry that this still goes on. I love that people would assume that you have not looked at many options and figured out for yourself as an adult what is best for you. Crazy. I also love that people complain about makeup when they clicked on a makeup review. LOL crazy.
Accutane is seriously worth it. There will be scaring but it will go away with time. But it’s one of the best decisions a person with acne can make.
I hope the accutane works for you ! I know it must be so hard and frustrating ! make sure to take care of yourself drink water, rest, relax and watch what you eat. Good luck ! I know your skin will clear up by the new year for sure !
Pleeeeease do a review on No. 7 makeup. They also have an app to find your perfect color but wanna see how it wears.
Wishing you the very best. \nGod Bless You young Lady
Nothing like pounding 5g of makeup to your face
Watch and Love all your videos! 🌯💕
I have super dry/eczema skin and this foundation works for me.
I have oily combo skin also and it looked just as bad on me as it did on you. I hated it, I looked like I was melting. Lol
I'm a guy, I feel like having a layer over your face would feel soooo uncomfortable.
this foundation works really well with light baking with Coty Airspun powder in your T-Zone💙💙💙 love you!
Heal first!!
Reasons why I have trust issues always take your date to the pool
Disgusting
*BEFORE* 🤢🤢🤢🤢 \n\n\n*AFTER* 😳😳🤔🤢
Have you tried Curology?
Omg. All these people who have never had cystic acne giving “advice” on how to get rid of it. \nI’ve had cystic acne since I was 13. Here’s the list of things I’ve tried to get rid of it. No soda, no dairy, no gluten, no sugar, no caffeine .  For a year. Every prescription drug except accutane. Salicylic acid, benzoyl peroxide, no makeup, working out 3x a week for a year, more sleep, more water. I did all organic food with no processed foods and no dairy for 3 weeks. (The ultimate reset) \nGuess what. I still have cystic acne. I am now 44 and am considering doing accutane, even though I’m terrified of the side effects. Nobody who hasn’t dealt with this for most of their life gets to have an opinion on what will get rid of it. \nGood for you, Taylor. I hope it works well for you.
This bitch is fake af
Lmao and you think covering your zits with shit makeup is going to help NOT dumb video
Girl u need to detox and a doctor. Not no make up make up make it worst
Girl get a tan
I think that make up is messing with your acne .. but you're still Beautiful
Damn. From Freddy Kruger to ru Paul in   An instant. Good job.
Thank god you're finally doing something about it, all these damn foundations don't help.
This why you go to the water park on the first date
Have u ever tried face wash and proactive?
This makeup clears up your acne? If not you should moisturize and use sea salts.
Cut the dairy and sugar out of your diet. Add some leafy greens, fuck acutane.
Yo, what's all over your face
Just stop putting on makeup until your face heals ffs. Nobody cares how it look ffs. I guess I get it for special occasions like black tie events or weddings.
Whoa! Makeup really changes a person!
FAAAAKKKE
Listen young Millennials Males. These females are in disguise. They are wearing masks both literal and figurative. Make sure you know who you are getting tangled up with before getting in deep or you'll be stuck In a nightmare with a narcissistic Streg!!\n\nGo listen to a song by Billy Joel. Older song called The Stranger. You've been warned.
I love it when you fugly bitches try to hide your acne with makeup , fucking pizza face hoe stop trying to hide your puberty complexion 😜😂
Omg the deception
That went 0-100 real quick
Makeup is great and all but I think it does more harm than good. Sure it may cover up what you believe to be major imperfections but it damages the skin even more. \n\nHonestly I’d suggest to women that use makeup to first drink at least a gallon of water a day, wear sunscreen in the morning, try not to eat foods that are really oily, and moisturize after your bath/shower. It’s troubling to see what some women have to go through everyday to feel confident in themselves. \n\nIt may sound cliche but guys appreciate it when women don’t wear makeup. Unless of course you’re doing it for yourself, that’s cool too...
i got 500th dislike wooo
Good god is she ugly
The bottom of your face looks like cottage cheese.
Wait isn't the main reason for having her skin like that is because she's using way too much makeup...??
Her hair is usually on point but THIS wig is a NOPE!
That man don't want full custody of that child he just wants to get at Keyshia to hurt her because he's hurt that she don't want his lying, cheating bum ass no more and she's over it. Keyshia not gone let him have full custody and take her child. That child is just $$$ signs to him. She's already being fair with him which some men don't even get, now he's being greedy. What a way to treat a woman after she let you live in her house when yo ass had nowhere to go and you cheated on her, but she still had heart enough to not want to see you on the street, and this how you repay her🤦🏾‍♀️. Karma is a bitch in the end.
Brooke how can u be booby bff and u never had a relationship as an Aunty figure to his child? Very odd.
That hair🤔😑
Her hairstyle overshadowed her ☹️
Keyshia Cole is a dime. But she's wearing a Darth Vader helmet hair hat!\nHer hair stylist should be tarred and feathered!\nShe looks like a 50's pornstar that sucks dicks on roller skates beside juke boxes.
0:49  girl in pink dress so pretty lol
I love keyshia but this hair is not it. It looks dry and old
She need to throw that wig away looking like Frankie 😩
All the wigs in the world and this is one we pick
For one, who the heck is Boobie? And two, why is his name Boobie? 😂 😂
Guess SHE NEEDS a second season on that garbage show love & hip hop ! This will be her STORYLINE ! Smh
Get jhene aiko on th real!' Make her talk. Too!!
Keisha’s hair...🤦🏾‍♀️
These wigs, that she only wears to the real is so bothersome, last time her wig was hideous
she has feelings for that man still.
Y'all are so beautiful and I look up to you and we share laughs
Love Keish She is about her child and he is #1 in her life.
This conversation is stupid like why should she care this was really a waste of time next
That wig makes me angry
Her bangs are too low; you can hardly see her eyes. How does that not annoy her?!?
She is beautiful  but I need to see her face, she need a better stylist
He is a good daddy
So let me see she took care his ass wen he lost his nba job n cheated on her n still took care him while he was so called gettn his rapp career on .and he got nerve to fight her for custody .how he plan to take care of his child with no income...... Oh wait let me guess he  want that keshia money .lmao smh boy bye grow up get a job split custody of child n be on your way !!!!! She aint buggn u for nun be with who u wana be wit n just co parent rightfully  like half the world does .or should in that matter .lbvs
If we only would have gotten 10% of this Keyshia on the show.....
I think Keyshia is bringing her own style...even if the wig is big, it wasn't ugly especially on Keyshia
She looks different these days skin color wise
Don't like her hair it looks too much.. wig
I don’t think she’s over Gibson 🤔
I have no respect for Brooke. She stay dealing with a married man!!
I love that she's coming out her shell more!
whats going on with the hair keyisha
That damn wig make her look like she just turned 70
wth is on her head?
she regret putting him on the show Keisha Cole you a strong women
I luv u keyshia what's going on with the hair
Keyshia Cole is so real, she needs her own show again.
I love Keyshia but that hairstyle doesn't suit her well.
I didn't even recognize her
I like Keyshia, but someone needs their a** whooped for putting that Elvira wig on her head. Most of the season, she's been giving me Morticia Addams teas. Wtf?!
That wig...ohhh god. Let's try again.
Love me some Miss Cole  <3♡♡
Keyshia girl. Why is your bang so thick? The whole wig overall really. It's swallowing your whole face. Can't barely see your eyes.
I love Keyshia Cole but baby she needs a better hairdresser. 🙅
That’s hair on Keisha 😮 um
SORRY.... But gurlll tht WIG doesnt want to do her job on u gurll..
I still laughing at Jeanies corny ass dancing when she comes out
I love keyshia but gurrrrl this wig😔😔😔 no ma'am
Short and to the point
There's a person named boobie?!?! Omg 😂😂😂😭
Oh Keisha you are with Floyd...leave Booby alone
She reminds me of this gay chick who hit on me a few years ago, I regret not trying it, she was sexy
It's funny Boobi and Brooke felt the need to get closer on Love and HipHop. Sooo there wasn't an incline of sexual feelings between them before and during k and B's marriage?\nHhhmmm..ok....\n..random
I clicked when I saw that wig! Damn that's horrible
Keyshia is so bitter 😑
they need to start posting full shows clips suck
Omg i so just thought this was k Mitchell smh
Who did her hair like that??
That wig or whatever on top of KCole Head looks crazy!
Damn keyshia hair ugly
Beautifully stated!!
Wtf is wrong wit Keysha hair
Tf her wig doing??? 👀
ytf she up there lookin like Judy Jetson
she said brooke valentime
YOU ARE DEAD
“No” lol
Keisha hair, ni hao kylan -ish
Keisha baby, who's your stylist?
I agree with Keyshia Cole 100%
Love lonis jet black hair 😍😋
That hair though.
Her hair 🤢
LooooooooooVvvvvvvvveeee Keisha💚💚💚💚💚
Her wig tho lol
Ikr keyisha u don't got one wit my child. So basically Brooke Whoooo #Ooooh lls
Did Loni just say Brooke ValentiME? 😑
Keyshia, I love you. But you gotta fire your makeup artist and hair stylist. 🤦🏾‍♀️
Keyshia hair is cute 1:12 ❤️ hair behind her ears 😍😍
Those bangs ugh\nI cant see Keyshia's pretty face
Boobie doesn't want full custody, he just wants that spousal support and if he gets custody it'll be ammunition. Smh, SAD.
LOOKS SOOOOOOMUCH LIKE K. MICHELLE
Valentime Loni, Really?  I'll bet you celebrate Valentimes day also.
nah I can't..you seriously have to know who you're having a child with.
Keisha kole is really not as intelligently sophisticated in her communication as i thought. She sound like shes slow asf w a hidden clingy demeanor. # unmasked
+The Real Daytime come on now I don't even cable right now I have basic channels so I won't be able to watch the show on VH1 or in the daytime because I'm in school... and I was really looking forward to Girl Chat atleast... and this week we've only been getting one girl chat a day I atleast wanted two ?
That hair looks like it’s overwhelming her head but I agree with her on the custody thing. I’m shocked she’s being so damn mature about it, if only all parents were that way
Her skin becomes so white 😐😐
So we not talking bout her hair !  Im getting distracted by it
Ewww  I can't stand this talentless bitch!
How y'all manage to butcher her name when it's literally right in y'all face?  🤔
That Wendy Williams wig is a no Keyshia...😐😒
She looks so much like K Michelle here
I have a sister that looks like Keyshia!!
Call me a heater but Keisha Cole's jet black hair is what made me not watch this video
Did she get veneers ?
Stupid wig!
Grown Woman response
anyone who watches LHH is ratchet lol
Why she so pale?
blake and kirsten killed it in this video! subscribe and hit that notification bell to know when new videos come out.. i got some super sweet ones coming up you won't want to miss! 😉
i like this cover.....
their voice is really to good \ntheir voice makes  magical
I like this better than the original.
Can hear this cover from dusk till dawn!!so perfect and touching
the best cover so far!! good job guys. blessed my ear 💞😭
This cover in another level
It not on amazon unlimited
Can You cover Hall Of Fame - The Scipt. If u can, please cover, I very like KHS
Honestly i loved it more than original one. just soo obesed with it
No offense but I think I would sound so much better if the girl did the cover by herself ❤️
amazing work, i totally love the song and your cover is insane
Wow! The white piano still here ..legend
I've been waiting for a good cover of this song for so long and this is totally the best so far.
I'm obsessed😍😍😍You guys so awesome
I'm in love with this version, good job you three😍😍
Now this song is kicking
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS FOREVER! And you guys never disappoint me! Keep doing the good work!
i love you music. this is so awesome. thank you for that.
Kurt can u make a cover of 'your name' anime movie. I'd love to hear it from you 😍
I feel that the spark KHS had is decreasing day to day in his each videos. It is not like the old times. What do you think guys...!!!!
By far the best cover.
Blake looks like a cross between Brad Pitt and Justin Bieber xD
this is beautiful I cried
One of the best covers I've ever seen!
Would love to see Heavy by Anne-Marie.
The best cover in the planet
I always like your masterpiece, but maybe you should notice that the cameramen shadow is reflecting in the mirror, lol, but overall is good, keep your good job
hello guy VEVO invite you to see craziest cover come on by the way i love this cover
Blake has a really beautiful voice thoo 😍😍
Wow I don't know what to say it's amazing
This is absolutely amazing
is it just me or blake's voice sounds like cameron dallas'
I heard this version first and Love it, Do not like the original.
Im just waiting till she hit that snare
I love this song ❤️ \nYou guys did it \nAmazing 👌🏻
the sun rays coming from window is just perfect 👌
Make a cover with Conor Maynard already... it's been sooooo long since I'm waiting for it to happen.... plsssss
OMG I HATE THIS AUTOTUNE NEW HOPE CLUB BETTER 💝
Awesome I love it toooooo much
He looks like brad pitt omg
They killin it 😍
Omg 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
*kick* 💣
super
Amazing, I love it!!!
Notification Squad
They sang so lightly :)
Blake sent me
👍👍
The paino was hot...
💚💚💚💚💚💚
Dude your voice sucks tbh.
Superb ...mindblowing😘
Wooooooooow this crazy 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Okay i can't stop listening to this video i love you guys so much!!!!!! This is amazing!!!!!!
original is better
Amazing! Keep it up!
Amazing voice both of u.. And great piano play Kurt 😘
I'm so into the drums. Make the song so so much better!!
By far the best cover of this song !!!!!!
One of my favorites😱😱\nCan u guys pls do Havana or back to you?
Hello, my name is Jinny Anna. I am 14 years old and I want to ask everyone a question. How can a young ugly girl become a youtuber? 😭
Why does it look like blake is wearing makeup in the thumbnail (not that there's anything wrong with that) but really isnt in the video
They murdered that🔥
This is amazing 😍😍
Great cover....and  poor drums haha
YOOOOO he needs to do a song without any editing just the sounds they make in the room
Omg i love it😍
Yes
This is how heaven feel
I love music💓
awesome, totally killed it😉😄😄😍😍🎆🎆✨✨
nice .
This Is not Real
Lol I see the camera man shadow
Nothing like zayn sound in the high note 🎤🎤🔥🔥
but it's beautiful! ♥
Such nice auto tune <3
Wow
Very Nice ! 💙
noice dudes \n👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
She was so yellow omg
Nearest to zayn and sia
AWESOME
Kurt looks hotter than ever in this video.😍😍😍😍😍
brad pit teen version
Great work guys 👌
Beautiful!!
Blake looks like brad Pitt
so nice~~~
♥️
Who knew Brad Pitt could sing?!
Average
Omg 😫😍
Piano omggg
KIRSTEN LOOKS LIKE WOAHHVICKY!!!
Visuals excellent ad always ....cover💯💯💯💯👌👌👌👌
wow they good
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
As an office worker, I dream something like this everyday
I will watch this to support him
I know it would be a terrible joke, but it would have been great if in the scene when he's making weapons he picks up a barbwired baseball bat and looked at the camera.
So this is what Glenn was like before The Walking Dead
oh i miss you glenn TT_TT
all I can hear is Keith and I'm not okay
The Belko Experiment anyone???! But this looks better
Must have been the sushi lol😎
0:23 Will Smith lookin good in that dress.
Dayum, Glenn. You went full Shane and then leveled up fifty...take a chill pill! ;)
OMG this movie is fuckin' scary!!! I love it
Twist is probably something like the virus didn't make people violent at all. Somebody respond to this in like a couple months.
Reminds me a cross between the Belko Experiment, and Quarantine
Previously, on Walking Dead... no wait...
wonder if he'll find a dumpster to hide under....?
Negan hit him so hard that he will keep bleeding for the next two movies
I miss his face! I gotta watch this
Reminds me of that one movie that these people would kill office employees unless the employees would do the killing for themselves.
So he did really hide under the dumpster!
Yuen in a virus movie.  Awesome.  I have never seen him in anything like that.  Bold career choice, Steven...
This is like a retarded version of Fight Club.
chill out we do this everyday in our office killing each other fighting each other backstabbing each other from  8.30 am to 5.30 pm
Glenn died in TWD and woke up in a corporation in the afterlife to fuck shit up as revenge.
Kudos to Steve Yeun, he chose an interesting movie to star in. I'll see it.
I don't get it but I love Steven so...I love it.
hey wait a sec. Negan smashed his head in. Otherwise this is totally legit.
The type of movie that will desensitize you to blood.
What the hell is Glenn doing?
Glenn still looks like he just got out of the negan beating hahaha
Oh glenn, you're so much better than this.
subscribe or ill do it.......
This looks like the belch experiment but better
I can't believe how many people have seen The Belko Experiment. I didn't know it was that popular.
Glenn Became a Zombie.
looks dope
Looks actually good.
Cool!
I hope Steven kill Jeffrey Dean Morgan in this movie
Sooo... this is literally just a “Belko” movie. Or rip-off whatever.
Isn't that Eugene a 1:28?
Can't he do a movie or TV show where his face isn't getting smashed?
another movie for pussies who dont dare to punch someone
Glad to see my chink back in action
He become the walking Dead!
It needs more Negan and Lucille, but it's ok
Glen didn't die, Lucille teleported him to another reality  now it makes cents
Oh man i  love to do this in my office.
Send help, I can't find the release date for this movie, I'm getting March 13th - 17, Oct 7 - 17, and Nov 10th - 17.
It's like when you see Daniel Radcliffe in a non-Harry Potter movie
This is were Glenn went when he died
Steven Yeun is my new favorite actor
i´m only watching this movie because of Steven
Looks better than the Belko Experiment.
Damn Glen.  You can't catch a break lol\nEven got Milton on here too lol
Milton's in this too a walking dead reunion
So you're going live in hell with zombies and now you're going live in hell with humans who have gone crazy
Will watch this because of Glenn hahaha
Steven Yeung & Blood Violence: Love It!!
Jeez he hit you in the head that hard huh?
How does it feel killing your boss? Satisfying?
this is so BELKO EXPERIMENT..!!!!..bruhhhh
♥ The Belko Experiment \n♥ MAYHEM\n♥ STEVEN YEUN = FUCKING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Belko Experiment.  Did like it when it was called that either.
This is literally TWD inside the Belko experiment
Belko Experiment 2.0
Gleen
hmm Maggie got a new hairstyle haha :P
ricegum is you?
Office in Busan....
omg!!!!!! voy a verla
BAttle royal
1:47 This moment remind me something xDDD
this bloody john wick shit
lockheed martin?
Glenn save maggie
Glen in earth 2
Oh shhhh its Gleen 😂
Hey keith
The Belko Experiment ripoff
Yo, Glen.....
28 days + Belko experiment + the office???
Glenn's Back, MOTHERFUCKERS.
Gleeeeenn!!!!
Welcome back Glenn!
Rage, Steve.\n\nRage.
Gleen is alive!!!
Glenn and Milton reunited
The belko experiment 2
More mindless violence 👎
Belko Experiment all over again
Hmm, ummmm...yes. yes yes! Will watch!
Looks like Glenn recovered just fine lol
Wtf?! Not gonna lie.. lookin forward to seein this 😂😂
negan must be so proud of glenn hahaha
So, we entertain ourselves with movies about people snapping and killing each other, and then we are suddenly horrified when it plays out in real life wondering how anyone could act like that.
Wait...really?  Asian lead in a major hollywood movie?
Isn't this The Belko Experiment?
This film ALREADY came out
Fuck this shit up, Glenn. Show them who's the baddest mofo out there
🔴 *Mayhem 2OI7 ᴴᴰ FuII Mᴏᴠɪᴇ* ( bit.ly/2z80oDB )
Heh, heh, heh,... rich people are in for a rude awakening if anything big happens..
Wow this channel got political really fast
Armageddon is coming❗  Shop, shop, shop for survival gear...Forget decluttering your home, pursuing your goals and investing in your future.  Stock up and hoard for doomsday.  Live in fear.  
I remember when these guys were good.  I guess they caught liberalism.
I use time travel to get around issues like that.
Thanks it's 3:30 in the morning and this really helped my insomnia. You had to mention Donald
You know you're absolutely right. Fuck them for being so selfish and wanting to look after their families. \n\nYour social agenda must be very fragile if you feel like you need to attack something like self preservation by blaming it on greed.
I grew up as a survivalist. We weren't prepping for future disaster, we were fighting to stay alive in real time in the real world.
Why should someone feel guilty if there rich?
So he did need I surgery?
Why would you feel guilty for being rich? I mean you worked for it you earned it
Here i have been in nz wondering where i would go in an apocalyspe. I guess ill set up a tent in the backyard?
gotta love good old new zealand imma proud kiwi <3
Whistle blows:\n1 = Where are you \n2 = Come to me \n3 = I need help\n\nI would love to have a stash of food.\n\n...but I also try to eat what I have to save money.
I just need a trench coat and a level 3 backpack
Who gives a shit? They have the money for it.
Best way to prepare for the end? Repent, love God with all of your heart, soul, strength, and mind, love your neighbor as yourself (every living being is your neighbor), and treat others how you would like to be treated. This is what Jesus teaches. Pretty simple.
im not really worried about the end of the world scenario, but i have been thinking about preparing an emergency kit once i have been working for a year or two. \nwhile i say emergency kit, im basically talking about having a chest that contains a hiking bag, some long term survival tools (flint or lenses, strainer, survival knife etc.) a one man tent and food that stays good for a long time etc.\nbecause even if there might not be an apocalyptic event happening in our lifetime it is better to be prepared for catastrophes such as war or famine that will not happen rather than not being preparred if it actually do happen.
Why did trump come in this video at all. Lol.
The rich are so out of touch with how normal people live. The 'apocalypse' means a change in their way of life. That change being they're not leeching off the people any more
You guys are like a discount version of Superfruit\nMitch = Mitch\nGreg = Scott
The world isn't going to end, we are. The world will shake us off like a mild cold.
Making fun of trump is gonna get you raped by little kids in the comments...
Boo hooo, The rich have bunkers and I have to fend for myself.  Guess what, you are not their responsibility.  It's their money and if they wanna spend it on a plan B in case things go south it's their prerogative.
Leave new Zealand alone man... that's like the last place where politics and stuff aren't disgusting...
The hosts self righteousness is so cringeworthy.
I love you guys❤ you helped me love science❤
What stops security turning the guns on the rich. Honestly 😂🤣😂 why would I protect you. For what?
All the signs In the Quran about the end are coming true too.
Fuck...these guys are just blatantly politically one sided now. You do realize that some of your viewers might be conservative, right? I was wondering why I was unsubscribed and now I remember. Stop alienating a whole chunk of your viewers and just get the channel back to how it used to be.
When society falls, pot farm. Everyone’s an instant friend. A friend with weed, is a friend indeed.
I've been hording the absolute essentials in case of civilization collapses , Toilet paper and WEED.
God damn I wonder what political party you guys chose. Fucking losers
This is one of the most retarded channels in the youtube.I am hoping that the apocalypse arrives soon, so you won't survive beta cucks.
Im poor. Who wants to join me for a raider party.
These two are so stupid i swear
You can demonize anyone but I bet some Puerto Ricans wish they could have prepped.
Meanwhile both of the two in the video are millionaires who have more money than any of the viewers here, and have not given you any money or help.   Pure hypocrites with liberal agendas.
I remember in the 90's I used to get property for sale catalogues sent to me from ads in the back of magazines I was always trying to get people to chip in with me to buy old missile silos which were very cheap then , I knew there would be a great use for them one day , now I could sell them to Rich cunts for loads of money , and then also no where they all are for the end of the world to pillage with my band of mad max mutant people I'd have following me !
You really need to sit on your hands
The days when men were men and women were women, what happend!
This is so pretentious.
If you're rich buy a condo for the rest of us oh but them buying for themselves is wrong? Lazy assholes
Survival of the richest
What's wrong with Trump
This is the most *cringe* worthy video on the internet. Congrats :/
Isn't the most used language in new Zealand Dutch ?
So we're all just gonna ignore the fact that he's wearing a scouter in the thumbnail?
The being rich makes them guilty and insane..... fucking idiots
I just got a pocket knife under my pillow and a Pringles can in my drawer
Fuck these two guys, they’re assholes who hate people with money
I live in New Zealand 😆😆😆
That white guy is an embarrassment to men everywhere.
The rest of us crumble.\n\nNo, just you.
Uh, I hate to be the one to awkwardly point this out, but your political bias is showing.
After the revolution comrades shall go to New Zealand to rid the world of what is left of the capitalist class.
Rapture my friends 💕 Our Lord is coming soon! God bless you all! 😄
You don't have to suffer the great wrath of God. Put your trust in Jesus and salvation is promised. I overdosed in 2013 and was brought into the glorious presence of God. Jesus Christ is the truth! God is Love and Light. I made a testimony video if anyone wants to watch. God bless you all in the name of the Lord, Jesus.
except that there are waaaaaaaay more poor people who prep for disasters than wealthy
3:48 but.... I can't whistleblow..... guess I'm just gonna die then
Haha Trump bad! Right guys? Please give me likes and views because of my left wing opinions!
This type of prepping, with stockpiling and stuff will only last a certain amount of time. However, developing skills will keep you going indefinitely.
this is a trash vid
This bunker company, is really getting me a vault tech vibe, like the bunker is going to do experiments...
Atlease now I know were suzan collins got her idea for district 13 from.
Watch a video on my channel CJ Collins
This is what we can do to survive Armageddon.\nhttps://www.jw.org/en/publications/magazines/watchtower-no6-2017-november/survive-armageddon/\nI guess it's getting closer as more of us are getting aware of this :o
Money is the least interesting form of wealth.
What if I can’t whistle
good job blaming everything on trump and people who are good with money.
Christ is coming soon. No life hack would work. Believe in Jesus
Your politics are showing
Why would they be guilty? Also why is Trump a factor in our crazy toward apocalypse world? Trump does not equal end of all life because he was elected. If I was part of the 1% I would not feel a single damn thing about the rest of you while I survive.
I don't need to prep. \nI'm just gonna go into the first disaster I see, and *die*
With Trump, natural disasters, North Korea... Jesus Christ, I don't even like the guy but the number of people finding every excuse to put him on the same list as a fucking hurricane is pathetic.
if I were rich I would give my money way to all of you liberal cry babies so you can stop crying about he's not my president or I need other people to do this for me and I need more rights because this or that happened to people I don't even know hundreds of years ago so SHUT THE F UP
obumer is the one who well help bring do America. obumer is not only a LYING TRAITOR PIG, but he's also a minion of the Antichrist. Lol, which is probably why he's a LYING TRAITOR. EVIL PIG!!!
Why is Trump a reason for people to prepare for societal breakdown? I think liberals fucking everything up is good enough for me...
Re: the reddit guys eye surgery--as someone with such bad eyesight that I would be disabled w/o prescription eye wear,  it totally makes sense to think about being able to see during a disaster. I've definitely thought of it, and I'm just a regular person. I'd be dead super fast if my glasses broke or couldn't be replaced in a disaster. Surving as a blind person is probably next to impossible in the wild. Just playing devil's advocate on that one...
Vault-Tec 😧\n\n2:03
Nothing wrong with trump
MORE EVIL DRUMPF !!!
Stop chatting shit geeky fooks
Nuclear weapons are a hoax dipshit
Now im getting paranoid...should we prep too?
You guys suck
Bugmen, smug now; dead later.
Why are they bashing trump?
Commie alert
Bum boys yuk . Spot the aids victims 🤣
Where's Fetta
We're gonna get purged.
Did you say Silicone Valley?
Fallout
Was that a dragon ball z scouter lmo
Also, a scouter? Really?
Dude with the glasses wouldent survive
Keep Jesus close. God bless Trump
You guys are obnoxious af
With trump kys
What is wrong with these people and how did they get like that?
please say this is part of the next Lee Nelson Prank special! the last one was awesome!
Get may out ruining the country
whats a P45?
Getting people into work faster and staying in work longer.😂more like destroying life's.
Love the hair it's so Trumpy!
She said something and noone laughed so she said it again
She is a fearful hypocrite, no matter she pretends to say. Gray hair and cracked voice of some old witch from forest suits her perfect.
I hope Brexit will fix multiculturalism in shitholes like Tottenham. It's obviously irreversible, removing British born Africans and Middle Easterners, but here's me hoping it will be a bit better.
no video here just an advert
Amazing the guy got that close to the PM, he'd have been shot in the US.
Lucky she was in the U.K. in America it would have been a gun.
Who is this bird again?
Well past her sell by date...
I think half of them shouting OUT directed that towards Theresa May.
Id go gay for that guy! No homo.
Does it get any worse ....
She wants to give him a p45 because she can't handle the competition?
What a farce, that was a Tory setup. Your telling me the dam security never knew he was coming on? Seriously even the camera crews knew where he was sitting they zoomed in on him at the start of her speech, just waiting for his staged stunt.
We need her out
I take it everyone knows the prankster was the comedian lee Nelson?
Look at those fat slobs thumping themselves on the back... P45 is the first form they should have received
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
He is not a prankster it's called the comedian
I just want to see how many people hate her and want her out. If it’s labour or green or even Lib Dem hit like to get her out. She isn’t for the people, she isn’t for the poor or middle class, she doesn’t care about anyone other than companies giving her money. HIT LIKE IF YOU WANT HER OUT WE NEED HER OUT!!
Just to clear who he was. He was lee nelson. Not his real name but now u kno who i mean
She doesn't have any respect to people
Why does this crone always blabber on about corbyn, are there any solid beneficial ideas to be implemented for the people or is it just this childish pissing match. It's always some inept moron at the head of a witless cabinet plunging us into one disaster after another, no real progress is made from politics.
Lee nelson always up to something he’s the one who threw money over Seb platter funny guy
You can hear Brexit in the background
What an old Hag can’t  wait till she leaves
This, and other trivial things, seems to be so much more important than what the PM had to say.  NOT!
Honestly cheers to that guy
We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn ['s past] *proceeds to talk about Jeremy Corbyn further.
It’s lee nelson man you blind
Does anyone know who the prankster is, I do I just forgot his name :/
that was such a dead prank
The guards probably let him get close in hopes that he would hopefully assassinate her lmao😂
Lol what a bunch of scrubs if that was white house that nerd woulda lost his teeth 10 feet in lol
OH MY GOD ALL SHE TALKS ABOUT IS JEREMY CORBIN. WHAT KIND OF POLITICS IS THIS??? SO RUBBISH
If she said something like you’re a btech sacha baron cohen his career could have been ended but she wasn’t on the ball.
Well done Simon Brodkin aka Lee Nelson the brilliant comedian does it again superb 👏👏👏👏😂😂😂😂
We all know Amber Rudd is smirking in the audience
I hate this woman
Somebody give a knighthood to that man!!!!!!!!!
Is it Lee Nelson?
Joke politicians for an even bigger joke of a nation. Merkal herself probably could run that place better than your so called Parliament.
Was that Lee Nelson again?
No copyright music for your channel, enjoy))
And  you my dear have just been served
I feel sorry for may whoever we have as prime minister is still going to be ruled by America
All she needs now is the stab in the back and the show is over.
How about you shut up about Corbyn and get on with your job and talk about your policies and plans. Or is she just going to keep complaining like a child
Saying Jeremy Corbyn should be given a P45 and when you struck a deal with a racist party to stay in power 😐
Who's ready for the UK Riots next year?
Am I the only one who recognises this dude as Lee Nelson?!
Love that theresa may would love her to touch my clit
Please take your P45 and leave Mrs May. You madam are a disaster waiting to happen and Corbin isn't any better.
She's like a broken record. Plus you have all those seals clapping at anything that comes out her mouth.
*build a country that works for rich people
I thought she tried to give Jeremy Corbyn a P45 and that's the reason her party wants to give a P45 to her.
Is it me or he looks WAY TO MUCH LIKE MATTSHEA O
Lee nelson lol what a guy
Old hag!
yes marconni
Thought we’d got rid of all the witches after maggie thatcher, but I guess not🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
yerno it would be a different story if it was a terrorist or criminal
Somone give that man a promotion and a raise!
where's the secret service when you need them. Double tap to the head is all it takes
Bye Bye Tories.
Lee Nelson ain't funny anymore.
Simon back again
I LOVE THAT PRANKSTER HAHAHAHAH
Blah blah blah
JEJEJEREMY COBYN!! Go llabour
bankers puppet with the lowest wit
AHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHHHAHHA
LEE NELSON WAYYYYY
Simon brodkin
Qwaliteeeeeeeee
Foreign Poricy...
Simon brodkin?
ok
Lee Nelson qualityyy
What an idiot
Lol
Well in mate
Simon Brodkin i love you
Go on Simon brodkin
Genius.
Lol '-)
That was hilarious.
Qualiteeeeeeeeeee\n-lee nelson
Ayyyyy Simon Brodkin ;)
OMG that's Lee Nelson.
Simon brodkin
She has nightmares about corbyn
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
Okay im 14, no idea whats going on. Can someone care to explain?
Admit it, all of you thought in the title it said Ps5.....
im a liberal but i know that vox knows about as much about guns as a baby knows how to pay taxes
This is utter bs\n\nYou can hear from the consistency of fire it was a fully automatic weapon. If a bump stop were used, the rate of fire would vary
Automatic weapons are not illegal, please edit the description with that, it's a very important detail.
call me crazy but am I the only one to see that the bill they showed at the end had nothing to do with a bump stock. It said that semi auto shotguns cant have removable, collapsible or telescopic stocks. At least your research team is better than CNN, not saying much.
The full auto made it less deadly
He/They did not use any damn bump stocks or slide fires. Get real mang.
1. Attaching toys to his rifles instead of learning to shoot SAVED lives in vegas.\n2. High rates of fire in rifles that light arent useful past 15 yards. And especially not at 300.
isn't a bump stock literally just a spring?
Alright, lets set the record straight. \n\nFully automatic weapons are not illegal within the United States, they are however highly regulated. Automatic weapons are what is called a Class III weapon. First, a class III gun license must be obtained in which your social security number, home address, and contact information among other things will be collected. These weapons must be registered with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Then a background check must be preformed. A taxation of an additional two hundred dollars is required at the time of the back ground check. Tax stamps and individual papers must be filled out for each weapon. The standard waiting period applies, after all checks have been completed, ad minimum a week after registration. \n\nSemi Automatic weapons have been around since before the first world war. The first semi automatic weapon was The Model 85 in 1885. Semi automatic weapons have continued to evolve and have used high capacity magazines for more than fifty years, with examples like the SKS with twelve plus rounds in its stripper clip alone. Not to mention the difference between reloading and cycling another round into the chamber is normally less than two seconds and less than a second with experienced reloaders. \n\nBump stocks do not put constant pressure on the trigger. Not only this but that would not make the gun automatic. They do however, use the recoil and the trigger finger of the wielder to make a faux-automatic weapon. Which, mind you is rather inaccurate if the trigger is held. Which is why soldiers and law enforcement is trained to fire in three round bursts.
It is not illegal to own a automatic
just file the sear! and voila! you got a shity full auto.... i dont tink that maniac really care if any of his gun where legal or not....
Woah ! There was no assault weapon used in Virginia Tech . Two handguns were used with dozens of 10 round mags ! A walther p22 and a glock 19 . #fakenews
Keep up the fake news guys thanks! Cough cough *multiple shooters* and no shred of evidence of this man.
Yeah fully automatic weapons are not illegal
Yea, no.\nHe would have killed way more people if he had fired single shot, trust me.
What's up with all the conservatives wanting to arm mentally unstable people with high-caliber weapons? Y'all retarded?
The language of Feinstein's bill was overbroad in that it attempted to ban stocks that do not increase the rate of fire.
More People Should Be Well Armed Because More Attacks Like This Will Happen....We Just Have To Pay Attention To The CLues
Machine guns and murder are both *already* banned, you idiots. But please prove to us that criminals care, in any way, about *bans.* \n\nSMH
As a veteran of the united states army I have to fully disagree with your title description. \nA bump stock shortens the stock.  Nothing more.  Do your research please.
Here's a video for you VOX https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw7SS4_GTjQ
20-30 is quiet a big space to be called high capacity.\n30 is standard,you said that at the start
san bernardino and orlando massacre were terrorism.
Where did y'all find a bump stock for 99 dollars?
The best way to stop a bad guy with a gun , is a good guy with a gun.
Im just surprised Vox knows the difference between a clip and a magazine.
It's nice to see people who are educated on guns refute Vox's gun control agenda, but until I see more dislikes than likes, they are still winning and brain-washing the public.
You can literally bump fire any semi auto weapon WITHOUT ANY MODIFICATION SUCH AS A BUMP STOCK, simply by holding the weapon at the waist and looping your finger through the trigger guard and through a belt loop on your pants. You can find any number of videos showing this. The gun simply bounces back and forth on your finger which is held in place via your belt loop. ...And you're telling me that banning bump stocks will fix this? What about the people who can EASILY manufacture a simple device to help them bump fire? Banning things doesn't work.
How much stupid are american people?
oh look, a bunch of butthurt gun nuts and uneducated conservatives in a Vox video's comment section! Wonder which wack-job radio host sent them here...
More uninformed anti gun propaganda, but I guess you love to mislead the audience. Why don't you do stats on how many lives a year that guns (especially semi-automatics) SAVE in the US?
Vox, how does it feel to be so ignorant? 😂
Saying that it's pointless to pass laws against assault weapons because people will get them anyway is possibly the most idiotic argument I've ever heard. By that logic, why have any laws at all? People still commit murder despite murder being illegal. Should we make murder legal because the ban 'isn't working'? People still steal even though that's illegal, too. Should we lift the ban on theft?
extremely misleading. that  was not bumpfire. that was belt fed but what do liberals know
Do ya'll do any real research?
Hard to feel sympathy for a person who goes against common sense and knowledge and do whatever they want. Although the Las Vegas shooting is regrettable, it's hard for a person outside of America to feel any sympathy especially as the country brought it upon themselves. I hope you continue to enjoy your guns!
2016 a muslim drives with a LEGAL TRUCK INTO A CROWD AND KILLS 86PEOPLE NOW WHAT SHOULD WE DO???BAN TRUCKS???
this is from a attack of a isis alleged person Stephen paddock they swore to attack all major world cities look at the list Paris London Barcelona Brussels Orlando !! Las Vegas! plenty of cities wake up !!!
@vox so whats the NFA tax stamp for ? Look it up your giving out false info. The modification is also not illegal
Banning guns and gun parts does not make a difference. You can make murder illegal, but it will still happen
Thanks vox!!!, now I know how to modify my gun to kill more people ^^ !!!! I'll think about this video next time I murder a ton of people c:
Ok that's enough bs for one year
Drugs kill ALOT of people. We should ban drugs so they don't kill anymore people. Oh wait..........
False. Do not deliberately use false information (lies) to promote your agenda. You now have NO credibility.
A machine gun is not need in defense of a home unless it's the government or a gang entering your home.
You haven't the faintest clue what you're talking about. As someone with extensive experience in weapons manufacturing, I'm going to have to assume that you're just making things up. Do your homework before you try to sell an opinion. Your video is simply not true at all.
The Bill of Rights is separate from the constitution for a reason. It was designed to be altered with time, and I think it's time to alter it.
Bump stocks passed by Obama and company a Democrat and the 1986 law passed by a Republican interesting
WE NEED MORE LAWS THAT CRIMINALS DONT FOLLOW. YES, GREAT SOLUTION!!!!!!!!!
$99 dollar bump stock???😂😂 dumb dog stfu! General Paddock had high end gear , we're talking 4-$500 dollars per bump stock. General Paddock was a HIGH ROLLER! he wouldn't even touch that cheap 100 dollar wanna be bump stock junk...get your 411 right before posting bullshit!
Guns are bad but u support antifa and pedos and probably Jew rat Weinstein may u all burn in hell
1st Ronald Reagan had Alzheimers when his singed that bill. Literally.\n2nd look at there real definition of a machine gun.  The National Firearms Act, 26 U.S.C. 5845(b), defines a machine gun to include any weapon which shoots, is designed to shoot, or can be readily restored to shoot, automatically more than one shot, without manual reloading, by a single function of the trigger. SINGLE FUNCTION OF THE TRIGGER are the key words. \n3rd Dianne Feinstein was never intended for bump stock and don't think the industry would make a work around, bump stocks are not folding, and takes a tool to remove so not ditachable either.\nHow about open up the Hughes amendment machine gun ban for civilains and document, register, highly regulate and tax them again so the bump stock that are bought and sold with out any documentation would go away,  probally would have never been invented or popular in the first place. People who leagly own new or post 1986 machine guns will have the federal goverment show up to there address for a audit and inspection up to one time a year.
+Vox Hey guys, why are you such garbage, are you trying to emulate your national news icons? Just curious.
This incident without the stock would have actually been much deadlier........ why? IT IS NOT DESIGNED FOR ACCURACY YOU DUNDERHEADS! All of the sudden you hear about it once and you seem to know everything there is to know about it huh vox... cause I’m gonna let you lecture me about how and why I shouldn’t own this....cause this “thing” is gonna make me go out and commit mass genocide........ THE PROBLEM ISNT THE GUN! ITS THE PERSON!!!
It's probably a good idea to make sure none of the lower class peons have any weapons.\nIt'll make it easier when it's time for the violent take-over. We don't want those filthy little fly-over rednecks to be able to defend themselves.
My second amendment rights are my rights if you liberals want to infringe on my rights then I want to take your first amendment rights away from you
Bump Stock Is Incapable Of 9 Rounds per second
this I the most stupid mis-direction  I have heard yet. vox, your nothing but another mouth piece. unsubscribe
Vox claims that these weapons have not been around for most of America's history, but semi-auto guns and machine guns have been around for over 100 years.  The AR15 itself has been around since the 1950's and been used as the M16 since the 1960's.
Sure we can just keep arguing over banning whatever arbitrary modifications are hip at the moment and not get anywhere, or we can just focus on mental health care.
Vegas shooting is just another day at the office for the F.B.I.  What is the F.B.I.'s business model?  Domestic terrorism.  Easy enough to prove.  Just listen to Judge Napolitano.  17 thwarted attacks and the F.B.I. had recruited every one of the perpetrators.  This is about a Zionist political NWO agenda to take away our ability to fight back when the Satanists that control our government decide on full spectrum dominance.   A helicopter can be seen and heard before the automatic weapons fire and right after shots are fired individually.  The helicopter approaches and automatic weapons fire is heard.  The helicopter departs and the automatic weapons fire ceases.  Why did Pattock not barricade himself in the room?  He had lots more ammunition and barricading himself inside the room would have allowed him to kill even more people.  Who was in the room with Pattock that needed to escape and thus the reason he was not barricaded?  Where is the video.  Hell for that matter where is the video on the 911 attack on the Pentagon?
I don't think bump stocks should be legal but this video is just factually inaccurate. It drastically oversimplifies the issue of rate of fire, assigning a single ROF to all automatic weapons, and it falsely states that it is illegal to own automatic firearms in the US. It isn't. It's just heavily restricted and regulated. What's illegal is the sale of NEW automatic firearms to civilians.
if you think trump is hitler you should be pro 2nd amendment
I pose a question to all of those wanting to ban guns to end mass shootings, how many people did Timothy McVeigh kill and injure? The answer is 168 dead, more than 600 wounded. These were not people clustered into a crowd, and this attack did not take place over a long period of time, as a bomb, it was instantaneous. Even if you ban guns, everything McVeigh used is still completely legal, and he killed nearly three times as many people.
They should stop dumbing down these videos, it's people who like to think they know a lot about guns that watch these and take pick holes when they use terms like machinegun instead of Assault Rifle or bullet instead of round.\n\nI'm a Liberal, but I love firearms, and it annoys the hell outta be when they talk like an idiot about things they know nothing about. I am for more gun control, in fact I believe that they should legalize more types of guns, but make a gun licence extremely hard to obtain in the first place. So less people get guns overall, but the responsible ones that can own them should be less restricted. And I believe that all firearms should have to be checked up on at random by the police, and should be heavily regulated with every sale recorded, there should also be a waiting period between the purchase and the use of each gun.
Vox clearly didn’t do much research. You don’t even have to be a “gun nut” to know that automatic firearms aren’t illegal. They are HEAVILY regulated.
Check this out predictive programming Las vegas shooting plus he's still alive.. http://destyy.com/w0t5BO
Thank Obama for not regulating bump stocks in 2010.... He and his ATF decided twice they shouldn't be illegal.\nJust a little side note.... bump stocks don't work with a bi-pod, because it reduces the recoil.  No one can shoot more than 7/8 rounds.
Another mad gunner will be neutralized, end story.
Vox is liberal, they hate russians guns and everything that democrats love. Why haven't vox made a video about antifa ? Because they are the type of media that supports it, they are basically trying to bring mainstream medias lies over too this platform. Which youtube loves, thats also why they are always on the trending tab \nStay woke
1:26 These damn Marxist libtards hate the Constitution!
Vox deleting comments
well deserved,
investigate vox for pedophilia
bullshit
Vox, you guys are dumbasses
Argh! An AR-15!
Fireworks
((Dianne Feinstein))
Yep. Drugs are illegal too. Glad that ban solved that problem *sarcasm*
Dumb ass video
Total LIE...
So wait, the Las Vegas shooter is not considered a terrorist because he isn't Muslim...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf he isn't a terrorist, then we all are....
Repeal the 2nd commandment
Bullshit. In every cell phone video that was captured by people actually there that night, you can hear shots being fired from a FULLY automatic weapon.. no weapon that’s equipped with a bumpstock can fire that fast..no way in hell
Keep guns. Give us Medicare for all, increased background checks, mental health checks, & mental health coverage. You won't get rid of guns. Ever.
he did use converted full autos you think that if he planned on killing so many people than he would just obey the law not to mention that bump stocks require practice
When I was deployed, in Iraq, I was stationed on a massive FOB where literally tens of thousands of people walked around with weapons and ammo. It was not just us too, we had Ugandans (doing contracted security), other militaries, all walking around with weapons. Why did I never think twice about it? Why did I never once feel afraid with all these strangers walking around with guns? Maybe because they're not the problem? There is an underlying sickness that is driving violence in this country. A cultural decay. That's the problem. Things like presceiption drugs being given out like candy, not fixing the underlying causes.... take away guns and we will have knife sprees just like other countries where guns are illegal
Instead of focusing on the tool (firearm/rifle) focus on the person, make them have a psych evaluation every two years, it should be legal to own with proper background check and are *mentally* fit, there are people very dumb that have accidental discharges on the range or home because they do not know how to operate properly\n\nAnd the subject at this shooting like many other had some ideas on his head that lead to him to kill and ultimately shoot himself\n\nA person who's mentally ill or has a disorder or is inclined to the extremism shouldn't be able to acquire guns so easy
Some Americans: Oh, a random guy just killed more than 30 people... Meh, let's say it's ok and go shoot some ducks
Dumb, from that distance, he would have hurt more people shooting them with a non converted semi auto rifle. Shooting full auto from that distance makes your shots so inaccurate.
1 life is just as precious as many.... ffs just ban the fking cause ...i cant believe this is still a dispute after those poor sandy hook children!!!!
Meanwhile, the US government accused Iran of obeying the Iran deal technical but not in the spirit of the agreement. Bump stocks are technically legal... But does it follow the spirit of the ban on automatic weapons?
I think Ronald Reagan would agree to that being to much fire power.
Sorry, but owning automatics isn't illegal. Making new ones is, but existing ones are legal, and there are lots of hoops for buying and selling them, but that's legal too. Sorry Vox but commiting a research fail like that straight out of the gate doesn't help anyone.
Anybody who knows anything whatsoever about bump stocks and guns in general will tell you after listening to the different shooters on video that none of them was carrying anything less than a full auto weapon. Bump stocks don't sound anything like this.
90 shots in ten seconds I'm done bruh
As a lifelong Vegas resident up until I moved up to Salt Lake 3 years ago, it sickens me to know that this massacre has affected just about every one of my friends and family in some way. I had plenty of friends at that concert—many of whom were just thankful for a fun break from the insanity of this current world—that are now traumatized for life. I get an overwhelming sense of sadness and rage when trying to console my friends, many of whom were just partying with people that—in a split second—would become victims face-down in their own blood. \nEven just talking about it here is just— ...goddamn it.\n\nIt took me getting shot and paralyzed from the chest down (by a 16-year-old felon attempting to kill me in order to get himself initiated into a gang) over 5 years ago in Las Vegas to realize that we _NEED_ common sense gun control. \nWhat's it going to take for our so-called _leaders_ to realize this, as well?
yeah the video isn't stating the legality of an automatic weapon very well. Fully automatic weapons can be purchases legally after obtaining the proper permit afterward you can purchase a very expensive fully automatic or burst fire weapon after the purchase there are many stipulations that one must follow. The Bump fire or Slide fire stocks that this shooter used are considered legal and i feel this is a loophole that can be and most likely will be patched after this shooting. though if any of you check the sites that sell them they are all out of stock and no longer accepting orders. anyone who wanted one already has. and with the advent of 3d printing if someone wanted one for malicious purposes the law wouldn't stop them.
The liberals have a valid reason when it comes to semi-automatic rifles. The Sandy Hook shooting happened because the actual owner of the gun was his mother's, who had no record whatsoever. This vegas shooter had no record, either. Hell, he was even making pretty good money with properties across the states. No one suspected any of this to happen -- which goes back to the point of banning semi-automatic rifles. The next mass shooting is unpredictable. And if the shooter plans it well like this nut job did, you can't prepare for that. You can bump up the security in these events, but the crazies will just attack at the right moment when our guards are down.
If you have Netflix & haven't seen Kick Kroll and John Mulaney's show Oh Hello, you are missing out. It's their stage production on Broadway and it's hysterical. :)
They're like two goofy but sweet big brothers. :)
4:45 the HORROR on her face!!!
I use a diva cup. Killed me!😂😂🤣🤣😆
Everytime one of the kids asks a question john has this look of shit I have the same question
John mulaney's too good for buzzfeed
That girls expression when Nick talked about putting butter on his face was priceless.
This is fucking disgusting and your show promotes pedophiles
3:40 I stan this child. It’s like looking in a mirror of my 6th grade self.
I found that pretty awkward and not funny at all. I guess I'm not in their target audience.
I can't watch this without thinking that Nick from Big Mouth is talking lmao
y'all she has my name
hey look! It's john mulaney and a hermit
Nick would be such a great dad
how do you find the g spot, John?
They went from playing 70 year olds to playing tweens. And make me crack up as both.
Was Nick kidding when he said he doesn't believe in evolution??????
3rd bass - mc search - house of pain everlast
*Throws penalty flag at Nick Kroll*  Everlast was in House of Pain not 3rd Bass.  3rd Bass was MC Serch and Pete Nice.
Two strange men talking about puberty with kids...
If you have not watched Big Mouth on Netflix, you must!!! It is hilarious and one of the best things ever.
what highlighter is Nick Kroll wearing because it's really pretty!
Christopher literally looks exactly like John Mulaney.
hi i'm nick crompton and no i'm n-
Emma:\n\n\n\nI call the darkness into me \nFrom deepest depths of Earth and Sea \nFrom ancient evils unawoken \nbreak the who one can't be broken \nthe blackest night I plaged my soul \nand you crush my heart to Burning coal the sommon forth deathly power to see my hated foe devorued 😂
What am I watching.  The Douche is describing puberty to me.
It's a 90s hip hop group lolol Great answer
I love John
4:46 SHE WAS SO SHOOK NFNSDNNSS
Buzzfeed now promoting pedophilia? What's next?
That was awkward
I'm guessing they only did this to promote Big Mouth and BuzzFeed didn't put it anywhere in the video or the description.
Simply Move to google and type: WUMO SEO. They are the cheapest Search engine optimization company and ranked my site within just Eight weeks. They will either rank your blog or give your cashback. I simply love WUMO SEO.
I'm bout to put you in the neighborhood
What was the advice?
watched until he said evolution wasnt real, i didnt realize he was an idiot.
John was so close to cussing at 2:20 😂
Not sure how Nick got House of Pain and 3rd Bass mixed up. Or did I miss some sort of joke?
I guess you can ball park someone’s income bracket by asking them about their butter preferences. “French butter” Lmao. What? Kroll is my hero.
i love these people but i HATE buzzfeed
Your video was very well made & inspiring to watch! My favorite way to make money online, legitimately is by earning residual income with Bitcoin... by Auto Trading Loans, I make up to 40% R.O.I. monthly.. Check out this tutorial to learn how:\nhttps://goo.gl/242BgP
Big Mouth is the fucking best
There is no such thing as puberty or sex  we are sexless consciousness
Does Nick Kroll not actually believe in evolution?
But they won't put iddubz in the trending tab
I love this so damn much
Nick Kroll looks exactly like nick from big mouth
There coming if age all over the place.......
I finished Big Mouth in a day in a half 😂😂😂
i will miss the brain cells i lost watching this
If the boy did asked the question What third base is these guys would have answered it better or comfortably than when the girl asked it.
nick kroll definitely made nick to look like him
Nick Kroll should be legally obligated to stay away from children
I’m 13 and damn I wish I could be in this video
This was a ridiculous waste of time. Not funny....(John Mulaney is a funny dude, BUT not here.)
Nick Croll is a pedophile y’all
This is going to be me with my kids
I need 2 black people please?!?
Neosporin is great for after you have popped a zit. Really speeds up the healing process.
name a better duo! i'll wait
Nick looks sorta like my youth pastor who's also named Nick. Creepy.
What is the point of this video
i can’t listen to john’s voice without imagining andrew talking lmao
I could see Nick being a great dad some day and giving funny yet honest advice. And John... tried lol
John Mulaney bull? Why buy the cow? Because that's you love her that's why.
A pathetic example of stupidity masquerading as humor.  Made all the worse because these fools are substituting nonsense for critical information.  If you are lacking the knowledge or guts to tell the truth, don't bring up the subject.
I clicked as soon as I saw John Mulaney 👏🏼
i thought nicks laugh at 3:13 was the little girl
Be gay. That’s the only message you will get from youtubers
I always love spreading fatty butter on my skin.
only buzzfeed would make a video idea as dumb as this.
This stuff has to stop
ANDREW AND NICK \nBIG MOUTH\n\nIS \n\nAWESOME
Christopher is so cute!
toothpaste works bruh
Nick Kroll is hilarious
San Diego Diet
JOHN MULANEY
What was that 😂
we're here at *busts out laughing* BUZZFEEd
Ew
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU HAVENT HIT PUBERTY YET.
Visit www.indis.me and expose your local luciferians!
Disgusting, ,,, have fun in hell
Useless.
I wanna clap Brooke’s cheeks
Uhh 🙄 really now?!?
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=159749
WTF
BuzzFeed is disgusting.
((()))
Big mouth is fucking hilarious
OMG OMG MY HEALTH TEACHERS NAME IS JOHN MULLANEY WTF
Its the douche
Alberto Roy lol mejor su ta\n\n\n\n\n\nFax
Go To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* This has been the only working FB h@ck tool working these days. Never waste the available free time on some other applications
Nick kroll doesn't believe in evolution!? I'm sorry Nick, but despite what your opinion is, evolution is a fact.
What is wrong with society? Having young children questioned by two grown male comedians about intimate topics that should be discussed with their parents? Shame on the parents for allowing this. Disgusting, this is not normal. Wake up
That netflix show isnt funny... but Its okay (animation is terrible) but story is, okay...
John Mulaneys career must be going thru hard times if he is at buzzfeed. BTW who is Nick Kroll?
Eric church, a true talent! No amount of bullets. God bless you!
Great video!
Awesome song!!
Amen!!
Fireworks, who knew they weren't.\nWho knew evil was behind it.\nTragedy at a concert.\nA different night at the desert.\nThem dancing and laughing.\nThem running.\nEverything changed in just a second.\nWho knew this could happen.\nIt wasn't for fate. \nBullets of hate.\n58 victims.\nAnd that song replaying.\nEveryone's hurt, everyone's praying.\nRoute 91, this wasn't the plan.\nBeautiful people with kind hearts.\nThem looking just for fun.\nEveryone will remember, October one.\nI have no doubt, they're in heaven now.\n                                   -Mar
Please help me what was that I found in my last video I'm scared
Song starts at 4:45. This is not to disrespect the message that he is saying. If this is the first time watching this video you should watch the video through and through. But if you have already heard his message and want to listen to the song because it is amazing. Then use the time stamp above. Again I do not mean to disrespect anyone by saying this. I’m just trying to make it easier on people who want to listen to the song again.
Get rich click on link and follow simple steps http://MoneyComeFirst.com/?ref=61850
Rainy Girl ....\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0QuocHUK3Y
Thank you.
Only real country MF.
WOW!  just beautiful and heartwrenching.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DdlF148wVh0&feature=share اشتركو
❤️
In our darkest hours  we find the brightest light of humanity.
Sun glasses to hide those lying eyes.
Time the Country coalition band together and demand answers/ accurate evidence as to why their people were slaughtered wholesale. \nTHE OFFICIAL STORY is BS
Beautiful
Good message, love eric church.  Not that impressed with the song. Lots of emotion though, can tell he was really singing from the heart.
Bless his heart.... he's struggling!
Crying my eyes out !!!! This is what the American Spirit is all about, the empathy, the compassion and love for our fellow man. No color, no religion and nothing but respect for our country, its people and OUR FLAG !!!! Other artists can learn a great deal from Mr Church !!
Eric Church I do not know if you read comments but I wanted to come see your last show and couldn't afford to...........Sunday night was more than something that sank hearts, filled eyes with tears & tattered souls like worn paper. I just watched this clip of you here on youtube and listened to your new song. My thoughts of you Sir and my love for your voice and your music extend much further now because I just saw your person.......your thoughts just as a person. Your words for the people echo through the walls of The Grand Ole Opry now for all of time.
how could 1 person much less 2,000 dislike this video..
Nothing can separate us from God's Love. Because If God is for us, who can be against us? No one! Bless your Mr. Church, the gate of hell shall not prevail on you, on us, on America, on the world, and on the beautiful souls that went to glory. \n\nGod heal and bless America.
He is so good God bless all that was lost.
Why not me lyrics\n\n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Z9d6gimjRn4
Eric God Church
AMEN 🙏🏻
Awesome...God Bless..
Beautiful job! I think we all have to ask ourselves that same question ...
Beautiful song with powerful words for us all and especially for the families who are having to say goodbye. Eric Church you did a wonderful thing when you wrote this. I am glad you know God.
He reminds me of a young Willy Nelson.
Thank you Eric Church. Sonny was from my hometown. This song helps me so much to deal with the pain of losing a member of my family. God Bless you.
Wow, I was just thinking, why not him.
God bless you.
Las Vegas Multiple Shooters Confirmed PROOF Part 2 by LibertyVibe \n\n https://pew.tube/user/Onehope/B1XlQsH \n\n #PewTube
Why so many dislikes?
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
This is unbelievable. Thank you Eric Church. I teared up. You did this for you fans. Your crowd. I am part of your crowd. I am part of your fans. I wasn't  there that night. Thank you Eric. It's awesome.
Kevin Love?!?
Who 😢
God bless you Eric Church
Beautiful xoxox
That was amazing
How did this get 2000 dislikes
It was an amazing performance, Thank you for sharing your soul with us Eric Church
God bless you all every one ☝️ I love going to church both really church and Eric church
Eric Church is the epitome of what a musician, a human being should be.  Heartfelt, he knows were he came from and respects it, and the fans who have found him.  Simply my favorite musician, and a human I strive to be.
I started listening to the Chief back during the Sinners like me Album, I kept trying to show him to everyone I could. The way he conveys his message is incredible and this song just shows it. I could have been there at that concert and am thankful I wasn't. He is truly the Chief! Eric Church is the real deal. He isn't like the other modern country artist, this man is real.
Excellent, beautiful, heart wrenching and pure art.
So now that every part of the American background has been affected can we talk about gun control? Insane how these guys have to sing about this...
4:12 tears started flowing. How can you not love this guy?
There is no better artist
You have a huge heart Eric.. God Bless you!!!
Heart of gold love his words in a song...he is truth and country music💕💕💕
Somerset Ky  shout out from the bluegrass..... we love you Eric  Church
Eric, I sense that you grasp the connection between all of us, so let me suggest this as the answer to your song.  Why not me?   I'd say, a part of you did die. As a part of all of us died.  We are truly all connected.
Brave performance and beautiful song. A fitting tribute.
Song I wrote for the tragedy that happened in Las Vegas. 🙏🏼https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1926598244024504&id=100000230425794
This is why Eric is my favorite and always will be. Thank you for sharing your heart Eric. Continued prayers to all affected. #churchchoir.  #prayers.
Thank you.  We needed to see this.  My cousin was there.  I'm sorry you had to go through what you did.  Glad you made it to the Opry that night.
I love this man!
Don't know about y'all but at 4:15 I broke down
He's amazing....if he read the bible hed know why the wicked pray on the good....God will put an end to it soon Death will be no more
he's famous now... #illuminati
I'm a huge country music fan! I've always loved Eric Church and love him even more after this! Made me cry....so heartwrenching! Beautiful song! My prayers and thoughts go out to Eric Church, all of the artists, fans, and their families that were affected by the Las Vegas tragedy!
No big deal here.
This is Eric Church.
Yo crowd stfu hes trying to talk so annoying
Thank you Chief for helping us heal with your music.  You are incredible. From another one of your people & Church Choir member.
A new era is sure to come, it is definite and it is written.....And the kingdoms of this world, have become the kingdom of our Lord..
Eric Church you are a amazing man.  There is no artist like you.  You are a gifted man. Both artistically and personally.  Keep being you!!!
you are so amazing... I love you so much Eric. This broke my heart....
Tell the loudmouth in the crowd to shut up. Annoying
Great song rip the Vegas victims
I am so glad we have people like Eric.  He always says almost exactly what i'm feeling in times like these.  And he is so right. You can't kill music.  It's there and will survive as long as someone sings it.
country music sucks ! and great acting by singers!
I thought him Liam from 1D
I'm crying...thank you Eric for your heartfelt words and beautiful rendition...it helps in the healing... xx & prayers.
how could 2k ppl not love this man? I feel sorry for them, I truly do....
Such a beautiful, heartfelt performance and message ❤ I will forever be a fan of EC, he is a true artist who is truly in love with music. The best music in the world is the kind that speaks to your soul, brings tears to your eyes, and moves you deep inside ❤❤❤
What a beautiful tribute to those who lost their lives. As someone who was there, this is how we all feel!  Love you Eric!
Very sad..\nYour a true hero\nLove your songs\nLots of respect..\nLove you
Such a awesome artist. I have always been a church fan. Will forever!!
Not even a fan....but a Beautiful , sad song.
Quick how do i transform this tragedy into a way for attention to boost my career?
Who are the 2k people disliking this, really??
Why you not me cuz you ran y didnt even tell them to run
Check out my products at little cost at www.trackq.xyz its a growing company and it needs your help! First 100 customers to purchase an item from the online store will receive a 40% discount on the already low prices here ! check it out you wont regret it .
Our almighty God gave us the the beautiful soul cleansing gift of Music🎶❤️🙏🏻#countrystrong #wewillstandtall #praying
Really great performance, sad about vegas
Eric, you are amazing and God Bless you for having the courage to get up on stage and pour your deepest, heartfelt feelings out.  So much admiration and respect for you <3
There's a reason why you were Sonny's guy! You are a class act Eric Church.
sonny melton was my best friends uncle and she just sent this video to me...
Why 2k dislikes?
I live in Vegas. God be with you.
It seems like we all knew someone who was there that night. I had a few family members there and some friends. Although they made it home safely they were not left unscathed. It hurts me knowing what they all must be going through. They too are hurting and will forever be changed. I saw this video and can't help but hope we can lift them up if only through our prayers and love. You're not alone and we may be strangers but we're all in this together.
I hate country music..but this okay I suppose..even though if he missed a few chords.
Tosh.0?
I would like you all to thank X-President Obama & Hillary Clinton for all the Violence weve been going through after our election of President Trump. They will answer to their sins & crimes against our people eventually.
veeeeery nice :-)
3 ukuleles
Love this song. Great performance and tribute to a legend
☄
So amazing !
Great vid as usual! RIP Tom Petty.  : (
Legendary!
this shit fuckin sucks.  tom is rolling in his grave.
I would love to sit in on one of their jam sessions.
A other awesome cover thank you 👊🏻
Nicely done!
So good! Love the vibe as well. Where did you guys film this? Somewhere in Canada? <3 me some forest.
You guys are amazing!
Beautiful
Incredible Tribute guys! Thank You!
Awwwww, bless you guys.
Love it 😁
😊
Dammm, goose bumps.. See ya Tom
perfect!
Nice job guys....very tasteful....and on point
💔R.I.P. Tom Petty 💔
62 people who disliked like rap
Fantastic! On repeat. ♡
X
Love it. =)
Beard Guy jes chillin
That was awesome !!!!
Awesome kids!
So, so amazing.
Awesome tribute guys.
Why is Leonidis relaxing on the hammock?
Good stuff...really gonna miss Tom !!!
Love you guys!
Loved it!!!!! :)
Love it, Very Cute!
素晴らしい。
JUST GREAT! 💛
Lovely tribute
Yes! Love this! Got a Hooters vibe too! Killer! Digging it!
I love this cover . Walk off the earth you guys are amazing .
Stupendo 😍😍😍bacio hai cuccioli di casa da l'Italia
Unrelated. But I would LOVE to hear you do your version of Sia _ Chandelier! Don't how to reach you guys, so figured I'd try in the comment section of your latest video. Love all your stuff. Keep it up! Not assuming you take requests. Sorry if I'm coming off rude. Just figured it was worth mentioning. Greetings from Norway
Respect to Marshall for the Elora Brewing Co. Hat. I've got home roots around that town. Great tribute!
Thanks to you all, WOTE! I needed this today. I needed it days ago, but times are busy. Tom Petty is missed.
It is my request that can you make your next song 'Despacito'
More madness and mayhem. Just as it should be - but with respect! Thanks!! x
heey guys!! could you do a cover of Castle On The Hill (ed sheeran)? :)  \nbtw this is definetly one of my favorite covers! you guys did it amazing, I showed do everyone here in the family (my dad especially loved!) xx from Brazil!
Tom would be proud. Well done everyone! RIP Legendary Tom Petty <3
Holy shit the amazement is beyond comprehension....
Someone should have hit that flaming marshmallow at the camera with the back of a uke.
They are one of my favorite groups!
too good at goodbye please !!!
*tears. My favorite Tom Petty song is Alright For Now. He's alright forever now.
Oh I love the older bluegrass feel... Tom Petty will be so missed  #WootWOTE
I've loved Tom Petty ever since my dad played his music at hime when I was a boy. That's been 25 years ago. I was very sad when I read he passed away, I will miss him. He was unique.
You guys should do let me go by hailee steinfeld ft. Florida Georgia Line
Someone can recommend me songs like this i like how it sound but is the first time i heard something like this
Great tribute guys!   You rock in every since of the word
You guys are amazing!! Love this so much! Great tribute to Tom Petty <3
I was so satisfied when the camera turned to the bearded guy in the hammock.
Hmmmm...never heard of you cats before.\nDigging your sound as we morn the loss of a truly great artist.\nWell met. \npeace
R.I.P. Mr.Petty,great song performed by some great artists right there.love it ❤❤👍👍(on another note how in the hell this video got 72 dislike?)
Are they hiring people? I could be those two on the right easily. Clap some random shit and get to be with WOTE in a video...!
Awesome Tribute.  1st concert I ever saw was Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, at Hec Edmundsen pavilion at UW. Saw him 3 times and loved every show. Would you consider covering Spike, off of Southern Accents, or pack up the plantation live version?  Love Your Music!
They should do a cover of Shut Up and Dance. Who agrees?
Wow... I'm not into this music genre but I love the vibe you guys give off. The sound is smooth. Nice in general. 👍
Another amazing cover and big props to Tom's legacy!
Top downloaded WOTE on Google play (just downloaded it myself) Very cool all the proceeds going to the Heart and Stroke Foundation :D
I would pay good money to sit by the fire with these guys and just listen
When I saw this was a  Tommy Petty cover, I was upset. But after watching and listening I was smiling, singing and clapping😁 Amazing job and don't think Tom would have disagreed...how fun!
You guys are always so amazing.
this kind of looks like a bunch of camp counselors have abandoned all the children
Love this. Thanks Walk of the Earth It's a pleasure to see what you do with music and video and your generosity.
We love you guys!!!!! Amazing cover. Thanks.
Marshal looks like he would be very much at home on a tractor
Ohh damn. How much I've missed you guys.
amazing vibes and color tones, makes me wanna just sit with them and listen
hi. im one of your fans from indonesia. can i request for the next song Walk off the earth use Angklung or Kolintang. :)
Please don't ever stop doing this! You guys are too good :)
that was pretty amazing\nwell done!
Thankyou very much guy's. That was such a  beautiful rendition of the late Tom Petty's  song. Another Legend we all loved. RIP Tom Petty ❤ \nYou rock!
I'm not going to lie and say that I didn't tear up from trying to hold back emotions about this loss. You guys did a great job, I think it's truly good enough for tom
I thought this was going to suck.  I was wrong.  RIP Tommy boy
What a great cover! Thank you, thank you, thank you, and thank you some more.
so well done!! Tom is smiling down! RIP Tom Petty
Lovely tribute to one of the best!  RIP Mr. Petty.
Big ups from Brazil! (y)
thank you for making this.
What a great tribute. Love it.
So much love in the song!
As always, this cover did not disappoint. My 4 year old can't get enough of you guys. He told us today that he has three favorite seasons... summer, fall and walk off the earth 😂 from the mouths of babes. #playburlingtonagain
Totally did it justice dudes and dudette. So great ❤️❤️❤️
Great tribute as far as I'm concerned.  Love the accordion.
can you guys do free falling?
You guys are amazing! Wonderful tribite to an amazing music icon!
If you've never seen the Postman with Kevin Costner.watch tom pettys eyes in the basket scene! That's living!!🖒🖒😉RIP
lost all respect for tom petty when he sued sam smith for royalties because tom was broke. stay with me doesn't have the same melodies or respective choruses as i won't back down. sad
Tom petty was my friend when I really didn't have any , like many  I feel I have known  him for over thirty five years,have a bad day and put tom in it was hard to stay down, thank you for this
Why the heck are y'alls videos not ever popping up for me.  Thought y'all walked off the earth literally.  So glad to hear ya again though.
If you decide to breastfeed, the first couple weeks of breastfeeding are the hardest and there’s such a steep learning curve, but if you are able to push through it, it’s definitely worth it. I will say that if you end up deciding breastfeeding isn’t for you and some people give you a hard time about it, remember that being a good parent is making sure your baby is fed. It doesn’t matter if it’s breastmilk or formula. Fed is best. Period!
I've just had my 5th baby, would love to see an anti haul or products you regret buying once you have this baby. It's surprising how many I wish I'd never bought! Your looking lovely x
If you chopped yourself in half... bahaha, i love how your sense of humor gets injected into whatever you're talking about. Such a chill gal!
I'm only 14 + 2 now and I'm pretty sure I'm just going to be living in stretchy maxi skirts and crop tops for the rest of my pregnancy. It's Spring here in Australia and it's already really hot.
Great video
You look great 😍😍😍
:D
Ovia ia great!  I use ovia fertility!  Great app :)
So I started writing this out in notes thinking I just had one thing to say but turns out I have a few, hence the essay comment!\nI’m a FTM, my daughter is just over 6 weeks old and the only thing really I’d say is just do what works for you and Mike. You will find people will be eager to give advice (not to mention horror labour stories, why?!) and whilst it may be well intentioned, it may not work for you or go against what you plan on doing. Don’t let anyone pressure you into doing something you don’t want, that goes for labour and how you decide to feed. If you breastfeed, great, if you bottle feed, great. As long as your baby gets fed, is happy and puts on weight that’s all that matters. \nIf you do bottle feed I cannot recommend the Tommee Tippee perfect prep machine highly enough, it sorts the water out for you so no waiting around for the kettle to boil and cool, which at 3am is a life saver. The Tommee Tippee electric steriliser is fab too. \nApps wise:\n1. The Wonder Weeks (£1.99), I never pay for apps but this one is amazing. It explains all about babies mental development that keeps you informed about the leaps/bounds and fussy phases. It charts it on a calendar for you which then links to your personal calendar if you want it to. \n2. Sound sleeper: White noise (free), I found out about this from susiejverrill on Instagram and it’s a life saver. If baby is absolutely refusing to go to sleep, pick one of the noises and baby should soon be sound asleep. Mine is currently, finally, sleeping to the womb noise. \nOh and another thing, try and remember you’re doing an amazing job, but it’s also ok to ask for help. It’s hard work and no one will judge you if you ask for help, that’s what dads, grandparents, uncles and aunties are for. But most of all, enjoy absolutely every single second, even those moments where you feel like you don’t know what you’re doing.
omg your skin is GLOWING <3
We found out we are having a girl she is due Valentine's day.
Watching this at 3.30 AM while pumping 😅🐄 #momlife
I love the moment Fleur casually drops: My baby is currently a Papaya. XD
if u plan are breast feed i would highly recommend a nipple cream, the ultra blam from lush works really well, and mama’s nipple butter are my go two’s both are very natural and i love the smell and feel of them... also a good breast pump, breast pads for milk leakage, and make sure ur chair is comfy enough to fall a sleep in, cause i most likely will fall asleep well feeding. i also found a nursing bracelet helpful, u switch from wrist to wrist so u kno witch breast to either start with or that u last feed from .
Hi Fleur! Could you please do a pregnancy approved skincare and makeup?? It would be much appreciated. Congrats and thank you for all your work! ;)
please name your girl Delilah after your first dance song, and matches your name!
please try Bravado nursing bras. They are expensive, but they are the most comfortable bras, period!
Breastfeeding- I was recommended and used this little silver cups for your nipples. I know it sounds odd but silver heals the skin (you re-activate it by washing the cups daily with bicarbonate soda) They're called Silverette \n\nhttp://www.silverette.com/en/cups-how-to-use.php
I have the Ovia app too and i love how it shows you how big the hands and feet are by week
If you don't use fabric conditioner on stretchy jeans leggings etc they last longer. Conditioner ruins latex and other fibres used in stretchy clothes.
Hey Fleur :-) I use the same bras from Emma Jane (my son is now 6 months). I love them as well. I would say - if you decide to breastfeed - you should def get some wool nursing pads (Just a random webside: https://danishwool.com/collections/nursing-pads). It will keep your breasts nice and warm so that you won't get mastitis. Also lanolin balm is great for the nipples :-)
Just a tip for breast feeding. It was really difficult to get my Ellie to breast feed. We had just about had her trained when I had to go away on a business trip. Ruined everything. It's a lot of work to get a child to breast feed, so keep your schedule clear from flying/ travel that would take you away from her until your little one is completely on board with breast feeding (if that's what you choose to do).
The first pregnancy essential is.... who is the father!?
I'm going to have to look into the max vs plus because I'm wondering why anyone would want to take 3 instead of 2 tablets lol. 😵 I am sooooo in love with ur necklace would love to know where it's from please I'll be calling my bump Luna so I'm obsessed with moons! Xxx
Where is your moon/star necklace from Fleur? It is beautiful! Thank you so much for doing this video! Love hearing all the essentials and tips you've figured out along your pregnancy. I'm so excited for you! Btw your glowing! <3
Medela nipple shields and read as much about breastfeeding as possible.
Also with the ovia app, you get 4 choices of the baby size comparison! If you go to the settings, you can chose from fruits/veggies, silly animals, toys, and persian bakery items!
Jools olivers book Minus Nine To One is my favorite Pregnancy book. XX
have you decided what to do with your belly button piercing? you mentioned it in an earlier video and I can't remember if you came to a decision
You should download the Wonder Weeks app for when your bubba is born! It's sooooo helpful for knowing when your babe is entering a leap and gives you heaps of info of what to expect! X
Bra strap in the tea = great YouTube moment!
My bra straps been dipped in my tea 😂😂😂 love you fleur
An absolute essential is Massage oil for your perineal area to avoid ripping during birth 🙃
I'm 36 weeks. I use the Ovia App!! I find it the most entertaining. This week she is the size of a Cabbage patch doll. I am starting to get very uncomfortable. I have to go to the bathroom every hour some nights which is not very cool. But I guess it is training for the interrupted sleeps that I will have in the not so distant future.
Have you tried any of the H&M maternity wear or George at Asda? They look ok for workwear (shirts, trousers etc). Can find lots of jeans but not many proper trousers.
For once baby is here the wonder weeks app is amazing. Lets you know what stages they're going through at that time. (There is alot) like teething not sleeping etc. It really helped me when my little was growing up. He's 3 now the time really goes so quickly! Enjoy being pregnant it was the best time for me! Xx
'My baby is currently a papaya' 😂😂😂
I also had Ovia app when I was pregnant and liked it a lot :) I had my first baby at the end of August. Newborn essential I really like and I don't know if you have it yet is baby-vac...So funny, but it's a tube that you attach to your vacuum and you can clean a baby's nose with it so easily...Babies have stuffed noses so often, even if they don't have a cold and it's hard for them to eat with stuffed nose...Also treat yourself with massages, pedicures, etc. before the baby comes...:D
For goodness sake do your pelvic floor exercises!! In fact self-care in general is massively important when you have a baby (mine's 8 months now). It's very easy to let it fall by the wayside! \nTwo apps I would recommend for finishing off your pregnancy are Kegal Kat and Contraction Timer. The timer will let you track your stage 1 labour, which I found useful to help me decide when to go to the hospital. Also for the hospital I took a prepared playlist with me - it gives your brain something to focus on when the pain gets bad. Remember to take water and snacks for you and Mike! You'll both (mainly you) need your energy!
Ovia does show you fruit too! Just change what you want to see each week - you can switch between fruit & veg, weird animals, fun & games etc
Hi! I’m about a week ahead of you with a boy so it has been so fun watching your updates!! I have been loving super comfy pajama shorts since I get so hot at night and long tank tops with cardigans as it gets into Fall in the US. My skin has been super dry so I have been going through sheet masks like crazy! XOXO
There is an app called Sprout I think you might like. I’m due next week but feel ready now!
Super helpful video! I'm looking forward to getting some comfy maternity wear in the next month (it's early days for me). But I'll be checking out those vitamins today as I do want to take omega 3 as well 🙂
My little boy is six months and the most used things for me are muslins... Millions of them!!he spits up and protects us from having to change a million times a day.\nA basic light weight bouncer, I have two a tiny love rocker and napper(which is also brilliant as it lies flat)and a mothercare basic one as I can lift it one handed so if I need to go to different rooms or the bathroom its portable, I probably used it most for getting ready in my dressing room as he could see me and I wasn't running in and out of rooms to check him.\nA lie flat high chair, hauck do one and other brands(think stokke have new born inserts for theirs,they are very lush looking).bit more  pricier but great for sitting at table or in kitchen and eating and good way to get bubs used to seeing food getting made,eaten,sitting as a family.\nNot new born but my boy is now weaning and I live the Annabel karmel silicone freezer trays supper easy to batch cook and the weaning app on app store for ideas.\nHave loafs more but will leave it here...good luck xkx
Epsom salt baths when I got near the end 🙌
http://www.bounty.com/pregnancy-and-birth/pregnancy/pregnancy-week-by-week/20-weeks-pregnant this like but many more websites
I really loved the H&M maternity jeggings with the full panel that goes all the way up, way more comfortable in my opinion! Also during towards the end of my pregnancy I could not wear any sort of jeans/leggings I lived in maxi dresses!
Newborn essential - this is a bit of a strange one but the Phillips' 'Hue' light bulbs and hub have saved me with my nighttime feeds. You can control your lights with an app on your phone including a dimmer option so you don't need to get up and turn on bright lights at 3am, if you have a bedside cot, you won't even need to get out of bed! I am a wheelchair user so this has literally been the best thing ever!
I would recommend lots of relaxation and sleep since you won't be getting much in the first few months! Keeping your stress levels low is key! A pregnancy pillow is a must have especially towards the end! Go out to restaurants and lots of movies as you won't get a chance to do that as much later! Also I would recommend packing your hospital bag early so you don't end up like me when my baby decided to come early and we were packing after my water broke! Keep an open mind about everything especially labour and birth! Most of all enjoy the pregnancy and savour this special time!
I don't know if you've already seen it but Whitney Port from the Hills has a YouTube channel vlogging her pregnancy and birth. As a momma myself I wish her channel was there when I had my daughter...she is so real and honest. I hope you will check it out :)
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Prenatal vitamins are so important during pregnancy and also if nursing.  Those pregnancy apps look fun to use 👶🏼😊
you are glowing Fleur, i loved Ovia when i was pregnant
This is pretty random, but I’m currently 18 weeks with my first, loving maternity jeans, but I miss tucking in tops!  Anyone else experiencing this? 😆
I'm soaking up every single pregnancy content that you put up lol, so so interesting
Number 1 essential when I had my baby girl: Fisher Price Rock n’ Play. She slept in it until she was 6 months old. It rocks and has a sound machine attached... folds up flat for travel. Super light and easy to move around from room to room. I think it was $75 US. So excited for you guys! My Ava is 19 months old and time is just flying so quickly. Being a mom is just the greatest gift 😊 Enjoy every second!
You might not be this far ahead yet for preparing but I highly recommend socks for labor and a lovely lip balm. I had long labors and forgot socks the first time and the air con is freezing and if you have gas and air your lips get so dry x
Yeah my name is Joni, glad you are enjoying my jeans!😅
Are you going to do a nursery tour soon? :D Pretty please!
I don't have a baby myself but im a caregiver and i'd say you need tons of biebs, specially if you care about your baby looking neat. You will need to change them often, for heavy drooling days (lol) i recomend you look for the ones that have plastic lining on the back so moisture stays away from her skin. Also all plastic when they start with food, spots find their way and are hard to remove!
For my third pregnancy I read Jenny McCarthy's Belly Laughs. It is an interesting read. It talks about stuff during pregnancy/birth that are taboo and I found it pretty funny and real.
You should try reading a parenting book called Bringing up Bebe, it's about French parenting techniques, and an American parent. It's really eye opening!
I'm currently 8 months pregnant and I just wanted to say first that I love your updates! Also that if you want to geek it a little more the book the first 6 months is a fantastic book for newborn Info, it's written by a midwife and it's an Australian book if you want to check it out. Xx
Fleur I am obsessed in watching Emily Norris videos. She has done baby essentials which I found really useful
I'm happy for you Fleur!☺
I am actually a nanny for a currently 9month old. But have been with him since he was 3 months.  The things that i would recommend are the BabyWise book by Robert Bucknam M.D. and Gary Ezzo!! The most incredible philosophy on sleep.  Its all about fitting a baby in to your life versus the other way around.  The parents i work for are able to live their normal lives, and know when their child while actually be sleeping versus having a new schedule everyday.  Also a dock-a-tot!!! and back is best sleep suits!
Great video! I'm just behind you at 25 weeks, and I've been loving the Palmer's oil for my belly. I need to try the tummy butter! And I've been reading Bringing up Bébé. Love the book so far. Great advice from an American ex-pat living in France. Hope you're enjoying your pregnancy! You look beautiful! xx
Do you think you and Mike  or just you will do a baby names we love but won't be using video?
pregnacare max is the best used it throughout my pregnancy.....
Two kids down, working on a third. Definitely buy (if avail in UK): Nose Frida, Kinsa Smart Thermometer (probe kind), coconut oil for breastfeeding, and a touch lamp.
I'm 23 weeks pregnant and I'm so glad im not the only freak obsessed with watching every newborn essentials video on YouTube haha
My son is now 18 weeks old and my essentials were my fit ball to bounce on as I got close to due date, soft sports bras for bed and night shirts a pose to pj's. when you pack your hospital bag make sure you take some pre made milk bottles I.e cow and gate etc inc saw it takes a while for baby to latch I had been awake for days and my son had tongue tie so our only way to feed him was formula to start.? I have commented before but aquanatal classes are the best thing I ever did for exercise and to meet other mums. My no.1 tip is to meet other people at antenatal classes that are due a similar time, no matter what you read nothing beats k owing other people are going through the exact same and it is the best form of support as a new mum, I never ever read a pregnancy book as it is such a personal experience you just learn and develop every day when baby arrives. enjoy every second of being pregnant, before you know it you will have the most perfect little person by your side but my gosh you will miss your bump after a while. It's honestly the best feeling in the world xxxx
Yes leggings are a must during the last part of pregnancy and if there is one thing to invest in for baby it's a good car seat and stroller hands down
I just had my baby girl last week!!' Definitely recommended sleepyhead ! You should do a 'favourite names' , 💯for the Topshop jeans x
Hey Fleur! Would you talk about how pregnancy has effected your relationship with Mike? All good if that's too personal though! Xx
I don't have kids yet but I really like your videos :) \nWhere are your necklaces from? They're SO cute.\nAnd I also love your iPhone cover - where is it from?
I’m 35 weeks I use the glow nurture app I find talking to other ladies due the same time as me reassuring
Have you been keeping a pregnancy journal? I've always considered keeping one when I get pregnant but I'm bot sure how time consuming that would be
Omg this was me last year- I can't believe how fast this year has gone. My little boy was born 27th December. Savour everything because you'll blink and miss it!!
On Ovia, at least in the US, you can  change the size comparisons. Mines currently toys, but you can change it to fruit if you want!
I'm 20 weeks pregnant, my essentials are also the pregnacare max and clarins body tonic oil for my tummy it smells amazing and last for ages!!! Xxxxx
Where is that moon and star necklace from!? So beautiful! For me i found bio oil actually was more effective for stretch marks based on my two pregnancies. Second pregnancy i combined the body butter with bio oil and saw a significant difference.
Hi Fleur, I think we are going to have babies around the same time! Xmas babies :) My essentials have been loose fitting dresses, baby apps The Bump and Ovia, Palmers cocao butter, and teas! First mint tea helped me with my gas in the evening but it ended up giving me more heartburn (was probably overdoing it) so I switched to Chamomile tea and drink it max once a day. Another thing I have been loving is watching pregnancy updates, newborn essentials and a day in the life with newborn videos on Youtube haha! Saludos
I’m 32 weeks pregnant with my 3rd and the biggest essential I can recommend is SLEEP!!! \nRelax and sleep as much as possible. Also, try a pregnancy massage....heaven!!
crazy but importent: Don't forget the dogs:) let them a good smiff of the baby before she'll arrive home xoxo
I’ve just noticed your audience is (also) growing at past the 1/2 million mark!  Congrats on keeping great content coming, including your wonderful pregnancy vlogs 💖
Would so love to see a baby names video from you!! Xx
Without plugging....I have filmed loads of videos on pregnancy and breastfeeding. It can be really tough and quite lonely. I found YouTube so helpful for any questions I had xxx
I'm 6months ahead. Wren is 16 weeks now. Postpartum essential; high waisted leggings that suck you in again because I felt like I was falling apart, so empty and flabby and most of my maternity jeans just let the flab hang out! These ones are most like the ones I had. \nhttps://m.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/textured-elastic-ponte-legging-5855128\n\nBreastfeeding essential is support. All hands on deck to feed you and keep the tea and toast and pillows and blankets coming especially that first two weeks. It will hurt a lot until it doesn't. Cabbage leaves for engorgement work really well, surprisingly! \nBaby essentials; Vibrating bouncer seat, clevamama sleep pod, playmat with overhead toys, mirror for the car headrest. \nAnd the very first thing I ditched was my fancy over the shoulder nappy bag in favour of a backpack style handbag from primark. Throw it on your back, both hands free for baby. \nOh and keep getting baby clothes YOU love because you'll get SO many pink things or baby gear emblazoned with Daddy's little princess. x
If you are doings a name reveal, pls, pls, pls, Please do a sugar cookie name eveal
when is she due
I really hope you do breastfeed! It's the most nutritious and wonderful milk for your baby and there's nothing quite like it on Earth. Make use of lactation consultants too who can and will make your breastfeeding journey easier. \nMany women stop due to them thinking they're not producing enough, when in fact it's just the baby cluster feeding! Newborns eat constantly, it's their way of regulating your milk supply and will take around 12 weeks to establish. \nIf you haven't already, read up the science behind it all. It's incredible stuff! ❤️
My mom was pregnant in the very early 70s, and there wasn't such a thing as prenatal care in those days (no vitamins either). She lost a few teeth due to it, no joke (because I was taking all of the calcium out of her). I think it's essential to get these vitamins in and I'm glad they do this now and it exists!
Loved watching this even though I'm currently not pregnant 😍
Oh my goodness, I wasn't prepared for the fruit thing and you saying your baby is currently a papaya. :D
Currently my baby is a papaya... That made me laugh... So cute
hi  fleur ! how many weight have you gain ??
Which items are sponsored? The first one I'd say?
Are you sure you're normally a 32C Fleur? I was measured as a 32C recently and I'm quite busty for my petite frame. Either that or you just hide your boobs very well :-)
An Ad? Seriously?? Come on.
sexy pilgrim and lamp shades...
i love you sooo much hahahaa
DEH! IM DEAD
CONNOR'S MILLENNIAL NIPPLE.
Yeeeeesss BEN PLATT IS EVERYTHINGGGG
light up skeleton 💀
I CLICKED BECAUSE DEH
im hoping to be Velma from Scooby Doo for halloween
but like how do you make the cast ???
I'm going to be darth vader
La Croy... Im not sure but isn’t it pronounced “La Croa” , idk but THESE LOOK AMZING
Where the heck did you get that Evan Hansen polo? I cannot find it ANYWHERE
This channel is a mess
I will be Harley Quinn!
I wish that was what my grindr home screen looked like tbh but all I get are headless torsos
Tyler has spooktober Anthony has c**ktober and dnp have spooky week I'm in heaven 😍😍😍❤️❤️😍
Glam Pennywise...
Identical!!
THE GRINDR HOMESCREEN IM DEAD
Serving old-school Ty realness
THE GRINDR HOMESCREEN IM LEGIT DEAD
my friends and i are doing the mean girls cast
I'm gonna be Ryan Ross for Halloween
I saw DEH and I immediately clicked
I SAW EVAN HANSEN IN THE THUMBMAIL AND SCREAMED, I'M SHOOK
Yoooo A Handmaiden's Tale is so fucked.
I’m either being Evan Hansen or Peter Pan
No, but for real...who was Discreet?
Easy breezy
Same ty same
DEAR EVAN HANSEEEEEEEN GFFHGFFGHFTGGTT BEN MY CHILD FUCK ME GENTLY WITH A CHAINSAW
Lmao I love dear Evan Hansen
DEAR EVAN HANSEN OML
Everyone who speaks French cringed to the point of death when he pronounced pamplemousse like that😂
These last two costumes SLAYED me! <3 Love you Tyler XD
But where does one get the 'official shirt'?
I LIVE FOR YOUR COMMENTARY
Only came because I saw dear Evan hansen  😂😂 where's my musical squad?
Being Wednesday Addams for like the 2 yr in a row lol
Where did you get the dear Evan Hansen shirt I wanted to dress u0 as him for Halloween
omg TROYLER
DEAR EVAN HANSEN YASSSSSS
Dear Evan Hansen though...
THE GRINDR COSTUME HAD ME
I'm being Eeyore
The Grindr Homescreen had me SHOOK! XD
Yasss
Shoutout pleas my insta user marietoompuu
♡ I love u Tyler\n\nINSTAGRAM: @ITSCALLEDAESTHETIC
noticed me yet
Instagram:troyeislove.troyeislife\nLy ❤️❤️
Paula sent from ig
Evie_mayxox
My username is Esme Frances134 ilysm ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Helloooooooo mr spookley
Hiiii ilyyy @planetary.plant
Hi tyler
Would love a shoutout! @skyler_joyce
tristi.roosa on instagram :)) love you tyler
Meow I want one
@sarah._bennett
Tyler my Instagram is world_of_gaga
My Instagram username is kool_kid2005
@ Willowwhispers181
Insta drichy526
____oliiviia____ from insta (:
aleisha._14 my instan name
From insta 😝 @xenadorritt (pronounced zee-na)
Bonnie and Clyde with my boyfriend
You sound like fix it felix and ever since I noticed it I can't unsee it!
I'm going to be Connor Murphy from DEH for halloween
Please make more videos together!!!!! HILARIOUS!!!
I'm in Poland for Halloween
Anyone else upset that Troye’s profile on the Grindr costume wasn’t marked as a favorite?
ITS BEEN SO LONG
“I feel like I see it on billboard so it must be a look” you also see bts on billboard but where’s the JungSHOOK costume
JUMP OFF A BRIDGE!
Aye, it's anxious tree boy
While your in the UK you should do a colabe with Dan and Phil!
I'm here can I get a shoutout Instagram is Maribel70000
Remember wen u used to go out with Zoe lyl xxxx
Hey Tyler! i love your videos. im here from instagram! @Isabellej523
My Lil bb running things!! Ily so much you make me smile 😊! My insta is sydney__jane_
Insta is hope_mulloy ❤️❤️❤️❤️and your so inspirational X
I love you so much miagrace55
Hiiiiiiiiiiiii my Instagram is black and the schools 200 love your vets and please may I have a shout out xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Instagram sent me!! I love you tyler. My ig is jordan.mikaela
From Instagram live ❤(usurname: @_harena) just keep doing what you love you're amazing 🤗from France
Hi Tyler I’m coming to see you in the Uk \n\nInstgram sammie_wass_09\n\nPs love you
Love you my Instagram is nikki_xxo
My instagram is roxyrixon and love you tyler x
HIII TYLERRR PLEASE SAY MY NAME ON THE LIVESTREAM
I'm here from instagram! I love you tyler  @macyshay_
Instgram alexa11626 - you are a inspiration love you so much thank you for everything ❤️
Lol I am commenting before watching but I love you and I will keep watching because I am generally interested to watch you, not just comment my Insta 😂💕 @little.body.blue.heart from Insta :)
I'm watching the live broadcast
NWATLAS_ \nPronounced Northwest Atlas,\n\nLove you Tyler and everything you do, you're a true inspiration and I look up to you and any chance to tell you that I think you were amazing I will take it! I hope you have an amazing week thank you again for everything that you do for the LGBTQ+ plus community! #shoutout
Hey Tyler on your live you said you will shout people out that comment on your video\n there instagram so herexxduhitzttxx
@ernoleht
DO A COLLAB WITH JOE SUGG. ❤❤ I'M in the south of England, but I don't know how I'll get to Birmingham. I'LL TRY QUEEN
Okay so I might add that yes, Scott does need a few more parts, but 1: He knew what he was getting himself into when he started singing with Mitch alone. 2: He was most of the lead in Pentatonix so he can take a breather and let Mitch be the show, and he has and I thank him for that. They are both equally amazing and they know what they are doing they don't need other people to tell them what and what not to do. I applaud you both.
oml this is fire tbh. this should have more views it's so good!
You guys just keep getting better and better. As if that was even possible!!! I'm so happy for and proud of you two!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I had reached the point in my life where I didn’t think Scott could get any hotter, but I was SORELY 👏🏼 MISTAKEN 👏🏼 and I’m living for it.
Omf this video is so damn good
OK BUT THIS VIDEO IS FIRE THE PRODUCTION IS FIRE THE CINEMATOGRAPHY IS FIRE THE EDITING IS FIRE THE ACTING IS FIRE THIS SONG IS FIRE THE HARMONIES ARE FIRE AND I'M SO FUCKING PROUD OF THEM AHHHHHHHHHH
I. CANT. STOP. REPLAYING.
my scomiche meter just broke...
NO,, PLEASE DON'T BECOME A GAY,, PLEASE\nfalling in Scoot Hoying
So, i am just gonna say i am so glad i don't really like this one. \n\nIt makes me feel like they are normal people. Because, this album is fucking fire.\n\n#cometorichmondva
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
I'm Digging this song
I've never commented on a video before, but you guys are my heroes! <3 Keep up your amazing work and please never change!
Mitch's mustache is so... great??? Like, how??? It's not even cheesy or anything like wow I'm so impressed
THIS SONG MESSES ME UP
Baby this was way too intense for me.
The video Scömìche shippers have been waiting their entire lives for
Wow that did something for me
Have it on 1.25 speed, thank me later. :)
WHAT IS THIS I AM ATTACKED FALL BACK OHMYGOD
Mitch is looking so Daddy in this!!
mitch looks like a hot mexican mafia
JUST GET FUCKING MARRIED ALL READY WHY YOU GOTTA PLAY ME LIKE DAT
Mitch w/your current look, I truly hope you audition for the role of Freddy Mercury when some studio decides to do a Queen biopic.
I don't understand how this doesn't have 1 million views already...
Thanks for teasing all of us you evil bitches.  Loved it!!!!!!
WONDERFUL SONG, LOVE YOU MITCH AND SCOTT
Mitch rockin' the killer 'stache! Brilliant track - more please!
Such a good song.
I just need to get one thing off my chest..........Mitch looks like a French factory worker from the 19th century
In next video they could both be canadian lumberjacks.
Love you guys and always have, BUT Mitch hunny! Yes the stach changes your face, but there are a lot of angles that makes it look 70’s trucker porn star. No shade rly, just trying to help.
God srsly shave that mustache please. I'm such a big fan but im not a fan of that mustache \nBut your music is as amazingly bomb as always. Keep on slayin💖
I love mitch his my crush 😭😭😭😣😣😣😣😗😗😚😚 but I know he will not notice me cause iam just a little girl who dream him 😭😭😭😭 i hope you read this comment😥😥😥😭😭😭😅😅😗😗😚😚😘😍😍 i really hope you notice me can you help me  so he can notice by  mitch
My gay fangirl heart.... can I just mention how Mitch /doesn't/ have 20 different fabulous outfits (each more colorful and fashionable than the last) in this video. I'm shocked.
Don't really know who these guys are.. but I love the video & the song is awesome 💯
Still confused why Katy Perry is still more relevant than these guys...this is the most talent that has ever happened! Superfruit is GOLD.
OMG love it so much. Reminds me of the dangerous woman album!!!
I love them but the mustache just mmmmmm
Scott reminds me of a vampire from The Lost Boys movie
fantastic song \nfantastic video \nfantastic artist   \n I love superfruit\n I love mitch\n I love Scott \nI LOVE DENY U
Channelling Freddie Mercury Mitch! I see you ;)
unlike justin beibers new song, this song will NEVER get old.
2:04 When someone laughs at my girlfriends joke.
Legit. I started sobbing in the middle of class because of this video. T h a n k s.
I can't stop watching this 😭😭 it's so gooooood 😍😍
this brought me back to life
I want to play this song till it leaks through my ears. Fun. :)
At 0:11 Mitch reminds me of Mario but in a good way
Mitch makes me think of Freddie mercury with that look
Scott NEVER make the faces you made in the video EVER again
fans: SCOMICHE HAS TO BE REAL \nI try but I can't deny....\nfans: COME ONNNNN
only 25k people liked this\nthat is statistically impossible!\nit should be over 100k
I'm a simple girl. I see a new video from superfruit. I click it and up vote it right away. And I wasn't disappointed! Awesome work guys
This video is INCREDIBLE!! Beautiful, haunting, and fits the song perfectly - obsessed to say the least <3\n\nxxxxxxx
This is so beautiful
Waiting for Fantasy MV with Amber Liu <3
The beat is INSANE!!!!!! Love this sooooo much!!! Keep going!!! #bestwishes from Germany!!!!
SCOMICHE NEEDS TO LIKE HAPPEN AND THIS PROOF!!!
I HAVE to say this! I looooove Mitch's moustache!!!
This is hands down my favourite song you guys have ever released!! The harmonies are amazing and I keep listening to this on repeat
I can't stop listening to this
Also I’m obsessed with the song. Damn, I can’t stop listening.
THIS SONG IS SO GOOODDDDD
This music video is AMAZING
i relate to much to this song.
scott and mitch, to each other: i try but i can't deny u\nus: SIS WE BEEN KNEW
There's so many Scott's in this video though I love it
MY SCÖMÌCHE HEART
this is my favorite song off the album and this mv is so good i’m in love 
WOWIE THIS VIDEO
Heart found
dammit!
Pornstache
The. Mustache. Though.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!
<3
AAAAAAA SO gOoD
I’m obsessed
1:15 Dadddyyyyyy
They're married
you're my Robin lmao
Mitch:trigger the gun..\nMe:Oh no. I'm dead.
MITCH IS SINGING ABOUT SCOTT HOLY CRAP
my absolute favorite <3
ON REPEAT!
As expected, Another BOP
mitch best look
the concept 😭😭😭😭😍💜
loooooooooooooooooooooove it!!!!!!
Oh my godddd hes everywhere 💙💙💙
omg scott is making me straight in this vidio haha
Why does Mitch look like a pedophile (Its a joke!!)
SONG CODEWORD FOR BIGGER WORSER MASSACRES OF AMERICANS \nTHIS SHIT PYSOP CANCER CONDUCTED \nBY ILLUMINAT FUCKS HAS GOTTEN OLD QUICK \nTIME T O  S P I L L THE  B L O O D OF THOSE WHO SPILL B L O O D\n#DUEtoRACISM #DUEtoNARCISSISM #DUEtoGREED #FUCKBIGGOTRY #FUCKSATANISM
Mitch, please shave...you look like a creeper 👀
God damn I have never been more attracted to Scott in my life. I know he's cute and all but they did an amazing job turning him into forbidden fruit. I feel like I'm hung up on Scott too now lol
Mitch please shave off your moustache!! 😂😭😭 I love you so much and your the queen but please do that!
am i the only one that would want bloopers from this video because i feel like they went through alot of takes because scott and mitch would burst out laughing from trying to be serious.
To everyone who interprets this as Mitch having a thing for Scott, but vainly trying to get rid of it: just because they decided Mitch would have the lead on this song, doesn't mean it's written from his perspective. We all know they wrote their songs together, so it's equally possible most of the input for (the feelings behind) the lyrics could've been from Scott. The roles in the video are just convenient because Mitch sings the lead, but he does so in almost the entire album. That doesn't mean he wrote all the songs. You get what I'm trying to say? :) On the other hand, it could be inspired by other people they know, and not by personal experiences. It's open for interpretation, right? Anyway, I think they did the acting greatly. It's a fucking good video.
Please tell me this is confirmation enough that Scott is bi 'cause I could seriously use some bisexual representation
The latest series that was released on Netlfix was literally the weakest series of them all. Black Mirror lost all of it's uniqueness and the plot lines were predictable and didn't smack such a hard punch as the previous seasons did.
At the start of this ep, you focus on one of the worst eps of black mirror and ask the question why do we watch it. That particular ep was not indicative of the show in general AT ALL. It was a crap episode. Black Mirror is like that. . . out of the what, 12 episodes most of the eps are full on dead-eye target hits, while 3-4 of them are complete misses.\n\nAnd now i'll watch the rest of the video. \n\n[EDIT] JESUS CHRIST the next example in the vid is the universally disliked pig fucker episode.
I don't comment a lot. My love for Black Mirror makes me do this. Thank you for highlighting the uniqueness of this brilliant show (somewhat cannibalized by Netflix and the USA episodes). If you haven't seen this show: WATCH IT! Like only a few other series out there you will learn stuff, it will change your perception.
The sudden transition to the Blue Apron ad was somehow the funniest thing I've seen today.
Love your videos, dude and I get that you are getting sponsored by Blue Apron, but to be honest that box just looks like a ton of plastic. Looks fancy and the idea sounds cool, but that's just producing way to much waste for one meal.
You should make a good analasys on Reqium for a dream. I really like the movie and im not really sure why. Sorry for english
I find Black Mirror to be closer to SAW than anything else, although it skips out on the whole gore thing, the underlying concept feels the same to me: Senseless tragedy and pain for no reason, hence the reason I didn't enjoy it at all. I'll take Breaking Bad instead.\n\nGreat summary though, as always
Ohhhh! Black mirrors are the screens that we look into.  How did I just get that?
i disagree with you and think that black mirror cathartic in the same way that watching a horror movie is cathartic. You get to confront your fears and be cleansed of them a little. (although some horror movies make you more afraid of stuff so bad example) Your point about bad stuff happening to good people can be seen in Medea where a greek audience sees Jason has the hero having his wife and sons murdered before him.
Love Black Mirror but can't stand to watch it alone as the grief becomes all consuming.
A little mistake on 0:56 The episode 15 million merits is actually Season 1 Episode 2
black mirror is a part of CIA psych ops to make humans seem like animals and soulless. Tragedy in art is there to LEARN from the message but when the point of tragedy is hopelessness then this is the death of the soul. a story without a message is pointless and black mirror is a shit show. its a part of bad art like modern art. don't be confused. Life is about Good vs evil and if you abandon this, you abandon hope and purpose in life. If this is exciting to you then I feel sorry for you because you are a zombie
to underaged kids ? I'm pretty sure it was just normal porn
Black Mirror is the 21st century's Twilight Zone, but w/out the innocence of its conceit.
I'm generally on board with your analysis, but I think you've misstepped here - or, perhaps, haven't stepped far enough.  The lack of catharsis might be why we watch this show, and films  like it, but without the catharsis, and certainly without the 'moral,' this kind of literature is corrosive to both the individual human and the society as a whole. You've made the point before, but I'll repeat it here, stories make us who we are, and world-building can be a dangerous activity.  A world built with violence and no catharsis, no moral, is a world that creates people who are at best apathetic and insensitive, and at worst, violent themselves - and those are not mutually exclusive positions. Perhaps we are drawn to it for exactly the reasons you've indicated, but the question becomes should we be?  Even if we are drawn  because we are already headed in this direction, wouldn't it be better to turn away from this kind of literature.  It's us in a mirror darkly, I get it.  But, the point of that allusion - and especially the Bible verse it's drawn from - isn't to dive into the darkness, but to know where our limitations are and move forward in love.  Keep up the great work!
You seem really enlightened. I wonder why you still eat animals?
what typeface do you use?! it's beautiful!
All this silly talk about spoilers. One of the greatest shows ever made was built on spoilers- and that show is Columbo. It innovated the idea of showing the murder so the audience could then enjoy, not solving the murder themselves, but watching how a great character did it. And that was first made in the early 70s. Black Mirror forces us to think about ourselves, much like columbo, could we behave in the same way if put into such a situation. Charlie Brooker produces original work unlike a lot of the crap that is produced today. Charlie Brooker is the modern Columbo.
The White Christmas episode still haunts me.
The show is also about survival. What do people find themselves willing to do to survive?  But often the characters don't even know if their choices will help them survive.  And survive has a different meaning for each story. It's not necessarily a life or death situation, but more of a mental situation.
what music is he using from 4:56 ??
I couldn't stick with it after the first episode. I found it overly long with a lot of filler.
Stupid and boring show...waste of time.
What's the name of the song in the very beginning of the video?
I dont watch it because it makes me feel like shit.
Nice spoiler of Breaking Bad hahaha
Reading the comments under many clips of the show it's clear that a lot of viewers don't even get Black Mirror and basically are the same kind of bloodthirsty Medieval mob justice people with technology and dystopian scenarios the show warns us about. The theme park for punished criminals *with absolutely no recollection of their bad actions and completely innocent from their own present point of view* was just scary. The process is also repeated daily for who knows how long. For public entertainment! Yet some commenters think it's a good punishment and seem to believe the show defends or glorifies these brutal methods.
What the fuck Blue apron, 2 kilograms of plastic with every meal? I like the channel but I dislike the sponsor…
haha he is not a father
Do one on persons of interest and zootopia. Please.
It's not really to do with the execution of tragedy and catharsis.  It's popular because it doesn't make the point obvious.  You're inclined to watch it from the start because you want to figure out what weird thing is happening.  The endings are often twists.  The structure lends itself to catharsis but many stories do.  It departs from the typical story arch though, you're rewarded with satisfaction in knowledge rather than satisfaction in resolution.  If you've any interest in marketing things to gen-Xers and Millenials you'll understand why that's important.
To me, Twilight Zone did what Black Mirror does, without the need to think about futuristic technology. \nThe world was grounded for it's time, and even when there would be a morality to the story, it never made you feel content and have resolution. \nIf anything, it made you feel like you were just as capable of doing the messed up stuff people do in that episode.
A love Eminem so much.. but please could talk about why actors like Jim Carrey, will smith still lost to find only one Oscar.
Talk about Mother! please
okay i will watch it\ni will\ni promise
Have you put on weight?
My only note is that at 2:07 you say the public does not enjoy/seek out tragedy in real life. I need only point out how the 24 hour news cycle that has made this very thing a form of entertainment as opposed to informational like news was originally intended. Love the channel. Keep it up.
As for me it's also addictive not cause of this tragedy things ,but much more cause it shows people and society their problems in pretty aggressive and dirty way.\nLike...FACE IT,you're piece of ...poop.\nAnd it's all built on this small pieces.
At 0:56 it says that Fifteen Million Merits is season 3, episode 6... it's actually season 1, episode 2
Please do an video about the movie mother 😭😭😭😩😩😩😩
Enjoyed this video. Interesting layout of how you analysed Black Mirror with mentions of GOT.
I love your videos so much! I even watch the ones about topics that usually don't interest me. This week's topic is definitely an interesting one, though.\nI've seen the first but I've never watched the second episode of Black Mirror, probably for the same reason I'm never going to rewatch Idiocracy. I feel that both, BMs first episode and the idea behind Idiocracy are brilliant, but I've always said I feel they hit to close to home. I've despised the people tuning in on the Prime Minister's misery in the first episode of BM, while realising that, by watching the show, I was one of them. The uneasy feeling of voyeurism while being helpless to do something to relief the PM's pain is unbearable. Idiocracy on the other simply didn't make me laugh. Not because it wasn't hilarious but because it was too close to our modern day reality. When a certain president was elected last year I couldn't stop thinking about how shockingly close we are to what was meant to be a socio-political satire.
Black mirror causes empathy toward those who we would at first argue don't deserve it\n or takes away are empathy towards those who we thought deserved it\n\nSomeone who has watched the episode will find themselves often arguing with people who have only heard the premise
I'm such a massive fan of black mirror. I would to hear your commentary on each episode.
Nice video, wow I didn't know blue Apron has soooo much plastic packaging, that's horrible.
Best show ever Black Mirror
It was so much better when it was directed at a British audience.
can you please do a video on Revisionist History by Malcolm Gladwell
With the one bright spot being my sweet perfect 80's Lesbians
I need to watch things die - from a good safe distance \nVicariously I live while the whole world dies
I'd argue that we do enjoy tragedy in real life, not always, but often.
Bulllfighting is the culmination of this - death is an actor - death visits the stage.
I like it mostly for its thought provoking , high technological future subject.\n , the idea of a virtual heaven? To live withA homunculus with your loved ones dead memories and personality just for your sake?( this one was the most for me cuz its relatable) , man , there's nothing to not love about this series.
The first episode was the only episode that really got me. You think it starts out as a joke but in the end you feel really really bad jus tlike the citizens in the show.
Can someone who likes the show help me out with a question?\nI haven't seen the show. But looking at this video, I can see that, obviously, it invokes a lot of heavy emotions, it looks beautiful, it seems very original,... but. It also seems a lot like torture-porn? \n\nLike, look how miserable we can make those people, and how they don't deserve it, and how they can't get out and it's depressing and disgusting. Watch how we can take all kinds of people and put them through all kinds of crap. Enjoy how they get emotionally broken! Be amazed at how _original_ the torture is, too! \nObviously that will make me feel heavy emotions. It still feels like a sort of Hunger Games. Torture porn on the next level; not with (or solely with) physical torture, but with elaborate psychological schemes/happenings. Saw in pretty, for the intellectual!\n\nAgain I want to point out that I haven't seen BM. I'm _not_ judging it. This is just the impression I've got from this video, but considering some of the people who love it I think that this can't be quite true. (The show's probably really good even.) So, anybody like the show and want to 'defend' and explain it a little to me, please? :D
Because Charlie Brooker is a fucking genius that's why.
So much talk so little said. Unsubbed
fuck your sponsors go to a supermarket
Once again, SO GOOD
at 0:55 the caption says fifteen million merits, Season 3 Episode 6 but it is actually Season 1 Episode 2
Can anyone tell me which season the GOT spoilers are? I’m on 5.5
Here is the thing. \nI had never heard of Black Mirror until you posted this video. I clicked Watch Later and started watching them on Netflix. I just finished the last episode. \n1. I didnt want any spoilers \n2. Well there isnt a 2 other than to say there isnt a two\nI sure am glad i didnt watch this until after I was done!  Which ive seen every single one of your videos so I knew enough not to watch unit i was ready. \nGreat video btw. As always. \nAny more great shows i havent heard of you want to tell me about????  I am now kinda sad that i binged watched the fucking awesomeness that was BLACK MIRROR? I NEED MORE!!!!
What is the name of the song that comes on at 6:55???? It is the same song from the episode.. A Million Merits.. the theme... pleaseeeeeeee help.
Please do a video on A Ghost Story
0:56 Fifteen Million Merits is the second episode of the first series.
I couldn't get past the first episode, not my cup of tea
I thought the sponsored bit at the the end of the video was a lead up to something really dark and messy. It wasn't. And thereby totally ruining the actual message of the whole video.
Black Mirror is disgusting. A show entirely based on covering the deepest depravity of humanity. Shows like this should not exist.
I don't get why Black Mirror is so revered. I don't think it's clever. You know how each episode is going to end. Badly. You know your going to watch character A go through situation X, and the opposite of desrired outcome Z is going to happen and in the rare cases where Z does occur it never justifies X. There. Black Mirror explained in a word formula.
I love your videos man! Great work as well. Only this time I don't understand why you mention that Black Mirror doesn't evolve around the concept of Catharsis? I think it is fundamentally based on that concept as almost every hero of every episode is, in the end, subdued to the process of facing the consequences of it's own actions. With a tragic end in most cases as they couldn't avoid their fate, that they themselves created. Would love to understand more what you mean. Thanks!
well thanks. i will safely skip this show if i happen to stumble upon it. the idea of convening meaningless tragedies is not new. always wonder whether it's a good thing or not. never been my thing...\ni thought game of thrones was about families fighting? may have to skip it too
That's why I don't like the highly praised San Junipero, as much as it is a beautiful a story, it's the least Black mirrorish episode of the whole show.
Hey Nerdwriter, can I subtitle some of your videos into Turkish and post them ? credits to you of course
Oh, shut the fuck up.
Fuck. Being spoiled by this video is a Black Mirror episode itself. P.S. Blue Apron would be å great title for this.
PhillyD brought me here. GREAT VIDEO!! But where was the BB spoiler?
Black Mirror’s episodes don’t remind of tragedies like Macbeth, Romeo and Juliet, or Antigone, but it very much reminds me of 1984. Those first three plays end with a closure and you feel the characters like Macbeth, the Capulets and Montagues, and Oedipus got what they deserved in some way. But in 1984 and Black Mirror there is no satisfaction and no one really gets what they deserve.
I'll get the family deal for one person
It deals with a lot of cruel and unusual punishment. Having one’s memory wipes every day and tortured for people’s entertainment? Indefinitely?? Forced to literally spend a million years in complete isolation with nothing? That was especially fucked up considering that he was a good guy and only did what he did because of impulsive, angry behavior. Also, what good does it do to punish someone’s copy for millennia when the organic version’s still locked up? What are they going to do to the original? Such technology could be used for so much good yet here it is used for ruthless torture and the enslavement of sentient intelligences. That’s why this is so dark.
can you next time speak on gameof thrones spoilers smh? please use a warning... not cool
I... Didn't... Know... That.... The dude from braking bad died.... Fucksakes
To me it seems that Black Mirror is all flash with no substance. The writers are very good at coming up with imaginative scenarios around technology and it's possibilities, but they all boil down to the same overused trope. It's lacking in the nuances and details that make a really exceptional show. I really think the draw of the show is less that it's genius, and more that it is avante garde. \n\nBasically, the draw of black mirror is the same as under age drinking. It's only fun because it feels rebellious.
Could you do one like this on Bojack Horseman?
I love your videos!
The episode with Domhnall Gleeson ended happily. She was able to put her feelings for him away like a box of keepsakes. She still loved him, her child as well, but they knew that the 'man' in the attic was an approximation.
Pleasure is not the only human motive
Fantastic analysis!
1:21 That spelling mistake, though...
Ever Heard of spoiler alerts ?
SEASON 4 PLEASE CMON
shit you're good
need to do babydriver
Disjointed
Black mirror is shite
Best show ever
thanks for spoiling Game of Thrones\n\n\n\nbitch
dope show
Breaking bad spoilers
Fucking asshole. Who does that 🙄🖕🏾
AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING AROSUING
I love that. Anna is ignoring all the 'don't hold your baby too much' 'rule and doing whatever she feels right for her I love that really like whatever makes ur baby happy and is working no matter what the rules are then do it like so what at least it's working for u and the baby. I love it
In Germany it is more common to put the baby in a sleeping bag - because blankets can move over to her face overnight and she might get too less air
Prepping the kids for beer pong, a useful skill in high school and college. Lol
Anna, I feel the nursery isn’t a very big room. A little fussing a crying is okay, if she gets hysterical, yes plz pick her up. But if you wanna redo it, maybe put her in her crib, play some soft music or fun kid songs she likes and continuously talk or sing to her as you work to redo her room the way you want so she hears your voice and knows your close. Maybe take breaks every half hr or 10 min to hold her and play with her, then do another 10 min or so. It will take longer then if you were alone (but what doesn’t with kids) but I feel you can get it done. Could work? Worth a shot?
Eduardo: So good morning I am naked cracked me up! 😂😂😂
The way Alessia was looking at Johnathan when he was trying to feed her was like smirking as if to say im not going to open my mouth 😁😁😁
Did they change the title and thumbnail? Thought it was named ‘feeding the baby’ before and had a picture of Alessia and a spoon?
Lol @ Jonathan feeding alessia, typical Man slopping it everywhere 😂
Who remembers when Emilia would just sit and rock and bang her head? 🤣🤣🤣 smh
Alessia is finally in that phase where babies have developed their growing personalities.  She's so cute and tiny petite..., just like Erika!  I think Alessia is going to be the most precious of all your children.  She's just a little beauty with those drop dead gorgeous baby blues and her long dark lashes.  Emilia has a built in best friend and Eduardo will have the company of two great sisters to walk through life with.  Of course, a brother will even the odds for Eduardo and give him a brother/best mate to leverage his odds, but I'll just leave that area up to you guys.  Love your vlogs!!!
Oh my gosh is it me or is jonathan screaming nonstop at the camera? I wish he would just talk normal sometimes and not so animated.
i love how excited the kids got on the bowl game x so lovely xx
Get a Lillebaby carrier, Anna! It will help so so so much. The 6 in 1 Complete in Woven. Just trust me. SO SOFT.
A lovely video I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) emilia, Eduardo and alessia are so cute emilia was so adorable when she said  wait why are you talking? 😀🐶❤️ Eduardo was so sweet when he said  good morning my friendliest friend very slowly and when johnathan asked him if he had a girlfriend he said   yes then when johnathan said what is her name? Eduardo said  emilia and alessia looked so cute when she was smiling at the camera when johnathan was holding her :):) :):) \n\nAnna what you could do is give alessia a dummy for comfort x \n\nJohnathan is a great dad and Anna is a lovely mum x
How cute are your kids!! Love watching your videos 💚💛❤️💙
When are use going to move house
You are such a good mom.  It's a lot of work and you do a wonderful job.  What a good example you are for others when it comes to parenting. Love watching you guys.  Been watching since Emilia was a baby.  It just keeps getting better.
😂Eduardo coughing at Alessia's was so funny , I love the kids theyre so cuttee❤️
It's bounces off and out cause its a spiky ball
Guys it's been officially one year since i've watched sacconejolys every single day! love you guys
Anna YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL 👏🏻👏🏻
I wish it was cold in Texas where I live 😕 -*jealous*
I hear ya Anna! You rock as a mom :)
The best bit made me roar with laughter Jonathan feeding the baby and get bored face. And Eduardo stripping off. Typical child  very funny
 So good morning. I am naked!
I KNEW I couldn't possibly be the only person in the world who says Whatever song is playing on the radio when I turn it on will depict how the day is going to go !!!!!!!!!!!!! Woooooo !!! Haha !! Thanks Johnathen !! 😍😍😍
Awww Alessia was so happy to see her mommy in the beginning of the video. Too precious for words!!!
Anna you are so right ❤ dont ever listen to other people. A mom always knows whats the best for her children/babys. + you can never cuddle your baby to much. Enjoy every minute ❤
I love Eduardo's passion for Little Mix 😂😂
eduardo's favorite song is shout out to my ex by little mix?? omg that's funny! hahaha
Let Allessia nap in your room while you tackle the nursery
When are yall moving?? Lol at Jonathan's Comment...Alessia is so cute!
Middle child syndrome 😂😂😂😋😂 I'm a middle child
Anna you are my idol!!!! Such a strong and inspiring woman 🌸🌸
Aleesia is cute.  She loves that camera!  What is everyone being for Halloween?
Do you like to baby wear? Maybe that’s help getting stuff done!
You guys are such a beautiful family. I really love watching your videos. You always lift my spirits up. Keep being awesome. <3
Eduardo I am naked. He always cracks me up.
Anna I'd love to see your nighttime routine! Like makeup removal to bed! :)
Hi everyone, I'm wanting to give it a shot at vlogging so I have memories to look back on. Should my channel be called\n- Zac and Sophie\nor\n- Sophie + boys\nAm open to any other suggestions too! ☺\nMy fiance name is Zac and we have 2 little boys.\nThanks for the help ☺❤
My mom called me her broach because i never wanted to be away from her.
Alessia is a smiling baby like Emilia when she was young. Hahaha! Edwardo was the opposite.
I can't believe Eduardo only 3 it sounds weird when you say interview with my three year old so cute my little cousin is 3 Lenny and he still can't speak very well he can speak but he still can't say proper conversations and when he does try you don't under stand he turnt three 2 weeks ago xx
My brother is Eduardos age and all he wants to do is strip off it's so funny but annoying xx 😘
Love the kiddos. Love u all!
My 3 year old brother likes Steve and Maggie
Anna never mind what others think you are both great parents and no matter what age we are we want and hug from mammy
the most adorable family on the internet 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
“don’t press that button!” Haha Jonathan’s Irish accent really came out there
Omg when Edwardo said that emelia was his girlfriend, dead 😂😂😂
Shoutout to my ex😂 Eduardo is hilarious 😂🙈
why don't you put alessia in that like thing that moves up and down and its always moving maybe she'll enjoy it and set it outside the nursery door so she can see you. then maaaybe the little cutie will let you do thing without holding her. I'm sure she will cry at first but yeah shouldn't get her use to always being carried cause that's what happens. she gets spoil and thinks well if I cry mom will pick me up lol
I'm in love with this family.
Get your baby snuggles while you can.
Johnathan is teaching Amelia how to be the queen of beer pong when she's older 😂😂😂😂
That ball you were using was way to bouncy. Fun though. Alessia looking at Emilia at the dinner table was so cute.
Just keep cuddling as much as you want to. The time flies too quickly.
Eduardos saying is I'm Anna or I'm Elsa😂❤️
Ha-Ha!  Jonathon is so hilarious - Why is the tv show from last night coming over the radio?!  Anna is right, there is no such thing as loving a baby too much! 💕
I adore Eduardo he is just adorable is hillarious and extremely clever and we'll developed for his age!!!😋😉😃👨‍👩‍👧‍👦👶🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕
I laughed sook hard this vlog :\nEmilia: Wait! Why are YOU talking😂😂😂
Love you, guys!!  :*
anna is sooo gorgeous though:(
Ffs
Yes Eduardo!!! Mini mixer right there!!!!
Amazing parenting! :)
that baby looks like Miley Cyrus
Sweet Eduardo
Im dead! Emilia - Diahrrea, diahrrea (sp?) shes so funny!
The cutest kids ever 💕
Jonathon, stop screaming.  Are you on something your so hyper active weird in this video.  I wonder why the children don't listen, hmmmmmm.
Hi Guys!
Just take it
Not worth listening to Senborra\nSACCNOE JOLYs are multimillon subscribed and worth it \nGot muted.........
Did you change the title or is it just me ?
Aww
Fav irish family 💚
Pobre bb no tiene cámara para mirarla y no tiene protección la cuna el video anterior se metió un golpe muy feo porfavor tengan más cuidado los amoooooooo
EDUARDO GETTING NAKED AND JUMPING IN THE CRIB WITH ALESSIA IS THE MOST BIZARRE THING I HAVE EVER WITNESSED.
Ok I Alesia's adorable we get it. But did they forget they have 2 other kids? I know babies attract more views🙄 but come on. Almost every thumbnail lately has been Alessia
Have you tried baby wearing so you can get stuff done? All my friends swear by it to get the housework done!
Emilia is Eduardo's hero and gf.
I can’t believe Eduardo is only 3! He acts so much older I think!
What day was this filmed on. Are the vlogs not filmed the day before they're uploaded anymore?😔😭
Poor Edourdo he has  pressure of speech he never gets the chance to verbalise himself fully. Jonathon always has to be yapping  ALL the time
Emilia saying Give me some hope LOL she is adorable
I haven't watched lately!  What happed with the new house? Are they getting a new house like they said? Or what happened?
You were saying we're moving soon and when we move a lot these past few weeks, now it's all we're never moving what happened??! Please fill us in more about this, it's so confusing 🤔
Anna, I love you honesty. I had a baby boy around the same time as you did Alessia (I think they are about 2 weeks apart) and with it being my second I have really struggled with some of the day to day!! I think you're doing an amazing job and you are just so real!! Thank you for making me fee like I am doing a great job too. Xxx
watch +kavos video about family vloggers
Silly spoons for feeding babies
I really hope you taught Emilia and Eduardo they're not supposed to climb in the cot with Alessia unless you or Anna are there. I'm imaging all sorts of tragic scenarios here...
Does anyone know what is Vodafone please leave in the comments
At 6:49 Edwardo is naked 😱😱😱😱😱😱
Eduardo is an expressive child. He have a big heart and plenty of love to give. Him getting naked is his way of saying that he does not want Alessia getting the grubbiness from his school clothes. I am sure his parents will teach him the norm of things as he grows older. He is only 3 For God's sake....
Omg she slept whole night on her tummy!Is it safe to do so.Bit confused as i was told to make my baby sleep on her back by my midwife😔
I finally realized who Anna reminds me of: Julia Roberts
I don t know when they are moving but it s hard to take all the things that they need in the new house and they have 2 kids in school and a baby it must be hard
Jonathan what is with Eduardo stripping of all his clothing when he goes in allesia bedroom  it’s a little odd
God, I can't wait for this. If you guys at Syfy are finally making good shows, I think it's fine for them to not always be the genre your name dictates.
Ever wonder what happened to Elliot Stabler of Law & Order: SVU? Well we found out.
There must be something seriously wrong with me... Because I am going to enjoy the crap out of this show!
You had me at Christopher Meloni dabbing while his head was a blood fountain... AND ITS OUT ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
I GOTTA see this.
When Stabler misses Olivia...
I see Detective Stabler and I am down.
Detective Stabler???? Ha - this looks like a trip. Kind of it to it tho, plus I like how the scenes are shot & edited.
Elliot. Plz come back.
What were the people who made this tripping on?
The special victims unit really chews you up then spits you out.
I like Patton Oswalt and all but it should have been Bobby Moynihan...
I loved him in OZ.
This looks like what happened after SVU's Detective Stabler put in his retirement papers and just went on a never-ending downward spiral.
This. Looks. AMAZING!!!!!!!
Looks like a discount Deadpool, no costume.
Welcome back Meloni!
So no crank 3 :(
you lost me at dabbing.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n...but you got me at graphic novel and the plot!
this looks like a youtube s**tpost turned  into a tv series...
Reminds me of I man.
This looks so good!
sooooo a cop with a cartoon character, hmmm....reminds me of another movie with the same concept...
This will be a hard R right? Not that it will full of violence but no uses of the F-word and stuff? Don't know what the policy of SYFY is.
LONG LIVE GRANT MORRISON!!!
For some reason I want to hear Carpenter Brut - Roller Mobster on one of the episodes. Can you imagine?
Anyone know the song in the beginning when he’s dancing?
WHAT IS THIS I DON'T EVEN
Anyone know the song they used? It kind of reminded me of Prodigy. Would like to hear more.
i know ya seen that dab at 00:13
I'd watch anything with Chris Meloni in it.
Meloni is doing the batman voice
I love how the blood just came rushing out when he dabbed
At the end of this show series, he is finally arrested and sent to jail under the name Chris Keller.
where do i get that disco jingle bells track?
What is the song in this trailer?
I REALLY hope this is as good as it looks .... and not another Son of Zorn
Why he left SVU?  He was my favorite character.
The Animation on him Blew me away! This is a Television Show, Could a TED TV Show be possible now?!
So excited for this.  Syfy just keeps on getting better and better as a network. I hope this continues that trend.
gota see this !!!!
Eu tenho o encadernado da Devir. Apesar de ser bem violenta a história é o maior barato. Muito ansioso por esta série. Acho que não vai dar errado.
another comicbook series yay
This looks amazing
Drugs. Lots of drugs.
DROP DEAD FRED!
Shows have gotten fucking weird.
Come back to SVU
Amazing!!!
This looks amazing!!
Поезд сделал БУМ!
This. Looks. Amazing!
Beginning scene remind me of Rorschart
I was kinda in, then the cartoon thing showed up and I was way out.
This looks amazing.
Pause at :49. I swear one of these paramedics is Jon snow
😍 #FuckYeah
oh heck ya! I'm excited for this
I've never really been into Syfy shows but this looks amazing! I am so watching this!!!
Wow. This looks really good.
entertain you with violence.. And then cry their agenda all over the place.....
awesome trailer,  I can't wait for this
this looks amazing
I think you got one, Syfy\n 😂😂😂
Manoooo que fodaa ansioso pra ver já!
Ohhh i definitely will be watching this!
Added to my list of stuff to watch.   This is going to be a riot.. one way or the other.
This actually looks good.
meh, blood drive was better.
well atleast its new
And you cancelled Dark Matter for this? Why should I watch anything you make when that show had just as high (if not higher) ratings than your other shows. I will not invest my time in your shows. You only cancel them -- even if they are going strong.
Is that the Las Vegas shooter?
In the final episode he goes to mandalay bay and shoots everybody
2:41 Do i sense a bit of a LOGANGSTER??
Love your videos, Nile. You're so entertaining. Hello from Palm Beaches, Florida.
I'm so upset for that Japanese guy... =(
5:50  Representing Queen's University!!! Aye
Y O U T U B E S E N S A T I O N
Your Dad is a YouTube sensation, but your mum is a legend! Hope all goes well, can't wait for your next vlog
First day at The gym today😄 my hands are ruined #nopainnogain
Your dad is absolutely grand 😂 x
7:46 That moment when Nile actually mentions Chile and Tomas Gonzales which is one of the very few professional athlets we have in our country :D So proud that he made it to the final
your dad is so amazing
Nile, do you play Destiny on PS4?!!!!
Do you have any body fat!?\n\n\n\n\nMy parents work for the BBC
I LOVE YOUR DAD SO MUCH 😂💙
got to catch the end of the world championships saw your high bar and floor routine.
NILE Are u a JAKE PAULER \nI am \nOr a LOGANG
Nile Wilson congratulations with your all-around 6 place .........and max congratulations with your first place on the voltige ...... and courtney with 8 place rings
Gladiator music on litlle part before the end...nice element ;)
Great video.\nVery proud of you guys 👍
Your dad is a legend
It's your big day! #NileWilson
Your Dad is an actual legend #dadcam
Your dad is the biggest DILF. He looks like james bond.
For Halloween, you and your family should go to a haunted house and film it. 😁😁
your high bar routine was off the chain!!!!
6th in the WORLD. Congrats Nile!!!!!
I'm American, but because of Nile, I find myself rooting for GB more than USA
I was there watching on Tuesday and when he like pointed out the floor and let them all go again I was so confused but I've never seen them do that before
YouTube sensation is just yes good luck Nile your going to smash it
Sally if you keep saying heather or maurv!!
Lets Go Nile.  Cool vid, your dad with the bandana...LOL   Keep it going at the competition GOOD LUCK !
It's the YouTube sensation 😂😂
OMG your dad is dad goals! Literally so funny
All the best mate, respect for having such a supportive family  , makes a massive  difference
Can you do a tour of your gym please
I love your body
Your dad is a YouTube sensation. Viral you tuber. He is actually so much like Nile.
I love you Nile you are my idole you are the best gymnast
The gymnastique is Beautiful ❤️🤸🏻‍♀️
Nile's pecs are so round and perfect
I'm rooting for you all. Smash it!
Love that rib tattoo, fits your body so well
I watched you on TV yesterday in Japan👍👏✨
Every time I hear that intro I'm like totally in another world 💁😂😂
YAS Canadian squad where u at!
I'm a YouTube sensation I cry every time from laughter
Your positivity is really like sunshine .... love how u say just to enjoy in a competition.... will keep that in mind always
Omg i wish I could be like you\nYou are an inspiration
GO TEAM CANADA!...GO TEAM GREAT BRITAIN!
Edit: Nile's mom: Put that bloody camera away\n\nNeil: Im a vlogger!\n\nⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝ\nNeil should start a youtube channel😂😂😂\nⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝ #NeilWilson
Smash it Nile I now u will !!!!!!
Chilean guy’s name is Tomás Gonzalez, best gymnast we’ve ever had! And yeah, he deserved to qualify 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻 🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱
you and max are bomb asf
your dad is pretty good at vlogging
Stayed up to watch every championship xoxox 😊😊😊❤
Hi Nile my name is grace. You are my hero 💪🏻 you motivate my to do this incredible sport🤸‍♂️. I saw you and jo in Asda . I was to pussy to come see you 🙁 biggest mistake of my life ❤️😞 I go to gym magic in Leeds go Leeds !!! You are my ideal 👌🏻👌🏻 I hope 🤞 I see you at gym fest 😂 creep smashing it plezzz reply love ❤️ from grace 😂😂😂😂💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻😂😂😂tran smart creep it reel 😲😍💪🏻🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️
nile wilson well done  I don't care if you didn't get a medal you done amazing.
And now Ragan Smith is out too :(
Best of luck - your dad is possibly my favourite
No, YOU are the sunshine in my life.❤️
6th = awesome!  Can't wait for Vlog (3)!
That chest is ripped bro
Welcome to Canada!! 🇨🇦
❤
So cute and sexy
More dad vlogs
Good luck
LOVE YOUR PARENTS ☝️😂
Nice good job
Come on
Where are his nipples?
Love you
Nile ur highbar was nuts bro, well done, u deserved better than 6th!!
amazing athletes these lot
Go nile!!!!
NILE you did soooooo awesome last night
Tiniest nipples I've ever seen Neil
#41 on trending!
Are you lokking at Lgan Paul???
Fantastic nile Wilson
Gd luck
You got this nile
You are so inspiring
I like your muscularity
im a levle 6 in gymnastics
If you get this then please help I love both but I don't know what to do gymnastic or trampolining and I can't do both
Hi Nile, well done on the competition my wife and I were away on holiday and managed to find time to watch you a fantastic effort. My daughter Sophie is current doing gymnastics and has got to a point where she is now doing competitions. However now she is receiving pressure from her coaches she is starting to find it alot harder. I used you as an example to how good she could be one day a she loves you to bits (she's is 8 and she is not aloud to like boys lol) is there anyway you could if her a few words of encouragement and explain that her coaches are just trying to encourage her to get better and better. Thank you Nile
Where did those guys get the sweet King Kohei t-shirts??
Hi Nile, maybe you're not even going to see this comment but, here goes nothing...\nEven tho I'm a girl who has nothing to do with gymnastics, I'm totally amazed by the effort and hard work that you put everyday into becoming not only a better gymnast but a better businessman, a better person and a better mentor/trainer. \nSince I suffer from depression, your videos have been motivating me (not with gymnastics but in life) for the past weeks and you have made me realize that I am the only one who decides if I want to give up on things or not and you've teached me a different perspective of life... Anyways, I love watching your videos and you're and really handsome guy haha\nI just truly wanted to get it out of my chest, lots of love from a German fan :) xx
So u gonna get bram to join your challenges some time?
Hey, so cool vblogs!\nI'll ask you if in the next  vblog could you include some complementary exercises to open shoulders and prevent injuries, like with an elastic strap for example or some kind of streching.
Been smashing your videos this weekend, great distraction from doing my work. Great work with your recovery. Can you answer a question for me? How wide do you have you Parallel Bars. I'm using paraletts and figure I should be setting to the same width.
Does anyone know if Nile is going to the 2018 Commonwealth games?
What colour is your hair?
You are so inspirational, I started watching you at the beginning of july and I got so motivated to stretch and work on my handsprings and tucks, and eating healthier and in a week I'm trying out for cheer team, wish me good luck, and keep up on the good work!
I say we start a KICKSTARTER so this guy can afford a shirt.
Why were niles hands orange around 4:16? Hahah
I'm pretty sure swimming a 200m butterfly is way tougher than gymnastics itself.
I swear I could hear your dad when I was watching the stream.
Nile, it is very interesting to watch you compete. You are very different during competitions. Quite intimidating to watch. I'm so used to seeing this sweet funny guy on YouTube and then during competitions, I watch you stare down the Pommel Horse like you're gonna murder it (who doesn't want to murder pommels tbh). Congrats on your sixth place finish in the AA. Incredible work!
What’s the intro song?
You got a way of making me feel insane\nLike I can't trust my own brain\nUnless it's screaming your name\nI'd have it no other way\nI'd have it no other way\nAnd maybe that's why I stay\nHow many times can we pick up the same fight?\nCan we keep screaming all night?\nAnd make up until it's light?\nThat's when I say that you're right\nAnd feel your body on mine\nOh, maybe that's why I stay\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nKeep coming back\nGuess you can say I'm attached\nLast time we called it a wrap\nI came begging and all that\nYou're like a habit, it's bad\nI gotta have it, it's bad\nOh no, I'm not even mad, no\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nIt's the way you keep me up all night\nIt's the way you make me lose my mind\nEvery time I'm saying one more night\nIt's the way you know I'm yours\nIt's the way you know I'm yours for life\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love
Sounds like Love Galore and Hotline Bling in one song ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I really love it 😱😍
this is so good!
I've been listening to your music since its only thousands view on the others, but now you are getting bigger and bigger! Great job dude
didnt notice he had a lisp, still litty tho
Im inlauv with the beat!!... I hope you lauv it too.;-)
NF and Lauv new releases were the best thing for my birthday
I don't want it I don't want it to
Why isn't this to a million yet
I'm in Lauv ♥
Illuminati confirmed 3 lines of triangle and 3 people at last
I'm living for the blue theme and clothes 👌🏼 love the song
I love your song,  i love your voice,  i love your music.  I love you!!!  Thanks for making this!!
And I don’t want no easy love ♪ BRASILLLLL
dude can't write a bad song even if he tried. This is gonna be stuck in my head
I like the behind the scene theme... Nice song
I mean no disrespect in any way....but from his mouthing im hearing it like this: but that would be too EATHY love, i don't want no EATHY love...
Although @2:23 made me vomit a little in my mouth, good song. Will probably blow up
LOVE THIS SONG NEW FAV SINCE NOW LUV IT
Yas Lauv thanks for coming back and saving me from this song drought.
check my channel for lyrics!
I'm Jungshook😩This song is a BOP😈💜
it's a video without any cuts!!
This song speaks to me on way to many levels.
He is Ed Sheeran's tour opening guest!I can't wait to see Lauv in Korea!
I love this song sm, love you Lauv😍
dancing is a little awkward but the music is fire
You got a way of making me feel insane\nLike I can't trust my own brain\nUnless it's screaming your name\nI'd have it no other way\nI'd have it no other way\nAnd maybe that's why I stay\nHow many times can we pick up the same fight?\nCan we keep screaming all night?\nAnd make up until it's light?\nThat's when I say that you're right\nAnd feel your body on mine\nOh, maybe that's why I stay\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nKeep coming back\nGuess you can say I'm attached\nLast time we called it a wrap\nI came begging and all that\nYou're like a habit, it's bad\nI gotta have it, it's bad\nOh no, I'm not even mad, no\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nIt's the way you keep me up all night\nIt's the way you make me lose my mind\nEvery time I'm saying one more night\nIt's the way you know I'm yours\nIt's the way you know I'm yours for life\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love
2:08 when you're a goofy goober
His music is easy to love
New song!!
underrated singer :/
I HAD NO IDEA HE WAS SO HOT!!!
😍😍 love the chill vibe
the best likes counter ever seen !!!! \nLAUV <3
lauving this bop all the way from Manila <3 see you soon!
That's why I say I Love you so hard not easy
drunk me opened this\nand sober me is thankful
No glasses were injured in the making of this MV expect the one i broke.
Not the most important thing but when i listened to The Other i thought it was a black artiste.His voice's so good i'm loving this
Love the guitar solo and drop @ 02:57
If you look closely , you'll see that there are strings attached to his shirt :))
Loved it! I love you're songs and you're pretty awesome voice!
How's your dad? Doctor Leff? HE TEACHES ME CHEMISTRY AT SCHOOL :D
Tf how relatable is this song !!!!!!
Lauv got some amazing songs and talent but whack moves haha. Keep the grind up
You got a way of making me feel insane\n\nLike I can't trust my own brain\n\nUnless it's screaming your name\n\nI'd have it no other way\n\nI'd have it no other way\n\nAnd maybe that's why I stay\n\nHow many times can we pick up the same fight?\n\nCan we keep screaming all night\n\nAnd make up until it's light?\n\nThat's when I say that you're right\n\nAnd feel your body on mine\n\nOh, maybe that's why I stay\n\n \n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\n\nI could be with someone, making me happy\n\nBut that would be too easy love\n\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nI could put my phone down\n\nJust pick up my keys\n\nI could let you go and we could let it be\n\nBut that would be too easy love\n\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\n \n\nKeep coming back\n\nGuess you can say I'm attached\n\nLast time we called it a wrap\n\nI came begging and all that\n\nYou're like a habit, it's bad\n\nI gotta have it, it's bad\n\nOh no, I'm not even mad, no\n\n \n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\n\nI could be with someone, making me happy\n\nBut that would be too easy love\n\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nI could put my phone down\n\nJust pick up my keys\n\nI could let you go and we could let it be\n\nBut that would be too easy, love\n\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\n \n\nIt's the way you keep me up all night\n\nIt's the way you make me lose my mind\n\nEvery time I'm saying one more night\n\nIt's the way you know I'm yours\n\nIt's the way you know I'm yours for life\n\n \n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\n\nI could be with someone, making me happy\n\nBut that would be too easy love\n\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nI could put my phone down\n\nJust pick up my keys\n\nI could let you go and we could let it be\n\nBut that would be too easy, love\n\nAnd I don't want no easy love
Followed you from day one on Soundcloud with The Other and I gotta say, this track is just as huge! Keep doing what you're doing bro. Killing it
I lauv lauv sm!\n\n\nI'm not original ok
This song is chill 👍
i will be so happy if they got so much more view and more recognized but low-key dont like it too if they get too mainstream.
Lauv's songs actually mean something to me, that is why I love them so much!!!!😍😜
parabéns vc eh lindo adorei a música bjs
me Gusta está Canción 👌
this is awesome 😍😍😍😘😘😘
I LAUV IT 😍😍😍😍😍
Video is D0pe
made me subscribe 😍
Nice one
gostei, vou escutar até enjoar
This video...um.... 😂
I feel the Drake vibes
Hey Drake 2.0, nice song.
my new favourite song <3
Here before 1M
<3
Lauv has swaaaaag!!!
Dope song!
you should collaborate to LANY 🌹
i lauv this!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
LOVELY. #Venezuela
👍
Amazing Song Baby
hes adorable <3
Hotline bling vibes
Unreal. On replay forever.
Eu amei essa música 😍
Extremely underrated
Lauv it 👌👌
EASY LAUV.
My reaction:\n\nLol?
Sugoiii enik ishtaaaaiiiiii......
i lauv you
LAUV it!!!
Its Lauvly 👀🔥
Chill Lauv
1:45 hotline bling !!
😍😍😍
Wowww
good music
xeto
yeah
❤️❤️❤️
Lauv is Lauv ❤
BRASIL 💚💛
Moriarty can really sing!
Hotline Bling v.2
Lauv never fails me!
I ate chick-fil-a for lunch and it was so good
I eat that without the bun for ketosis
You know what a good challenge is for you guys? Subscribing to my challenge. I bet you won't
diabetes on a plate, eat up! :)
Where's the white girl? (sorry for calling you that i just can never remember your name please come back)
YB EATS A LOT BUT SHE STILL MAINTAIN HER FIGURE AND SHE DOESN'T EVEN EXERCISE I DRINK WATER AND I'LL GET BLOATED INSTANTLY!
That a lot of cow.
I'm here for you guys. I know CPR. Keep eating that much. You'll need me sooner, or later.
I'm so hungry why would you do thisss
You guys need 17 American to finish 100x100. We need 5 Thai and that's more than enough.
Heard of heart attack?
At my In-N-Out (it's only in the state) I cover my burgers in *frysauce.*
Am I the only one who ships? Lolol
Is it me or the Asian girl is so cute
You could have fed 16 Poor & Hungry African children with this!
That waste of money......... millions in Africa could have eaten that
I love YB. She is fucking awesome!
How does yb not gain anything!!!!! Wish I can eat that much and stay skinny
Ougieu(?) Eater mybe?
I just had like two burgers and a fudge ton of fries and my stomach is killing me and I'm watching this and I'm actually puking
1:55. There's an article saying in n out managers and lawyers can earn the same over a decade working towards it yet only one will have massive student loan debts. Moral is if you work hard and can wait 10-15 years you can make a lot and have food benefits as an in n out manager
That's American for you
It's out of pure curiosity but I always see YB eating a lot of unhealthy food. However, she never seems to gain weight.
I don’t understand why they only had 2 people do it, and these two make a lot of similar videos. Have other people do it!
I could eat that
Lol my friend saw you guys buying those at ni n out
I could literally watch Evan do anything! ❤️❤️❤️
I want to see YB do competitive eating
I have never had In-N-Out....
Kind of find these video ideas pointless other than having views and revenue because it's just a waste of food.
THROW THE TOMATOES AWAY HOW DARE YOU.
I love YB i can relate to her soo fucking much
K so I'm a 6'3 fatass and I couldn't eat more than 6.
What’re the point of these.
dont mind being hired to do these :)
Cultural appropriation at it`s worst, there are no blonde asians, only white women can have blonde hair.
Matt stonie or furious pete will definitely complete this
Omg, she's so skinny(in a nice way) and yet she can eat 20 patties. p.s 1 person 20 patties, 17 people 1 100x100 0w0 ok...
They’re making Evan lose his eight pack to make another ‘we got abs in a week’ video lol
isnt it just a 100x5
Evan and YB are literally the human embodiment of perfection.
Pretty sure thats a whole calf or something...
That girl is pretty
can i work at buzzfeed to eat that burger T_T looks so yummy ~
I wish i could do that! I love cheeseburgers 😍😋❤️
could of fed half of Somalia
It's metabolism, it's in her genes. She has giant shits, that is the only logical explanation when you think about it. \n\nI'd love see her bowl after a meal, if you know what I mean... (just out of curiosity)
Good luck with heart diseases
What’s wrong with me?? Why am I turned on watching her eat 🤤
She's hot
welcome to america.
closer to 1x100 but still cool
I could have devoured it BY MYSELF!!!
They didn't waste it and thats all that matters to me so kudos Buzzfeed
I hate how yb is super skinny but eats all the time 😂
Why am I watching this? This is literally a vegetarian's worst nightmare.
Do buzzfeed people only hang out with other buzzfeed people?
YB is from outside of this world!!! She is in all of the eating-like-a-beast videos
I luuurve a nice blonde Asian, suits them
She cute but she can fucking eat
Just wondering if YB actually has hyperthyroidism... She eats a lot but is too skinny even if she says she exercises every day.
Buzzfeed is trying to fucking kill these 2. They always do the eating challenges
I love how they don't give wrecklesseating any credit for starting this trend
they better be eating healthy for the rest of their lives
YB is a monster!! I wish i had her metabolism!!😅
I want to pipe her
i could eat this all my self
I can relate to YB. I eat more than my friends but I'm the thinness and i don't exercise ever.
YB and evan need to be in more videos pls n ty
click bait ow ah ah
When the said 100X100 I thought it was like 10,000 so step it up buzzfeed
Evan is from heaven 😍
I would Love to try this challenge with a Vegan, so I could eat everything ;)
YB plastic surgery much?
Bruh... Matt Stonie can eat it in 120 seconds !
ORRRR she just has high matabalism.
im in love w yb omfg
somebody call matt stonie
YB what a fucking beast!
YB is so pretty !
Metabolism? Nah fam, puking is what.
I love her! Lmao
YB is so cute 💕💕💕
They should date
In-n-Out associate. AMA lol.
Legislative computer shortly retired nonetheless van.
@mattstonie
WHY AMERICA WHY!!!!
2:27 \nEvan: HELP MEEEE\nYB: 😂
█▬█ █ ▀█▀ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ➨ http://tinyurl.com/y6uqeydl
Waste of water...
i could eat 200 big macs rn
Date already.
Try tacos
Damn, only in America 😂
I'm not assuming bc I wouldn't know- but I feel like YB may have an eating disorder bc she can eat so much (binges) but shes pretty skinny...?
As a vegan, this is my worst nightmare
the other korean girl is hotter
Pathetic
''And while you are in Africa, I will invade Europe''
I love the subtitles when it came to China :D
I keep watching these and keep thinking This is the best one! Can't pick a favourite!
that was my favourite video so far!
Oh i thought we're playing Monopoly :o Aren't we playing Monopoly??
This was sooooooooo good it deserve a second part
Come on, where's Poland ? Hahaha
I like how he tries the American accent and just gives up halfway through. XD
Classic Soviet response 😂\n\n What troops?\n\nWhat political opponent?\n\nWhat downed commercial aircraft?\n\nWhat prohibited use of substance in sport?
I assume 137 Russians have watched this...
I snorted when they said “Ireland” omg and the Russian part LOOOL
Really funny! (By Switzerland have an army, mandatory military service)
I could watch this every day.  SO funny.
Why can't I contribute by translating the subtitles?
OMG, this one is the best! The best humor comes from real life 😂
I'm bothered by the fact that a large part of western Siberia is colored blue, and that the islands next to Australia are purple.
That's America! India is the other way, you bloody moron. Every bloody time with this guy!\nLooool
While you Africa, I will invade Europe. :D :D :) nice smile ahahhahah
please do a part 2!!!!  include Canada!!!
This is the best!
Was that Mesho?
Switzerland where is your army?\noh i did not have one.\nhow are you meant to play the game?\ni thought we were playing Monopoly. \nfucking hilarious xD\ngreat video, just discovered this channel! I'm definitely checking the other stuff out
XD JESUS everything was perfectly explained, guys, I really love your channel!
Excellent guys! I love your channel. I hope see your show in my next visit to Ireland.\nGreetings from Brazil  ;)
The thing is that switzerland is one of the only country in europe with a \ncompulsory military service - and we don't wear such stupid hats...
1:39 - Love the Columbus reference there.
I'm glad that i probably will grow old with you guys.
😂😂 really nice... fan from India
Where in Dublin are you doing it?
more of this pls xD
Seriously, 170k views in a week? You guys are going global.
disappointed from the Germany part tho... so much material for this once
Once again you guys just make my day LOL
Just found you guys via Facebook (Ladbible), nice one. Keep it UP!
I love when you get political, it's brilliant :) also, kudos for all the great accent imitations!
Wow! I’m Chinese and I’ve been following you guys for a while :) you’re great!\nI also went to two of your shows in Edinburgh, both brilliant!
Which country does the guy at 1:50 represent? The one with the green thing on his shoulders?
YAYYY MULLINGAR , IM GONNA MAKE SURE I TALK TO YOU GUYS
I've waited a very long time to hear letterkenny
I feel so bad for you guys. This video is posted on HelloU Comedy on Facebook with millions of views! God it’s awful that thy can just steal your shit! But it did let me find you channel
AT THE END YOU CAN TELL BUDDY ON LEFT DRINKS MORE BEER THAN TAKING ANYTIME TO BRUSH THE KNASHERS
I miss the good old days, when we still fought eachother. Nothing more nostalgic as that.
And while you invade Africa... I will invade Europe ;)
You guys are gas. Defo going to go see you live this year
*thick angry german accent I THINK I WILL INVADE POLAND
What county are they from
To your question Is there anyone who speaks Chinese watching this video? Yes there is! Am i getting hired or something?
“I thought we were playing monopoly”
The best video so far hahaha I hope to see the second part and a third and a.... you know
Oh shit you guys are in letterkenny awesome gonna take a trip up love your videos
The German guy doesn't play, it brings out the Wurst in him.
It brings out the wurst in me nice touch, guys, if I got it right
When will you come tour in America???
I'm not aware of that hahahaha.. subscribed
And while you are in Afrika, I wil invade Europe.  >:D
Spanish I'm going to invade India hahahahahaha
Excellent accents!
当然有懂中文的人在看你们的视频 :P
Which country is 1:47
AMAZING as usual
Omg I love these guys
Lad bible stole your content btw.
I'll Invade Sealand
2:06 Min.
I know nothing!!! 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
有啊！超级的爱好者😂
Love it
this is perfect :D
我会说汉语
Aw lads xo
Letterkenny!!!!
9gag
Make part 2
Simply genius :D
where is Greece??
Britain didnt invade all of ots colonies
What about mayo
hilarious
Brilliant! This is hilarious :D
有哦!
lmao 😆😆😆😆
Fantastic video lads!
Scandi facial hair is priceless.
That Dutch accent was definitely something!
9gag brought me here. I've watched it 3 times already. Now I'm bored. It's been an hour.\nWell... here we go again
9GAG make me come here...
When will you tour in the United States California region?
how dare you leave Portugal out of this! :)
Okay I binge watched your Videos the entire morning and now I have a crush on Arms. Thanks I guess 🙍🏻🙄
DEfinitely thought it was all the same guy....does that make me a wee bit racist?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZPrRgbJfY8 someone uploaded your video, probably because of facebook
who was your one in the orange vest with the joint meant to be?
Yes, there is Chinese people watching this video
I just have met you yesterday guys, awesome, It is so hilarious that I have just share it with a lot of people here in Bolivia, and well i would like to know if there is a way that you can start making spanish subtitles????
Brilliant :D Funny without being nasty takes real talent - genius!
Yes! You do have Mandarin speakers watching !! 😀 Me!!!!  Love you guys xxx
One of your best!
American here. You guys are great.
Guys, i loved it!! i saw this videos 5 times!! amazing... keep the good work!  best regards from Lisbon :)
As an Englishman from the town of Hastings and with the 951st anniversary of the battle of 1066 looming, I think England needs to get back to what we've spent the best part of a 1000 years getting good at ... Pissing off the French!!!\n\nSo let's invade Calais, but only for a weekend booze cruise ...\nBecause, um yeah, apparently taking over other people's countries is a bad thing ...\nWoops, sorry! If only someone had told us that like a 1000 years ago - you know, the whole shit with Longshanks just nabbing Wales, Scotland and Ireland ... Yeah, sorry again!
So like tell me why Zion gotta look like a damn snack
did anyone else see the random cartwheel in the back
They serving visuals and vocals 😍
good song. needs choreography. Choreography = views! No dance moves to learn, no reason to watch this again.
zion looks like the guy from 5sos
BRANDON BE SERVING LOOKS WITH A SIMPLE WHITE TEE AND IM STILL LOVING EVERY SINGLE THING ABOUT IT
I really tried to listen a few more times but this is so cringe. The music video was lame but i understand as they are pretty new?
there's Zayn there's Zion.T, and now Zion❤\nwhy does those who have beautiful voices have  Z in their name😂\nnearly forgot about Zac❤
Fluffle Puff I'm thinking like a type of braid on Austin finally someone gets mere!!!
First song Would You Mind was amazing -It brought memories of classic boybands like New Kids, BSB & NSYNC...... this one not so much =_=
THEY CANT SING. There are few good bands anymore, they suck, why do people listen to this crap.🤦🏻‍♀️🤷‍♀️💩
I bet the director was just like ok guys just have fun and go wild cuz they look like they turnt up ALL the way!
I am only here to listen to good music not to fall deep in another fandom I'm really not trying to not today not that Satan I'm-
i wasn't sure i would like this, but after three times i do
I don't even know how many times I've replayed this now.
Sorry but this is terrible 😦they are trying to hard to be that boy band they need to dry and be themselves get in depth about themselves
Let's ship Brandon and Nick together! There ship name should be....... BRANICK! 😂💖 👏
OH MY GOD BRANDON IS SO HOT
I barely found out about them they sing pretty good i think imma join this fandom
Who else is in love with Zion?
They're all very cute and i love this song
*YOU CAN BE MY CRUSH* 🇧🇷🇧🇷❤️❤️
I’M FEELING THIS
No I prefer to teach you Math and Reading! Now hv a seat and be quiet!!
BEST SONG EVER 💙💙 \n(i listen to it everyday and over and over again that's how Good it's)
yeah, I could be ur teacher but don't blame me if your grades decrease 😂
why does this sound like champagne and pools?
you can be my BOSS
I love the video and the song, you seem to enjoy it so much!
One of those guys are wearing the same jacket as Chris Brown in Questions... XD
I could be yours
How come Brandon's glasses never fall off when he's dancing? 🤔😍
I love the mosh pit at the end!! xD
Omg I love al of them and I really really won't to meet them but I don't come to england
Cant wait for them to split :)
HOLY SHIT I LOVE THEM ALL
sounds like a nice happy/summer song but now with all that gesture i feel like xxxtentacion's first hit lmaooooooooo
It’s a white k pop band 😂✊🏼
YOU CAN BE MY CAR 🚗
This song is a BoP
BEST PARTS OF THE VIDEO😍😍😍😍😍\n0:00 0:01 0:02 0:03 0:04 0:05 0:06 0:07 0:08 0:09 0:10 0:11 0:12 0:13 0:14 0:15 0:16 0:17 0:18 0:19 0:20 0:21 0:22 0:23 0:24 0:25 0:26 0:27 0:28 0:29 0:30 0:31 0:32 0:33 0:34 0:35 0:36 0:37 0:38 0:39 0:40 0:41 0:42 0:43 0:44 0:45 0:46 0:47 0:48 0:49 0:50 0:51 0:52 0:53 0:54 0:55 0:56 0:57 0:58 0:59 1:00 1:01 1:02 1:03 1:04 1:05 1:06 1:07 1:08 1:09 1:10 1:11 1:12 1:13 1:14 1:15 1:16 1:17 1:18 1:19 1:20 1:21 1:22 1:23 1:24 1:25 1:26 1:27 1:28 1:29 1:30 1:31 1:32 1:33 1:34 1:35 1:36 1:37 1:38 1:39 1:40 1:41 1:42 1:43 1:44 1:45 1:46 1:47 1:48 1:49 1:50 1:51 1:52 1:53 1:54 1:55 1:56 1:57 1:58 1:59 2:00 2:01 2:02 2:03 2:04 2:05 2:06 2:07 2:08 2:09 2:10 2:11 2:12 2:13 2:14 2:15 2:16 2:17 2:18 2:19 2:20 2:21 2:22 2:23 2:24 2:25 2:26 2:27 2:28 2:29 2:30 2:31 2:32 2:33 2:34 2:35 2:36 2:37 2:38 2:39 2:40 2:41 2:42 2:43 2:44 2:45 2:46 2:47 2:48 2:49 2:50 2:51 2:52 2:53 2:54 2:55 2:56 2:57 2:58 2:59 3:00 3:01 3:02 3:03 3:04 3:05 3:06 3:07 3:08 3:09 3:10 3:11 3:12 3:13 3:14 3:15
I always need a daily dose of this 😂🤤💕💕
Zion is the finest human being I've ever seen.
ZION u can be my lover
Im so upset. I just found out Prettymuch was performing an hour away from where i live last night. Im so sad 😢
why am I knowing about these hottiess right now ?? oh not to forget their amazing voicess!!!
Best song i love compare at one direction best song ever
I'm in love w this 😍😍
This song reminds of Teachers at school 😂😂
please tell me I'm not the only one who thinks that Brandon's a snack
Waiting for this to become viral because this is *LIT*
I love this song ❤
Only 348k... I thought I watched it more than that 😂
Anyone remember Nick from ICONIC Boyz! Lol! I had the biggest crush on him as a kid! Hahaha! Saw this in my recommends and was shook! Issa bop.. 😂👍🏽
This is completely adorable. i was hooked when the music came on
International greatest
K-pop style?
😍😍😍😍😍
One direction found dead
Brandons belt is nearly falling off XD
Austinnnn 😻
SO HOT
OMG BRANDON 😩😍
Love me some Brandon!!
I like their music gosh danggggg
😍💖
WORK IT BABES
heck yeah tear it up
😘😘😘😘
AUSTIN HAD A VERSE IM FREAKING OUTTTTT
Brandon so fine
😍😁👏👏👏👌Addictive song and awesome video
Pretty much or wdw?
Bradons dancing is 👌
I like them！
this sucks!!!
Austin Targaryen
Love that Song
1:49 My shipper
1. Brandon\n2. Zion\n3. Edwin\n4. Nick\n5. Austin\nPrettyMuch
🔥🔥🔥
cuties
Awesome song.
Austin💕💕💕
Damn all meals
Trrrrttassaaaassssssshhhhhhhhh. Trash niggah
😻😻😻🤙🏾🤙🏾
YO!! THIS IS AWESOME 😍😍😍😍
Just is amazion 💕💕💕
Hahahaha they're lit the whole video haha yaaass
zion is looking hotter then ever
HOLY SHIT IS THAT NICK FROM ICONIC BOYZ IN YELLOW OR AM I CRAZY\n\nbut anyways i'm totally stanning bc i'm trash, can someone tell me their names and where to find more about them?
The one with the dreads is my new husband ughhhhhhh ladies what's his name?!!!!!!!!
The one with glasses and the one with the dad cap.... I AM WEAK
The ine with the glasses needs to become a solo artist so I can stan him.
Prettymuch will never be like my One Direction 😱😤
blonde dude got absolutly no chill.. just cringe the first few minutes
How does Why Don't We get more views
It’s my first time listening to them and I like it can someone tell me their names?
Loving the energie of the blond guy
Have you Once's prepared enough for our Next TWICE comeback???\nIf not! If you can,Each member should have at least 10 acc on standby!!!\nTWICE Korea Comeback will have more challenge,You know what I mean!!!\nI need you all ONCE'S to be prepared for challenges we will meet ahead,for TWICE!!!\nFor Every TWICE Comeback they will be here and we will be ready for them Be prepared!!!\n#Twicelandknight Always for TWICE!!!
All TWICE's songs are catchy
11,485,263 views Keep Happy streaming Once's and Ignored those that against us!!!\nOur Precious time is expensive,so we better used it for TWICE! Our lovely TWICE!!!
Keep doing our BEST for our TWICE! Nothing can stop our Advancement!!!\nWe will go forward with TWICE,No matter what happen in the future!!!\nSo cherish all of these good times now! Be happy,Be stronger!!!\nSo let's keep enjoying Our Times with our beloved TWICE!!!
ツウィが大好きです😍😍😍😍😍
BEST SONG FOREVER
love TWICE forever
one more time.😭
OK, so this AAA Primary voting is more complicated than expected lol. I will try my best to explain to you but it won't be very easy. I am still learning as well. \n1. The link of has opened : http://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/result_second/\n2. Download the APP from the link and open it. \n3. You need to log in your FB account to vote.\n4. It seems like you need to gather some kinds of ''voting points'' then you can finally vote.\n5. You need 100 ''voting points'' to vote for TWICE 5 times per day.\n6. Above are the latest voting update I know for now, I also need help from other ONCES to explain about this voting and maybe come up with some ideas of how to gather ''voting points'' ? Because I am also a bit confused about it lol. I already spent much time on it but I haven't figure it out yet. And how can we use ''THE STAR'' APP we download from yesterday ? I will be thankful if someone can offer help, you only need to reply to me about what you know and I will try to organize it in my comment. Or you can sure make a comment yourself to let us know. Any help would be welcome, including #YodasArmy voting team members and any other ONCES. \n7. Conclusion : We still try our best to figure out how to vote efficiently for our TWICE, but we must realize the whole voting process first in my opinion. BTW, the streaming projects is still very important : Let's also try our best to reach #LOA200M and #KK150M before 10/20. That's it, TWICE AND ONCE FIGHTING !!!
big applause for all ONCE, i've been streaming this video continously for this 2 days, and the good news is, the view of this video already rise up approximately around 2M (2 days ago around 9M, and now already 11M).\nlet's keep this so our Twice will has a secure place in Japan Music..
BABY EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE ALRIGHT
My 4 year old grandson, Hunter, loves Twice!! Especially Mina and Momo.
Once let stream also in LOA we need less than 5M to reach 200M views before there 2nd anniv ❤ and we got 8 days \nWe reach this song 10M views in 5 days so we can do it in LOA ❤
Please anticipate TWICE Korean Comeback This Time at the end of October! Defcon (from Weekly Idol) said it's the BEST SONG EVER!!!!!
Just realized that Jihyo and Nayeon played Tennis the wrong way. :c
毎回かわいいけど今回のモモは特に可愛く感じる
モモ・ミナ可愛い😆\n皆可愛い！\n日本語すごく上手くなってる！！！
歌詞です👇🏻\n\n☺︎TWICE/One More Time☺︎\n\n\n友達じゃもういられない\nI need you 心に嘘はつけない\n君もおんなじ気持ちでいたら\n一緒に踏み出そうよ\n\n\nYeah, I ain’t got time to waste my time\n真っ直ぐいたい でも感じる気 意気地なし\nけど勇気出してtry\n好きと優しい笑顔くれたら\nBaby everything’s gonna be alright\n\n\nGimme Gimme More\n君のそばにいるよ\nOne more time gimme me gimme me\nOne more time oh oh\n昨日とは違う空のしたで\nOne more time 明日も\nOne more time oh oh 始めるの~\n\n\nOne more time もう一回\nOne more time\nOne more time gimme to me\nOne more time\n\n\nYeah, What’s up boys\n知って欲しい about girls\nLook 告白したいけど ohh 女子を待つのがrule\n隣で the breeze so good 覗きたいな瞳 i wanna look\n雲を突き抜け higher でここまで結果が Wonder\n\n\n一度のハグじゃまだ足りない twice\n大好きな声もっと聴きたい twice\n繋いだ手の中 奇跡が広がる\nトキメキ止まらない Baby in my heartbeat\n\n\nGimme gimme more 君と歩いて行く\nOne more time gimme gimme\nOne more time O-oh\n手を繋ぎ見える全てが好き one more time 誰より\nOne more time O-oh 輝くの\n\n\n2人ならHappy 幸せがTWICE\nもう隠さない素直なTruth\n最高にLucky きらめくのtwice\n体中に走る coolest blood\n\n\nGimme gimme more 君のそばにいるよ\nOne more time gimme gimme\nOne more time O-oh\n昨日とは違う空の下で\nOne more time 明日も\nOne more time O-oh\n\n\nOne more time One more time Forevermore\nOne more time 連れて行って\nOne more time One more time 君と素晴らしい 恋しよう\n\n\nGimme gimme more 君と歩いて行く\nOne more time gimme gimme\nOne more time O-oh\n手を繋ぎ見える全てが好き\nOne more time 誰かに\nOne more time O-oh
この曲スキーミナとモモとナヨンとツウィ可愛い
全員可愛い😆過ぎる!!
12.5M or 13M in 1week plz💕
TWICE !!
何回聴いたことか...❤︎
gimme gimme more💕
学校で流行ってる〜ww
1100万回行ったぞー
だひょん可愛い
I❤️U 💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖😻😻😻😻😻😻👸👸👸👸👸👸💟💟💟💟💝💝💝💝💓💓💓💗💗💗💜💜💜💋💋💋👰👰👰
1分28秒くらいのダ匕ｮンと誰かが可愛い❤ジヒｮ大好き💓♥❤
My bias is Mina ❤️❤️❤️
Chaeyoung so cute😘😘
fighting once
i love it😍😘
Omg love them souch!
12M today 💕
cheyon is too cute💓💓
Still on the Vlives.. \nWhen you see a cute Kimbap maker over there, give her a ❤️ and a comment!\nBy the End of this Year Kim Chewy Kimbap Maker of Twice will be on Top 10 VLIVES
*Today's Millions = 939 Million*  \nLOA = 195M\nCU =   217M\nTT =    270M\nKK =    145M\nSGN = 112M\n\nOnly 61 Million more to reach our goal!
How to vote AAA..it change already
mina playing the guitar is the sooo funny lol
This is the best song ever <3 !
TWICE IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love You Jihyo . jihyo Your The Best Leader
2:54のジヒョが可愛すぎる···
1000万いくの早！おめでとう！
低評価押す人はblack pinkのファンの人だそうです
Momo🍑💕
Sana ❤
1500万回までもう少し頑張れ TWICE！
이거 새로운 신곡이에요?
K-POP大好き❤
日本デビューする前の方が好きだったなー
ダヒョン絶対劣化してる
d
que lacre é esse meu deus
buuuuuu
00:18 あおっ
🤔
once ไทยละลายยย^^
No pasa nadaaa
皆、日本語上手になったねー😊もう可愛いとしか言えない、、、❤️💋💕
私の友達ミナとダヒョンブスとか言ってた！意味わかんない！😡😡😡😠
チェヨンのズボンってわざとずらしてんの？
逆に低評価押す人ホンマに何考えとん？
何回も見てるんだけど\nやっぱモモ体柔らかいなー！
私は、悪口を言われたりしてるんですが、TWICEを見ると一瞬にして忘れれます！！！
ジヒョのパートの所練習(ダンス)してたら\n体が重くてどすんて言ってお母さんに怒られたwwwwww\n\n\n\n\n痩せよ。
Amazing
ミナ可愛いですよね！？
💋💋💋💋😍😍😍😍
i love twice
초심사랑  맏나연 !!
love 😍
オートチューン笑
한국어 없나여 ㅠㅠ
本当にいい歌ですね
chae bby momo bby sana bby
트와이스 one more time재미있다 twice one more time funny!  \n트와이스 임나연!유정연!모모짱!사나짱!박지효!미나짱!김다현!손채영!조쯔위!💖I love you twice
なんとも安っぽい曲笑笑근데 트와 꿀예~~~❤︎ 일본에서두 항상 응원해♡
한국어 자막을 넣어주는건 매너 아니냐?
노래  짱좋다ㅠ 근데 어디서 들어본 음 .. 아닌가?
*DON'T FORGET TO VOTE OUR GIRLS IN AAA!*
진심 트와이스 너무 일본에서만 한다
쯔위 언니가 한참더 예쁘고 귀엽게 나왔다ㅎㅎㅎ
How did haters know twice will make a comeback???? Did they set an alarm for their comeback and ready to press the dislike button??? (Sorry for bad english)
They are all beautiful.Especially dahyun and caheyoung
Fake Nayeon, MY opinion.
低評価の数いみわからねぇな
Dance Practice plzzz
Does anyone know if this is gonna be released on itunes?
my god this is the first time i saw momo with black hair!!!
5万も低評価あるの許せんのだが
看到這MV.在此奉勸(子瑜)如果以後合約到期希望你不要再跟JYP續約.回到台灣跟媽媽一起過生活或是開店還比較實在有意義
誰の服装が好き？
Knock knock, signal of peace here.. can we cheer up again like ooh ahh? So do not being TT guys... love and peace by GG\n\nOne more time, happy holiday and all night
이 뮤비 어느 나라 언어에요?
So bad...😏 I think it doesn't have exciting and freshness. It is similar to their previous songs. Very dissapointing😒
this MV looks similar to HAPPY MV by WJSN
I hate Twice
ปัญญาอ่อน
Isaac has no chill, he really wanted that cone. Haha that look on his face is so adorable!
I am new to vlog. I was confused by the beginning, how old is isaac?
Isaacs speech is improving in each vlog, he just developed at his own pace! That other little boy developed extremely fast, and Isaac was a little slower. He will get there someday!
Love seeing Isaac talk all the time <3
Hi bubz. Can i ask what lotion or moisturizer do you put on ayla's face? Shes so cute😍
Issac is so brave not to cry out for you guys during that thunderstorm.  I can tell that he was truly terrified.  Bubz, you are not that big actually.  Considering this is you second child, you could be a lot bigger!  You will be back in shape in no time.  The next time family  tries to body shame you, just smile and say thank you.  And if a stranger dares to go there, just let Tim handle it!  LOL Tim: Screw you, B__!!!!  AHHHAHAHHAHHHAAA
if u wanna listen to Selena Gomez - Hands To Myself then click on this link \nhttp://yobuilder.com/4Xfm
Oh my goodness I had to pause this video for a second to make this comment. Issac has the most cutest accent when he talks I love the way he says mommy and daddy, cutest little thing ever..okay continuing watching the rest of the video.☺️❣️🙈
Celebrities use this fan!\nI don't really care lol.. \n\nHaha you and your family make my day! It was off to a very bad start, and watching you brings me so much positivity <3
Isaac is so incredibly cute when he says please mommy. My heart melts
Hi bubz! i think u need new vlog intro w isaac n ayla. xD  Btw may i know whats the background music @ 4.53?
Issac is super adorable. He's so grown up now!
Issac is one of the sweetest boys I have ever seen <3
Awwwww she's a chunky baby just like isaac was ❤️❤️❤️
Ayla is the cutest, just like her mom! Also, I have that same little portable fan. IT'S LIFE CHANGING. I like to use it in the morning to help facial mists or makeup sprays dry faster, too. xD
Bubz , You Are An Excellent Example Of A Lovely Human Being... ! 😊
You are perfect the way you are. I am sick of the world trying to make girls and women think they must be perfect based on social values.
I’m honestly surprised that so many people are commenting on your weight because you don’t even look like you’ve gained to me. I think you look great!
Isaac is such a polite and well mannered kid, well done to you both. I come from a Chinese family too, so I totally understand where you are coming from. I know I will never do it to my kids when they get older ❤️
Oh so Ayla has cradle cap. That's easy, coconut oil or baby oil will soften the skin then gently get a fine tooth comb and gently run it along the skin. I was able to get my son's cradle cap off that way. It's normal and common, and usually happens around newborn age to 1 years old
Hey bubz really my son is also 3 but he s not even interested in abc or ne learning thing it make me sad
I’m due my first baby any day now and I was at a wedding about 8 weeks ago. One of the grandmas looked at me when I was eating and said wow you still have a while to go yet and you are pretty big. I managed to laugh it off but I was not expecting comments like that! I’m a UK size 8 normally and I’m probably a UK size 12 now. I just keep thinking of how sore you must have been during the final weeks now I am there. You did amazing!
5:00 And this is how God came into play/ was invented :D lol
Hi Bubz-mommy ! im glad you all are ok there! i hope your little doggies are ok also! please tell us about them at next video! :)
Feel the same way with my 2 toddlers..😭
lol never miss an arm day😂😂😂
Loved how she randomly spit on your hand
Your not fat because, that what happen when you give brith and it call beauty and plus you should said I also human begin too so sometime my body is not going to be like as you wanted my body to look afther getting brith because I also getting old so there no need to worry about my body no more because I already have someone who love me for who I am and how I look like and take care of my two kids. 😊😍😘 but it just depend on what you decide and choose so yea . 😊 and plus your baby is so cute when she yawn 😍😘.
LOVE your makeup whenever you're in Hong Kong! Looks so much fresh :D
so cute😍😍😍 I like the way you and Tim teach your children. Love care.
She is so cute!
Isaac is growing so fast 😭 what a cutie
She's such a happy baby I'm so in love
This kids make my day. SOO CUTE 😍😍
Bubz you look beautiful, and your babies look so happy.
My grandma used to tell everybody, including me: 'you're fat!' while she would take a big piece of your belly or your butt to prove her point. And she would say this as a compliment, very happy that at last the kids and teens in her family put some meat on their bones... We didn't like it at all, compliment or not. But she was adorable in everything else, so... We gave her that privilege of being our personal scale.
Isaac seems to be speaking more and more, and he is so polite! He really is getting cuter and cuter by the day <3
Just tell them sometimes that is the eye opening for them I know that horrible felling
People need to stop with how one looks because everyone is made in God's image and we should Embrace our Individuality! not compare,their opinion is their opinion and it's better if they just chill out
Ah I get it a lot too....the constant you're so fat! Lose some weight! I've honestly given up trying to say no, I'm healthy! It's quite bad as I am at the age when girls feel the most vulnerable to these comments and do extreme things to make themselves perfect. However, rather than feeling crappy about it, I use it to my advantage and make jokes about it. I've been hearing the comments over and over I basically immune to it 😄
ohh Lindy,  may I know your lipstick ? that you wore in the car.  it's look so nice on you :)
bubz: who's a pretty girl?\nayla: lol das me
the disconnect between the mentality of asian relatives who live in asia vs. your own upbringing as an asian in a western country will always exist. you just need to remember that in their culture, it's automatically assumed that every individual wants to be thin. they're not telling you you're chubby or fat because they don't love you, but rather it's because they care about you and are trying to be helpful in the way that they think they should be.\n\nwhich is totally not to invalidate anything you're feeling, because i've absolutely been there too. i gained about 15 pounds in the last year and a half and while i'm not fat, i look noticeably different to my family. when i'm just sitting there with my mom and my sister having unrelated conversations and my mom suddenly finds another way to bring up my weight and my out of control habits, it makes me feel like she can't even see her own daughter as anything but a measurement of fat. but you just have to keep doing what you're doing and let it roll off you, while reminding yourself that it's not a matter of love or not-love, but just difference.
Hi bubz! Love your videos! You are doing so well only having a baby 2 months ago and looking after two kids! Don't worry about what people say, I cannot understand them, esp the women who probably have been through the same thing! My daughter is exactly 2 months older than Ayla and had the same white patch on her tongue, just gently brush with some cooled boiled water and toothbrush and it all went away! I read if you do not, then it can lead to thrush ... all the best :)
#1 - You are AMAZING! And you're so right, it took your body 9+ months to make that adorable little girl of yours and it's going to take time to heal.\n#2 - She could have cradle cap. My son had it. You just need to get a little brush and gently scrub her scalp with some soap and warm water. It will go away soon enough. \n😊💖
Older family members are never held responsible for their hurtful words because others make excuses for them, such as, It's just a generation/culture thing!, or, They honestly feel like they are helping you. None of the hurtful comments will ever stop until you hold them accountable for it.
Hi Bubz, so glad you guys back to Hong Kong. I have been watched your videos for such a long time.But i was like the silent viewer ,quite shy to leave a comment.Your videos are so amazing and inspirational.It is trilled to see you guys vlogging, from seeing Tim's proposal until Ayla is born,. I really feel like being part of your family. I know Youtube has tons of youtubers but you guys are absolutely  be my favorite. I remember once you asked Tim what is the thing that he miss the most in HK, he said food!!!! Since I am currently working at yuen long ,i always looking for amazing dish for lunch , i would just killing me by not sharing the good food for you guys.Bubz i know you love dim sum you mentioned in the video back in Belfast said you didn't find a place in hk served good dim sum.I found a place call Big Belly at 教育路they did serve nice dim sum,you should try it!!!!!Anyway wish your family all the best ,healthy and happy ^^Have a nice time in Hong Kong .God bless your family .
all children develop different I wouldn't beat yourself up over lying about your sons age, I'm sure most mom's on here have told some porkies now and then. lol
Ayla is getting so big already.. she's only 2months old. She looks so much like her Mummy!
Bubz, you literally have the perfect family. 2 adorable dogs, an awesome son who is 2 years older than your beautiful daughter, and an amazing husband. I love your family, P.S. you neeeeed to add ayla to the intro :DDDD
You are beautiful to me ! :) Family can be rude most of the time!
Second borns always seem so chill. They’re just happy to watch what’s going on and be part of the family. First borns have no chill!! Lol.\nI’ve got an 18mo daughter and I can’t imagine having another sibling in the house. She demands your full attention! Lol. Maybe it’s a first born girl thing? 👸🏼😳
But Lindy you’re 10x the mum any there kid has!
Can someone explain what Bubz means by feeling condemned by a 3 year old? I'm just confused why she lied about Issac's age o.O??
Bubz, i have a question: if it is a cultural thing for your Chinese relatives to be blunt, wouldn't it be culturally okay to be blunt back at them? And just answer with something like yes, but I just had a baby and you are hurting my feelings? Or just it only go one way?
I am absolutely dreading seeing family in Hong Kong!! \n\n‘Why have you gained weight? Why don’t you have a job after university? Well that’s what you get for taking a creative subject...’  ffs 😐
I think your face is just a little fuller than it used to be and that is why they notice it so much more but I think you look amazing Bubz. Healthy and happy and your family looks the same. Like you said in time it will change and you did just have a baby.
Omg I cried when you all were saying good night to Isaac 😭 oh my pregnancy hormones
This kid stopped, said in English that Lindy is 10 times his age.... these 3 year olds out here.. amazing 😩😩
Naturally you have baby weight atm but tbh it's not even that much! Youre Still quite slim even with the gain, you'll be back to your usual size soon but just remember size isn't everything and you are beautiful no matter what!
So how old is Isaac?
you look perfect ❤ and you are such an inspiration ❤
Bubz, you have two beautiful children and are beautiful just the way you are on the inside and out. I love your sweet, kind, sincere, and down-to-earth personality. God bless you, Tim, and your two little ones! Sending love and hugs your way! ♥♥
That child who new his multiples sounds adorable. XD
I have that dyson vaccum machine too but ends up dying after a few areas of the house, then needs a long time to be fully charged Ahahahaha
I don't know about your family, but I find it ironic that the family members telling you you need to lose weight are usually bigger than you themselves, that's how you know they don't know what they're talking about 😂
No joke in hongkong the kids have too much competition kid start there addition at like 2 and learn algebra at 5 or something
The family hurt thing is so true, I cannot believe anyone would say that is so mean :-( I think you look beautiful..
Can someone tell me what camera that is she’s using to vlog???
ayla bathing looks so much like Isaac when he was her age... omoooo so cute.. love them chubbchubb rolls
She's tiny. And her babies are born chubby and cute
Ayla is such a happy Bub😄
The same thing happened to me although I'm not overweight even after baby .. My family would call me fat. And after all the sleepless days or nights it could definitely be a damper on the spirits. Keep up mummy bubz u r doing so well! They really don know what they r saying. We r the best mums to our kids for giving them what we can
Can you make a “how to vlog“ video?
Awww Ayla got your eyes bubz♡♡
Ive never comment but I just want to tell you I understand how you feel about the whole weight thing. Im 4'8 and have always weighed under 100 pounds to 110. I had a baby girl around the same time as your baby girl. Her name is Ahsoka Nohea born 7-11-17. My husband friends give him advise about my pregnancy but they were from wifes that didnt have the same difficulties I had. I was sick the whole time. My body expanded everywhere, shoulders, face, neck, sides and my feets were so swollen you could see the water coming out of my legs if you touched it. I had heartburn that no amount of tums could cure. I tried exercising but I could barely walk for 30 mins without having to sit down. I tried eating heathly but I would throw it up oh and water I would throw up too. My weight gain and the fact we were dealing with a big move made me very emotional. I'm just not losing the weight as fast as all the other mommies. Always i dont want this to be a downer but just know your not alone.
Both your kids are adorable, and I love the body positivity you're expressing.  My relatives are the same way regarding my weight gain (which is really from stress eating because of studies lol), but it's nice to hear how you deal with it.  Ayla and Isaac are so cute!  Thanks bubz <3
A friend of mine had similar issues after she had her kid. I went to her daughter’s first birthday party and she took a moment to sit with me in a private corner and vent that one of her family members had criticized her choice of outfit for the occasion because it made her look fat. She almost broke down in tears. I don’t understand how anyone, especially family members can put down a woman who is pregnant or has given birth recently.
They want you to have a happy marriage. The lack of momentum leads to further loss momentum. Weight gain strains attraction between the husband and wife.\n\nThey want a happy family. If it's happy wife happy life than there is also the equivalent for the husband side. Relationships require dual effort from both sides.\n\nThis is why they say such things. It's out of care.
Normally boy looks like mom and girl looks like dad but urs is the opposite 🙃 I actually like it that way .... goofy son and pretty daughter ☺️
It's usually the older generations that do this too.\nMy mom is my worst reminder of all my insecurities cause she always says I'm fat even though I'm not and then I start believing her :C
4:58 That face makes my heart MELT TT-TT <3
cute
does issac speak only English?
Daaaang!!!! She's gorgeous!!!!!!!
小公主好可愛呀！
Where the dogs?
She's sooo flufffyyy I'm gonna dieee🙀🙀
shes speaking :D
Twisted donut arms BAHHAHA 😂😂😂💕
awe Isaac has grown so much!! so cute :)
💝💝💝💝💝💖💖💖💖💖
Love you, Lindy <3
Bubz you're beautiful 😍
<3
Isaac is so adorable.
Bubz! Did you hear? Girls Generation disbanded 😭😭😭😭
Missing chubby and domo.. 😢😢😢
If you rinse out a clean wash cloth you can use it to gentle clean Lala's tongue just like teeth brushing to help with the white tongue. I used to do it once daily- gently because breast milk is so fatty :) is even do it to clean the sides of his cheeks, gum stimulation to help with milk teeth and the roof of he younger. You just gotta go slow as not to hit their gag reflex lol she's so cute!!
you are really fat these days, bubz
Actually, what the fuck.
When you  r 31 and you just feel like to act like a baby....a grown man ....its just a shame that you are not thinking of ur future....this so horrible
I can't believe I'm  still awake at 3:35 am😴😪. And watching this too.
His mom doesn't care shit my mom would've given me a creative ass whoopin if I tried to be an adult baby
Turned on my PC played this, my pc turns off itself...
His mother is a local prostitute wake up dickhead.
I know this is of topic but I kept one of those dog plush in 0:51
Talknbout he spends 8 hours a day as a baby, BITCH he has been a baby since he has been a baby. 💀
Honestly this site Adorable seeing him as a Baby..I don't know I. weird..
The fuck is wrong with this guy? i mean oh my god.
Help me. I can't stop  watching.
Why am I getting strangely aroused by this? Wtf is wrong with me
Is this all a big joke just so he can get to suck nipples
We don't know what his life was when he was little but he is very special
I know this is not something most people do but, have some respect. I honestly feel really bad for this guy because, seems to me that he had a hard time growing up. You have no place to judge, just let him do him. No one is born perfect.
This is the only country that we're entitled to this shit, the amount of embarrassment the amount of embolism the amount of sense of humor that doesn't match people's own credibility, and this is why in this country it don't add inches to your dick, people dress up as a baby due to the  amount of no confidence no civilized people no ethics no morals to people in their plans, none of that. When it comes to America you get this shit 500 pound 98 percent fat 2 percent lean guy dressing up as a baby really Iam getting the fuck out of this shit bye bitches
He was hurt as a child he had to of been
*Lord in heaven please tell me he's joking.*
Yes, officer, this one.
Are we not going to talk about the thick bitch that feeds and puts him to bed
I have had enough of the internet oh look at the time already time to sleep ....zzzzzzzzzzzzz
This is the reason why white people will be a minority in the US by 2040.
The real question here is does homeboy still get breastfed?
I think I'll have nightmare when I sleep after watching this
That want I wanna do
This guy amazes me who cares he does this
Is that his mom? Wth. He is 31, stop treating him like a baby.
It’s always white people doing some weird ass shit. Smh 🤦‍♂️
It's Tommy pickles big brother
How can people physically get so big. Does no one exercise anymore?
I wonder why he is 31 and alone
How the the fuck does this guy bath???
what am I watching
I'd like to find this guy's parents and bash em'.
He seems like a nice guy.
He reminds me of Kevin from the office
It’s kuz this nigga didn’t have a good childhood he gotta make a new one. How sad
He isn't hurting anybody, why do you have to be the person to make fun of him? He never hurt your feelings. He never did anything to you! I would never be the person to become this. You don't even have the *right* to bully! Jerks.
This is actually kinda sad. Feel bad for the dude.
It’s late as shit and I have school in the morning. Why am I here.
He his so cute  =)
That's a great mom she loves her son's no matter what
And just think somewhere in Africa people are dying from serious problems meanwhile this Nigga
Hey they must fill those pacifiers with cocaine or something
*Silently mouths **_what the fuck_** the entire time*
Stanley want a to cuddle up with his nanny lol
The lady at the end is sweet for taking care of him and people like him.
I hate the internet
Doing Homework < Watch a Video about an Adult Man Baby.
That Boy Ain't Rite.
Don't baby's have everything done for them tho? 🤔
Nice dude sometime i was a  downsysdrom  because  i.m😇   was a baby my dad was  scare
This is Ron grown up shouldn't even do that why is he doing that you shouldn't be acting like a baby you should be acting like an adult and why does he even do that bro it's not like it's an important to do that that's weird
Wait who's that lady 😂😂
This makes me wanna be a baby too but fuck that shit
i came to read the comments
I feel bad for the person who breaks in and has to witness this 😂
The reason why aliens wont bother to visit us...
For eating baby food Stanley's a big nigga
I understand why there are so many supporters for their new president, what a strange man
when I wear a diaper, it feels like a hug from mommy  I don't think your mom hugged you the right way as a kid. 😂
Not surprised I got here from watching family guy🤷‍♂️
he is mad.. need a schico therapist..
Anyone else get hard from\nThis?
5:49 the cat it's waiting for the guy highchair broke
This brings a new meaning to man child
Tell me he don't look like Eugene in The Walking Dead... Okay maybe slimmer.
This guy is definitely a pedophile
me everyday...
This dude short
Creepy.
*gets kidnapped*
this is absolutly fucked
this is messed up
This is sad
White people shit their pants
Lol!!
I feel very uncomfortable
Mommy fine as fuck!😂
Babysitter: whatever pays the bills🤷🏾‍♀️
Serious demon possession!
retard
His eye bags 😩😩😩😩
Seriously thus dude needs therapy
Wtf did I just watch
😐
Sexy momy
its gay
LMFAOOOOO
Poor cat.
Lol the cats face
Fuucken weird mother fucker
Weird fuck
Fat
Look at this dud
5'6?! 400lbs
Aww this is so sad
Big ass
I respect
The fuck is this shit???
Omg Hannah I've commented this before and I am honestly sorry for repeating myself, but if you like your romantic comedy tropes deconstructed, then give Crazy Ex Girlfriend another go!!!  I swear every other favourites video you give me another reason to be sure that it's basically made for you. But, you know, no pressure. :)
I work in technical theatre and I had the opportunity to shadow the touring stage manager for Wicked one year. Best experience of my life, that show is amazing!! \nI’ve never had a chance to experience an Immersion theatre show, but I get so excited every time I hear about one. I’m so glad you shared!!
Can you film a video where you show all the books on your bookshelf and mention a few of your faves and why. You have so many books I really want to hear some good recommendations.
The actos name from the big sick is Kumail Nanjiani and I highly recommend his stand up and maybe even more so his twitter. Seriously it's a treasure box! I love that guy. oh and while I'm at it, he's in the show silicon valley. Also amazing.
I saw Wicked in the thumbnail so I’m here
What's with the 720p50? Why 50?
I want to recommend the TV show Looking! It's really great!
i adore EE jewellery!! so jealous they sent you all their beautiful stuff
I LOVE The Virgin Suicides movie. Would you say the book is worth it? I'm not sure if I should read it.
I love the Eclectic Eccentricity jewellery, so pretty. Last month I read quite a few books, but at the moment I'm reading The Sun and Her Flowers which is beautiful. Also I've been loving the articles on the sex and relationship site neutral.love - which I think you'd probably enjoy. :)
It'd be a shame if someone did a video with Boyinaband
Thanks for the recommendations, Hannah! \n\nI finally got around to seeing Jessica Jones ... great show! I also watched Mr. Robot, which was weird but good. I've mostly been enjoying my writing class in my spare time, though. :)
The star actor in The Big Sick is Kumail Nanjiani.
Can I just recommend that you watch a film called I am me it's heartbreakingly beautiful and British
some nice favourites you have there :)
and i am here sitting and waiting for a fionas apple record. and she releases an album once every 7 years or so.
We did the same with House of Cards! We'd already watched it though, so we started the new series just after GOT finished *I had the void too...*I also love how you described it as GOT in the Whtie House as that's how i describe it to people! Along with Game of Thrones meets West Wing :P\n\n i also really recommend Designated Survivor, if you're looking for one AFTER House of Cards. Isn't Kevin Spacey AMAZING? One of the best actors and it only gets better!\n\nI'm also a huge Reese fan, ever since her Legally Blonde days - i just went to see the musical on friday night in Bristol and it reminded me how much i adore the film! It's also so lovely to see the jewellery brand on here as i discovered them on Not on The Highstreet a few years ago :) As ever, your videos never fail to bring a smile to my day! xxx
You came to Toronto and didn't say :(   Yeah, it's cool here, 'cept when the winters suck xD
Hannah your brows are on point girl
Wicked is good Hamilton is the best! Highly recommended
You have the best favourites videos
thank you! ( your hair texture is first class, Hannah! you are looking Gorgeous, I like you very much, obviously!) thanks! good night! what's next? have a wonderful happy week ahead! thanks!
i read it only happens in the movies yesterday, it’s the first book i’ve read all the way through in about 3 years (i used to read all the time and went off it completely) it was so good, planning on reading the spinster club ones next
House of Cards is my favourite netflix series EVER! Wicked is also my favourite musical so i'm all over this favourites video :)
My September favourite was definitely meeting you and Lucy at Buffer Fest :)
I'm seeing wicked november 8th with my school chorus! How is it? :)
You're jumper looks so cosy... where's it from?
Have you found your perfect man yet?
I love The virgin suicides :)
I loved Holly's book! and those jewellery pieces look beautiful! :)
Omg yes! Share that First Aid Kit love <3
Dear Hannah,\nI want to thank you for a lot of things but I think I'll tell you a story first, so here goes nothing: \nIt was 11:45 or something and we were sitting on the tables because it was breakfast break (we have that at my school). Everyone is really exited because Anderson asked Eva if she wanted to go to dance lessons for the 9th grade dance (we have that at our school too). There is a certain pressure in the room because              everyone is expecting other boys to ask other girls... who do I want to dance with me? I ask myself...without hesitating I already know: Andrew, with the ginger hair who sits behind me. Without thinking twice about it I ask him: are you going to dance lessons? No, I don't have anyone to go with and he turns around, almost in shame, because he can't  pluck up the courage to ask\nanyone. Do you want to dance with me? I ask and I see his face light up...I still don't know if in embarrassment or happiness. Yeah, I'd love to he says. Why? Don't you have a boyfriend? Because I like you...I  a friend way and he's not my boyfriend, he's my best friend plus he's too old for the dance, he'd have to be 4 years younger \n\nLater that day alot of my friends had been asked out to dance, but none of them had asked any boy. Who are you dancing with? They asked me. Andrew. oh, did he ask you? \nNo, I asked him *silence* \nThey didn't seem to get the idea that it was totally fine to ask a boy out! (Not even out, to dance lessons!!)\n\nBut sure enough the girls that weren't asked, asked the boys themselves the next day.\nHooray for empowering women! \n\nI'm telling you this because I think women like you Hannah, gave me the confidence to do my little act of rebellion against societies ideas. \n\nI probably git some stuff wrong and part of its cheesy but I hope I got out what I could. Thankyou Hannah:)
I went to see wicked the same night :) it was my second time and I'm still awed by it. I wish I could live somewhere nearer to London to be able to see more Musicals!
My boyfriend and I are watching House of Cards and we’ve just gotten into season 2 as well! Also, you’ve made me want to finally read The Virgin Suicides.
haha I think those intros are so cute :P
I love your hair in this video! Cutie.
I once actually had to explain to a guy that the way men pursue women in movies is generally not a good idea in real life.  He thought that was actually how it's done.
Hey!\n\nI've just recently discovered your channel and i love it!\nthe  jewellery.... omg.. i want it. I hope i can find something similar here (i'm from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil).. i looove galaxy and space stuff.\n\nI really love wicked! wish i could have seen it many times as well.\n\nYou could have an amazing intro that is like you.. but you do not need it! seriously!
Adore Wicked - I've seen it twice in London and I'm really tempted to see it again when the tour visits next year.  Will def be checking out Holly's new book!
That's me too! I feel like i need to get the souvenir programme everytime i watch a musical.... and then i don't actually know what to do with it....
You're videos seem to begin after the beginning. Like YouTube delays your video just a bit, but I can't tell how much\n Stop it or stop them. I want to see all of you and I mean that in every good way.
Where is the jumper you're wearing from? I love it!
The Big Sick made me cry too. Kumail Nanjiani who wrote it with his wife and stars in it is really talented and funny. You should follow him on twitter.
Are you planning on seeing It? Or maybe you're not into the horror genre? I think it has a very beautiful cinematography and it was a very good movie, that's why I'm curious :)
oh my gooood I saw the big sick on it's release day it's one of my fav films it's so so so so good, glad you liked it too!!!
Yesss, first aid kit! The new single is amazing.
I love watching these vids because some of these things I’ve heard of and some I haven’t, if I haven’t, then they become my favourites. Lol, plus I just love hannah❤️🙏🏼
i NEED to see Wicked again! i saw it a couple of years back and it was honestly incredible, so much better than i expected! love your vids Hannah!
So jelly! I've seen Wicked twice and it was my first theatre show that I saw live. I sat in the front row the first time and cried because of how excited I was. Needless to say, I love it. I would have loved to celebrate the 11th :)
I love Wicked so very much 💚
Was nice seeing you at Buffer Fest! :D
I think I will have ti buy Holly's book
You haven't seen IT
I know this is a weird video to comment on this but the quality of this vid is awesome! Like super HD
My friend read The Manifesto On How To Be Interesting by Holly, and then wrote a blog pretty much copying it? And I got so annoyed, like, I was all 'She's Hannah's friend you can't plagiarise her!'😂
Did you get a new camera? I can't really explain it, but you look more...real?
That Alice Underground theatre show sounds incredible! So sad I didn’t get a chance to take part!!
About a month ago I read the Manifesto on How to Be Interesting and loved it! It left me feeling personally affected. I didn't realise you knew Holly Bourne :) I'm happy now to have something to relate to!
how come there's no motion blur in this video? my eyes feel warped
Is it just me or does the video look slightly sped up?
I was wondering why this video seemed hyperreal.  And it was in 1080p50.  That explains everything.
OMG House of Cards AND First Aid Kit being mentioned in the same video 😍😍😍 First Aid Kit are amazingggg live
I've been enjoying starting university. So far it's just been a blur of lectures, training, eating and sleeping
The Virgin Suicides is SUCH a great book. I read it in one sitting while sitting on a bench in  park, and it was the most beautiful day.
Pls don’t rip the page out of the programme, it makes me a little uncomfortable thinking about it 😩
Tickets booked! A great 19th Birthday present to myself - I can't wait :D
i haven't watched the last season of house of cards just yet but holy fuck is that A Show™
Get one like the Drunk Advice intro!
I LOVE The Big Sick. One of the best pieces of film I've seen in awhile.
why is it in a higher frame rate this time? It looks odd to me
FIRST AID KIT ♥︎
Good 🎥 film
Love this narcissist 💋💋🌷
Dannah
First Aid Kit, ahhhh ❤❤
Omg I loooove Holly Bourne
Show off TV
Your amazing hannah! Great vids
I LOVE WICKED
Is the jumper Dodie yellow tho?
BYOI  it's audience participation Improv group,  renaissance  fairs,
You are gorgeous Hannah. :)
Hi
I. LOVE. WICKED.
Omg yes love First Aid Kit!
Robin wright is my BAE!
What time-ish will the event with Holly finish? Just wondering so I can book my train!
The idea of someone ripping out pages of a theatre Programme pains me. Lol
I love your rainbow book stacks
I'm seeing First Aid Kit next week for the first time! I'm so excited!
I'm a gardener, we call it the change. Thank you your up beat and happy perspective.
I'm I the only one distressed by the disorganised bookshelf???  :P
Holly was literally in my school today
Literally just found your account I’m 16 and wondering where I’ve been under what rock to not find you you’re amazing omg ❤️
HOW MANY HOURS DO YOU HAVE PER DAY TO READ AND WATCH ALL OF IT AND LIVE
Omg my friend played Alice in that play! What a small world 🙊
Genuinely interested- if I now comment that The Big Sick is not a Judd Apatow movie, but was directed by  Michael Showalter and writen by Emily V. Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani (a.k.a. the leading actor and his wife), would that be considered a rude comment? I really want to know, because I am a big Kumail fan and am totally excited for the movie, and was just kind of sad to hear Hannah's mistake.
Aaah I had no idea Holly Bourne was releasing another book, I need to get it asap!
Hopefully you'll do more twitch stuff in the future! Been loving that when you were on :D\n\nAlso this video is great! Love getting recommendations for things from your monthly fav's videos!
Omg southbank 😍😍
Okay, okay! Here's the theme remix: https://soundcloud.com/andrew-mcmurry-487864575/pubg-theme-from-battlegrounds-the-zone\nI made it downloadable, too. You guys can use it for whatever you want. Glad everyone enjoys the video so far!
Who dies to the red zone
for a good majority of the beginning scene I thought the main character was cartoonz tbh
Play zone + redzone.. i know that feel bro :D
Who the fuck stands in the red zone!!!
there is no spaz12 in pubg tho...
He left the helmet at 3:00, rookie mistake.
Best irl PUBG yet! Keep it up man!!!!
That was AWESOME!! More please!!
Man, you guys really can make a full movie yourself!!! This is amazing and fun to watch and not enough :P
Am i the only one that thinks the pubg main theme song souds alot like the old rust theme song?
This looks like a Corridor Digital-video
Did someone kill banana man? I'll be triggered if that really was bananaman.
Should of taken the helmet
PUBG should pay to use this as an ad
It really bugs me that he doesnt pick up the helmet at 3:00
The quality of this video is amazing, id love to know how to create the effects that were used in blue zone
0:07 Where the fuck I am?
Просто худшее говно из жопы, даже не похоже на ПУБГ...
Amazing vid!
Genial
Fucking losers
DAT ONE WOMAN THO
BEM MEH
Simply amazing! Great job!
insane
More!
2:40\nbended the shotgun
This was frkn epic!!
baia baia!
Good
0:30 when a girl is talking to me
I love your videos
Everything about this is better and more well executed than the game. You missed 90% of the bugs, lag :p
You need to do ark survival evolved in real life
Pubg is like the modern equivalent of the hunger games
this is what the new 400 player mode is gona be like
Wish it was more like the Game,u can't wake up after being hit with the mighty pan!
Are there any other LOST fans who recognized that beginning scene?
Feel like this was made for 13 year old boy, weak!!!
Where is Bananaman and Wadu and why is this at 60 fps?
What do you use to animate?
Lol!!!!!! All I have to say
The link to the music dosen't do shit
Who else thought that when the screen was turning red after he chugged that energy drink and took all those pain killers he was about to fukin drop dead
hahahahaha good work
lamo
PUBG CHANNEL FOLLOW ME BIATCHES
Pensei que era o patife
Is it ffa
definitely thought he was seeing red after popping those boosters haha
can anyone give a link of the remix plz?
Pan Is The King 😖
I dont know who you are but well done
This is so epic i love it
wow this was way better than the corridor one :D
Is that guy win
Why are you guys, Corridor Digital,  Sam Kolder and everyone else obsessed with distracting noticeable color grades?  \nMuted greens, teal trees, blue whites and exaggerated red & skin tones.  It doesn't improve  narrative, themes or emotion, it's an internet action scene. And it emphasizes your composition layers and making them stand out on top of the footage.
His body should have been jigging out in the buggy lol
Awesome
Well done!
lol
1:44 What's the name of the song played here?
hey no amnche I'll cure you seriously, leave my piece of like and subscribe for that video keep raising that by fa :,v
These are brilliant well done guys
No fun allowed in the zone
The end is epic !
Poor bastard, I'm yet to die in the redzone
fake,no lag
I need pubg fml
Pubg really needs lore
Besser wie mancher Kinofilm der Millionen gekostet hat 😂👍🏼
2:47 is hillarious
you guys are awesome..
wtf is there one pubg parody without that always winning pan shit..
pan jokes getting so old....
Awesome video!
cool effects
大片既视感！
https://youtu.be/k9cZkquRsHA
Yo banana man
0:30 banana man
CHINA #1
Gotta love your cgi
2:54 who needs that tooo?
That was epic haha :D
That end tho :D
Loved it!
This is fck awesom :D
amazing
0:30 - bananaman reference?
Banana man?
this was great./
Cool
REAL GOOD SHIT:)))))))))))))
SO good :)
that daredevil music... nice ;)
最像的版本
Nice
absolute classic lol
LOVE those boots! They've got like subtle 70s vibes. I also love your fall background/atmosphere.
Your eyeshadow is perfect!
Cool casual clothes! :)
I love your videos Soph and I love that we bought the same jumper and Pumpkin stuff! Autumn is my fave season too and you inspired me to make a fall haul of my own! If you get a chance check it out! <3
that lipstick looks insane😍 can you do another primark haul soon please as you always find great things in there! xo
Loved this video Soph :D\nFor those who like discounts, you should download UniDays for uni and school students. I love it! myunidays.com/r/DJo6POkxGx0
LOVE YOU AND THIS VIDEOOO
I got your eyeshadow pallettte and I’m saving up for your highlight one ❤️❤️❤️
Where did u get the jumper your wearing from?? I love it xx
Please do a makeup tutorial on this look!
The boots my god love them ... girl  slayyy😎😙🖤❤
Check out dollskill for boots
love youuuu
I love the sweater!!!!
Yayyyy soph you're so beautiful ❤️❤️❤️
You watch thatchure joe
GORGEOUS GIRLY!!
Wow, those boots looks so good! 😍
Deely boppers lol
Beautiful soph x
love this darker makeup look!!!
Please start doing Halloween makeup 😊🍁🎃
I just got ur eyeshadow palette it's amazing u did a great job and I love that it has a big Mirror xx
I watch all of your videos and I love them x
Omd where do you get those leaf decorations/fairy lights 😍😍
Hey soph! \nI brought the Jack and Sally jumper straight after the video where yoy first ever showed it because like you I am obsessed with nightmare b4 xmas.\nI was just wondering have you washed your J&S jumper? Im scared to wash it incase the picture peals off :(\nLove your videos X
But what happens in winter? 😂💕💕
hi i have been trying to get ur palettes but i cant find them in my two superdrug and im 13 and i cant get it so can u plz like try put it im more store loveeeeee uuu soooo much thx
Wish I had the confidence to do my own YouTube channel
OK, I need that vanilla pumpkin body mist 😍 it's guna have to be a trip to body shop on my day off I think 🙊
soph i drew some art of you how can i show you should i tweet it to you??
You're the cutest thing I've ever seen
i see petrol on your eyelids ;;;))))))
You're rocking the autumn background Soph, it's so cute!! Love this video babe and love you sm!! Xx
Soph please do a review on the new ABH Prism pallete
That lipstick looks so good on you!
such a good swtshrit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I need IRL
LOVE the eye look
I love that red jumpsuit! 🔥
Stripe trousers for a jack skellington costume??
❤️❤️
Love the background!! 💖
Cute deely bobbers! 😄
#23 on trending
That jumper though....literally just bought it 😍😍😍
THAT LIPSTICK HAS ME SHOOK
Well done soph 28 on trending xxx
Background😍🙌🏼🌊
#11 trending ❤
My fave youtuber
Yay on trending again 😍😍😍
#26OnTrending!!!!!😍😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️xxxxxxxxxxxx
26 ON TRENDING
Your makeup is rockinggg!!💗
Deeli boppers! ❤️❤️
i want to hear what soph sounds like with an american accent
I completely love the boots 😍😍
£39.99 in Australian dollars is $70 😭😭😭 I want them so badly HAHA those shoes are gorgeous 😍
You look gorgeous! Love the makeup look! Great video x
OMG YOU GOT ON TRENDING!! So proud babe, keep up the amazing work! 💕💕💕
I saw it in your vlog, love that you bring us along and show what you've scored so keep on vlogging Soph! 😎
I love the Nightmare before Christmas too 💀💀
I love the sweater your wearing 😍 where is it from ?
I love the set up! It’s pretty
Bought your highlighter palette today! It’s stunninggg and I ordered your eyeshadow palette, so excited for it to arrive :)))😍💕
Just ordered your makeup palette so excited for it to arrive❤️😍
Love your new background and your makeup is stunning soph!! 😍
Covered in cat hair & loose powder actual story of my life 😹😹
In love with how often you post
Soph!! i went into superdrug and bought your highlighter palette!! they were out of stock of your eyeshadow palette but i am in love with the highlighter palette! <3
I bought your palettes today and it's like so cheep and highly pigmented x
I like the sweater, I'm glad you kept it! 😊 also I REMEMBER THAT VIDEO, it's the one that made me subscribe to you
What if you aren't underage? 😂
Oh my gosh this is so cool ur number 13 on trending congratulations!! Lysm ❤️❤️
hi I love your hair and make up were and who does it\n!!!!!
Hi soph can you do a full face of natural collection makeup from boots? Xx
that lipstick looks amazing on you 😍❤
OK so I need that vampire knight lip kit that you're wearing 😍😍
When the internet is so crazy that you have to make a disclaimer about drinking 😂 Love you Soph, always making my day 😍
I can’t find the lipstick in the superdrug website I’m so sad!
Check out the latest video ‘Driving’\n\nhttps://youtu.be/FFY8rNEmmdw
Lovely haul ❤️❤️🔥\nYou should wear a red lip more often❤️😍\nCan you please do a everythingfivepond haul from everythingfivepound.com
I know you're looking for new concealers to test out and I saw this one and thought you might like it :  Pixie pat away concealing base 
i love the new background xx
Look at her eyes in the thumnail
Hi soph, I’m 43 and love watching your channel, I especially love the little ping noise at the beginning 😊👍🎃
Super gorgeous makeup look! Which contour product did you use? It's stunning 😻
Will your palette be in ulta?
💲Richest Insurance companys in World 💲\nhttps://youtu.be/f_mCzN3vH_\n🔥💲💲💲💲💲💲💲🔥
Holaa ✌🏻 los invito a mi canal para que se suscriban 💕
Hey everyone !! I would really appreciate a follow on my new IG, i will follow everyone back 💕 : taymay_rosepettifer00 \nThanks everyone 💕💕💕
Really liked the video but I wish you had done a try on haul
Plzzzzz can u do a couple of Halloween makeup tutorials xxx like so she see's this xxx
Can you please do a full face of holoween makeup!!!!please
Where is your top from & what lipstick are you wearing ???? 😍😍
Please review asos’ new makeup line!
Who is watching this boring shit?
Does she mention where she got the autumn leaves in her backdrop?
Why is she acting like zoella
Where has her face gone? I can't see it under all that makeup
Learn to hit the speed bag fast
You should try and learn how to play afl football
Learn how to do RAP GOD (Fast Part)
Hey Mike! I challenge you to learn to speed check on a longboard. I'm in the process of learning myself and it would be amazing to see you do it! Thanks. Btw this is an old channel don't mind the name.
Do learn how to pick a combination lock
You should learn how to beat through the fire and flame on expert
it would take me weeks
Hey mike opt would love to see you try and learn how to zen roll on a butterfly knife I say the goal is to do it in front of you step father cause you'd get stressed thanks
you should learn how to stop on ice skates
Dude ur channel is so inspireing can’t wait for the next vid
Do you find that sometimes when you sleep on something you come back being able to do it better? I've had that happen with practicing my instrument but I'm curios to see how that applies to Learn Quick
You should try to learn balisong
Learn how to play magic the gathering\nEnter a tournament/fnm at your local game store and try to get first place
Someone needs a subscription to cubeskills...
hey love you're vids man keep it up ☺ but can you do a learn quick how to wheelie a moped plz . thanks i addvanced
Thank you for not buying a rubik's brand 5x5
try learning to drive a motorcycle or even wheelie
You should learn how to beatbox
Learn how to write with you weak hand
Learn To Build a PC!!!!!!!!! PLEASE!!!!!!!!
you should try to learn how to train a falcon
Learn how to balance a soda can on its side, like if you know what I mean
Learn to play hurling(irish sport)
You should learn how to slam dunk
Learn to open a coconut with your hands
I have an idea! You should break a world record as one of your challenges!
Learn how to do the human flag!
You could learn how to do archery!
Learn to play the flute!! Please?
Please learn the bodyweight movement. Front lever
When are you going to make part 2 of learning a backflip
You should learn the 2x2x2 rubix cube!
Learn jump rope criss cross + side swipe + run in place combo
just found ur channel today, honestly i think you should be a massive youtuber, people should learn from you and try new things, i'm like you i like to learn new things just to test myself, but the youth of today are lazy and basically idiots... Bravo sir bravo #makemikemassive
Learn how to scream like Death Metal singers.
Learn to sing\nTHAT would be super impressive
very impressive, but can you trick\n a slinky ?
You should learn to get fit! Not meant to be offensive... I just loved your muscle up video. Goal could be to get a certain body fat percentage, or lift a certain amount...
I think he will become sherlock soon with all those skills!!!!
Learn to spin your pencil around your finger ten times
You should learn to succesfully B-Hop in Source engine games (CS:S would be your best bet)
How many current or ex skateboarders still subscribed?
We need more videos I love them!!! Keep up the actual amazing work
learn kaizo mario
you should  try pen tapping
Learn how to POGO Stick
Learn to write calligraphy / really nice handwriting
Learn to dunk?
Learn a backflip
learn to human flag
Learn the didgeridoo, get fluent circular breathing! Its great fun, I got a didge for £15 and I’m in love with it.
learn to drink a water bottle in one second!!
Learn to day trade!!
You should learn how to do parkour
Hit a 180 on a dart board or break n dish on a pool table.
try to learn pubg and win a game of it = pugb is playersunknown battleground
Please try the butterfly knife but i dont want you to cut yourself so order a fake one of ebay
Learn a stinger shot in golf then beat your friends in a game with it
learn how to read music ;)
Ok new suggestion. Learn to be a Stenographer. Using the stenotype machine thing. Aim for a certain number of words per minute.
learn how to draw, and if you can learn how to animate. for animation id do a 1 minute 30 second animation with two characters talking and interacting. (id do a fight scene). Good luck!
you should learn all the things you have learned in the learn quick series
Learn to whistle with your finger + mouth or learn to pen spin
Learn how to thumbaround a pen or pencil
Learn to sight read music... especially since you’ve already learned a few instruments. Piano would be a great choice as it has both treble and bass cleft. Your goal should be to sight read a specific song without prior practice on that music.
You should learn League of Legends and reach Gold ranking.
Try solving a 3x3 one handed (OH)
SPOILER: NEXT VIDEO is how to throw tomahawk, thank me later
Learn to edit a cod montage 😂
You should learn to circle breathe
the tutorial you used is soooo baddddddd
Learn to be be ambidextrous
the 4x4 is harder
Song?
Slinky tricks
Learn to solve a megaminx or pyraminx
Plz learn pen spinning
Learn to beatbox
Try to lucid dream
Learn to speed clap
Learn how to unicycle
Learn to handstand
*learn how to dunk pleas!*
Learn Piano!
Learn overtone singing xD
Learn to handstand :)
Learn to melbourne shuffle
learn to wheelie a 50cc moped
Learn to : be ambidextrous
Learn Cardistry!
learn to do cup stacking
do something with BMX
Plz learn the bagpipes
Learn parkour!
learn to ftontflip from hight or backlip 360 on trampolin
Make a jake Paul roast
Learn the coin knuckle roll smooth. Very casual trick. Thumbs up!
Learn Braille.
learn pen spinning!
Try archery
Yes! Love it Kane. ❤👏
WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT WOWWWW
Wow..
Thassa damn good song!
Kane Brown..my future husband 😍😍😍 😛😛
Love it https://youtu.be/D12EyCAnEiE
Im obessed💜
http://MyPayMyLife.com/?ref=10366
Love it...
Amazing
GOD ♡
😍❤️
https://youtu.be/84DKvqW5R-M
My favorite...🌟💫✨
https://youtu.be/Qf1PMf0UyHc ممكن اشتراك في قناتي و شاهد شكرا ل كل شخص يزور القناة  احلا الاغاني
https://youtu.be/jYIkYtPCqWs
😍❤️❣️💕💋
Omg kane brown your girl is so freakin lucky 😍😍
Good song !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice ❤voice
Your voice
Kaneee is so fineee ughh
kane brown is adorable uhhh so uhhh
Heaven is better!!!
https://youtu.be/vyK77YLIVIc
https://www.streetbangaz.org
Love this song
Loveeeeee
Great lyrics!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p6wFQg5TKs&feature=youtu.be\nHola. Ya subí mi canción a you tube. Espero que la pongas para hacer quehacer jaja
Huh! GAAAAAAY!!
awesome
❤
Two seconds in and already dropped a like I don't care Kane Brown  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
He deserves much more....No words to say... #KaneBrown
LOVE LOVE ...I could listen to your voice forever 💚❤️💙💛💜
Used to love you sober still my favorite
I could be your mom but damn..
man love this song great
I love this song it makes me think of my husband and laying in bed
Made my first song tell me what you think like and give a follow if it's lit \nHttps://soundcloud.com/ziklit/run-it-up-prod-blackmayo \n\nHttps://instagram.com/ziklit\nHttps://twitter.com/isaiahtheboy
I didn't like Kane at first tbh, but he's sure changed my mind with a handful of songs including this one. Hope he goes as far as possible.
I saw this right as it dropped now 1.4 mil lol
WOW to be young again I would follow him from bar to bar lol
I love your music 😍 this is my favorite song by you! ❤❤
One of my new favorite songs.. much love to you..
Is this country music? Because wow where tf I been omg 😍
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
My cousin met him they said he's a very down to earth guy
He starts so low that the bass is moving the floor, sexy ; )
What are you a light skin slash country singer da fuck
Hello from cumberland Iowa. Love your songs
Sounds like another depressing country song
Kane brown is shit. Listen tupac that is music
I have been listening to you scenes last minute late night came out and this is one of my favorite
This song is so wonderful. It perfect Your perfect Kane Brown.
This is my favorite song of kane brown
I just can’t 😭❤️
So what genre is he pop country or r&b?
That's the kind of voice that gets you laid.
Nice!!! I'm so glad you didn't sell your soul Kane!!!!
BEAUTIFUL SONG! HE HAS BEAUTIFUL MUSIC PERIOD.
Who's falling in love with him 🙃🙃🙃🙃😩
After all.. good music still exists!
I’m loving this song so hard!!😍😍
dam i was surprised,,,he sound good & look good lol
❤️❤️ Come Play In Northern Oklahoma!❤️❤️
I knew he was pullin as soon as I saw the thumbnail
this song is shit
breath taking love u Kane Brown
When are you doing a coster
I would so be his cougar and do very dirty things to him. 😂😂😂
This song reminds me of me and man. He always says he is in heaven with me. 💖 love  this song.
dedicate this song to my amazing husband😍 together going on 4 years, married 1 year next month❤ i love you until the day i die.
Just came across kane.... was not expecting the voice that came out of him but super happy about it!!!
Can't get enough of this song. 🎧🎵🎶🎵🎶🎤
Shit I’m in love 😍
really love this song 💖
Yet another hit in the making! Keep up the amazing work brotha I've been a fan since your very song got released!
He just keeps getting better and better!! <3 Gosh his voice is just to damn sexy.
Theres nothing better than to listening to the good ole boy every morning to get my day started right. Couldn't,t be I,m a little bit crazy about them cause Jason is my nephew. But seriously they are so good  and everyone I have listen to them have heard them or really like them Jason your aunt Lynn no. Is the same 7752236775 call me or Facebook book me I,m in Dallas seeing the best liver doctors so maybe the can help me live longer. Remember they gave me 6months and I passed that by a year. I love you and the good ole boy...you always make my day and would love to talk to you...love you the mostest. Your Aunt Lynn
Your voice is Perfect.
me: dam, this song is so good<3\nSister: told yu. hes perfect\nbrother that over heard: yeah its good. 2 bad in reality, going to Heaven is better than lieing in bed with some chick u got drunk with.\n\ntriggers sister*\nme: laughs and walks away.
My heaven is gone now but i love her still
luke bryans song what makes you country came out the same day and has 175,000 views but kane brown has 1,222,795 views. nothing makes luke bryan country. keep it up kane. your music is the best.
this young man can really sing, nice song.
My girlfriend sent this song to me and it made me feel so good
This song is to my aunt moe in haven I LOVE U!!!
i have listened to this 20 times. My bf sent this to me it is now our song
Do anyone agree with me
Ok heaven is way better than that lmbo.  kids dnt even understand lol
I think i just got my very first celebrity crush at 24 years old. Lol 😍😍
Holy shit was not expecting that 😲🖤
so I legit heard this song yesterday and I'm absolutely in love already, it makes me look at my boyfriend and think of the whole world in my hands;) I love you so so so much Kane and if it wasn't for you I wouldn't like country music got have the voice of an angle and deserve so much more credit you are such an inspiration to me and many more and you are also a very handsome handsome handsome man and I can't wait to see you in concert::))))) can we get my comment to at least 50 likes
New song allredy got a lot of likes owasome
Love this song!! And his voice 😍
This song had me in this moment! Amazing and I loved it!
Cheers To Kane Brown ~!!!!Xxoxo Smokin HOTT Sexxy....Gorgeous Voice...Kisses,Kane....You Rock It Hard With Your Flavor....Xxo....Much Love & Mad Respect ❤❤🌟❤❤
Get a life
im so tired of cry face karaoke songs. doesnt anyone kick ass anymore
Can't tell WCW Wrestlers.....
Love the LJN transition.
*In Homestar Runner voice *: Strong Bads
Wow, no Homestar Runner shout out?
Wait, strong bads? SBE_MAIL!!
new theme song? SAD!
I love watching avgn XD
Doink how's it going Georgie
asssss
Wow. LJN won't leave AVGN alone.
LJN Rainbow screen wipe.  Fucking genius.
The NERD is jacked bitches
Raw was wicked dude
NO SUB ESPAÑOL ? waaaaaaaw thanks
Fuckin LJN LMAO
Strong Bad?
Whatever I'll pick Ric Flair\nWOOOOO!
The Intro was awesome
Homestar Runner approves of this . . .
AHAHAHAH loved this one. Great!
Strong bads? Someone call home Star!
AVGN is losing his hair.
Nice one dude
you got a tattoo ok
Saturday Night Slam Masters>>>>>>>>Any and all WWE games.
Forgot to mention the WCW game for the NES. There's also a truckload more such as FirePro Wrestling.
No reference to the famous Homestar Runner character when talking about the Strong Bads? What the crap, man...\n LOL!
Wait...why not have the new wrestling games made by capcom....i mean 2k has been piss shit with the games recently
I hit every damn button possible, and there's only two of them. <---ok that was funny
Why not review WCW for the NES?!?
Awesome, I love it when you guys take the time out too do these, makes them memorable. Not many younger ones will get that last rant before you threw the game into the ring. Nicely done, laughed plenty at the wise cracks too, still got it AVGN
Do you pay for that intro music? What a shitty arrengement.
Thanks and please keep doing these videos, I love them, I've a fan for years now
Could you do a review of the Sega Genesis game Shining Force
Alot of the nes games were horrible. Most snes games were bad except wm arcade and slam masters. Now wcw super brawl I thought was decent, better than most of the other shit presented. It wasnt until n64, ps1 when they really nailed it as far as wrestling games go. I was interested in wwf rage in cage which was a sega cd game, never played it but like to take a look at it seeing it was older game in the snes era.
James Rolph is everything good about YouTube. Keep of the great work man. The Nerd's videos have been such awesome work and great entertainment for as long as I can remember now. Thanks.
Winner is Strong Bads\nDoes that mean loser is Home Stars?
would rather play Wrestlemania Challenge than watch your show actually. your show is on DVD???? what?????
Hey how about the Ps1 version of the  Fifth Element?
Saturday night slammasters...best game. Deserved more games like it with a bigger roster
Royal Rumble on the Genesis was one of my favorite games growing up. :(
You run around mashing the A button, hoping your deformed stump hits the other guy. \n\nYou had me laughing the whole way through with this one, James. Well done.
please please please do a review on the awful game Splatter House. On Playstation 3 this game took the over use of blood to a whole new level. I love violent games but this one was just so so corny and just an awful game.
Time to cut up that commentary and apply it to current WWE Trash programming!
when the nerd was cutting his promo on wcw super brawl he reminded me suddenly of jim cornette
Did he just.... drink a beer that wasn’t rolling rock?
When this vid came out Marc Nero seriously came to my middle school
Dude, how can you rip WWF Raw and WWF Royal Rumble? Those games were amazing for their time! You just like ripping LJN, which I understand to an extent. But a lot of your complaints are about not knowing how to play the games. Nor did you show off any of the good features of the good games. If you knew how to play the games I bet you'd have a lot more fun with the two I mentioned. Not to mention, you missed WWF No Mercy and WWF Wrestlemania 2000 on N64, both classics!
Sometimes you just cant play enough shit, shit that just lives on from childhood nostalgia haha
WWF Raw and Royal Rumble on SNes were pretty good !!
the kind of shit that never wipes...\nnever wipes...\nnever...\n\nmy sides...
*I wonder if the Nerd will start moving up a generation of consoles and start reviewing less SNES games and more PS1 games, for example.*
Crazy to see those clips of episodes from 2007 and then see the Nerd's hair thinning out in 2017. We're old, people.
The Nerd proved once again what we already knew; that for this games there is only ONE WORD TO DESCRIBE THEM, AND I'M GONNA SPELL IT OUT FOR YOU: S -H -I -E -T, SHIIEEEET.
I always hated Saturday Night Slam Masters it didn't feel like much of a wrestling game my favorite wrestling games from the era were the Technos WWF wrestling games but I think they were only in the arcade
Why does the nerd have a copy of a  sonic exe game in the start
My two favorite wrestling games on the NES were WCW wrestling and Pro Wrestling.
Hey, Nerd. I guess you forgot the time you were on a panel and listed WWF Royal Rumble as your favorite LJN game?  Hell, I could play well on the LJN SNES games and the WCW one. Are you just purposely playing them badly?
This one had good ol avgn commentary
Winner is Strong Bad?!
that cart was such a jobber to get pinned that easily
I think avgn should review play station 1 games. They're old enough and outdated by now to be trashed on.
1. Who is Hull Cogan?\n2. I thought LJN's only decent games were the WWF games.\n3. I found this video 8 days too late.
Top notch! The intro was amazing!
Guy with red mask called Strong Bad? Am I the only one that thinks that it sounds familiar?
Spend so many hours playing Wrestmania the Arcade on Playstation
alright, the nerd is back on track!
vocals at intro were so out of tune it hurts lol
Huh. Strong Bads. Wouldn't it be cool to se AVGN review Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People?
DATA EAST tag team wrestling is far superior to acclaim's Wrestle Mania.
Part 2 More snes and n64/Ps1 \nPart 3 Gamecube/Ps2/and Xbox\nPart 4 Xbox 360/ Ps3/ and wii \nPart 5 PC/Ps4/Xbox One
I feel he didn't build up the hatred of the game enough to warrent such an over the top reaction to that one game.
Me and my cousin coudnt figure out the nes pins, either.  I just remember that guitar from honkey tonk man bouncing across the ring
Please do another chronologically confused episode, either revisiting Zelda's timeline or taking a look at the Metroid timeline.
Sorry, but I prefer the arcade version of Wrestlemania by Midway... The PS1 and the Saturn versions have no music.
Lucky he did not played the WWF game of Konami... button smashing at its best!
What?!? I loved WWF Raw and Royal Rumble on the SNES.
You should do a special video all a out LJN.
he likes kaiju....horror movies...rock/heavy metal....AND pro wreswtling?\n\nis this man my soulmate?
fucking LJN.. well at least back in the days you knew never to rent any LJN game
You should've play no mercy
Oh... are you actually... losing some hair? Well, even a nerd can't escape aging.
WWF No Mercy was the last wrestling game I ever played, and it was great.  I played that game so much, and I loved the create a character feature.
your losing your touch its 2017 look up the button mapping lol
Check'n my e-mails... oh new AVGN! NICE!
Said 80's/90's were best, yet doesn't know any of the names. lmao.\n\ngood episode though, but nerd was clearly a 95+ fan of the austin times.
The best wrestling game for the NES imo was Tecmo World Wrestling. Didn't even have any real life wrestlers but it had cinema scenes for the finishing moves and you could build up your stats by working out.
Wrestlefest 91 will always be my #1 wrestling game ever
Any one remember the wrestlers. IRS
MILLER LITE IN THE INTRO INSTEAD OF ROLLING ROCK?!?!?
damn so that's where strong bad on homestar runner came from lol
Please review army men:soldiers of misfortune. Worst game I've ever played
Oh my god, James is losing hair.
Y mis subtítulos >:(
The real nerd-merican
Never thought AVGN would ever review SIX LJN games in one video.
he needs to play D&D hillsfar on the NES
I only clicked on this video so I can   text this, damn what a ridiculous look on game nerds face! what a Di*k!
Man, James and the AVGN has really been showing a return to form and putting out quality videos at a ridiculous pace lately. I love their other content, but damn....major props. :)
strong bad where have i heard that name i really want to know
His voice reminds me of Alan Harper from Two and a Half Men
I have never seen this degree of self-absorbed Narcissism
Trying to make his brother relateable its a good syop on there part thou but i wont bite dont believe a word 🙈🙉🙊
Again people! He is an ACTOR!! The guy tries too hard to be convincing. He is paid to play the brother in this utterly insane hoax.
He is definitely on drugs here.  Maybe Xanax?
C O M P E D
This guy knows exactly what happened ... He is literally hypothetically paraphrasing what he KNOWS. This guy is so coked up
14:50 Steve was an ar... Then he suddenly stops and finds another word to replace what he was about to say..ar..ms dealer ????
IDGAF WHAT NOBDY SAY this is the gunman .. wtf is yall blind or am i trippin .. they twins ?
The whole family is probably all messed up in the head
nothing makes senses out of this guy
Warning: If you have in any way been affected by this event, do not read the comments. They are written by insensitive, uneducated people who claim large televised tragedies to be fake.
I hope the Feds watch this man as well, he's defensive about what his brother has done. I see him being a threat to society following his brothers footsteps
And as I watch it more I think this guy is genuine... I thought he was nuts from the 5 min clip I saw but I now believe Steve is a patsy
He looks like abruzzi from prison break
The point of this interview. Did others know of this plan beforehand. This guy did. IMO
When your life is destroyed that means it is destroyed...
The word of the day is Steve
Steve could of lost all his money,he was a multi millionaire that gambled everynight,believe me..you can loose millions in these casino's in one night..he planned this..noone mentioned how much money he had left yet..that's when we will know.
why he shot himselfe if he can do all what he wants
I think this guy is very intelligent, and his brother went into some kind of hard core mental disorder. Their isn't any blood test for mental illness.
He's unnecessarily defensive even about things he doesn't have to be.  He acts as though the press is pushing him even when they're not saying anything at all, as though it's already pre-planned.\n\nThe way he shifts from seemingly upset to happy.. There's something unnatural about it.  He reminds of those extras you see on the crime dramas.\n\nHas to emphasize the idea that Steve did it all by himself, as if he was expecting that to be in question.  That's just for the mainstream narrative.  The 'alternative' (idea being pushed out there particularly by the same people behind the mainstream idea) is that there were multiple shooters.  Either way, they (the 'powers that be') want you to think that it was one or the other.   \n\nP.S.  How in the world was a man looking exactly like Steven Paddock seen gambling on the 6th of October in an Atlanta, Georgia casino?  (I'm sure he had plenty of money to gamble along with that plane ticket).  Also has a girlfriend who looks exactly like Paddock's.  ..interesting.  You could say the resemblence is rather, ....uncanny...\n\nAnd didn't know if he was married or not?  ..I wonder if he knows his clone is still alive and gambling..  Well, he could have been _too_ rich.  He apparently sued a casino (and lost) for 'slipping' and 'falling' down... and so, He sent $100,000 to the Phillipines, and it didn't raise any red flags with the feds, when it sure as heck would have with any one of _us??_  Uh, oh, we better call for more legislation to keep tabs on everybody (except for the wealthy/'elite' and connected..\n\nWhy would you live in a Hotel anyway?  as expensive as they are?  Yet he goes on to say he would only stay their for a night here and there.\n\nThe fusion restaurant -- WHICH I HIGHLY RECOMMEND -- who talks like that?  \n\nWe know he was a loner, apparently.  The perfect 'candidate,' (so to speak), to 'act' in such a scenario.\n\nHe wasn't the kind of guy who would have gone into the hospital for treatment?  No medical records, eh?  Did he happen to have any aliases, by any chance?\n\nHe was an arm..  They want you to think he was about to say arms dealer, with plausible deniability that he meant to say, [Steve was an] army of one.  He was no arms dealer.  That's only part of the 'controlled opposition' psyop.  They have to have you think by all means that what they say happened is really what happened, in order to fit their political narrative/agenda.\n\nThe guy deserves an Oscar.  When Steven can do this, we are in deep $#%t!  Yeah, gotta put that out there.    To be perfectly honest with you, I don't even think a 'guy like Steve' could have done what he allegedly did in the way that he allegedly did it.  I don't think _anyone_ did.\n\nSays people would say nice things about him when there was no reason to say nice things about him..  Says say whatever you want about [Steve]; it's not gonna hurt him.  Yet he gets very defensive when not even being pressed at the beginning.\n\nNo funeral.  He's sure is sure to make that point..  As if his mother wouldn't care about it.  Not any mother I know.  I don't care _what_ he did.\n\nI'm crying! (yeah, I can see that...)..  I'm not a crying kinda guy, ....I can tell..\n\nThis is some performance.  He's ...praying for at least some data points.   Somehow he doesn't strike me as the praying type.  Well, at least not to the same one I pray to..\n\nHe doesn't seem to be grieving too much.\n\nThey're not telling him anything, even though he's clearly not a 'person of interest'?  Why wouldn't they be talking to him when he is the suspect's closest of kin?  How about the mother?  Where is she?\n\nSo he seems to be familiar enough about shooting automatics and has clearly done it before based on what he's saying, yet, it's not something he or his brother ever did...  (sounds scripted to me, and clearly _doesn't_ seem to be familiar with shooting any of these guns.  Why is he pretending to be more familiar with guns than he's trying to make us think he is?  O_o  I wouldn't be surprised if either he _nor_ his brother have ever really shot any guns.  Either that or he's just going along with the agenda.\n\nRefresh my memory?  O_o\n\nEverything about this is just weird.  (and not even just because of what I know [they're not telling us]).
this guy needs to be in jail before las Vegas happens again
did he tell me no not yet are we still talking about his brother
Well, this man checks out. Definitely nothing to see here.
Put this wealthy nut job in a mental hospital plz!!!!
Why would the casinos comp him if he beats them all the time?
Listen to the Clue of The Day\nTells everything.. where's the \nHotel Video?
Steve wanted to be like his dad...
There are serious personality, antisocial disorders in this family. The gunman hated people he didn’t know, and used the same weapon as his father. His brother is arrogant and should be more apologetic, cries with no tears. Does not sympathize with victims. He lacks empathy.
This guy needs a straight jacket and lessons.
$100,000 is a good chunk of change no matter how wealthy you are. \nI feel sorry for him though, having to try to explain his brothers actions. NEWS FLASH; WE ARE NEVER GOING TO KNOW THE FULL STORY/MOTIVE/REASON THIS HAPPENED!!! It's not terrorism, terrorism is defined as; the use of violence as a means to achieve religious/political goals. this wasn't ISIS or Timothy mcveigh blowing up the federal building in OKC, etc... \nThis attack was well planned, executed from a tactically advantageous position, and that's why it was so deadly. \nIt wasn't some idiot going into a nightclub like Orlando or Adam Lanza killing 30+ six year olds. \nTHERE WAS NO PREVENTING THIS INCIDENT!!! Just like the German pilot that flew his plane into the alps killing 300+ people, unpreventable
he not right his brother a pyscho crazy killer hes way off runs in the family
He's trying to make sense of this event. He's trying to make sense of his emotions. He's trying to make sense of his thoughts about what really happened. He's a little bit delusional. Maybe it's because of the shock. He's trying to hold onto how he knew his brother and how he want to remember his brother but fails to except the reality of what his brother did he's disconnecting his thought of his brother from how we see his brother. The reality is that his brother did an awful thing. I think before given this speech he should just be quiet and get some professional help to sort out his thoughts feelings and emotions about the whole matter because when  he looks back at this video if he is of sound mind will see the problem.
To all bell boys, anything hire then $100 is suspicious now I guess
Plot twist he is Steve
who defends guns haahahahahahaha this fool on it.
This guy is a ticking time-bomb too........
For all the bad mouthing about this dude. I just gotta say he seems like a regular Joe.
Aye he snorted cocaine back into his nose
14:42 exclusive detail of his brother he never really new like that
this dude could not sell honey to a bee. im not buying nothing he saying
something horrible happened to MY brother
This guy need a attorney ASAP because something don’t add up
hes a little off but thats normal when one is in shock, hes genuinen
https://youtu.be/hldt7XLzlUs   Watch that video.   You really need to so you can see the real reason this happened
I like how he started crying and then once he talked about crying he stopped in a quarter second
we know that Steve must have been the older brother the way his brother was talking about him it must have been an older brother and everybody lost he lost his brother and people lost their families so this whole thing is a lose-lose situation but it's also an eye opener like he said you don't know what people could be bringing in the hotel and they need to look at that they need to analyze what Steve did and change the laws of the hotel's everybody should because of this I think we'll be okay this is a win-win-win situation for the hotel situation you can't we got to look through your bags and Steve thanks Steve for it everybody has to look to your back cuz you bring into something that you shouldn't be bringing in you should be penalized for It Whatever It Whatever It Takes somebody to get up in there and then shoot all those people like that you got to be smarter than that you got to protect your hotel so you don't know who's going to retrain what or somebody's going to hold the hotel up or anything so we got to be safe God bless all the people that that was lost that got shot and hurt and even for the bad guy may his soul go to heaven because I don't understand that people are just off the hook right now and so many people died this year so I just want to say that maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm right but that's my opinion on that topic God bless everybody
This is also fake. I again, study ppl.
Take a shot every time he says Steve
I hate this guys the way he talks 🖕🏿
All this guy can say is how much money they have... the way he speaks is not very bright.
Let this obviously deranged brother (must run in the family) keep on BRAGGING & BOASTING HOW RICH HIS IDIOT, WHACKED OUT BROTHER IS SO RICH AND GENEROUS‼️ It's just more 💲💲💲MONEY THAT WILL BE GOING STRAIGHT TO THE VICTIMS OF THIS HORRIFIC SHOOTING‼️‼️ Granted it won't help those who lost loved ones, but it may just help the 500 injured people pay their bills and make things just a little bit more manageable. God bless everyone touched by this terrible act of cowardice and terror. William Sturman ~
Thank God for this guy and his failed but entertaining performance! If this acting doesn't convince you that there's something wrong with the media coverage of the las vegas shooting...
Guy's bonkers - like his brother
This guy is off his head too I think
He already taught his kids to shoot, potential future shooters!
Doth do protest TOO much that your brother did this.
His defenses are up right now and i hope the media and others,do not let him have a break down, because i truly believe he had no involvement in no way shape or form as to what his brother did.Nor, do i believe that Stephens girlfriend did either.Just my opinion.
I feel so bad for this family & everyone affected by this horrible act. Heartbreaking!
My observation:\n\nHe’s obviously a little “over the cliff” himself, and seems more upset in the fact that his brother-whom has all this money and treats him to these royalties- is now gone and it is all sinking in. \n\nHe keeps talking of himself a lot, like when the reporter asked about the victims families and he’s going on about himself being successful... that was just crap. \n\nHe doesn’t care about anyone, he just cares about the money. You hear him talk of his brother as if he were a fatherly figure to him. So, you can tell that he desperately wanted to fall into the path of his brother with all of the luxuries.
I love this guy, priceless entertainment
Did anybody smelled something fishy? The distance between the sane and insane is just a thin hairline.
Bruh this guy looks like Heisenberg from breaking bad 😂
This is the results of closing mental hospitals in the 70’s
Am I the only one that thinks it’s weird he says “steve was Steve is a good guy” “steve loved, Steve loves Mary Lou” if he knows he’s dead why is he speaking like he’s still alive?
Well I learned that we can't work at Taco Bell
Might need to close watch for this guy! he looks weird...
This squirrel ate the wrong nuts.
Virtually NO SYMPATHY for the victims....
I don't own a semi automatic gun...  well I do own a semi automatic rifle
I don't think he did it... I think he was an easy target to frame and a larger group killed all these people. Just my thought.
It's weird it seems like he's acting. Idk he's a really weird dude.
This broke the rule! Whatever happends in Vegas stays in Vegas. Not anymore!
Everbody going against the man like hes hiding something, only thing he is saying is that hes brother was a “normal” person as any other person in USA, and that he dont accept the media telling hes brother possibly was crazy
oops 7:25
His Fuckn boogers came out lmfao  7:30 🤣🤣😂😂
someone giveLSD
Crazy
This wigga is cray cray!
weirdest interview ever. Fusion restaurant highly recommended.
Dude blowed off some coke lol
He looks crazy too 🤦🏻‍♀️
WOW, what a train wreck !
nice acting
Rambles on & on like someone on amphetamines.
GTA talk show personality
Second speech? Lying fuckers.
#FUCKTHEPADDOCKS
False false false
so dwight shot up vegas?
CERTIFIED CRACKPOT
other links;\nhttps://youtu.be/VidgB8OLqiE\nhttps://youtu.be/zkIN6tBMgg
What a fruitcake
this is weird
This is the most bizarre interview I've ever seen in my 40 years of breathing. Jesus H Christ. Something reeks here, folks...
This guy is a actor; this shooting is fake
if you have any remorse give the victims all your guys money ya right
When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
You gotta understand this man understand life. He understands the situation and is morning in the public forum. \nLeave this man and his family alone. The evil that was within that shooter has already moved. Be careful it isn't you...
social media doesn’t help with this in modern times. we need to understand a lot of thoughts aren’t put into words, and everyone has felt negative emotions. you are not alone.
I feel lonely and odd because I'm lonely and odd.
Because Jesus isn't in their heart without him you'll feel empty. Triggered comments put below👇👇👊
THIS IS THE VIDEO I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED 💖
1. There is an excellent video by the legendary psychologist Erich Fromm on youtube, where he says:\n\nThe most normal are the sickest, and the sick ones are the most healthy\n\n( Die Normalsten sind die kränkesten und die Kranken sind die gesündesten. )\n\nWhat he means is that people who show absolutely no symptoms of suffering, anxiety, or confusion are the ones who are most in  trouble. Because they are probably supressing everything, being totally alienated from themselves. \n\nBut those who worry, suffer and feel  tormented most of the time are indeed the healthy ones because these symptoms show that they are still  connected to their inner selves.\n\n Well, isn't that good news??\n\n2. Now, just as a thought experiment, take the person who seems to you to be the most different, the most distant person from you. If you think long enough about  him / her, you surely will find a trace of every aspect of his personality within yourself too. \n\nThe very same fear or insecurity may turn one person into a wiseman and the other into a tyrant...That's why our personalities seem so different at first sight. But when we label those who don't seem like us as  abnormal indeed we shy away from the task of searching for the same disturbing character features within ourselves.\n\nI would also like to recommend a great movie called  Normal. ( With an amazing Jessica Lange and Tom Wilkinson ) There you will find a man who seems  abnormal to everybody in his life including his wife and children!  Poor guy, what a hell that must be... But in the end you will see how much you have in common with him. \n\nThat's why I love the movies and literature... They open you the doors to the inner lives of people whom you could never truly get to know, even if they were your neighbours, your partner or your best friend...A great book or movie has the capacity to show you every aspect of a human being. In real life you only see that what the other person allows you to see, plus what your intuition adds to it. \n\n( You can at least watch the trailer of the movie on youtube. Just search  for:  Normal - Trailer Jessica Lange, Tom Wilkinson. The acting is really incredible!! )\n\n3.  The good thing about none of us  being normal, is that when just ONE person dares to open up, be vulberable and be himself, then it helps all the people around him to liberate themselves too. There is a really wonderful example of this on a RADIOLAB podcast called  The New Normal. It is the story of Stu Rasmusen, the first trangender mayor in the US. He managed to be the mayor of a very conservative small town and change everybody's perspective about what it means to be normal! \n\n\n4. And here is a remedy for all shy friends: \n\nYou can read Ryszard Kapuscinski's wonderful book  The Other . That can really  be a life changing experience for you. Because: what can help overcoming shyness more than realising that there is NO other?\nWe sometimes exaggerate our differences in order to  confirm our identity and feel ourselves more special. But we must indeed do the opposite: we must always deliberately look for what we have in common. It would be helpful to have these simple lines always in mind:\n\n You are human beings nonetheless.\n As far as one can see\n Of the same species as myself \n\n( Pozzo, in Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot )\n\nThanks a lot for this very consoling lesson and for the truly wonderful animation!
we actually feel alone because God created us all out of himself, thus we are all apart of God. But at the beginning it was only him, and he was alone. So the loneliness you feel within is really only an echo of God's primal emotion at the beginning of time.
Its why I think I'm alien to my own species. Most times I just feel like everyone is out for themselves and only need you when they want something.
Here's a video suggestion. Could you please do one about the obsession we have for our birthdays?
Please make a video about immature or childish thing :(
Love this video. Thanks again School of Life
At 1:56-1:57 the black character has an erection.
This is the product of an extremely conceited and closed mind to not realize that the experiences and thoughts of others are even present and is rather superficial. If one if only able to see the outside of a person then that person lacks the basic empathy or at least the cognitive ability needed to understand the point of view of anyone who is not themselves. This video plays up the feeling that people believe that no one could possibly relate to them.
oh my god all of you are so stupid god loves us and the gays he even loved hitler for gods shakes i love snakes omg and 3 lol
needed this right now, thank you.
Poetry is the science of the awake unconscious speaking to the state of living.
Another reason we (or I) wear masks, is that I'm currently unable to articulate the person that I feel I am inside, so wearing a mask is easier. Sometimes the body lacks the precision to move and speak in the way I feel I truly am. It's not all down to anxiety.
I don't know if this is a great idea or not. Sometimes I wonder if I throw my weight around online too much simply by offering suggestions (for content). Or, maybe I think I am more powerful than I actually am (because of my brilliant suggestions). It seems like, if not School of Life, then another place should do an episode on social statistics, and what they actually mean. I'm autistic, and I've read that autistic people usually end up trapped in working class-like situations, regardless of where we start. I look at that and think rather than I'm going to beat these statistics, I think Ahhh, I'm doomed! There's no way out! The good psychologist or sociologist asks why, and what causes a statistic to be. The good epistemologist asks a) Does knowing a statistic like this count as self-knowledge and b) Is it better to know this, or is it better not to know? It's The Meno Problem right?
Just moved into uni and was putting myself down because I'm not as good at socializing as my flatmates, but then I thought how far I've come, making friends with course mates and having long conversations with new people because a few years back I never would have been able to do that :') I feel a tad lonely, but I guess everyone else does at this stage as well
ever since I was a kid ppl thought I was a weirdo so I embrace that shit, makes life easier and much more fun when I can do whatever the fuck I want and ppl are like oh well that's just dynp being dynp also you're not fukkin alone. I'm a juggalo and I know there are a shit ton of weirdos out there JUST LIKE ME who like the same shit I do and don't give a fuck. whoop whoop!
School of life should do a literature video on Anthony Burgess/ F Scott Fitzgerald/ or like John Wyndham or HG Wells they've all got a form of literature with meaning
I just want to thank you for all the videos you do and the hardwork you put in them. I really enjoy them. Also, the essays you write , i read them when i wake up for school and they always get me thinking. Keep up the good work 💛
Plain and Simple, Start a relationship with Lord Jesus Christ and let him fill your heart, Never let your flesh control you which are focused more on the world which is the pride and lust and sex, drugs and alcohol, Etc.\n\nMoney and possessions and lust won't fill your heart and you will never experience life and peace and joy and everlasting life unless you come to repentance and get to learn of Lord Jesus Christ and let him enter your heart and when that does happen, What a great blessing it is Amen, Not even wicked people and satan and his demons can't do anything about it because God of Israel is mighty and strong and in control, Never doubt the Father from the heavens and know that he is for you and not against you.\n\nThis society, lifestyle, This system in countries and schools and teachings and knowledge and possession and money and religions around the world isn't from God, Their from man, Man made, True Relationship with Lord Jesus Christ is where the truth is at, You only have to be willing to run into the Father's mighty arms and let him embrace you and let him change your heart brand new through the blood of Lord Jesus Christ, Spiritually amen.\n\nIf you take Jesus out of your region you won't be safe, You take his commandments down and don't even keep it, Your in danger, you continue to mixture yourself with demons that only want to bring you down with them in the Lake of fire and be destroyed, You are in grave danger that only in Jesus name is able to break and destroy the devil strong holds and evil curses as well, Nothing is too hard for the Lord, They all tremble before God because He is mighty and strong and soon destroy them, And how terrifying it will be if you made that choice to join along foolishly in their greater damnation, Jesus brings True liberty and salvation and sweet victory, America, and all these things won't give you anything, Your life is only rough and hard because you choose not to listen to the Father calling, He is able to bring you up and you will supplied and will be blessed, As long as you keep following Jesus and not yourself and this world Amen.\n\nYou people laugh and smirk and think evilly before God, you people, don't you know that God has not forgotten what you did wrong? your not safe and will never be, But God is being very patient and merciful for you because he loves you unconditionallay, Get away from wickedness you people, No matter what color or race, You are made in the image of God physically and spiritually, You cannot escape from God's mighty judgment, he will judge the righteous and the wicked, The righteous will have life but the wicked will perish, Turn to the  Father you people no matter how your situation is, Come to him if not then God will be far from you and you will cry and none will hear, You will call for help but none will help, You people how long will you anger God? he loves you just get up and be serious about your life, CALL UPON JESUS NAME and let him deliver you and draw near to God and he will draw near to you and you will be reborn again and then will your cry and it will be heard from the Father, he will deliver you and when call upon him for his help and he will deliver you and help you, when you are in pain and trouble, Child don't let sorrow break you, The Father loves you for all things have a purpose and he will take vengeance for you, You see these sad people child, don't be bitter and do not let hate overtake you and never let go of love, Lust ain't love throw that away, Lift up True Love inside your heart Child and that's Lord Jesus Christ, look to the Father and let him help you, In the end, your painful experience is a blessing and it will shine bright, All souls belong to Jesus, never doubt the father, You people how long will you choose to follow evil and not Good? Don't waste your life and your purpose God has created you for, don't waste yourself for folly things that are pointless if it won't encourage you and bring you closer to Jesus and bring your faith to shine more, it is not worth it, Following Jesus is amen, He will comfort you and wipe your tears and remind you of his unfailing love for you, For He is your true father from above in the heavens amen, He is a Father to the fatherless, don't mess with them because if God hears their precious cries and tears then you will be destroyed, God is a judge for the widows, Don't mess with them because God will judge you and you'll be in great trouble, God is an Awesome and Fair God, God of Israel Amen.\n\nIf there's no love which is Jesus, Then people will error greatly and follow their own way and it may seem good outside and they may try to use history to back up their foolish imaginations, but inside them, it isn't the truth, neither is it good, And Good works will never be enough to enter into the Kingdom of God only through Lord Jesus Christ, who paid our debt and did it for us, You only have to believe and have Faith, not belief and your feelings those are entirely different from Faith and believing, having a relationship with Lord Jesus Christ who is God is the Good news and the Truth Amen.\n\nThere are sad people on this world that rather reject God and go after the world which is pointless and no hope for them unless they be willing to turn to the Father, Jesus can change a wicked sinner into a beautiful, clean saint, And how beautiful it is indeed, You won't learn from anything from this video neither anything else but from God's words alone, The Holy Bible King James Bible Amen, You have to take everything from God's words literally and ask for Jesus for Guidance and help in his words and you will see, You will understand that others will not because everyone is different and unique, Just like the stars God created for example, Each having names and each being very unique and beautiful, But for you, You are much more to God then the Stars, God of Israel Loves You Unconditionallay and you will always be important to God but if you continue to live in sin, Don't do it, Go any deeper and there will be no hope for you and there will be no way for you to come to repentance, But it is never too late right now while there is still time, Jesus is able to restore the soul and deliver everyone from falling, You only need to look deep into God's words and learn from him Amen.\n\nWhat will you do? Get up and get away from being comfortable to this world, Living for Jesus Christ is worth it Amen, There are greater things ahead that this world will never understand but only in Jesus alone, God knows your heart and there's no hiding anything from him, You can hide in a cave but that still won't hide yourself from him, It's a very very very terrible, Dreadful and terrifying experience to be standing against a Strong and Powerful Living God who created you and form you with a purpose, But how a great blessing and beautiful it is to stand with our True Father God who is Mighty and Strong, God can do the impossible and never doubt him, He's GOD OF THE LIVING! GOD OF ISRAEL AMEN.
I needed this right now, thanks for helping me feel better :)
Because you hang out in front of your computer all day!
I think you're wrong with this one, School of Life. Sometimes you just have to cope with realizing that you're odd. Sometimes trying to connect with people on a deeper level is great for realizing that their insides are different from what they portray externally, but it's also great for realizing that who they are internally is still very different from who you are internally. Sometimes you really are just odd and you have to embrace that.
Feedback: been subscribed for about two years now. I wish you guys would make more videos that feature actors or even real world scenarios. Actually I also loved your videos about the great philosophers... if there aren't any of them left to do then what about other notable artists or famous people like, I dunno... JFK, Martin Luther King or Lady Gaga.
Maybe you think you know yourself but your mama thinks she knows better but your psychiatrist says you're both wrong then the priest says nah you're all clueless...none knows the 100% truth so there is no such thing as you...or they ..just an idea
I like the love illustration. Who did it?
This animation art is wonderful !!! I am amazed !!!
I love seeing depressed people self loathe like total retards. I kinda pity them. Just to feel bad for themselves. It's edgy, retarded, and doesn't help depression.
These days i feel less lonely when i am around books , dogs and nature .Being in a group of people makes be extremely lonely ..i really dont like the shallow talks , selfies ,snapchat and gossiping about others .i especially vowed never to go to a dinner with somebody who uses phone all the time .
art? not so sure abut that. especially with it being so subjective.
Loneliness is that feeling to be stranger; the fact is that we're all strangers to each other. We live between two worlds; the inside and the outside, if you focus in the one of the inside, you'll fall in anxiety, depression and anguish and if you just focus in one of the outside you'll lose your confidence in yourself and you fall in the same illness. The other is a book, be courageous and go to the library and chose a book. Open it and start reading. We're all strangers.
This is, as often, an excellent synopsis, but I wish it would elaborate on the point that deals with the expression of internal feelings in art and love a bit more in depth instead of cutting it short at this quite important intersection. I feel like it's all a dilemma - We eithe repress our feelings like everyone else, or we choose to display them more openly at the risk of becoming vulnerable in the presence of the people we thereby choose to trust. As an artist, I've also run into a third phenomenon - where I've personally become a screen for others to project their own feelings onto because they started to view me as deep and special because of the work I do while not at all making a connection to their own innermost stuffings. This inevitably resulted in repeated cases of very tiring groupiedom. I do feel producing artworks makes for exchange and connection with other artists, though, which is a wonderful byproduct of making art and, measured by the concept presented in this video, this would be the successful scenario of solving the asymmetry. Yet --- Is this one of those problems where you end up dissatisfied whichever option you choose? Because I don't feel like being an artist has helped me with feeling lonely and odd. Like, at all. Neither has love.
Such as amazing Channel. They  never teach this in school. And if so , it feels to technical (Lack of feeling and association. Like robots). \n\nThis channel deserves more subs like 7 billion!
Please translate it to Arabic
You have got a very limited set of topics for your videos. I feel like i've watched this one already five times. Also I wonder how lonley and odd you feel Alain de Botton, and weather talking about it over and over again helps you with it. Hearing about it over and over again sure doesn't help me a lot.
This describes me too  well
I feel lonely because I lost all my friends when they left to different colleges.
This explains why I'm honest and blunt with my character.\nMy character helps people be more comfortable being themselves around me.
This video gives points that are completely subjective. How does this shit get on trending? Who did you pay?
I deeply and truly appreciate these videos and this narrator's work.
Can you do a Literature episode about Balzac?
I don't agree with this silly generational we are all ultimately the same, share the same experiences, the same thoughts and feelings. I talk to people lots and meet very few who have same or similar thoughts, feeling and experiences as me.
worship 1 GOD, \nVerily only with the remembrance of god do hearts find peace-Quran
What a coincidence. I just watched a video from SciShow Psych on a very similar feeling. They called it imposter syndrome. It's a feeling of inadequacy in successful people and thinking their success was only based on luck and that other people deserve more admiration than they do. I think you mentioned it at one point in the video.
Birth we come alone. Death we leave alone.
I AM NOT LONELY! I FEEL SO ATTACKED BY THIS
Another pretentious video. We feel odd because life is fucking strange it's that simple.
Because we have no God.
I will have to rewatch that several times to really get the idea behind this animation. For now I can tell, these are some beautiful illustrations!
I feel like you guys are rehashing your old stuff
no because of society
because we are odd and alone
This is so accurately and beautifully expressed
Hello friends, have a great day, love you
This is why reading introspective literature is so important! This is reading Kafka, ladies and gentleman! Then you can easily imagine what others in you life are going through and how they are in the inside, which is very much like yourself, which is very comforting.
Really? But I use mINS reading and individualism. I simply don't care what people think and expose my true self as much as possible.
the sketch was kinda depressing :/
man, I don't know how you choose your topics, but please keep up what you're doing.\none of the best channels on youtube.
I have spent 5 years listening to the inner reality of women's lives. http://www.collectingconversations.com Our stories may differ but we are very similar.
Truly beautiful animations! I loved when the lead character turned off the light to reveal everyone else’s deep, neon mysteries.
Life every day is happy or sad thats your life you should choose to take one of this in your life be successful and dont forget me
Is it ok to think that we should act fake so we don't put others down or bore them? I feel like we are our own individuals and that we can choose how we want to feel, but a lot of people do not think that way and expect others to entertain them or serve their interest the way they want.
I feel lonely because I decided to ditch my toxic friends and ex-partner. Now I'm too busy turning my life around studying uni via correspondence in the small rural town I live in to make friends with people I have nothing in common with. So for now, until I meet other people passionate about Science, I am lonely.
Moral of the video. Don’t care what people think because we all go through the same inner battle we try to fight
Well shit... looks like one of those solutions is hopeless for me... -_-
It's hard to make new friends when you have none because you forgot how.
Hi School of Life. Can you write an essay regarding gratification excesses found mostly on social media usage? And idenitfy newly adoptive practices of communication influenced by rapid tech advancements? Since you emphasize that well being is so important, I believe you ahould begin to study this behaviours.\nP.S Your videos always help me understand human weirdness. This is a positive thing, haha.
i’m so in love with this art
YES! I relate so much! Thanks SOL!!
For me it doesn't help that my parents have told me when I overreact or don't react normal/properly to simple things such as when I feel annoyance or sadness or hate. I once became so upset with a person because they tricked the teachers, lied multiple times a day, and yet they were proud of this and others did not seem to think badly of them. My parents tried to come up with excuses for why this person might do those things but she herself had said she was lazy and had the time to do them on multiple occasions. I broke down into tears because I felt doubted by my family, angry at the girl, wrong and bad for feeling this way, and an extreme hatred that stemmed from my feelings toward myself and her. I can also suddenly hate a person I'm supposed to love for no reason I know of and I have an overwhelming urge to kill any living thing almost every day. My parents have also repeatedly told me that I was using the wrong tone of voice (I would sound annoyed or upset when I wasn't), I was blaming others (I would explain something and mention another person when I was only trying to say how something happened not that it was their fault), and that I am glaring at them (I will try not to cry or just be staring at them).
Reminds me of we judge others on their actions, and judge ourselves on our intentions
Uhhhhh I know I'm odd... I have sex with dogs... that's pretty disgusting in everyone else's view points... but I find that eating animals out of enjoyment is disgusting... I could never eat pork or pig... I do eat chicken but I always feel sad and guilty while eating it for needed nourishment to help my skin disease.. :(
ive learned i enjoy life a hell of a lot more on my own.  im happy being lonely!!
AALIYAH MADE THIS FROM BEYOUND THE GRAVE........
делайте пожалуйста русские субтитры!
Last!
BETTER THAN THERAPY
Incredible
is this true?
anyone stressed can vent bellow. no judgement.
This was good!
True true true ...
Meditate!
Thank you.
i am a misanthrope😈
Lovely animation!
Beautiful.
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaasssseeeee subtitles in Spanisssshhhhh
TL;DW we're all eggs.
Is this tutsytut?
your topic defends bullies
wow best video ever
As french people, this title does not mean anything... I guess you wanted to say Pourquoi nous nous sentons SEULS et étranges
I'm lonely cuz most people are retards.
1:05 When will tSoL stop the sex obsession?? That is literally pornography!!
Jesus knows you completely and loves you unconditionally. Have a moment with Him and ask Him to live in your heart.
Dear School of Life,\nPlease stop stalking your subscribers, you are always uploading videos exactly when we need it to the point where it gets a little eery.
To be fair,  people you know could also know you better than yourself.
I was smiling throughout the entire video. Love the pair of them.
Still waiting waiting for the Pt.2 with Michelle Obama🙄
I'll pass the ball I'm a soccer player
Imagine the store clean up they did before Oprah came
No shame i swear
Cool
That is a luovuton bag lit
All the people filming portrait mode 😂😭
Stephanie is one lucky lady out ther!!
I seen Oprah n Leonardo Dicaprio in hudson ny
I love when Winfrey and Degenerate, and their ilk, pretend to be normal people.  They are like plastic flowers.  Totally fake.
Take Oprah  through a hunted house!!!
Ellen is mad LOL I got a feeling if I went shopping with her and she started embarrassing me I would pretend that I am going to the tolite but really trying to get away from her from the shop and if she says where are you my response will be I forgot my purse I'll be ten minutes but really sitting down at home enjoying winding her up 😂 I'm to kind to poor Ellen 😂 I love her show it is so good she is so funny. 😁
Ellen is crazy!!! Lol Talking bout Oprah pays in bars of Gold 😂😂
I can watch them whole day 😂
I would cry if I saw those two.
Funny that this was just a plug for Oprah😂still liked it though
3:52 the woman covered the little girl's eyes hahahaha
Casually using Louis V's as shopping bags. I'm obsessed with these two lol
name a more iconic duo... i'll wait
I haven’t watched this yet. But after knowing what the Michele Obama one was.  I don’t think I’ll live after this video. (Dying of laughter of course)
I like how all the workers stopped working to record XD
Ellen: Picks up cucumber\nOprah: What are you doing with those?\nEllen: (Shrugs with big smile)\nI'm done!!! lmfao
Where's part 2?  This is funny
Who else went to Gelsons and took the peaches 😂
Refuse obvious relieve ah as daily blow win writing.
when you casually go the the grocery store and end up riding home with oprah and ellen...
Omg I hAve coupons oh my God I love Ellen so much I am laughing so hard right now 2017 10:43 p.m. Chicago it's my city
I’m pretty sure Oprah was faking getting scared by the plastic skulls
When Ellen scared opera at the cashier with the skull, Andy was behind them and got scared more 😂😂
I was on Oprah when I was a baby.
Plot twist, Oprah comes out as gay to Ellen on Ellen's show.
I love how Oprah is a freakin billionaire and she's like  how much is this gonna cost me?
I would love to shop with ellen
What gets me, is all those people holding up their phones. Obviously there is a camera crew and it will be on youtube, ellentube, and national TV.  They'd already have a video copy.  Take  a picture or 2 and then put your damn phone down and enjoy their little show there!   And now all you people have phones covering your faces, so no one can see you were there now anyways!
The sad part is that you know those peaches all got bought that day!
I love those ladies 😊
What brain dead considers this entertainment ?? A racist and a dyke shopping...REALLY !! I guess this caters to the TV crowd or clueless libtards . When is Oprah going to do a special on the Blacks who owned slaves in the NORTH after slavery was abolished ??....crickets
How did I even get here I don't even WATCH this channel!
😂😂😂😂they look like they had fun
I would love to go shopping with Ellen
When was the last time you were in a grocery store? I cant imagine what life is like for celebs, what do they do off camera...that said, these 2 are hilarious together
I love Ellen. She is so funny!
i love Elen and Opra they're funny as hell
This was posted on my birthday!!
Oprah is so out of touch. Its a product of circumstance I suppose - she used to be so relatable .
Ellen is so crazy😭 no doubt.
I love Ellen and Oprah.
Only Ellen can make Oprah do that. Lolz
I couldn't stop laughing Ellen is hilarious & that lady & her daughter are so lucky to have gone home with Ellen & Oprah
Got an add with Ellen in it.
So crazy
20 mill subs dang
Magnificent women ;)
Is Ellen #TeamAndroid?
They r so blowed.
Oprah thiccc tho 🤔😈
Except importance border continent compromise suit mean outdoor.
2:43
ss
Ellen is so irritating she isn't funny now repetitive
hahaha! This is amazing! Two frickin awesome woman! Love this! I wanna meet them both!!
I wanna see Beyoncé doing this 😂😂
3:57 i absolutely adore how the mother covers her daughter's eyes from the Tugboats magazine😂😂❤️ and THAT is education 🙈💕💕
i laughed so hard when ellen ask what size of zucchini should she get.
Ellen: Which one do you want\nOprah: this one is too big \nOprah: and this one is too small\nEllen: 😂😂😂\nMe: Dammn Oprah she has a specific size 🤣😂
So Ellen is being funny when she makes Oprah look like a clown using melons to degrade her, but that's funny! Smh! But then Cam makes an unintentional statement that was deemed offensive too many women, but no woman is offended by Ellen's behavior! Typical! As long as women do things to each other it's ok like constantly referring to each other as the B-word! I'm appalled by the hypocrisy. Using a cucumber to make fun about a male size and how to use it! All of this is so-called cute when they do it! So pathetic! Then Ellen using a mic to embarrass and degrade Oprah making it appear fun. This is so offensive, and not funny at all.
I wish I could say the last time I went to a grocery store was years ago 🙄
2:44 That kid left Oprah hanging. SAVAGE!😭😭😭
I love Ellen ❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍
This was too funny!!
i dont think i could handle so much fail in one store
Did they not know tiffany?
I love Oprah but she is trying too hard to beat Mitchell Obama hang out with Ellen coz that was absolutely amazing
*Brings a big bag*\n\n*gets food*\n\n*puts the groceries in the bag without paying the money*\n\n😂👌🏼
Oprah hair is so pretty!!  I mean gorgeous Even!!
Omg so funny you are both God bless our souls
They are so funny together
Ellen and Jake Paul are are honestly the craziest people when it comes to Stores and shoppin😂😂
Was Ellen named Ellen? Or, was she named Hellen and decided to drop the r?
1:44 Ellen Troll Haha It's funny
🔜
Fakest scare ever
lovvvvee it 😂😂
😂😂 the thumbnail though😂😂
two queens
It's oprah and white oprah
Which one is bigger?
3:55 good mum :D
Oprah is actually thicccccccccc 😂😂😂
3:16  LOL ANDY ALSO GOT SCARED HAHAHAHAHA
Oprah for President!
my fav segment my two fav mc
OPRAH'S DANDRUFF SHAMPOO
Look at Ellen firiend at 16.00 or 06.00
So funny
opera looks so good
Ellen is hilarious 😂😂😂
Such children.
OMG! oprah's got such big melons! 😂
I'm 24 and cracked up when I finally got what you were talking about!! It did though! 😂😂😂
Wow the handles on the bad had me shook, I thought it was a circle and edited by mistake
omg thought i was the only one with a fear of holes 😳 never knew it was actually a thing lol
Can't friggen get ENOUGH OF YOU PATTTTT . VLOGSS PLEASE . I can watch u all day. I literally be cracking up at my phone
Sephora better come back to the UK soon
We know what you mean 😅😭😂😂😂😂😂27 years go girl I love you 😘
you're so hot
3:33 I know exactly what you were thinking XD 20 and not all that mature in regards to those kinds of jokes.
i absolutely LIVE for your vlogs! i Love you! And this makeup is doing the most right now! love it!!
Tree bark? Hope still like trees since it's keeping us breathing lol
I just moved and my new room is giving me anxiety. I'm watching this video so Pat can calm my nervous butt down while unpacking. I'm gonna treat myself to a mask after finishing up. 
Yes you are glowing that's why you're called Patricia BRIGHT
Try the nars sheer glow foundation the shade range is bomb and so is the formula :)
Can u do a vid of your hair right now? I love this bob on u!!
Patricia after that mask you didmt even need that makeup! But hey girl I think thats the best looking makeup you ever had!! Really!! Pls more of this on you
I crack up every time you say wow lmao!! love your channel, such a doll!
Be careful with the Dr. Jart, most Korean products have skin whitening effects!
Beautiful and fun as always. :-) I love watching your makeup videos, but I don't have your gorgeous skin tone... Are there any pale-girl makeup tutorial artists you'd recommend?
Does anyone know the shade of the lip liner that she used?
it made me laugh when you said fear of textures i thought i was the only one!!! one time my mom accidentally left the iron board on a wood stand we had well i guess it wasn't real wood and it made this bubbly texture it freaked me out so bad and i was scared to look at it and i could never explain it. Thanks for explaining that.
pllleased try buying from saboskirt and do a review
Love your channel! 💓
Omgg i have that phobia toooo 😂😂😂
IM 18 AND LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
Any new YouTubers want to subscribe to each other let me know I'm subscribing to all. If you subscribe to me as well. I hope you guys ENJOY MY PG ❤️❤️❤️
I don't like texture like tree bark and little holes it's perfectly normal hahahaha no its not
You should try to he Korean brand innisfree
BlackUp is always a no for me.
That lip is beyond amazing
I'm 22 and want to hear these rude jokes 😂
Lol it looks like semen on your face @3:38... I'm 29 :)
So glad my phones finally working so I can watch Patricia :)
I love your new hair style.... very nice.
Hey Patricia please I would like to know how u wear your hair it's really nice please make a vlog on how to wear it..😘😘😘
I have the same phobia!!!! It’s horrible, I have the itches just looking at honeycomb or anything similar to that.
Pleeeeeease don’t promote black. Up it’s a very racist company to simplify their disturbing origin.
Your face looks amazing! Really like this face combo!
the sort hair really suits you, you look beautiful
babe, zoeva 102 silk finish is brush for foundation, it gives really full coverage and blends out like beauy blender!!
I have this foundation and it's amazing. My skin is dry and sensitive and I would recommend it without hesitation!
I’m not gonna say it cause I’m a Christian 😂
Omg, I'm right there with you on the tiny holes and textures! It literally freaks me out and makes my skin crawl!
My kind of video!
WOW I CAN'T STOP WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS! AMAZING DARLING KEEP IT UP!
I’m so happy that I found your channel. Love your reviews
I know exactly what you was going to say 😂🤣. I get you give, i get you.
This is the best foundation on you
I really enjoy shopping in Sephora, and I'm starting to use more of their own brand items
I'm 12 but SUPER dirty minded, I get what you mean
23 years in the house boo :*
Youuuu are golddddddddddddddd.  What color is that lip liner??
Patricia there's a three month old fyi ~
I saw someone else use that mask and I thought the same thing. 😂. It’s one reason I won’t be trying it.   I have a thing about certain textures or whatever.   I just cannot.
You look really different without makeup on. Not saying it's a bad thing as your pretty with or without makeup. It's just unusual how different you look. Your eyes especially.
Yassss so excited for the triple uploads!! Always need more Patricia in my life!!
Old enough to get the joke😩😂💕
You’re too much 😂😂😂 with your little mind 😂😂
Always beautiful whatever you wear, actually makes me want to start wearing make-up x
my fav brush is anastasia renaissance palette brush, it makes all that lines that you want, i never liked any palette brushes before that one
Anyone know What song is playing at the beginning?
I love how well u edit your videos
3:43 min “I’m a Christian” WE ACTUALLY THOUGHT THE SAME OMG
I love the Sephora brand foundation-- it's about the only thing that doesn't freak my skin out, so if you have sensitive skin/combination, it is WONDERFUL.
Patricia I would like to ask you something in regards my personal experience, maybe you have had the same experience. I was wondering if there's private message on her thanks x
I usually don't buy stuff just because a youtuber made a video about it, but yesterday i bought the dr jart mask and the sephora cream lip stain in 26 after seeing this video.
New sub.....I love your personality........
I'm 17 so you can say everything you've got 😂
This hair!!! There's no way I'm not getting a wig like this ❤️
Wow. I thought I liked you before but you just won me over with the Edith Piaf, subscribed...
Omg Pat I have Trypophobia why did you zoom in I cringed 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I love that Sephora foundation. I am a 57. It's a perfect shade on me!
Love the final look on your face
this look turned out great i love this look!
My sister and I have it... fear of holes in clusters...
21 but I know older things I love the 80s and 60s
I'm finally 18!!!
Throwing shade at us BIG HEADED FOLKS!! 🤔😂😂😘
13
Beautiful~
12
ghost faced killer!😂😂😂😂☠☠
I am a CHRIS-TIAN 😂😂😂😂
@3:36, Patricia!! LOL, I died!
34
You look amazing 😍
My girl said 50 euros 😂😂😂😂 Patrica has coinsssss
We're grey...we're grey...we're grey lmfaoooo
I miss your vlogsss
LING!!
75€ for brushes my god
Check out Silk Fred
I am 9
18 here🙈😂
Patty, girl. You're looking Phlyyyyy
Hey, I do hair and art videos ! I'm doing a FREE portrait drawing giveaway! All you have to do is subscribe to my  channel and send me a screenshot! I will follow you back too!
How come you don’t do like I spent $$ on tarte?
I bought that same Fresh Rose Toner JUST because it's pretty to look at. Can't tell u the last time I used it. It's sitting pretty on my shelf though lol
Gurrllll i was waiting for you to sing youuu are gold 🎵🎵😂😂😂
Ling is gorgeous! Omg 😍😍😍😍
Csn I be your friend
Whatsupmom should start a whatsupdad😍😍😍plzzzzz
Brooke please please can you make some hot glue craft. For me?
You should do a diy edible slime
👔👔👔
Brilliant!
Omg 😮 Calvin looks just like Lincoln
Du
Calvin’s so precious
Awww calvin he looks like linclon
YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS I NEED THIS YES YES YES YES 😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😁😁😁😁😁😁😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😆😆😆😆☺😆😆😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Diy*
Someone copy your budder slime on wofieraps
I do I do👧🏼👶🏼👱🏻‍♀️👱🏼
Calvin is soooooooo cute
Ok plz Calvin Update
Calvin is so big awwww
How to make pumpkin Play-Doh
Uni corn21  yas
oh wow how cute !
wow
Dig lipstick
BBRRROOOOKKKKEEEEEE you neeeeeed to be my Mum!
Me i really do think she needs a girl
Hey Brooke,can you do some Halloween crafts?Im a very crafty pre-teen and done every Halloween craft!
Who else likes there old vids better
Free shipping to US in 3-6 business days\nship to Canada, Brazil in 7-10 days\n\nDescription:\n\nSmall size, easy to carry\nFind your key or any other items easily\nRemote control by sound\nWhistle or shout to make it beep and flash\nCan be used as an LED light as well\nLED Color: Red\nBattery required: AG3 (included)\nhttps://goo.gl/gYWn9X
Brooke have another baby plz we when you to have a girl and name her Victoria Avery
totally love this I've been watching this since I was 9 I REALLY ENJOY YOUR HACKS SO MUCH LOVE😍😘
I hate kids and dont wanna be a mum but yr channel is too addictive
You guys should do a video on pet hacks next
Alternative to the ribbon/dowel idea: use a plain stretched canvas, paint it whatever color(s) you want, and then hot glue or staple decorative elastic to it in strips. You can find the elastic in the sewing section at Wal-Mart for a very reasonable price. I fit tons of bows on a fairly small canvas this way. Plus it looks really pretty so it doubles as decor!
Hi
So cute!
Make a Ballon slime
awww your son is adorable
Wow Lincoln  is so cute 😙😚😘
Something make up
Brooke u are awsome\nComment with #NotAMomHere
I was literally waiting for this. I needed to organized my headbands. Loved it. And love you guys so much.😘💋👍💕😝😍💓❤🎈
Who isn't a mom but loves this channel 🙌🙌
Is brooke sick? Her voice sounds softer and a little croakier than usual
hey what’s up moms! what do you guys do for time outs when your kids get in trouble?
I love your top! May I ask where it’s from? I need more casual, but chic tops in my life.
You need a girl
Before this video I had a DIY mermaid crown add
Youtube/Facebook/Instagram/Twitter/Soundcloud Services for Sale\nYoutube Video VIEW for Sale( 10000 Views for 10$)\nYoutube Video LIKE for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nYouTube Subscribers For Sale( 1000 Subscribers for 31$)\nInstagram Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 4$)\nInstagram Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 1$)\nTwitter Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 2$)\nSoundcloud Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 5$)\nFacebook Fanpage Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nNOTICE: THIS SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INDIA AND PAKISTAN\nIf u want to BUY Contact me Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me  Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number  +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Creditcard\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(For demo Invest 1$ to Test if This Service is legit or not)\neUAFOGdPs2w
wait i made this and there still oats in here
Am I the only one who noticed the piece of hair by Brooke hand at 1:52? 😂❤️❤️
Elle, Meg, and Brooke I need help!! My 12 year old daughter is going through acne and pimples do you have any ideas of how to get rid of it easily?
When Elle shared to hair band holder on her video I was like 'they need to do a bow holder!!' and you already had it done :D I will be making this for my daughter!
Awesome video and ideas. I think Brooke is a fantastic mum who would be amazing with a baby girl, but only she knows if her family is complete or not. I feel like 2 boys would keep her hands very full!
Hey! check out my channel. I make a bunch of random things you might find of some use... Nah.... my content is useless. But it might entertain you.
Please do an episode on teething
She only did two life hacks
I love your channel
Only warrior cats fans will understand the pain \n\n\n\n\nFirestar lost his last life 😭😭😭
If you don't hot glue ribbon to the lid of the oatmeal container you can store hair ties and little bows in there
Thoose ideas are the best!!
I think doing a DIY about how to charve pumpkins would be cool!
Everyone comment  so Halloween slime  so Brooke will show us
Poor brook wants a girl so bad...
Who else was waiting for this video when Elle said so?
Loved this thanks for sharing! Please show some love to our small family channel ❤
Broke can you do a Calvin update plz
Update on connies family pls
So cute !!!!
When ur a little kid but subscribed 😂
You should do a diy lamp shade. I bet It will look fantastic 😄😁👍🏻
Brooke, I would love to see House tour❤️❤️
Dear what's up mom's can\nyou make a video about hacks when you are camping.
can  you do another halloween costume video?
Can we get an update on Connie's family please!
Awesome.\nEducational videos and vlogs on my channel \n-daisydays🌼
That Was A Soooo Cute .The Next Video I Want You to make Is A Jewelry Box.
I love ❤️ this so much
I'm just 9 years old and I don't have any kids but I love your videos.😂😂
I have over 300 bows...\nHelp
I love when u up load a new video 💚
Great idea!! Side note: where is your shirt from?
95% of your viewers are kids
Am i the onlly one who watches these but never does them 😂
I'm not even a mom and I love these videos why am I so into this omg
can u do a video about packing staff when u r away for 30 days
Brooke can you please do key 🔑 chain
Does anyone think brooke is the diy queen of this channel
Make  d.i.y Halloween costumes plzzzzzzzzzzzzz it's happening really so so plzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I have issues with storing my long necklaces and my earrings... any awesome ideas? p.s not a mum but love your vids
Who else is like 11 and uses these tips for them selfs😂😂
I love the DIY organization ideas!!
I was out on a school trip and I regretted taking my tab
Wow I just found out what happened to Connie. i’m so sorry for your loss #ripconnie:(
Who thinks brook should make a tray
i wish u had infinity subscribers 😍😍\nall the best...
How to cave a pumpkin 🎃
Can you make a squishy
Where can u get the small tension rod?
Who else watches whats up moms but is not a mum. Like or comment if u do.
Yes she needs a little girl
This is how u understand whose video it is:\n1. DIY : Brooke\n2. Eat: Meg\n3 play: Elle.\nI hope it helps♥♥
Can you make 5  ways to make slime
Why does KJ have an accent OMG I DIDNT KNOW THIS MAKES HIM MUCH MORE ATTRACTIVE 😂💗
Where is cole what the efffff
what happened to lili speaking alien
I aantwd fo try to type with my elbow
5:21.. Ashleigh hand went on kj shoulder... Lillie looks down. Then it cuts to Lillie hands coming off his shoulder.  Like damn I may be reading into this too much, which is fine because humans make mistakes. But girl play hard to get lol. Don't touch him after another girl. Nah boo you look to the side and gal laugh your ass off😂
I'm an Alien, I feel offended
Lol favorite child hood tv show no one said zack and cody
Where is jughead the best person alive???
omg so i took the riverdale quiz on 3 differnt websites and on each one i got KJ. Then when he said he inhales his food (which i do my family calls me a vacuum) i was done! Im literally KJ!
*this is so funny and i love u guys* 😚
I typed this with my elbow!! Why don't you try it too?
THAT SPONGEBOB REFERENCE WAS FUCKING GOLD
Where’s cole at???
“The last text we sent” KJ’s accent ! omg
Is anyone else wondering were cole is
Where the fuck is Cole?
truth or dare??????\ndid that with my elbow .. 😎
I missed Cole in this one
Who else notice kj's hand on lili's arm in 6:00
Are we gonna ignore the fact Lili was high key flirting with KJ like what about bughead honey
Truth or dare????? (Typing with your elbows isn't actually that hard)
WHY IS EVERYONE IGNORING THE FACT THAT COLE ISNT EVEN IN HERE?!
Anyone notice that Veronica was left out she only got to do one dare
where the fuck is cole
did any1 notice how at 3:16, when lili asked kj if he dates, madeline taps her arm
ARCHIE IS BRITISH OR AUSTRALIAN. Either way I am s h o o k e t h to the core. Ths is like when I found out that girl from 13 reasons why was Australian
Green is not a creative color
i love how after kj sat down on the couch between lili and ashleigh his hand was kinda holding on to lili’s arm. it could of been nothing but it looked so sweet and cute
I felt bad for Cami, she got ignored and they forgot about her with the last dare
the atmosphere reminds me of F.R.I.E.N.D.S
i typed this eitn \nmy ennkw —
camila cabello vs camila mendes this is painful omg, they are the same person
Typing with my elbow \n\nI actually did it lol\nIt took about 5 minutes tho
I thought this said Truth or Dance and I'm disappointed
To people who say bughead/Cole/Juggie is overrate, well, they are the reason i watch the show in the first place....
This isn't complete without Cole. BUGHEAD LIVES
dead ass typed this with my elbow
6:33 what about the robot voice? 😱
Where the heck is JUGHEAD 😭
I’m writing this with my elbows
I WAS HERE FOR COLE BUT NOOOO
Awww too bad cole isn't there that'd be fantastic
I know KJ is like New Zealander but like I've never heard him speak before so like... never expected him to be so.... Kiwi hahahahaha idek
At 3:25 when they talk about KJ not going on dates. Either Casey or KJ muttered Cami when Casey said I’ve seen it. It’s confirmed they’re a thing.😭
I love how Madelaine and Cami were singing all through the night while lili and kj were dancing because I freaking love that song and I flipped when it was in Riverdales first episode😂
I love Betty and archie but I like V single better:(((((((( why Riverdale Betty loved him for so long
Madelaine: oh wait wait rocket power ROCKET POWERRR😂😂 Love her❤️💋💋
Where is Cole?💗
Cole sprouse aint here sorry this is pointless
No cole?💔
WHERES COLE
Bu-\nBut-\nBut, but-\nbut, but, but-\nBut, but, but, but-\nBut, but, but, but, but-\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCOLEEEEEEEEE!?!!?!!!?!?!?!!?!?!?
WHERES COLE
WHERE IS COLE
COLE BBY WHERE R U
I meant jug
WHERES COLE???😍😍😍😍
Rocket power !!!!!!😂
Where Cole went ?
Where is Jughead?
IN 2:26 KJ IS PULLING LILY CLOSER OMG
WHERES COLE!?
Camilaaaaaaaaaaaaa😻😻😻
why did madeline tap lili at 3:15 ?
WHERE... IS... COLE!!!
WHERE IS COLE WTF
Where is cole ???
WHERES COLE/JUGHEAD 😭😭😭😭
Where is Cole!!!
cole sprouse?😕
where is cole?
Where's Cole?
where's cole?!😑
where is cole sprouse???
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Lamb chop
they hella cut camila out
Where’s cole @???
I literally love riverdale!!
WHERES COLE
Where Jughead tho
Um.. where’s cole?
where is cole??
Where is cole😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Where is cole ??!!!
Kj ahhh😍
YASSSSSSSSSS
YESSSS recess!!
cami's laugh! 😍😍😍
I love madelaine so much omg
SO EXCITED FOR TOMORROW
WHERE IS COLE??!!?
Barchie shippers where u at?
Cole?!!!
WHERE IS COLE
Where's cole
WHERE TF IS JUGGY
they are adorable
Umm where us jughead
Where’s cole😭😭
For me, you two are the best comedy duo I've ever known. With content like this, there's no way you don't blow up eventually.
Posting a day late? Forgiven
seriously where are all your subscribers guys? like every video is gold!
This has become one of my favorite channels in a short amount of time
They could've used a wormhole monocle.
You guys are like american Jack and Dean
I laugh out loud at ALL your sketches keep up the good work :)
YES POSTING AGAIN! THIS MADE MY WHOLE MONTH
i legitimately had no idea jack played sokka in avatar the last airbender
What if there's a bunch of channels out there with this level of effort but they don't blow up because of lack of marketing... Maybe? I'm just trying to rationalize why you don't have a million subs.
I really love your stuff, guys! By the way: I forgive you, too.
HOW DO YOU PEOPLE NOT HAVE 10,000,000 SUBS?!?!
please like this video for win the competition https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
zzzzzzzzz last video i saw was abduction these guys arnt showing up in my mfkin sub  box. putting bell on
Wait. That's David's lair in Alien Covenant.
Sorry, I just didn't really think this was funny.
wow this was funny im mad that this should have more views i will share it tho
consistently well-scripted, well-executed, well-edited, well-produced; the youtube algorithm messed up big time
I have no friends.
One of the best channels on Youtube.
CMON MAN! YOU DONT JUST LET THAT STUFF GO
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
The best goddamn chanel on all of youtube
This video literally helped me figure out some things about me and my best friend LOL. Thanks
That was hilarious, you guys have to be the best short film creators on Youtube.
I just can't get over the fact that's Sokka. Fucking Sokka dude.
I love a good channel that puts the focus on the right factors in their sketches. Its not like WOOO WE CAN EDIT REALLY WELL and the sketches never really revolve around the editing or anything directly related to pop culture or anything. Always very obscure and interesting. Really its just the disctinction between intelligent people and unintelligent people, and you guys are obviously the former.
most underrated channel on youtube. no contest. this video even made me feel better about settling things with my best friend tomorrow. thank you guys, please keep it up.
GUYS. 👏🏼 you're killing it.
I was dying throughout the whole video! keep it up you guys!
This was so funny and so well done!
i love you guys
I think a good way for you guys to get more views is to do a more frequent side series or something.  I'd love to see more of you guys even if it's not your usual big production videos
Man you guys are a true inspiration, every single video is straight fire and so quotable. Beautiful \nI strive to make our channel as good as you guys. One day
Well wiener on the forehead IS a classic prank, just saying *shrug emoji*
Better acting then twilight as well. Hell, its easy when its true.
The production value alone on these is absolutely incredible! Paired with the chemistry you guys have and the HILARIOUS writing, I'm honestly hooked! One a month is just unfair! Keep it up guys, you're amazing ❤
Damn, you guys are good at this
This is why we bring pickaxes and tnt on expeditions
There's something really wrong about these guys not having at least a million subscribers. One awesome video after the other!
Always a great surprise ending!
You guys are so creative! KEEP IT UP!!!
You guys covered so much ground with this one.
Like we haven't ALL taken a picture with Chris' weiner.
I can't think of a funnier duo than these two, not Jake and Amir, not Jack and Dean, not even Rick and Morty.
These are always so inspirational! And funny.
SO GOOD, as always !!
Put on headphones in the middle of a lecture just to watch this. \n\nI'm in medical school.
My question is where do you get the budget?
The smallest channel i'm subscribed to but also my favorite, I love it keep it up and it will pay off!
Jesus this is amazing
Okay wow! so this is the set of Alien Covenant. Was there scenes in that location in the movie?
Ahhhhhh so excited to see you guys upload!!
Please don't encode 21:9 with black bars. Otherwise great video!
I once too put my wiener on someone's forehead.....
Who is bankrolling the productions of these videos?
How do you not get more views?! Keep up the good work!
Im so surprised that you guys don't have more subs, you are one of my favorite channels
How do you guys come up with these awesome crazy sketch ideas? xD
Shared this with my two best friends. Boy, that's going to cause some issues. Someone is getting left in the Scorpion Tunnel.
Slow and steady you’re growing, keep it up guys!
Thank you Jack and Chris for another awesome skit!
I jumped terribly at that last trap. lol poor jack jack
The month does not pass fast enough!  I want more!!! Love these guys
I knew it. But damn it was good.
I just found your channel the other day and you guys are honestly so funny! I'm definitely gonna show your stuff to my friends, you deserve a lot more views and subscribers!\nA lot of love from Germany:)
I'm not your friend, guy!
I am going to show it to all my Best Friends.
Sent this to my best friend right away! Your videos are so good and i get so excited when the new ones come out!!
Please never stop making these videos. Even if you may not have a huge amount of subscribers, eventually someone in the large productions business will notice you guys 100%
How, how have you guys not blown up yet
I love this unique humor you guys have.  I feel like this is more of a series than a youtube channel, and it should be called The Infinite Realities of Chris and Jack.\n\nI remember meeting you guys at FilmQuest a few years back and saw Movies in Space.  I thought it was the best film at the fest.  I've been following your channel ever since the first video you posted.  I'm a fan. Great job guys!
Damn, I never clicked on the thumbnail of a video so fast before in my life
This was amazing! Really proud of you guys! 😚
Damn, the production is getting better and better.\nKudos guys! You are the best (friends)!
Always top notch comedy from Chris and Jack.
>Best comedy duo on youtube\n>only 64000 subs\nWhat the fuck.
SOKKA IS THAT YOU???????
*Shadu*
SUBBED
So fucking creative
Great stuff as usual!
that fucking ending lmaooo
You guys are amazing.
Amazing as always :)
WOOOOOOOO NEW CHRIS AND JACK VID!
Amazing video
Thank you
Classic! :D
Haha yeah everyone's been there... *laughs nervously*
Classic prank!
Lmao I fucking love it.
YAYYYYYY
Classic prank!
Thanks for adding subtitles
Excellent!
wer ist alles wegen kiavier hier???
Jack sounds a lot like Sokka from Avatar!
It’s Friday.
That door is racist
When Zoe gasp a Mars Bar I LOVE THESE KINDS OF VIDEOS!
This chick I used to live with had eyebrows that were legit upside down Nike ticks... it went straight up and then straight across her forehead. The absolute worst!
YOU KNOW WHERE HIS TESTICALS HAVE BEEN!!! BAHAHAHAHA!!! THAT TOOK A TURN!
This was the best!
These not worth watching videos are my favourite honestly
This is soooo good and genuine!!!
not worth watching is actually my fave thing in the world 👍❤❤
You can see Joe sneaking round the car before he scares them!
i love these videos! they always make me laugh so much, and feel like in just there with you guys!
I absolutely loved this! chatty videos are always my favorite
You know that little mix chick oh i see
I love these types of video , especially when it's uncut and all the boys popped In
 I weed a bit !  😂😂
Zoe is literally me I love my home,no desire to travel 🌍
I feel like these videos are my favorite of yours
Wait she's pregnant? Naw what about dan and Phil? haha
I love the casual videos like this. You both look so lovely (not that you don't always)
I’m in college to become a therapist right now! 😊
Best video I've watched for ages ❤️
“And obviously Louise is with child and cannot push a campervan” 😂😂😂
u shoud do more of these simple videos! laughed so much
I was dead when they realised Tom was there 😂😂😂
Love when you two film together ❤️
I was literally laughing the whole time😂loved this video!
you two are so beautiful
Oh god, when joe makes them jump 😂😂😂😂 I almost weed too louise from laughing so much
I can't wear mascara because I've got sensitive eyes it'll turn into panda eyes so I'm one of those gals with the eyeliner, and whole look without mascara. Sorry Louise haha x
I WEED A BIT
I need to know where Zoe's jacket is from
I love this unedited footage oh my god!!!
Love a good chummy video! My favourite part was when Joe scared you😂❤️
I love how Joe scared both of them but only apologized to Louise and not Zoe😅❤️ And how he apologized like few times. He is just the sweetest😍❤️
‘Bletch’ 😂😂😂 oh Louise I love you!!!
I'm loving the pink hair! It suits Louise so much 😍👌🏼
No joke I actually enjoyed this so much and it has cheered my day up thanks 💗
Love videos like this ! 😂
I love this video so much😂😂😂
legitimately in tears after that Little Mix comment. Completely forgot about that omg hahahhaha
This was the cutest thing ever! Xoxo
Aww! I love this! The best part was the snack break courtesy of Jim. 😂
the part where you two are yelling about snacks is what I'm here for
I FREAKIN CRYLAUGHED THE WHOLE TIME!!!! why is this so funny i think its because u two remind me of my bestie and myself. thank u that was lovely<3
I love these types of videos i love jim hes so sweet
These are my favourite kinds of videos!!!
you two always make me so happy :')
What hair dye do you use to make your locks such a lovely pink?! I've wanted to dye my hair this colour for so long but haven't quite been able to find a dye that I like. I love the shade you have in your hair however and I'm dying to know what company and color you use!! <3
Marcus Butler telling somebody off about creative content is the most ironic thing ever
This is so worth watching 😂 you two when together always make me laugh x love this
This reminds me of the old YouTubr days, not ubber edited 👌💕
Where is zoes coat from?
I literally CRIED when she said Blech, I laughed SO hard😂😂😂
I absolutely loved this video!! Xxx
This was so funny 😂
i found this hilarious!! I've weed a bit LOL. love you guys xx
I actually love this video 💓😂
When is the video with Dan and Phil
Aww everyone in their Winter/Fall gear\n\nI'm jealous!
Best video ever ,was cool seeing everyone relaxed
I found this so funny... You should do more like this! xx
I really love this video! I love how everyone is around the background too. Squad goals xo
I honestly loved this video 😂
i weed a bit 😂😂
I like how you're both wearing yellow and pink xD love this video!
when joe scared them i actually screamed
I LOVED this video! So natural!
Louise I love your coat where's it from? Xx
A lot of people met in 2009 wow
I've been waiting AGES for another zoe and louise collab!!!!! you should do a car karaoke pt. 2 video :))
this is almost like to old youtube just people making non edited, non scripted video's. just two people having fun. great.
It's so weird when Zoe said do you smell pickled onions or like vinegar I was eating salt and vinegar chips
Omg I just watch an old video and wondered when Lou has her baby can Zoe tell us again ❤️❤️❤️
Hahahahahaha I cried at the part where Joe made you pee a bit 😂😂😂😂😂
I may not be that old, but I love your chatty videos ! Being watching them old day XD
i loved this so much.
Ok so this is basically the most hilarious video ever made 😂💙
Those are literally the career paths I want to take. I want to either start an interior design business or become a psychologist and help people overcome mental illnesses
Louise I absolutely adored your story time videos, they made me laugh so so much, would love to see you do more of them!
I physically couldn't stop laughing when Louise said bleach wrong
It was so worth watching ♡
BLLLEETTCHHH
👎🤡
Actually crying from Joe scaring them 😂😂😂
“Alright, quiet on set please!”😂
*GASPS* mars bars?!
Aww! Loved this video
OMG WHEN JOE SCARED THEM😂😂😭😭
this is hilarious 😂
So funny 😂 had me crying!
Yaaaaasss p!atd 😂👌🏼Zoe my gal ❤️
Aw I loved this!
420,420 views
“Joe I’ve weed abit” while dropping her crisp 😂😭😭😭😭
Love this friendship
Please let Joe meet Darcy 😂😂😍
omg i weed a bit hahahahahahaahahahahahahah
quality content
Love your videos together
Blech
Louise that WAS Tom Daley
Where is Zoes jacket from omg😍😍
Love the vlogs. As horrible as it would be, I do wish that they would take you to the labs in China where they test the products on animals instead. Hopefully everyone would wake up and see how these companies profit from the torture of these innocent, scared animals 😢💔
Those shorts look like pjs..a lot!
when the video just started and lydia casually wore red jumper and glasses and hair down and looking seriously prettyyyy...and im just here eating chips in my jammies
I love watching your videos , you are so sweet and cute . I am sure that you will hit the 1 M and I will always keep on watching your videos. You inspire me even for my daily use , chose of products and would like to be like you one day. Congrats on the 500 K and have a blast .
Love love your outfits ❤️
Am I the only one wondering how the lipstick turned out?! I was hoping you would try it on! So curious about the color!!!!!!!!!!!
love Patricia bright!
Good to see Patricia.\nThat Balmain bodycon dress is hot on you. \nBalenciaga bag and shoe. Girl you are popping.\nOh and the DVF dress, the turquoise brought out your eyes.
Love that Balmain dress!
Congratulations on 500k subscribers!! 😊😊❤️
Love Lydia 🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄 !!! please follow my DEPOP @kaddensecondhand
kartal kalkar dal sarkar dal sarkar kartal kalkar
love patricia 💕
Wow, this is such a great opportunity, so glad that you have had a chance to create your own lipstick! Good job! :)
You look like sarah jessica parker in the thumbnail
Take me with you Lydia next time💋💕
what nail polish have you had on? thanks xxx
Looooooool “hold on to ur butts” 😂😂😂
Go Lydia♣♣♣
You are sooo pretty Lydia 😍
12:19 Lydia looks exactly like faryal makhdoom Amir Khan the boxers wife
Love your videos !!❤️
Lydia u r gorgeous!))
WOW...you look stunning !!
Loooooove the long vlogs xxxxx
PAT!! AHAHAHA
Is your Peekaboo the mini size?
You look stunning wit your make up and hair like that!!!!! 
Make up tutorial when you wear your black dress
Ps- Another fab vlog from you again Lyd, they just keep getting better!
Lumi does the paw and claw thingy to put his scent down there! He’s claiming you 😻
The paris dress matches the bag but not the black boots.....
You look like wonder women with those glases lydia so beautiful
I know your sister she goes to my school
I would Never Buy one there are so many shades out there
I think you look ten times more beautiful without makeup
Hi Lydia! Love this video; as always :) and what a bummer. I was also so  excited for you to work with Brides because of how excited you are! Hope all is good between you both. 😘 😘
Loved this vlog so much Lydia, you looked stunning as usual and your lipstick shade was amazing!! I wish they could put that on sale xx
Lydia, feed Lunie on a flat plate or a wider bowl. She might not like her whiskers touching the bowl when she eats and that could be why she drags her food out to eat it. Cats are weird like that.
Lydia please please!! do makeup tutorial on the one you were with the Balmain dress, it looked stunning on you!! xx
Patricia we love you😀❤
What is u nice hair Colour called?
LOVED your outfit to Paris: roll neck & H&M satin shorts. Obsessed!!!! X
What an amazing trip! The Balmain dress looks gorgeous on you!
Tori Amos for the runway show, GENIUS!!!
Lydia what photo camera do you use for taking pictures ?
Your older videos.were more watchable.n entertaining. Now it's so much of needless talking . Why change the concept?
LOVE the first out. Simple, autumnal and your legs 👌
Your cat is just kneading :) they do it as that is what they would have done to their mum as a kitten!
I always wanted to make a lipstick! Lucky you!
I love that black dress, need it in my life, how tall are you and in wich size is it? :)
At the start of the video You did such an amazing job with your make up 😱❤️just loved it..
What is the lipstick youre wearing at the beginning? I need it
Lydia you did not look bloated. If I'm bloated I look like 6 months pregnant 😂
Love the ponytail look you've been rocking lately! Might you do a hair tutorial for it in the future? X
Cats do that paw thing because it reminds them of the womb. It's a comfort mechanism.  bless her!
Love the make up look for the party. You look really pretty with ur hair tied up! X
I've been on maternity leave for the past two months and though I really loved watching your videos before they have become a nice break for me from mommy duties. I love what you do, you make my  day when I have me time.
loved the vlog such an amazing experience!! love Balmain
SWEETGREENS! I discovered them in the US and have been obsessed since. They need to open one in London. Like now. Literally the only thing I eat in America. #guacamolegreens\nAlso, you look gorgeous as usual. That dress is amazing on you.
That’s what cats do when they are happy and relaxed, it’s like the motion they made when they were kneading Their Mum while drinking milk as kittens.
Sorry, not a fan of those huge clear glasses....looks kinda odd ~_~
I loved ur video but lumi just makes its pop.  I just love her little self.  I have a kitty named Cali but she doesn't hardly talk.  Ever.  So my request is an entire video of a day with lumi.  It may be difficult with ur work and all but I know if anyone can do it, Lydia can.  Love u both.
the glow scrub must be new..it doesn't come up
Thank you for your wonderful vlogs! Would like to ask you a question. You and Ali are always traveling , going to parties, meeting different people. How have you solved the issue of jealousy?
So Happy that i found you on YouTube 🙏 love you Lydia 🎉
You are SO pretty😍
You so beautiful, I like your dress.
Cats do the thing with their paws because it's what they do on their mother's breast when they are nursing and they never grow out of it. They do it when they are warm, relaxed, and feeling lovey :)
Hi Lydia\nThe watch you are wearing in this blog will you let me know what make and size it is thanks. Have to say you look fab .
Love all your outfits!! You look amazing 😍 xo, Daria
Omg I would love a lipstick made by you together with L'Oréal! It would probably be the best nude ever. ❤️☺️
the london transport is really bad
been really loving your make up lately xx
Your gratitude is what makes you one of the best YouTubers.
That mayberlline red lipstick looks beautiful on you
Oh wow, must show us your final product of your lipstick :) Lumi is so cute, must have missed you so much 🐱
Its so wonderful to see your success. You’ve worked so hard for these experiences!
no sorry to the ladie below but Lids i love ur over 40 min vids....keep them coming.... :)
I absolutely loved that dark lipstick that you wore at your shoot! So beautiful
I'm waiting for the colder weather to come, so I can see your jumper dress outfits again!! My all time favorite AW clothing item, and you make it extra! I'm currently rewatcing some of your vlogmas 2016 videos just for that purpose.
when cats feel confident and secure they like to do that thing with their claws. By the way  i really love you and you are such an inspiration! Maybe you are comming to austria some day :)
Please do your evening makeup with charlotte eye palette
Wow, you look so beautiful! It seems your body is even more toned (not like lost weight, but more sports) and your cheekbones are chiseled and goddess-like! Really cool, so happy for you :)))
I LOVE when Lumi makes an appearance! 😻
I hope it will be cruelty free
Wow, the Balmain show must have been a dream come true and it looked so extravagant and princess like. I am really sorry though about the Bride's Show. I know you have been looking forward to it. Stay positive, maybe an opportunity like that will come your way in the future!
Really bloated? Pleeease Lydia give us normal girls a chance eh?! 😂😂 \nGreat video! Xx
Omg there was an Estonian model!!!!!! Im from estonia!!!!!! So proud of her, we actually danced together few years ago 🇪🇪🇪🇪
Ok but was the rubber duck actually chocolate????
So it's a chill one today, we're just heading to Paris that's it... 😂 who wants Lydia's life 🙋🏽
That balmain dress looks like it was made for you, fab! Xxx
That Balmain black and gold metal dress is sick! Love it! The bag should be w one handle and it'd be perfect, methinks?
OMG PATRICIA AND LYDIA IN ONE VIDEO!!😍😍😍
Patricia is my fave glad they appeared together on this vid
Love seeing my two fav YouTubers: Lyd & Pat!!! You two need to get your butts together and create a bleamin video, seriously!!!!!!!😂
I wanted to see the lipstick!!! Please show us soon.
Hey Lydia, I have been subscribed for a long time but in the last few weeks/ months I havent clicked on your videos as much mostly because they are always over half an hour long and to be honest while I love to see a vlog sometimes I do also like short snappy sit down videos. I do not have the time to watch 40 minutes of youtube and I dont wanna root through your vlog to find what you have bought or what you are wearing. I do understand that you want to share parts of your life with us but I'd much rather watch a series if they are as long as your video. I still admire your Style and your personality but I havent watched a full video of yours in 3 months which is why I have decided to unsubscribe. Just thought you may want some feedback. All the best to you <3
Omg  the make up  that you did after the shower with the ponytail looked soooo good.You  should definitly wear eye  shadows more 😍😍😍
That Balmain looks superb on you✨Lumy probably approves of that one over the DvF 🐈
I just saw it earlier today (without having seen the original) and I really enjoyed it. I agree with the pacing issues at times. But the imagery was amazing, the plot was very well done, and the acting was top notch. I walked into this film knowing nothing about Blade Runner and walked out a fan.
I loved it my wife hated it.   I think alot of people are going to get turned off but the long run time
I thought this movie was amazing. Plus it had me guessing the entire time about ... spoiler spoiler. I could not sit though the original after like 3 tries, but with the added context of this movie, I think I want to go back and try to get through it.
The technology is consistent.\nNot like Prometheus where the tech is so advanced for a prequel to Alien
I hate you. I couldn't make it past 59 seconds because you are so fucking annoying. Do something else man.
Does this movie still keep the neo noir gritty feel of the original ?
The pacing of the movie gave me  sore bum in the seat of the cinema. Too slow,too slow. Could have been done in 2 hours flat. Don't see why it should have been in 3d. The imagery was very unclear. There was either mist,rain , smog ,dust or just a bad lense to  get its authentic retro feel. The movie took most time with their posturing. I would have enjoyed it if it was 2 hours max. I don't like it now.
I wasn't crazy about the first one but loved the sequel
I am a new movie reviewer! Would love it if you all took a look at my Blade runner 2049 review \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eawus7y5Sq4&t=8s
Will there be a spoiler video?
The fuck dude? Listening to your explanation of the plot in the first 60 seconds, did you even watch the movie man? That's almost completely wrong, only things you got right was that the older models are illegal and cops who hunt replicants are called blade runners
the movie is 164 min long. 3 hours = 180 min. that's like saying you are 30 years old when you are actually 28 and you drank 7 beers but you had only 5 and you have 1.5 million subscribers but you have 1.3 million...ahh...ayam going tu fak yer madder
Harrison Ford was great in this... He seemed a lot more comfortable and tuned in, in this compared to The Force Awakens.
good cast although I wish they should had  put Val Kilmer for the Jared Leto version
Loved that they kept the 80s synth sound and enjoyed the pacing. I don't think any of the characters are humans in this movie. Maybe Wallace only because why would they keep a blind replicant functional?
Love the original, loving this one too!! Gosling was phenomenal.. never thought I’d say that, but he was
Not a huge fan of the original but possible it could grow on me. However, 2049 is already one of my top 5 best movies of all time. Wow, absolute wow. Not because this one was more modern or anything just told the story better I think and was less punk rock goofy and more to the point. Beautiful thought provoking film.
Tbh I'm not a fan of either, I got bored during both, but maybe I'm not smart enough for it
This was THE most boring movie I have seen in a long while
I've only seen the US theatrical version of Blade Runner on Netflix. I actually didn't like it. Thought it was boring. When I found out that it wasn't Ridley Scott's vision and that the Director's/Final Cut took all of the narration by Harrison Ford out and the cheesy hammed in happy ending out, I got excited. I gotta watch the final cut before watching this. I think the narration of the first movie's theatrical cut made it so boring and tiring. Without that, I think I'll enjoy it much more.
I like the original but this one BLEW me away. Its spectacular and beautiful
when korean dvd coming out
Could ye do a spoiler talk
I need to watch the original one and the Crunchyroll short before watching this movie. Great review, as always! BTW, do a review for Cult of Chucky.
Have you seen cult of Chucky yet?
watching this review makes me realize how much more i like chris stuckmann
I haven't watched any prequels anime or the 80s original. The film was still awesome and I liked being on the same page as K who also had no clue of the happening of previous events and kind of dug around and learned everything he needed to put the puzzle pieces together. I actually got interested in this movie through hype for an upcoming RPG called Cyberpunk2077. This is a beast of its own though. I didn't even see it as a sequel I think it's totally ok standing on its own.
Blade Runner is a strange mix of  70% BORING, and 30% Interesting.
I found it boring tbh. Had to leave half way through
This movie is way over rated
I left the cinema half way thru the movie because I can't stand it. A bunch of people left before me. I didn't even get to see Harrison Ford. The movie is so mentally tiring for me. The artsy production is amazing though visually stunning.
What's the scene you felt might have gone somewhere? K and his boss?
so is Rick Deckard a replicant? Was the child a cross species baby?
My mother and sister didn’t like the original so much, I liked it and my dad loved it. We went to see the 2049 an we all LOVED it. It was simply amazing and beautiful. Definitely not too long.
I guess i know why it didn't do well just like the original as it's october and audiences want horror movies for October you know and IT is still a smash hit! this is an excellent sequel that is on par with the lightning in a bottle original and who thinks this will be a cult film like the original or like Dredd? the director is the next Nolan.
One of the best sequels ever made in my opinion. I have already preordered it on iTunes. I loved it. I am sad that it isn't doing so good at the US box office right now but I think it will slowly earn back a decent sum of money. Doing bad at the box office doesn't change the fact that it's an excellent sci-fi movie and will look really nice sitting next to my copy of the 1st Blade Runner in my movie collection. I just love how it builds off the themes of the first movie.
I cried for K
Didn't love the original Blade Runner to be perfectly honest. However, this one blew me away in every way possible. It added to the original for me in so many ways. I feel like when I go back to watch the original that it will now have more emotional weight and that is what a sequel should do.
So his ratings out of 5 are as below i believe...\nAwesometacular - 5\nWorth watching and buying on blu-ray - 4\nFun time watch, no alcohol required - 3\nWould be a better time if drunk - 2\nGonna Forget in T-1 day - 1\nDogshit - 0
One correction: Blade Runner is a sci-fi classic, not a sci-fi cult classic.
This isn't the Blade Runner we wanted\n\nThis is the Blade Runner we deserved
Didn't really care for the first one, but I thought that 2049 was bomb asf.
What if I haven’t seen the first one will I be lost in the sequel?
I watched the theatrical cut a few days before and I didn't think it was that good. Maybe it was over-hyped for me. But I really enjoyed 2049 and thought it was beautifully shot and designed.
Long movie.  I have to watch it again to study it.  Maybe I was kind of sleepy when I watched it and maybe dozed off a little so I missed some of the story.  And did not understand the how question in the end.
I don't know why americans pronounce the director last name vila-nuve. Hey it's like vil-nov
Blade Runner was a good movie, Blade Runner 2049 was a great movie 🎥 masterpiece of cinema made me guessing from beginning to end hope it stays as good second watch l☺️
I think Alphaville: A Strange Adventure of Lemmy Caution (1965) by Jean-Luc Godard is a very influential film for blade runner.
I didn't like the original but I did like 2049.
I'm NOT a fan of the original blade runner, don't like to watch it for several reasons. Went to see this one because of the reviews and the all the talent involved. I enjoyed it much more than the original. That said I'm again not a superfan. Would give it like 8/10. Especially the cinematography, sounddesign, visual effects and concepts were fantastic. I also found that it felt long and a bit dragged out sometimes, while then suddenly the ending was rushed compared to that. But minor flaws all in all, still a beautiful must see.
i think what made the difference for me was the soundtrack.  we unintentionally watched it in an extra movie theatre with comfier seats, bigger screen and stronger sound (not gold class though) and UGH, my ears were just taken for a ride... made me love the movie!
This movie reminded me of how good movies can be. And it didn’t push a BS liberal agenda which is unusual these days!!
Full franchise marathon first time today,  new fan of Blade Runner
I for one enjoy being in a theater and not my home when watching movies of this caliber. The sound design and score through arclight cinemas Atmos sound system was the best character of the film. I'm always perplexed at reviews of movies that are too long.
Didn’t see the original yet, will probably watch it now. I’ve heard to watch the final cut. 2049 was gorgeous and the best film of this decade. The score is spectacular
Blade Runner and BR2049 don't have pacing issues. In BR2049, every single scene moves the plot forward and contains important information to the next scene. Most movies these days are bloated with exposition and quick edits to make it seem like the movies moving faster but nothing of importance happens for like 30 minutes. In this movie, A LOT happens in every scene, the plot continues to build at a steady pace the entire way through, it's not slow or an issue because the scenes are just long takes that immerse you into the world and let you just breathe and take it in. That's *proper* pacing. If you say the pacing is slow or it's boring, it makes you seem kinda dumb, or your taste in film is immature and gravitates towards unimaginative crap like the MCU/Fast and Furious/Transformers movies.
great sound, graphic and cast.. still overrated.. watched this on midnight screening.. good lullaby..
I put the visuals right up there with Fury Road. I don't say that lightly. It was too long however. Shave 10-15 minutes off and this movie is nearly perfect.
respect your review but totally disagree with you about the pacing, that being said I'm a huge blade runner fan. I thought the sequel was one of the best sequels ever made.
I have nothing against Ryan gosling but in response to what Jeremy said in the first 1-2 minutes of this review.....Gangsterland (or is it Gangster Squad? I forgot). Man, is he bad in that. Pretty much everyone save Sean Penn phones it in for that movie.
It's about love and hope found and then lost.
Here comes a very unpopular opinion. Blade Runner 2049 is NOT better than the original. Convoluted story and weak characters with a feeling of nostalgia rather than continuing the legend. Denis Villeneueve expands on a universe in a way that it looses its original shape and becomes an amalgam version of itself.
My best friend convinced me to the movie the hour before showtime even though I never saw the original but he sent me a explanation video on all cuts of the movie and when I came out of the theater I was a blade runner fan. I honestly thought the movie  was perfect, however I do feel like since having not seen the original some of the concepts and interpretations were fresh and exciting for me.
I'm glad the movie took it's time. Finally!
The movie was a 3 hour bore. looks great though but not a enjoyable movie.
I didn't really like the first Blade Runner. I like the concept and the idea behind it but the movie itself I just didn't like\nI liked this slow burn movie a looot!  Darn well too long yes indeed.\nThe main complaints will be.. the audio balancing and the 'BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA s. \nIt wasn't the theater.. but the balance was just off, near the end of the movie, the SFX were just god awful loud then anyone talking is just so quiet. It was horrible when they did that.\nSecondly and far worse for me.. the Bwahhhhs.  Dear lord. They had over 30+ scenes with bwaaahhs for the sake of  bwaaahs. Trying to be hyper dramatic or something? Every. Single. set up scene that I can remember had their own bwah. Flying over the city? Bwaah. seeing the lil hover drone shoot out towards the desert? Bwaah.  Opening of the movie? Bwaaah. They had a bwaah. then a shot of his apartment for maybe 3 mins. then another bwah. followed by the inside of the car... then another bwaaah right after that.\nJust what the flying fuckery was going on with that?\nLike everyone was making fun of it from that one inception movie and after that it became a funny thing to comment on.. but this one can't even make fun of. just soo many...\n\nso yeah... the movie itself and content I all enjoyed but some random details just annoyed the hell out of me. \nStill i'd watch it again if someone else bought the ticket or it shows up on tv later.
I hated the original the first time I watched it. But I was like 15 I think. It bored me to death. Then I rewatched the original & the directors cut back to back about 10 years later. It’s one of my favorite sci fi films. But I can understand why a lot of people don’t like it. Prolly 90% of the people I know who have seen it hate it. They say it’s too slow & boring. It’s like an old 40s noir film meets science fiction. And I love it more and more with every viewing. The directors cut not the original lol.
Jared Leto was so under used. He could have been such a great Roy Batty. But the movie was great anyway.
HOW WAS THIS MOVIE NOT AWESOMETACULAR????!?!?!?
I was not impressed by Blade Runner 2049.  It was too long, too confusing, and its ending was too abrupt.
I never saw the original, still need to watch it but I loved 2049.
It could have been a good movie. if they made it 90 minutes , and cut out all the slow crap parts.  i was annoyed as fuck !
SOLDIER was the original Blade Runner Sequal
as someone who hasn't seen the original blade runner, yes this movie does appeal to casual viewers and it made me interested in finally seeing the first one although i'm not sure which one i should see since I've​ heard it has been George Lucas'ed
love your reviews Jeremy,love how you add those funny mimic bits in many reviews of yours. It would be great if you could actually do more trailer reactions too.the new JL trailer? Have you seen it? What did you think about it?
The thing about the action scenes were how brutal and uncomfortable they were. In real life violence isn't pretty and feels unnatural, and that came across here. Well done.
Anyone else find the first Blade Runner movie incredibly boring??
I've watched half of the original movie and turned it off because I thought it dragged on for too long, and then went to see the sequel. I loved that movie from beginning to the end, it felt like it was 1,5 hrs at max so I was shocked when u said 3 hours, 9.5/10
Blade Runner 2049 Full Movie Free Online HD  https://sites.google.com/view/blade-runner-2049-full-moviez/home
Unfortunately it doesn't seem to be doing well at the box office. Guess it's a blade runner sequel in more ways than one.
If you have even a passing interest in this film, go see it. Just go in blind. Don't worry about reviews.\n\nTo quote Harrison Ford, I thought it was fucking awesome! I was blown away...
Jahns is awesome - ❤
Awesometacular ***
Fuking weirdos.blade runner wut ever sux arse!
This movie sucked
W..,.,.,atc.h h..,..er.e Fu.ll HD 1080p  http:// onlyhd.site
Watch Blade Runner 2049 Full Movie HD\nhttps://x16.megaplexmovie.online/movie/335984/blade-runner-2049.html
Kiss me then kill me Jeremy
In the future you can torrent a girlfriend
More excited for Dune honestly.
Love Blade Runner.
Denis VEEL-NUHV
No Awsometacular? C'mon Jeremy.
It was absolute trash
spoiler review?
🔴 *Blade Runner 2O49 Mᴏᴠɪᴇ* ✅ bit.ly/Blade-Runner-2049-FuII-Movie
Boring Movie of the Decade, slow , predictable and weak story line, barely any action , gloomy , and annoying music and characters were pathetic
Who had more screen time, the Joker or Mr. Wallace?
evidently every reviewer that got a screening was obligated to rave rave rave...
Failed movie.
Grace! I have been watching you since your first appearance on AGT. I think as of last week I had heard and seen everything 'Grace' out there. Then Austin and BANG, you blew my mind all over again. 4 new songs that are off the charts young lady. You seem to have an excellent crew on top of so much of what makes this whole thing work in this next phase I see you in.\n\nIn my opinion, you have knocked the new Album to a top 10 position on the Pop Charts. As you have said about AGT, ‘Miracles do Happen’. Don’t be too surprised, this is destined to greatness and if there were award shows in December 2017 coming up, you are winning some great honors. If you do that…if it happens that fast, it would be like a world record of Unbelievable Songs, Great Lyrics, Great Ideas, flowing, and Miss VanderWaal's two other huge traits. \n\nAs a singer she has transformed herself into a dramatic belter with the croaky voice when she wants it. But her voice is smoothing out BIG TIME and her control has become so apparent, which I didn’t expect so soon. This Austin Show, the act with the keys, drums and guitar was simple astounding!\n\nHow can you possibly get this ‘so polished so fast’. And to know you will continue to grow and bend and change and probably blow us away again in 6 months or so. \n\nThe cliché many comparisons have been made and I'm form the sixties and a musician all my life. She elicits memories to Bob Dylan, and the great poets of that era as well. Second, as a performer she has been aware of her abilities to elicit certain responses in her songs and performance from the words to the color of the lights to pretty much the whole show.\n\nThe way she commanded the ACL stage was her incredible ‘trying to please and make safe, the world’ energy coming together with what I think is the idea that she was a flower opening up and to see that manifest so quickly must be applauded. She reminded me of Bruce Springsteen. Dancing moving, looking so professional. I know you could write a book about reflections of a 18 mos and how to get this kind off transformation to happen. Maybe keep that a secret for a while.\n\nThe ACL show could not have been more you and not more professional. You had an extremely talented band who were taking directions of a 13 yr old and paying you total love and support with their smiles and eyes watching you; paying you huge respect and love. Who does this? Grace does. Especially your Austin guitarist was so communicative with her glances at you that I thought to put her on the full tour coming up, if you get her.\n\nI have seen nothing like this in 30-40 years if ever. Michael Jackson comes to mind. Congratulations Grace on everything do you; you deserve it an more to come. And we’re all happy that Grace tries to just be Grace without putting on too much pressure. Please.\n\nDe-stress in mediation. Don’t treat the treehouse as a summer 1 week vacation spot. Go there!
I love grace so much want to meet her ❤️❤️❤️
[Verse 1]\nIt was wrong, well, it never worked\nOr at least I told myself\nTo not make it hurt\nI try to blast music\nIn attempt to get you out of my eyes\nBut I can't escape my mind\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nI hate you 'cause I've always\nLook at your picture\nAnd I tell myself\nThat I'm over you\nBut then I get a little unsure\n\n[Chorus]\nI wish I could get you\nOut of my mind\nBut I think about it all the time\nAnd I wish I could not think\nFor once in my life\nBut when I see your face\nI can't escape my mind\n\n[Verse 2]\nI know we were never a thing\nBut I always think about\nWhat could've happened if we kept going\nAnd I never had this happen to me\nOnly in the movies\nBut honey it is happening\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nI hate you 'cause I've always\nLook at your picture\nAnd I tell myself\nThat I'm over you\nBut then I get a little unsure\n\n[Chorus]\nI wish I could get you\nOut of my mind\nBut I think about it all the time\nAnd I wish I could not think\nFor once in my life\nBut when I see your face\nI can't escape my mind\n\n[Bridge]\nI can't escape my mind\nI wish I could turn it off sometimes\nOh, I can't escape my mind\nOh, no matter how hard I try\nI wish I could turn it off sometimes\n\n[Chorus]\nI wish I could get you\nOut of my mind\nBut I think about it all the time\nAnd I wish I could not think\nFor once in my life\nBut when I see your face\nI can't escape my mind
Just casually dancing down the street while this song is blasting through my headphones
i can't ESCAPE  the fact of how amazing this is
So much talent from little Grace !!
0_0 Her voice has literally changed and all I can say is... ITS BEAUTIFUL!
I live in the Tucson area no ones playing her music on any of the radio stations even  though her hits views are well above the artists that are being played any answers her talent and songwriting are in a league  of its own I love her
Thanks grace your such a huge inspiration keep writing songs and being awesome your my favorite singer😻😻😻
this makes me wanna have a Grace Vanderwaal themed party and invite all fans
Her songs were all beautiful. I always cheer her.
amazing song !!!!
ITS MY FAVORITE MUSIC!!!!!!!
At 0.29 its amazing! My voice is pretty good but I can't do that!
This is my new Favorite song of hers 😍😍😍😍beautiful
I LOVE HER VOICE😍
I love this song!!
This song gives me some old Sia vibes. So good!
This song is never going to escape my mind
I love you... <3 #Brazil
She is the best👏🏻
I'm obsessed
I really love it 😍 I love you and your voice since the very first day ❤️
It's like indian song yet?
This is absolutely amazing!!!!!!!
This song hits me hard even though it's a happy song cause I relate so much love you grace
Who has a crush
I wonder what she sounds like in a rock genre, this is amazing :o
I love this song
I'm screaming since two days  ! :'u
This is going to be huge
this is her best song yet damnnnnn
what the fuck im actually living this song.
What? No nothing is wrong with me, I just keep pressing this thing called the replay button over and over
I love your song, you have a beautiful voice, a good rhythm and do not argue, definitely a great talent, continues
Somebody make a nightcore!!! Love this song, my new fave as soon as i just heard the first note
you are so amazing
AMAZING!!! :D Love It!!!
Wow I never related to one of your songs more! This is amazing. 😁
my daughter loves your songs ty for being a great influence on girls your age
If SME would remove all of the lyric videos posted on YT, this post would have more than double the views and attention. So sad how the attention seekers capitalize on this precious amazing talent. That goes for you FanderWaalNews too.
I really want to skip my mind right now but I just can't so I go to her songs comfort I love you Grace
love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I like it🌞✨💙✨🎉🍀
Honestly so relatable
How can people be so stupid she needs WAY MORE VIEWS on this AMzing song love you grace
1 millon views who is here????
Am I the only one wondering who it's about?
Grace! I am 14 and I LOVE your songs SO much like you are MY inspiration for EVERYTHING you are SO awesome!! Love ya!!!
Holy chicken tenders I think this just usurped Moonlight as my favorite of Grace's songs!
It is only me or in the beginning I thought it was Taylor swift
LOVE IT OMG I ACCIDENTLY UNSUBSCRIBED FOR A COUPLE MONTHS I LOOK HER UP AND BAM LIKE 6 NEW SONGS AND I
*i got here from an i dont know my name animatic now ive been listening to her songs for at least 2 days straight*
I love this song and Grace! 💖💕
I relate to this song so muchh
grace is a wonder
Who are you complaining abou t in your musics
UR superb little girl, I adore your way of being a top artist!
Grace is so much more mature than the paul brothers
Her song writing just keeps getting better.
imagine rock version of this song. just imagine it.
You're so pretty!
This is my new favorite song of yours
Probably my favorite song so far, it kinda reminds me of 22 for some reason😃
Yes can't wait till next week 😍😍
I went to amazon to buy both album but they didn't have nothing but the first album. I love it. I be in my car singing your a beautiful thing to my son. He look at me like momma please stop killing that song. I keep singing while he puts his hands on his ears like where is daddy when I need him.
I love this song so much!!! it makes me so happy everytime I listen to it!
Grace Avery VanderWaal, if you are reading this, I just want to say you are the best singer I have ever heard in my life. You’re amazing for your age, and I saw you from day one , season 11 of AGT , once I saw your audition and when Howie Mandel pressed that Golden Buzzer, I absolutely fell in love with your amazing voice! When I saw you win AGT , I almost when to tears because I was soo happy you won! I also heard you had a small concert in Japan! I’m glad you liked it there! I’ve been there many times I love it there too. You just have soo many songs and I can’t choose which one is best! The’re all soooo amazing! I wish I had an amazing voice just like you! I am such a huge fan of you! I wish I could meet you one day. That is my dream! Your name is also very beautiful -from your #1 fan Maya W It would make me extremely happy if you reply , even a basic “ hello” Ps I memorized almost all of your songs
she is in love
I love this songgg!!! I just posted a cover and it would mean so much to me if you all checked it out!!! <3 Thank you!
i love  you and i love your voice
<Plays GV songs on repeat> I'm a little obsessed with this song <3
I want this album so bad, I can't wait!
This song is way to relatable and accurate. I love her way of singing oh my goodness, this song slays as much as her.
This song represents me and my love, who doesn’t like me but people say he does
This is the best for her age
Yeah not bad its great 👍👍
I love this song
Her voice sounds like Shawn Mendez + Taylor Swift. Love her.
Grace Vanderwaal and Melanie Martinez need to make a song together!
It was wrong, well, it never worked\nOr at least I told myself\nTo not make it hurt\nI try to blast music\nIn attempt to get you out of my eyes\nBut I can't escape my mind\n\nI hate you 'cause I've always\nLook at your picture\nAnd I tell myself\nThat I'm over you\nBut then I get a little unsure\n\nI wish I could get you\nOut of my mind\nBut I think about it all the time\nAnd I wish I could not think\nFor once in my life\nBut when I see your face\nI can't escape my mind\n\nI know we were never a thing\nBut I always think about\nWhat could've happened if we kept going\nAnd I never had this happen to me\nOnly in the movies\nBut honey it is happening\n\nI hate you 'cause I've always\nLook at your picture\nAnd I tell myself\nThat I'm over you\nBut then I get a little unsure\n\nI wish I could get you\nOut of my mind\nBut I think about it all the time\nAnd I wish I could not think\nFor once in my life\nBut when I see your face\nI can't escape my mind\n\nI can't escape my mind\nI wish I could turn it upside down\nOh, I can't escape my mind\nOh, no matter how hard I try\nI wish I could turn it upside down\n\nI wish I could get you\nOut of my mind\nBut I think about it all the time\nAnd I wish I could not think\nFor once in my life\nBut when I see your face\nI can't escape my mind
Beautiful💖💖
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Escuche la voz de esta niña en un video de instagram y me encantó escucharla!! ❤
Perfectly Perfect
America got talent
Brazil here, loving <3
OMG 💗❤😘😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Looooove it 💖💖💖
Your awesome Grace my new fav song!!
D+s GraceVanderWaal!!!
beautiful song ur so talented
i loooovee this 2:49 piano fx
TWINTY ONE POILTS VIPES
Ohh My Grace !! 😍😍😍😍
So story time, I just found out my crush didn't like me because he told my other friend and I couldn't stop thinking about what he said so to distract myself I went to listen to Grace's new song....she literally is describing my situation right now.
She has a beautiful voice but the song didn't grab me as much as I'd like it to
what is this song about? is she in love?
I wish this was uncut! Her voice without auto tune is so much better!
Thank you so much for this exercise. I haven't been feeling like my authentic self lately, and this has just made me step back and reminded me I'm a strong individual.
Thank you! Yes, the exercise was  helpful, I got teary eye.
Carlie, this was such a lovely exercise; I thought maybe I'd feel too weird doing it but I decided to follow along and actually found it helpful. Love where the momsview is going! I'm going to keep this exercise in mind
Wow... I needed that! <3
This video was really good. I enjoyed the exercise very much.
I need so help my husband decided to walk away after 21 yrs of marriage  I feel lost
I really want to see all the kids and see how much they have grown
Love you guys!\nNot a huge fan of the extra camera angles... but love ya anyway!!
I would really like to see a video about infertility and its struggles from you guys and maybe an expert and someone who has struggled or is struggling with that. I think it’s a subject that’s not talked about frequently and something that affects a lot of women and couples. Love you girls!
I really enjoyed doing this :) felt a bit silly but think it worked to remind me of how far I’ve come in my life
I couldn't do it. yet. But I feel like my friends would love this, sounds so amazing
I think a GREAT show idea would be top self help books yall have liked, or a book club type thing.
Real moms have dirty windows. 😉 Good to see it's not just me. 👍🏻
It looks like collete is crying
Totally teared up while doing this. Thank u for reminding us to love ourselves through the good and the bad. Loving this new moms view!!!!
I love how genuine The Mom's View is!
That was beautiful! Thank you!!
dont like carlies self help on her channel either.i am a hippy and fake hippy isnt helpful
That’s bullshit she got cheated and she acting like he didn’t do anything wrong
That made me cry, imagining myself at my weakest and giving that person a hug. Thank you Carlie!
Mommytard is so sad at the end :( stay strong and think about yourself first cause nobody will no matter who you are.
How great. I love that. Thanks so much for sharing. \nSince I don't have any kids of my own yet, I wanted to know if any of you guys had fertility issues leading up to any of your pregnancies or even if you know people who have or do.\nI have been struggling with infertility for the last 3 years and I'm trying to trust in God. I'm having a really hard time knowing what my next step should be and if having kids is really what God wants for me. I am LDS and there is definitely some expectations I know that there is only so much I can control but this is something that is really really difficult for me to not feel shame and guilt about. I'm 29 and been married for 9 years for the first 6 years of my marriage we used contraceptive. I think, Did I screw this up? Is it my fault my body isn't working? Did I miss my window for having children? and all the time everyone is asking me when I'm going to have a baby. It was easier to tell people that we were waiting than it is now to say we are trying and failing. Any insight or even just words of advice you can give would be much appreciated. Thanks!
I love you guys, I really needed this. thank you.
Dear ladies, still so happy you are back. \nI would be interested for you to talk about cancer and breast cancer. Last year my mom has gone through her second round of breast cancer, the first was 10 years ago. It was a tough time and I learned so much about cancer and about myself. I feel like my mom, though right now she is struggling with depression, is growing stronger and learning so much about herself and her own strength because of the disease. What is hard about it for her right now and for me during the last year is accepting that you sometimes are weak and that you are not always at your best and you are still you and you are still a genuinely perfect person just the way you are. My thoughts, I would love to hear yours. \nBest wishes from Germany! \nOh PS I'll be in Santa Barbara, California and in south Utah the next couple month. If you do any kind of meet up I am dieing to meet you. You gave me so much strength, knowledge and are a big role model for me! Love you
Thanks Carlie- I did this along with ya'll and loved it💕
Dark hard times make the amazing times even better :) life is about learning, sometimes we learn things we don’t want to but it’s worth it in the end.
One day I want to be this carefree
I absolutely needed this today because sometimes it's hard to remember that we won't always be at our worst... I love you ladies and thank you for having these chats with us. I feel like you three are the sisters i always longed for. \n\nAlso a Friday show that would be amazing: How to not lose yourself when becoming a parent/wife?
so glad this is back 😭💗
*when are the shaytards going to post again*
Should have Shaycarl as a guest. Seeing how he is a selflove specialist. Only give him a twitter account and some lube.
I love this
Really really loved this video
OK. only 5 seconds eyes closed aaaand hello tears! lol thank you Carlie It was an awesome exercice.
I like moms
I would love to see more girly stuff, girl chats, makeovers, makeup, hair, clothes talk and more. You should go on a girls trip and just relax, do some shopping, get massage, manicures etc
That was wonderful. The exercise; Carlie's explanations and advice were so on point and just so good. I will remember this, use it, and share it. Thank you.
Loved this!! Annnnd Colette's pants are super cute :) \n\nXOXOXO
I’m not a mom, but I love these videos! So much insight and advice. I love you all! 💛💛
Topic idea- finding a passion outside of motherhood
You wonderful ladies are such an inspiration ❤️\nLots of love from Dubai😘
This was so great and I definitely got a little teary eyed.
Loved this Carlie!! If me four years ago had any idea how happy me now is, she wouldn't have even sweated that stuff before!! When you're in the thick of it, people always say, this won't last forever, you'll get through it, blah blah blah. But you're always like, nope, not for me. I will be miserable forever. But little do you know that things DO change and they DO get better. Usually it takes time. But it happens. But gosh, back then I was sure I'd be that way forever. Hindsight!! 💜
that is very helpful ladies. thank you
Thank you Carlie that was so helpful to me💗
Awesome! I'm sorry you felt like you had to distance yourself from this beautiful practice and downplay it as hippie dippy it's ok to go for it and own it. 💖
I love this!!!! I am going to use this for sure in my own life. Thank you for sharing
This is wonderful....  Thank you for sharing this :)
After my mom passed I realized how much I leaned on her in hard times. I had the hardest time of my life after that and I couldn't lean on her.  I found the quote she needed a hero, so she became one and it really woke me up.  ♡
I love that Carlie! I’m glad that you guys are spreading positivity and self love. We need more of this around he world.
As soon as Carly said introduce yourself to yourself I started to cry. I needed this so much. Thank you 💓
Thanks, Carlie. That is very helpful. 😊
Collette don't be guarded let karlie love you
Can you guys do challenges again I miss them
This is an awesome thing to do! I kinda got teary eyed lol
So glad you ladies are all back! You guys really life this mamas spirits!! ❤️
You guys are amazing , this is helping me so much. Thank you ❤️❤️
I love this exercise and I've done it before, it really works! Although I would've loved to see you go into more dept with this exercise. Like who did Colette and Kayli see in front of them in the bad and good times? More examples would make this so much better! We love to hear about YOUR struggles that you've overcome. Please keep this in mind for the next segment. 😘
Don’t understand why carlie not verified or hasn’t more credit becuase I honestly think she amazing inside and out she has the best personality and is an all around nice person
wow i did it with you guys and it was hard looking at me at my worst it almost bought me to tear and then seeing my good embrace it felt so relieving thank you guys for showing me that i can get through the worst by just thinking about all the good that my life will bring.
That made me cry 😢
Are you guys going to volg again
Great video
These type of things don't do anything for me.
Collette are the shaytards making  videos  again????
So sweet
Welp. If Susan watches it then it must go to the trending page!
Cathal love ❤ all girls Cathal like you girl \nI a am little sissy girl mistress
As I did the exercise with you girls I was so taken back by how differently I viewed my best self and worst self. How they almost seemed like completely different people. Thank you for this and for helping me reconcile my worst and best self. Self love is something I am working on too!
That was.... unexpectedly emotional! Jeez! From an overweight, suicidal college freshman to a happy wife, mom and fit triathlete. I've come a long way, and sometimes it's hard to recognize that through all the daily details!
This exercise was interesting.  Because as I am  urrently at my lowest in self esteem right now. It felt good to hug my old fun self and have my fun self hug my new sad self. It's weird to say, but it made me feel like I was being a friend to my new self as well as my new self felt relief for having a friend to hug and admire.
Oh mom's view gals, I needed this more than you know right now.
Wow, it's been a year since I was at my worst. Suicidal, unmotivated, etc. I'm doing so much better now. People keep telling me that I look different, beautiful, and happier without even knowing my situation. Improved mental health shows on the outside too, I guess! What a great exercise!
Carle I did it with you and it was great. Thank you
Does anybody know the name of this exercise or who created it? cheers :)
Thank you this helped a lot! high school is such a struggle for me competition in seat placement in music , being a clumsy/awkward lab partner, mediocre grades, parents saying I'm a failure and other insecurities I have. I feel like if I pay attention to the good times all the bad times will gradually vanish away and I will become the person I see myself as in the future :) at one point last year I was considering suicide because of all the academic and social obstacles I've been going through. I hope I inspired someone today and that the bad times are what make us a better person today :)
Hey an idea for next Friday could be to update us on all of your kids and maybe bring some guest stars (the kids)
I'm not sure this would work for me. I can't imagine meeting myself during the darkest time, because I'm currently in the darkest time right now
Thank you!  This was so great!  I'm leading a bible study for women called Broken, and Im going to share this video as one of the exercises we do during our time together.
Dont mind me being immature but this remind me a TON of Joy & Sadness from Inside Out! 😍😍😭❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm going to try this. After Vegas incident, I dont feel like a good role model for my kidsk as i come undone. If I can stop and say the chances are small and find the best me that knows through prayer and what I've learned I can pull myself together. I'll try anything. :(
Nice exercise thanks for sharing! Sweet lady's.....💞😊
I love Carlie's top where is it from ????
I'd love if there was a self-help video like this every week :)
Carlie! You have no idea what that did for me. Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart .
Omg I literally cried I needed that thank u
I really liked the exercise Carly!
Ugh this is why I love you guys. ❤️
I loved this exercise. It made me so incredibly emotional because I know my younger self would be so proud of who I am today. Made me want to go back and hug the little girl that thought things would never get better and just hold her and tell her it's all gonna be okay.
Thank you Carlie! This is a life saver! You're the best!
In love with Carlie's top! 😍
That helped a lot thanks guys 😊 I looked at myself two years ago when I was self harming and hateting myself. Then I put the person who I am today with her. Today I am happy loved and pregnant with a baby boy. I had them hug each other and the one who was self harming  was so happy to see the me today and was happy to see me/herself pregnant.  God had a plan for me and today I finally realized what it was supposed to be.  Thanks again ☺❤
Carlie I'm obsessed with your shirt!!! Where did you get it?
Can you guys pleaseeeee do a nother challenge
I cried. I seriously cried. I loved this exercise
Love you all ❤️💛💚💙💜
so love you guys!!
Definitely got teary eyed through that <3 thanks mums!
Ahh I love this very helpful. It was super weird to think about those 2 people because those are very different for me at least. Love this and love you lovely ladies ❤️
I thought the middle girl was the mom from shaytards
Nigga was wall hacking too gawhdamn he doing it right
Fake news! It didn’t even happen!!!
When a cracker does something wrong, he was pushed to do it....if you're non white, no matter how innocent you are, you're in the wrong....
Go to: Movie BREACH - THAN YOU WILL UNDERSTAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jesus is the second shooter !!!!  He shot himself to look like a victim ! And his buddy ran away
Is it necessary for George Stephanopoulos  to teach me how to subscribe on YouTube at the end of every single video?
shooter? i would call him a terrorist, oh wait, he's a white caucasian.
Thankful for all of the brave men and women who risked their lives and saved many. <3
An hour before they got to him!! Are you fucking kidding me!!!
this guy sure did his research.
Did he just say the correspondent's name is Matt Gunman?
False Flag does not mean nobody was hurt. False Flag means that the official narrative has nothing to do with the truth.
Inside Edition said he never checked into any. This all is insanely sad.
This is proof that Hillary was involved in the LV shootings, look at how poor of a turn out for her book sales.
Sense when did they start filming these tragedy's?
United States of Idiots! How's that second amendment bullshit working out for you? He had no criminal background but look he carried out a massacre!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLkruVqQLEM \nyou have to be REALLY, but REALLY stupid and retarded to think that there is only 1 weapon shooting at a time. 5:00
Now whitey knows how it feels to be shoot at for no apparent reason, like innocent Native Americans , Blacks and Mexicans have endured for many many moons!
Where is the hotel security camera footage?
HOW MANY TIMES IS THE AVERAGE DUMBED DOWN IDIOT AMERICAN GONNA FALL FOR THE SAME BULLSHIT TRICK. IF YOU BELIEVE THE OFFICIAL STORY YOU'RE NOT FIT TO WALK THE SURFACE OF THE EARTH
100 round clips? those are 30 round clips. Only way for 100 rounds is in a drum.
Or they had multiple hotels in his name because they were shooting out of all of them! Quit lying MEDIA!!!!!!
Chicago Illinois was next Google it,
2:02 Just in case we suck at math... and common sense...
I hope he rots in hell for all eternity.
People tend to a build a wall when they have their own issues.
2:30\n\nWHAT THE HELL IS HE DOING IN ROOM 135\n\nhttps://www.cuteonly.ru/223394
alright so basically \nStephen Paddock wanted to kill himself, but since he was messed up he wantedto kill as amny people as posible with him\na clever plan. but not so clever if he kills himself
Wow ! Silly me!! I just got it !! It's like a dick extension having a gun and having a bigger gun is a bigger dildo!! It's only just occurred to me that this old dude probably can't get it up any more!! I mean look at all the younger spree shooters who did it because they couldn't get laid, well we know this dude had money and a girlfriend but he probably lost it cos he's now a limp dick!!\nYou see that is what you need to do now America, tell the truth about why a man would need a big gun , let alone 40 of them!! You need to let young kids know how deeply uncool it is to need a gun. What man needs a gun ? Over here in Blighty we would consider that being a pansy as tis old school to have a bloody fist fight and guess what? Nobody dies.
The sad thing is that these hotels have little to no security he could have done the same at any hotel bring all those weapons in ... also what did he have against country music instead of rappers? Hmmm....
There had to been two shooters. He couldn't have done it alone.
an hour later? Thought it was 10 minutes
Thank the lord he didn't shoot up the rap show....
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*  The #1 Music Download of The Day \nShare and Order You're Right here    ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Why still no fucking hotel videos from inside!?
Also google LIVEWIRE VEGAS. 1ST RESULT SHOWS A GRAPHIC VIDEO.
This are all fucken lies the media is reporting. Tell us the truth . Just let's us know the truth . He had help and let us know who help him .? Everything is fishy
Guns were placed previously in the room...the guy just walked in and got the keys at reception...inside job.
false flag perpetuated by the demonrat libtards to take away muh guns!
The conspiracy theorists are not the only ones u gotta watch out for now lol anyone can go nuts
Look for the photo released/leaked that show the dead lone wolf on the floor. \nThen take special note that there is a rifle on a bipod OVER his left leg. \nThey reported that he was killed on breech, then they said it was suicide, now they are back to killed on breech. \n\nLooking at his body position with the rifle over his left leg...... hmmmmmm>\n\nI hope you can find it, but the pic of his face shows he spit up a lot of blood, but you can see he was shot in the lower chest to stomach from the front. \n\nWith the rifles position and his final resting spot, that means he was shot by someone else standing in the room at the broken window. \nSWAT didn't enter the window and they did not have a sniper shooting into the room. \n\nFor all those who say the 4th floor muzzle flashes were the reflection of a strobe light, tell me how a moving cab wouldn't have fallen out of the reflective line of sight of that distant strobe reflection. \nNot to mention other camera angles showing the same muzzle flash. \n\nJust watch all the first shooting videos.....where the guy was still singing on stage. \nYou can hear shots and echo, but then you will hear overlapping fire. \n\nHead back to the pics in the room and look at the shot with his legs in the photo....top left of that photo is the window he was shooting from. \nThere aren't nearly enough empty casings on the ground for this to make since
He should've uploaded the videos to YouTube before he killed himself.
Who else flinched when they demonstrated the ak
WOW  Lone gunmen don't need several spots to shoot from,  Teams do.  Real deaths, real injuries, bad reporting.
What will be next step for USA government.
If we don't want this to happen anymore we shouldn't be creating more gun laws. We should just have metal detectors added to buildings. Going in and out. That way they can keep track of the firearms better. Concealed carry is ok. But you can't have someone stockpiling weapons in any building. If you bring a weapon in you can't bring another one in until your other one is out. Its called being smart and caring about what goes on.
Chicago people still being killed by gun men. No outrage there, the hypocrisy is real!
a sad moment in history
George Stephanopoulos is a little bitch, I remember he called this monster Mr Paddox fk him. Call him the killer or evil man, not mr you stupid ass news anchor. What a douche say what it is politically correct ass hole.
IT'S GOVERNMENT SETUP AND HE GOT FRAME FOR IT BLAHHH
what is that odd piece of furniture around 00:25 with giraffe print? strange, appears to have sections and cracked on the outside. anyone have an idea?
In the year 2021travel in urban transport around the world will cost 1 satoshi Big hamburger 10 satoshi, Electric car 1500 Satoshi. Whole bitcoin owners will be living in luxury. But until then you can collect satoshes ( bitcoin cents) for just one click per hour sign up here. And you can also win in a free lottery 2 bitcoins every week https://freebitco.in/?r=1691044
Admiring the fact that it is fall and in Canada it's freezing but there you see he has his sleeves rolled up
were are the body cams of the SWAT TEAM when the breached the room???
I wonder if this happens in Denmark....
I don't understand why people want to hurt others life just because there not living an amazing life
I'm glad he didn't call the guns ghost guns
My heart goes out to the shooter's family. They're the real victims in this shooting. If only the shooter had shot the fucking  redneck performer of the horrible music, I wouldn't have complained. It's funny how it's always white Americans that carry out innocent mass shootings.
Steve the shooter,  had 2 planes, I would like to see his flight records, flight paths, States and Countries he visited, petrol consumption, service maintenance recordes, who were his PASSENGERS ?? the passengers list. This would be in all aviation records. Perhaps he leased a plane overseas, this would be in global records, he would need to produce his licence, ID, PASSPORT, to lease any plane ABROAD, then there's the payment records to do all of the above, follow the money and his carbon footprint.
Media is either ignorant or complicit in the conspiracy. There were shots fired at the Belagio hotel over a mile away from Mandalay Bay. There were two people registered as being guests in that room !!!!!!
Cops told niggas to stay within the festival fences. Hm
Um, why an hour later after the security guard notified police?
There goes all the fake ass Russian bots arguments that he targeted country music because he was leftwing.
Good on those cops love it
MSN WIIL NOT STOP AT GIVING US FAKE NEWS/
*Acoustic forensic firearms expert mathematically verifies two shooters and their locations in Las Vegas in this video: **https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxmEFeKy8aI*  Share it quickly with everyone before it's removed!  It kills the official narrative!
Why did he dicide to go and kill country folk?
FBI created a Lee Harvey Oswald.
More people, the better.
What about the note found near the body - WTF is the media suppressing this information?  They keep saying no suicide note or anything - yet clearly there is a note on a table right near the body!
FUCKING PIGGGG ASSSS COPS!
What a loser 👎🏽
pls subscribe to my channel
Bath-salts epidemic!
False Flag
Cover up cover up cover up
Might have...may have..god get yer shit together
Remember: no rissian
https://youtu.be/ocJ_Vf4M8LM
buen reporte
Real news
I wonder what those “fuck the Police“ people think about that when they need some one to save ther ass the police are ther when they don't need them they just talk 💩.
It's only a false flag when a white person does it but if you're not white you're a terrorist
That jackass modified his AR to fire as if it was a machine gun...
..Gathering people who wants to be a part of building a network of stable, fully self sustaining and self sufficient communities (a.k.a. life-boats for the coming social & environmental collapse).  Peaceful communities that are built upon foundation of : love, spirituality, mercy, generosity, tolerance, intelligent, and wisdom. If you are interested in becoming a part of this grass root efforts, I encourage your reply.\n\nThis Community ARK Project is looking for peaceful, patience, humble, and kind-hearted people who are awaken and aware of the coming social & environmental collapse; who want to roll up their sleeves and participate in preparatory efforts. One cannot pull someone out of a raging river standing on a muddy slippery slope. In order to pull someone out of the river, one must stand on a firm solid foundation. A fully self-sufficient community is that solid foundation, upon which we stand in order to rescue other less fortunate who will be affected by the collapsing environment.  If people are struggling to survive as the environment collapses, how can they help others?  People need fully self-sufficient communities to shelter and nourish them, in order for them to reach out and help others.\n\nWe are gathering people from all spectrum of professional background: engineers, scientists, architects, biologists, farmers, doctors, nurses, artists, etc. Both skilled and unskilled people. Those with knowledge will teach those who lack them. Those not in the know will listen and learn so they might in turn teach others in the community. We have spent 6 years researching technology that were designed to allow Mars colonies to thrive in a desolate environment. We are now planning on using those very same technology to prepare people for the coming environmental collapse. If you are interested in helping out, we could use the help to reach the ears of people who are awaken via social media, or you can read our blog titled Generalized Plan of Action for a list of positions you can volunteer for.\n\nWe are speaking to those of like mind who do not need convincing; in their hearts and in their thoughts, they recognize the catastrophe that lay ahead if our modern societies continue on their current path of promoting competition, strife, ignorance and scarcity. This Community ARK Project is lighting a beacon so that those with similar mind set will know that they are not alone in their thoughts and impulse; that there are others like them out there who desire to come together to pool our effort in order to extract ourselves and place ourselves on a different path.  One that promote cooperation, harmony, foresight, and a nurturing environment.
Notice the WHITE media keeps showing MANY pictures of the non-white Filipina who didn't even commit the crime, but the WHITE man who's the perpetuator has only 1-2 pictures, yes, mostly ONE picture of him with EYES CLOSED.\nNo doubt they are trying to WEAKEN the image of the WHITE barbaric man in the head of viewers. \nDirty white bastards strike again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cash app me $domi4122
Bush did las vegas
Mr. Paddock just wanted some shut eye.
The thing that is scary is if you change the T in the reporters last name it’s Mat Gunman
pray for the shooter
Fake NEws
ONE HOUR LATER
https://youtu.be/9uo8nXh23dE
Flash hider??
It's only fake when a white person does the crime... gtfoh you sick bastards.
There is no way that a 64yr old senior citizen with no military experience could plan and finance that attack alone
How is someone who put this much planning and effort into killing hundreds of people not considered a terrorist...
The AR15 should be banned
Don't worry folks, we will see the hotel security video as soon as they release a better video of what actually hit the Pentagon
'My Name is Bear' World Tour 2017 tickets >>> http://nahko.shop.ticketstoday.com/
[Verse 1]\nYou should put that cigarette out\nYou should have faith in my mouth\nLike my mother, like your son\nLike my temperamental lungs\nEach piece fits into the next\nI come not black and I'm not white\nBoth reveal me in my sight\n\n[Verse 2]\nYou've got twinkles in your eyes\nYou said, Vegetarians save lives\nBut there's your wings, despite my back\nThere's your baby's bassinet\nWill there be one more of me?\nClose my eyes and try to hide\nFrom my form of dragonfly\n\n[Verse 3]\nLittle Bear woke in the woods\nChipped and peeled the hicklehoods\nIn that pen under the covers\nI've been stealing from my lover\nMoments I cannot replace\nTo my former dragonfly\nI resist and I survive\n\n[Verse 4]\nWhat a state I've brought this to\nLogic lies [of mine?] pull through\nBut what's that say of my character?\nI retreat back into nature\nWill there be one more of me?\nTo my form of dragonfly\nI resist and I survive, survive\n\n[Outro]\nI survive\nI survive\nThis is resistance\n\nI survive\nI survive\nI survive\nThis is resistance\n\nI survive\nI survive\nI survive\nThis is resistance\n\nI survive\nI survive\nI survive\nThis is resistance\n\nI survive (oh, this is resistance)\nI survive (yeah, this is resistance)\nI survive (this is resistance)\nThis is resistance (this is resistance)\nI survive (this is resistance)\nI survive\nI survive (oh yeah)\nThis is resistance\nI survive\nI survive\nI survive\nThis is resistance
PARIS! MY POWER GIRL 🌻❤
Wow! What a beautiful song! And Paris Jackson moves fantastically!
This is incredible, Paris really is something else. Such a beautiful music video 💛
Beautiful song. Nice music video. I love nature. We should all protect nature.
Paris Jackson is great, this song is so relaxing
Paris❤
Paris is so beautiful ♥ i love her.
Paris is playing this 😍❤❤
Blessings from Belgium. Paris was perfect for this video, great job brother bear!
Here for Paris my beautiful sunshine ♡
Paris is so beautiful omg❤
Great video!! Paris is beautiful, I love her so much! 😘😍💖✨
me hear before 1000.000.000 views
the world needs us. our time is now to make that change <3 i love you all Today and everday I challenge you in the mist of hard times. to love stronger and harder. The world needs it more then ever right now. Shut off the news, put down the phone, tune out, to tune in. The only way we can fight these forces is with love. Do something for someone else today, big or small it doesn't matter. A simple positive change is a change in the right direction. I'm here for you, you are not alone in this world. We are all in this together, so its time we start acting like it <3 i love you all, have a blessed day hug the ones you love a lil tighter and smile at strangers. stay humble be blessed. <3 i believe in the good things coming <3 one day one day even to those who hate me everyones that done me wrong thank you Thank you for helpin me grow aand love myself even more♡♡ either a lesson or a blessing i have no time for hate cuz i'm to busy loving the people around you know we really can do so muuuch with so little if we all just learned to love and accecpt. sometimes you gotta accecpt things you cant change, and hey thats alright cuz your still beautiful on the inside you where born a star! <3
So delicate and inspiring.\nAll the nature and the human connected.  Beautiful.
This video is very simple and yet so meaningful, it manages to perfectly capture a feeling of finding your place in life, being part of nature and the universe, being free and living life with all its joys and sorrows. And Paris is a beautiful human being and such a talented actress, just look at how expressive and fluid her movement is when she is dancing!
thank you so much.. I'm almost in tears its like... I see poetry and beauty only, this song is inspiring.. Paris jackson is  so full of light.  I'm in love for the art of life.
So moving, totally resonate with this. You can just feel the energy through the music
Vim pela a Paris
I can not express how excited I am for this album.
i love how in the end it seemed like paris melted into the ocean!
Paris seems like a reincarnated Flower-Child ~ evoking remembrances of my young days in the 1960's.  Pairs carries the beauty and grace of her father. Sweet soul, lovely and kind.
Paris has such a beautiful soul man. Omg. And she's gorgeous
To the Few people who are commenting a Dislike on this song.  Keep in mind that it is a song Nahko wrote a long time ago.  This song is not indicative of where his Sound is moving too.  Nahko chose this song because it reminded him of his Friend - Paris Jackson and he wanted to capture her Pure and Natural Beauty and Inner Essence.  I Think Nahko and Crew did a Fantastic job in this..  Paris has a You Tube Channel.. You can see what she is really like.  A very down to earth young lady with a sweet soul.   I expect we will hear much more of Nahko and MFTP music that we will love as much as the other songs now and in the future 💗
My paris🌻💘
Beautiful beautiful beautiful!
Nahko, you always make me want to cry and smile :)... your music picks me from ground many times. This song again hit my life, I finally found a girl that understand me. After year 3/4 year that i have a really bad break up, it end when it don´t have to. But now i feel happy and you make me fly in mind with my dragon fly :). You're music shaman to me and i hope this will come to you, to make your day better, as you make mine :). and to all of you, open your mind, open your heart and fly. Cuz YOU know you want to fly :)
I like Paris Jackson (Michael Jackson's daughter) in this music video. She is a pretty girl. This was a good music video and a good song. Very relaxing. You can play this at work or in your car on the way to work to calm and center yourself. I am a music lover...trust me this is a good song. Also I heard influences 100% of The Dave Matthews Band...instantly...the voice is very much similar to Dave Mathews voice! Not bad...if your gonna be influenced by someone then let it be one of the best bands out there.
Mmm right in the feels, but I'm feeling strong and unified. ❤
Jackson❤
Such a good song
Love always!
Medicine
This is medicine. It couldn't be more perfect. Thank you. See you in Bristol. Much love <3
I've been away from nahko's music for a little now, maybe two weeks since i heard a song? But i was drawn to search for him today, just after a new song was released. Spooky!
I dont even understand why tears welled up and why I find this so emotional but its a great video. I love his eye.
To the few dislikers..Find your medicine and use it. \nLove this song and new video Nahko. A true blessing to see Paris beautifully happy. So inspired. Thank you for sharing your music and the message. Much Love
Paris Jackson <3
Paris is the beauty of nature personified
Paris is my new age hippie inspiration how she can be so beautiful I don't understand ☮🌸❤❤❤❤🌻
Alguma boa alma traduz pro português por favor✌
Paris soul is so beautiful, kind and lovely. Just like her father. She is gorgeous. My goal is to meet her one day ☮💙🌻
I needed this. ❤️
Omg I'm crying, I love it😍😍😍❤❤❤
OMG im crying thank you so much for this moment :)
Beautiful
I LOVE ITTTT
Beautiful!
nice job folks- muy bueno
Special
Beautiful!
Love this song! Added this song to the 777 Playlist: Dedicated to my love for music. Here I share video's of songs that empower, inspire, lament, activate and liberate. Clean up your mind! https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLd8Mr6E3x8Zj1cpcba79aOVTEBhovYUd9?
:) Nahko you never disappoint me.\nSuch a beautiful song and such a beautiful video.\n\nI love you guys. All of you ♥
This is such a beautiful song as as well as video, and it is mainly or partially due because of Nahko Bear. And of course  the other part of thee success of this video as well as song, being his producer or his producers.
my dream is to collaborate a song with you. hope to one day make that possible.
Thinkyouknowmusic on Twitter brought me here.
i'm in love
Dragonfly up in the sky you know how I feel!
Beautiful song loved that melody~~
Great job.... Good music & video 🙏
awesome MUSIC video !!!
Very cool, indeed! Beautiful!
sososooo beautiful, music and words and pictures ... thank you!
see ya on the 28th in the Chi!
hello medicine tribe!  so glad to be a part of this movement as we usher in a new time and paradigm for a new generation..  Love you all!  Blessings of light on your paths.  Love you Nahkz! Thank you for the medicine.  You are such a powerful catalyst for change and a great healer.
I need some medicine right now. Active shooter 3 miles from my home tonight... two weeks ago there was one on the exit my fiancee takes to work...  why is everything so crazy?
Beatiful
You're music is a true inspiration
A R T
Finally some new medicine 😁
love this so much
This video is so  nature. I loved the part in what Paris closed her eyes in front of the tree ❤ OMG im in love with nature
nice
❤
Nahko! Thank you for shining. We see you, brother Bear. Mahalo
😇❤
PARIS!!! <3
PARIS!!! ❤️
soothing. much needed. ❤
Beautiful song, beautiful Paris. Bliss. Thank you.
Beautiful
Hare krishna
Beautiful video. Good work Paris, Nahko and Josue!
i just knew this video would be backwards chills and thrills thanks guys
paris jackson rocked it she has the same star power as her late father.
Goosebumps... <3
Love it, love you, love Paris!! I can't wait to get the album..
i cry... amazing .. :)
This is beautiful, the message is so empowering! I'm so grateful for these human beings! ♡♡♡
Loved it
A survivors song.....thank you! Strength given and recieved <3
Why  not run the video in forward motion?
La copia barata de The Scientist, pero con la sucia de Paris Jackson.
VEGANS save lives❤ \nI love you nahko😙😑😙
Who feels they couldn't dance around with a scarf, fall on the sand, stand in the water? I think you all are as talented + could!! Give yourself credit. You don't need a special talent, just have to feel free enough to try it! Btw, Not only does he have phone in hand, he has a shoulder bag also? So what do they both mean? ppl don't dance in fields w 'stuff'?
Paris Jackson is so beautiful.😍 Song is boring & music video was so boring.😞
Whats the name of that dancing yoga practice that i see in almost all your videos ?
Michael was the best preformer and if you saw his songs/ concerts iT was the most hyped music and its so sad to see that his kids aren't doing anything i really hoped that his kids would follow in his footsteps but not, hopefully Bigi/Blanket could do something good
Of course you’re drowning, Black people cant swim 😂
This song makes me wanna ask the teacher for their homework.
You guys know he wasn't really underwater right?
Chris brown taking drugs and driving cars possessed  after the fact.https://www.estately.com/blog/assets/zombie3.gif 1night 31st
This song make me wanna drown in fire
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford
whats the inspiration behind this?
I hope nobody do a smash and grab
Ya talking bout it's 🔥 but where Kodak part go 🤔🤔
Y'all hype this song up for no reason it's 5/10 at most
Belly did it first
I Thought Black People Couldn’t Swim??
Man I love this video so much, I’ve watched it over and over.... seen the making of the beat from the producer also. Hearing the beat differently now after watching it..
I can't tell if this nigga animated or not lmao
lol where Kodak at? don't tell me this nigga drowned lol
High bridge the Label
This shit is fire but where Kodak?
who's he before 5 mil view
Good luck on your journey to your dreams
call him wayne cause he's a shotta 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
He stole this idea from kid super
HOW IS THIS NIGGA STILL ALIVE??! HE WAS LITERALLY UNDERWATER FOR 45 MINUTES
This song makes water wanna drown in dat niggas jewelry
This is impressive. He can hold his breath a really long time.
This is way better w/o that  Who TF picked this sour ass beat  Nigga lmao 😂😂🤣🤣
I wanna see a behind the scenes
If the Kraken was human
https://m.soundcloud.com/savo123  I PROMISE YOU WILL BE AMAZED BY MY MUSIC🎤🔥🚀✌
Made my first song tell me what you think like and give a follow if it's lit \nHttps://soundcloud.com/ziklit/run-it-up-prod-blackmayo \n\nHttps://instagram.com/ziklit\nHttps://twitter.com/isaiahtheboy
Damn!I loved this song already and now I see his fine ass!Yeees~And aside from his perfect face I loved the video!!!🤧✨
So much better with out kodak
bruh they took out lil boats part... come on now
That piano is nasty
Wrist so icy wonder why she like me bitch i'm drownin
2:34 I started to feel that nigga verse
Where the fuck kodak at
this song makes me want to tell my parents they are grounded
Here before a dofin eats that nigga
No one told this nigga to record the vid at puerto rico
A Boogie look like a low budget Russell Westbrook
Chain so heavy I feel like I’m holding’ up a mountain
Who else wondering where Kodak is?😂
Who's watching this.         ?
this is good but he cut off my nigga kodak
Fuck u where is Kodak
wasnt this actually filmed under water or is that not true
When I watch this video it makes me want to hold my breath. #ABoogie #Kodak
How da fuck did he not die?
This song never gets old
I skipped my man boogie to see the #kodak part ,😬😬😬but dayumn...🏇🏇🏇🏇🏇
Who’s here before 5 Million views??
Who think this is music? This is total bullshit. We don't get good music anymore
When you playing hard to get but then she loses interest in you
You pretty good but make up a new one
We're Kodak
Fucking black people are so fucking stupid niggers jigaboos huge lip monkeys
Amazing 💯 💯
🔥😔
Nigga this lit
Where kodak at?
This video is dope asf
These guys drowned my nigga Kodak
the ting goes skraaaa
kodak turned into a mermaid !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fiiiirreeee
💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
good stuff 👌
Where's Kodak?
Was hoping for kodack :(
fire
One of yur best visuals
Aye aye aye aye
Amazing video
Nigg
No Kodak 😐😭
Here at 3 mil
Subscribe 2 YouTube 103Films Checkout Dream Team leave a 👍
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=29405
This is icy
WERE KODAK 😂
Visuals dope af
DUDE HES DROWNING.
Damage
Kodak black?
Bih am drowning in this pussy
Rip kodak
Me
They gotta second verse technically
A boogie wid da pickaxe
What happend to Kodak Black?!?!
This dude got some long ass fingers lol
Its on point
Finally
💕🌊😵
Zias we waiting
We're Kodak at tho
2nd song??
Rip Kodak 😂
*I M  M I N I N G*
cool
I'm feeling pretty constipated
indians use water...
i'd say this video really stinks
I once pooped a turt as big as a child’s arm, I couldn’t sit for the entire day
Who's watching this whilst on the toilet?
you did not mention INDIA for anglo indian toilets usage -_-
I'm watching this on the toilet
scared to crap now
People spend a lot of time on the toilet because they want to finish that video on their phones. Does anyone else watch YouTube on the toilet?
I'm pooping right now
Currently watching while shitting, anyone else??
when you run out of ideas for a video
Why did I want to know this
the harappan civilization was the first civilization to invent and use flush toilet...\nuse missed the fact @infographics
We all all know if your on the toilet for 10 minutes\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTaco Bell is the blame
A good amount of people are watching this on the toilet.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nStop watching this video and wipe already, you're gonna get a numb leg.
I'm pooping right now!
I'm watching this while taking a crap👍
I've seen squat toilets when searching videos, it's pretty weird looking.
1 time a day is to much for me lol
I once used the squat toilet in Kenya. easy for pooping and uncomfortable for the knees
I spend like 5 hours a day in the bathroom
u running out of ideas boi
Never Thought This Vid Would Come Out 0-0
I live in South Africa 🇿🇦
Who's watching this in the toilet...
Dam I don't feel to to poop when there is an anaconda in the toilet
Oh no I clogged the toilet
The way you say poop is amazing...
i watch this while i'm pooping😱
Have you ever ate a cheeseburger while taking a dump?
I just dropped the kids off at he pool
Why...............
Drop the kids off at the pool xD
Actually the Squat toilet is available and used in Iraq.
so you mean that girls poop too? D:\n\n\n\n\noh wait, they are also humans, my mum lied to me...
Perfect i am shiting right now
Why did I clicked on this video
I was going to make a joke but it’s kinda crappy.
The videos require a lot of work, I'm surprised that the channel promises a 3 videos a week now!
I am watching this video as im pooping! XD!
What, who drinks 8 cups of water a day? 4 is fine unless you're working out. Or unless they count the water you take from food, than I would understand. But no needs to drink that much water a day.
Does anyone know what software they use to make the infographics?
Too much fun with the 30 second intro
Why am İ watching this?
That's definitely not average weight
I honestly don't go in with my phone or newspaper when I go in the bathroom because it doesn't take long to come out. Why do people do this?
Please do  if NASA had a 1 trillion dollar budget 
I’ve always pooped once a day, always in the morning. But I took a biology class at my community college, and was totally shamed by everyone telling me they poop after every meal. (That’s why restaurants are required to have restrooms.)
Are you ALREADY running out of ideas?????
What a crappy video\n\n\n\nNot really only for a joke
Yo do a vid on North Korea vs China
Wow u make great content i really enjoy watching ur vids u earned a subscriber!
this video is very shitty
I poo about 5-7 times a day as i have ibs and ibd 💩👌
You've clearly​ never met a 100 lb girl who likes Chipotle 💩💣
I feel disgusted 🤢 I wonder why and I watching wait what am I doing with my life 🤔 Ehh This is my opinion I'm not hating on this but Let's Just finish this video.
Why is this in my recomended? And it is in the Entertainment Section ._.
Dahell? poop once a day? im more like once a week.
We had sit down toilets until 2012
The Infographics Show can u make a video of differences in American and European food... i  mean why US food is so trash packed with chemicals and EU food is better ? :)
Now we are asking real questions.
Sorry to be “that guy”, but I think that last fact of how many litres over your lifetime is off by a factor of 1000. 51,000,000 litres divided by the number of days in 80 years (around 26,000) is still 2000 litres. I think you meant 2000 millilitres?
Think about it. In the future the kids will be even more depressed and stressed because they will have to learn more history. Because things that happen after we go to school....and they will have to study it.
You should do 10 Most Highest Paying Jobs.
Who else is picking up their shit and eating it?
Now that I've been eating healthier I've been pooping 3'xs a day. It's literally impossible to gain weight!
We brits dont call that a toilet roll.\nToilet roll and toilet paper are synonymous.
lol i poop a day in a year
Dogshit turns white when left out in the sun.
💩I just laid down the law.
WTH, The Squat Toilet is Indian and it does have a flushing mechanism.
Who told squat toilet doesn't have any flush mechanisms?? It has everything a western toilet has except it's squat toilet. And ya squat toilets are also found in india as it originated from here
Sick
The browns are going to the super bowl.  \n\nOk I'll stop 😂😂
Alexander Cumming
Pee: I'm gonna make some lemonade\nPoop: Gotta unload the mud
Pakistan dose not have sitting toilets
infographic are you ok ?
It's waz
Militay comparison\nIndonesia and Malaysia
Australian people say dunny
*NO PAJEET JOKES*\n*NO PAJEET JOKES*
Who watched while pooping?
Do sas vs navy seals
im 8n tine
💩💩💩💩 the craps are watching
*flushes the toilet 🚽
Thomas Crapper manufactured toilets
I'm eating..
Release the chocolate hostage....
Alexander Cumming and Thomas Crapper\n\n\nWow
10 most dangerous or weirdest jobs
I'm watching while I'm pooping.
Alexander CUMming
Human.exe has stopped working.
Jeez I gotta poop now
Hey! Guess what I'm sayin':\nVad heter jag?\n😶
ewww we saw a guys genital areas
Video idea top 10 best air defence countries
It honestly baffles me that some people find the motivation to put actual clothes on when they're not going to leave the house
I think my cats would try to eat me if they didn't get fed right away.
You're such a go-getter, I can't beLIEVE how motivated you are. And I/we/your audience can tell that you are this productive all the time because in your daily vlogs you always get so much done. It's honestly amazing and I think you're super rad. You motivate me to quit procrastinating on crap in my life and just get on with it. Keep up the good work, but also don't forget to give yaself a break now and then, too!
Body looks amazing!🙌
I love how motivational this is but realistic too. No, I wake up bright and early then I use these 10 products then I have a bath using this product then I do a 5 mile run blah blah blah. You get shit done whilst still being a babe. Love you Hel. One of my utter faves.
I'm so impressed by how much you do in the morning and by the fact that you get yourself up to workout so early! I can hardly get myself to workout at all. \nAlso, your house is so beautiful! From the wallpaper to the tiling it's stunning.
Dear lord, I class it as a productive day if I get a few of your morning things done 😐\nNeed to get in a routine like this :')
Loved this video Helen! Although I'm so bloody jealous of how productive you are, if it's a work day I wake up about half an hour before I need to leave and if it's the weekend I stay in bed until about midday hahaha
I don't know how you are so productive all the time! 💖
Where are these lace up side jeans from?? They look fab x
the colours are so beautiful
Anyone know what vacuum she has? Thanks xxx
Where are the jeans from !!!!!
New subscriber!! Tidying and cleaning is therapeutic for me also!!
This video is so well done!
I have a double leash for my bubbis too and it's the best!!!!! <3
Where are the jeans from? X
Where did you get those pants?! They are amazing!!
Love this video!! Looks amazing
Love your trousers where did u get them from please ❤️😀
Could you do a video on the best places in Norwich please? I've just moved here for uni and it would be useful to know some of the best places :-) thanks xxx
Helen, this video is amazing! It's like high-production film, so well made. Loving your content as always!
Any small YouTuber's wanna help each other out? 😊❤️
I would love to see a tour of your place. Just seeing bits and pieces makes me want to see the whole thing put together!!!
Your curves are to die for, darling! And your outfit in this video is stunning.
love the colours in this video so much, so PLEASING
I wish I was able to wear no makeup to the gym but my skin is horrible so I always have to wear makeup even if I'm stepping like one step out of the house
I bloody love you.
OMG YOUR HOUSE IS LIKE A DREAAAMMMM <3 I love it !
Where did you get your jeans and top from? Pretty sure I didn’t see them in your misguided haul so just wondering where they were from
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
The push up needs to be in an arrow position rather than a T. If you stick your arms so far out you put unnecessary strain on your shoulders.
I just love your videos Helen. There’s something about you and how you film and edit your videos which makes you so unique. 💖
Omg helen you look fabulous in those jeans and shirt with the fluted sleeves 🔥
Wear is that top from??? does anyone know?? I love it!!
You get a lot done before lunch! I also feel your “pain” with a light colored pet. But the floors aren’t dark the furniture is..lol.
I’m reading Order of the Phoenix at the moment too haha
Ahhhh finally a morning routine again!!! I loved it:)
Your a busy busy bee! 🐝 Leg kick dance when your getting dressed - yes! Agreed living room always looks a mess, always replumping pillows 😂 x
Those trousers while you tidying look very sexy on you Helen! 💛💛
Those jeans look great on you.
were are your pants from? I love them!
Where did you get those jeans?! Love them so muchhh❤
So well shot, love it!
I wish we had decent seasons here 😐. We have stinking hot, hot, cool, a day or two (this year we had two Mondays)  of coldish and uncomfortably hot
THOSE JEANS. I must know where
Where are your jeans from?!!  They are so nice 😍
So disciplined to workout first thing in the morning! but girl you need to have proteinafter your workout or you wont see changes!!
Those jeans on you, Helen!!!! :') <3 <3
Totally off topic but where did you get your couch? Is it comfy? I've been searching for a nice one and I can't seem to figure out what is a good deal. lol
I love your home it's so cool. Luv from California
Great job, Helen! love the quality and effort 💕
The only thing i want to know is how long all of this actually takes you to do 😊 i struggle to get things done in the morning
The bit with Matthew in the morning 😭😭😭 you guys are so cute
Maff is a gem, you’re insanely motivated and inspiring, and my fav part is Lola peeling out on her walk.☺️
Where are those new pants from? 😍
Helen how have I not found your channel before, god you are a breath of fresh air! Loving your videos xx
Fab video! You look absolutely gorgeous 😍 also twinning with those white boots, I absolutely LOVE mine 😍
Does anyone know what camera Helen is using? :o\nI always found it's such great quality hhh
Gotta know where the jeans are from 😍😍😍
Love those jeans, where are they from?
this was so nicely filmed and narrated, it's like the perfect mix of casual and chatty, but still filmed in a professional way yknow
You have such a nice body Helen💜 not to sound like a creepy weirdo lol but you do
Babes that black outfit is banging on you. You have such a nice shape
this is so motivating wow! thank you☺️ i’ve set my alarm for half 5 so i can do yoga in the morning. please do an autumn night time routine ☺️💓
This video is so pretty
Please do a jeans haul! It's so hard to shop for jeans 💖\n\nLoving your morning videos 🖒
I need to take note from this!!! On my days off I struggle to get out of bed before midday - and days when I'm going somewhere I usually give myself half an hour to get ready😩 What sort of time is it usually when you're at the point of makeup done, gym done, editing done etc, & ready to go out and get on with your day? 💖
GOsh I love these kind of videos theyre suuuper entertaining
i don't know what it is about this video, but it was gooooorgeous!! love it
Ahh where did you get your jeans??? They're so nice. Love your vids xx
I leg dance my way through life ;)
Where are your black jeans from? They are so cute.
Them jeans look so good on you!
Love your outfit in this- gorgeous!
You should get a new toothbrush. But other than that cool video, you're very proactive.
This really motivates me to sort out my morning routine and start the day right 😁
Omg your house Is a goal..would you malé housetour?
The way you filmed this video is simply amazing! It's so well done and gives the feeling of a beautiful movie! Everything you do has just the best quality
You're looking great Helen, all that hard work at the gym is showing xx
How is that just one morning?! Looks like a flipping whole day for me
this video is really beautifully shot x
I honesty love morning routines, they are so motivating! This is amazing Helen! <3
Your outfit is bomb!!!! ♥♥
#37 on trending!
loved the video :) <3
Love love love this video!!!!! ❤️
those jeans😍😍
That outfit man <3
Your soo adorable !!!!
much more elegant thanmy morning routine
omg how cute are your pups!!!
Leg kick dance club! 💃
Oh I got the leg kick dance DOWN #thunderthighs 😂
When do you do a jobby?
I NEED that top! Was it in your recent missguided haul because I can't find it online :(
MAFF IS SO SWEET
Love how you stick your finger in the tea haha.  I don't have a routine, I really should.....but most mornings it's: debate whether to shower or not, eat breakfast (a leftover reese's peanut butter cup) LMFAO what is wrong with me??
Pleeeeeease don't use those plastic milk pods for your coffee! They're not biodegradable and they're so so harmful for the environment. Please consider drinking your coffee black (if it's good coffee you'll love it!) or making your coffee by other means. Lovely vid, all the best <3
you already have a morning routine for autumn? girl it's been 2 weeks
PREPARE FOR HOUSE TOURS!!!!!! looking at houses is one of my fav things ever and I'm so excited to bring u along with me!!! also I'm seeing a ton of repeated Qs in the comments - watch til the end hehe
❤️❤️😍😘😍💕😺🎃😻😽🙀🙏🏻😻🤝🙉🙈🐵
pretty
🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Hey hey
House number 4 plezzzzzzzzz
Moosy bear is sooooooooooo cute¡!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I so Happry for chu
my fav is house #1
4
LaurDIY- Houses 1 and 2
Your so pretty
House 1
When you have 5 millions dollars. LOLOOLLLLL
I like house 1
I like house 2
A mossie bear onezie......💕🙌🏼
bruh lauren your so pretty
I love house #4
Why do you need 5 bedrooms haha
I like it
I love  it
House 1
Plz more of alex
PLEASE SELL SOME MOOSIE POPSOCKETS PLZ
☺
Merch
sooooooooooooooo happy for u
Is it moose merch
Okayyyyy 4th house is bomb af\nBut the 1st seems perfect for you also. \nBuuuuttttt the 2nd bathroom sinks holy crap
Are in tyler perry's boo 2
Omg I love the first house plz but it omg it amazing or the 4 house ❤️😂
Is the house just for her because there so huge
I literally just got the same fridge😂
NU ONE SHOULD KILL ANIMALS FOR DECOR!!!
THE ONLY KECHUP FAM WHERE YOU AT
will alex live there?
They were all so cute!
What about Alex why isn't he moving with u and won't that like separate u guys 😰😰😰😰😰😨😨😨😨😨
Get a trampoline in the backyard
your hair i beautiful it matches your eyes so well
i bet it is moose merchandise. like if you agree
House #1 was definitely my favorite❤️❤️❤️
I’m honestly so jealous
I wish I had as much money😞
From where do u get money ?
1st house is just right for you lauren
Lauren: What should I do with two living rooms \nMe: give one to Alex.....
Laurdiy my birthday was on oct 4th
Are u gonna live with Alex!!!!😃
I wish I was rich and could afford houses like that like you.
In my country, we call that textured wall in your living room Smart Art
like if Lauren would make the best mom in the world
ugh so nice! But I'd get either the 1st or the 4th but I think my favorite it the last one. YOU SHOULD GET THE FOURTH ONE ITS GORGEOUS!!<3 Geez u must be really rich. lol
I think the first house is my favorite
Omg Laurens hair is so on point it's sooo pretty! ❤😄😍
i think i liked house 2 the best
Woah.. I have a name necklace too with my name. Twinning 💜
The 4th house looks like the team 10 house a little
I wish you still had blonde
12:35 it's for me and mussseeee 😂😂😂 the way she said that was so adorable 😍😍
I personally like the first house better and you can just make a whole diy living room!!!
0:05 I'm good how are you?
I like the last house
i WANT house number 1
Lauren just buy all of the houses since you don't know what house to pick
LaurDLY can you be my friend
Doesn't get any COOLER than that! Refrigerator joke 😂
You should buy house number one was a dream
*does adulting and finds house*\n\n*dances around in hotdog costume*\n\nwow the dream life right there
U should make a stuffies room
SHE SHOULD GIVE MOSEY A ROOM!
Omg Lauren said my name in a hotdog
You're so pretty
You should make the extra living room with a diy room
That  day  is my birthday
Love u lauren! 𗀃U are amazing!
I love the first house
THE HOUSES ARE AMAZING MY GOD
Man that man is non stop!
OMG i didn't even know there was touch screen fridges! that's so awesome 😎
I like when you said Buying houses you got really close to the camera 😂 that's me on a spiritual level.I love you !
I love the 2nd house!
i moved houses on the saturday before last saturday i finally have my own room!!!!
MOVE TO A HOUSE IN TORRANCE. HOUSES HERE R GREATTTT❤️
U should get house num 2
If I were you I would buy house 2  or 3
I like house tour # 1
I thought she just moved into a new apartment only a few months ago
Is Alex still living in la?
i'm so happy for you laur! Cograts!! Even though the fourth house was a close second choice i think the second house is best for you.Good luck finding your house it will be amzing
Lauren the first house is DOPE #soJelous love it xxxxx
Am i the only one who thinks that House 5 look like the Team 10 house?\n(edit: The backyard look like the Phineas and Ferb set😂)
What happened to her and Alex?
Yay!!!! Congrats and I'm so happy to see your growth 💕💕💕
every one talking about Mr. Kate decorating a room in her home...y'all this is Laur D I Y we're talking about. I would love to see her do tons of her own DIY's and give her place a personality. DIYQueen duh.
lauren you didn't tell s that you were playing in the movie boo 2
I got an add where u and Alex play in BOo 2
never mind I don't know witch one to pick
Go to Alisha's neighborhood and see if they have any houses because her house is perfect!
I am going to post some short videos on Instagram (@ChrisFixit) answering some questions like if I was able to make a U-turn instead of a K-turn now. Also I am almost at 100k followers on Instagram so be sure to follow! Once I hit 100k I am doing a giveaway of ChrisFix swag with 7,000 winners!!!
I can't stop watching!!\nToo much knowledge wtf
Please get some rear spacers please
Chris
-sharper turns- *_MAD DRIFTING ANGLE_*
Love your bids😆💓
#darya salih
Your very helpful
Make a video on how to fix peeling paint!
I have a video idea:\n\n“ Best Tool Brands For The Job “
How to use a twerk wrench
im from the philippines i love chrisfix channel i learned a lot!!! thanks chris!!!
do a how to super clean interior.\nlike if you agree
hey Chris what if you car never had a air conditioning but have a place to put a air conditioning how you go about putting one in a car
Chrisfix how many yeas did you go to college to be a mechanic??
Amazing! Can you make a video about fixing seat upholstry? And adding horsepower? You are a living legend! Thank you for all the top quality content!
Hi Chris what is a really good fuel additive to run through your car?
man finally new video. Next one must be sooner
Please make a video on what you keep in your car at all times.
Thanks to your tirod video I successfully did my outer tirods it was my first fix and the alignment was almost spot on acording to the shop🖒
OK AOUSM
Bro stop being smart
ROLL CAGE ON YOUR MASTANG!!!!!!!!!!!!
Editing is freaking sooo cool. Amazing.
Shopping cart angle
Fiesta sharp turn mustang tiny bit sharp turn
Hey Chris when are you going to do the suspension vid?\n\nEdit:I also think it would be nice if you did a drifting video. (Not trying to rush your u at all)
Hey Chris! Loving the channel I've been subscribed for months, I'm loving this mustang build! Just wished you'd post more often ): I wanna see more of what's happening and what you have planned for the drift stang!
HEY GUYSSSS “CHRIS FIX HERE” and TODAY IM GOING TO SHOW YOU lololol. No one does is like you do! LOVE IT and just for gigs, i was able to see your face in one of the videos😂😂😂
Can you do a carburetor video. I'm sure some people have old car/truck projects that would help
Be careful when doing this. The wires in the steering column to the steering wheel may not like the extra strain. Most cars should have extra and shouldn't be a problem but that's not something you want to find out the hard way you're wrong about.
Are you uploading today cos your online
Whyyyy do you only post like once a monthhh
Could you do a video about how you make your videos?  Like, could you show me how you got the video segment from 1m 42s to 2m 05s?
Hey Chris!  I found the long lost twin of your truck!  Ummm, he's not doing so well! Check him out...\n\nhttps://youtu.be/21Qol-hL8uM
My sub box said this was uploaded five hours ago, so I looked at it and thought I was going insane because I was sure I'd seen it before. Of course, instead of five hours ago, it was actually uploaded 6 days ago
My wife took off the limiters to my wallet years ago!!!
Thx for the tip at the end I was wondering what that noise was in my truck
Now u need a wide body kit for that crowd killa👌👌👌
Next vid please how to install a supercharger
Can you do a video on how to install a turbo or supercharger? (Preferably on the DriftStang :))
Hey Chris I know this is off topic but I wanted to make sure you would see the question: what is your opinion on BAR'S LEAKS power steering and transmission repair fluid?
It's amazing to see how much you've done to this car considering that it had been sitting for a long time. The car is now a celebrity!
Hey Chris, could you do a fix video on noisy truck/car windows. Have some wind coming in my windows and it’s terribly annoying.
THIS IS AMAZING XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD its really good as always.
Chris, can you make a how to drive manual video?
So when is the I'm going to fix the dent in my father's car coming?
Honestly, when I am bored and go on youtube, I look for a new video from you, or i re watch old ones over and over again. Love the videos, keep up the amazing work!!!
I just wanted to say, thank you!\nMy crown Victoria would still be a piece of shit if it wasn’t for you!
Completely off topic, Chris what are my options for upgrades on my stereo in a 2017 Malibu
so if you're removing spacers to get more angle, why do some cars need rack spacers to get more angle? i can't get my head around it
Does this Mustang have reverse Ackerman geometry? Both times when he measures the steering angle, it shows a bigger angle when the wheel is the outside wheel than when it is the inside wheel. \n\nUnless the rack just has more movement one way than the other!
are you going to the YouTube callout by streetspeed717?
Does anyone know how to make my turning signals louder? I just got my grandpas '96 Chevy s10, and the clicking sound is so hard to hear, it's almost silent. It's annoying cause I keep thinking I forgot to put my signal on
Make videos more often 👌 tired of waiting for the one or two videos per month lol
Chris you should do a video on undercoating!
there's a 99% chance I'll never do this to my car but I enjoy watching your videos
yooo may u do a video about car that start and after few sec dies ?? i need a solution ahm one engineer told me that this happens when the car was not started in few years but i wanna be sure that it cant be from other thing.
Could you do a video on a 90-99 Mazda Miata
Space those back wheels to the arch looks horrible at the moment
Are you going to install a racing steering wheel
thanks for this video. I have been trying to increase my steering angle. this video was very helpful for me.
how do you learn all of this stuff its crazy man your the best
Great video! It might be worth mentioning that (at least in my country) it is illegal to drive with the edges of the wheels wider than the car body, which it looks to be after you installed the spacers. Your YouTube channel is IMHO the most informative one ever, amazing content - keep it up! Wishing you lots of awards and plenty of cash for what you're doing!
I searched your videos and saw you haven't done how to change brake hose so if you would do that it would be nice :)
This kid is so impressive, a real go-getter.
Hey Chris can u do a q&a. I think a lot of us got some questions for u including me
I just deleted the sway bars and bought negative offset rims.
My 2000 toyota corolla does an excellent job when it comes to turns, but my 2011 chevrolet impala sucks! I hate the chevrolet impala, plus I have to spend more on gas. I used to perpendicularly reverse park easily with the corolla, but now I have to turn before I perpendicularly reverse park with the impala. When I was driving the corolla I would wonder why do people turn before they park? I thought It was just because they're lazy (and that may be the case), but now I understand. They can't make sharp turns. Like my corolla could. I will say the Impala is a bit faster but every car has its advantages and disadvantages. I don't like impalas though. I would (and am going) to sell it for another car, a ws6 trans am.
Great job Chris !\ngreetings from Israel :)
Chris i have a old 4wd but it keeps over heating my 4wd is n dedicated rock crawler please show me how to install a electric radiator fan plz
When the rack in my V6 2000 Mustang went out, I thought I was gonna be a little badass and buy myself an 04 Cobra terminator steering rack, and man lemme tell ya there went ALL my turning radius. Seriously considering this mod, since the bump stops in my 04 CObra rack are for much wider tires than stock 00 V6 tires and wheels
I think I fell in love with cars by watching your videos
He's making a wheel spacer/adapter video.  _YES_
When are you going to install the roll cage
Chris goes above and beyond to explain things in his videos, literally. The drone footage was a nice touch. Kudos mi amigo.
Can you drift next ep
Hey man.whats up ?I'm just one of your followers and I was wondering if you can help me with something.... today I was putting some brake fluid in my car but for accident I didn't read and it was the steering fluid... what I did was I took it out immediately with syringe and I took a little bit more that what put... it was just like 1 to 2 oz of steering fluid... my question do you think that's gonna cause any damage ?? I haven't use the car
How hard/easy is it to put new alloys on your car?
You should make a video on how to put a wrap
Hey Chris.. need a bit of an advise. I hear a clinking noise from the right front underneath my car. Have taken it to 3 shops and they all say they can't spot anything wrong and that the suspension is all good... What can I do next.. ? Any thoughts?
Is there something loose in the front end? At 2:08-2:10 when he is stopping the whole wheel shifts compared to the car. But in a side to side action...give the car the back to back movement when stopping.
Thanks Chris fix this helped my rx8 because the angle isn’t the best on it
Hey Chris! Would you happen to have a video on fixing a parking brake that's mounted down by the pedals? Like one that's in a 92 GMC Jimmy. If not, could you make a video on it? My Jimmy's parking brake lever is broken
Seriously need to do this on my K74 L200 😂
Chris, you are an absolute star, really I swear you have helped me through so much on my car, all the best!
Could you do a video, how to improve windows open/close. My get a little bit stuck while opening HELP :)
Was watching your video on gaining steering angle and noticed something. Former tire tech here in Ohio. L9ng story short, take a wire grinder to the back of your rims where they meet your wheel spacers, then have them rebalanced. That oxidation can cause a bad balance, and more importantly, can cause your lugnuts to loosen via vibrations. Alot of tire shops don't do it. We do alot of high value cars, aka bmw's, vette's, benz's, etc. We're the only tire shop for 3 hrs drive that most bring theirs in for us to work on. Just trying to help, faithful follower here!!!
More videos on the stang Chris!!! Pleeeeaaassseee!!!
Can you make a video of cleaning windows not the windshield
You're awesome Chris! No matter what the Junkie says, keep on keepin on! Cheers
liked for the visuals
That CardAngelBoard was giniuns👍👍
Just got my first car so I'm binge watching ChrisFix
Hey guys!\nMy mom has a 2004 Suzuki Wagon R+.\nThis morning it started making weird noises, and in the afternoon it stalled. At the beggining it runned for a couple of seconds then stalled, now it won't even start, but it is trying. I think there  is a problem the fuel pump.\nAny suggestions? I don't want to change out the fuel pump, its too complicated for me.
I thought I knew everything, but sure did not know this - THANKS! Very helpful channel. How'd you get that amazing camera angle from above???
You need to gut your interior
Oh a Honda Civic you need 2.5 lanes to make a u turn crazy.
hi christ how are you great channel I got a question I will replace my ecu to my civic 94 manual transmission I got the new ecu for that job but I do not know if I got to reprograming the new ecu ,the new ecu was took out from a use car same to my car but in good condition please can you give me an idea about that my best wishes to your channel and your work brother have a nice day
You need to start to make more video, ur sub is getting more and more, if u don't start make more video u'll loose them.
I suggest going to life-otg.com for makeup !
French 💯
frenchhh
FRENCH !!!!
You're soo pretty 😍
*goes to watch Violette_fr*
Dab not wipe on your premier on derp
Legit Team French!
Her lash curler is goals
So pretty
French ❤️
I 💜 both
Both makeups are so beautiful!!
I love your lips. 💕💋
Woah! I need that eyeliner 🙏🏻😱
French... 😍
i like french
french makeup looks more classy 👌
great idea!
French
Please do Sweden
AMERICAN🖤🖤🖤
The french side brings out her hazel eyes
Proof that men like dragqueens? Love the French side but it's hard to spoil a face this pretty.
Hi, I'm French. I do not agree with everything you say about the French makeup, but you understood the idea and it suits you very well ! :D
I like the French side! Great video!
This was so interesting! I love the French side but I'm definitely somewhere in between
She looks like a French woman WTF. This gives me life
I do agree that French side similar to Korean make up except the brow
I prefer the French
French all the way....
Hmmm.... I’m American and I certainly don’t do all of the “extra”. My make-up is more subdued, I guess like the French side. I suppose in the end it’s whatever makes you happy.
I like your tutorial...  both sides are beautiful ... as an American, I love both looks ❤️. You are the best ! \nNicki .
I’m American and I usually do my makeup more similar to the French style plus a wing.
I’m French you’re look is good but now some girls do the American makeup. The French girls does both. ☺️
Giiirl you're so so beautifuuul!!😍 I like French side more 😊
Wow I've been doing French make up this entire time lol!
Veronica Lodge is that you??
what contacts is she using?? they look so natural
i used to change my brow shape bc trends & instagram, u know, but i don't anymore. \ni'm so in love w/ how natural i keep my brows. \nthis being said, i think the french side is truly gorgeous & so elegant. \ni'm taking tips.
For the french side, do you use the tinted moisturizer  ON TOP of your daily moisturizer, or do you use it IN PLACE of your daily moisturizer? Thanks! Awesome vid!
The french one looks cuter 😱❤
French is stunning it looks less textured
IDEK why but you look a lot like Karen from iamkareno seriously
I think you look beautiful with both, however I think the French makeup suits you best because it brings out your natural look if that makes any sense.
Never realized I had been doing my makeup like one of your French girls
Love this!!! We are so extra but I love it! I love that everyone is different tho. Congratulations on your makeup line! That's awesome!
Your skin on the American side is much more textured than the French side that looks smooth. I guess I'll do my foundation as light as possible then xD
I like both sides
You rock every look! Beautiful!
french side looks really good!
My nose is not a countour fit, it is thin and big. So my makeup ends up being all out on the eye and lips...
I love the French side I am 42 so I want fir of the natural look
I honestly dunno why I like the french :3
I love this oh my gosh both soooo pretty
i like the French side a lot more😄 but really just do your makeup how ever you want 👌
I absolutely love the eyebrow on the French side. I'm not a fan of the blocky, sharpie eyebrow on the American side. Other than that I appreciate both looks.
Please make a full makeup tutorial of just the French makeup side?
Thats interesting. My everyday make up is a french style treatment with a bold eye.
I always do the french but its cheaper soo
I'm sorry unsubscribe ......... What does it matter American French or whatever just look thru your comment section and understand that you just end up causing drama and division among the women.  ARE WE ALL NOT SISTERS wearing makeup should be fun weather it's heavy or natural and you just saying that  we are just extra  really ..........
The French side caught my eye in the thumbnail so I had to check it out.   You are so gorgeous.
i really like the french side
I like French make up better💕its so beautiful but American make up is just WAYYYY to much
That was amazing! You look beautiful in both! So happy to have found your channel 😘
I love how romantic and flirty the French look is.
Go big or  go home American is my fav and if I want natural I do nothing so when I put makeup on I like the cake lol
it's true french girl like makeup more natural kisses frome france
This was so interesting to learn about; thank you so much!
people from anywhere besides the US must think we're insane
I'm suddenly French 😍😭
I love the French side
I love french makeup so much more, it’s so elegant.
I like parts of both. I like the french eyes but i like the contour on the American side.
I like the French one I think
French people are here 😌
lol i am French and its so true we never contour I have noooo friend who contour at all we just bronze sometimes but usually it's just mascara, filling brows, BB cream, finish powder, chapstick, and that's all lol
French side is so bold and it accentuates the natural beauty & features you already have. Love ! So inspiring ✨💓
French ! But it‘s really a little bit like Korean
The french makeup is probably the prettiest look I've ever seen on youtube!
Damn you could make a drinking game with the amount of times she calls Americans 'extra'
I love the French :D
When you only watch this for the french side
the french side all the way
lol that moment when Yves Saint Lauren (YSL) is from France
I like the French makeup
I respect how all countries do make up but I prefer American.
I'm definitely more of a French girl lol
The French one is definitely revealing your true beauty, the American one is hiding it over a TOOOON of makeup
A really decent eyeliner on the french side and i would absolutely love it
Is it weird that I live in America and mostly do “french makeup”?
I LOVED this video. I honestly prefer the French side. I personally don't like wearing a lot of makeup, it feels heavy to me. Both were very beautiful looks.
I prefer the French side
why do they compare to a continent against a country?
French side is beautiful but the American side requires more skill. Not everyone can blend like that without practice. You look beautiful either way 👌🏽
I'm french and its true, i dont use brushes or beauty blenders, I use my fingers for almost everything !!
I really like the natural look of the french side but I gotta say I appreciate the artwork the american make up has!\nSometimes I don't need the natural, I need the fun and art :D
I love the French makeup on this! 😍 so beautiful 😚
The french is better❤
I guess I'm the only one who likes the american side more😆
THIS IS SOON GONNA THE NATIONAL ANTHEM 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why did they blur f*ck but didn't blur shit?
So Eminem is so washed out he has to use trump to get votes
He, says Jesus, who is not with me is against me.
Pathetic. Listening to this degenerate taking the moral high ground - a good laugh though.
Eminem has sparked a revolution. More celebrities, millionaires, billionaires CEO's , entertainers, athletes, politician's should come together. They should ALL come together and for 1 day or 1 Week and Every platform they have via social media or television should scream their disapproval of the president. They shouldn't do it in a PC way but truly say how they feel.
Seems its about time for people of USA to unite and fight bridges not walls
This sucked plain and simple.\nI dont care about Trump,hes not my president\nAnd Eminem is my favorite rapper but this didnt feel right, somethings off...\nI just didnt feel this and I have been listening to this guy for over 10 years
he's a punk ass bitch
It's was shit and I'm 33 Frank
goo Eminem, even though I don't live in the USA I agree with Eminem all the way
So are we supposed to be intimidated by the fatherless black thugs in the background if we are white republicans?  I love it!!
Eminem not as good as he once was but still 100% better than the whack rappers of this generation
What do people want. What the hell did Donald Trump do to everybody. He's only one man that has to run the U.S. What the hell did Obama do?
He used to be controversial. Now he's the on the side of the dominant culture. Sad
I find this offensive
Just in case you didn't know, Eminem has actually dissed Bush in his song Mosh. So no, it's not the first time he gets into politics.
You ever see some shit so dumb that you can't even respond properly? Like, you got to deadass sit back and think... damn, this person really thought this out somehow, like in their heads? -My reaction whenever Trump supporters utter words
It seem like everybody is hating what he said the man is speaking up for what's right all of you Trump supporters are the only ones who is hating the freestyle
This is so bad
I’m waiting for South Park to do something with this lmao
Soon somebody makes a beat for this n we gonna hear a nice track 😎
That Buick Grand National is on drag radials 😍
this is just frickin stupid . Like Eminem is a good judge of the world. What a bunch of trash seriously!!!
where was he as OBAMA had dropped the bombs. 26000 bombs just in 2016 that's 3 bombs an hour crazy world and he got  the Nobel Peace Prize
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand this diss track.
Eminem: *he's Gunna get rid of all immigrants*\n*He's gunna build dat thang up taller dan this*\nLol Eminem kills me 😂
What a piece of shit moron wigger. Who cares what that idiot has to say about anything? Your rap sucks like all rap. Just do what you do best. Bend over and suck dick 🖕🏻
always loved marshall but that shit sucked ouch...fukn slayer!
>When you try to diss Trump, but you stumble over your own words constantly and have to pause for 5 seconds every 10 seconds, but you're the Rap God.
thanks eminem ,i am from iran ,,,trump is a stupid man
This should be illegal because Em' just raped a person to the ground
Hahaha this is the worst freestyle rapping I've ever heard. I don't care that it's about Trump. It's just sad.
1:20 Except when it comes to having the balls to go against me you hide them... Just gotta say Trump tweets about everything the second it happens. It's been like 3 days since this video came out and no response from Trump. I'm just going to let Eminem finish this 1:25 Cause, you don't got the f*ckin nuts like an empty asylum...
Guess who's back?!
I can’t wait for his album
IF EMINEM WASN'T RAP GIFTED MULTI MILLION AIRE AND JUST A GUY NAMED MARSHALL FROM DETROIT WHO'S UNEMPLOYED BECAUSE HIS CONGRESSMAN AND SENATORS MADE A DEAL WITH MEXICO FOR CHEAPER LABOR AND KICKBACKS I THINK YOU MIGHT SEE HIM AT A TRUMP RALLY
i doubt this actually has 779k likes highest liked comment has 340 likes lul
u can tell this was straight off the top
You know the rap is trash when the rapper uses the word 'Orange'
All i have to say is anyone who pressed the dislike button on this video got buttyhurt 😂😂😂😂 typical trashy trAmp supporters 😂😂👌👌👌 Eminem spitting bars BOY.!!! 🍻🍻🍻🍺
What a loser you are Em..............https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2HwCLm92ns
All my friends love Eminem, and I have to say that I love this rap.
This is sad. Wasn't expecting Eminem to jump on the not my America bandwagon. But then again he does have a new album coming out in 30 days. Trying to get sales? This is the one album I won't buy from him. If your saying chose a side..... the President of America or Eminem???? Easy lol
I am with you honey my fist balled up. I love you and appreciate your stand. Be real keep it real thank you for speaking for us ❤️
I don't know if this is bad, or just different to his songs and therefore I have no freaking clue.
This comment section be toxic af like GAW DAYUM! I’m in the middle on this shit tbh. I ain’t an Eminem fan nor am I a trump supporter. But the most annoying part so far is Eminem dick riders like just stop... 😑🙄🤦🏾‍♂️
The white is speaking and the blacks are staying quiet. RACIST!
Wtf this sounds like shit feels bad he can only rap 2 sentences in a minute
This is the shittiest dis track ever 😂
You ask America to stand up sorry but I think they are too busy taking a knee..........
Awww, thats sad. Look at him trying to stay relevant. Nothing that he said was even intelligent.\nI suppose that's the game,  when they start losing their fame,  old white rappers get lame, and they, start placing the blame...... I could do this shit all day.... rap is  stupid and easy. Just like hating the president.
Whether you like or hate Trump, you gotta admit that this rap was garbage especially compared to Eminem's other raps. It has nothing to do with it being arcapella either, it just sucked as a rap XD
Kid Rock needs to slap this BITCH !!!
how to loose any respect you ever had in 4:35 minutes....\nhow sad and kinda awkward that was.
Trump is the new counter culture, the anti-politician. Kind of like Eminem used to be. Now he supports the establishment. Just a washed up, ignorant punk.
All these white people be like wtf dude I liked u until u did this
It don't feel right
BET by definition is racism at work.  Why to keep people devided.
Love how all the of trump supporters and just general haters of Eminem continue to comment on his videos like it's going to change anyone's opinion or even his 😂😂😂
If he gets an award for that, they should give out awards to everyone. Oh yeah they do...
Slim daddy🤤🤤🤤😂
I Died 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
You mad bro?
didn't knew mortals could spit fire
What a fucktard.
enema man
Hmmmmmm....... deep or disingenuous?................. jury out....
Nation anthem
Stay retired MNm.
Disgusting video
Cringe
I missed eminem
goo.gl/sKApKR Subscribe Me Please ♥
Imagine Trump responding with a diss track
Nice buick!
https://youtu.be/zeh_lParDJY
We all eminem.
... DONALD TRUMP ... COVFEFE POT ... PROBABLY NOT ...
Stfu ur trying to act tuff and ur censoring yourself
art, schmart...whata putz
Eminem is FINE DAMN❤️❤️❤️
A good man!
https://youtu.be/J-VSIBPNYU4
Eminem is gay
My ears came so hard!
The rap GOD.
This shits still number 1 on trending?!?
Eww
Slim shady to a baller shady
new video dropping today https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LFkY33LZpo
Eminem,harvey weinstine ,Hitlary cunton/ bill rapest cunton, approve this message..
Who is m&m ?
Dead to me.
#blacklivesdontmatter
Eminem is right!
Eminem for president
Another illuminati pupet says what he need to say
Eminem has great talent. However,I am a believer of God that will be going to the Miltary to serve my Country that I love. These two things put me in a certain state of mind...The way to unite is not to condemn those who are against us .God will take care of that , the battle is already won. We must speak truth but in doing that let's show President Trump that we have a high standard for his Job title . We can't show him this by disrespecting him because he is still currently the leader of our Country ,Commander in Chief. We have to remember that our children's children will see what this generation of people in these times did and say just like we look at times before us. Let's start a movement of change  that represents who we want to be in this country and what we want our country to look like . Division from those who don't think like us by using words of hate is just as bad and can't create a world more of unity . Love creates love . Hate can't create love.
I am from Germany I undenderstand not much but Eminem fucked Trump 💪💪💪🔥🔥🔥🔥 💯💯💯
Miss Carrie Fisher, but so glad to see that the princess lives on!
Only here you can get the original link alternative, to watch Star Wars: The Last Jedi () Full Movie Streaming Online here\nWatchnow ☛ https://goo.gl/2mjtFr Let's get it now. do not miss this..
Why does everyone here think REY will turn, when she's been consistently good throughout the entirety of The Force Awakens? Kylo on the other hand is clearly struggling with the dark and light within him, both in TFA and in this trailer. His chance of turning is MUCH higher.
If only we can forget about the abomination prequels.
One has to go:\nBattlefront 2\nLast jedi\n\nWhich do you keep?
The soundtrack is gonna be lit🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
so he is her father too i assume xD
Why make is so obvious that Kylo Ren/Ben Solo is going to turn on Snoke? I mean, maybe this trailer is perfectly crafted and you tricked me good but that's what it seems to indicate to me.
Kylo Ren is reaching out to finn. Phasma is going to kill Rose , Finn is is going to go into a rage and kill phasma releasing force abilities. Killing out of emotion is the biggest step to the darkside(Anniken). Kylo was planning on striking Finn down but feels the dark side in him from the anguish and instead of killing him, he reaches out to guide him . Look at the scenes , they both are the only two with falling fire. We all know star wars made it aware finn can feel the force and is emotional . Thats a straight path to the darkside .
# 3 trending in the U.K. Not bad 😀
I love Kylo as a villain \n\ntears the second Carrie came on screen...
A ton of Kylo unmasked..this is starting to make me think Kylo is actually the hidden protagonist to this new series, and maybe Rey will be the one who gets truly corrupted. The scene with him punching the wall is probably after he failed to kill his mother. Realizing in that moment he's not as evil as he thought he was. The funny thing is that makes him even more like Vader.
I see your baby Groot and raise you a PORG! ;)
what a spoiler but great trailer!!
I don't think its a starwars movie without Han Solo or Yoda 🤔
The story of how a man spent 5 years vaping, but his daughter still managed to find him.
Is this movie connected with rogue one in terms of story?
half of this won't even be in the movie
Looks like the product of a video game engine overlaid with human actors here and there.   Anyone with a game engine can make  a movie like this except for the overlay human actors part, LOL
Just here to say. Star Wars fans what happens when somebody says 'I hate Star Wars' in front of your face? Because I'm too scared to say anything when it comes to Star Wars hehe.
Disney tourtured george Lucas for control of Lucas films and they continue to threaten his from speaking with body guards. Just like Harvey Weinstein Disney execs are forcing people silence. Do not support this film!
First his father, now his mother.
95% of the views may or may not be me MAY
Anyone notice BB-8 say, Oh Wow, like Owen Wilson
But where is Donald glover???
I think that most of the trailer is taken from the first half of the film because of Rey in her same clothes and hair from the end of TFA and not the new style from TLJ and also Kylo Ren's scar not fully healed in most shots.
Doesn't look as good as Phantom Menace or Attack of the Clones but way better than Force Awakens
Here are regular atats next to and inbetween the gorilla walkers
I miss the song😢
I hope lando is the one piloting the falcon, that would be the best
They literally changed every character. There good movies but I want the old characters.
I don't like trailers. They're loud, obnoxious, and they spoil everything. Not like you.
I cannot wait for this . This film will be epic !
Pretty sure Leia will die. Since her actor died last year. Might as well kill her off like how they did it for brian O connor and Paul Walker
Anyone else slowly going crazy because this won't come out already?
#1 trending in australia and also my birthday was on star wars international day ;)
4 days still number 2 on hot
the best star wars ......... trailer ever
Why does Kylo have a partially mesh face in the ship but when he confronts Rey he just has thin scars?
4 days in The Trends OMG no.4
SPOILER\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLuke Skywalker speaks in this movie!
Number 1 on trending in Australia
OMG Alola Vulpix!\nBTW screw you Disney, what a load of spoilers
Finn vs Brienne of Tarth, yes please.
Kyloren will betray her (guess)
Meh
Still #1
DAMN🤔👏🏻🖖🏻👨🏻‍💻snoke🥚
Cant wait😱
I guess im unavailable December 15th
Star Wars!
Rey learns to earthbend hell yes
#1 trending in Australia
bISH
I just pooped my jar jar binks underwear
tiddies.
Sounds like fast & furious 8
#3 TRENDING THE NETHERLANDS!
•.•
WOW!!!!
Stay on target...
I shat my pants
R A W
Soundtrack is pure beauty...
Profesor Snape Jr 😂😂
R.I.P Carrie Fisher, we miss you <3
OMG
Kake :)
Porg lives matter
espectacular ya estoy esperando dia a dia
Me gustaba mucho StarWars hasta que aparecieron estas últimas dos versiones, muy malas que no tienen nada de original es decir: un antagonista malo vestido de negro con capucha bueno para la espada, una héroe que se estrena y se las sabe todas y un personaje rescatado del pasado. Es solo una Película para fanáticos de la saga que la encuentran buena de todas maneras.
Que pasó Star wars...antes eras tan chevere  ahora te parece a dragón Ball gt
No han solo there...
MY BABY KYLO
THIS LOOKS INSANE
21000 Kylo Ren and Snoyk :D
YES!
Kylo needs some milk!
O
Skellig Michael
SOLD
If u are a star wars fan like this
Star Wars Fans Hit Like! 👍
Looks terrible. Rogue 1 was the only good one so far.
hey guys, my like high-score, is about, idk 25\ncan we beat it before this is off trending?
Bought my tickets anyone else?
WHO Believes STr Wars is better than STar Trek,Me Who else?
SPOILER ALERT! Newly leaked screencaps of the script reveal Rey's last name is Cena. As in John Cena. The elite soldier warrior of the WWE. Which explains why she is unable to lose. So awesome seeing the crossover we've always wanted! The Star Wars Universe meets the WWE Universe!! Thank you Donald Trump. #MAGA
WAIT DOES REY TURN TO THE DARK SIDE???????
some one please tell me that Rey will not join the Dark Side????
Darth Borg
The story picks up where the last film left off, with resistance fighter Rey (Daisy Ridley) seeking the tutelage of Luke on the planet Ahch-To, where he has exiled himself.\n\nThe Empire Strikes Back, anyone?
Roll Up Roll Up Get Your Tickets For The Brand New Disney Movie Star Wars The Last Jedi.
Alright so I call it. Finns is definitely going to die and Kylo Ren or Ben solo is going to get his hand chopped off
Im really confused rn
i  saw   RAW~~~~!!!!  (as in WWF)
What if Kylo's actually Rey's dad?
NOBODY is talking about that cute little alien dude and it’s triggering me hardcore.
They're going to become grey Jedi, because people love moral relativism and ambiguity for some reason.
He's gonna kill his mother, too???
This is one of the many reasons I love Seth. You can tell he doesn't even think it's funny, he's just disgusted.
Or it could have also just been a joke. I'm not saying it was, but the humorous potential of an old,white,rich and influential man as potentially preying on younger women exists even if they don't do it.
Between The Orville being pretty good and this, Seth McFarlane is making big strides in making up for the continued existence of Family Guy!
He's calling out to fame diggers as much as Weinstein. The girls who do sexual favors or keep silence for their reputation or just as worst as the offender.
This isn't him calling out Weinstein this is him making a fat joke. You don't have to pretend or indicate in any way attraction to someone to have them sexual harass or assault you. Unsurprisingly, McFarlane deserves no brownie points nor did he do anything to actually call attention to the truth, although he of course may not have known the extent of it.
And the award for making Helen hunt look attractive goes to no one,    ever.
This joke doesn't reference Weinstein being a sexual predator.  All these comments, which aren't Russian bots, about how everyone knew, are crazy.  Everyone did not know he was an accused rapist.  And everyone did not know he used his position to power play sexual assault and threaten people with career death.   The people who knew were the victims, and their voices were scattered or not yet on the record.  Suddenly everyone in Hollywood is an omniscient entity?  What dribble.  Like Cosby, or Trump, the extent of the abusive behavior is understood only when the floodgates open.\n\nIf this had been known first and then people voted Weinstein for president of the United States, that would be a different story.  The hypocrisy of these new false weasely Republicans is epic.
Harvey!!!! Dude how many child stars  have you put your hands up there dress?  Fuck face, or 2 faced shit bag.  How is your God Roman P.  I Cant understand how you Hollywood shits holes can stand up for rapists, that get an Oscar for raping a 13 year old girl at the time.  We all know the fucker did it.  At the same people put down Mr. Trump.  Whats the matter he would not back up Hollywood RAPISTS?  No wonder Hollywood loves that Cunt Hillary.
Seth Macfarlane has the most wonderful voice and face
The fact that everyone laughed cause they knew it was a thing... Absolutely disgusting.
He told us first
I wouldn't call making a casual joke about women having to put up with his sexual harassment for decades, calling Harvey Weinstein out. More like making something disgusting seem like no big deal.
The just inquisition\n\nFirst it was the silicon valley\nNow it's Hollywood
I'm not shocked at all, this kind of shit has been going on since the golden age of Hollywood and is still going on. You think celebrities are going to speak up against perverted Hollywood producers and executives? Celebs who knew are not scared no one will believe them; they're scared that it may jeopardize their image and careers. They all fucking knew and its reprehensible.
His face after he dropped the Weinstein joke showed he wasn’t kidding
Sad how long they knowly let that monster abuse his power and yet preach about women empowerment.....while forcing women to remain silent. #hypocrites
Who is the woman
Seth knows all the secrets, remember Bruce Jenner is a beautiful, beautiful woman, before anyone knew!
so glad this vid is blowing up
I wonder where are all the pedophiles hiding at ? If this is done to adults I can only imagine what they do to the kids!!!! Bastards
Next time Hollywood tries to talk about having the moral high ground remember this. \nRemember all the people who knew about this man and what he did. \nRemember the fact that this was an open secret. \nRemember every single one of the women who come forward and the similarities in their stories. \nRemember that Hollywood is made up of over inflated egos peppered with predators. \nRemember that some of these women lured other women to him.\nRemember that they protect each other for money and frame. \nRemember that they allowed this man to do this for years and that there are more in the business like him.
A Joke? Should have called him him out to authorities
Can anyone tell me who is that beauty standing next to seth?
So, why does this shit take so long to surface? They were telling priest jokes before that scandal FINALLY hit in 2001. And when are Corey Feldman's claims going to be taken seriously?
If he knew why didn't he care enough to consider getting the law envolved??? All of these celebrities are crappy examples of humanity
See people are saying this wasn't an open secret in Hollywood but it clearly was
A lot of people comment on how they've let this go on and on for so long. Harvey Weistein was a powerful man in the Hollywood industry. A lot were manipulated, shut-up, and scared. It just took one known name to come out and say something for others to feel confident to speak up. Better late than never I say but yes, of course, 10 or 20 years ago would have better. Get these names out there Hollywood! This has gone on long enough!
Yeah, Is obvious that not everybody knew about him.
What's up Emma
Most creative guy I've ever met. A baby who's head is shaped like a football, talks in a faux upper class accent, only his dog and other babies can comprehend him, loves lasers and time machines, and hates his mother. smh. that's something. So clever.
ahhhh... 2012 the good ole days. Back when comedy was funny
I think Family Guy is one of the worst shoes ever but I'm a huge fan of Seth MacFarlane. The guy calls it how it is.
BS - he didn't call out anything. All he did was make a joke about one of the most well-known secrets in Hollywood. You'll note that everyone laughed, because they understood the reference. Had it been a controversial joke at the time, or had no one in the audience understood it, there would be less laughter and less grinning among the audience.
😃 After seeing this.. I really beginning to like !!!  Seth Macfarlane.😆 I will be watching more of his Stuff for shure !!! 😄I recently watched a Family guy episode  exposing 🍅GMO'S 🍏and the possible dangers of vaccines.  💉 And a lot of other touchy 🤐controversial stuff. I like the fact he has some balls to go there .🤔 REALLY interresting and shit he make's people laugh while he is at.  😆Best way to Inform people is via some good old comedy satire.
Holy balls! Seems like everyone knew about him. Otherwise no one would get the joke 🤔
That's not a call out but close.
a bunch of hypocrites who hide pedophiles and perverts. ...you expect me to believe this guy didn't make  a movie on Jennifer Lawrence? ..she is lying
Like MacFarlane isn't a pedo satantist himself.  get fucked you no talent hack.
All These COWARDS KNEW AND DID NOTHING, COWARDS!!!
A lot of women use their sexuality to get jobs, so what's the main issue with this case, why is it trending?
The guy has an overwhelming amount of people coming forward both male and females have been sexually assaulted and he has not been arrested... He Seem to have crossed that line which stops police from being able to just arrest him.
Check out our channel! Deeply appreciate it🇭🇹🇳🇴🇺🇸
he's the only white man in hollywood that matters now
The balls on Seth.
Hard to read Emma's expression. Hard to tell if she gets the reference. She may have been clueless or may herself be a victim.
I'm surprised he didn't kill himself with three bullets to the back of the head
And they all just laughed and laughed
I don’t get it
Men will use power or money to get sex.\n\nWomen will use sex to get money or power.\n\nSame story, different day. Why are we acting like this is surprising?
Ever since team America I knew Hollywood was like this
Seth is the man
He knew. They all knew.
The Seth McFarland version of tearing up the Pope's picture on live TV.  It took us 4 years to get it just like when Sinnhead did it
I hear Brian Griffin when he talks
It's always a j...
Emma Derp face at the end
Well done , Seth ........and yet his best friend , Meryl , knew nothing haha
I love women, respect them, and my mom always thought me to treat them like a gentleman. But i have ZERO compassion for all these women coming out from hollywood making a scene and the bandwagon of actors that fakely goes on twitter to say 'it's good we talk about it, don't be afraid. \n\nTo make it in modelling or hollywood, you basically have to sell your soul (not physically i'm talking morally). The people in power are generally pedophiles that are abusing young instable kids filled with child issues that are ready to do anything to make it. Which is why most artists and actors and models are drugs addicts, beat their lovers, are attention whores. They put themselves in that spot first. They chased the fake fame. I'm not gonna be sorry for them.
Seth knew the joke would work because everyone in the crowd knew exactly what he meant.\n\nAll the most powerful men in Hollywood are probably sex predators and perverts.\n\nPower over others generally leads to abuse of that power.
This absolutely gives me an elevated level of respect for Seth M. over other celebs.
Stop calling him a hero, he kept his mouth shut all these years, he and the rest of Hollywood are complicit. Hollywood is a cesspool of filth.
All these Hollywood bitches will run their mouths about any social injustice...but, if it could affect their career or paycheck...crickets....this is called hypocrisy folks. Bunch of fucking spineless women, who only pretend to care about women’s rights. This shit shoulda been outed decades ago.
Is Harvey the only one? How many still without been mention , hard to thing they did not know about it....
Them laughing at this joke reminded me of the footage of an audience laughing at a dying comedian (I forget his name)
He's not even smiling.  Holy crap.
yet noone says anything and it keep happening , i bet pizza gate is real , it is  coming out
that laughter is scary af
ghbmkk
Oh snap
Hypocrite libratards
Anne hathaway def rode it
G
Balls of Steele
The jewish Jimmy Savile
If ya don't know,  now ya know.\nBiggie Smalls
*GOD DAAMMMNNN*
https://youtu.be/iTi_hGQiN8Q\nShare & Subscribe
Seth is an absolute cutie
Lol
Gtfo trending
https://youtu.be/u6fphmGyWhg Check this out^^^
SHIT
Lolololololol
*savage*
Classic Family Guy.
Top kek!
Make money fast here!$$$\nhttp://MyFixEarning.com/?refer=819
WOW!
Did the Simpsons predict Harvey Weinstein?
Bill, Hillary, Obama, Merle & Whoopi knew since 2008. Yet, took his $$$$$$. $o Scuzzy.
Creepy Hollywood is sick and boring.
Now this is, trending...
Meryl Streep recently claimed nobody knew................?
Petition to get YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki fired https://www.change.org/p/google-inc-fire-susan-wojcicki-as-youtube-ceo
*ERMMM, NO. SIMPSONS PREDICTED HARVEY WEINSTEIN ACCUSATIONS BACK IN 2000BC!*
Men gain power to get sex while women give sex to gain power but in these modern times. Men will loose their power the moment they use it to gain sex while the women who use sex to gain power are the victims if they fail at it and receive all the praise if they manage to be a success at it. \n\nEveryone calling out the producer as the evil but no one seems to place accountability to these women who knew the terms of these transactions. \nThey are all evil
I need one like on this comment to post a prank video!!!! Sub to me and put your name in my new YouTube video  comment below so I can sub back and maybe give you a shout out
Whats going with this Harvey dude? I Google it and it's about rape accusations but the question is... Who started the first one? (Accusation)
Seth is most likely a creepy molester too... sexual perversions run rampant in Hollywood
Something that happened in 2013 is now Top Ten trending in 2017....lol
Sorry Eminem. I choose America over you
This is the funniest thing Seth has EVER done. Like people actually watch him. People just fall asleep with the TV on and use him as background noise, or mute because they need a night lite. Seth, you weren't funny on SNL, you're still not funny now..except this. Hilarious to think you have to mimic a has been middle aged rapper to gain street cred or become relevant. \nThe funniest part, you thinking anyone watches you for real.
We'd be better off if we just started working together..
3 weeks after the epic rap Eminem's album sells drop 98 percent and no one ever went to his concerts again. Unless they were free. Yeah that's right... liberals don't have money.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Pretty insane how there are still people who support him. I don't fucking understand, do u just not know whats going on?
He shoulda done the 4 year old style ring finger flip off instead. 😆
Seth, you better hope your never seen in public asshole!
How much must NBC pay Google to have such useless crap trend.
so far 4 thousand people out of 713888 have decided to side with Trump in this
Is it possible to pick neither?
you can tell so many of these accounts are fake is the scary thing
Seth not not funny worst as a rapper just degenerate.
I like trump...is it really that bad talk acting like he's Hitler or something?😂Jesus Christ he's not bad.
he will nut inside us. \nand Trump is the divider, hm?
Music,hollywood,sports,news,the world, everyone is against Trump and his stupid supporters.
No one trusts celebrities are washed up rappers anyway.
I’m with Seth ALL THE WAY!
I guess nuance is out of the question?
Dude I didn't even know who you were before this video soooo bye.
You were inspired? You mean your producers told you to be inspired... it's all just for business, ratings. What a joke
Guys seriously give me a break.WHY is this on trending?you mean to tell me more than half a million people logged into YouTube just to see snippets of night talkshow hosts?my ass.you mean to tell me everything that is trending happens to be pushing the same agenda?this is madness
Seth still has a show? I honestly had no clue he was still on the air.
You know, part of the pride of comparing left wing stars like Colbert, Meyers, Bee, Oliver, Noah was that unlike their right wing counterparts, they usually keep 99% of their insults and focus on Donald Trump and leave his supporters alone. Very unlike Right wing stars who are low enough to not be satisfied with attacking Leftist politicians, but attacking Leftist voters. Unfortunately, Seth Meyers is simply not trustworthy like Jon Stewart to hold the mantle of a resistor of Donald Trump if he's going to go down this rabbit hole, regardless of how stupid or flippant you think his supporters are, do you have any idea how many African Americans STILL think OJ simpson was innocent? It's not an excuse, but as leftists, we are not in the same realm of poison as people like Milo, Tomi Lahren, Info Wars, etc. who constantly spread hatred against Clinton Voters, that's what made Meyers and Colbert better than those guys because they refuse to attack Trump voters. Unfortunately, if this is the path Meyers is gonna go down, then I probably won't be watching stuff like this anymore.
You and me Seth! ☺ https://youtu.be/TDdAWjqn9bo
Get me to 500 subs!! Im 3 away
Conan use to host this show.
What a little liberal fucking puke god the left is so overly gay and feminine it hurts
Repost.\n\nWill the real slim shady please shut up! You missed class on class you're a pain in the ass, but what can be expected from this trailer trash! You open up your mouth and your brain drops out like a broken PEZ dispenser when the spring pops out. Think talking crap about our POTUS will get you real far, well your mom thought the same that drunk night in the bar! Climbing up the stairs with a beer in her hand thinking gonna make a daddy outta this ol'man, 9 months later a little boy popped out with his junk in his hand and a permanent pout. You were pissed at the world before you could even walk, like then, right now, you should learn to really talk. Mister lyrical flow, we don't wanna know, how you feel 'bout the Prez cuz it's all a big show!  Politically corrected, spanked on your behind, Marshall close your mouth man, you've done lost your mind!
WOAH HOLD ON. It’s time to make a decision? Naw buddy let me ask you a question:  do you want another civil war?  I mean seriously....you want to ban guns and start a war at the same time, against the silent majority who has more guns than you and knows how to use em?  There are over 3 trillion rounds of ammunition in the hands of the sleeping elephant. Wake us up and we will crush you.  There’s YOUR decision....war or surrender.
I would be very grateful if you can help me with this https://goo.gl/EQoDxH thanks.
Wait who is this guy?
Anyone who likes Trump probably doesn't watch his show anyway. That's the gag. People getting butthurt over nothing.
Seth you’re a nobody...
Boycotting NBC, I'm done with it, so much separation among  our nation unnecessary and childish.
All 15 fans of this show will have to decide.
Eminem is just a corporate sellout attempting to cash in on Trump hating.
Piece of crap Eminem and the host!
why trump become president? because most of american (not native, i mean decendent of imigrant who kill native american) are racist. they dumb
Trump is dividing this country!! Impossible to think how he even became president, now all who supported him have no choice but to defend every single word of his, poor souls. Pray for them 🙏
Never watched you in the first place.  Your controlled and it’s transparent.  If you want to draw lines in the sand, well consider it crossed by myself and the many Americans that are done with puppets feeding us propaganda and hate. So, here it is. WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND FOR THE REPUBLIC IN WHICH IT STANDS SAY IN THE WORDS OF OUR ELECTED PRESIDENT “YOUR FIRED!!!”
Steh u are a Discresce to America with the garbage that u say on TV your not funny asshole is h . Clinton you're mother because everything u say is a lie .u fool remember what happened with woopicaca and old ass joys they get boycotted and I love it they should of been gone a long time ago anyways u and there show suck.nobody laughs at your stupid dum jokes plus u look like your on crack u fool.
Well when the tax cuts, cheaper health premiums and bloated 401K's arrive. I expect everyone that doesn't support Trump to demand everything stay the same for you. You wouldn't want to a hypocrite now would ya? I am sure this guy is reaping the benefit of an 85 year high in the stock market...I am sure he thanks god for Trump every night for free material and a fatter bank account...
M&M did better than Kiddo Rock head did
You gained a fan
I guess that means no more M&Ms for me...
Never ONCE have watched your terrible show. I'm not even a Trump fan - but dude - you suck. Bad.
Seth your a unfunny Scumbag And don't equate Harvey Weinstein your father with Donald Trump
Seth here is an ultimatum for you....     Get funny or get off television.
You guys are really fucked up.
Late night tv show hosts: Trump is dividing America!!  **proceeds to divide america by creating hate against Trump**
I don't think Seth Meyers has to worry about Trump supporters being a fan of his LOL. Also the YouTube trending page should be changed to the Late Night Talk Show page
Check out this app 👉    https://sweatco.in/m/erick768042 ... It pays for walking
Isn't this just discouraging unity
If your offer 30 and watch this you're fucking stupid
I went through the lengthy process of logging into my google acct just to thumbs up this :)
Stick that middle finger to your brother, who ruined That 70s Show
You fool
I pick both
Puppett
Lol
This is so fucking childish...
Who is this Seth snowflake?
Trump dick riders are mad AF 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
2 Terms
https://soundcloud.com/user-781976350/momagic3-switch-up
seth m&m butt hole buddies.......fo sure
This s*** hard asf
Seth has an extremely punchable face
What terrible marketing.
Lmao
BARS!!!!! #MCSethNasty
hahahaha Seth have fans😂😂😂
You guys are trending
Go away!
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hahaha 😂😂😂
Alright everyone https://youtu.be/uGalbLDvuFg
Kerkujj femer
Sweet car decals @thearmorydesigns.com
Well... bye
4k dislikes my eye
Cutest middle finger.ever.
Seth Meyers is gay
What an immature statement, divorced from reality. Pathetic.
Movies to watch tonight https://www.buzzfeed.com/carlosbanuelos/10-horror-movies-you-should-watch-this-halloween-35v3q?utm_term=.iy4JKk4oq#.kgw8K7YkV
seth killed it.
Seth the tiny bitchboy
I support Trump
It's not like I watch this garbage... It just keeps getting trended by the very bipartisan Youtube...
No Brainer.  Deuces.  Hate Trump all you want but without him.... you have 0 content.
I choose TRUMP. So sad the liberal rich celebrities who claim Trump is dividing America are the ones who are drawing a line in the sand and telling their fans to choose. They are the ones dividing America.
As an independent and someone who didn't vote in the last election, I've noticed the left is being very divisive and it's downright sickening. As a warning to those on the left, you not only have to fear the right (and Trump), you have to fear people like me (the middle) as well. We support unity.
Liberals want to keep the country divided rather than unify it. Stop spreading hatred...
Seth is one classy guy.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLOL
Happily choose President Trump
what a soy boy
Seth Meyers clearly pays to get trending.
Ricegum took the L
Seth and emcrapaneim need curb stomped, shot in the face, and pissed on..These worthless loser ant -Americans can GTFO of my Country.
Well this will be easy for me. I didn't like you that much anyways.
Slim shady just gave Trump the election in 2020. 😂😂
Not not not u just lost one fan!!!!!!!
Is that a Gucci tie
I'll sub to anyone who subs to me
This is not funny.
Another Brit who can't get a job back home.
eminem is back... but his talent is fucking gone... what a shame.
Why the fuck are you selling out Corden?? Lost all self respect? guess so idiot. Stay in the states mate we still dont want you back home.
The rap really sucked. I mean by freestyle standards, bad. Everyone sucking M&M's nuts now. They do melt in your mouth not in your hand.
Do a show with eminem James
Bloodyhell James how come your not getting on Weinstein back, bloody bell end
Hi! I am so gullible, i let so called celeb's do my thinking for me.\nI have no mind of my own. This is why i need show's like this, to guide me through my lack of reality.\nThe humour is really spot on, for my low IQ.
Carpool karaoke with eminem would be epic. Shame he'd never do it.
Akala been doing this for over a decade on political figures/matters. Now y'all awake. I expect more James.
Bad sign people clapping not laughing James!  Give you three more months...
FUCK TRUMP!! Finally someone using their position in the world to stand out against these troubles.
interesting fact:\n\n\n\nI could write better material for James Corden than his writers can.
I agree with all the celebrities who support Eminem’s rap video against one of the most powerful people who runs this planet . Dude I love you and your rap music and the way you bashed him out in style and people are hating on you for it because you spoke out you’re feelings your a good image for this world to wake up and to stop supporting Donald trump he isn’t a good president and everyone can see it . Way to go  . And ps Donald trump can stfup because Eminem took down the president and he didn’t like it to bad .. it’s the truth trump you can’t handle it then stop ruining America ✌️
Actually lol the FCC does capitalize “License” not that I’m defending that orange baboon AND don’t even know if that tweet was meant for the FCC lol I don’t even think he knows
That's not da Vinci's imagined version of Jesus at all! It's quite obviously a person related to the woman who sat for da Vinci's famous painting, the Mona Lisa. They have a similar look about them, face shape, eyes and nose. 100 million is less than I thought it'd be worth considering da Vinci painted it.
This video came on after a closer look with Seth Meyers for me\n\nJames Corden should stay away from political humor because his writers combined with his delivery just can’t hold a candle to Colbert, Meyers, or Kimmel. He should stick to battling it out with Fallon to see which can be the “fun” late night host. Which hopefully Corden can win since Jimmy is a fake laughing Hack
This guy is fucking fabulous amazing I love you James
Is that the Pieces of Eden?
bunch of idiots the president doesn't determine who you will become or want to be in life.. don't follow this crap be your own leader DO YOU because at the end of the day nobody gives a shit about you but YOU....SHEEPLE! THEY LYING TO YOU
trump bashing, haven't seen a video of a talk show host bashing him in a whole 2 mins on my home feed.
Why does Jesus look like Post Malone
I laughed too much at the please stand up joke.
James Corden was probably molested by Harvey Weinstein too in exchange for his propagandist comedian position. Now Eminem is an offended little bitch after making his career on offending people. Clutching his pearls like a bitch. We live in a timeline where Eminem is now a bearded SJW faggot with weak rhymes and a shit flow.
THIS SHOW IS FAKE NEWS
LOL when will celebs realize NO ONE GIVES A SHIT WHAT YOU THINK!! Go back to praying at the emmys! How much did George Soros pay this ugly middle aged man to bend over??
I can see James Corden doing carpool karaoke with Donald Trump, when he's firing back with a diss track.
Snoop Dog said and I quote  Eminem is a real Nigger now. I agree with Snoop .. as Marshall always wanted to be black and now he is!!
what can't Donald Trump kill himself? because of fake noose
The 90’s called. They want their wigger back
Eminem. What a fake thug punk. Made his career by dissing other people like a bully in high school. So he what, 59 years old now? Still trying to act like an angry adolescent who just hit puberty. Stay retired. Your fake anger has become pathetic.
this guy suit is Iran made 1:28 😀The flag colour green white red
Thank God I got to grow up when late nite television had actual entertainment. \nNow it's all libtarded .
Weird. The elite left hates Trump. Nothing new here. Can we hear something original that’s not repeated in every school class room, liberal “news” show, Hollywood movie/tv/docu-propaganda-mentary maybe? \n\nHillary lost because she sucked worse than Trump. Get over it. Stop crying. Move on. Or, continue supporting Harvey Weinstein money supported liberals in your hypocritical dream world.
Fox News is the only news network that reports real news lmao
Shady's back tell to a friend
Holy fuck these people are stupid
he totally owned trump's fat country-dividing ass.
Eminem is being used as a tool by Hollywood to try and deflect from the Weinstein debacle.
Eminem gave pain in Trump's ***
He's added more Nuclear weapons?  That's not good for the world
This fat non-talking mother f****** need to go back to his own country f*** this wannabe artist comedian talk show host him and Eminem need to kiss the citizens of the United States ass the rap was corny and this f***** is corny they and listen to No m************ dopehead mother f***** must have been rapping we had all that we had all that we had all that dope in him
My god I would cry if you did Eminem carpool karaoke
OLD LADY BAD RAPPER DOES WIPE EMINEM UP AND KICK HIS ASS WITH HIS CRAP RAP EASY PEASY:  https://youtu.be/dWEc2_j5iow
thank god this fat cunt isn`t in England anymore
3:06\nHOLY shit! The alien sphere from AC1!!
Yes he’s the real shady all these other ******* are just imitating‼️
Gotta say i love these talk show hosts for making light of how screwed we are.  To those who are pissed that they make trump jokes 1.  You dont have to watch\n2.  They talk about relevamt news.  Trump is always relevant because every fucking day its something new with this guy
We're not going to be able to make it to the meeting tonight
Trump definitely took that L hahahaha
#TakeAKnee Protest
Fuck off Smithy.......
James fuckoff you fat sell out and take migrant offspring moron draft Dodger coward trump with you
Eminem sucks.
KING EMINEM
Not cool
DIAMOND & SILKS reply to Eminem. LOL\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMsX_NAGcRM
Whigger.
Hollywood Hypocrisy are a pool of pedo satanists, sick lunatic scum… https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7e_W93Lf8Y
eminem is a faggot
Eminem the king 😎
Eminem carpool karaoke!!!
Eminem is amazing
TRUMP 2020
Shirt for Eminem \nhttps://teespring.com/dump-that-chump#pid=2&cid=2397&sid=front
*BALL UP A FIST-SHIRT * https://www.redbubble.com/people/hefallsasleep/works/28431660-ball-up-a-fist?p=t-shirt&style=mens&body_color=white&print_location=front
Awesome rehearsed freestyle designed to sell a bunch of shitty rap CDs.
Racist Eminem song Foolish Pride... Google it.
M&M
Logical fallacy after logical fallacy
Slipknot and Rick Ross carpool Karaoke duet
Eminem is back  👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
https://youtu.be/As9M1vRgqww
Dunno who’s worse.... Eminem or this fat prick!
Cine e roman și se uita sa pună like !
This is amazingly not funny.
Yeah. like this fat butt fucking Limey listens to this no talent shit eminem. If he does, it only proves what fucking moron he is.
I wanna punch James in his stupid fat face
Eminem wants to jump on the band wagon of the bought out media platform YouTube who all have political bias. \nHow the hell is James Corden on TV! \nStewart Lee said it best the UK's loss is is America's loss also\nI've never laid eyes on someone with so little charisma.
James cordon is a fat waste of human garbage
James why haven't you been singing :( you need to do another singing sketch with a guest!! (not carpool karaoke) one of your creative bits!!!
Bts carpool karaoke
feeat  peesce of sheeet
EMINEM CARPOOL KARAOKE
The rap was garbage and Eminem is an idiot, Not realising what Obama did
You fat British piece of shit
Fuck you. you British fuck......go home and Save your homeland ....
Eminem should keep his political view out of this world bc nobody cares
Eminem is such a whiny bitch lol
All the celebrities hate Trump now. In my opinion, that says a lot. I have no faith in Hollywood and the rest. I can't wrap my head around the fact that a lot of people listen to and worship these celebrities who bash Trump. It's not like they are brave, because they know all the elitists will back them up.
I love Em. But don't disrespect my President. Keep your balls in your court.
mnm is a has been, that crap was terrible..
JIMMY kimmel, JIMMY fallon, JIMMY Corden..ALL Beta white males that hate Trump and white people. Have you taken your red pill yet?
Just your average brainwashed host directing his brainwashed audience, nothing important to see here.
Trump is the real slim shady.\nDeal with it.
LOL! Eminem is a slimy little toad. How pathetic. And the leftist cuck media likes it. LOL
your skin is so good! haven't watched your vids in awhile and I've def noticed that your skin has improved so much!
glad your back we've missed you Anna
Your skin! Tell us how!!!
I like how you do back to what ate Wednesday.
So glad you're back!
Sunday’s are made for days at home! Love that you’re filming videos again they’re brilliant 😘 xx
What I eat in a day? Erm everything, that's why I'm fat.
Oh, Jonathon!!! LOL. The question is, did he remember the Birthday Gift!!!  :)
Yaay! So glad your back 😍 and I love these videos. Don’t worry Anna, we all have those lazy days and we need them ❤️
There is something about you Anna. Like you seem more at peace then I ever noticed in your older vlogs. It’s refreshing! ♥️
What did Jonathan used to call the sandwiches back in the older vlogs
Please make a video about your meal planning process!
So glad you are vlogging again we have missed you ❤️❤️
You look stunning without makeup . Love these videos glad they are back
I’ve missed these so much!!!!😍😍😍😍😍
I think its great that this WIAW is trending higher than Mikey Cyrus in Carpool Karaoke!! 😂😂👍👌
Yay a new video! I'm not planning on leaving the house today.... And it's a Thursday. Is that a negative thing?
And don't say  i did nothing  u are a mother of three who does more than you!?
Hi anna 😍 can you please do videos about cleaning routines. Thanks love u 💕
The kids grew up so much. Wow I send so much love to your family.
Could you do a video on how you do your meal planning?
fav vidoes these are so helpful for those of us that have eating issues and need to learn a balanced food routine , thank you Anna youre an angel xxx
you guys seem so tired of filming
How on earth is this trending? Even breast feeding mothers don't need to watch this if they did any research before having a child, but the fact it's trending would suggest random people are watching what a breastfeeding mother eats in a day
Missed what I ate Wednesday so much
Yaaaaay!!!!
*See's Watiroses* DAMMMMMMMMN
So unhealthy wow
I love these videos! :)
I love your videos sooo much 😍 Greetings from Germany!🌸🙋
seen about 45654 comments on Anna's beaut skin
Yeah liked the video as soon as I saw the title!
Ur natural look is sooo pretty I don't even think u need makeup ,tired or not !😘😘😘😘
omg loooove her eyes!! shes so cute and eager to be on the camera, adorbsssss
Why all the bottled water? Get a filter instead!
You look so much younger and beautiful without makeup Anna and I think you lost weight
Yes!!!!!! A day of rest is needed for everyone! Love you Anna!!!! Your skin is amazing! You should do an updated skin routine! Xxx
PLEASE STOP DRINKING BOTTLED WATER, SO BAD FOR ENVIRONMENT!
#4 on trending we live you Anna 😘
So weird to know you eat this early, cause in France we start dinner time around 7-8pm 🙊
It wasn't boring to me!
I was missing also xxx
Anna do updated skin routine video please
Great video! Fresh face no make up and you look fabulous. And I have major hair envy.
These are my favorite videos from you! Thanks for bring them back.
OMG!!!!! How did you get your skin looking like this?????? 😍😍😍😍😍 please! Make a video!!😍😍😍😍😍😱😱😱😍😍😍😍
i missed these! love you anna!
Oh my god Emilia cracks me up every time. It's not late for me because I'm big :D She's so sassy, I love her!
Does Anna have a gluten allergy ?
Love the what I ate Wednesday vlog finally it's back 😎 I wanna ask do u they give alessia baby food from the shops like ellies kitchen or Heinz baby food or they make home made baby food
I love your videos anna!! finally you're back :)
My favourite video series on YouTube ever! 😍 this made me so happy!
Love these. No more dessert or sweeties at night? Helena
A lovely video Anna I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):) it is nice to see what I ate Wednesday videos again emilia , Eduardo and alessia are so cute :):) :):)
So glad you’re back!!
So funny to first see the vlogs with Jonathan filming while calling you and to now see the other side of the phone call! :D
I love watching your what I ate vlogs... you are awesome and beautiful.. keep rocking.. 😍
Most excited soul out here cause Anna is uploading THRICE A WEEK AGAIN YAAAAAY.
I ate so much when breastfeeding Jack!! I'm glad I didn't actually film it as it was actually ridiculous 😂 xx
I LOVE not leaving the house! When you’ve got young kids it’s always such a mission to get up and out. so I fully embrace the days when I can stay in my comfys!!!!
Welcome back! Take your time if you want to and feel to❤️
So happy your back missed your videos and I have 2 kids and love staying in all day I have to at least once a week!
Anna when my kids were little, I went to bed about an hour after they did. I used that hour for packing lunches, whatever laundry needed folded and any miscellaneous stuff that would help the morning go smoother. Kids are a lot of work.
Love it ... Anna’s back !!!
Would love the see your meal plans. Either here or on instagram stories :)
I'm so so glad these are back!☺️ what a boss momma💘💘
Awww love watching these I'm always end up hungry Can ye do a What's In School Lunches for the week kinda video
Watching this when I'm hungry wasn't my best idea 😫✨
So glad these are back!!! Xx
I don’t get these videos. Watching someone else’s life
It's not late for me. It's late for them. hahahaha omg I love Emilia she's so smart and sassy for her age! Crazy that I have been watching since she was born.. she is so big now. And btw I love the What I Ate Wednesday Videos!!
Alessia sounds like such a good napper! My 4 month old is a major cat napper.. 3 or 4 x 30 minute naps! Nothing I do gets her to stay asleep for any longer! 🤷🏼‍♀️ your dinner is a staple in this house too, quick & healthy! 😃
So glad you're back Anna!!! :)
The sass when she said it’s not too late for me because I’m big 😂😂
Anna you are such an Inspiration to me. I am a first time mum with a 4 month old daughter and I would be beyond happy if I got nearly as much done as you do (minding I have only one child and two cats to look after...). I hardly go outside and if I do I get super stressed out.   Love watching your videos, thank you!
Do you have a cleaning the house routine? What products do you use?
It's honestly refreshing to see a stay home vlog! It's definitely not borning. I really enjoyed it. ☺️ Watched this while making my breakfast! ♥️
Sleepy at home Sunday’s are amazing. Echoing everyone else your skin looks fantastic!
OMG Anna please don't apologise for these kind of vlogs, they're actually my favourite and I'm sure a lot of people would agree! I love my days where I stay at home and don't wear any makeup etc and it's good to know I'm not the only one!  Love you Anna and all your videos!! x
You're so beautiful without make up!
Glad these videos are back! 🤗 I missed you! 💖\nHave you ever thought about not using Nespresso? 'Cause it's sooo much unnecessary garbage 🙁
Skincare update please 😊 You look beautiful as always 💕
So glad these are back! I have two under two and I never leave the house so don't feel bad haha x
Yay , xxx
Yayy!!! Love these videos!!!💕
yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
YAY IM SO HAPPY 😀
Love it
Yay!! love these videos Anna xx
your lunch looks like panera lol
Yeah so glad your  back
Yaaay! I missed them
😍
Yaaay!!
Wow, surprised Alessia hasn't choked on the peppa pig yet??????
Favvv videos 😍❤️😍😍
omg finally!!!!!
ITS NUMBER 4 ON TRENDING
#4 on trending congrats! 🍉😃😗😊😋
How the hell can people watch this for 12 min straight?!
Her apartment number is 2032. When you add all the numbers (2+0+3+2) you get 7. It is the seventh Star Wars movie where she debut her role as Rey\n\n           **Mind blown**
Daisy Ridley and I support the same football team Arsenal ❤❤❤❤
So the only reason why we know her is from starwars... she never said Rey when he asked for nicknames... bull shit that her number one nickname and she knows it.
Girl's an Arsenal fan, I feel for her. Been through so much 😂
When do they fuck
She’s beautiful, oh my gosh
The end was so funny😂
She is like the sweetest thing in the fucking world! ❤️
who is the last jedi?! hahaha
She got me when she said Arsenal ❤️❤️❤️
on the phone as the random friend- was the REBEL WILSON??
She is so pretty
0:16\nDid I hear England?\nYou know it's Nick Crompton and my collar stay poppin'. Yes, I can rap and, no, I am not from Compton. *ENGLAND IS MY CITY* and if it weren't for Team 10, then the US would be shitty I'll pass it to Chance 'cause you know he stay litty.
You forgot to ask her what the biggest dick she has had
I know this may be controversial and I love Daisy but she doesn't remind of a young Keira Knightly ?? am I crazy ?
Why...why am I watching this
The question asker just sounds like a perv
THEY LEFT THE FUCKING DOOR OPEN
This is like a brazzer video
She reminds me of Christmas 🎅.  Why she so pale. Like snow.
I was expecting him to turn into Pamela Voorhees
where is her dress from?
She's the cutest person
Nobody in my life has asked me this many questions
This looks like a beginning to a porn.
Well, I can read gesture language, so now the movie's pretty much spoiled for me.
THAT IS THE REALEST CELEB PHONE I'VE EVER SEEN!!!!
Can she just marry me already 😫
she’s is radiant
I thought after she tells him everything about the last jedi she would trow him off the balcony
I was born in the 1980s early
Am I the only one who realises this is the actor of rey from star wars?!
She's made millions of dollars in Star Wars and is in one of the most expensive hotels in New York and she is still reppin a cracked iPhone. You can leave the hood but the hood won't leave you.
This is like the opening 5 minutes of a casting porn but classy.
I jacked off so hard to this
The first seconds feel like the beginning of a Brazzerz video
The only thing I got from that was she's an Arsenal fan 😂 COYG
She looks a bit like Teddy from GoodLuckCharlie
6:40- Wow... Now THAT is a great answer to the classic *Where do you see yourself in **____** years* question. Bravo 👏
She could play the Younger Lara Croft.
Hope she don't ruin her carrier like Emma Watson
Would've been better if it wasn't so blatantly scripted
Anal or DT. That wouldve caught her off gaurd 😂😂
She is a treasure
Love her, but very rehearsed and contrived.
Of course the student of a gray Jedi would love the color gray
I can see why she is the universe's biggest crush.
She's an Arsenal supporter...now we know.
She lost me when she said arsenal was her favourite team...
She looks like dillion harper ....look it up ;)
This was her first pornography interview.
Fuck me... She likes sushi and is an Arsenal fan that's like perfect
It Looks like the begining of a bad porno
My Top 5 Hollywood Crushes right now are (in no particular order): Daisy Ridley, Gal Gadot, Margot Robbie, Jennifer Lawrence (been falling off the last few years, though), and... after seeing Blade Runner 2049 a couple days ago... Ana de Armas.
Can you imagine Daisy reading these comments expecting something cool like So she can use the force and rap!\nbut instead she see's This looks like a gud porno huehuehue
She's warm, witty, and sweet. And unlike annoying Hollywood liberals, she doesn't ever go into a hateful, political rant.
The ending sounds like she’s cursing  with all the bleeps lmao
Is it really 73?
73 questions with Anne Hathaway !! ❤️❤️
Kinda looks like lorraine baines, no  ?
Arsenal.... let’s goooooooooooo!!!!!
Love her smile!!!
That thumbail is 😍
Best porn hub interview ever
Issa wife
She’s lovely :)
No boobs??????????????? :(........
Where did her boobs go?
Correction futbol.. got emmmmm!
SO FUCKING HOT
Please do Lucy Hale❤❤❤
I love Daisy 😍
My wife
non new.. Perfect!
SHES A GOOOOONNNNNEEEEEER #COYG
Holy SHIT Daisy Ridley is an Arsenal Fan ❤️
She looks gorgeous. :)
73 questions with Jenifer Lawrence
73 questions Saddam Hussien?
So Beautiful
Mulan reference! Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
Cringy
Boring scripted unauthentic , if these bastards ruin Star Wars I will attak
COYG
Daisy is perfect
So elegant.
She's so fucking adorable.
Shes sooooo pretty😍
Omg she's so cool!!!!!!
she doesn't wear heels often?
God damnn daisy is so beautiful 😁
Reminds me of a porno
Dude she's so cuteeeeeee
Who is she?
bleh
0:06 “Hello!\n*already dies of cuteness*
No chest
https://youtu.be/u6fphmGyWhg
I would definitely smash
She's perfect
I like this one...
I mean  Gymnastics is the best sport in the world. Gymnastics! I could say this word again and again because I love gymnastics.
Hei am fr.o.m. Sweden and Im go gymnascok
Nile I’m state champion in gymnastics Australia,Queensland
Kinda looks like youre taking a dump in the thumbnail. Need to photoshop a toilet under you
Love watching you’re videos. They always make me smile and laugh till my belly hurts. Lol keep it up Nile! 😁
Another absolute phenom vlog!  I literally cannot get through a Nile vlog without a giant grin on my face.  Him and his friends/family just bring so much joy to everyone.
Is it just me or do Nile and Max not get along?
What does it take to have a physic like yours Nile? Diet, training routine, and cost?
Cracking comeback after the injury, mate. Was rooting for you and delighted to see you made the world championships. Looking forward to see much more of your journey, Nile.
Congrats Nile! Killing it and inspiring. I actually liked this time though cos of Purvis' freestyle.
Honestly, I need a GIF of you and your dad dancing 😂🙌🏼
So happy for you Nile, just found out your channel today! It feels strange to see all these talented people reunited in my hometown but at the same time it's great!\nCongrats again for both the finals and how you pushed through this year~
Congratulations hunni, amazing xx you smash it every time xxx
So cute when he says.... Y'all right.
Train hard,  Keep it real = 6th in the World Championships.  Fantastic result after a year of challenges.  Well done Nile.
That high bar was sensational.
You are an amazing young man! You should be very proud of what you've accomplished!
Congrats on World Championship! :D I love watching your vids, you're always so positive it just makes my day :)
Nile can you help tell me what to do iam 13 years old and 10 stone and hardley do exercise because i have no will power i used to do gymnastics and almost had a six pack when i was 10 but then i quit because i was getting bullied and put on so much weight but i have a illness that makes me want to eat more but i try resist but you have inspired me to try lose weight i love gymnastics and want to do it again what exercises could i do that arnt to hard for me to start of with but get me going to loose weight if you get this message pls reply me on this email Oliverjonbeevers@icloud.com
