Thank I haven't got that one in a while. She liked it.
Yeah, great play of marketing for a new porn movie.
All faceoffs should've ended with a kiss like that! 👌👌👏👏
Faggot
#haut
Faggot
I don't see MMA fighters wanking each others off
I fucking hate swedish pc-hippies.
Klockrent av Mikaela. Lionessbeteende redan där :)
ASSISTE ISSO AQUI Brother, BEEEM Mais comédia! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBE4UcDoPhg&t HAAHAHa Watch This!
Recentemente o youtube anda bem ruim. Não sei o que está acontecendo com o meu canal, mas ele não manda notificação pra ninguém. estou com quase 30k de inscritos, e de views e likes meu canal ta a mesma coisa de quando eu tinha 5k\n Por favor me deem uma força passando lá e vendo meu conteúdo, deixa o seu like. Peço pra só se inscrever se realmente gostar do que viu, e marca o sininho pro youtube não deixar de te mandar a notificação. Peço novamente para não se inscrever por pena, e sim pq realmente gostou do meu conteúdo. O like pode parecer desimportante, mas quando você deixa o like, tem mais probabilidade do youtube te recomendar meus vídeos na sua pagina inicial quando não mandar a notificação pra você. Obrigado pela atenção de todos ❤
Girls can fight?
mostro pkk com 10K
Tryin' to let you know that i am fcking LIKEY Twice LIKE OOH AHH. I am gonna to KNOCK KNOCK their door. If they reject,  i will be like TT. But i will CHEER UP, because i can send SIGNAL to their hearts.😂😂
when it comes out let’s break knock knock’s record, WE HAVE TO STREAM A LOTTTTTTTTT they deserve it!
#15 on trending here! QUEENS SLAYYY! 😘💞
Trending at number 15 in the #UK\nI don't understand why does this group get so many dislikes on their Mvs?
Guys twice is posting outfit teasers on there instagram
I'm going to cry if Twice don't drop teasers tonight
I wish they would do another halloween concept and secure being the halloween queens
yuck, more saccharine teeny tunes.\nbring back something interesting like tt's synth or house.
I don't know what any of this shit means, but it looks great!!!😁
When is the release date ? October what ?
Dahyun is so cute when she is running like that, I love her so much!!! 😍♥️
THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD OMG
Can I be that ice cream
Do they know the meaning of rest? I'm no twice fan but didn't they have like 4MV's this year?
Sana is already fucking me up with that ice cream!
OMFG IT LOOKS SHO GOOD JYP BETTER NOT DISAPPOINT US THIS TIME
0:39 the guy on the bike is MEEE
ahem. I CAN'T FRREAKKKING WAIT. ALL YOUR SONGS ARE BOP. I'M STILL HOOKED ON TT, SIGNAL AND CHEER UP.
im officially dead who wanna come to my funeral?
Any new youtubers? 👋🏽 subscribe to my channel new content coming real soon!
IMMA DIE I DON'T HAVE A BIAS ANYMORE
Sana really is on a whole other level of beauty. like what the fuck...p
Omfg this comes out on my brothers birthday hdgsuakdhfhrnskdh *ded*
JIHYO AND SANA IS SO CUTE😍❤ SANA GIVE ME THAT ICE CREAM
who got the HIT vibe from this trailer
0:37 i f*ck**g die.. totally done\nsana is no fair.. is no fairrrr Dx
Omgggg twice in the locations of once upon a time bye 💀💀 0:01 \nMy Fave things together
The first mass shooting just happened tonight in Korea (in a pride bar in Seoul), go sign the petition/k-jyn gun control right now in order to give more publicity to the victims, nobody had picked up on this we need to ban gun importation right now. Keep fighting
backsound on point for another great comeback
even the vending machine is inlove with Dahyun
that moment when the mv is filmed where I live but I never saw twice here... so sad.
YASSSS I’m so ready for this I can’t handle myself anymore. \n**Looks at date** Nice, it comes out the day I’m moving...yayyy....
@0:40 Her sibling
Next teaser please come fast!!😂😂
-Sana sao nay nhìn khác vậy??
Sana cute😘😘
*OMG IM SO EXCITED!!!*
AHHHHHHHH DAHYUNNNNNNNNNN~~~~
my Sana look soooooo pretty omg (everyone does lol) 💕💕
Anyone else getting A~ vibes?
Chaeng is soooo cuutteeeee
곧있으면컴백하는구나..
Me muero \nOjala salga pronto \n*ahira si c muere*
GIRL CRUSH JEONGYEON
CANT WAIT
Jihyo so pretty and beautiful momo so cute sana
JIHYO IS SO BEAUTIFUL OMG
Im freaking out😕😕😕:/
I cant waittt
Yassssssssssssssssss
NOMAMES AKANFKSNALFNFKF >:000 💗🌱
Casual wildfire haze in the background, nbd
Tyuzu
Im Nayeon my life :3
fINALLY CHAE HAS HER LONG HAIR OMG THANK U JYP
❤
too much instagram
My girls
Tzuyu❤
Omg, Mina is so cute
트와이스 컴백해요??
AHHHHH IM DEAD
MOMOZÃO TE AMO PQP
最初のジヒョかわいすぎw💕💕
COMEBACK IS COMING
Jeongyeon slays as usual.
My wives😻😻😻love youuu
A minha rola
It's Vancouver!!!!!!!! Glad that you were here!!!!!❤
Jihyo looks so Stunning in this one ! ^-^
On October 30 all ONCEs shall unite!!! We will do a massive stream and try to get Twice to at least 10M in 24h! We can do it ONCE I believe in you!!!😁😁😁
am i on drugs or jihyo is at the set of storybrooke
WHY THE HECK DID THEY COME TO CANADA AND NOT TELL ME WHAT THE HECK IS THISSSSSSSSSS Neomuhae!!!! Neomuhae!!
TWICETAGRAM IS GOING TO BE LIT 🔥 Anyone know how to preorder the album?
Can't wait for their comeback!! 😍😍😍
So many twice this year, I LOVE it
ME WHEN I DIDN'T REALIZE THIS WAS FILMED IN VANCOUVER UNTIL IT WAS TOO LATE
tag yourself im the duck walking with mina
THIS IS GONNA BE A BOP SBSNS
Chaeyoung, why'd you leave your locker unlocked...someone's going to steal all those hearts.
all filmed in Vancouver?
Minariiiiiiii
Chae is so cutie
Sana Chan..... 😘😘😘😘 #NoSanaNoLife \nCan't wait for MV 😍😍😍
Tzuyu is so pretty
Sana Sana Sana
Tzuyu 😍😍😘😘
im highkey liking likey
\( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) / Likey Likey
Love Twice❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Jihyo, Jeongyeon, Nayeon and Sana just... (ﾟ∀ﾟ)
en Chile es a las 6 de la mañana, voy a tener que madrugar 😆
Mori, mori, mori, bueno no puedo morir tres veces pero, me mori son tan tiernas y hermosas
Isso ta me cheirando a hino
Likey랑Traler를 어떻게읽는지  몰라서고민중...
또 레트로 컨셉이네 제와피 레트로 컨셉좀 버리면 안되냐?
트와이스 저리꺼져라ㅡㅡ 왜이딴영상올리냐 컴백라러가다가 확죽어버려라 ㅋㅋㅋ 신고해봐 부계로올거니까 ㅋㅋㅋ
트둥이들하트어디가면만날수있나요오ㅠㅠ
한국사람손!!!
JYP NEEDS TO FUCKING CHILL OUT. FIRST STRAY KIDS THEN GOT7 AND NOW TWICE. LIKE FUCKING CALM DOWN
Hmm, who is this guy.. I like it. Subbed! 😃
If i HAD to choose a political party as an ideology to run UK, I would choose conservatives, but maybe not Theresa
i thought people would be happy that a woman is running a powerful country, thought the feminists would like this. this guy is a idiot
0:42 answer the fucking question xD ur so funny pie.
IF YOU U TURN TWICE YOU END UP WHERE YOU STARTED!! Best advice anywhere on youtube in the last decade haha
Took words out of my mouth ...
Even I agree and I'm firmly on the right. This woman is a liar and in my opinion a traitor.
This unfunny guy really is the definition of a one trick pony. An unfunny one trick pony. Desperately unfunny one trick pony.
The worrying thing is that T May is one of the most moderate candidates they had for PM, I actually think much better than the car crash duo, Cameron and Osborne, who crashed our economy after 2010.  Who else could be PM?  Right wingers like Rees Smugg or Doris Bonson, with no idea of what common people have to go through just to get a low paid job or a rented flat.  It seems the rich, farmers, old people with money, Daily Mail and Telegraph readers, the self employed, etc are the ones who most likely voted Tory and BREXIT.  Don't blame the politicians, blame the electorate, they get what they voted for.  Glad I didn't vote Tory or BREXIT, not my fault.
THERESA MAY IS WOMEN OF HONOR!!
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyy yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy  time to fuck off theresa may. useless cow.
Sure mate, she will f••k off soon enough I promise \nYou do however need to take it a bit easy as watching yet another stroke video will not be quite as enjoyable as I find most of your videos mate
Give us reduced custom tariffs or the toddler gets it what a legend\nBtw it’s hilarious how\nA. People think British talk like this,\nB. How people think he’s a news reporter on drugs
Make this man Prime Minister!!!!
Only the British can swear filthy and use French. Never been prouder to be British.
It’s a joke parady for those who don’t live in the uk 😂
I do hope Jonathan you'll be equally as full of comedic vitriol, if/when the bearded clam becomes PM?
Loved it when you ripped both sides, balanced, funny and very true.....this is getting a bit embarrassing though
621 dislikes from all of Theresa's trolling accounts.
I don't agree with Jonathan Pie's political views. But agree she ballsed up
When you understand that politics is based on money and power and the dividing of people.\nYou totally understand why it gets people worked up like this douche.\nBrexit the whole f in thing. \nAnd can someone please look in to Tony Blair a bit more? I remember him bringing a ps4 back from the US, was a gift before it was out. and he got away with it cos he was PM, well let's bring it all back up. Toss these a holes in to the pits!\nPlease, thanks!
Unlike Teresa May.. Palletways deliver!  I think the driver IS a straight white male.
A remoaner if I ever saw one.\n\nYou can just tell he's the type of doode who catches you fucking his wife and wants to take a walk in Hyde park with you to talk it out, little cuck.
This woman told the whole world during the election campaign that she is a difficult woman she warned the British public why complain now anyone who vote for her deserve what they get she didn't force anyone to vote tory everyone has the free will to choose to vote labour Conservative or any party but lies promises brainwashing and you all taught immigrants were a threat to your own selfish interest got this country to where it is don't blame the government blame yourselves if the people are good the leaders will be good if the people are bad then the leaders will be bad it's the public who elect the leaders the leaders don't elect themselves
1:00 we deliver thats the most straight forward slogan ever.
why does this remind me of DT on Wegner
Every 1 COME TO THE MILLION MASK MARCH  November the 5th
He really stuck the landing on this one. Bravo.
Jonathan's on the trending page! Next stop 10 Downing Street.
Not Palletways again! They've been video/film bombing since the bloody 70's!
As a Muslim who has mostly voted labour my whole life and who voted Brexit, may couldnt organise a piss up in a brewery. If shes not going to deliver she needs to hand the reins over.
The message here is....fuck off.
Reminds me of Glen from The Thick of It
Stop beating around the bush, are you a Theresa May fan or not????
get off the street you bellend.
So much gloom and doom about. By cunts like him. Life has never been so good living in the UK at any time in the last 10000 years. We are leaving the EU and corbin will never see power.
Stop sitting on the fence and tell us what you really think Mr Pie
I wish people would leave the woman alone! Let her get on with the job and quit the speculation. Pathetic video.
That was some delivery. PM you watching....
But seriously Theresa, FUCK OFF!! 👏👏😂😂\nTime for change! Wenger out...
I love how the bagpipes ramped up along with the speech
i am worry that he might get heart attack ... 🙄 he get high blood pressure
This would be a news programme I could get behind.
Thinks he a newsman he’s just a stupid cunt
Brexit in a nutshell... Well said
Good show.   The woman is incapable of doing anything but swallowing whatever is poured into her poisoned chalice.
The Arsenal fan TV of politics
Fucking hell that was outstanding
This guy should be the prime minister.
John Pie for Prime Minister!!!!!
*JONATHAN PIE FOR PRIME MINISTER*
Is this reporter fake because the amount of times I've seen him like this a it's hilarious!!!
Dithering moose????? I love british people.
Time to f*ck off toury party
Don’t white people realise how fuckin stupid they look trying to be lefties!
Prime Minister, would you answer a hypothetical question? T May: I'm sorry...
If you get rid of every single cunt here in England that isn't actually fucking English such as myself born and bred and remove anyone who is 3 generation or less below of English origin out of this country I would be scared to say that the pure and real English population that would exist in England would reduce to about 1% loooool that's how many dirty immigrants are in this country... so either you kick all of these scummy cunts out of my country or you leave them here for the country to fall to shambles and try and prolong the time that it happens by preventing anymore coming in. Simple as that. Get them all out or leave them in and stop them coming.
Theresa May is the best thing that could have happened to you leftists. Shes so shit she cant make Corbyn look like the utter lunatic he is. Interesting how this idiot always ends up on trending tho. Good old youtube pushing one political side.
Don't worry Jonathan - she'll be gone before too long
This is a distraction story.  For the truth, check this out \nhttp://www.hallettreport.com/SMITE.html
(Besides from what he’s talking about in this video) I absolutely can’t stand this self righteous cunt who acts like everything that comes out of his mouth is some sort of divine truth when in reality he’s just another white guilt indoctrinated lefty
Damn right, Theresa May should definitely fuck right off.
Jonathan needs to be on Prime Time TV in American and unfiltered.  Think he would blow a gasket with the amount of crap happening over here.
You need a platform on LBC! James O'Brian.... eat your heart out!
So is this guy really an MP?
how is asking eu citizens to leave a bad thing? I smell a biased butthurt Remoaner
Gosh she's pathetic and annoying but I'd take her over Socialist Corbyn any day of the week.\n\nJust give the finger to the EU and fix the damn country before it's too late, it's not that hard theresa!
Put this guy in Parliment.
2:11\n13\n(6_+)\nPay the Bill or the kid gets it!\n(-_-)\nBetter do as he says 33!\n(9_+)\nNo!\n(-_-)\nMe either!   I'd rather die!
so unfunny
another tory voter
Not even UKIP
I feel better knowing Palletways deliver.
Pieways - We deliver... UK's best political rant
This is f*cking brilliant 😂
RT puppet
Rantus Classicus
*sponsored by Palletways*
Lol
Everyone has fucked Theresa May,, except me, I don’t want sloppy worn out seconds, urgh bucket crutch.!!
My new favourite video
How freaking British.
Why dont you fuck off yourself you unfunny cunt.
13 on trending BIATCHES
subfarage  :D
Your my favourite politician😂
Never go full retard..
😂
No references to Cornwall Pasties, dumb clod.
Jonny Pie is a wonderful beast.
Cameron come back
:')
Oh oh oh oh Jeremy Pie
It's FUCKED! lol
This is f**cking hilarious
666 dislikes lol
Palletways we deliver\nSmart advertising
Atleast dry clean your suit man.
This is fucking brilliant, not gonna lie. **cough** **splutter**
FUNNY ASF😂😩😂
Don’t get me wrong, great clip, but why is it trending with just 30k views.
That monkey was infected, you had to put it down.
for a moment he sounds like a monkey lul
I like the screaming, all unarmed players should do this when being shot
How is this trending? I need your secrets xd
I don't know why this is trending, but I like it.
Poor monkey. \nThx Kotaku. Best clip in that episode.
honestly neck yourself for picking up that coat instead of backpack/redbull
ah a wild brazilian
yaaaay a gaming video on trending. never thought id se the day!
He sounded like one of my brothers 🙈
ROFL, i dont mind this trading, its worth it
why u got to do me like that :(
A good video on trending that is rare these days
Lol omg. Had me dying. How is this on trending?
This is the type of stuff I would rather have on the trending page. 👍
You only got attention from paying YouTube to put this on trending
Lol xD if that ever happened to me I will do the same thing xD
This was my favourite scene in War for the planet of the apes
...
That's what YouTube is for
Why is this shit trending? He killed one unarmed guy and it wasn’t a good kill either.
I'm crying. I'm so glad i live in this generation.
sounds like one of those Brazilian kids that try to communicate with the server even though they can hear we speak a totally different language.
Why is this shit Trending? Fuck off.
How is this on trending!!! My videos are dank.
War for the planet of the Apes.
How is this on trending?
Why is this number 27 on trending in Australia?
this is the shit that should be on trending, not fucking soccer highlights or SNL or vevo
literally sounded like someone was ripping your balls off.
Reminds me the dude running away screaming in rust legacy
this is a good video
The little monster has been eliminated,sir.
There is no mercy to be had in this cruel world of gaming!!!
why is this trending\n(Watches video) \n*HAHAHAHAH*
Yeeaaahhh...this is about right
Harambe...?
“Add to playlist”\n“Favorites”
😅😂😂😂😂😂😂
The monkey reeeeeeeee
Classic youtube video right here
Stupid monki
Chimps are evolving.
WHY IS THIS TREANDING
19 subs. 30k ppl don't give a f
Hahaha
TriHard 7
*sounds like a chimpanzee*
Fukin ask Kotaku why its on trending
Brexit incoming!
TRENDING WTF !!!
Hahahahahahaah
Why is this trending?
Continue the journey!
10/10
18 on trending
This is art
Incredible
AYYAAYAYAYAAHYAHAHGWAGDHWHADBWHEAGDWADHAWD WAdejbA IM DYING LAUGHINHgggg
is this postal 2
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS TRENDING!!!!!
Funny thing is, this is trending. He has 23 subs, and adsense not enabled (as before it was trending he had less than 10,000 views on his channel)..... Not sure how or why it's trending, but well done.
Tell me that's a girl
sub to me ill sub back with 5 bots
Your are #18 On trending in the UK!
Why is this in trending?
And yet after this video getting 24k+ he only has 1 subscriber
I'm fucking crying this is the best PUBG clip I've ever seen
Why is this #17 trending 😂
That's me \n\n\n\n\nThe one screaming and running
What game is this??
That 10 yr old sounded like a bastard monkey screaming
+PLAYERUNKNOWN your game has made it to trending\nCongrats
Luis Suarez scores late for a point! Griezmann to Barca in the summer for 100m € release clause? 🔥🔥
athletico just gain a fan here.
We need dembele back need to sign a couple of defenders we have plenty of midfielders Roberto a put coming Legend not complain but really enjoy this game but hope we learn from it
So cringey attempting to listen to English people trying to put on Spanish accents when pronouncing things...
does anyone know if this stadium is bigger than barcas staudium?! it looks hugee
If you want a professional resume template,please visit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36m1o-tM05g
Barca is great team but for some known reasons I fuckin hate Pique .
Hi, My name is Michael Smith and I have a daily job offer for you. I am a hacker who can load your U.S and Canada bank account, credit card and PayPal account. If interested email me at (Rudimick992@gmail.com) and let talk business
Ronaldo is king of football!
wtf why Gomez to starte the game because of Gomez we can't win the game we have better player dannis, deloufae n Roberto to starte the game instaed of Gomez this is first time varvelde make mistake in the squad to lose the point I hope he won't make a mistake again in the next  many game to play otherwise barca derserve to win this match
I feel the commentators were trying way too hard to pronounce the player's names in a Spanish way.
its the death of football the ball is so light and fast the keeper cant see it you rarely see anything spectacular from keepers because the ball is so fast they only can block it by instinct \n90s produced amazing players in all positions now they try to benefit attackers and dribblers as much as possible but the real highlights belong in all parts of the game\n90s and early 2000 teams used to be a lot more complete but now football is dead because all they care about is goals
4.12 was that pronounced correctly? Xd
That last pass by Andre Gomes was really skillful. I wonder if he meant to bounce it on the ground
Awxm
Didn't know Messi was such a little bitch... crying over every damn touch
good game
gotta say i love the commentators in this match!!
@ darsaimpex for soccer kits check @darsImpex.com
https://youtu.be/PJCXHUykcOU
Hi, i am a new fifa 18 youtube gamer, fifa 18 and i'm trying to grow my youtube channel SUBSCRIBE! MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET SOME SUBS PLEASE
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
Commentators are trying way too hard to pronounce the players names correctly.
Deulofeu should be starting almost all matches right now along with Denis and Roberto. Rakitic should be benched imo and give Iniesta a rest often times. Andre Gomes should also play more against weaker teams to get more confidence and keep him going. He can improve.
Why cant this commentator pronounce their names correctly😂
These commentators are so shit.
Great game from both teams
msi king of the king
The stadium is beautiful.
Atletico Madrid's new stadium is almost look alike Wembley Stadium lol
Wow this is almost as great as pubgswag.com
Wonderful class of football all round
barca had 2 great opportunities to win the match. saurez tap in and his shot that he could have passed to messi in front of him
Suarez great player but what a cunt
Atletico Madrid vs Barcelona 1-1 - All Goals & Extended Highlights - La Liga
12:55 Really?  like come on!
Barca coach is a fuck.. He like bring in paulhoo very late in games .. It just  making Great messi effort use less.. He needs to get his ass right moving forward.. Well done World Best  Messi
1 point a piece... Good
Barca Should have won that but Oblak has to be there all the time. Why is he so good
/watch?v=yjgL5hVzq-o Goals \nvery nice video (Y)
It was an excellent job, congratulations team
this draw match feel angry to me viva Barca go forward
Pls coach Gomez's is 3rd player for our team Congrats to Suarez
The was he says Griezmann is annoying
Barcelona is the best ever!
we played against atletcio de madrid, one of the greatest clubs in the world, and tied to them in their new stadium. Real madrid played getafe, a small team that is barely coming back to la liga, and barely won 2-1. Real madrid fans sure are nervous when they see barca still isnt in second place lol.
Wow what a jump suarez
athletico deserved the win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJsNE_EwJBU
Panic 08:09
@@
Most evil tackle... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo22Al8H7GU
This commentator is annoying
my left ear came
Barca should of won
#atleticomadridenglish
https://www.facebook.com/tuvancadobongda/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQBSGexy02A go go go
go messi go suarezzzz
sowel negweth
ANDRE GOMEZ IS SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
suarez messi good
ART OF GOALSCORING  --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUcQZAbQDDI
kopet
Barça ... poor defense
last 3mins were exciting
Pique is becoming obsolete
Fantastic game!
Ronaldo si
Barca Yessssssss Love Barca, Madridiot
Suarez silencing the stadium
inscrevam sehttps://youtu.be/q6dR1mGAXVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0CNjfcjnVE
Great video
messi dive again
Best Business website click planetbusiness5
#4 on trending. Congrats!
Messi played good
FO.. BARCA...SUAREZ A BITING DOG AND MESSI A MESSED UP MAN.... U CAN SCORE ONLY ONE TO ONE... AND IN 100 GOALS IF AND IF SCORED FROM LONG DISTANCE COMMENTETORS AND PEOPLE SHOUT LIKE CRAZY.. IDIOTS..WHO HAD WORD.... I WANT TO BE IN TEAM WHERE RONALDO IS THAT FINISHESSS ALLLLLLL...... HAHAHAHAAAHAHAAA
Barca is different from Argentina. Messi isn't always good and nice to score and be a Messiah to carry his team from disappointment. It's just a simple thing, because Messi is human. He needs to be relaxed to have the best manner. At Barca, the players around can score without Messi, but Argentina can't. This makes me so sad and unhappy.\nHope Messi will always have the best emotional before every match! <3
The way this bloke says Suarez is so fucking. Annoying
The Ting goes Skkkkrrrrraaa
#freeCatalonia\n#freeTibet\n#jc4pm
Luis Suarez scores late for a point! Griezmann to Barca in the summer for 100m € release clause? 🔥🔥\nthe best atack but + martial = the best potential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnVcCtC_1iY \namazing free style
What an amazing game, is lovely to see another good team in the league, atlético has done his job pretty well lately
Juan Oblak is class!!
I lowkeylove that new home kit from Atleti
That was a great game, I'm not even a Barca fan
https://youtu.be/ebeoacmAhXc ur welcome
If you are new visitor , Subscribe for more videos\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3-1fvxo8DUdrVa0Pf0Z5-w
Great game. Both teams playing exciting, entertaining football.
Guys Barca love messi \nReal Madrid love Ronaldo\n\nBut Football Love Ronaldinho
Barcelona is not lose every mach
Come back is real :D
what a match!!!  Barcelona was unlucky
Dont watch this video .... \nI repeat its a trap. Dont watch this video\nhttps://youtu.be/W7GY8HPG-pc
Griezmann was called the 'franchise player' wtf does that mean
https://youtu.be/X7MLLcEA_O8\nThanks for watching my youtube channel guys. 👌
Greeyezman was on a mad one. Suareth scored a great header. Good game!
2:23 \nthank me later
Troy Deeney In Wenger Out
Arsenal have no nuts? Looks like they need to sign a snickers in January.
He said the truth.\nArsenal is fucking shit this season!
Hats off to Deeney. Exposing Arsenal for the mercinary shithouses they are. I feel for the Arsenal fans, they deserve better than this for the money they pay every season.
Nonsense. What has his bravery done for Watford? They'll never finish above Arsenal despite their nuts
No english team, even the national, have 1 cojon at least
When was the last time you finished in the top 4....or top 10?????
As an arsenal fan, this is sad to hear.
Overweight  Troy Deeney what a tube that's why he's still with a bucket team the cunt dived and cheated I blame the ref he should be punished it's time to punish refs for there stupid mistakes it's costing teams
Derby will be remembered for his post match interview and never as a good footballer!🖕😊
Brilliant, someone should seriously look at Troy as a pundit whenever he chooses to retire.
Im an Arsenal fan and he's not wrong with anything he said about us.
Fook me that boy is ugly bless him, slagging off arsenal, just a run ov the mill prem player, never never never get in arsenals team
Can't even hate on Deeney. My blood is Arsenal but he nailed everything. Better attitude than everyone apart of our damn club.\n\nI feel he has some love for Arsenal knowing how his son supports us - it's sad to know the reality of how poor things have become for us.
always a blue nose!
Troy Deeney speaks sense and is so honest about what he brings to the table, England need more players him
ya still a sack of shit deeney, I'd rather have titus bramble play in your position
I am an arsenal fan and I totally agree with Troy he is so right
who gives a fuck what a bloke called troy thinks...shit cunt
This guy also kicked an already unconscious guy in the head on a night out.
Is the guy in the ponytail a real person ? That voice with that hair with those clothes is a peculiar combination
Man sounds like he has mucus in his throat😂😂
Omg get him on as a commentator!!! Never heard anything so real- us fans relate to guys like that- he needs to be on match of the with ian wright
Deeney says hes the man with no ego - come off it Mr self proclaimed hard man.. Also his ego has just told the arsenal defence how to play them in the return fixture...man before team
fucking humble bloke hes a perfect example for young footballers
Who is this guy?
Hi, i am a new fifa 18 youtube gamer, fifa 18 and i'm trying to grow my youtube channel SUBSCRIBE! MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET SOME SUBS PLEASE
Lol troy deeney jus told them brum style!!! Their not on it!
Way to go Troy......he is great inspiration in so many ways :)
He invited his prison friends and scored an own goal Last season
Arsenal fan but Deeney told it true. Props to him
Damn, this nigga fucked Arsenal hard. Fucking Arsenal man makes me have a heart attack every weekend
Troy is a smart guy.
Watford are doing a great job, everyone though they was going down. MARCO SILVA.#
state of savage's haircut
Respect to you Troy
Nice to see a footballer actually give a true opinion on something instead of a textbook answer. Refreshing to see!
Pillow bath European here defendant violence wave bitter down best so
How dare you Troy! Arsen just bought a packet of KPs.
If Troy Deeney can sit there and point out these flaws not long off the pitch, surely the Arsenal players themselves know that they've not got the grit or fight to ever win the league. I've never thought Wenger's failings were tactics, it's always been in his lack of mentality in leadership to incite a reaction out of his team.
is it jus me or is deeney speaking like an arsenal fan
i can just imagine Roy Keane in this arsenal team,he would be sent off every game for hitting his own team mates,this was a case of men against jelly babies
Arsenal is a failed state. They need aid and water and urgent  restructuring. But they are held captive by an evil dictator.  There's only one man who can save them.  Trump.
Big up to troy. Only if more footballers were like This!
Bolasie scores the winner against Arsenal, then trolls arsenal on twitter by saying hes going to enjoy arsenal fan tv, Troy deeney scores against arsenal then goes on National TV and says Arsenal dont have nuts and he loves playing against them, Arsenal have been hammered by big teams so much times that now even smaller teams like watford and palace want a piece too
Deeney just saying everything arsenal fans have known know for a while now
Can't even get mad it's true
such a normal bloody person not some marketable twat. big up deeney
Deeney a Watford player is finally the first player to say what all fans think about a modern day but mostly shitty arsenal back four
90% of the likes on this video i guarantee are from Gunners
I mean yeah they won but cmon acting like Watford beat arsenal all the time...1 win yet come end of season arsenal will be around the top Watford will be nowhere near it
I want a mouthful of egg fart
Since when do current players come on the show? This is great. Cojones
I swear Robbie Savage has been on the drink.
It’s true the players of that club care more about their hairstyles
This is humiliation for Arse'nal Training Centre. Nobody players are telling them how they bullied them during the game and how they will bully them in future games. The best run club in the world?
Arsenals problem isn't lacking physicality Barcelona dont have physicality arsenals problem is mental all of their players r mentally weak u look at barca similar types of players but mentally strong all r winners they even get dirty busquets for eg everyone talks about his passing understanding of the game nobody talks about his defensive skills or that hes got a nasty side as well he lets opposition players know whats what everytime u play him messi iniesta mindset of winners thats y they r so successful over such a long period
He is ranting coz he does not have the skills to play for big clubs,
Love the honesty of this session.
Still a better team than Watford though
Thick as two short planks is Troy Deeney glorified pub standard player he is stealing a living
Not sure why this on my recommendations, but this dude talks way to much. Not a good look.
he backs his shit up in teh field and is hard working and honest fellow..I wish we had more players with mentality like that in Arsenal..The last goal just shows how pathetic our players are in terms of as a unit...fcukin disgrace
Deeney thinks he's it but he's right about the arse.
Deeney isn’t even being a prick because he’s such a lovely guy. He’s a great leader and that’s clear.
Troy has cauliflower face
Mans not hot
Troy needs a cameo on AFTV!
Deeney for England makes pure sense
Troydinhi
Like an empty Asylum!!
DEEEENEEEEY
Troy Deeney looks like a bloated Drake!
not champion arsenal
Great from deeney here
Stfu Deeney ur trash.
He’s excellent
well thought out guy
Big flattering ram
legend!
Deeney look like Shrek fam
respect
SPOT. FUCKING. ON!
Hes right.. wenger no nuts but bananas, players no nuts but ananas.. upset man
DETIK DETIK SEBELUM MENINGGAL KIPER PERSELA CHOIRUL HUDA https://youtu.be/WvL6wpZQQQk
very honest interview!
Deeney for president
England captaincy please!!!!!
Aii Deeney kept it real
black sloth
What a lad
Troy Deeney looking for Nuts 👀
Btec Drake and Goonies looking idiot.
Deeney needs to shut the Fuck up. His side got a gifted penalty and all of a sudden he's the guru of Arsenal futbol club.. this is a man who is starting on the bench for Watford, has never won shit and has never been good enough to play for a big club, let alone represent his country, now he's running his mouth about Arsenal and Ozil? Shut up mate.. !
I dont watch any football games but I love wathcing this talk show its great
Seriously though Troy Deeny plays for watford how can he be criticising arsenal like arsenal are bottom of the league? Jesus... talk about getting gassed..
loool man scores a goal afta 14 matches and thinks his the best in da leahue fukin watford bencher
this swollen drake needs to pipe down
1 lucky win and he gets so cockey
Congrats from a Benfica fun you are going up \o/
Diogo jota is incredible
As a portuguese is nice to see portuguese youngsters shinning on Wolves especially Jota..Wolves are going up for sure!
im a aston villa fan, well done wolves good game.
I hope we can keep Jota...
You're team is far too good for the championship, definitely going up
WOLVES AY WE🔶⚫️🐺
What a game, what a performance what a result! The wolves are going up! \n\n#COYW
Absolutely battered them! Could have been 4 or 5 ! COYW
champions league football... here we come...
39 on trending lol
Wolves squad is too good for the Championship, they will def lift the trophy in the end, can't wait to play in the Molineux in FIFA 19 ~~
For the first time in ages, I watched a Wolves game and couldn't help but smile. It was like watching Brazil at times.
Signing Jota on a permanent is the most important part of the January tranny window !
Clicked like before the video began. Well done Wolves! Put these wannabees in their place.
How is this trending?
Hi ho wolverhampton
Wolves aye we 🔶◾️🔶◾️
TRENDING!!! COYW!!!!
premier legue 2018
🔶⬛️
Woo. I don't know anything about football. But woo! Wolverhampton.
Wolves for the championship. I am a Villa fan and I have no problem in realising that wolves are just too good for this league. Then ran the game, we had no chance. That Jota guy was immense, he would just pick up the ball and instantly turn on are defenders. Looks like a mini Griezmann.\nEven though people were predicting Villa as champions, I honestly saw us as playoffs, I do think we will achieve this but it will be hard.\nI know this might sound weird, but I would love to see us, Wolves and Birmingham pack in the prem, because them the derbies would be in a league where they do belong.\nFair play Wolves, you are a lock for the championship, great team, great fans, great coach.\n\n#UTV\n#COTW
We are to good for championship COYW🔶◼️🔶◼️
Fuk u im  fite  u
Haha trending COYW
Could we get this without the fake after-the-event commentary? Someone who knows the players' names and can at least feign some interest?
The force is strong in these lads! 🔶⬛️🔶🔝
DIRTY SCUMBAG HUTTON KICKED CAVILEIRO ALL OVER THE PARK AND WE ALSO HAD A STONEWALL PENO SHOUT. WE GOIN UP ANYHOW, C'MON ME BABIES ;-)
It was a scintillating performance with technical ability that tore villa apart... a long way to go but that has to be a bench mark performance which if way sustain will see us promoted  !! WOLVERHAMPTON WANDERERS FOOTBALL CLUB  - pride of the black country  😚😚😚
John terry is a bawbag
Nice one Wolves from a baggies fan 😀
The commentator is great at stating the bleedin obvious isn't he? it's headed over.. it's...just wide. I know you have to tailor things to your audience but even your average Wolves fan can see that!
Proud of these boys, ay we?
Well done wolves proud of you
I am a walves  fan we are going up this season don't think we're finished top second place I reckon and we are going to the Champions League bring on Barcelona and Real Madrid win them all
We will give City a run for their money
I knew it was 2-0 begore video probably because i went and watched it at the stadium #WolvesForever
WOLVES AY WE - who are ya who are ya , thought you were gona crash our party - COME ON WOLVES our time is coming
Portugies all players are so good in wolves club the club have so many skillful players thanks the club it makes portugies team better
Completely outplayed them this is our year 🐺🐺🐺
Great win guys can you check out my little boys football channel little superstar thank you
Good game, awful commentator, he barely even mentions any of the players names
WERE WOLVERHAMPTON, WERE TOP OF THE LEAGUE!
OPPAHAAHAHHAHAH 22K SUBS
33...
2 dislikes are villa fans 😂😂😂 FWAW!!!!
Wolves aye we
Go on me babies!
DETIK DETIK SEBELUM MENINGGAL KIPER PERSELA CHOIRUL HUDA https://youtu.be/WvL6wpZQQQk
15th highest trending video on YouTube 🔶⚫️
Tiptop team coyw
AAYY OH WOLVERHAMPTON!
Wolves #10 on trending
MENDES FC
We Are Wolves⚫🔶
Were trending
Those 9 salty dislikes tho!   #WWFC
Calm down wolves you only beat aston villa, fans going on like you're gonna win the champions league
PNE next saturday bet u Jota or Bonatini will score
As a Birmingham fan...thank you wolves KRO we will smash them at the end of the month
Just the best football I've seen in a long long time and that includes Premier league and Champions league. Diogo Jota and Ruben Neves are world class players and the whole team is superb. Fantastic football and a wonderful time for Wolverhampton Wanderers FC and I love it
I`m glad Wolves are doing well but I`m really sad David Edwards is not at Wolves anymore. What a great and committed  player for Wolves he was!
hahaha john terry you slimy slow has been
Done me proud yesterday keep it up wolves ☝️😃😃😃😃😃😃
Second goal was handball surely. Deserved win though
Well done wolves shitty villa fans
26th in trending mad 😂😂😂
Hahaha trending top 10 Kill me now, shitty team in Champions ship
CHILLS CHILLS CHILLS AAAAAAAAA THEY WON'T STOP
why you gonna come out during my finals -_-
This time it gets bigger and better
Wait is eleven dead? Or is she in this season...
this is gonna be so epic
I swear if they kill off Harper....
So....... the score for this trailer sounds like “disc wars” from tron. No? Just me.......\n\nI wonder if daft punk is listening and thinking the same......again, just me?
This Halloween is definitely going to a great one..
First 20 seconds and I’m like WAFFLESSSSSS
Guys guys guys what if that figure, is the mother...the one who reins supreme in the upside down...creator of the demogorgons
I think this is one of the best trailers for anything ever
I know what I’m doing this Halloween
The soundtrack are just amazing!
I thought the thumbnail was junie from spy kids for a second lmao
thought the cover picture was Juny from Spy Kids lol
Haven't started watching Stranger Things yet but this gave me goosebumps!
What's that monster
I just had a nerdgasm
This show ranked 8th at https://www.historyandheadlines.com/october-18-2017-10-best-horror-shows-currently-playing-television/
I AM SOOOO READY! I can't wait to see mikes reaction to seeing eleven again!
I'm going to watch this
Q:  More of that? A: Yes, please.
First time I watched this show i just remember some gurl was getting dragged into some pit, I was having a blast watching this show cuz my gf was sucking the &%#* out of my *@#$
1:38 if anyone can stop this ITS TOOTHLESS MF
Oh man I am so excited for this next season of stranger things! \nThe crew is back, Eleven returns and im loving the look of that Thessalhydra. I can't wait!
im really happy cuz Will will get to have more screening time in this season and i can't believe Noah can do those kind of stuff, like,,,, its hard to explain but i just love this part 1:31 , cuz i didnt know he does those stuf, like, he can be a great actor
10 MORE DAYS WOOO\n\nIM SO HYPED\nI GUESS I WONT BE SLEEPING ON HALLOWEEN!
Word on the streets is Will eats ass.
I said this is insane at least 57 times while watching this
YALL KNOW WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
I am hyped I'm gonna make popcorn and watch this whooooo
2:00 \n“It doesn’t LOOK like caca to me señor”\n-Will, 1984
HEY NETFLIX SHUT FUCK UP UNTIL ITS OUT NOW, fuckin mediocre ass show. sci fi horror died in the early 90s
Winona need to chill she got a vein popping out of her neck 24/7 I’m getting high blood pressure just watching her
So how did that one guy get Lucille?
Better have some S P O O P Y  B O I S
Sweet Jesus!  I love this Show. Can't  wait binge the 2nd season!
I'm skipping school to binge watch it at midnight lol
I can't wait
still haven't finished the first season yet
Why am I breathing so heavy?
Does anybody know where I can watch season 2 on October 27?
WHO'S freaking out??? I'M FREAKING OUT!!!!!
why did he keep that bat in his car?
Am I the only one who saw the red her and said\n\n:WHO THE FUH IS YOU???\n\nI swear to God if Mike kisses or starts to like her instead of 11 \nDon't blame the fans if she's gone 👀😐
My friends are coming over to my house and were freaking gonna binge watch this in 1 god darn day. No one can tell us to stop boi
What a good birthday gift
Umm so does anyone know if eleven is gonna come back ???🤷🏻‍♀️
omg im happy but i dont kno why they now switched it to halloween i was so hyped up!
Just finished watching the first season and I'm ready for 2!
OVER A YEAR OF WAITING AND I AM GONNA FINISH THIS SEASON IN 2 DAYS BUT I AM STILL READY
This is going to be cool af I am sooooo exited
One of the best Season 2 trailer on Youtube so far :)
As if all episodes drop at the same time lol
I’m so ready for this
is this show PG rated? 10 year olds actors suggest it is
Thought it was the kid from spykids lmao
*W H O  Y A  G O N N A  C A L L ?*
If they can handle a alien with teeth for a face and a alien shape shifting clown from another dimension i know god damn well they can handle the fleshy alien version of the omnidroid from the incredibles
2:37 aaaand suddenly it's night
Hekkin yeSSS
it’s lit
that's freaky awesome...
check my shit out
ELEVEN!!
Yasss can't freakin wait !!!😁😄😀
instagram.com
Awesome..
god dammit will
I ACTUALLY CANNNNOOOOTTTTT WAAAAAAIIIIITTTT ANY LONGER
omg omg omg omg. ELEVEN DONT FUDGING LEAVE MIKE AGAINNNN. (Btw nice curly fries 😂)
Cant wait to watch!!!
IM SO EXCITED
AAAAAAHHHHH!! Literally can't wait!
HYPPEEEE
Fully Erect!
Season 1: yEAH\nSeason 2: YEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH
Another season to binge 🙂❤️
WHO ELSE IS HYPED
Samwise!
Bro im shook
IMS ORE ADYYODO N TEVEN NO !
HELL FUCKIN YEAHHHHH
Best show in 2017
JUSTICE FOR BARB
10 MORE DAYS OMgHFjGfFhJ SOOOOOOOo EXCITED!!!!
Hype
yay! netflix and chill time hmm october 27th
I CAN'T BREATHE
Oh my g o d
Frog face :D\nBtw i like No teeth
I'm so happy this show was made
I have a Halloween dance on the 27 at my school so I have to go to it then I'm gonna go watch this
I just got jitters
10 days
2:35 Lucille: Origins
Im f...ing ready Whoooooooo!!!😲😲
aww all their voices got deeper
The one with the nails?!?!?!?! Qeue up the Negan fam!
OMG IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTERRRRR
Oblak, the greatest
Luis is back
Partidazo
MATS is the best.\nMarc\nAndre\nTer\nStegen
LIKE SI MESSI ES EL MEJOR DEL MUNDO
Suarez is a hero
Que grande Messi ♡
Le grand barça
I don't support either team, but the whole shushing gesture towards opposing fans needs to stop in football. Why not show some class and run over to your own fans and embrace them for backing you, rather than stoop to the level of the average fan giving you verbal abuse for 90 minutes? The only time I can condone the shushing gesture is if racial bile is being aimed at players, that shit is NOT okay.
Yo sabia el barca no iba a dejar ganar . Toma cholo pensaste que ibas a ganar
Pessi
It was a great game nobody won nobody lost it was a Draw go barca go messi go team go
Una vez másssssss  VAMOS BARÇA....LUCHO SUÁREZ VAMOSSS
Resultado injusto, el Barca mereció ganar el partido :v
Velverde really trying to fuck up Gomes career placing him RM. C'mon man give him a first place as a CM. 2 shots.
Griezman was on a mission
The english comment u r looking for
Just an English comment passing through :P
Penaldo Tapinaldo Divenaldo is the worst player in the world
Good and fabulous match performances from every players of both the team.\nYet Stegen  - Awwwwww \nAf  a long time. Been an good match to watch.
👈👌
Saúl puto amoooo
Барса без неймара даже лучше!
Good barca team\n               Suarez\n\nSane                      Dembele\n    \n                Messi\niniesta                busquets\n\nAlba   Umtiti  Pique Semedo\n              Ter   Stegan\n\nSane and Dembele add pace  in the wing
Барса чёрты не смогли Атлетико ёбнуть
Sack the Barca coach
Sell Gomez ffs
DETIK DETIK SEBELUM MENINGGAL KIPER PERSELA CHOIRUL HUDA https://youtu.be/WvL6wpZQQQk
vow of silence
Aúpa atleti
o .
VISCA EL BARCA.💪 👊
ViscaelBarca!
Porquería de resumen: en que no viera el partido parece que sólo jugó el atlético. No sacaste más jugadas del Barça como el penalti a Messi. Dedícate a panadero, esto no es tu fuerte.
Que grande Suarez
cuando ba jugar barcelona vs ajuventus
Gooool de Barcelona va mos 😘❤
https://youtu.be/_TP2XV6bioo
Pura mierda pique
Barca scum on the cover
Gabon
Piqué debería salir y pedir perdón a toda España, sería la única manera en que los pitos cesaran un poco, por que esto tiene pinta de que en cada provincia que vaya serán pitos y mas pitos
vaya puta mierda de miniatura un payaso provocando a la grada que inutil
Espectacular
Este Barca tiene buena pinta eh...😏
Madridistas hijos de puta
Jogão
English?
Barca tooooop
bravo😱😱😱😱mm s
Intense game
messinin vuruşu direye deymeseydi 1-2 olucakdı
A clear handball..😑
Ter khrigan hhhhhhh
Abajo el barsa
Fue un buen partido
Si os gusta el cine os recomiendo este nuevo canal de YouTube!\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Xi-e7i8lKOE
Like si quieres que Claudio bravo vuelva al barça
Seguí haciendo goles Luis, es lo que molesta parece.
amo el festejo de suarez jajaja NACIONAL TE ESPERA CRACK
Parece enfadado Bojack Horseman
Terdggsgewrjd
Los dos equipos están masomenos al mismo nivel.. aunque al Barça le hacen más refuerzos..
Porque el Atlético no metio a alex hunter?
Yeaaaa
Buen video y buen partido 😊 sigue asi OMG me encanto like
TODO EL MUNDO QUE ESTA VIENDO ESTE VIDEO SE TIENE QUE SUSCRIBIR AL CANAL, DAR A LA CAMPANITA I DAR LIKE / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrvuaofJ68Y
Solo ponen las ocasiones del Atleti o que? Y la primera de Messi en el minuto 1?...
Cuidado que pega como cotto\nNo sé cómo llegué aquí
Bien por Suarez callando a los españoles xd
Fue un buen partido y el resultado lo vi mas o menos justo por lo que se vió, en los últimos minutos si hubiéramos aprovechado varias ocasiones de gol probablemente hubiéramos ganado el encuentro.
Que pena el barca estuvo a nada d ganar
Bonito partido 👌\n\nMuy buena segunda mitad del Barsa :D
Vaya Criticas a la celebración\nA sido igual que Messi al bernabeu o Raúl al Camp nou\nCada uno celebra los goles como quiera
Miren a estos chavales jugar al fútbol https://youtu.be/nneL0I3l-dU
Cruz Azul y el barca están igual
Soy del Madrid y hubiera merecido que ganará  el barca  porque el Atleti es una mierda verlo jugar marca o algo y a la defensiva,eso no lo hace ni el Málaga xd
Puto vampiro de mierda que se vaya a comer pollas el jugador mas guarro de la historia de la liga y hasta que no acabe la mafia de la liga con sus presidentes corruptos siempre recibira ayudas este mierda club
Suarez mandando a callar al atletico k payaso
Suárez es dios
*HALA*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*MADRID*
VIVA ESPAÑA UNIDA!!! MUERTE A LOS SEPARATISTAS!!!\nY AUPA ATLETI!!!!!
Common play torres at the start not as a sub.. Torres is really ruining whatever career he has left by staying at athletico.\nThe playing style of athletico doesn't suit torres a bit and that is destroying torres
Estos culerdos son un disco rallado,son tan aburridos que solo saben decir que Mezzi es el mejor de la historia,aunque empaten
Messi el mago ,,desaparecida buahahaha 😝🖕🏽
Jaaajj Luis Suarez is a boss, shut the fuck up wanda
Que grande Suárez mandando callar para darse un poco más de importancia por que actualmente no está entre los 20 mejores delanteros
Como siempre el atletico es griezman y el portero y 9 mas
Man city are buying Messi
00:53 si eso entraba ... 😱
Atleti demostrando otra vez las sucias ratas que son. Su fútbol es de vergüenza y que la afición lo apoye es denigrante. Así NUNCA serán grandes. Que fútbol más SUCIO.
Madre mía Griezmann...
Barsani hər halına sevirəm
AUPA ATLETI
Hala Madrid!!
Fursbol,deporte de niñatos campeones en tirarse y fingir,de ultras,donde todo vale,piedes subirte a una valla con un nene de cuatro años a decir bobadas que encima de aplaudirte te sacan en el dia despues,donde once pisa praos de octava categoria reciben mas ayudas que auteticos campeones de otras disciplinas olimpicas,que ademas,al llegar los juegos y quedar cuartos a todos estos fursboleros que no empataron con nadie a nada en su miserable vida les parece un fracaso de la hostia guiados por esos iluminados del marca y del chiringuito,esos Hermel y Roncero,archi conocidos por sus exitos y conocimientos(e imparcialidad :) ).Si un deporte de mierda,con una inmensa mayoria de aficionados de mierda,con unos valores de mierda,para una sociedad que apesta a mierda.Eso sin mencionar lo ladrones y defraudadores que son,ni de los MILES de millones de euros que deben estos hijoputas a Hacienda(o sea,a todos)Un delirio,pero como por el fursbol la masa traga lo que sea,desde pagar un dineral por un partido de ful un lunes a las diez,hasta justificar lo injustificable(peleas de ultras,jugadores delincuentes,presidentes defraudadores )una joya el futbol,vamos...
El hándicap es real
Messi ya no juega como antes pero cuando esté en la selección argentina juega bien pero cuando está en la Barcelona no juega bien habrá que pasa a Messi con ganas Messi
El Farza tan sortudo como siempre 😂😂😂
A quien ace callar el payaso ese de suares es un empate y lo ace ni que ubiesen ganado la liga le falta mucho para acer callar que payasos por favor esos cules que payasos an sido siempre y son por eso tienen 5 champions y nosotros 12
Lol should've thought of that before you had children to him, now you're stuck with his crap
Is there somewhere to watch the show online?
Dead eyes, expressionless faces and vaginas like old wind socks, The Kardashians.
💤💤💤💤💤
Boooorringggg
Keeping up with the sluts
New episode 😍
Can someone tell me the number of this channel
No need to learn the alphabet in Scott and Kourtney's house.  It's all about the numbers.  Money and ratings.  :-(
First yasss
Kourtney is so messed up why even let him get u pregnant 3 times
Outstanding performance.
SHE FUCKING KILLED IT
It's a shame that people find P!nk boring.
I like this song
Your amazing  I love you 💖. Such an inspiration.  You rock it everytime.  Adding to my playlist
She’s got a beautiful voice ❤️
Beautiful!!
Slay queen SLAY!!!!!!🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Such an authentic heart.  😘
She is AMAZING! Always have been
The pipes this woman has...
What an amazing talent. Like every song\nWas written in my world. Love you PINK. See you in March.
Damn, I been sleeping on Pink. She still dope!
she is such a talented singer. she is so bad ass and bold i love herrrr🖤
Beautiful  voice of an angel . Lovely   Gentle soul.  Sweet honest loving caring human humble \nI pray that no matter where you go in your life your ready for more of life's journey \nGod Bless you
Great voice
What About Us
God, I love that woman.
I just love this song! ❤️
Everytin she does is kl
such a powerful voice and message! amazing..
P!nk SINGS! That voice my God!
She sang her fucking face off... bravo!!!!!
Such an amazing live singing voice in my opinion, a real breath of fresh air today, I've  been a huge fan of hers for many years and she never disappoints !! Can't wait to see her live at MSG next April !! U ROCK PINK and I LOVE YOU girl !!
What about all the happy ever afters 😭😭
Please don't leave me, P!nk.
My god I love her. She has a powerhouse vocalistm she is a wonderful human being. She I'd bad ass. I am seeing her live in May and I fucking cant wait
She's always been great!
Her hair is effortlessly amazing all the time.
I like Pink because she can sing WITHOUT auto tune, meaning she has actual talent. As far as what ANY singer or actor has to say politically, economically, or socially, don't care and don't want to hear it in any manner shape or form, any day of the week, and twice on Sunday.
The Magnificent  Pink . Loved that.
Btw, anyone who agrees that Pink and Stevie Nicks would probably make an awesome duet? I would love to hear Stevie do 'Edge of seventeen' with Pink... *a girl can dream*
Come on pink your old stuff is much better, this is shite lol.
So happy she is back :D great vocals, good song and a nice outfit. Al together awesome
She is an incredible artist. I love her. She puts her heart so much in her music. I almost want to cry...
This song. Every time. So many feels. <3 P!nk!
Amazing voice, never a disappointment. Can't wait to see her next year in So Cal.
This woman is such a inspiring person \nLove her
She is and always true to herself. She is who she is, she is strong, she is a mother, she is a wife, she is a badass, she is so talented and she is what girls should aspire to be like!
I wanna see P!nk live so bad!
https://www.facebook.com/best99zone/
Whiney liberal anthem
She is flawless
p!nk4ever
p!nk💕
❤
*_PINK IS THE BOMB!_*
My dream is to sing on that stage one day....
didnt know she was a Somalian pirate.
I know this is random but her guitarist back there looks just like Kristen Wiig! Lol and of course Pink is amazing as usual. 💓
Love her so much❤
Do a good deed today and click the link to my video to help me reach 10,000 views. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO8EnOeMrRI
god damn this song is annoying, they play it on the radio constantly
Can't believe this shit is popular, music and politics should stay separated
yessss
She kills it every time. She can't do any wrong in my book. She is amazing
Legit thought snl was about to make fun of pink and I was like how tf are u gon make fun of a great song
And I want that outfit!!!!
Pink is amazing all her songs are amazing LEGEND 💜💜💜
I don't like it when stars plagiarize the King MJ
I'm just back from holidays in Spain where I heard this for the first time and I'm obsessed with it by far my favorite pink song.
WHERE IS THE JAY-Z SNL PERFORMANCE? UPLOAD IT.
Best song in 2017
That voice...........!!!!!
P!nk for president! <3
My heart. ♥
She’s awesome😀...the colour...not so much haha
Does anyone know what she's wearing? That coat she has looks amazing.
She sang the fuck out of What About Us! Powerful vocals!!! So happy she saved her voice and quit smoking amazing!
fukin love this so hard
Pink for president!
GETTT ITTT!!! Yasssss!!!!!
She sounded flawless
Ugh! Yes, Alecia!
Pink is SUPER butch
🌎 earth vs trump !
If you want me to sub you just reply me I love helping people  out☺️☺️💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
I had no idea she was that good. Wow. Great band. Really great backup singers.
Love this amazing, freakishly talented lady. Saw her on tour in 2013 and hoping to see her again! I love the fact she sings LIVE, no auto tune BS!!!
P!nk is such a M!LF  #SNL43
You should sing opera, Pink.  Great band.
How does her voice just keep getting better?
Incredible voice.
Speechless.
gawd almighty-- what a set of pipes.....does play an instrument?
A great singer and songwriter. Love her
Damn...I'm 33 and P!nk has been badass since I was in high school.
Is that her real voice ... Because wow.
Can't wait to see her in Abu Dhabi 2017 F1. X.
Beautiful song from a  beautiful lady,
Thats how you own the SNL stage. amazing
UMMMM... 😮 amazing performance...! I can't help but feel like there is a deeper meaning to her lyrics and she's talking about how we as global brothers and sisters have been lied to and deceived by the few elite who are actually in power... F U, ROTHSCHILD, ROCKEFELLER ZIONISTS BANKERS ETC!!
The way she interacted with her backing singers nearly brought a tear to my eye. What an authentic beautiful inspiring woman.
P!NK is the new black)))...breathtaking, amazing, real, timeless...just superb!!!
that's what i call music
Real non fake pop star.
2:38 WOW.... just awesome combo ✌👏
Subscribe to my Channel! :) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNAvpczculh7BB5h-jk5oAg?view_as=subscriber
This is so dad...:(
Not a lyrically diverse song, especially when the title of song makes up 48% of the lyrics.
That guy wanted to see Lauren's ass bounce🍑😂
Mani's Rolly Tho🔥🔥🔥 but she killed That SHIT UP
He stopped it on twerk on purpose 😂 but I ain't complaining 😍
Dinah was like bitch I don't trust you
Did mani just say she didn't know how to do the dance??? Girl stop playing with these folks, we all know you know. 😂😂😂❤❤❤❤
💛Normani💛  is my dancing QUEEN, she hyped 😁😁
Mani need more black friends lol 😘😘😘😂
OMG DID ALLY BROOKE HERNANDEZ GET BLEEPED
ALLY CUSSED!!!
I literally died and went to Heaven watching Normani. Lauren tho... Wow
y’all normani killed that ahhh! i love her omg 😍
2:10 Ally said, What's the Milly Rock I've never heard of that ?
Dinah's robot looked good thoo. That's a sexy robot lol
Holy shit NORMANIIIII
Lauren picked the wrong day to wear that skirt. Hahahaha, she work it tho, with that little booty popping
Both Ally and Normani were bleeped 😂
Normani🔥
DID ALLY JUST CUSs
Normaniiiiiiiii 😍😍😍😍
2:20 Normani killed it
That guy did everyone a favour and let us see Lauren twerk ☺️
That wasn’t the Milly Rock..😂😘but we still love you Mani.
Even tho Normani didnt know what the milly rock was she fucked up that rolly tho!😍😍👸🏾I luv her
Damn Normani just fiu baby girl
Normani and Dinah was like boy move lmao
Mani got sway tho😎
That milly rock was A1
Normani giving me sza vibes 😍😍
Yes Dinah and Normani get it. yes girls slay
That's how they get it. They be off beat a little bit. 💀😂
Is anyone just gonna ignore the fact the ally said a bad word on fucking camera
NORMANI I cantndnfbfbf
I told guys Normani is the best dancers in the group. She dances so easily
He should've made Normani twerk😂😂
MANI STOOOOP ASHFOHDGALJG
I swear I love Normani
Normani😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
A: sh*t\n\nAllysus done allySINNED
Dinah: *spins then it lands*\nHim: see thats what you get\nDinah: *slays*\nhim:😶 uh.. well um Normani..\nNormani: naaaaaaah
Mani....
yo MONI SNAPPED AYYY lol
YOOO ALLY CUSSED LMAO
i love you,lauren...your beautiful hazel eyes...duh,
Lauren 😍😍😍
I love Dinah
That guy is toooo much, I can’t. He needs to stop with his attention seeking ass
Lauren 🤤🤤 i got a tight ass skirt 😂😂😂
If only normani had a red jacket they would all be matching
I love them but delete this fucking host he's ridiculous! Needs to have a seat
god normani looks like a killer after school snack!! 👅👅👅🔥🔥🔥
dc young fly the best hype man 2:14
Dinah is so cute she's like nah normani that's not the milly rock lol so cute
that guys is so annoying
Who's the 5 people who unlike this???  This was fun to watch
I love Ally so much 😍
Lol hold the fk up lol is it me or did that bleep out a whole lotta shyt because they thought they was gunna cuss... We ALL know our girls dnt cuss *thinks about Angel & Lonely Nights*....Nvm TRL u did good u did good 😂😂😂
Can somebody punch him? I can't stand that guy
Mani said she thought her boob was gonna pop out 😁
Lauren’s tongue while she was twerking 😍😍😍
When Dinah and Normani took over I died
l love when lauren vibing it.
THIS IS SO FUN WOW. IM SO GLAD OUR GIRLS CAN HAVE FUN BUT DO WORK AT THE SAME TIME.
Lauren you picked the wrong thing yo wear 😂❤❤
Dinah represents me! DO YA THING GIRL!
Haha every time ally said shit I love it
Ally swore?? Or did she say shoot, they just thought she was about to say it, because Allysus don't swear wtf
Mani whhyyyyy🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ Your rolly was cute but I’mma need you to learn how to Milly rock real quick. I still love you tho.
Who else watched Normani's dance 57 times?
That wasn’t the Milly Rock but baby girl still killed it 😍😭
A RARE FOOTAGE OF ALLY CUSSING AND THEY BLEEP IT
I'm like 95% sure that Ally said oh shoot but they might have confused it with the S word but ay is I'm wrong then HOLY FUDGE ALLY!!
I loved this but Normani did the rollie not the milly rock😂😭❤️
i loved this video but that boy is always screaming and that stressed me out\nJust my opinion
DID ALLY JUST CUSS ON LIVE TV????! GIRL SAME
Que isso Lolo essas pernas do lado de fora quer me matar? camz vai ficar com ciúmes de vc perto desse cara #camren
ALLYFUCKINGBROOKEFUCKINGHERNSNDEZJUSTFUCKINGCURSEDHOLYFUCK
Ally cussed @ :57... omg 😮 shooketh brah.... first time hearing her.#allysusisdead omg 😮
0:45 LAUREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNN
Lol I love DC Youngfly
DID ALLY SAY SHIT
We just gon ignore the fact ally cussed lol
JAJAJAJA que lindas😂😍
LAURENS ASSSSSSSSSSSSS
😍😍😍
WAIT DID ALLY GET BLEEPED GEEZ ALLYSIN
Allysin
😘😘😘
me encanto como bailo dinah
Anyone else hear Ally say Oh Shit! 😱😂
2:24 crying
oh Dinah😍😍n manI😘😘
Mani yesssss ❤️
I loved Dinah robot
MY GURL ALLYSIN CAME THROUGH WITH LINE DANCE YEEE HAWWW
im so whipped for them holy shit
Omg mani
Dinah 😂!!!! ❤️
I love you Allyson
Lmfaoo I love my girl mani but\n1. That wasn’t a milly rock. And mani knows how to milly rock I have a vid of them milly rocking during break at dance practice \n2. Her rolls was stiff as shit
I bet Ty When he saw Lauren booty poppin he like I own that booty lmao 😂
My baby is using lipstick 👄
I always knew this kid would be the breakout star. I'm starting to really enjoy him and what he's doing.
This guy aged twice as fast as everyone else
How can anyone not love this guy? He's the BEST EVER!!!
I'm so proud, I just want to cry honestly
God i love him so much
When he's singing on the couch and his whole body moves because he's putting in so much heart😍❤❤
I think its time we admit one direction will never be together as a band again. Sucks but its reality
First time hearing their songs.  He sure looks like the Artful Dodger, Jack Wild.
His lips are the prettiest colors. \nHe's still figuring it out? Oh.. he's just so humble. He sings the best of all singers nowadays.
I got honesty, vulnerability, hope, conviction and passion for his craft. here's hoping Harry remains uncorrupted by success.
why im so affected with everything that is happening to to him and in every little thing that he does? 😭
When ypu start crying in the middle...while the playback plays and your thinking 'where has time gone?' 'Where are my boys....I want them back...' its so hard.
here it is. THE LOVE OF MY LIFE, MY SUNSHINE, MY MOON AND ALL OF MY STARS. I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU HARRY
His voice is amazing.
10/10 SUCH a beautiful human oh my gawdddd
He's dad's taste for music is mine ❤️
6:17 my favourite part of the whole video 😍😍
That’s my baby ❤️❤️
They will never get back together again  💔 one direction is over
This literally makes me so sad
look how Russian police tries to stop this mad  man\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sgcDVIfoD0
Oh How I wish he would say all the way to the break......
I can't find the Only Angel live in the studio!! 😭😭😭
I still get a bit emotional seeing the X Factor moments. I'm so proud of how far he's come.
Zayn is the real inspiration here. Remember
6:16 My heart just melts completely 😍😍😍😍😍 He's soooooo cute
I just fell even more in love with him. He’s so genuine and sweet and just an absolutely amazing artist TREAT PEOPLE WITH KINDNESS EVERYBODY PEACE OUT
Only Directioners know exactly what it feels like to be proud of someone like Harry, and be sad at the same time. lol #DirectionersAlways\nI hope and wait for a 1D reunion, but if it never happens we know that the guys are always together in ways and that 1D will always be a part of them as much as it is us. I'm always so proud of Harry, Niall, Louis, and Liam because they've always been supportive of 1D and never regretted any of it. They show such respect to 1D and its fans and that's so admirable. Even if they don't reunite, they still bring us amazing music.
Harry styles in One Direction is like Justin Timberlake in NSYNC! They were arguably the most famous one in the group by far!
He has such a beautiful soul
I want him to continue acting. Dunkirk was so good.
I'm so proud of him I'm crying
Harry styles is a legend
He's so down to earth, it's attractive
My god his voice is amazing
Very mature, some celebs can’t relate even tho they are older 🤷🏻‍♀️
He's always be my little boy, in my heart❤
It's just beautiful!!!!💚
The One Direction clips had me crying wtf😩😭😭😭 proud of my boys❤️
When I heard that x factor music....my heart......not again....... I cant😭😭
I love that he doesn't feel the need to put a label on his sexuality or put it in a box. People these days are so keen to labeling everything. I just think he's such a cool artistic guy.
I'm only 23 I rolled my eyes so hard my head hearts.\nHARRY YOURE NOT 23 YOURE MY BABY SHUT UP
I am so grateful to have been able to see him this past week in Austin, he's so passionate about music and you can clearly see how much he loves what he does. Such an angel.
oh my god it's my dad 😭💓
Bring back the one direction feelings already!
this interview lays in my heart and will accompany myself till the day of my death
When they showed the 1d clips with all five members It felt soooo nostalgic
i don't think you understand how many feels this interview made me feel. Im so proud of him and how far he's come.
I'm not a 1d fan, i casually listened his album and got caught up. I really like his album, it's like a combination of the 70's and 90's. I'm was raised in rock and roll, so i know what i'm talking about, I have never in a million years thought i'll have become a fan of his. So, bye.
hes so cute im 11 im a big fan of one direction and harru
6:16 \nHES SUCH AN ADORABLE LITTLE BALL OF SUNSHINE I-
So refreshing to watch... not like a lot of celebrities out there who thinks they know it all. Wish everyone will follow his ways of handling his fame...
Love you harry till the day i die :'( <3
Harry didn't like being in the band Well excuse me
i’m so in love with this man
Okay when lul baby harry said he was gonna sing isnt she lovely by stevie wonder ya girl started bawling thanks
the beginning reminded me of the 90's idk why
So glad to call this man my idol
Really good interview simple, forward yet told engagingly.
dear god he's so charming
Why does it feel like Harry Styles died and they’re doing a tribute to him???
what is the font they chose for his name???!!
i miss these boys together so much
I cryied all the video
The narrating is so agonizing to listen to
I really love him and I would always love I loved him since 2012 so I can't just forget him\nI don't care if he's going solo I will love the boys in their own way.\nI really want one direction back but if they can't than I'm okay with it, because there are people who lost their idol and mines are still alive so I'm gonna enjoy it.
I stan a legend.
7:22-7:24 is sooooo good. my favorite part of the whole album\ni wish he would sing it like that live
He's so pretty ;(((
I love him so much!
He is so humble and that is one of the many things I admire and love about him
I'm obsessed with Harry's eyes and dimples 😍😍😍
Finally a little documentary about him. He deserves all the love and probs he gets.
Gay
IM HEARTBROKEN, I MISS MY CHILDREN. ☹️
idear
02: 35
the sexual tension 6:50
I love him to everywhere and back😍😍
Ugly
6:16 SO CUTE!!
uxsidjhdjdhddjodos bye I love him smmmmmmm
His hairline is already going :(
so fond so fond so fond
Proud of my frog
1:32 The. Chills. Literally.
4:44 🎶😣💕
My precious, precious boy ❤️
My baby
♡♥♡♥♡♥♡♥♡♥
BRITISH - IRISH BOYBAND!
6:15 has meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee cryingggggggggggggg
LEGEND
This was beautiful. I smiled. I laughed. I cried. I died.
Es un amor tan adorable ❤️❤️
They didn't need to rehash the One Direction story. Why not focus on more of his solo work
Somebody respond me this pls: is he officially out of 1D?
5:50 song?
I hope they all come back soon. I wanna hear new 1D music ;-;
There you happy now we made fun of wienstien, now can we please get back to trying to destroy Trump. Because Trump saying things about women is the same as Wienstien forcing his way into a women's home and violently fucking her in the hallway. The absolute state of the left.
I'd loooove to see this propagandist go do some on the ground reporting... like a news person. :p
I find it really pathetic how the channel will only like comments that are supportive of this video, what a spineless coward.
Rose McGowan was silenced by twitter because she doxed someone by tweeting private email addresses. It doesn't discount the real story but it does feed into the argument idiots make by not discussing things that dont fall into (how true it may be) narrative..
Why pay for college when I can be lectured about how horrible all men are for free on  YouTube. 😒
It’s a Zionist problem.
ken doll had sex with a leggo.....holy shit
Stop saying men. Say sociopaths. What you're doing is the same as showing five black guys that robbed a house, then referencing them as a black problem.
Wtf happened to Cracked. It's turned into utter dogshit. SJW, sexist nonsense. And this guy must be a self-hating piece of garbage. Anyone who believes that this is a problem with men as a whole is fucking retarded. It's not a male problem it's a HUMAN problem. \nAlso, fuck you. I hope you stay in your echo chamber of hate because it's what you deserve.  Keep hating things, it's what you far left do best. I hope you hate conservatives and Trump so much that you shrivel up and die. Fuck you. Pathetic scum.
Wait what's the 5th reaction to stressful actions. Or did I mis hear him saying there was 5.
The show is developing well and this is an extraordinary episode. Petty Joke Junction was a great idea.
more anti  male   garbage  from cracked
I figured out why Cracked's videos have been much shorter lately. Their production budget for Some News has ballooned from replacing all the mics they keep, righteously, dropping.
His own face just found out wot hes done.that is sum deep funny shit.in fact harvey shud use it as his defence
Absolutely disgusting the lengths these Hollywood elites will go in order to defend their corrupt and crime ridden industry. Whoever is responsible for this apologism should be absolutely ashamed of themselves. Videos like these are the reason Hollywood needs to burn to the ground.
This is stupid bc he only judges males not females they both knew what was going on , so please don't say it's only ben's fault (or who ever's ).Where is beyonce or taylor swift or emma stone ?? What they are women so they aren't responsible for keeping quiet ?? And what about women's harassment  on others (women and men ) ?
We are pretty fucked (im from Puerto Rico 🇵🇷)
uh... stop the narrative of rose mcgowan being silenced by twitter for speaking out... she was silenced cause she released a personal phone number in a tweet...  which is against their TOS...
Harvey Weinstein abused his power and sexually harrassed many young women but no, let's blame the men in general. \n\nLet's just paint all men as sexual harassers and that will make the world so much better. This is not a men problem, this is a screwed up person problem and painting it in this way is both disingenuous and dangerous.
I wonder what he did  to be exposed , this is probably a shame ritual or they are trying to distract the masses from something..
That clickbait title. Yeah, I agree though. Money and power corrupt people and lead to abuse of the weak. This isn't a new idea.
Yes, it's a man problem because the vast majority of men rape women. OK, Cody. Maybe you should try comedy again because whatever this is, it isn't working.
I could do without petty joke junction, but I guess you guys are trying to bring back the comedy show part of this.
Beware of the wolf wearing the skin of a sheep..\nThese azzholes feign a higher intelligence, while propigating a toughter cage for us to escape. RIGHT NOW the DOJ is working on a whole new bundle of laws to turn flirting between teens illegal, as long as a cop sees it in a certain way. Look into the new laws being worked on. Bloomberg is reporting on it like it's a good thing, and this show is just as much of a DNC sect as they are..\n( -_-).. not like we have anywhere safe to run to.\nGood luck people : )
not a Hollywood problem yet every single example thought up outside of Hollywood was still in show-business. Clearly no pattern here. Nope, none at all. It's just menz. Ignore that he spent the entire video explaining that the only reason this was able to go on is because the industry punishes people who come forward. Clearly not an industry problem at all.
Great video and points of discussion. Thank you from a female. :)
Nah...its an asshole problem. Give any asshole power, they abuse it. Man or woman.
Fuck off you neutered pussy. If you want to take responsibility for other people's crimes KEEP IT TO YOURSELF, I and the rest of the male population want none of it.
Every fucking guy in the comments section , just wait for few more years and people will be criminalised for just looking at woman. \nJust like how we are all comfortable with calling every old person who is kind to kids a paedophile.\nSociety really needs to get its shit  together .\nWe talk about equality between men and woman and yet none exists . You can’t just fucking pick and choose , it’s gotta be the good and the bad stuff. \nNot everyone may agree with me and It may not be the popular opinion but popular people are fucking dumb and that’s why it doesn’t really matter.\nNot sympathising with Weinstein here , he may be a total cunt . But, looking at the other side of the story here and speaking to every woman or guy who sucked a dick to get to the top to only call themselves a victim . \nEveryone wants to be victim but yet no one wants to blame themselves and take responsibility.\nSomehow hiding behind a fucking screen and closing your eyes and blindingly swiping yes on every  one on tinder is fine but try that in real life and you’ll get roasted ????\nDouble fucking standards!
Actually, Weinstein was banned for 12 hrs by Twitter because she posted a phone#, which is actually against their terms of use.
What's with the tie?
We're marching towards a future where we're increasingly disconnected and power is more and more consolidated into the hands of a few.  This will only get worse.  A good evolutionary strategy would be learning to like being raped by powerful men for economic/social favors.
If i want your opinion cracked, ill go back to 2009. The future is now old man
This guy should shave his head that hair is a mess
Women in power are as big assholes as men.
It's a Jewish male problem
Rape isn't a problem it's a woman's problem
No, its career and cock thursty women's problem, you fucking dumbass
Petty Joke Junction?\n\na) You seem really too young for that reference,\n\nB) It was genius.
Many of these women spoke out quite a while ago.
I hate this guy ...
Hollywood is a JEWISH problem. We all know this stuff goes on all the time on Hollywood, if it is a corrupt organisation, the people running it are corrupt top down sort of thing. Who runs it?
Ever notice how when a Republican screws up Republicans suck but when liberals fuck up it's a grand overarching problem with humanity or something.
I feel like a nodding machine right now. Good words!!
Did they task a feminist with writing the title?
No its a very specifically Jewish problem within Hollywood that has gone on since Hollywood's inception. \nMorally depraved people.
its a jew problem mostly
So the clip of Hannety that apparently convicts him is him impersonating Bill Clinton. But not surprising that this guy can't recognize comedy or satire.
God. This whole video was like picking at a scab. Painful, but so good. SO GOOD. Cody, you fucking hero. #metoo
Petty Joke Junction isn't very funny to me.
Its disgusting and wrong that people are being accused of lying but we are always told to question everything nowadays especially in a world where a few woman do lie about rape and attacks. Its a problem we all have to tackle not just men or women but everyone
Hollywood fat cats trick young impressionable women, who'd have fucking thunk
Thank you.  Thank you so much for this.
It’s that Jewish thing again
God damn, I super appreciate how brazen and balanced you guys are at delivering these segments. Every episode kicks right at the balls of the issue, not just the satirically entertaining or emotionally sensationalized hit points. These segments are becoming my favorite - kudos to you Cracked
A Muppet used to teach children about divorce. 😂😂😂
Smh !! There's a difference liking woman and been a rapist
So is inner city crime a nigger problem because all of the gang shooters are black?
1. rape is NOT  men problem, men get raped too.  As the suits against colleges go, they also get falsely accused of rape in college kangaroo courts that caused one innocent man to commit suicide recently from a system stacked against him to ruin his life.  \n\n2.  Donald Trump has not been convicted or settled for a rape case.   He did not say in that comment that he HAD grabbed women, he said WOMEN WILL *LET* YOU DO IT.  LET implies consent, they also leave that part out.  So not sexual assault, not rape, but a consensual act.  When encouraged to kiss a woman a few minutes later, he says he's only allowed to give a kiss on the cheek by his wife - sounds rapey to me.  :P\n\n 3. Most of the false allegations of rape that came after his comment were ridiculous 90% were OMG he HUGGED me, or OMG he kissed me near the lips unwantedly (its common in tv/hollywood to kiss people on the cheek, duh, SHOCK, nope rape)...and ONLY 2 actual accusations of sexual assault (not rape) were both sketchy at best.  He groped a woman in a bar, cuz I'm sure that's where he picks women up with no witnesses in public, and an accusation on a plane groping someone across a 1 foot arm rest with a witness saying it did not occur, both from over 20 years ago.  \n\n4. IT IS A HOLLYWOOD problem.  EVERYONE has heard of the casting couch which has been around for 100 years.  EVERYONE has heard about, EVERYONE knows in hollywood about it, so the hypocrite actors who are all appalled is ridiculous and this staff is for pretending to be so also.  Corey Feldman was dismissed a decade ago for claiming pedophiles are attacking kids in hollywood, but it doesn't fit the narrative because he's a male, which is a FAR worse crime, raping kids.  Barbara Walters even accused him of trying to destroy an industry on air.  People do not come forward because they want to act again and they WON'T be believed or acknowledged by the industry, which once in a blue moon will sacrifice one of their own who then goes to rehab or paid vacation, apologizes and goes back to work.  It's commonly reported that male black rap stars are raped or most undergo gay sex to get work, as reported by Kat Williams and others (who had damage to his career and life for doing so.)\n\n5. Glad they acknowledge that Clinton also was a serial rapist and probably engaged in underage sex (as accused by some girls who were there) on the Lolita express, so pedophile as well.    What they don't mention is their preferred candidate Hillary helped destroy, coverup and intimidate those victims or that her first law case was blaming a 15 year old girl for her rape, blaming the victim, by another pedophile that she knew had raped the girl.  Yet HIllary is another hypocrite SHOCKED AND APPALLED by Weinstein.
the truth in this video doesn’t make it any more bearable to watch.
stupid fucking title. all your dislikes are cuz u reached too far down the PC fuckhole
So at the risk of sounding like I am defending my gender, it really isn't a men, hollywood, or even a power problem but an institutional problem. Every woman that knew and didn't speak out is just as guilty as the men, unless you are now saying that weinstein assaulted literrally every woman in hollywood (the place not industry). I doubt it was as much as an open secret as a situation that was not considered wrong. You want the job? Got to put in the work for it.\n\nNot defending the actions, but if you just focus on men suck all your going to end up with is a bunch of rapey women.
Weinstein is a monster but there is nuance to this issue, women (not all) had to be complicit as well. Not a simple issue at all and there is probably much much more to the story.
you know if you watch the video before you post you won't look like an idiot.  Just saying remote44, Marc, D fens and the chump train.
MEN problem. Thanks for shitting all over every man that has been sexually assaulted, I am sure Terry Crews and Corey Feldman appreciate the way you spare all women from any evil. You realize its still a crime when a woman does it right? No ? Not funny? Keep ripping on men... soon you will be on the trains with the rest of us. :)
Bill Clinton doesn´t even get a mention? He´s got to be the all time champion of getting away with sexual assault.
Cracked liberals quickly sucking Hollywood's dick. Lol what a surprise.
that’s sexist\nno it’s a problem with old creepy men\nbe specific \nanyone young with half a brain know the internet can find anything out within HOURS
I love this so much
Like news outlets have any moral authority, you scum hound people at the worst of times so shut the fuck up.
So don't offer to have sex with a woman, because they might not be mentally competent enough to say no? Feminism!
Fuck you I don’t go around harassing women speak for yourself you bent pedo
Minority of muslims are terrorists:\n\nIt's not a muslim problem, bigot!\n\nMinority of black people are criminals:\n\nIt's not a black problem, bigot!\n\nMinority of men rape women:\n\nIt's a men problem!\n\nMinority of white people are racist:\n\nIt's a white people problem!\n\nAh, the old if you're a white male, it's ok for people to discriminate against you and stereotype you gag. Love it.
Absolutely fuck you. When we have muslim terrorism we dont say all muslims are terrorists. How fucking dare you say this is a men problem
It is not a violence problem, it is not a poverty problem, it isn't a intercity problem... it is a black problem.. ohh wait, you would be literally Hitler if you'd make that argument.
thank you.
This was trash
Petty Joke Junction ruined this video.
Does this guy shower?
Fuck you cracked you mangina simps
Pretty disgraceful gender stereotyping
Harvey Weinstein.  Roman Polanski.  Woody Allen.
Rape
(((problem)))
Fuck off
fuck off dumbass
Sjw much cracked?
His white girl scripted sarcasm ruins this already shitty segment
Great
just thank you. thank. you.
Came to downvote\nFuck off you pussy
Please keep making these.
Fuck you
Sounds like a manhater problem
(((Weinstein)))
I'm depressed
Spot on!
You look like a cardboard cutout of Ben Affleck got Dorian Grey'd daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn. That was such a devastating mic drop, the mic on my laptop, the mic on my gaming headset, and my Shure SM58 all stopped working for 24 hours.
Because of reasons that have nothing to do with PATRIARCHY or FEMINISM,  rape is often an extraordinarily difficult crime to prove.  Often, it produces the same evidence as consensual sex, and if you shower, which is the first thing I'd want to do after being raped, that's the end of that.  If a man is prosecuted for raping a woman, the woman is going to called a liar, not only because of sexism, but also because when the evidence is the testimony of the alleged victim, that's the only way to mount a defense.  I'm not saying that  gender politics don't play a role in the proceedings, but the problems go even deeper.
Nice title, you dumb cunt how have you got a million subscribers?
I really hope Highlight could perform this song Can Be Better and Plz Don't Be Sad on MAMA this year...
YOSEOB IS SO CUTE I CANT-
Why I'm not surprise on how Doojoon finish his ice cream first while the others are still eating theirs.
I don't know why my fave part was when Doojoon looked at the girl at the barbershop. He was so manly and handsome at that moment.😘😘😘
I like how the overall mood of this video is bright and positive which led me to click the like button😆
We succeed in reaching 1 million before 24 hours, now let's fighting for 2 million before 48 hours guys!! 😂😉
Help!! I really can't stop listening to this song
I LOVED IT !!!!! the most distracted barbers hahahah
First time seeing an mv that has samgyeopsal in it🤣
5M before 23/10, lets go!!! We can do it!!
*it's not even weird seeing them like this HAHAHAHAHA*
Can we reach 2M before 6pm kst today my dear lights? Let's do our best. We can do better 😘
My nephew wants to know what flavors of popsicles they are eating hahahaha...also he knows Woonie as the ramen guy hahaha
YONG JUNHYUNG LOOKS SO HOT AF 💘🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
oh! fallin again'\noh! Highlight is dabestxD
1:46 *the hottest butcher ever*
Without even scrolling through I already know every single 16 year old white girl is here from tumblr in the comments.
This remind me with big bang...~~~
2:26 guy with pink n yellow feather boa smacking a kettle is my spirit animal lmao
wtf why they censor the knive and the meat ? 😂😂😂
Let's keep on streaming guys, we got this
love it ♥♥♥♥♥\nfive handsome CEO 😍😍😍😍😍
...did they just...pixel the knife and meat?
I wanna ask what in knife haa i wanna know why they bluer  it !????
I don't know much about them but they have a very distinct sound and I love it
did dujun just eat the whole ice cream like that????????
just ane sentence : THIS IS AMAZING 💙
Love this song so much.❤️❤️❤️
The iron is very awesome. XD
Keep streaming for our boys 😍😍
this spontaneousness I will never stop loving them, B2UTY --> LIGHT <333
I do really really love it! Its so nice! And I love the fact that they change the category to music
Random, but I love this. ♡♡♡♡♡ Highlight are the best
THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD IM- *dead*
I love their song always fun energetic!!!!
I miss them slaying yearly awards in their generation...
I’m in love with this song, please support them a lot. ❤️🌟
The guy with the chicken is legit 100% me on my way to school because we got chickens everywhere its wild
🤣🤣🤣 dis music vid made me laugh so dats a +😄😄😄
hello dear Light ! :)\nif you want, you can help us to bring Highlight in Europe and France with MMT ;)\nhttp://mmt.fans/PC90\nthank you for your help \nlove you :)\n\nhighlight fighting !!! <3
They really are the reason I smile. Seriously.
This MV is so fun too watch! The song is catchy as well 😭♥️👍🏼
Hello! Our Lights i hope that you enjoy our boys and the MV 😊 and please don't forget our targets:\n3M View = Can Be Better Practice Video \n5M View = Celebrate Practice Video\nTill Oct 22 in both channels 1theK and Official HIGHLIGHT
At first when i listen to this song it's did't have a feel. But after many time listen it the song is so addictive.
HighLight saved  kpop!!! It's time to celebrate!!!!:)
Light fighting to streaming
Love youuu 💡💡💡💡💡
Rookieboys 💕💕💕
🌟🌞🌟🌞🌟🌞🌟🌞🌟🌞
🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Please streaming...
😍😍😍😍😍
ㅋㅋㅋㅋ믿고보는 하라
My boyssssssss
Idaaa! She looks great here!!
why is Doojoon always so hilarious. aigoo... our leader
love u guyss 💕💕💕
**iview view view tooo view ^__^*** <3
Hshahah i love us vídeos😂😂😂💖
BEST SONG EVER
amazing!💜💜💜💜💜 😄😄
LOS MEJORES........THE  BEST HIGHLIGHT
wow
❤❤❤
😊👍💕💕
Keren. 👍
오빠들 캐미겁나터진다구요ㅜㅜ♡
아 너무 예뻐..귀여우ㅓ 미춰버리겟네.....
❤
짱
Amazing💓💕💕
Woah!! the MV is Totally wOW!! Hahaha
Stream MV please
아쟁같은소리 거슬림;;;
💙💚💛💜
Love seeing you guys happy ❤️
So cute 😚
✨😭💋
قلبيييي حبيتتتت😻❤❤❤
💕💕💕
😘😘😘
사랑해 하이라이트❤❤❤❤🌙드디어 컴백이구나
우와 ~~ 너무 좋아요  노래 진짜 최고 😙😙😙👍👍👏👏👏👍💗💗💗💗💗💗 화이팅  💪💪💪💗💗💗 아랍 핀  💗💗
대중들이 많이 알아줬으면~~힐링 힘나는 곡인데
#25 Trending our boys !!!! Lets go for 3 million go !!
Demasiados bellos!!! Tan divertidos y talentosos!!! Los Reyes! 🙌💕
하이라이트는 하이라이트 여서 좋아!\n大好き❤ I love Highlight😍
kereeeeeeen
I Love this 😍😍❤❤
My babies😍💓💌
Tiene un buen ritmo y muy alegre
The way Dongwoon slapped the noodle dough against his body reminds me of Junhyung with his towel after shower 😂😂😂
Egyptian lights are here to support 😍❤ 하이라이트 fighting 💪❤
When will you come back to the Philippines, my babies? 😍😍😍\n\nI'm still hoping that you'll add a new member to your group with a specific person in mind. But I still love you the same. 😙😙😙
Japanese fuckboys even worse then the ones we have in my country
I know at 3:22 on their tele # 1016 is their debut date but what is 0224 like I feel horrible for not knowing since I have been a Beauty and cont onto being a Light but man have I been MIA lolol
Doo Joon is definitely fitting for comedy genre. I can’t stop laughing whenever I see his face. 😂
Can anyone tell me why they change their name???\nI still confuse
Anyone knows where I can find this barbershop??
Everyone has demons.
They are ruining x men ever since gifted
Oh i thought this was X Men HAHAHAHA
I'm just waiting for that hugh jackman yell
I saw that girl out of game of thrones
Welp....not going to watch this
Education connection try it for free! That's what I heard
The new season for horror story looks great
1:36 Just a random dude using the snapchat plug filter 😆
i dont think FOX can execute this well i think it will flop
for all of you guys who dont understand this movie..its about a mutant name Demon Bear who feeds off fear.You should search the name and you'll understand
I mean not what I was expecting but I'm excited
way to rip the hell off of stranger things
help your boy out trying to fix my car anything helps Venmo: @johnleach16
Looks great but where is Doug and Warlock
X-men\n\nare not\n\nhorror movies
Wait, is this an X-Men movie? Or something else?
Looks more like a thriller movie...i was waiting for this movies to come out but the trailer make me feel a little bit disappointed..i hope the movie will be better
To add on, I'm a little skeptical about the success of The New Mutants movie. I know nothing about the original comic but, if this is going to be an ongoing series (which, judging by the title it seems to be) then I don't see how the franchise will sell when the pilot is horror driven. Now I'm going to go out of my way and mention Harry Potter. The tone of that franchise went from light to dark. We've seen those characters go from innocent to remorseful. We had time to watch those characters grow and develop. When their darkest moments came, we were ready for it. This story however, starts from the darkest of the dark. Are we going to see these already dark characters become even more dark? Will we get any chance to laugh and grow with them? I don't really see how that would work on screen. Maybe The New Mutants franchise is something that isn't meant to be adapted for the screen. -If I'm wrong and the studios are somehow able to pull it off then cudos to them!
This isn't a Fox X-Men movie; this is a horror movie-\nI love X-Men through my life and all the mutants, but this doesn't at all look like a Marvel movie; even in this studios terms; I wanted action and drama, but instead it looks like we'll be having nightmares instead. Bravo-\nI'll try to keep an open mind, but I'll see ya when the movie possibly fails the box office-
They should definitely do they same thing if they do The Morlocks. I can definitely see this type of formula for the New Mutants and The Morlocks. I’m really excited for this movie!!
Between Deadpool, Logan and (hopefully) this, one wonders why Fox even bothers with the “main” X-Men series anymore.
Ok since when is it cool to take a good 70s-90s rock song and alter it and put it in a superhero trailer. Ex: This, Defenders, Thor Ragnarok, and even though it's not a superhero movie Ready Player One did Rush
Is this a horror movie or a x men movie
Omfg.... Please tell me that is Chamber in the Dryer/Washing machine, looks so Badass!!
A horror xmen movie?? It's strange for sure, but I've seen Stranger Things.
Sansa : arya, what are doing here?\nArya : kill you, take off ur face, and be a phoenix.\n\nThe stark doesn’t give a s**t about whitewalkers anymore.
Jonathan shouldn’t you be saving will from the Demogorgan.
Anyone excited for the black panther movie?
what is the first music please?
I thought this was an X-men movie...
I think they're fighting Demon Bear.
Probably the first marvel movie I won't watch
That can't be sunspot in the laundry. His powers only work when he charges up from the sun.. wolfsbane and Magik look wicked. I thought Cannonball was gonna be blonde 😂 he's an ok actor. Love stranger things.
w8 is this xmen sorry if i get it wrong
Seriously, just give X-properties and FF back to Marvel already, FFS.
I hope worder brothers will come here too (just like they interface every fcking DC movie) and tell them this is too dark, so it needs brightening and some stupid jokes.\n\n(Also hope this movie will be succesfull so WB let them make a fkcg epick Batman vs Scarecrow horror)
Welp, The X Men franchise is no longer family friendly...
is this set after logan?
Will the mutant join the avengers to defeat thanos?
Why does the thumbnail looks like stefsenjati
what's the song?
I can't get past how much the doctor sounds like a perfect blend of Gal Gadot and Elizabeth Olson.
This is like cabin in the woods
This looks like a really unique superhero movie, or a really generic horror movie...
Came to watch this trailer here because for some reason most theaters I’ve been to never show the trailers for films people actually want to see
Johnathan is that where you were the night Will went missing!!???
ⓘ All the Money in the World FuIIMᴏᴠɪᴇ [ bit.ly/2gNdle7 ]
horror movie...eh, why not ? Fox made Wolverine a western. At least they are trying to innovate unlike Marvel which keeps spewing out the same thing every year....
Is this any X-men movie?
Wonder if Laura is going to show up in it since it is a fox movie, that would be cool
It took me a while, but they made Another Brick In The Wall Pt 2 scary.
When Pink Floyd is playing in the background :)
Whats that music in background i want it
I Like The Look of This Movie Because It's a Horror Movie and I Love Horror Movies
I just don't get why we're seeing trailers for movies that will be coming out in 6 months. Too far away.
i'll love it if Mr sinister was behind all of this
At the end: Logan shows up and just wrecks some people
JUMP SCARE GALORE. prepare your ears to be raped like never before.
Well I don't know how to feel about this, these kids in the trailer look too stylish for that kind of facility they're in, but maybe I'm wrong. I would love to see a movie about young Magneto tho..
What is this bullshit, I was looking for a superhero film not some wannabe horror film
Why are the New Mutants not in the New Mutants movie? Why are they in a haunted house? The jackass that made this steaming pile has obviously never read a New Mutants book.
Didn't this used to be titled X-Men: The New Mutants? LOLL they changed it
Wait, so is this going to be a horror movie?
Arya 😍
Ridding that NOPE boat.
Rupture looks better
this looks pretty good.
xmen
1:21\n1:29\n1:42\n1:43
👎
Did I see Arya Stark?
I'll pass
Nobody mentioning pink floid music?
Stranger things meets X-men
Stranger Things effect.
Viper ?
Horror Movie?
Stranger things much?
The villain is Deadpool
ISSA HORROR MOVIE
Meh
How eles thought this was xmen
Horror meets X-Men <3
new horror movies
Cool
Wow this looks bad
interesting angle here ...
deadass looks like some remake from a 80’s hospital horror movie
why the dislikes? just because the x-men franchise is now better than the mcu dosent mean you should get butthurt. you can like them  both yknow.
Wait, so Marvel's making horror movies now?
Marvel.... Mutants... HORROR???? Take my money!!!
Marvel or fox? Light hearted or serious?
Excuse me. There were no mutants in this trailer.
Marvel and horror genre. Not the best nor the smartest combination.
Kinda hoping you'll butcher this as much as the trailer suggests and then hand it to Marvel to do a good movie and tie it in with the MCU like it happened with Spider Man... xD
why do the idiots making these films keep shying away from using the characters and their powers the way they were created-\n#rhetorical
nice try indie horror  but you can't trink me with the marvel name i know you're just a B movie at best
Marvel's first horror movie?
1:36 I don't want no Smiley bullshit in my Marvel movie...\n\n\n\n...other than that this movie looks pretty good.
Oh boy here I go spending again!
Available now?  My copy won't be here until tomorrow :-(
I pre ordered it and didn't get stick of truth did that happen to anyone else?
You know considering the smallest things offend people nowadays I'm surprised Ubisoft (or any studio for that matter) is allowed to make these games or tv shows but boy I'm glad they do
Here's another idea when you say you have customer support actually supports your damn customers
1:40 is when the trailer ends
YOU MADE THIS GAME
Did she twerk to attack at 0:58
nudity at 1:03
TIMMY!!
Please make us a switch version
0:33 And theres more where that came from, fatass!!
Available now *cries on steam.
Downloading right now! The Stick of Truth was hilarious. I don't doubt that this will be just as good
I like how it says out now and the game isn't even out yet. Biggest fail ever.
Can't wait to pick this up later! Love South Park humor!
Love the game even it isnt already launched. I'll make a video about the game :3
that shold Be a movie
SO GLAD there are no LOOT BOXES in this game.
So what is it called when you give someone money for something and they don't give you the item you paid for isn't that I don't know stealing
can’t wait for assassins creed origins
I hope its out and as funny as stick of truth
I can't wait
When are we gonna get The stick of truth ?
Xbox Live can take all my money but NO STICK OF TRUTH UNTIL LAUNCH. Oh well I'm excited as hell
Holy f--k!!!! I'M SO EXCITED..........*looks at steam*...........you son of a b--ch..........
Unlock the game. For god's sake unlock the game
Man finally
Am ready!!!!!!!
Coop?
1:01
F affa.....Fastpass
5
3
1
Give me my game and my Coon figuring that I ordered last year you thieves
Is it already out or is it gonna be available tmr?
Today,...The Heroes of South Park will Rise!
Omg
That last line😂
Well who ever SOT free with purchase wish it came true
Who else is waiting for it to release?
Where's Mintberry Crunch!?
I don’t understand how people are playing it right now
Just here to let you know that I ordered the game South Park\nthe Fractured But Hole in June of 2016. \nI ordered from Ubisoft website after the enouncement at E3 2016.  I paid $108.99 for it.  After the game was pushed back from the March\n2017 release date, I contacted Ubisoft to verify that my order would still be\ncoming and was still paid for.  All was\ngood, so moving forward to the release date of Oct. 17,2017, I contacted\nUbisoft one more time to verify my order number and to make sure the game was\ngoing to be sent, again…everything was ok. \nI received an email on Oct. 14th stating that my order had\nbeen canceled due to payment authorization. Now how can that be considering\nthey got their money right out of my bank account and I can prove that the\nmoney was taken out via bank statement. \nWhy was I not told any of this in previous conversations.  I have tried to contact them through live\nchat and sad but true they are of no help, the best they can do is pass it on\nup the chain to Ubisoft. I have emailed Ubisoft several times with yet again no\nresponse, found a phone number and guess what,, just leave a message.  All I want is my money back for the game or\nthe game.  It’s not hard to fix this\nproblem but it will take communication from them to fix it. In all the years I\nhave purchased things online I have never ever been screwed over like\nthis.  I will say this,  Ubisoft will loose a customer if they choose\nnot to fix the problem and let us not forget that the best and worst\nadvertisement is word of mouth.  Tick\ntock Ubisoft the ball is in your court
it releases at midnight!!! whooo!!!!
Cartman's laugh when he says 'whole'. \n😂😂😂
I live in the US and my PS4 says it has 16 hours 19 minutes and 55 seconds left. \nAnd 6 hours left on the pre-load.\nObviously leaked.
Her laugh gives me life
don’t lie, her laugh made you at least smile 😂 she’s so mf cute, don’t fight me on this.
As we have seen here today, puppies make everything better!!!!
I love Demi! I am a huge fan and loved watching this video! Next I'd love to see a video with Eddie Redmayne playing with puppies, and Taylor Swift playing with kittens.
how to stay relevant
If I was playing with puppies and awnsering question I would get so distracted I would forget I'm awnsering questions\n\nYa know?? ADHD style???
Demi's butt chin makes me kinda like my buttchin too !
this was probably the highlight of my day. 2 of the best things in the world
She has a good evil laugh tho wtf!?! 🤣
She wants to act again...CAMP ROCK 3 PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEE
IM CRYING THIS IS SO CUTE
Cutest thing I’ve watched in a while
Demi and puppies If could die right now I would be okay with it life complicated!
I prefer Danny Dovito... but this will do
I love her laugh it’s so cute
Demi is so gorgeous, I can't. And her laugh! 😍💜
I don't think Demi likes dogs....
If only the dogs in this series knew how lucky there are
There's puppies. I don't know. There's puppies.
Please do one with Ariana Grande!
Just came from your documentary simply complicated, such a huge inspiration.
Omgosh she's one of my favorite singers and one of my celeb crushes jus sayin also her laugh is the best laugh ever 😍
She's the sweetest human being alive 😍 please do this with Fifth Harmony 💗
1:27 Her laugh just brightens the whole god damn world!
i am a simple person, i see puppies, i click the video XD
she's the queen. ❤
My god... can you come play with me?
Laughed at her laughs  😂😂😂 I love her 💕
This was the fakest sounding shit ive ever heard. \nAll the years of that disney persona drilled into her really took away her ability to show her real personality which is funny since shes talking about vulnerability and rawness and shit.
I want fifth harmony next
6:02 \nThe way I walk when I think I look good 😂
so long as their isn't any peanut butter.
i can't even concentrate on the video. these puppies are just too cute
this is amazing!! I wanna ask some celebrities questions, where and how do I get to ask them that questions ? :) sorry for my bad english
I like her  snake shoes
I’ll give her something to play with and it’s not a Puppy
Most of the videos now r starting to be about Demi and I just love it
you can tell a lot about a person with how they are with puppies and Demi is just as i thought. Shes adorable!!
I hope she collaborated with Christina Aguilera! I saw that Christina congratulated her on instagram....I really hope they did collaborate -fingers crossed-
You gotta bring Justin Bieber on BuzzFeed. Like if you agree
I want to do this with kittens but i'm not famous :'(
Demi Lavato and Puppies is the best combination ever😍😍❤️❤️
Those were some good questions
I love her so much ❤️❤️
Uhh sorry demi but you don't have a #1 single. Sorry Not Sorry just became your highest peaking song at #8
The puppies were on steroids!
Oh my God, I love her laugh so much😍😭😂
She is the cutest living thing ever ... 😘 love her so much ...
LOOOOVEEEE <3 Who's here before half a mil views??? I'm trying to make it on Youtube this year!! :) I just posted my first video, follow your dreams guys!! This is me starting ;) feel free to check my channel
Take a shot everytime she says soulful
Demi's laugh is the funniest laugh ever 😂
The sound she makes at the beginning asnjasndbhj
Puppies are looking super cute with Demi, Hope Demi adopted them :)
Miley's interview was the cutest though^^
Wish I was one of those dogs 😂
I see Kylie's purple pallette on her eyes. It looks good
Can we have zendaya answering questions whilst playing with dogs aswell?
omg can someone please please PLEASE tell me what breed the brown ones are???????? Thank you!!!
1:37 the dogs 😂😂😂😂
Damn ur laugh tho
Her laugh is everything 💜
DO GEazy‼️
She is latina?
Her laugh 😂😂😂❤️
I love your laugh
I love Demi
She’s incredible
Do Ariana next please!!
I love Demi
Buzzfeed hits a even newer low.
Shes cute
Her laugh 😍👀👏🏻💘
Her laugh is adorable
1:29 lmaoo
Been a Lovatic since Skyscraper.
This is so adorable
Her laugh 😆
More like Fuzzfeed.
Send cigs 5138585426
Demi + puppies = happiness this so fucking cute
OMG that dog at 1:36 haha
I love demiiiiiiiiiiiii
236K views!
Demiiiiii ♡♡♡♡\nI love you
Booooring!
1:28 the laugh lol😂?
Do Ariana Grande next, thanks.
Do Selena
Her laugh is hilarious
Omg her evil laugh lol
Plz do Sabrina Carpenter
omg lol
Her laugh is everything 😂😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️
I want little mix!!
Demi is cuter than the puppies😂❤
Who Is she??
Her laugh tho . ❤️😘😍
Demi Lovato fanatics?  Fanatics?   How?   I have no idea who this chick is.  Are there 13 year old girls with Demi Lovato posters plastered all over their walls?
How is she so gorgeous when she's fat. I want to be chubby like her too, so hot. But if i gain weight my face looks like hell :((
Sure you can play with puppies on YT. But that not mean that you are not a braindead celeb. 🖕
THIS IS WAY TOO EXCITING! 🎄💕 🎁
Everything looks AMAZING!! 😍
❤️  🎄
Love that she said ‘ I think this is my favourite one’  on every product 😂😂😂
IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS WITHOUT ZOELLA!!! LOVE THIS ALREADY!!!
You should have a Zoella pamper day for everyone ❤️
I've had the treasure me gift set for three weekends now and I love it so much, the scent is amazing and I use the box to store ALL of my Zoella Beauty products.. so proud of you Zo❤️
Ahhh! I love this so much! I want a Zoella vlog thoughhh.
seen it in superdrug today xx
1000% getting some of this for my Best Friend’s Christmas present!
This video has made me really want to write my Christmas list now😂🎄
Still got my big bottle of Bake My Day. I love it. It's my go to fragrance
I'm so excited woooo💗
Will this range come to Australia at all? xx
The end...I'm of shopping to buy ever single product bye guys
I AM SO EXCITED FOR CHRISTMAS 🎄🎄
AHHH IM SO EXCITED, I purchased some of the snowella collection and i’m in LOVE❤️
Ahhhhhhh! It all looks freaking amazing Zoe Way to go!
I love this collection so much and can't wait to smell/get some!! Also love the colours you've chosen xx
are any of your product in boots Ireland athlone
I'm beyond excited 😍 I don't think I'll be able to gift any of it cause I want it all!
i want it all xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Does anyone know where her jumper is from?
I got the treasure me box today! Love you zoe
I think every product is your favorite!!😂 love this collection, super excited for Christmas now💗💗💗
So proud of you Zo 💕💕and so excited to get my hands on what I can of this collection since I live in America
Love your background and your make-up is soooo nice! I’m jealous ❤️❤️
I'm heading to superdrug on Monday can't wait xxxx
OMG, I'm obsessed with everyone of her things. Its especially got me excited for Christmas! Xx
So excited to buy these !!
love the range , one day you should do makeup because your makeup is so gorgeous all of the time 💗💗
Honestly need to save up for this😂
Are you restocking the pink Sugg life hoodies before Christmas? 💜
ZOE U HAVE INSPIRED ME TO LISTEN TO CHRISTMAS MUSIC ON SPOTIFY !!
i got the massive treasure me box and the all is bright case!! ❤️❤️
Loved this ZOE! So excited for christmas now! I have a GIVEAWAY on my Channel whoohoo, come on over lets be FRIENDS! <3
OMG I LOVE the Snowella Range SO much !!! Xxx I love it Zoe u did a great job
I love love LOOOVE everything!! I just can't believe that each year Zoe manages to come up with something so cool, with funny names, so cute and beautiful, with amazing packaging that is different from others!
I saw all of this in Superdrug yesterday and bought it all but I was so confused where it had come from!!! 😂😂 Thanx for the update Zoe - love you - keep up all the amazing work!!!
Definitely the best scent you’ve done so far! The others were a bit too sweet for my liking
Can't wait for hello world xxxx
I'm absolutely loving what you have accomplished this year!! The merchandise, the different ranged... Great Job Zoe!!! xxx
Yayy ❤️❤️❤️❤️love the new range 😘😘
Asking for some of this for Christmas hehe 💞
You should make some bath bombs with Lush!
I've been waiting for this video for sooooo long! So now I'm super excited to watch it🎉
I went into Superdrug today and I saw them and I got it
I'm going to get the treasure me gift set and the I'm dreaming of a bath full of bubbles set x
i can see why everyone loves the make up bag its so cute
I'm so sad I don't have a bath to use all these beautiful products, love the range though!
Just as I finished this video, I begged my mum to take me to superdrug as tomorrow it is my birthday and my mum knows exactly what to get me. She wants it to be a surprise, but I know that my present is one of each from her snowella range. CANT WAIT  ........ SO EXCITED\nLOVE YOU ZOË AND LOVE YOU SUPERDRUG\nPLZ LIKE THIS COMMENT, CAN WE REACH 100 likes... cuz it is my birthday wish
I've got the treasure me box !!!
The best thing to come home to ❤️❤️
I am going to buy everything😁
where is your sweater/jumper from? i love it!
where is her jumper from? it looks amazing
Ahhh I'm so excited to buy these for people!! And some cheeky lil purchases for myself aha! 😍😭
Loving the new collection.The big fancy perfume bottle with the little pom-pom is absolutely ADORABLE. Now I am dying to see vlogmas videos.December please come NOW!!
Zoe please can you do an 'all time favourite makeup products- high end and drugstore' video? It would be so helpful to me and to many other people too!🦄 My aim is to have a variation of both high end and drugstore makeup.💄And I need some recommendations. 💞💞💞 Love you Zoe x
There's so many products and they all amazing!
She should do shampoo and conditioner
I bought it all and I have the complete collection on the perfume and it's the most best thing I've ever smell. It's bigger than the other perfumes
jkrndfkrnrbdhfjgjrbhrjfnfbtbrrhrjtbtbtbrb!! TOO EXCITED TO TRY AND MAKE WORDS!!
I think next year she should make a stocking like this year and in it you get like a product and a little bag of marshmallows with like little Z on them 😊
All is bright thing is the most useful one.
Yes. I got up and done a happy dance when I saw this!!
ZOE
Omg yess zoe love the range congratulations xxxx
30kth view
Halo😂😂❤️ly zoe xx
Loveee youuuuuu❤️❤️
SLAAYYYYY KWEEENNN OF CHRISTMAS
❤️❤️❤️
WANT❣😍
*Christmas* 💗
I LOVE THIS ! 😍😍😍✨✨✨
❤❤❤
Your highlight😍😍
How are you sooo tanned? 😫😍
Earlyyyy
Love it 🎅🏼❄️
love you queen
Yayyyyyyy I want it allxx
I see that fenty glow 👀✨
YOU'RE GLOWING😍
❤️❤️❤️
Can people in America get it online or is the shipping limited to European countries?  I really want to get some of this stuff!
Omg 😍😍😍😍
I still have half my pamper hamper 😂👍
LOVE YOU ZOE❤❤❤❤
903rd!!😂
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love u
I’m luving theseee I wanna get them so muchhhh xx
I fricking love it alllll, your so gorjjj❤️❤️❤️
How can I purchase these if I live in the U.S??? This is sooo incredibly cute!!
will these be sold in the US?
I am so excited!! I saw your Halloween vlog and saw that you went into Sainsbury’s!! My sister lives on the road next to Sainsbury’s and she was in there when you and mark were!! She’s at uni now and we were face timing and she said she saw someone with a camera so I hope it was you!!! Love you!! 💞💞💞
PLEASE LIKE SO ZOE SEES👍🏼\nIt sounds sooo good, would love to be able to get something\nHi Zoe, keep doing the great job! But also remember to relax and have a break!✌🏼\nPlease say hi to Alfie from me😇\nAre you gonna visit Denmark some time - it is close to where you live - please make your visit be in Copenhagen🇩🇰\nOh yeah I also follow you on the different social medias, have notification on and do also subscribe to your channels :)))\nHope you have a lovely day!!
Turns into Walter White at 4:10
Oh God, he is so damn good at telling stories!!
He didn't play Hal from Malcolm in the middle. He IS Hal from Malcolm in the middle!
Like a blind man at an orgy, I was going to have to feel things out.
Maybe the travel agent said 15 and hopeful Brian Cranston heard 50 xD
Who else read the title as Bryan Cranston Got Caught Having A Sex Tunnel In The Alps
Anyone else notice Colin Farrell has his Fantastic Beasts haircut? I hope he comes back, he was one of the best parts (Much better than Johnny Depp).
He reverted back to the hilarious Hal from Malcolm in the Middle days
Hitman really let himself go
Graham is better than any American talk show host. Easily. Stupid scripted yanks.
 Say no more 
i like how he is pants in america but says trousers in the uk..
Wow his story telling skills are great.
This is great hes amazing at telling stories
Colin Farrell: Hold my beer.
Poor mans jonathon ross
Haha such a funny dude
Cranston always tells the best stories. Had Cumberbatch and Redmayne on the floor last time. That countdown to the sex tunnel was hilarious! 😂
I knew it! Bryan is that stranger in the alps John Goodman mentioned in the TV edit in The Big Lebowski.
Bryan Who?
Should of have had him on the red chair!
What I love about ‘The Graham Norton!” The guest combinations , I came to see the guy from breaking bad , also got Nardole (Matt Lucas)
I'll take 15 minutes with Colin anywhere under any conditions.
Thank God for Collin's reactions lol
You know what would be funny, if we found out he had sex with an alp in a tunnel.
I would invite him to my party!
he told this story in a interview like a year ago
Tunnelling a tunnel in the tunnel.
Maybe the agent said 15 minutes, but he heard 50.
I Love You So Dam Much Graham Norton!
Hahah he’s so good at story telling 😂👌🏾
I can't stop laughing at his impression of italians 😂 so on point expecially the gesture at 3:59
Mute the sound. Bryant's visual action is more interesting and easy to understand lol
Bryan really knows how to tell a story. He is brilliant!!! :D
SEE WHAT HAPPENS\nWHEN YOU FIND A STRANGER IN THE ALPS
I can see the memes
best story teller, him and Chris Pratt
Colin’s hair looks awesome! Very 90s. I love it.
Bryan is not Walter white but he really hal
To Watch More Click ==>>https://goo.gl/HPfvkf
he Awesome in Malcolm in the middle...
He's a master story teller
Absolutely love the man!
god this man is funny
This is the most ridiculous awesome story everrr LMAO!
Bryan Cranston is just such a great guy! Comedic, theatrical and plain nice.
How can you not love Bryan Cranston
That was a really good train noise
I’m just seeing and hearing Hal
Robin??? His frank underwood's wife claire his real life wife?
Just how?
been watching Graham Norton since V Graham norton on channel 4 , who remeber when Big Brovaz came on
So you could say, he found a stranger in the alps..
Best story teller ever! love him!
I could listen to Bryan tell this stories for ages!! XD
He is a great story teller!
What a legend celebrity of our times a one worthy of celebrity title
This story sounds like something that Hal and Louis will experience.
47s put on the beef
easier with woman on top in car
Formation test lab actress flesh continue readily occupation address.
Guys who play serious roles on TV are the most funniest people irl
Dont watch the video, just watch 1:50
hasn't the guy got any shame? if I caught someone exposing themselves in front of my kids, I'd beat the granny out of them.
I'd love to see Bryan and Colin in a movie together
norton show best
Such a likeable guy.
Hot videos http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5uxdP9lmOrTlkmHjG8owmnnZ5ikZsmQ9
Amazing story teller. Lol
I love him
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Great story. Xx
Amazing story :D
All hail Bryan Craston for this story XDXD
Awesome
Say no more fam.. 😂😂😂
Say no more. -Bryan Cranston 2017
me lol
Crystal!  ;)
Recycled by Colbert interview.......
I'm I.T
Say my name
Say no more 😂
lol hes a natural...
He is the one who knocks.Makes sense 😂😂
What a weird story to tell lol didn't think he'd go into details lol god damn it Hal! Lois must've been mad
I love how he told this story word for word on Conan a couple months ago. Cranston you dirty dog
Or did his wife say stay out of my territory!
Ukh that farrell such a hillbilly... doesn't know how to act in public... go dig up some potatoes 🥔....
Must say ., Brian's 📓 makes a great *read., \n\nSadly, no bits @ v% 🌹🎦 event., or London specifically., wit 'Malcolm [ the Middle 📺🎬'. \n\nGlorious last line by moi Total *mC2F by Colin. 💙😎
This would have been an awesome if they hadn't had Bryan Cranston on the show. He is intolerable.
Bryan Cranston is a SOCIALIST LIBERAL QUACK who wants to DESECRATE places because he’s a LIBERAL and LIBERALS destroy everything and want to destroy a generation of proud Christian republicans like myself.\nNO TO SOCIALIST QUACKS\n\nTRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
The Heisenberg part of Bryan's brain kicked in when he said Get Off Me
From his gestures and that cross that he made I can totally belive Colin is gay
HELP! PLEASE HELP ME GET TO 10,000 VIEWS WITH NO SUBS!!!
So night shows can talk about sex but invidual creators will get punished for it?
Argo w Ben
SATANIC HOLLYWOOD
Colin Firth is HOOOOOT
Marc Anthony wow man.. no words for your last performance, and even less for this amazing event and your love and support for your Puerto Rico.
thanks to jlo , RIcky , Marc , Bruno., Mars. the biggest talents from my beautiful puerto Rico !!! always greatful for this Music icons ! coming together for this Disaster relif , hands down to all the most Amazing and beautiful humans beings ,
Selena Gomez receiving calls and also introduced Ricky Martins at 2:33:37
This breaks my heart..I'm from the Dominican Republic please let's help Puerto Rico get back to normal they got hit bad..my prayers go out to the Puerto Rican Community...
j balvin the besti lo ve him!!
GRACIAS!!! Esta vez por Puerto Rico. Arriba la raza!!!
Gracias a Jlo y Marc y a todos los organizadores de este evento...también a los animadores, los que atendieron los teléfonos...a todos los artistas que dijeron presente...a todos los que donaron y los que  siguen haciendo!! Vamos a salir adelante y de estos escombros va a salir la obra más bella...un Puerto Rico más bello y encantador que siempre!!! La sensibilidad ...compasión y solaridad es única!! Gracias de todo corazón!!!💕💞🇵🇷
Jlo!! Canta hermoso! Para quiénes dicen que no canta en vivo! Te adoro jenni
I wish I was there with you all! thank you to all that donated. what a great show! God Bless all my family in Puerto Rico.     $$$$$$ donate and pray for all the ones suffering
Sorry but why would you post a Spanish dubbed version of the English spoken parts. It makes it hard for people who don't speak Spanish to donate. This was such a beautiful event by the way and much needed with all that is going on in the world today to show that there are still people who care.
My thoughts and prayers  not only go out to our brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico who have been affected by Hurricanes Irma and Maria but also to everyone in the other Caribbean Islands   who were affected by Hurricanes Irma and Maria.
I am just watching this and I have goosebumps all over my body!!! God bless
Does anyone know if I could still donate? I missed it live but would love to contribute.
#PrayForTheWorld #PrayForPuertoRico❤ God is with you Puerto Rico! 💚🎈😕
Daddy Yankee el mejor :D
Demi and Bruno owned the night <3!
Why are there celebrities on phones?? Like what are they answering to
FELICITACIONES SIGAN HACIENDO ESTOS CNCIERTO POR EL MUNDO AMEN  BENDICIONES DE https://www.facebook.com/ARPAPROwebmag/ DESDE PERU
Marc Anthony in the last performance.... WOW!!... Heart and soul pure Boricua that bleeds nothing but his land.... - It could be you tomorrow, it could be you tomorrow.. and you know what?? WELL BE THERE!!!... - Que viva la raza Latina!!.. PUNETA!!!.
What an amazing event, Together we are one, Puerto Rico God is with you!!
I think that all their performance was Great
Jerek Deter???     Didn't see that guy around!
I thank every one of you that wish well for my island if you ever been here you wouldn't believe your eyes destruction is everywhere you look people in the street's are suffering with no food the government is shady asf .😥
When does selena gomez come on
Bad Bunny's part truly gave me chills!
Latinos always stand up high to help our people thanks to all the people that make this happend \n#marcanthony #iloveu
Beautiful Concert. All you guys were amazing 💕
Gwen has not aged one bit!!! just Beautiful!
Make Puerto Rico Great Again!
Thank you from mexico,we love you ❤️
Wanting to see this completly. I hope that when we have electricity we can see it. Thanks to all for helping us! #PRSELEVANTA
IM SO HAPPY !!!\n\nLOVE MY PR🇵🇷 NO MATTER WHAT!
Im watching this right now from Puerto Rico on my phone, still no power and we need a lot of help and hope. That concert was something amazing , thank you all for your help and support, THANK YOU! ❤
JLo's voice is so angelical when she sings in Spanish!
I just couldnt stop crying so emotional and so beautiful to know we r not alone united we stand !!!!!
I LOVE BRUNO BUT, THAT PUERTO RICAN PRIDE COMING FROM MARC ANTHONY AT THE END Dios mío 😯💘! BRAVO👏! U BETTER SING FOR YOUR COUNTRY😍✊!
Thought Christina Aguilera will appear here?
Que viva Latinoamérica!!! Latinos unidos ✊
EXCELENTE CIERRE!!
Jennifer and demi!!
#puñeta2017
oie que weno khe hagan cosas bonitas como ezas oie si pa la gente si ksita #HailGrasa
Alejandro Sanz, te quiero. Grande
Demi was incredible!!
Demi. Fue genial esa performance.👏👏👏
cris martin 2:17:18\nbruno mars 1:15:57\nmaroon5 1:04:00\ndemi lovato 2:27:30\njvalvin 2:07:38\ncamila cabello-selena gomez no estuvieron
JLO is proud of her Exes  :D
*Para que meten a Mexico, si este es un evento para Puerto Rico de parte de Boricuas?*
Latinos y gringos unidos para una buena causa 💕💕🇻🇪🇪🇨🇵🇷🇺🇾🇺🇸🇨🇺🇩🇴❤❤❤❤
y nadie habla, de esa cancion que canto j balbin, o como sea que se escriba su nombre, que esa cancion la roba.
Orgullosa De seR BORICUA. ADELANTE MI ISLA ERES FUERTE.  VIVAAAAAA PUERTO RICO.
Bruno Mars cantó la versión en español adaptada por Dani Ride el lloro al ver que su ídolo canto su versión
que bueno que todos ayuden ,latinos unidos y no latinos tambien  somos grande y Ayer se demostro que Los latinos y americanos somos solidarios y de buen corazon
Gracias Gente de zona Prince Royce por tener presente nuestra Tierra Cuba aunque Royce es se República Dominicana
How are people disliking this video ?!?!!!
Kany garcia y pedro capo esa cancion es especial.
Asi se habla GENTE D ZONA
Marc gives me chills every time he sings preciosa!!!!  Que viva la raza puñeta!!! dale!
Ugh the voice over 😣
Great concert to benefit all in need / CHECK HOMENAJE A PR DE LYBETH EN :   YOUTUBE CANTO A PUERTO RICO LYZBETH
Gwen Stefani... The best
Jennifer López 😍
En qué momento hablo Selena Gómez??
Love that jlo got both Marc and daddy.
Colombia con JBALVIN :)
#mylifeaseva Gracias ❤️
Hermoso....gracias....amo mi Puerto Rico.....🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
Demi Lovato Is amazing
J BALVINNNN, COLOMBIA DE PIÉ
51:08 bad bunny performance
Preciosa 2:54:00
oh bruno the best perfomance
Te amo Puerto Rico 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷😘😘😘😘😘
Porqué Luis Fonsi no se presentó con Daddy Yankee cantando Despacito???
Impresionante  WOW... Hermoso... Que orgullo ver tantos latinos unidos... Y ver como unidos hacen uno... un honor ver tanto talento junto... no pude contener mis lágrimas... Orgullosa de ser boricua... extraño mi isla... como en ella ningún otro lugar...
Este evento sólo fue para ayudar a las personas de Puerto Rico?
Siento que hablan mucho de puerto rico, y no de MEXICO! deberian hablar por igual de los dos paises. \n\n\n\n¡VIVA MEXICO!
Me extrano la ausencia de Gloria Estefan y la coleada de Thalia. Que a todos los eventos se invita sola la wey jajaja 😂
Maravilloso evento,mis ojos no pararon de llorar de ver tan bella unión ,soy Dominicana pero mi padre tiene toda su vida viviendo en pr ,tengo primos, tia al la y desde muy pequeña estoy ligada a la isla,Dios bendiga ,no están solos ,ustedes no se quitan ,palante puertorro😙😘\n\nSi marc y jlo son mis ídolos ahora aumenta mi amor por ellos ,grandes!!!👏👏👏👏👏
En Qué momento sale MAGIC!?
Que belleza !!! Jlo es una REYNA ... La adoro. Haber reuniodo a sus exes para una buena causa. Aww solo ella.
Gracias de ❤ a cada uno de los artistas por la ayuda incondicional . Y a los organizadores  un millon de gracias❤
Gracias a todos los artistas que apoyaron! ❤️\n\n#FuerzaMéxico\n#FuerzaPuertoRico
jenni<3 <3 <3
Bruno.Mars 😍😍😍 bonita transmisión de todos
Jesus guys, u timetag fucking khaled but not Bruno Mars... wtf
Did anybody notice that all three men JLo had a sexual affair with including A-Rod we're all there Under One Roof LOL I don't know that's kind of disgusting to me but I'm glad they did it it's all about Puerto Rico shake that ass Jennifer Lopez Shake Your Money Maker I don't think Selena Quintanilla Perez would have needed her to shake her ass to raise money her voice and her beauty and her character and her personality and charm is all she would have needed and her love for the people
Straighten your hair with the cheapest and easiest way https://loveligadgets.com/products/hair-straightening-brush
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation - his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick and Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existencial catchphrase Wubba Lubba Dub Dub, which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's genius unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 And yes by the way, I DO have a Rick and Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
Demi Lovato, sang the best song! Great job Demi!!! Hallelujah!!!!!!👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼💞💞💞🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼💕💕
What happened In Puerto Rico is a terrible!  However, Lopez took the stage again doing dance moves, or stripper moves that should be left for a Vegas Show!!!   This is a time of sorrow for these people that are suffering, not showing your rear to the whole world!!  So Sad.....
Arriiibaaaa los Laaatiinoooooossss🎉🇻🇪 saludos
ale sanz excelente como siempre!
❤❤❤❤🇩🇴🇵🇷🇨🇺🇮🇹
Romeo y Marc Anthony lo mejor
todos somos live por ti mi pais .
Marc anthony was so into the song he played at 2:57:15 , that he screamed at loud PUNETA!!!!! lmao
En honor al descomunal cariño afectuoso que mucha gente le tiene a Selena Quintinilla debieron haber realizado un homenaje con sus canciones en contribución a los damnificados. HUBIESE SIDO INDUDABLEMENTE ALGO ESPECTACULAR.
Ya estan las lacras dominicanas buscando que los sigamos manteniendo. En Puerto Rico hay casi medio millon de dominicanos y el gobierno de republica dominicana solo envio 92 mil comiditas, y ahora tambien quieren que le paguemos la mierda de ayuda que enviaron.
i hope JLo help her family in puerto rico , she need to start to help her family first .
I have never heard  of this band before until today finding them on the trending list in #UK. Like come on the song is good. How come I've never heard of them before? 😂
Slip into the diamond life?\nMore like crash into the diamond life and break 20 bones on the way 😭
This song is so beautiful!
DK why are you so handsomeeeeee??? 😍💕 oh btw i love this song it's so calming❤️\n\nPs.Sorry for my bad english😅✌️\nPh Carat here! 😊👋🇵🇭💎
Carats! Download Asia Artists Awards to vote for seventeen💎 ! Spread this message, let more carats to join in it!!!! Way to go Carats!❤️
this is probs my nth time watching this and dk still gets me. but my boi jeonghan and seungkwan killin me tho. i love joshua and woozi
dokyeom is so... 😍😍😍
Y'all need to understand that SVT is only underrated internationally. In Korea, the three most popular boy groups have a nickname, EBS: EXO, BTS, SVT. In Korea, SVT's popularity is on par with EXO and BTS. It's only internationally that they're underappreciated. Clearing this up because I've seen some I-Carats shitting on K-Carats for not 'supporting SVT enough' and like no. K-Carats are dedicated. SVT isn't a world-eater like EXO and BTS are, and that's fine, cuz SVT is way younger than BTS or EXO.
As Jeonghan stan I am so done. Long or short his hair will always have the spotlight. Jeonghan you improved so much and I am very proud of your achievements so far. Looking forward to your songs in the future.
jeonghan's vocals have improved so much im emo
This is why i never had a bias :')
Pledis yall should make the mv short and straight to the point even tho i would love to see them all day but its hard to stream smtms 😂 it takes a long time to increase views 😂
WHAT. THE. HELL I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT WAS JEONGHAN WTHJHH
THEY'RE SO HANDSOMEEEEE OMAYGATTTTTTTTTTT CANT HANDLE THIS FEELING LOVE THEM SO MUCHHHHHHHHH
dear carats who are creative people I need you to help me for completing a school research by completing a survey about music here is the link survey.zohopublic.com/zs/eAB5cp  it takes less than a minutes help me as a member of carat family plz
😍😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️ this is awesome the song is so beautiful like them
am i the only one who cried when i heard this? Joshua just stolen my heart awhile ago😂😂
can we talk about their fucking visuals CYA
why am i crying again watching this -again and again?
I was literally just taking a shower and this song came next and I started crying sm. I’m so proud of these boys sm. They’ve been through a lot. Seventeen fighting!!!
I'm army thanks for everything help us
I am LIVING FOR THESE TEAMS RN...GOOD JOB PLEDIS GOOOD JOBBBB
Jeonghan's voice gives me life!
in love with a song
this M/V has got me so emotional and i dont even know why
I'm using my lil sis acc to comment. HWAITING SEVENTEEN💕💕💕
I'm crying😢😢😢. It's beautiful song👏👏👏👏👏
still crying-- IDK why am I so affected with the song and the mv TT
Five letters to appreciate: \nW O O Z I
OMG it's so beautiful love it
I just realized why Jeonghan looks so different to me in this MV.\nHe's never worn his bangs without a part before 😳
I'M SO MAD PLEDIS CHOPPED ALL OF JEONGHAN'S BEAUTIFUL HAIR OFF
BOYS!!! U GUYS ARE SOO SKINNY!!! My heart ache to see boo’s chubby cheek slowly disappearing.. and everyone in soo skinny.. take care of your health love ❤️
Great Job SVT Vocal Unit, this song is so good!!!
I hope they reach 1M or almost 1M today ;~; <3 this song is too beautiful and needs to be appreciated by everyone
ㅠㅜㅜㅡ플디 음원내줘라ㅠㅜㅜㅜ
Beautiful ❤️
❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤💙❤
💗💗💗
im crying jasdkjfdhfhjhlkfrh  I LOVEEEE SEVENTEEN <3 TwT
SEVENTEEN channel: 822.335\n1theK channel: 178.326\nTotal: 1.000.661
💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
정한 - nice vocal 💋
This blessed my ears
❤❤❤❤
Preview Seventeen for | Highcut x Dynafit https://youtube.com/watch?v=RSFwVOWZGDg&feature=youtu.be
so soothing😇😇
woozi joshua😍😍
Suave
JeongHan💙💜
Good choice for comeback😍👍💞💞💞💞💞
YOUR MUSIC SAVED ME
Joshua😍😍😍😍
One word... BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
I cried while watching this! I dont understand Korean but the emotion in their voices too beautiful!! Arghh My eyes are sore!
if your not crying, your missing the greatest vocal unit in seventeen
que hinoo 😭❤️
Essa voz do woozi me mata! 💘
seventeen.... where every unit is soooo talented they make you cry even with bops like Trauma. This song is my favorite right now but i struggle to decide what mv could ever be my favorite in seventeen and song??? every thing they do deserves so muhc love, stan seventeen stan hardworking, talented, handsome, and loving people. okay im crying again this song is amazing Seungkwan is the best ult ever in the world byyeyeeyyeye~
This song start with jeonghan's voice and jeonghan's visual and i'm blessed.\nDK is so beautiful here and i think his and seungkwan's voice fits really well with this song.\nEven joshua and woozi is... my hearteu can't take it.
YES YES YES GOD YES! DK is my Seventeen bias. I mean do you hear that beautiful voice and see those gorgeous visuals. That voice is a gift from the gods themselves sent to bless this world. That's the only logical explanation for DK being so amazing.
Es hermosa <3
Uhhhh, ganteng bagettt semuanya 😍😍❤️
ㅠㅠㅠ Vocal team love uuuuu  ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Listen, no one will ever convince me Seventeen's vocal unit isn't comprised of angels after this video. There's literally no earthly explanation for their beauty and voices. There just isn't. 천사들.
This song is perfect, it fits with so many moments of my life :') 💙\n You never disappoint me, I'm proud of Vocal Unit, I'm proud of seventeen. Thanks for existing. I love you (Brazil loves you too)
man did you see my wig fly
Check out my reaction video😩😩
Jeonghan with short hair is so ❤
I will never gone sebongi. I will always stay with you, saranghae sebongi. Carat's from Indonesia...\nWhy did I cry watching this song?
I listen to this every morning since it was released and it just helps to start my day right. If you guys have trouble sleeping at night, listen to this too. It’ll make u sleep very well because it’s so soothing!!
Remind me to make sure they became main characters in GOBLIN 2,3,4,5,6 if there is gonna be one.
Really they all so amazing i can't choose  i love all of them 💔✋
Roses are red and your lips are also love is to\n\nBlue is cute and so are you guys\n\nWilte is for i love you soo much JOSHUA😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Woozi is so freaking talented 💞 his harmonizations at the background fit so well with the song. Also Joshua have such a soft voice 💖 I'm proud of my boys!
Slipped into the diamond life so hard I got a coma
I literally started crying the second it started because of the piano. What a masterpiece. This one is definitely my favourite so far.
Its so nice!! Its feels like the other woozi composed song but its still different ya know the vibes woozi make on every song😍
So at first i was going around and seeing these boys on posters and stuff and i decided to see what they did and boy was I impressed , even though i can't understand what they are saying because I speak American , they sound AMAZING!!!
I'm *shook* its on trending #37
BOP OF THE CENTURYYYYYYYY
Joshua so handsome..
STAN VOCAL UNIT\nSTAN HIPHOP UNIT\nSTAN PERFORMANCE UNIT\nSTAN SEVENTEEN!\nVOTE FOR SEVENTEEN!
Jeonghan...., great !
Jeonghan~~~~ 😍😍😍😍😍\n😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
#33 on trending! So proud of SVT
我愛이지훈❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
My bias Joshua thooooooo kill me plz
Jeonghan is my life ❤
Seungkwan 💋🌹💖
invented singing 
จองฮันหล่อมากกกกกก
日本🇯🇵のcarat達は 聴いてるかな？\n秋から なんか 新曲 新曲と 路線変わりましたね。まだ 慣れなくて。\nみな やっぱり カッコ良いね😊
me encantó😉, tienen nueva fan de Chile! 😂
Estos chicos en serio son arte¡..
수고했어 보컬유닛😍😍😍😍😍\n윤정한 사랑한다❤\n홍지수 사랑한다💛\n이석민 사랑한다💚\n이지훈 사랑한다💙\n부승관 사랑한다💜\n캐럿들도 사랑함다💎💎💎💎
우지만빼면 듣기좋은텐데.. 우지야너그냥 세븐틴나가서 작사작곡만봐
개인적으로 이 노래가 제일 좋은 것 같음...진짜 처음 듣고 울었다니깐...
와...ㅁㅊ...윤정한 앞머리 실화냐...겁나 이뻐...♡
you mean....JUNHUI ISNT IN VOCAL TEAM???
God you look like the cunt of school and college. You also have BLOWJOB lips.
how the fuck is this on trending its only got 1mil views and it was on the 12th
It may be a bit late but an undercard for the fight could be Idubbz and ricegum
Weller u should take a moments silence for wales out in qualifiers we aren’t making it to no semis this year btw I don’t have a fucking clue what colour the trainers are in colour blind
Still on trending after 5 days and only has average viewership? Joe spending that ££ to stay relevant
Let's go Weller. I c grey and green
the trainers look green and grey but it’s in weird lighting, they’re actually pink and white
You have the most punchable face known to man.\n\nJust thought you should know that.
Can’t tell if people are messing that’s legit pink and white
Your mum should fight ksi like if you agree
my birthday is on the day of the fight
Using mental health for sympathy . Now already making excuses with his knee incase he loses
How did u cope in the Wembley cup
the trainers are green and grey
Ksi should get may whether on the phone
ivrywatchies.men f your a watch lover please click the link you wont be disappointed!!!
The shoes in real life are pink and white but I see grey and mint green
being a little bitch and looking for a way out haha ksi will destroy you
Pink and white like if you agree
Its the screen setting on your mobile that change the colour
So what's the medical term for your injury? Somefink snapped is a bit vague innit? Stick it up your arse 😊
I see mint green and grey
Is there a way to block you to stop you from showing up on my trending feed?
lmao wtf how are u seeing the shoes as green and grey? They are clearly pink and white...
What the fuckkkkkk!! I saw this picture a few days ago.. I saw it as pink and white.. Just now when he showed it I saw green and grey, so I took a screen shot, went to my gallery.. And saw fucking pink and white again!! What trickery is this!? 😕😕😕
We all know the monkey is gonna whoop you flat twat
Joe weller is shit
Pussy
I saw blue and grey but tgen after 3 more times of looking away i saw pink and white, it depends on what the background is like
State of you absolute fanny
pink and grey
KSI
I hate Joe weller
Ni🅱🅱a
You fucken pussy
ha excuses
Oof someone's scared of jj
I can see both colour shoes
Hope everything goes well with the surgery
Green and grey definitely. Also, blue and black for the dress
I'm new to YouTube and I have a singing account but I have one video.  Can I raise my subscribers and get opinions on it
You're using your knee injury to distract ksi you're so pathetic you cunt
Grey and green
Pink
I see Cyran blue with gray
I know who is going to win Joe Weller even though I'm a KSI fan KSI is a terrible boxer even worse than Joe weller
i see pink and white
ar u just saying this so u slip out of the 3rd of feb fight against JJ
How did his phone ring when it was on silent????? loool
Bruh when i saw that shoe, i thought the trend was stupid cuz all I saw was grey and green
Regardless who wins.\n Both are going to hug it out
Go on Weller you can do it!!!
I see green and white
When the day comes Ill knock u out hahahaha I'm not gonna just nock u out image kill u!!!! 👦🔫
No offence but if u 2 have a fight it would be dead. We're all more interested in kylie's baby 😂
thought you would be a pussy and back out, still going to lose tho..
February 3rd is my birthday
What camera and lens do you use?
Green and gray
You are to scared to meet KSI
Joe is a Fucking PUSSY
Pink & white 😂
Sooooo faaaaaake
Green and gray #ksi
Pussy
Green and grey
fake ass
Green and grey sqwa
Grey and green
#teamksi
Love u wella
Your shit
Follow me on instagram alfiejohn03
Component?
Letssss fucking goooooooo!!!!
Convinient excuse 😂
KSi is BOSSSSA
Greg and blur
Mind over matter hun xx
Grey and green
Guys lets keep it tending
Go Fuck you self weller. Ksi gonna kill you
Joe weller vs Logan paul
green and grey
Cyan and grey
Best of luck recovering mate.
Grey and green
Pussy out
Grey and turquoise
Acc best of luck
Pink and white
2362376Y0UR763824A83646FUCK1NG9246FAGGOT8723
Blue and grey
Green and grey
pink and white
TEAMWELLER\nLove your vids! :)
grey and green
Grey and turquoise
Green and grey
https://youtu.be/ZpRb7DSQH2Y watch this, “W2S ksi diss track but it’s joe weller”
Hahahahaha the shoe was glow in the dark!!!!! Silly! ❤lol
Countdown music with the slow zoom , but when the abrupt ones came I was crying
PINK AND WHITE ITS PINK AND WHITE ZOE THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR AGREEING WITH ME
I see pink and white
i cant be the only one that sees pink & mint 😂
Why can't people realise you can buy customised vans 🤦🏼‍♀️
It's a Ballchinian 😂
10:33 i actually watched the video that already came out and then i started watching this vlog, and thought it sounded familiar
pink and white
9:07 😂✋
100% grey and teal
It's teal and grey
This is so last year
I see pink and white  van.
On my laptop I saw it as grey and blue and I showed my parents and they only saw pink but I didn't see pink? But looking at it through your camera it does look pink?
I see it grey and mint
i’ve always seen it as mint and grey, but now that i looked at it through the phone i saw pink and white, but whenever zoe would move the phone i would see the mint and grey so it kept changing with me
Omg when I first looked at the thumbnail​ the shoe was pink and white but then I looked again and it was grey and turquoise?!?
Im with joe! Grey and mint all the way😂
Go into a picture editing app and use colour/color select, its just shades of blue and grey...
i can see both colours
i swear sometimes I see mint and grey and other times I see pink and white
I see mint and green but it’s actually white and pink
No body gives a shit what colour the shoe is.
its pink and white
I'm 11 and I can't get it in my size
sub to me ill sub back with bots
I saw the shoe in Light Turquoise,Grey and Dark Grey
On the shoe I first saw pink but then when joe clicked off it and back on I saw mint x
ITS AQUA AND GREY
what song was that??
That's why the sky was orange! 😂😂😂
I see pink and white!
i see pink and white
Joe is right about the shoe
Joe is right I see grey and mint. There is no white or pink!
joe, im sorry, but wtaf is that mask
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
I saw white and pink
You should go to the X factor
I see grey n greeny idk how ppl see pink, even tho it is pink n white u r looking at the same photo on the same phone it’s ur eyes that make it different
Literally the shoe...Im in  Warrington and its viral on Facebook!!!Im 9 (Im on my nans acc tho) And me and my brother (17 year old and 3 year old brother) Say that its still grey and this mint colour and my brothers girl friend said that its white and pink and me and my brothers (Im the only sister ;-;) were like ITS GREY AND MINT!   >:O And ive seen it  5 times...and its still grey and mint. xD
“ why have u got a bawbag on your chin bro “ 😂😂😂😂😂
I agree with joe
I saw mint and grey on ten shoe and on the dress I saw white and gold
Make sure the plant has enough sun water and fresh air
NO MORE BLONDE
Pink
The countdown music lol😂😂
Pink and white duhhhh
Pink white
Joe I think the same as you
People are just stupid. If people could tell the difference between real and fake they would see the photo has been edited.
Joe had his capo on upside down on his guitar
It's mint and grey! looks nothing like pink and white.
That mask is horrific omg haha 😂😂😂 All I can see is mint green and grey!
It's gray and mint. No matter how hard I try I just can not see pink and white...
It’s grey and blue
Wait isn't color spelled without a U?
I can switch mine from pink and white to grey and blue
It looked blue to me the other day but now I see pink
It's pink and white
YESS JOE MINT AND GREY ALL THE WAYYY😂😂
If you shine a torch in your eye you’ll see pink and whit if you see grey and mint (well now I can’t see)
*I see the shoe as black.* WTF????
What the heck is Alfie doing to his hair?!?! 7:50
I agree with Joe about the shoe colours
I see pink and white
The shoes I originally saw in blue and white, but when I thought about it I started seeing it in white and pink and now I can’t see it the other way
These is red bottoms
Your face makes suicide look like the best option.
joe do another video of you playing guitar and singing you are so so good at it like so he sees this every1 if u agree
good vlog with him playing the guitar
The shoe is pink and white
I see mint and grey nothing else....
i see it different from different angles but i first saw pink and white
bOI I THOUGHT BYRON WAS THE LEAD SINGER OF COLDPLAY
It's a picture of a pink and white shoe that's been altered to make it appear grey and turquoise. Look at the greenish hand.
You both look like ET in the thumbnail
I keep on looking back at the photo and it keeps switching from grey and mint and then pink and white... what is happening?!
Joe playing the guitar 😍
it is pink and white
It’s pink and white 😂
It's mint and greyyyy 😂
You're really good at guitar
I also see mint and grey
it is a nice shoe
There must be something with my eyes because with the dress I saw white and gold and now I see mint and grey, I can never see the opposite?
Byron can singgg 😻
5:01 HOW
Racist
Mint and grey deffo
Joe your trending 21 btw not supprised but yay
Pink and white
The countdown music 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Pink and mint
8:45 - 9:36 😂
Grey and mint
http://foxy.cat/bye.php
Pink & white
So true about the dumb jocks being Star Wars fans.
Mike's suit cracked me up :DD Love you guys!
The joke is that it's redundant.\n\n\n\n\nAlso, I would absolutely watch Rich eat that entire burger.
What a pile of mess
This came out days ago, and I just spent all night last night trying to sleep, haunted by Rich Evans saying in the house over and over again.
the joke is wearing thin. but I guess that's the point
I guess you guys feel my pain. Our culture needs a defibrillator.
Do they actually own all of that Star Wars shit?
Easter Egg?  Jason Mask slightly hidden to the left behind Jay.  This had to be recorded Friday the 13th since it was uploaded the following day.  If so, I'm guessing it was Jay's idea?
Where did Mike find that -hideous fucking- very cool jacket?
Now I can’t wait for your next reaction video to the next trailer to the next movie! Very Cool! \n\nKeep it up, RLM!
I can't wait until Starwars becomes the next Scientology! Tom Cruise can play 50 year old Han Solo!
I can't believe The guy from Screen Junkies is accused of being a sex pervert or of sexual harrassment. I would have thought it was Rich Evans the whole time. You think you know the world. \n\nCheers Rich Evans. and Screw you Jay for being friends with Andy Signore
Nothing like watching this while trying to sober up and eating a hungry man tv diinnnerr
I don't even watch these shows and I recognize these cookie-cutter personalities and canned reactions so well, it makes me want to die.\nVery cool.
Please do best of the worst on Netflix The Babysitter by McG. It might be the worst mainstream movie I've ever seen. Holy shit its so bad it defys logic.
The thinking man's comic book movie. Yeah, it's making me think about watching something else.
please never stop making this series, it's hilarious
This is the most sarcastic thing I've ever seen. Haha...
I didn't watch it, but I'm sure it's great.
These guys are my VHS player's spirit animal.
This is the best Nerd Crew since the first one.
I could power my car on this sarcasm.
When do we get the response video to the announcement of the title for the Han Solo solo movie--SOLO?
As much as I love these satires. I'd like to see what they really think the new movies will be about. They were spot on for Force Awakens speculation, which granted wasn't that hard considering it was such a retread. But I'd still like to hear from them.
Holy shit. This was done with care.
if it makes you guys feel better, carrie fisher was high on heroin so she didn't feel no pain. or as Disney would like to call it Jedi dust.
We are all individuals.
I lost it at the end
I actually did not realize that people made reaction videos to trailers until now. Humanity is not worth saving.
Who's sponsoring this time?
Prediction: Bad guy in Justice League beats all the heroes individually to get the ultimate power, the heroes form the Justice League, then Superman shows up and pretty much does everything by himself thereby making the Justice League unnecessary.
OH MY GAAAAAAAAAAWD
I need that jabba mug!!!
I love popcorn.
not funny
I wish Rich Evens would adopt me
Spoiler alert! Porking a porg.
Ah Poe's law....
Jeremy?!!?
Very cool
Me personally, I loved this review. It broke new ground!
rich evans with that intimidating hat game 😳
Does anyone else hatewatch Nerd Crew like me? I love the movie news channels, but this Shit is funny. Like I'm laughing and saying I hate you guys for being accurate at the same time. 😂😂😂
I want to see a spotlight or Re:view episode on Motel Hell now
I love how every episode the table gets more and more overdone with toys
I want to watch this but I don't want to watch the trailer.
Rich is very skillful at the end.
Blue Apron is America's #1 recipe delivery food subscription service monthly box service.
There's something so gut bustingly hilarious about Mike, Rich and Jay talking over each other constantly
Thanos, in the house.
this is a great and perfect parody but its soooo long. If they could somehow find a way to get it to around 5-10 min i think it would be perfect.
How long until it's revealed that Mike's been sexually assaulting Rich? Now we play the waiting game....
might be the best nerd crew episode yet, thanos in the house
You guys keep hitting the fucking home runs with these.
1:34 is it all scary there are real (and super cringe worthy) fast food review videos?
I looked up MrPiggyEats on youtube (knowing it wasn't real but hoping deep in my heart it was) to find nothing. Rich Evans, you fat elderly fuck, I demand you make a sub-par fast food review show that takes places in your car with heavy undertones of sadness and desperation.
Rich and Jay at 3:42 is just the best.
This was so dense! Every single image had so many things going on!
4:15 I want that woah to be my ringtone
That Star Wars jacket would be perfect for mike to wear at plinketts wedding!  It'd give him prequel flashbacks more disappointing than Andy Signore!!!
Ahh Rich Evans... handsome for a man.
you guys are my spirit brothers.
These are three of my favorite homosexuals on planet Earth!!!
How did I know we would see Rich Evans in that helmet and Porg by the end
This was fire! Well done RLM! Is Mike doing an impression of Grace Randolph?
Who else watched with the hope of seeing Rich Evans jerk off to Star Wars?
I want Rich Evans to explain the Time Travel Theory used in Star Trek IV
I like how they make fun of nerds, yet they buy all this merchandise...
Ngl... my reaction was probably pretty much like that 😂
At this point I'm no longer even watching the new trailers and this fake podcast is my only source for star wars news.
This is so well edited
CGI has come really far, that CG Rich Evans looks so real
Rich Evans porn is the best porn. It's so dense, it has so many things going on.
Anyone else wanna see RedLetterMedia review The Fairy Odd Parents Live Action Movie?\nCause I wanna see RedLetterMedia review The Fairy Odd Parents Live Action Movie
I derived more joy from this video that I probably will from the actual movie.
That was a great video. Really cool. I'm now going to speculate endlessly about whats going to happen in the next RLM video.
Porg Porn in da houuuuse!
Her: you seem distant today. what’s on your mind?\nMe: huh? oh, nothing.\nMy brain, loudly, over and over again: Thanos. In the hoooooooouse
It's a sad state when I enjoy anything on this channel a thousand times more than anything Hollywood puts out.
Sarcastic/Ironic humor is very cool. Very cool.
HACK FRAUDS\nTHAT REACTION WAS CLEARLY SCRIPTED!!!
Very fucken cool. 05:43
very cool
Space Bugs
In the housssssssssssse
Very Cool.
I would deadass subscribe to Mr. PiggyEats.
thanos, in the hooowwwwse
Hahaha fuck movies
porghub.com
Brilliant satire
NSFW! Should upload that last clip to PorgTube.
That Porg ain't gonna milk itself.
This was fucking genius.
To be honest, I preferred the first two Nerd Crew videos, where there was a clear effort in making the quips and irony sound as authentic as possible, like you almost couldn't tell if they were being sincere or not (obviously we know it's satire).\nI feel like it's being lost in these past videos, which is a pity because it's what made those first two videos so clever.
Jesus christ, these guys are getting a little TOO pretentious now...I get that the stupid hype wears out very fast with these big-budget movies and how idiotic fanboys and girls flip out for every crumb of information and postulate into eternity about what might be, but come on, it's FUN to get excited for a movie. Don't fucking kill that innocence of actually enjoying a movie trailer and getting naturally excited for a movie. I hate Kathleen Kennedy and what Lucasfilm has become and what The Force Awakens was, but as long as this is Luke's movie, I'll be pretty happy if it's a decent film. Mark Hamill's acting so far in the trailers reminds me of the serious/earnest character he played in ESB with Yoda and it seems very genuine, I'm hoping for his best performance yet.
do you ever think that this has gone too far? Like, at what point does this stop being parody and it just becoming the same kind of pop culture podcast being mocked here, but with so many layers of irony that people who would otherwise hate those things instead choose to watch it?
4:50\nI dont get it, is this supposed to be a Parody or simply the fact they hate new Star Wars and feel the need to shit on absolutely everything that isnt the sacred Trilogy ?
More Nerd Crew!! #MNC!!!
Luke Evans is amazing he has my last name ppl
James can u like please SHUT UP we just want to hear usher and Luke sing together because their both so smooth!!!!!!!!!!!\n\n❤️💛💚💙💜💖😃🎤
James is so sexy cause he's such a dweeb
Luke wins. By a landslide. BY A LANDSLIDE. The first word that he sang and my heart melted.
Luke is amazing of all
Just saying but, I think the voice of Justin Bieber when he sung 'Love Yourself' at the Grammy's last year really sticks in my mind. :P
DAMN! That was great 👍🏽
No one sings like Gaston👏
Oooooowee all three together👌😘😘😘😘😘and yes james can sang🔥🔥
holy shit. Luke Evans is hot AF
I love this and I enjoyed this ! 😍
I hope the audience didn't get herpes from this performance.
Usher’s face while Luke was singing was hilarious😂😂 especially at 8:33
Yes every one is sexy in there own way , love this song they sung at the end together
I want Christina Aguilera to come out and out sexy riff them all!!!!!!!  Ahahaa
Holy fucking moly . Like evans . The voice
Why are all the hottest men gay !🤷🏻‍♀️🙈
Them three should release a single for charity. Loved it.
So what happen to Justin Timberlake?
Gawdamn fine
That last song tho omg!! ❤❤❤😍😍😍
Oh luke, luke luke LUUUUUKE.
Luke won!!!
Daniel Caesar
Jaimee fox mate
13:02 Damn Usher!
4:13  Did that guy just vape?
Not my mum!
oh Luke!
Luke yes baby
That sad moment when you have to realise and remember that Luke is gay....
Idk y ppl r laughing about wut James said in the beginning like it’s true???💙💙 like there’s a lot of ppl who like his thiccness 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Usher we need an old school album......... asap
This could be the BEST CLIP I HAVE EVER SEEN !!!!!!!!!!!!
how can Luke be gay??
Someone just put luke in a musical!
He's slaying dragons and pussy out there!
funny how they got all filipino back up singers
I am not a MUM and I really find James so sexy.......
Usher is the king of sensual singing! I agree, this is nothing compared to what he can do.
Anyone know the first song they sang? Thanks!
OMFG!!! How do you get sexier than this?!! ❤️Luke Evans
What did James sing at 4:32
Luke Evans is sexy hot and gay...Yay!
User's voice is just smoother and more dexterously controlled than Luke or James
Wow, Luke can sing and act!😲
First time I have seen Luke Evans and he is a talent......amazing.  But all of them are.
Am I the only one who click this when LUKE'S NAME IS THERE?!!!
How about riff off with 5 seconds of summer
Sorry got to be said don't use Usher's 🎤 after.....needs to be clinically decontaminated
Ushers voice is good he sounds like he did when he first came out usher won in my opinion but I respect other people's I'm not trying to start a fight though!!😱❤️😉
damn ok gaston i see you
Late night musical who says we have to let it go? it's more sensual than we've ever known.
This straight up reminds me of the plots on wwf. Donald Trump and Vince McMahon are fighting via proxy and the winner gets to shave the losers hair!
daymn if Luke Evans was straight i'd tap that
Corden takes the Late Late to a much higher level than before. I like Ferguson, he was hilarious but he just didn't have the showmanship that Corden has. Corden's shows have that Grand Production feel to them that is a pleasant change from the usual late night fare.
i think ur brilliant  but ur axdick money hungry sell out too apple
My teacher VJ in the middle!!!!
Meh. The pharmacist on Modern Family does a better version of, I Want to Know What Love is.
I feel like James Corden has this show just to try to convince us he can sing.
oh how I love Usher!
Usher clearly has the best vocals, he just didnt sing the best song to showcase it.
Luke oh my god. Wow just wow
Watching this for the Nth time because of Luke!
My God they all very good 👏👏👏🎶🎤
As soon as James said A world, where we can all work together and stay together. I knew my boy Al Green was coming. Man I love that song!
This was one of the best!!
They just were lucky Reggie didnt join in... he would have wrecked them :D
Luke's song was great, but not sensual enough to compete with the MASTER. it's usher, no contest.
Anyone else expecting a full orchestra when the Philharmonic were announced?
DAMN Luke Evans just blew them out of the water! :D
Ushers soulful voice outshone them all
No one sings like Gaston.\n\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Herpes usher lol
Usher with that supreme vuiton shirt
Where is Ne-Yo
You know they fucked
Usher why not come out of the closet before you start giving dudes herpes? Trash music, trash persona.
Damnnn Luke where have u been 😍😍. Lol in real life Usher will win
It’s always the same thing
I Didn't know usher was that small lol
I make beats please check me out
luke man , pants down ( i mean hands up !!!! hihi)
Dude luke's like Michael Bolton.
Luke wins everything
good show
Skip to 4:20 lol
wow Luke is good
Luke LuK LUKE...super sexy dancer
hahaha
Where was Neyo?
What a comedy.
Usher still got the pipes maaaaaaan
I hope usher gives James Corden herpes
Anyone see the runescape health bar at 11:55?
He looks like nick crompton
Usher has a unique voice which is powerful and smooth at the same time which is rare
They should do a movie with this three
It hurts how sexy Luke is and his voice and SINGING...GOOD LORD! INCREDIBLE!
those two r very attractive but we all know that Shawn Mendes is more attractive
2000 views, clearly trending.
you look behind the catchphrases and there's nothing there. spot on.
That was fascinating. Find it a real relief to listen to someone who has their head screwed on about this.
That's Sir Starmer, QC, in reply to Her Majesty's Government, Warmongers LLC .. And limited they are.\n\nArdent Brexiters seem to think Democracy is the dictatorship of majority, or that a prerogative is a holy sanctity that mustn't be disturbed in any way. Well, it's not, rather a proper discussion towards consensus, which requires all parties to get off their high horses. Repeatedly shouting we decided and that's it! is not a democratic practice, in fact that's warmongering. Prolonging transition period  or another vote is not reversing Brexit or undemocratic -- in fact it's a common practice as many states and nations around the world review and re-vote decisions. And yes this practice is true had the opposite happened -- had Great Britain chosen to STAY in the EU its citizens should have been given another opportunity [to vote leave] in the future. These decisions go back and forth between the electorate, politicians, officials, etc.\n\nAnd that's DEMOCRACY. So shuffle the deck and play another round (i.e. talk on how to do a proper Brexit).\n\nVote-Talk-Resolve X 10000 times.
So, labour wants the ECJ to have some sort of hold over Britain.
Trying to kick the can down the road.   Still face stark future post brexit.
Peston never used to act like that, Where's he got this exaggerated persona from, he seems to have flanderized himself.
Yawn!
All political parties continue to sell the message that there are only 2 options,\n1. Get a good deal. \n2. Leave without a deal. \nBut there is clearly a third option, \n3. To stop Brexit now and then negotiate with the EU from inside the EU club backed by a strong leave mandate. \n\nThe precipitous lodging by the May government of the Article 40 notice was clearly aimed at solving internal party problems with no real consideration given to the interests of the UK or the EU.\nAt the same time the opposition parties allowed the Article 40 notice to proceed without a great deal of opposition or question for fear of losing support from Leave or Remain voters. \n\nThis was and is the state of the political process in our parliament, which has lead a government with no clear mandate to enter UK/EU negotiations in an unplanned, uncoordinated and unduly optimistic fashion. \n\nThe present state of the negotiation is now generally accepted to be unlikely to result in a beneficial outcome for anyone. At the same time our parliament is more divided than ever and the political parties continue to follow a path which could lead to the breakup of the UK and the destruction of our democracy.\n\nWe (the voters) need to save our country from our political parties and our political parties from themselves.\n\nTo this end we ask our Members of Parliament to put aside party loyalties and Pledge to serve all our people in a Unified Cross/Party National Government mandated to stop Brexit now.\nhttp://www.fvvra.org/the-fvvra-pledge\n\nGordon Middleton\nFVVRA.ORG
It's disrespectful not to refer to him as Sir Keir. He is a knight after all.
Spot on as usual Kier. I can get used to reasonably detailed but straightforward answers.
Nowhere in Article 50 does it say 'With a view to a future agreement'!
how much do you have to pay google to be trending?
Strange because Keir Starmer said on BBC's Daily Politics that if The Government chose to leave without a deal, The Labour Party would vote to keep us in The EU. The talks should have been trade based instead of firstly focusing on Citizens Rights, The ECJ and Divorce Bills. I, like many others, voted to leave and if this is stopped for any reason, then democracy is dead.
We were told we would 100% get a deal and the EU would never restrict German manufacturers or French farmers from selling to us. A no deal is the worst possible deal.
Establishment traitor.
Keir is an Agent of the EU.  Be careful Briton, many traitors about.
The fact that the world number one diver does cheap Halloween costumes while living in prime estate astounds me. I feel so blessed to be living at this age and time.
The sound he makes when he takes the box off is hilarious
Let me just say that, Lance has his hands full with you!  LOL, what a clever boy you are!
Love this video😂 such a cute costume💗
Did you ever want to be a Blue Peter Presenter???
when are you going to do another live workout?
Hey, why aren’t you diving?
Oh my God. I'm so in love with you
Woah i didnt know you had a channel I've subbed and liked and notifacationed
Legend has it... Tom is still trying to get out of the finished costume. :)
I don't know why, but listening to you say flappy bits just cracks me up.
wait until you try to sit down, LOL.  I did this one year, dressed as a bottle of aspirin-could NOT sit, haha.
AHAHAHAHAHA 515k 😂😂😂😂😂 I don’t think you should be on the internet
Is it possible to sit down in this costume?
That's actually pretty cool and creative =)
When ever he comes out with a video, it reminds me of swimming. ♥
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
The editing was hilarious.
I really want to see how you got out of the full costume again without cutting anything because I would be stuck forever
em lego is play good in danish learn sumtin new every day
such a little kid at heart - love it!
You need a mesh where the mouth is so only you can see out, but people can't see in.
Too much effort.  Tom really should have done something with a g-string and some body paint.
so cute i love it
In a more professional than it needs to be way, if anyone tries this in the future, grab a product called Gesco. It goes on before the paint and helps the paint stick on better and is generally a good underlying coat for any absorbing product (cardboard, paper, etc).
You could have a cutout eye and glue it or something on to yourself as a cloud to make the 'iCloud'
this is so cool, so clever Tom
The music is on point Tom!💃🕺👍
and you can breathe, which is nice -Tom Daley 2017
This was so funny! Not very scary but a good idea 😂😍
You’re like 20 bro stop making costumes especially roblox people
Good and Terrible....
This is your most environmental friendly clip!! We do not need to buy everything, it is much more fun and environmental friendly to make our own costumes!
Dude!! that was impressed... I had fun with your video about HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN COSTUME.... lol\nGreetings from your fan from Paraguay!
He is too sweet. I wish there were more gay boys like him, dating is hard.
Tom, I met you on the London Underground Train in and took a picture with you and so did my sister! Sorry that I forgot to say thanks, but you are a great diver!
I enjoyed listening to the Thriller cover music in the background.  Good choice, Mr. Editor.
This is so cute and hillarious=)) i can't omg lololol
I have such a crush on Tom 😩
can i say tht u're so cute and not even scary sorry tom but the costume well done👍
With your cuteness, you can't make a scary Halloween costume, I'm sorry!
How did you get the arm holes even?
so creative Tom, I love it!
He is so cute. Like lil brother :))
ahaha this was so impressive and funny at the same time i loved it!!
Hiding your hot body with a box... That's a crime for sure!!! ;-)
the noise that he makes from 4:10 hahahah wthhh
She's an artist
YOU SHOULD CALL YOUR VLOGS TOM DAILY
This video has less than 100k views but its still on trending
You seem much calmer these last few vids.Seems marriage it doing well for u.😘😘😘
The noises he makes when he's putting in the costume is adorable it is will to live
OMG Tom i love it
Who tf you gonna scare with that
*_The World's Richest 10 Engineers_*                                          *Like   &   share plz..👍* \n *Click below link....👇*                                                                *Subscribe for more 🔴*\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3nncR6z_Dk
flappy bits, lol.
That looks dope costume Tom
Were you worried Lego would sue you if you made it look any good?\nEmbarrassingly bad for an adult.
...and I’m sure he loves it.... *big grin*
I am so in love omg you are so cute
🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴\n*Sub - Your crush talks to you*\n*Like - You came from the trending page*\n*Reply - You will become a billionaire*\n*IGNORE - BAD LUCK FOR 10 YEARS*\n\n*DO ALL 3 - GOOD LUCK FOR 20 YEARS*\n🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴
i thought it was a pair of boobs in the thumbnail so i thought this was a joke video
Great idea for a costume!
When i was little i was scared of cutting myself with scissors bt i realize its a 1/10 chance you will
Just get a can of black shoe polish to paint your face and a sharp kitchen knife. You can be OJ Simpson and the costume only costs about $3.
Omg  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 still cute
o yes? video verry gooood luck
I like kissing men
gaf
4:07 😂😂 love it Tommmmm 💕
Jasmine Master's caccoon is shook
Awesome😂
You're so cute lmao
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?9l0gs6cgMhK8sus77NC15ekvmbl7vnxV=ZdI6fOvnBT7Zof6fIY0MjYbkj97
FUCK MUSIC
oof
This is adorable comedy gold.
Great work
Luved it !!! 😃😃😃
04:08 - 04:13\nYou're welcome.
This is trending!
wow never seen a roblox cosplay so beautifully executed.
what are those noises at 4.11
this is trending?
OH NO! HE CUT OFF HIS FLAPPY BITS! \n[faints] \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Ok I'm here for some reason lets make a joke...\n\n\n\nHis head kinda looks like its made from pizza\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCan I get a BONELESS pizza
Very creative.Great job! :-)
Shite
new gaming channels subscribe to me I subscribe back lets help each other
Trending? What a god damn joke.
is that my roblox character?
This looks really dumb
Lance is old enough to be your Dad! Cringe
Tbh I thought the thumbnail was some retarded person making a Roblox avatar bullshit thing and it had tits
It's the aids monster
Looks just like Lance!
This shouldn't be trending
I just started my YouTube channel and recently uploaded some videos \nPlease make sure to check out my YouTube videos and also Like and Subscribe  \nThank you ❤️
I LOVE THIS VIDEO SO MUCH!! such a great pick me up after a bad week
I love your dictionary lol
Just use water. \nI've never had a spot since pre teens and all I ever did was wash my hands then rub my face with warm water. No mark what so ever on my face.
I don’t think I’ve laughed this hard like this at your video in a while. I’m it’s always so funny with you two 😭😭😭 you guys are honestly goals.. MashAllah you’re like two big kidsss✨🙏🏽❤️
'Sid, we're muslims, stop' 'Muslims dont have sex' 😂😂😂
Idk why he always points out things he doesn't need to. Usually mean things. Looks wise, he's quite ugly and she's beautiful. But I thought he's clearly a nice guy and that's all that matters. But in every video I've watched he'll say you look shit or something similarly rude or stupid. Almost as if now he's got her he doesn't need to always be polite. I know she's not offended by what he says and it's no big deal, it's their banter. Most men forget to show their appreciation to their partner.
Hi Dina. I watch your channel since the beginning. I have converted to Islam and your videos has helped me a lot since I didn't know any Muslims. I used to like you because you were humble and I used to see a good Muslim in you. However since you started mainly doing videos with Sid I find you very cynical, swearing and being rude most of the times. I don't think you are a good example for a good muslim/person anymore. I have actually unsubscribed from your channel and I just wanted to let you know, how one of your ex followers feels about your recent content. Please be more humble and don't swear as much. This behaviour is not nice at all. I know many non-muslims that are actually more humbled and charitable and generally nicer people. We as Muslims should be from the best people out there. And you don't seem like a nice person at all recently.
How to get to get flawless skin? = Genetics
This video is a mess lol
You should do more videos like this guys this was hilarious
'You look like a fat Egyptian guy' 😂😂😂😂
Watching the video with that mask on my face 😂😂
3.50
Skin cancer yet?
Hahahahahaha this video is so funny 😁
When Dina was wearing the bubble clay mask, she looked like squidward from sponge bob 😂😂
*started watching skincare video* also *starts doing my own* 😂😂😂 #influence
Omg lmao. This is why I love Dina & Sid. They are bloody hilarious! 😭😭😂😂😂😂 the mini horror movie scenes though😂😂😂😂😭
I'm cringing so much. You just wasted so many products and i hope your skin was ok after this - too many products at once 😖😖😖
Omggg this is literally the most hilarious video i have watched in a while!! Please do a part 2, i love this whole concept XD
This video is so funny omg 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Dina you're super cool and I admire you.
Hahahaha been watching Dina for years and never commented but this is genuinely my favourite ever vlog. Hilarious. Inspired. Real. Bottom of my heart thank you for sharing this.
Best line ever Sid we're Muslim... stop haha fuckin dead
PART 2!!!! This was hilarious 😂
Hands down one of the funniest videos you've done 😂. You guys are hilarious!
Never laughed so hard at a dina tokio video before
Hi I love ❤️ you so much you are so pretty hope to see some pranks soon
Omg! This was hilarious 😂 love you two ❤️
you too are soon cool :)
Make a look book with maxi(s) or pakistani clothes.
Laughed throughout watching this video! You’re both so funny 😂😂😂
Dina, could you please test out the derma roller? Much love x
Dina: You want to use it? so we don't waste it. around your eyes? it's really good. you reeeaaaallly need it.\nI fell off :)
I hope my husband and I have the same bond in the future ❤️😫
Muslims don’t talk sex 😂😂
DINASSS ON TRENDINGGGG 🎉🎉🎉🎉
I love you two, you're too damn funny! Yes please to part two!!!
5:18 !
Actually feel it ya tit 😂😂😂
Legit one of my favorite videos on the internet now because of you 2 being bloody idiots. Love your channel.
The fuck is wrong with this two 🤣🤣🤣
who's that cute little bitch?!
i need a part 2!!!! love u 2
This is funniest video ever! 😂😂
Can anyone in here explain me what :   I like ur dictionary  !  means ?
Haha 😆 What an easy skincare routine 💯 👍🏽 Can’t wait to try at home 😂
you look like a fat egyptian guy 😂😂😂😂😂
This was a fabulous video make a part 2 Dina...sidddd is funniest🤣
I love this!!!!! 😂😂
Hey Dina, Your French mask tilted me to say shall France ban beauty masks, in public places? Haha :) Nice vidéo :)
I crying of laughter this is actually the funniest this I've ever seen omg 😂😂😂
You litteraly have no IDEA how glad i am that i clicked on this video! I usually never comment on videos but u guys made me laugh sooooo much in this one video! This video was more like a try not to laugh challenge at most the things u guys kept sayin! U guys motivate me a lot to keep smiling in life, i just love how u guys make the tiny little things so FUNNY! May Allah Always Keep You And Your Families Happy And Healthy 💕❤💕 Proberly making u guys puke right now cuz of how cheesy i sound so im gonna stop now! Hope u see this xx
I loved it *Scottish male accent*
دينا الله يرحم وشك\nDina Allah yer7am wedged.. begad 7aram 3aleeki ya benti..\n\nI kindly genuinely suggest you to not use nothing but water (like said😜) for your face to recover
6:07\n'Oh wow, the eyebags are gone!'\n'Say wallahi'\n'Obviously not' \nWhy did that make me laugh more than it should've 😂😂
Love ,Love the way you did the video
Dina : I just did it for the thumb-nail, now it's a waste. \nOut of 8 pic, doesn't even put it in the thumb-nail.\nEDIT Oh Dina man, you're trending again. Get ready to film another hate comment video 😂
YOU ARE TRENDING #35 NOW😄😄 ONG I'M PROUD OF YOU DINA😍😍 and  there is  this thing called  #NoHijabDay...yes it's  trending 😂😂😂😂
part 2 part 2 part 2
I LOVE THIS
Your both crazy #loveit
😂😂😂 love this
😂😂😂😂😂
Part twoooooo
Loved it Dina!
biryani 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😄😄😄😄😄😄
Actually that carbonated clay mask contains pig collagen
Fun couples 😉😉 love you guys #AfshinKaVlogs
The haloween part was the funniest😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
DO IT AGAIN PLEASEE
Trendinggggg
sid: The eyebags are gone.\nDina: Say Wallahi.\nSid: Obviously NOT.\npfftttt haaahahahah
Someone's high lol 😂
Muslims don't have sex omg hahaha I died lool
HAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS LOL
awesome dina
CANCER
Wtf
O.o
You DIRTY fucking Muslim. Your horrible, bastardised English accent makes my ears bleed and on top of that, your whole fucking channel is cancer. Honestly, CANCER. I would like to watch you get fucking glutted with cement. You know the only reason you're as big as you assuredly are is because you wear a rag on your head.
FACT: Islam is NOT a religion.\nFACT: Islam is a Godless, apostate murdering death cult, DISGUISED as a religion.\nFACT: Muhammad was a FALSE Prophet and Allah is a pagan moon god!\nFACT: Jews and Christians DENY that Muhammad was an Abrahamic Prophet of God!\nFACT: The koran is a forgery.  It was copied from the Holy Bible.\nFACT: Here are three credible sources that PROVE that Islam is a Godless LIE!
Makes me sad to see so many sisters wasting so much money and products DINA HELP OUR UMMAH that's why ALLAH gave you a platform in the first place shame on you ....
Ur voice is soo loud deep and annoying! Bursted my ear drums!!!
She should have at least 3 mill subscribers
Oh my god.. Thats not good for your skin
Look how small his gifts are LOOOOOOOOOOOL
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂♥️♥️♥️
Dina your trending again!
Love this video so much
your not meant to cleanse soo much in one go
It's 2:00 am here and I am having laughing fits 😂
You should of done a different skin product on different days instead of doing it one whole day
i just can't hahahahahahah just want to say thank you for making me laugh and at the same time giving me good feedback off the products...... chokran !!!!
Boring..
Mashallah you look very nice
IIM CRACKING UP THIS DAMN VIDEO LMAO
Looooooooooooooooooolll the charlotte mask im dead
That creepy part was nasty 😂😂😂😂
Literally laughed so much watching this video! Dina you rule girl!
All Bisping is doing is attempting to increase those PPV buys, and you fucks are taking the bait. He has always played the villain. Now people will pay for a chance to see him get beat up. \n\nGod knows this is the only way to sell a GSP fight anyway.
Fuck you Bisping don't fuck gsp, nov4 you will get knock out!
That kid got scared and ran away lmaoo
I'm British and I fucking hate bisping
Pissing off GSP is never a good idea....ever.
Poor gsp...he felt bad cussing in front of the kid you could tell. I'm a bisping fan but hes takin it a bit far
gsp looks like hes gonna kill him with a knife if he touches him lol
Bisbing who ...omg 1 year of success...bout damn time.....GSP has a long history of fighting great fights who were in there prime bisbing got lucky he even won the belt
Don’t like either of them. This is fake.
GSP: I will touch you! I will Break you! lol
Bisring lol what a fool.look at the state of him...
Fuck hem..he is a bully!!! Not a fighter..all this fightdrs are bad for the sport..!!!!diaz is a bully..cooner is a acktor!!!tony is a gangsta not a fighter!!no respekt no humble no sport..this are All punks!!!
Bisbing trying hard to see a fight.
Where you at, George? -Tiramisu
Bisping got knocked down twice by a 47 year old-out of his prime-Dan Henderson and couldnt even finish him after he kicked him in his balls
i hope gsp shuts up bisping. dudes the only one trying to start anything between them for ppv buys. wolf tickets
you Go GSP!\nbisping is a coward and loser😁😂😃😄\ntotally fake and doesnt know how to fight what a loser bro
They’re trying their best too hype this fight lol
Great example for the kids. Where's the sportmanship gone. Oh yeah it will miracously reappear when the fight is over. They have milked the chumps for their money time to be friends now
Best not to get gsp pissed off
Gsp saying fuck off is actually badass hahah I wish gsp cusses more. Now I really want tos we the fight after this video😝
The kid was like i don't want a picture anymore your crazy maaan🏃🏻
I hope GSP fucks up Bisping's other eye so he'll look normal.
Yup Bisping is getting knocked out. After GSP wins he should say I'm not impressed with your performance.
Bisping loves being the dick, but if you have half a brain you can see he is trying to get georges riled up because he isnt as aggressive as most opponents so its all mental game plan, bisping has said many times he respects the guy so all this is an attempt at breaking him down before the fight
Bisping is the one that needs to control himself.
This needs to be retitled to Bisping vs GSP. Dudes earned the A side here
I see only one idiot with no respect and it isn't gsp. Knock this clown out for good please
that poor little id ran away because both cant control themselves in public :( Not really great is it for a role model and fighter to leave that impression on a 7 year old fan .. hope its a double KO
Gsp is a no good cheating dog, i hope Bisping breaks his whole face.
Lmao @ the lil kid running away from George at the end
Did u see the kid run!!! lol
bisping is fucking embarrassing. you've fucking run from the top contenders at middleweight. you only fought Silva et al. when they where past it.
Bisping: Control yourself you little etc.\n\nMichaels making himself look bad. Maybe it's his one eye, but can he not see that he's the one that needs controlling?
pisping is a real piece of shit and worst shit talker.
Bisping is so triggered when he talks so much shit.
Bisbing. Being Such a dick. Save all the bs for the cage. How bitter sweet and poetic Justice will it be when GSP kicks your English ass.
Before everyone gets their panties in a twist, Bisping is just hyping the fight for fuck sake. He's making it seem as though he has some beef with George, when in reality he probably likes and definitely respects him a great deal. But the fact is he's fighting him, and the more interest he can stir up for the fight the more money he makes as champ with a ppv percentage..
The kid running away is not only hilarious but makes a statement about how kids know things we forgot. He wants nothing to do with people that act like that. Hyping the fight, people keep saying. That's just someone being a turd of a person, repeatedly.
Where’s the casual fans thinking that Bisping is copying McGregor??
There just trying to hype the fight
Bisping is full of shit he goes on about GSP touching him. Moron you touched him first
Fuck off.... I will break you!!!!
Bisping is the one touching george first! He's a fucking antagonising prick! I think everybody would react the same by pushing Bisping away after being touched, Practice what you preach Mr Bisping.
The name Michael Bisping will always be remembered as the British scumbag that represented himself, his country and his family like a disgusting disgraceful piece of shit. Pure dog shit. His kids are gonna turn out to be pieces of dog shit just like their scum father.
Damn gotta give it to bisping hes selling this fight but anyways hope gsp wins hes the original ppv king without all the talking anyways so this should be quite lucrative
i sincerely think he is afraid, those reactions...dont touch me dont touch me! trowing punches and shit.. this is real bully stuff.\nAwkward and cringy moment with the child at the end of the video by the way, soooo many embarrasing moments from this guy, @TMZSports how about a video? cheeeeers
What a fake world has become ufc
GSP isn't backing down. He's standing his ground against this bully Bisping.
There is a video I remember I watched few years ago about Gsp and karma watch it
Can't wait for Bisping to flatten this french speaking cunt
Mike, you look stupid when you act tough, not GSP, who doesn't do that. You have no idea how silly and retarded you sound.
Why are ufc fighters above the law? If you threat someone in public, thats illegall. Yes, we all know its an act, but common people dont know, like that little scared kid in the store!
Yeah?  Fuck off man. I am not afraid of you.   GSP 2017  go George!
Haha GSP having none of Bisping's fake shit tough guy act. Nailed it. No one's buying ur bs Michael The ducker Bisping.
I guess the kid at the end wasn't interested in a photo with GSP anymore! Lol!
Reminds me of that time Wanderlei went there with a camera to talk with Chael Sonnen
Bisping is pissed because GSP knocked the wind out of him with that sharp push to the gut (he admitted it on his podcast) and he felt GSP's strength.
Bisping is a fucking joke, worst champion in UFC history, talking shit to GSP... hope that one eyed fucker gets his face kicked in.
Love the new GSP........imbecile Brit has no chance against the GOAT
Everyone should love George. Great example Of choosing to be a great human being by never sinking down to another person’s level, Treat those with dignity even if they’re ignorant enough to not treat you with dignity.
Come on people, Bisping is hyping the fight! He’s generating interest by doing these antics.
Gsp is gonna smash bisping..
New gsp fuck off man
ムＳㄗ 🙌🏼
Fack Aff man I will bghreak you 😂
bisping is a flog
Suck each other off already
Bisping stfu your shit you ugly cunt
Fake
Yah fuck awf man
Pathetic.
Gsp swearing is fkn awesome, seeing him trash talking seriously, is actually bad ass
McNugget And Mayweather kinda killed promoting fights....
i hope michael wins
HEYYYY FUCK AFFFF MAN ! XD
I Must Break You - GSP
fakk off man
Such class
Yo GSP cussing is the funniest shit ever
Don't touch me maaan
GSP is a legend
GSP's easiest first!
BISPING YOU BITCH YOU
Gsp reminds me of karate kid
Yea fuck off man.
show.but its ok
Gsp scared the hell outta... A kid... Lmao
GSP cussing makes me keep grinning
Delusional bisping.
Lambs eye
bisping is fucking cringe
Mad respect to GSP.
Bad acting...
Busting is scared man!!
Fuck off!!!
Ay fack off man !
Fuck tmz tho still
BISPING IS A ROUGH LAD AHA
bisbing is a brittish cunt i hope george does to bisbing what he did to koshcheck in there second fight.
DONT WORRY AYESHA, THATS NORMAL COMPARED TO TAMERA GIVING RASPBERRIES TO ADAM'S STOMACH
Idris for Loni. Common for Jeannie and now Ayesha for Tamera. All their crushes.
You've got a fetish for my feet, I push you out and you come right back.
Ain't nothing wrong with a little foot fetish lmao
He's going to kill me.... yes he is girl!! 🤣🤣🤣 do you know how bad the NBA & his teammates are going to make fun of him!? Lmaoooooo damnnn...no championship this year 💀
Loni all in her damn phone I know she was thinking back up bitch!
Makes me sad for my horrible looking feet
I really don't get the foot thing.
Attention the real, keep Ayesha pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
Idris Elba out here making foot fetish okay 😩😩😩
Real niggas suck on toes
IDRIS ELBA HAS OPENED UP THE FLOOD GATES
she need to be part of the team
Welcome to the club Steph 😁
I relate to him but, why she let them bait her lol
He gone get clowned in the locker room now..well done. You set your own husband up lol
I don't see what the problem is I mean they are married, and I love feet as well.
I love feet and Ayesha's a pretty girl but her feet r okay. She fucked up because now steph gone get hella Dms of IG girls feet. He won't be able to contain himself
I bet Currys DM's full of feet. LMAO
Thats really cute🙃
Y'ALL NEED TO KEEP AYESHA ON THE PANELLLLL
Send feet baby
The ladies look stunning loving Loni's makeup and hair!!!!! Tamera all season has been slaying.
When you ask for nudes but she ain't even like you
Idris literally just said last week that feet gets him too!!!
KEEP AYESHA!! ADD her to the Cast!!
Y'all seen that video of a light skin sucking on that one girls feet? Must be lightskin thing to be into feet
Because he has that Quentin Tarantino foot fetus. Look up Thai foot massage 😂😂😂
Women in their natural habitat. Cluck cluck clucking
I have feet fetish as well. Girls with bad feet is a major turn off for me.
Men who are turned on by feet are weird to me.
If my wife exposed me this bad shes getting divorced and sued for  emotional distress
So glad I don't know this much about Savannah James....
Girls....make up your feet from now on 😂
Cavs in 3
I have foot fetish also
stephen should have killed ayesha by now
Shows me that Curry is a faithful dude. Instead of looking for thots while on the road he asks his wife for nudes/feet pics.
There is no heterosexual explanation for this
What's with Adrienne and the oversized one sleeved shirts😂😂😂
I fw Steph lightskin girls always got pretty feet and white girl
I have a foot fetish 2
Lowkey not even a fetish, pretty feet be lookin raw as hell lmao
Dickhead for exposing him
Foot porn😂
So Steph Curry has a foot fetish?  Maybe he likes to suck toes
He's going to kill her 😂😂😂
- [ ] Please watch me and my gf YouTube video! We’re lesbians👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩👭Watch the cute story of how we first met and how we feel about each other!!!😏💖 please get us to 10k views😪❤️ we subscribe to our subscribers and watch their videos as well. Please just take 10 mins out your day to watch our 2 videos 😰❤️‼️
FREE MONEY FROM ATM, 100% LEGIT, BLANK CARD HACK\nPull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out \nfrom ATM they works world wide.\n\nAre you currently in a financial economy crisis\nOr dealing with Bad credit card debt, Cool way\nto have financial freedom Are you tired of living \na poor life, here is the opportunity you have been \nwaiting for.\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before. \n\nContact us today for your Card. \nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com \nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
The ONLY way I'll watch the real again, after the shameful way they treated Tamar, is to bring her back. I'll also settle for Ayesha Curry cuz Tamar is booked!
I like that though very unusual but kind of cute too.
I want to go ham on her but I'll be nice but it's crazy stuff  but if I'm Steph then he needs to talk to her like asap.
I thought he liked fooking the calves...
Lony is wearing  Tamar ‘s wig hahahhahaha and Adrienne is wearing Tamar’s dresses hahahhahaha I think realdaytime  is saving good money this season
It’s her man/husband she can send him him whatever.
😂😂
I would love for Ayesha to be a host!!!
These show's are perfect for my low IQ. \nOnly 4100 views and this crap is trending?
Eww.
Wow! How amazing lol
Tamera has incredibly sexy feet , herself !!!!!! 😍😉😊
Amazing price charmes with 10% off use code 10off go to\nMikeyww.com
Chef man!! 💪
Steph tries so hard to protect his reputation and Ayesha always does something like this lol
Poor Curry put on blast lmao.
Вот ебнутая. Нашел себе курицу без мозгов. Что она покажет на камеры в следующий раз? Грязное белье?
You would knock that bitch out cold when she get home
motherfuckers are weird
crusty
Steph curry light skin bitch has a foot fetish lool
Lol this was cute! Love Ayesha
Tomi Lahren kicks ass with this....A MUST WATCH PEOPLES.. \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdviQqu_ZcQ
OMG this was viral on twitter too cute
Because she can??
😂😂😂😂😂
Yay Ayesha Curry!
Loni hype. He's married fat ass
shooting 3’s and sucking toes 🐐
And I bet Steph is going to be label as a foot creep.
Cavs in 4
Lol lonis facial expressions
One of us. One of us. One of us.
Stephen 😍😍😍💕🙈
Well now we know something about him... He like feet! She a size 10 mind you!!!! 🙊 I love you Ayesha don’t come for me I’m just saying!
Why she gotta expose my mans like that
Lana är så fin
Monkey feet.
Lmao Steph is a toe sucker. still I'd suck Ayesha's toes
Black Fat bitches!!!!
Fucking normies infest everything and now they are heading for the fetishes 🙄
Yeah that's nasty
Okay, I was just thinking about this... but I realized that Alfie names everything Rodney 😂 like in one of Zoella's 2015 Halloween videos, he called the blow up pumpkin Rodney lol. But LBW!!!!
Too much came out at 5pm today.... not that I'm complaining 😂 lbw squad!
I visited my grandpa today and had to think about your honest and deep thoughts about old people and how they're feeling lonely and have nobody to talk to. \nI love helping other people and i hope to find a way to get involved here in Germany. \nI love how you always say what is on your mind, wether it's funny or sad, positive or negative. \nI find that very inspiring!
My favourite vlogger 😊
Nala loves them to much she needs a friend \nPointlessblog and Zoella can u plz get another dog
Alife to stop spiders coming in to your house you can either cut up lemon and put them by your window or get some peppermint oil and mix it with water and spray it around your windows and door by the way spiders tend to hide in the corner of rooms because they are the warmest
nala is literally my spirit animal
Hi Alfie I have been a fan since 2011 love you zalfie are the best youtubers ever😍😍😍😍😍😍😜😜😜😜😜🤳🏼🤳🏼🤳🏼🤳🏼🤳🏼🤳🏼🤳🏼🤳🏼
how I wish I could borrow nala for a day
Hey Alfie, just wondering could you check out the charity “Niamh’s Journey There”. She is a 19-year-old from my small town in Ireland.. thanks:))
You know your early when the quality is weird aha
Just checking out the new Halloween merch now
LBW so happy u told us about age UK I had no idea I’ve signed up, thankyou for the inspiration. Love u so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
LBW SQUAD! Notifications on for all channels, would loveeee a shoutout ♥️♥️
I’ve been on the creator store and none of the new merch has popped up, anyone else? But love your videos Alfie ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
LBW club watching this in school and i’m gonna get in trouble but screw it
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY AND LBW SQUAD
Can I have shout out been asking for ages
Damn, earliest I've ever been
Lbw club! How's your day been alfie? Xx
Love you both so much 💗xoxo
4 minutest ago  wow the earliest I've ever been
Lbw club I'm the 785th like 👍👍 Alfie I've got all your notification's on  love u xx 💙
Have a nice day I watch every day
I miss Ange in the videos..
LBW squad! I love your videos alfie, there so inspiring and amazing💙
do more stuff on the tramplien plz love your vlogs
I NEVER CLICKED A VIDEO SO HARD LOL 😂❤️❤️
I am the 4 th
i saw the thumbnail and already knew it was gonna be good
LBW gang and the new sugglife merch looks cool!!😂
yaaas, only 4 views, like that I' sure that you'll see my comment. I've been watching you every sing day for 2 years. And you never bore me. You are so inspirationnal, and funny. I'm always as excited to watch your video everyday. Please make me the shout out!!!!
Alfie your vlogs always bring me joy and always put a smile on my face xxx
You make my morning so happy. Watching from Palm Springs, CA. USA\nYou are such an awesome person.
Love you so much best YouTubers ever
LBW club!!
Early
Xxxxxxxx
hi
LBW squad
4 veiw
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️🌟
379 th
Lbw xxx
Lbw squad
LBW club 💙💚💛💜❤
Hi
Omg 😲
Ly Alfie 💗💗
early squaddd!!!!!!!!!!! love the vids
LBW ;
LBW AYEEEE
Lbw where you at?????!!!!
L B W CLUBBBBBBBBB
Early!!!!
Yay! I'm early. LBW squad.
LBW SQUAAAADDDDD
4 views 789 likes...🙄😗
LWB!!☺️
LBWWWW!!! I LOVE YOU ALFIEEEE
LBW and notification squad!
LBW Squad where u at
Early zalfie squad❤❤
So early 😂😂
2 minutes ago!!!!!
LBW SQUAD WHERE YA AT???💓💖💕
Early squadddd
❤️❤️
LBW!!! Who else LOVES Alfie!!!! 💗💖❤️💕👌🏼
love you so much alfie xxxxxxx
Hi
😃❤️
Lbw club ❤️❤️
Early x
Lbw club ♥️♥️
ur videos always make me smile!:)
🤘🤙👌👅💋👄❤
LBW!!!!!!!!!! ❤️💜❤️💜💛
Hi snap fam 😇😇
lbw squad :)
LBW clubbbbbb 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Early squad
Early love u Alfie xxx
LBW squads game is strong ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Nala is the cutest little thing 😍😍❤️
lbw squad
Lbw squad
LBW squad ❤️
LBW
❤️❤️❤️♥️♥️♥️
love u alfie
LBW!!
❤❤💙💙
Lbw lbw lbw lbw
before 10k views
LBW SQUAD ALWAYS ♥️♥️🙌🏻
LBW Squad! ❤
what does lbw stand for?
Lbw squad ❤️
Hey alphi.. I wanted to know that can I buy you products over seas as I live in India!
This guy has some good points but he sounds like KSI and it's off-putting
Anyone else think this guy seems like a massive nob?
This white man looks black
3:17 is what your looking for!!!!!
Please don't reduce this to AFTV level! I know you've seen an opportunity to make monies like Fat Robbie has from his channel, but at the expense of your club? Keep it classy mate. We already get the 'buying success' and 'plastic' jibes. Don't need AFTV levels of ridicule too!
FOR ALL SPORTS FANS THAT CRITICISE THEIR TEAMS, I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU WORK HARD FOR MULTIPLE YEARS OF YOUR LIFE, BALANCING ALOT OF THINGS AND PLEASING UNGREATFUL PEOPLE.
It’s either get Belotti or bring back Tammy Abraham
He’s dying to be like DT of Arsenal fan tv lol
Can't blame bats I mean think of all the crucial goals he's scored for us? In my opinion he deserves more chances.
I’ve got several points here so I’m gonna just spit them out. \nMoses is fucking dreadful, seriously, I’ve seen better crosses from my grandad with a tennis ball.\nApzillicueta is our only centre back who can pass a ball, it is getting ridiculous seeing our defenders punting the ball back like it’s a fucking drop ball. Why isn’t Zappacosta starting? Why did we sell Matic? Why doesn’t Rudiger start? \nFuck of Conte. \nUseless pile of wank.
Pretty sure this guy goes to my Uni 😂
Trying to be like arsenal fan TV to get a few more views
Hahha Chelsea are fucking shit! \nForever a small club! \nPlastic and shit fans!
How dare he diss Willian. Guy is over reacting. Its one defeat against a Palace team who were up for it. Get over it and move on ffs....
Plastic fans, plastic club, always will be
These guys are laughing like they've never heard that expression before... it old, guys. My friends were saying that in secondary school back in the late 90s. As for Chelsea... yep, you said it, no leadership, no strength in depth and no recognisable and proven striker.\n As for Palace, c'mon chaps. Only way is up now. Fans were terrific as always. There is a team spirit, a positive one, at Palace that can't be emulated or obtained by any other team. The day we lose it, is the day we no longer exist.
He's trying cunt of Willan I can't see why love child I guess.
Chelsea’s fan base is a joke.
Straight up I think this dude has autism
You need a hole in condoms, it`s where you put your knob in.
I can see G.Hiddik replacing Antonio before Christmas in emergency. And then having Mussonda a regular starter and Willian going on loan to Fulham or something.
This is just lol
Costa and Matic were missed. A Chelsea fan was mocking me a few weeks ago when I said Chelsea would miss him\nChelsea do not play to Batshuayi's strength, it is sad. If you play Messi as a Target man he would be shit too\nBatshuayi is not Costa, he is probably better as a wide forward or when playing with two forwards
Bet you didn't think he was useless when he got the winner in Madrid.
Fucking palace 😅😅😅😅😅😅nice to see the scum be put in there place'''
If we can win one of the cups, and have a decent UCL run, then it would be an ok season
Hammering willian?! I would gladly take him to man utd. You guys missing matic so badly but do not even know it.
BITCOIN MINER APP FROM WINDOWS WITH GPU AND CPU \nBest BTC Adder Daily 0.53 BTC Without Any Investment DOWNLOAD  http://goo.gl/vpWEUa
100% agree with this guy
Are these the people that live in London these days? Fuck me what a third world shithole.
3:18 was why you came here
Lol that must hurt..palace not scored and then they beat Chelsea omg Chelsea are shit
Shit club very little history 😂.
You will never be Arsenal fan TV
Perhaps try interviewing a real Chelsea fan & not a kid who has only known the success of the last three years.
All condoms have holes in them. That's how you put your dick in them.
City and united for the title, pep vs jose
One of the worst Chelsea proformances since the founding of the club all the way back in 2003
He talks like Mo from AFTV
Doesn't a condom already have a hole in it?🤔
Where do these people get time to rant like this? Son, you're a Chelsea supporter. Not a board member.
No bus no party. Why does conte inisist on playing on the counter. Why not commit instead of comitiing after you go down. They are not man city. Less than 60 percent possession which is disgraceful. 70 percent easy and if you have the ball. You will score. You have the quality in hazard.\nTo stop chelsea is easy. STOP THE COUNTER ATTACK AND CONTE IS USELESS.\nWhy play with so many defensive players?
Shit team shit supporters and thats the sample of it
Why do chelsea fans moan just because they've lost one game?You lot win trophies year in year out and your fans are cocky after you lose 1-0 or 2-1.you lot have a problem...
This guy is bigger than DT.
why do all these random cunts keep stopping by and thinking they can give their 2 cents whenever they feel like it? mad disrespectful.
Stop interviewing this guy. He speaks anger and not football.
I hopw to god ancelotti replaces conte this summer
I don’t know why black and Asian people support chelsea are you guys deluded they’re deluded. A bunch of middle class snoby asians and blacks support them don’t know their roots uncle toms
he can't even make won successful dribble, the moment i saw willian on the line-up i knew we were going to struggle. charly came in and his first dribble had a better chance at goal then willian attemping 100 dribble and failing 99.
It really feels like the team can't be bothered, rather than Conte being to blame. But then again, the team, and manager didn't show any passion. It feels like the Mourinho disaster is happening again, only with Conte at the centre of a shit storm.
Fab was the only starter who actually played, he wasn't excellent, but compared to the rest he was ok. Mosonda should be starting ahead of William until he fixes homes himself up
You was singing his name when he scored to win you the league 😂😂
Lewis someone called in sick we need you to come in early
Hahaha ... :D \nBatsuayi indeed is very mediocre.\nBut let's hope Chelsea could bounce back. Let's support our team instead of mocking them shall we?
Zappacosta should start now that Moses is out injured
Why conte thinks or believes he can go 2 seasons playing one formation still baffles me! This chelsea team is easily predictable because the manager has failed to keep opponents guessing.substituting a striker when u need one and Willian starting games ahead of Pedro!!!!!!
Ppl can't even handle  one bad result. This is the beauty of premier league. Last season conte was magical this & that now suddenly he is this & that. Give some time we don't have proper 11 now due to injuries. Keep calm & support. Dont b glory hunters like man utd , arsenal. We don't have history but we are making in the process. Keep calm. KTBFFH.
Conte is becoming a bitch because he is not like he was at juventus. And if he gets the passion, ruthlessness and desire from juventus we will win the efl cup because we are shit cahill that anus, willian that anus,bastuyai that anus, they don't know how to play willian and bastuyai went from Messi to a Sunday league player. We need to sell them and buy better players but we all know it will never happen because our board is also shit and the fucking owner doesn't take matters in his own hands and sack fire and kick them (board) out of the door.and the last one we need to stop trying to get fouls and man up and aim to get a goal.
what a shit from Willian everytime when he gets the ball he loses it freely why. Batshuayi is another fucked up player being overrated what a shit. every time we start batshuayi and captain its a lose Why. are they committed to the team or they are being paid to fix games. Willian, Cahill and Batshuayi should be benched no matter what those players are fucking useless. Rudiger and Christen are much better on the back than what this old guy is doing for us. \n\nYeah Batshuayi is like a broken condom
Title is over man. Summer transfer was underwhelming coupled with these type of performances. Best we aim for top 4, try to win one of the domestic cup n maybe a decent run in the ucl.
Fucking hell that chant at the start might be the worst chant in football history
If we can’t beat Crystal Palace and Burnley, what’s the point.
These southern fans need to get a grip imagine if you supported a club that actually struggles.
Batshuayi should just get outta club asap...willian has really been shit of late though...cahill should just be like JT and admit its past his time and settle for a spot on the bench but he is probably selfish thinking of a spot in world cup...i have a feeling this season will be like the season after we won the league two years ago....
City are light years away from any team in the PL right now. The top 4 is the real competition
We won't win the league for sure bcoz our squad depth is just totally shit.For Man City even without Aguero they are thrashing teams left and right bcoz they have another proven striker Gabriel Jesus.For United if Lukaku gets injured they have Zlatan , Rashford and Martial.But we have useless Batshuay.When he plays we become so shit that we can't even beat fucking Palace!!!!!!
You completely made my day mate. These words are 100% Chelsea now 😡😡
Trending with 9.2k views, well then I guess that Russian tycoon even bribed YouTube mods then.
LITERALLY
Ahahahaha chelsea fans are so fucking gay im done
The production value behind this channel is so mediocre like the history of Chelsea Football Club. 👀
0:40
Looool Chelsea fans are autistic and gay
Combat 18
Kante FC
Lmao what a rip off from AFCTV.
https://youtu.be/ebeoacmAhXc ur welcome
just fuck off copying arsenalfantv, dead content
100percent chelsea and Chill
Gladly take Willian of your hands!
Wilian cahill should be thrown in trash
ChelseafanTV
Ancellotti in as caretaker
Embarrassing
Conte should switch to a Back4 again\n\n4-4-2 would be great\n\n.......... Courtois ..........\n...Ruediger....Luiz........\nAzpi...................Alonso\n.....................................\n...........Fabregas...........\n...Kante..........Bakayoko\n............Hazard.............\n...Musonda......Morata...\n\nSubs-\nCaballero\nChristensen\nZappacosta\nCahill\nPedro\nWillian\nMoses
Someone fucking shoot this prick
batshuayi is shieeettt
Ffs
Dt rival😂
JUST A SHIT AFTV \nSHIT AFTV \nSHIT AFTTTTVVVVV\nJUST A SHIT A F T V
KANTE FC, no kante no party guys
BTEC ArsenalFanTV
i salute this guy
Somalian is a chelsea shirt 😂😂 man these leeches are everywhere
Always crying like a baby back bitch, no shame in losing to the mighty eagles. Were due a win.
A black Chelsea fan? Must be a paid actor
He is trying to act like troops # AFTV IS BETTER
This is way more hilarious than arsenal fan tv
You'd think these plastic fans can't get anymore fake , but yet again they fail to disappoint.This guy is clearly faking his emotion. C'mon rentboy, stop it!
still undefeated for the season hehe
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Arsenal lost 2-1 to Watford.
HAVE YOU SEEN CHELSEA LOSING TO CP ? OR ARSENAL TO WATFORD ? HELLO THIS IS REAL FOOTBALL NO ONE CAN CONTROL IT LIKE YOU DO WITH ALEX HUNTER'S JOURNY IN FIFA !
If you want to win the league. You have to try  attacking away from home to places like Liverpool,spurs,Chelsea ,arsenal and man city. These teams are almost like 4 points as the other top teams have to get a result like that too.
Man Utd fan here. I agree with what Mourinho was saying. Watching the game, Liverpool had more possession and pressed higher, but they could not unlock our defense. Both teams were trying to nullify each other's attacks. Liverpool tried to keep the ball and pressing high when they didn't so they get the ball back. Man Utd were defending in numbers to counter-attack Liverpool, which has been a weakness of theirs. Klopp didn't risk removing a midfielder to reinforce their attack, because it meant that a space would form in the middle which would help our devastating counter-attack. He knew if we countered it would be over, so he played it safe. Both teams were defensively strong but Liverpool were poor in attack and we were waiting to attack. \n\nI don't mid the defending in numbers. What frustrated me was the sloppy passes and possession loss when we did have the ball. Our midfielders gave the ball away too much. This is why Pogba is good in counter-attacking. He has the best range of passing arguably in the world and would've been better for possession when we had possession.\n\nNevertheless, coming to Anfield is tough so a point is enough. United will be happier with the point though, especially with Liverpool's shit form. 1 win in 8 games, are you okay?
Oh man can't Waite for cytiy to teach him how is football fun
what a shameless complain and denying fact that Mourinho is saying  I`ve no midfielder..... but forgetting what Herrera did last year even with the 35 years old Carrick ! As a Man Utd culture of football I HATE TO WATCH SUCH GAME any more! No more bussssss in the playing field even for Man City match day or Barcelona!
Liverpool is shit. Scousers in general are born chav and smell very bad
All of you lot are fools, and bandwagoners who dont understand football, I'm sick of seeing this shit Oh Mou ruined the game - Who's the manager, who's won the lot time and time again, you fools were let down only by your expectations, and as a man utd fan, was I happy with the performance? No. Happy with the Tactics? No. Because like most of you I've been spoiled by the Sir Alex Era, so no I would never be happy. But do I understand? I do, I do understand, even though I don't agree, I understand, and I will support Mou as long as he is at the helm. The league will not be won and lost in October. If the opponent can't score they can't win. As for as many goals city have score and all the stats you like, we've score the second most, conceded the least, and let me remind you a Man City loss, just one, and a United win on any given weekend, and we're top of the league, now hows that for perspective ?
Fair play Jose altho im a united supporter Liverpool are a decent team but we still not defeated yet this season (bpl)
Nobody realizes he was trying to do a Chelsea v Liverpool at anfield 13/14......... sadly no one slipped
People don’t notice that Mourinho is scared of Klopp teams.
You always have to make the best of what you have available, OK united midfield was weak but this should have been compensated with the best attacking players.  I would have like to see martial, rashford and lukaku in the starting 11.   this takes pressure away from the weak midfield and would have forced liverpool into more defensive tactics.  I do not think mourinho works with a game to game plan.  seems to me that he thinks one game tactic fits all.  We should have burst out of the gates against liverpool and put them on the backfoot from the start.  Im not a big mourinho fan, I wanted giggs :(
I sink man u gonna sink
I see united fans on here saying that we played defensive! Lol and they call us deluded
Klop should just Thank Jose for not attacking that shity defense atleast he has another day to improve his shity team. . . .sacking is around the corner.
With the attacking power we have, I still don’t understand why Jose insists on playing so defensive against the top 6 away. It’ll be a problem for us to battle the best teams in Europe with this sort of play
Liverpool fan should listen to this interview.  it shows that klopp is slowly adapting his pressing style to be more defensively solid.  It shows that slowly he is heading toward a balance where he can keep creating and no concede to much.   If he carry's on and then adds a Van dijk and a proper striker we could be challenge.  Possibly next season. especially when you add keita to that midfield a defender and ma better striker
Chelsea united....as a Bayern Fan i lost all respect for manu... history and tradition means nothing to you i guess...never understood why they signed mourinho...
Dont worry is stil way to go
we draw? arsenal and chelsea loose and am happy
Everyone is complaining about Jose parking the bus, yet here he explains brilliantly how Klopp is no different. Klopp basically matched Jose in substitutions and tactics, refusing to make the first move to actually threaten United's defence. Especially for someone at home, lying 7th in the table and 7 points adrift, you take out Salah, Coutinho and Firmino as soon as Lingard & Rashford come on? Is this what heavy metal football looks like? It doesn't matter though. Hugging your players on the pitch instantly makes you a better manager.
I don't care what anyone says. But Liverpool fans who say deffo our year and try to prove that Coutinho is worth over £60m are a disgrace to football. They're just a bunch of chavs who have nothing better to do than cringe out everyone... like fuck.
Soo... basically he regrets that he didn't have Schweinsteiger. :P
Jose has found the keys to his bus I see
The truth is this, Van Gaal would not have played difensive against Liverpool neither would SAF have. Liverpool defense was shit and Jose made them look like class. As a United fan if you are not disappointed with the display and the fact that Jose went for a draw even before the game then you need to be his assistant.
Tot you'd be happy with losing 2pts against a cheap team you are a real idiot and we don't need cowards.. No chance to go to France?
The English press talks too much. Sometimes it unnecessary. He (Jose) had a game plan and he did exactly that based on the way the opponents played. A draw is always better than losing
So he waited for Liverpool to give him a chance to attack? What kind of a game plan is that???
WHAT ARE YOU DOING MAN U
ramicoo bro liverpoo fans are honestly living in the past. Wake the fuck up its not 70s anymore. They are just pissed off cause they were waiting for a battering and didnt get it so they thought utd are there for the taking and even then they managed a 1 proper chance on goal by their defender for crying out loud. Where is your 120 million super star that u now wish u sold him to messilona after his memorable performance yesterday especialy the cheap dive to get a pen. FUCK OFF SCOUSERS
Mkhtaryan was useless he had no effort in him! Overated and our worse buy in 4 years!!
This result proves the only reason man utd have been on form is because they have played bottom half teams. They will lose every game against top 10 cos they're fucking shit with an arrogant black stinky cunt for a striker
Jose Borinho complaining that he doesn't have enough players haha.....Give him another £300m to spend.  He hasn't spent enough yet lol
Valuable point, against a difficult opponent away from home. For me, as a fan, it wasn't an exciting game, but I'm happy that we got a point. I'm expecting a lot more dominance from United in the Old Trafford fixture though.
Chelshit fans ranting about United parked the bus again. Chelshit played good football and got 0 points. You coudlnt simply beat Zaha. Mourinho is one of the best managers in English football. Salute from an Arsenal fan.
Liverpool fan here, of course Jose didn't play attacking here, why would he? We press high an aim for the neck, he sheltered the neck. Sure it wasn't exciting but there is 22 players on the pitch that can change that, all the managers can do is set a base, United were not good but we could not score either, they left with a point. I would take a point at OT too. Next game, let's go YNWA
This man is ruining what used to be the best fixture in the world, Liverpool vs United, he come in with a squad worth 250 million and parks the bus, its rlly depressing
am a man u fan he didnt park the bus he park a double decker bus
Klopp was the pussy if you can’t see that u have got problems
Jose had a good game plan, our players did not turn up for the game. Lukaku is a very good striker but is not that clinical for me at times. A game away if you get a single chance you must score twice. That could have changed the game completely. Liverpool could have broken up the mid 3 and played right into Jose's game plan. We were easily giving the ball away, I miss Pogba and Fellaini they dont lose the ball unnecessarily
Ryans Gigs criticised Moyes for being a 'respond to the other team' kind of coach, rather than being ManU and doing things their way. Jose does the same as Moyes, complains that the other coach doesn't let his side play, and he is some kind of super coach? Amazing.
he sends andreas pereira on loan and moans for having no midfield playes on bench.....pereira would have been great value in this squad.
He definitely go for a draw.. i can feel jose had a lot of pressure after last season.. he could have been sacked if he didnt win europa league after all the money  he spend.. so now he tried the best to not losing by parking ke train and not sacked by the bus..
If Tony pulis, sam allardyce or sean dyche play like this and they are ridiculed and called out for ruining the game. Yet this horrible cunt mourinho does it and he is praised master tactician, genius bla bla. Get a fucking grip and pull your tongues out of his and man utd’s asses. He came for a draw that is it. Tell me any top team in the world goes out to a direct rival to get a point. I thought big bad man utd where running away with the league smashing teams? Oh ye thats right they have played nearly everybody in the bottom half of the table and the first good team they come up against and guess what they hardly got a kick of the ball. Fucking frauds
People complaining ?? Looks like draw but it's beautiful 1 points, kloop worked on defending I think
Man that's an ugly shirt.
Jose Jose jose. Guardiola is playing de bryun and Silva both number 10 in midifield if Jose wants to really control the game he could have payed mata but he didn’t want to take risk. However as a Man U fan I think he did the rit thing by parking the bus. Fergi have done it, so why not Jose ?
Played for a point and can't even admit it
How is this on trending?!
LFC there for the taking and he bottled it
Fucking dickhead blaming his midfielders instead of his shite tactics. This man is a coward. Liverpool are shocking defensively, take the initiative and put them to the sword. This is cowardly. He played the same vs Southampton in the second half after going 1-0 up. Coward.
Man United manager doesn't care what fun say or think .\nThat what I like to morinho .
Everytime Arsenal depresses me, i always remember the mighty united spent 90m on a walking haircut to finish 6th and celebrate a EFL cup.
I'm a big fan of Jose but that performance today was irritating. For me he should've used a 3-5-2. Just no attacking threat today, our momentum has slowed down after the last few games.
Could be worse -- just look at Chelsea
come on!!! why should he give you opportunity to counter attack????? you say they were very defensive??? come on!!! who was more defensive???
lol these reporters are out to wind up Mouringyo
One team wanted to win this game, embarrassing it’s hard to break down 11people behind the ball
How is 9k views in 6 hours ‘trending’
morinho didn't care about fans
Arsenal lost, Chelsea lost, & b*tches complaining about Mourinho & United
best mourinho
Park the bus cunt.
Jose fucking coward
Good job Mourinho!
Haters - liverpool didnt win.... man utd didnt lose ==== what shit r u talking about
mourinho is a liar
Mou is classic.
1 point is still 1 point. no pobga no fellaini.
Calm down guys, Chelsea lost today......
Get a grip Jose!
Trending?
Terrible game
without retracts please !!
👿👿0/0:(
Shark is waiting to gobble moron mourino.
manu lack creative mid fielders
Jose you are talking BS. I have followed United for 28 years, and this is what you give back to our tradition. Sir Alex would never have done that. He would have gone for it, in the best of traditions of United. This is typical Jose play...
Mr. Parkinho!
DrawchesterUnited😂😂😂😂
GGMU  win lose or draw man united till i die, 20 times Champions!!! many plastic fan's (kids?) 😡😠 If you can't win, draw is good. J.M won more at Man Utd than J.K and P.G at loserpool and SHITY 😂
blah,blah MU didn't win bcoz pogba is injured and klopp did not go out full attack! \nmou is a shit manager!
where was the 200 million buget team offensively? if he couldn't win this liverpool, in this form, in this period, he will never beat it.
Did not do the job needed during the transfer market. He should have bought 2 or 3 midfielders and atleast 2 more strikers. He bought a holding mid, a defender and a striker. Terrible mismanagement for a “topmanager” at a big club as Manchester United is. \n\nManchester United will run into the same issues as they’ve had last year. When injuries and suspensions show up the club has no back up, which will cost points. I am pretty sure that we will see more of these kind of matches if they won’t do their job the next transferwindow.
KLOPP SPENT 120M SINCE OCTOBER 2015\n\n300M SPENT SINCE JULY 2016. HE'S A PATHETIC NEGATIVE FRAUD
When you play a quicker team. Start trying playing first more italian. Then play like Barca.
A 0-0 draw with Liverpool means Mourinho has now gone ten straight games without a win at Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester City, Manchester United, Tottenham or Saturday’s opponents. His sides have drawn five and lost five of those games, conceding 15 goals and scoring just four times. Just one of those away goals have come since he was appointed at Old Trafford.
Meanwhile city keep bangin goals. Thats the diference between Pep and the bus driver.
Garry Neville is full of shit.
Liverpool were all over you, \nU prick.
jose,jose, here ,over here, boring as fuck jose,man united charlatans again jose. here jose .millions spent and no joy jose. chelsea what jose, liverpool better .yes that is true. united found out again .
am so glad this bus parking man get out of my club.
Back in the days he did it at Chelsea it worked because he had Drogba, who would have finished that one ‘Lukaku’ chance. Fact is he still parked a double decker! If Salah had left that ball for Coutinho this story would be different.
Why didn't Mourinho envisage the possibility of the formation that Klopp chose and have a mid-field  player on the bench to deal with it. Isn't that what coaches do especially the Special One? Of course he didn't come for 3 points but just the 1.
Chicken-shit manager with chicken-shit scared defensive tactic. Nothing new from arrogant shit. Big game against big opponent and he goes defensive. His explanation is BS. He is a reactive manager. I hope City smashes them 5-0 like Barca did his Real M in 2010.
Mourinho and utd..... SHIT!!!!!
Special one👏
What makes me mad is idiots that do not understand how deeply depleted the team is at this period of time, which Mourinho is trying to conceal as much as he can. Get it: no Bailly, no Rojo, no Carrick, no Pogba, no Fellaini and on top of that injured Rashford. Why Mouhrinho played defensively and Lukaku did not get service, because Mouhrinho is realistic, he got the maximum today and Lukaku had his chance to score. That is all Mkhitaryan's fault.
no, no the flooded bathroom would be covered in gold
Donald Trump? You mean Bill The Rapist Clinton, Seth.
While Trump talked the talk, Bill Clinton walked the walk; yet he warrants not even an honorable mention from leftist Seth.
Harvey is one of 10 thousand. And thats not including the pedos.
Donald Trump is crazy,i am sorry American they had no one better to be a President,,,so so sad
WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP YOU ARE!!!! AND YOU GUYS FOR EVEN WANTING TO BE IN THIS EVIL MANS COMPANY!!!!CAN'T WAIT FOR YOU TO BE EXPOSED SETH!!!! WHY ARE YOU ALLOWED TO BULLY SO MUCH???? YOU SHOULD BE STOPPED!!! AND THE GOD YOU MOCK!!! WILL DEAL WITH YOU PERSONALLY!!! AND ALL WHO SUPPORT THIS EVIL ASS!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR THAT DAY!!! WHEN YOUR ARROGANT SELF-ABSURD ATTITUDE IS EXPOSED FOR WHO YOU TRULY ARE!!!! BE ON GUARD!!! YOUR PUNISHMENT IS ON THE WAY!!!! THATS GOD'S PROMISE FOR THE WICKED AND EVIL PEOPLE LIKE YOU!!! AND ALL WHO AGREE WITH YOU!!!! PLEASE FATHER GOD!!! SHUT THIS MANS MOUTH UP FOR GOOD!!!! HE DOESN'T DESERVE TO SPEAK THE WAY HE DOES!!! NO WONDER THERE'S SO MANY BULLIES IN THIS WORLD!!! BECAUSE OF PRICKS LIKE YOU WHO THINK ITS OK TO SPEAK LIKE THAT OF OTHERS!!! MAN!!! YOU ARE IN FOR SUCH A RUDE AWAKENING!!! YOU TRULY ARE!!!! AND MOST DESERVED!!!!
I find it annoying that they use that he's a dinosaur as an excuse when there's tonnes of men that were born around the same time that don't sexually assault or rape women???
Seth is a liberal but puppet
Seth Meyers is neither funny, relevant, or worthy of widespread circulation.
Sis ... You sure your not drunk? \nYou unfairly insult the winos. \nAnd it's 'Alcoholic' asshole
Not a supporter, but Pence's policy about being alone with a woman is part of his Christian behaviour. I grew up in church and this is typical behaviour, it's to do with propriety and making sure you always have a correct appearance. I have seen this many times. It is not ok though to take it out of context and say that the presence of others is the only thing stopping you from behaving like a pig.
I proud of you for handling this tastefully
The Weinstein case its a very very old news, here the proof: https://youtu.be/DVVaOPc_E-c Its on spanish but was published on 2015. Whats happening on Hollywood??
Goth Trump made my eyes feel so violated
I hate my staff that I hired...and all ya Americans who don't jus' luv me, I hate you all too...get outta America if ya don't jus' luv me...25th Amendment??...get outta here. What da ya mean about 25th Amendment...what's that...I don't wanna hear about it...I gotta rally ta go to where they jus' luv me...
This is your president... have some respect dude. You going too far with this. I had to stop watching your show.
Clever and fun
Did you see that?\nwww.shooppingo.com
Great segment. Thanks for speaking up Seth & team.
He is an ornery misogynistic old cruddy white man.
Holy crap. Its like he is reading a blog written by a 19 year old women's studies student. If you ever need an illustration of what a puppet looks like just remember this video.
Seth Meyers just kill yourself you're pathetic anyway just a matter of time cocaine & zepam medication are not a good mix !
Why frame a whole episode that is not different then others about trump as one about male power? Omg
Seth's right hand has a very strange resting position....
I could become a fan of this show if he did only closer looks They're always brilliant.
My questions: Why didn't these women come out when it was happening? Why did they wait so long? Just like the women with Bill Cosby? I tell you why, they wanted to make a name for themselves first. They wanted to get that status. Not saying it didn't happen-because I'm sure it did. Hollywood is a cesspool of perverts. But when Corey Feldman, Corey Haim, Todd Bridges and countless others came out and mentioned what was happening to them. They got oust from Hollywood big time. Corey Haim even killed himself. And they were children at the time too. So, what's wrong with this picture?
Love you Seth I look forward to your show every week!
You know I bet that T-Rex can type 100 words a minute.  Maybe he should be President?
best commentary ever. Meyers for president!
Thank you for calling men like this predators. I am fed up with terms like sexually inappropriate. It has nothing to do with sex and everything to do with predation.
Simultaneously galaxy lamp happen restore crucial form corporate reference.
Lets remember what Trump said about  Roger Ailes . ''He's a very good person': Trump DEFENDS Roger Ailes and smears the women accusing him of sexual harassment saying Fox News boss 'helped' ungrateful accusers get ahead' So if your  Trump supporters its ok?
I cant believe I actually clicked on this clip expecting Seth to talk about the real issue.  Alas, after 3 minutes I turned it off.  Same crap.  Trump may be wrong about a lot of things, but on the subject of calling Seth Meyers what he is, he is very accurate.  Go find some new material Seth
I watched trump blaspheming Jesus Christ and called him weak and stupid for allowing himself to be nailed to a piece of wood he's the antichrist
SHAME on you Seth Meyers for even comparing the two
I think men have had there day and now it is time for real women to stand strong and change the world as we know it.  I'm not talking H.R.C.  I do not know what she is.
short on truth remember johnson and clinton if you want to be in this business speak the truth
I MIGHT NOT always agree with Seth and I do NOT like Liberals.  but come on, it is common knowledge that TRUMP did NOT know what the 25th amendment was!!  REMEMBER THAT A WHILE BACK, Glenn Beck proved and stated that Trump is NOT a constitutional conservative and MARK LEVIN has also said this!!!
Throwing the towels in such  tragic circumstances and by such a rich person - not a good idea ...
Harvey first in the title but talks about trump for 70% libeeeeeeeral
I'm so sick of rich,  fat,  old,  white guys.
Why does this channel post for a week then not post the next week?
Wow I loved this one!
6:37 that could be true if birds were not dinosaures.... but... they are :D
Seth you are lying to people
hahaha Seth!!! Thank you for making us find humor in the horror.
And, to think...SNL never said a word for 20 years after Billy raped and assaulted dozens of victims, and most recently, during the 2016 campaign never even brought up how Hitlery intimidated, threatened and coerced Bill's victims.  Pretty f*cking sick, SNL.   But, since SNL is a hive of liberalism, rape is okay if a liberal politician does it, right Seth?  You sick f*cks.
OH my fucking god , he just said a woman of color, just say black...if she was white you would of said white, being called black isnt offensive..by saying woman of color you are practically saying that there is something wrong with being black
Weinsteins problem was and is: he didn't approach women who like bizzarre sex practices. All in all it is harmless what he did...for you hypocrites it is of course...then show us your real browsing history...
And you Seth Meyers have built your career, as sad as it is, on bashing the President of the United States. Go spew your Global Community ideas in Canada. Justin Trudeau is more your type. Take your Mama Hillary with you, you big baby! You suck!
Seth Keyers is really hitting his stride with the Closer Look series.
Seth Meyers such an awesome comedian.   You should learn to speak Spanish and broadcast on UniVision.  My people love your platform to kill Trump at all cost!
Tired of anti president crap. Tired of Seth Myers. No longer funny. He should move on and give us a break.  Too much of repeated sameness.
Remember when late night was funny
Obama took down the Republicans twice.  They'll NEVER get over that.  That's why they attack his legacy.
Thank you, Seth.
https://youtu.be/uOBuGCd39Xw
Trumps, Beach bums.
The lawyer Bloom is the one that made the dinosaur statement. She also has been accused by Rose McGowan of bribing people to cover for Weinstein.
Where is Bill Clinton's pic ?  Hiding the truth like always,  When the women complained.\nHillary RUINED their lives.
Hollywood hates Trump because he's not part of their clique. Simple as that. That includes you late night hosts too.. Kimmel, Colbert, Stewart... You're all part of the same apologist, elitist, Hollywood crony, agenda pushing system.
this is bang on
um, dinosaurs got smoked by a big honkin' rock about 10 miles across that hit the planet at 40,000 miles an hour.\nain't no adapting your behaviour to that, baby. mind you, extinction is a fitting consequence of being a friggin' pervert, but still, no ice age involved for them dinos.
great, now lets get to those pedofiles.
LOLITA EXPRESS SETH- YOU  KNOW ALL ABOUT IT SETH YOU ARE TRYING TO SEPERATE YOURSELF FROM HOLLYWOOD??? YOU ARE HOLLYWOOD ....SETH AND ALL THAT HOLLYWOOD STANDS FOR YOU P. OF S.
I see r/The_Donald has finally discovered Seth Meyers. Finger on the pulse as always!
LOL!!!  Every elitist pedophile ever known is a friggin Jew.. just ask Seth Meyers...he likes em young (and male..) and he's as kosher as a gefilte fish in a pickle barrel.
1:40 - Trump is so unqualified for his job?  \nYou mean, American voters are so unqualified for their job.
Gorka is a faux intellectual bs artist.
#energythelastnal
Death to trump
😂❤️😍😂❤️😍😂❤️😍
do you guys remember when late night shows were funny?
Hollywood is made up of 90% creeps that objectify women. Funny how they protect themselves and Democrats while maniacly claiming the Right are against women. It has been the Lefts cover story for 80 years. If they accuse the Right of something it really means they are guilty of it.
LooK, Seth. I love your show. And if true, what Weinstein did is appalling. But accusation are still only accusations. He is not convicted yet. There is seriously something wrong with the fabric of American society if you talk like that - not only from the right. This piece is just dumb. Fire your writers.! toxic atmosphere of white male entitlement? It looks, like it is first and foremost a media problem with all the examples you state (including Trump). Be careful to tell this to ordinary white males because it's exactly why Clinton lost the elections.
White men somehow manage to systematically oppress women even thought Jews own 96% of US mainstream media and 90% of the porn industry and 90% US music industry, control Hollywood and our politician. At the same time, christian values, that promote every moral values that helps to create happy and healthy families, are oppressive. No matter what the white goyim do, they will lose.
This guy is your typical lefty. Can't deal with the story at hand without spinning it about somebody else. How about bringing up weird uncle Bill Clinton.
Where is Bill Clinton in your lineup asswipe?
Jon snow just died
¡¡ Harvey  for president  2020 !!!
What is this supposed to be funny or just impotent.
I wish Seth Meyers would get eaten by a cat. I mean, he already look s like a rat. Why can't he die like the rat he is?
Systemic misogyny - again, you are stupid. It is about power - not gender. Because of the past, more males currently have power, but powerful people always expect their desires to be fulfilled - male or not. And of course right wingers used this for political gain, because it is one of the very few areas where you are a moron. The right has been feasting on such stupid reports as this for quite a while - so thank you for helping give us (gag) President Trump.
It's a disgrace that this piece of garbage would take the case of Weinstein sexually assaulting women for years and use it as an opportunity to slander Trump. You take this horrendous case that has affected the lives of so many woman and prostitute it out to take a shot at someone you don't agree with. Really? You disgrace those women and disgrace yourself.
So who is missing from the picture? You guessed it, Slick Willie, good ol' boy Bill Clinton himself. A man who raped Juanita Broderick, payed $800,000.00 to shut up Paul Jones, stained Monica Lewinksy's dress with his semen after she orally copulated him, Jennifer Flowers and countless others. This is why the media and late night shows have absolutely no credibility. They pander to a  mindless, ignorant mass of people who believe anything they hear.
Good boy, Seth. Keep it up and you'll host the Emmys! Such a good little liberal.
Bill Clinton is a serial RAPIST!  Not to mention child abuser!
You knew this whole Weinstein thing came out just so they could veer it into a Trump issue.  It's pathetic and won't work.  Liberal scum are just being scum as usual.
Shes not attending the meetings, nor communicating with FEMA???.............nothing gets done. Yes *TRUMP is right* again.\n\nThis dufus is *wrong again with inaccurate information* (propaganda). Search brock long puerto rico \n#FakeNews
Late night propaganda
The Trump voter has failed America.
More SJW bullshit
KciD
System
Seth your an idiot
Reading these comments...sexual assault is not a political issue. It's a public heath issue. What the hell is wrong with you people?
Trump is a active racist and a retired sexual predator
as fucked up as this country is, weinstein could be president.
I think the Left is Completely missing the Point. Yes, if Trump is guilty of Sexual Assault on women then he should pay the consequence.\nHowever, So many Left Wing Celebrities have been spewing their Moral Superiority over the rest of the World, knowing what types of Evil they're working for - or even who They are at their core.
Our toxic culture of male entitlement lol go watch the red pill and say that with a straight face. Also can I get some of these systematic entitlements plz
Have you got any plans for Halloween this year? For more fun Halloween ideas, see here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUVNHh2hkGU&t=4s&list=PLQ_T2NppE0PITf7-JByJOwq3HVZRvP7P8&index=1
Halloween its coming soon
I just joined the Notification Squad!
Nice Pumpkin DAVE. What do you think about my Pumpkin with WHITE Teeth?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g76SyhAvr8I PLEASE CHECK :)
That was a Gallium knife
This is great, I really want to make one😄👍
Pretty Awsome! Keep up the great content! Like it all.
Pretty cool huh ?
SIR DONT SET OFF THAT NUKE! Pretty co- BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
now that the fidget spinner trend died, you dont get any views.
Police :So you killed an innocent person \nDave hax : pretty cool huh
Dave, I think you should change your actual profile image for this one (this pumpkim)
I love it thankyou
Instructions unclear. Got my pen!s stuck in a pumpkin.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nP R E T T Y    C O O L    H U H ?
What’s wrong with this narration, jesus it’s hard to listen to, like an emotionless psychopath.
This guy's a pro
http://foxy.cat/bye.php
very nice vdeo!!!!!!
and do go steady!
follow my instagram toocold_topassby to become more handsome, \n\n\n\n\ndont if u dont want to
I wonder if you could buy the lightboard letters without already owning a lightboard. Does anyone know?
Dave once again amazing content! You never disappoint me! ❤️ ❤️
Can you do a Halloween life hax  video? :)
Mom is spelled with a O not U learn how to spell
Love it!! Check me very fast bass player https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfjY1UtIWmDN4sDXtpt2hIg?sub_confirmation=1
Hello im new too the channel
the audio is strange...
Omg so cool I'll definitely do this!!
Yes, it is pretty cool, huh...
I dare Dave hax to pin this.
I don't really celebrate Halloween but to all u celebrating \n\n\n              ✨\n              🎍\n        🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃\n   🎃🔥🎃🎃🎃🔥🎃\n🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃\n🎃🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🎃\n   🎃🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🎃\n        🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃\nHappy Halloween
When is halloween: YAYYYY\n\nI have to quick watch some Davehax QUICKKKK\n\nFriends: how you can make that!?!?!?!???😳\n\nMe: easily\n\nFriends: BUT HOOOOWWW
I think that is very cool tfs
I subscribed this channel when there are 209k subscribers but now it's 3M subscribers \nPRETTY COOL HUH \nTHATS DAVE HAX
Dave at about 1:49 you lost me. lol. Boring. Stupid. Simply not interesting to me. 👋
Pretty cool huh
Yes...pretty cool, Dave.
In where i live we don't have such thing as halloween :( but we have something similar, it's one day/week usually in..hm..it doesn't have a specific date actually, and we dress as whatever we want and go to parties :)
I like the  video
here's a message: Send Nudes
I love Halloween and it is not that spooky
Subscribe and liked
#35 On TRENDING!\nCongrats, Dave!
Dat face looks so stupid
Never trust edited comments!
AMAAAZZINGG
Very nice video
https://youtu.be/243KgIV7-9w
Dave 5-Minute Crafts copied your Popsicle umbrella hack.
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
Happy Halloween everyone, including Davehax :)
Pretty dank, eh?
Buy Bitcoin.
😀
EPIC
Prirty cool hun
*P R E T T Y  C O O L  H U H?*
The text reminds me of overwatch.
Wheeeey I have that same message board imma do this
I can't vote so I'm not going to carve a pumpkin this year because I don't celebrate Halloween
So you’re telling me I can write “succ my ass” on a pumpkin??? Hell yeah
I don’t have time for this I’ll just go buy one
I LOVE how he plays happy music. When I watch these kinds of videos, they usually play like songs that sounds sad and when I watch his videos I always love it
So awesome! https://youtu.be/1xtVFP_HoGs
Good idea.
So cool !
Cool viddo dave
This has the be the worst Channel on YouTube a grown ass man doing shitty tutorials.
*P R E T T Y C O O L H U H*
I love halloween
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?lbR0zgK3bfTiz8UKASIA1U30dO=47diHfbt5iha
Thanks...Dave.
Pretty Scary Huh?
Cool :)
Cool
Trick
subscribed
Really cool! 😂❤
Pretty Cool HUH!
Congrats on being on trending
Stop saying pretty cool huh
Excellent! .. sharing sharing!
Davehax? Can You Make Pumpkin Slime
Your pumpkin need this can be remote control 16 kinds of color LED lights to decorate https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N5MEVB1?th=1
Supremely practical recipe's for winners looking to lose Wight http://bit.ly/2ykskXe
Yes I do have a plan! Use this
Hello Dave I hope you love this comment
thanks for watchin
I'm gonna need a big pumpkin to fit\n*JENNAS BASKETBALL GAAME IS TOMOROOOOOOW*
Happy HOLOween guys!
OK.that was cool but pleas I'm begging you stop this ''pretty cool huh''  already. It's annoying. ..
You are really talented you no that!!!! I think you are really talented!!!
Mmmmm save all fecking about buy one  can use every year  shore theres one about some place a
dafuq how is this on trending?
Forgot to add galium LUL\n(I know its old)
not many wanna carve i see in the pole...
Mine will read, Trump 2020
As usual, I underestimated how long the podcast would take to upload, but it's already available at www.showmakers.fm, and will be on the youtube channel soon.\n\nPlease check out Brilliant too, it's a fantastic site and fits my channel perfectly: http://bit.ly/2xDcRNe
Portable railgun, https://youtu.be/FILJznSr6fs
When created, RODS FROM GOD.
Do a video on the BFR SpaceX
Sellout Mr. Theeta?
Nice one - what you built here is just great
I'm a simple man; I see railgun, I hit like.
might as well just further improve long range laser beam thing thingy turret thing
Most likely wouldn’t be heard in the comment section but this is how I would solve for the rods constantly destroying itself.\n\nConductive oil/lubricant. Or even lubricant or oils.
Ey mate I like that you introduce all this cool science stuff and even give US a Chance to try it out. Almost majes me feel Bad that im such SMA dumbo
https://goo.gl/rM7CTt
Does not seem like rail guns are the solution to much of anything. Rail guns require an impressive power source, whereas chemicals are so much more simpler. In fact the good solution seems to be liquid propellant. Also you get such diminishing returns in high velocity because air resistance goes up so fast relative to velocity.
why do u need this when i could just flick a coin up and make a finger gun
This gun is the armor killer
This technology was already used in Final Fantasy 8. Esthar  scientists shot Squall and Rinoa into space to Lunar Station.
Your voice reminds me of someone from FNV: Honest Hearts, Follows-Chalk I think
cowardice america needs desperate hype advertising-we need minimum of 50 allies or no war =cowards and hype to cloak lackey truth
us ships will crash into each other as always...not a prob\n\nor on island\n\nor on pelicans\n\non basically everything
REGION LOCK THIS FOR KOREA!!!!
Is It just a metal stick or does It have any gunpowder in It?
One EMP blast and its useless
The second biggest boondoggle after the F-35\nLiterally the heat is melting the rails...limiting the rail gun to a few shots before it breaks...LOL
Isn't easier to make stronger bullts
What about a tungsten coating or alloy to offset the thermal problem, or even using a liquid nitrogen cooling system?
Real talk for a sec, without even watching the video i can tell its bullshit because the actual most powerful gun is secret.
Could something like this be applied to a rifle design?
Late to the party. China has bigger better faster guns then US. Which explains why American just floated around SE chinasea and now just talk w NK. Lol they are laughing like the rest of the world. Funny how Americans just talk and no more walk.
Going to the last part of the video (the advert)\nAh yes- something that is missing in pretty much all schools:\nIf you made a mistake- be told why it's wrong.
I want to learn more about engineering. I don’t know nearly enough.
1:13 the explosion is from an underwater nuclear test (1946)
CLICKBAIT
soon: solar powered renewable warfare
Narrated by Tom Branson.
the LaWS is wayyyy coooler
BAE Systems 😩👌
okke
Fuck this
Dilbert would be proud
False: Chuck Norris is most powerful gun
who the hell needs universal healthcare anyways?
Shoot Someone with it
Yes, I understand some of these words
Forget railguns. we already have the technology to finish operation: Star Wars
I have a rail gun on gta 5
Whether you love the US or hate the US we are the best chance Ally countries have at surviving war regardless of how crappy our leadership is at the moment. I'm so glad I live in the USA! Very interesting video btw!
Make it like the mini gun roataing barrles. In masseffect there guns use two barrles to help cool the gun before it overheated. So make our rail gun like a mini gun.
Most powerful pfft my farts is the clear winner
Neat
Okay but when will we be running around in Power Armour carrying a small one of these at our waists and ripping through aliens and shit like in Halo
BAE systems is not from usa DUH
0:26 ACCUREH
1:27 why did you use Angola as target example, that's very rude and offensive
Great Irish channel!
Make a video about Gas propulsion Engine
Nice video.\nInteresting how you showed bombarding Angola during the range comparison
A railgun? Now all you need is a Metal Gear to carry it.
Effectively a rail gun is the Justice League Space Station that orbits earth. Using the Stations mega gun requires the entire stations energy, and once fired, shuts down the station of all electric power for the next hour. It only retains orbit via emergency backup generators. Wow.
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?ePrqp1rBRVVSFkc7vkLV0rI=6eCpAELE7fVM7p11mxvS9y2U9pSl
*generic comment about the US military that makes me an expert
video on hypersonic rockets?
Subscribe to my channel CJ Collins
Trump is America's most powerful gun, because he destroys anything he gets near!
At least it's not 1.21 gigawatts.
No better catalyst for technological advances than war
I need this for protection
Knew it was a rail gun I'm so dumb
Yes..... The perfect thing to wipe out humanity from the face of the earth.
I think all guns bombs and weapons *not knifes* should be thrown away crushed and then thrown into the ocean for a long away generation to find then blow up the planet and not us :) im **copyright cannot show** and i think the government are stupid in some ways
Their most powerful weapon is not confront strong countries. Only peasants in Afghanistan and Vietnam.
The US military's most powerful gun... built and designed by the British.
5:28 We'll also need them for the covenant.
now do Germany
Lets make a mini dearh star!!
lul 666 views
Leave Angola alone!
2:45 fuck that screen
Was that a nuke 1:17
You said the current rail only lasts a few shots, that is incorrect.  It lasts hundreds of shots but it is short of the qualitative requirement for 1000 shots.
A rail gun?? What’s next a metal gear
I'm sure it can be built in less than 50 years.
The U.S. militaries technology is at least 20 years ahead of a US regular folks technology. Of course THEY want THEM to believe this is the best THEY have.
Add 0.1th of a gram of antimatter on the tip of a round and you can practically destroy a tank or a house with one shot from a handgun.
Why, when on restricted mode, can't I view this video? It's more about math and magnetism than war, and destruction.  Come on youtube!  Keep working on these, Real Engineering! Your videos are awesome!
Similar to the MAC cannon from halo
Except there are treaties about the militarization of space, as in you can't, and railguns wouldn't be allowed most likely
25 megawatts of power. 25 megawatts, 25 megawatts. \nOh boy Einstein....
Be care full not to explain it to deeply otherwise your enemy will use it against you
So...the man-portable railgun from MGS4 is probably not practical in the slightest, then
Considering there's talk about an asteroid the size of a country has a chance to hit us, having a giant railgun in space isn't a bad idea
I used to live like 50 steps from the military base that they shot this video at dalgren naval base in Virginia
Say don’t rail guns also work in space because no explosion is necessary?
Imagine this going through your body *ROBLOX OOF*
I would consider the atomic Annie to be the most powerful gun to be honest.
Can you do an episode about different was to extract oil/gas from the ground? Feel like you would like learning about it, if you don't know much already
Anyone else notice the Canadian flag at 0:51
Wouldn't the acceleration at the moment of the shot destroy a satellite that was to be sent to orbit by it?
A Certain Scientific Railgun. Always comes to my mind whenever I hear, or think of Railguns.
2:25 wrong way around, the current should be flipped. Fleming left hand rule. This isnt a generator.
What is the effect of a massive EMP on one of these railguns?
Good job! Should have talked(more) about its vulnerability from heat seeking missiles and counter-measures taken, too.
To clarify, just because you can find an image on Google doesn't mean it's legal. This law is very loosly enforced but still is a law.
My I pad crashed at the point where he said wait is that illegal too? Is this normal?
Didn't Logan Paul VLOG it at night?
Tommorowland had the eiffel tower at night
Legally? Okay. But I'll lose faith in humanity if that of ever enforced. Eiffel Tower looks just drop dead gorgeous at night.
Really?? I didn't fucking know that
I just came here because of Junmyeon
In a hundred years or so when the planet is completely exhausted from its resources the people in that time are going to say well hey. At least we raised stock prices for a while. The same applies to copyright laws
Selling photos of the Eiffel Tower at night for 10 dollars call me at 911
I searched Eiffel Tower and google showed in google ratings Eiffel Tower at night😂
the person who at 2:46 minutes must be a programmer
I've been to France and there were thousands of people taking pictures of the Eiffel Tower at night
So if I posted a video that had a building with a logo on it then I could go to jail? What about if I post a picture of food I'm eating and it has a logo like a starbucks cup????
Does this mean Smurfs 2 is illegal?
So this is some B.S. glad to be american... Fuck france...
Im copyrighting the grass, if you fucking look at it again we'll break your fucking legs, do you know what happened to the last guy that looked at the grass?
The biggest risk you run is a claim against you in France.  Worst case scenario.... Just don't go back.
I'll still take a damn picture fuck this
I don't understand, the lights are always there, just you can only see them at night? Does that mean somebody can't go and take a picture of one of the individual lights on the tower during the day?
Sounds like if every possible copyright law was enforced then there would be no youtube, lest the producers paid royalties, or the video specifically only showed the total productions of the producer as an individual... glad copyright only comes up for cases where a producer is claiming something as there own or when displaying a postion or entirety of a work without consent.
Please don't use SquareSpace. You should totally use SquareSpace.
wow, humans just love to bullshit each other don't they?
OMG, we should have nuked Europe in WW2.
what about the reproduction of the statue of liberty in vegas?
God's law of love works no ill to your neighbour will be broken with mans laws. People need to keep God's laws now to enjoy God's kingdom. All that is, is vanity.
This law is like the law in the US where you can't litter, but yet they do. Just like in France, you can't take pictures in night, but yet they do it. That's why you can find them in google.
dam frogs really love to make laws that don't make scene
What if I zoom in at a part of the Eiffel Tower where the lights are absent? Is that illegal?
The thumb nail is illegal
there's gotta be a dark web site where you can find illegal stock photos
Oh my god that's fucking retarded.
Unenforced copyright on the lighting. Thumbs up to save future viewers 4 minutes of their lives.
wow this was just a video so you could advertise square space. I like that
Oh what the fucking hell..
0:35 my next-door neighbor is John Green's 2nd cousin. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This whole video is a squarespace advert.
So now next time I go to France, I'll just take hundreds of pics of the Tower at night. Fuck you, I won't do what you told me! lol
And if you take a photo at night with a black and white filter?
Lol i hv a fridge magnet of the eiffel tower at night with the company at the back
Now everyone is gonna go look up the Eiffel Tower at night...
Lol are they scared someone's gonna copy it?
This is why I’m American
What's  next?\n\n\n\n\n\n\nU can't eat courassan in the afternoon.
When the Eiffel tower was red white and blue it was nothing but pictures at night
The lights are technically visible during the day as well, they don't have to be turned on to be visible, so any commercial use (day or night) of the tower would be illegal.
I swear we humans come up with the weirdest shit
What the jiminy crickets did you just flaming say about me, you little bozo? I'll have you know I graduates top of my class in the Cub Scouts, and I've been involved in numerous secret camping trips in Wyoming, and I have 300 confirmed knots. I am trained in first aid and I'm the top bandager in the entire US Boy Scouts (of America). You are nothing to me but just another friendly face. I will clean your wounds for you with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this annual trip, mark my works. You think you can get away with saying those shenanigans to me over the Internet? Think again, finkle. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of MSN friends across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the seminars, man. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your bake sale. You're frigging done, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can tie knots in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in road safety, but I have access to the entire manual of the United States Boy Scouts  (of America) and I will use it to its full extent to train your miserable butt on the facts of the continents, you little schmuck. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your silly tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goshdarned sillyhead. I will throw leaves all over you and you will dance in them. You're friggin done, kiddo\n-The Animator
Learn about fair use. a photo is completely different purpose than building design.
What Its totally legal to Take pictures of the little mormyde in Copenhagen 3:35Sorry for my bad englis
So the lights are considered a work of art? That's just some silly shit. So you can slap stuff on top of older art and somehow now it's a  new work? Lot's of outlaws out there, here's a cool time lapse video that shows the Eiffel tower at night: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvW35v0_iEw it appears at 3:31
What about a bridge Eiffel made in Portugal?
*Sigh* This is why France will always be sixth in the world.
You can't take pictures in day light  it's surrounded by Immigrants
So how come I've seen the Eiffel Tower at night on tv programmes and films?
I live in Pakistan. Walt Disney died at December 15, 1966. 50 years later, in 2016, at December 15, all the classic Disney cartoons are public domain in Pakistan.
Islam is a cancer
This video is possible by YouTube
good vid shame about the crappy sponsor add
Wait, what?! That's incredibly stupid. If I build a building in a city, I should expect people to see it, and if it looks cool, I should expect them to photograph it. They should be allowed to because I shared it with the world.
Never knew this, thanks a lot for the video! I have a question however, how come the works in Copenhagen and Rome are also illegal to use? Aren't they also classified as artistic works and legal to use under the Freedom of Panorama? I understand that France is an exception, but are Denmark and Italy also an exception then?
That's a huge amount of bullshit
Who the fuck wants to go take a picture of that shite anyway.... care bears!
That was the best transition into a squarespace sponsor i've ever seen.
Elon musk is going to send humans to Mars while we still have such absolutely retarded rules?!\n\ni guess not all humans evolved the same.\nand boy i sure hope we don't meet any intelligent life soon\nwe will become the laughing stock of the galaxy
0:17: YOU LIAR! - I saw a couple of pictures of the tower at night
I'm going to copyright my own image and walk around France so I can sue everyone operating surveillance cameras which capture me passing by. I'll argue that any third party company providing security is technically doing so for commercial reasons, because they're being hired and getting paid.
Copyright is such an asshole.
And people complain about oppression in America 😂
I have seen way too many video of Eiffel Tower at night with lights on. It was posted on YouTube and for commercial use. Your video was up here to promote square space which is horrible place to build website.
So, it is only illegal to photograph or record the Eiffel Tower at night if used for commercial purposes. Therefore, if I were to take a photo for private use and memories, it wouldn’t be illegal?
You are definitely exaggerating this, guides even tell you that you can take pictures when you want.
Capitalism has gone too far
STFU
Stupid video
arggg, great headline.  channel renoved.
French copy right law can suck my asss
This is fucking stupid 😂
**cough** webdriver torso **cough**
Wtf is this real?
this is stupid
whos here cuz of chris chann
Rush hour 3
Explain rush hour
Anarchy shall prevail! Imma go take pictures of dat shit
boring video
44k likes\n\n4k dislikes\n\n\n\n\nonly 40 likes moar than dislikes
Wait...so Logan Paul did something illegal😂😂
Wtf bro
Well explained
Yeah,like someone cares
nani the fuck
oops
DONT BE FOOLED BE ILLEGAL
Best sponsor introduction since Tiege Hanley
Fuck the french
A pointless video
Cool. I have an illegal poster hanging in my fucking room. _kms._
I bet you $999999999\n\n\n\nthat you searched a picture of the Eiffel Tower at night
I hate copyright
Yeah that sounds pretty stupid
There's hope, to good music....!!!
Break me down and build me upreal fans would have heard this lines before also
If only I have money to buy his new album
what an absolute gun song! Hell Yeah! Whatever it takes, cause I love adrenaline in my veins!
the album evolve I so cool
Who is here from Suits :D
I was gonna listen to 'Whatever it takes' by Hollywood Undead, but then I found this masterpiece, so thanks for making my morning better
Imagine dragons is on 🔥 baby 😍
Beginning of the song: Ughh, I kinda dont like this song\nMiddle of the song: can i take back what i just said ?
Imagine Dragons is my favorite band! <3
Can I be a true fans if I've loved them for 6 years and is still my fav band?😍💜
I just want to give my shout outs to you Imagine Dragons!!  How did you get to the idea of the OVERLOOK HOTEL?\nAnyways you guys are great!! Keep up your great great work!! ✯✯✯✯✯ LUV your Muzik!
imagine dragons you are awesome I went to your concret it was awesome
Good song ... Bad video, that's what happens when you got to much money but no creativity
The Strokes You Only Live Once, anyone?
Im yalls biggest fan my favrite song is one of yalls its called monster its the best and I love yalls believer
I do what it takes
Falling too fast to prepare for this\nTripping in the world could be dangerous\nEverybody circling, it's vulturous\nNegative, nepotist\n\nEverybody waiting for the fall of man\nEverybody praying for the end of times\nEverybody hoping they could be the one\nI was born to run, I was born for this\n\nWhip, whip\nRun me like a racehorse\nPull me like a ripcord\nBreak me down and build me up\nI wanna be the slip, slip\nWord upon your lip, lip\nLetter that you rip, rip\nBreak me down and build me up\n\nWhatever it takes\n'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do whatever it takes\n'Cause I love how it feels when I break the chains\nWhatever it takes\nYou take me to the top I'm ready for\nWhatever it takes\n'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do what it takes\n\nAlways had a fear of being typical\nLooking at my body feeling miserable\nAlways hanging on to the visual\nI wanna be invisible\n\nLooking at my years like a martyrdom\nEverybody needs to be a part of 'em\nNever be enough, I'm the prodigal son\nI was born to run, I was born for this\n\nWhip, whip\nRun me like a racehorse\nPull me like a ripcord\nBreak me down and build me up\nI wanna be the slip, slip\nWord upon your lip, lip\nLetter that you rip, rip\nBreak me down and build me up\n\nWhatever it takes\n'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do whatever it takes\n'Cause I love how it feels when I break the chains\nWhatever it takes\nYou take me to the top, I'm ready for\nWhatever it takes\n'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do what it takes\n\nHypocritical, egotistical\nDon't wanna be the parenthetical, hypothetical\nWorking onto something that I'm proud of, out of the box\nAn epoxy to the world and the vision we've lost\nI'm an apostrophe\nI'm just a symbol to remind you that there's more to see\nI'm just a product of the system, a catastrophe\nAnd yet a masterpiece, and yet I'm half-diseased\nAnd when I am deceased\nAt least I go down to the grave and die happily\nLeave the body of my soul to be a part of me\nI do what it takes\n\nWhatever it takes\n'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do whatever it takes\n'Cause I love how it feels when I break the chains\nWhatever it takes\nYou take me to the top, I'm ready for\nWhatever it takes\n'Cause I love the adrenaline in my veins\nI do what it takes
I have tried to sing this song and then I bit my tongue T_T
Are you guys gonna upload the making of this video video?
I don't care what the damn weatherman says, we're filming this video, come hell or high water!
Nostalgia took me to Linkin Park's In the End.. 💕
good music to put to my sons football highlights
these guys are simply insane....luv them
amazing song,, i love it, imagine dragon fire,,
6 days this has been out and it hit 10mil views and more then 20k comments like HOLY CRAP
I didn't even have to think twice about listening to it.  I just knew out was going to be awesome and I wasn't disappointed.
I love u a lot
Props to the video editors. Such a clean masterpiece. Can't stop watching!
I can’t stop listening to this! 👏
Once the Music Video for Walking the Wire drops, Ima make a theory for the Evole album (I wanted to theorize Mania from Fall Out Boy, but the fourth video hasn't cane out, plus Champion usn't at all related to the other two)
dudes imagine dragons is LIT THIS YEAR! I mean after believer, thunder, whatever it takes, and now even walking the wire, there is no doubt they will get on billboard's hot 100 chart. Dan Reynolds and the rest of imagine dragons really stepped up their game. KEEP FIGHTING!!! WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Whatever it takes is from hollywood undead what the hell did they steal DAT name from hollywood undead XD
Yes burn that house down
I just stumbled upon this song but I’m so glad I did, another great song from one of my favorite bands
This is such an amazing song it’s my favourite this year
I love this group !!!!!
The new Feeder or the British Linkin Park hopefully keep up the bangers
I Do What ever it takes to watch this video
how did they not get electrocuted
The house caught fire from their fire music🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Its so originally :)   I love DRAGONS ))
Can't stop listening to this....send help....
The room filling up with water reminds me of the story of the Titanic musicians
I thought the thumbnail was the it trailer XD anyone else?
10 mil views in one minute
When imagine dragons upload a new song : \nFirst look: not bad.. not bad\nAfter a few days: that's a cool song \nAfter a week: WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!
One of my favorite band besides Linkin Park. 💟❤👌
Will take this song to 4 billion club, whatever it takes!!!!
Damn man...... Can you feel the video.
I thought it was thematic like Avatar (Earth, Water & Fire)
My life sucks, my boss at my job doesn't pay me, I cant get my drivers license, my co-worker hates me, my best friend is mentally retarded, and even my pet hates me, but the worse part is\n\nI live in a pineapple
I love this song!!!
I'll cry if I had to choose between LDR, Lorde, Imagine Dragons, and Halsey for the best alternative this year. \nI bawp to all these act this year. \n😢
When your son tries to make cookies but burns the house down (I didnt do it!)
Крутая песня и да кто русский
Imagine dragons favorite word is Veins
عربي واحب imagne dragon
The strokes vibe
I am.burniing .Omg.
im here😛
Imagine Dragons are killing.
Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes . yes.yes.yes.yes.ye
subcribe
AMAZING💕
i love imagine dragons
YESSSS OFFEESHAL VIDEO
Que musica foda
Temaso
my lovely people !!!
OMG
Its soooo much Better
Still haven't listened to evolve
Love this song
rich piana tribute?
Best Band ever!!!!
3:03\nThose guys better get some Iced Teas
Beautiful song...!
Dayum
Love imagine dragons❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
couse i love
Desde cuándo Eminen canta pop!? :v
Imagine Dragons 😍😍
Uggh babeses looking goud 😻
Anyone wanna fuck?
Amazing!
Awesome
👍👍👍👍👍👍☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️
poli
|-/
Seriously why are they sinking?
10mln
Mira esa copia de You only live once papá :v
I love you
Wow!!! Best
I wanna be invisible 💗
imagine dragons😍😘💕whatever it takes
Temasoo!!!
Like si hablas español :P
OMG 😮😮😮😮😮
I love the cabinet and the way you've organised it. 😍
It’s not the table. I think it’s the picture above it. You should leave the table and replace the picture with something smaller.
Boy cats who wee a lot in the wrong place even though they're fixed might have kidney stones.  It happens a lot to fixed males and he could be trying to tell you something
Also could you do an updated video all about your scrap booking?
I've lived in Brighton my whole life and hardly ever go to the beach 😫 need to start!
Did she say she was chubs? Omg... if she's chubby I can't imagine what the rest of us must be.
Omg that carrot cutter is GENIUS
Oh my I cried with you :'(
Whenever I cry when I’m being over emotional my mum and brother always laugh at me 😂
can you do a scrapbooking vid🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
9:00 what is that song?
Hey gab you think you can help me out with a lil shout out for my channel to get started?
Gabby has such a beautiful smile. Seeing her happy makes me smile xx
The company that did those cute pages from your old agenda is called shopban.do ! They also have a ton of other cute things, including prints!
where are your scrap books from again gabs? x
a vlog good,,Greetings of friendship
I LOVE THIS VLOG! You're both so stunning x x x
What was the name of the star print seller? :)
anyone know where her denim jacket is from?
That cabinet is stunning! \n\nAlso, I couldn't be more jealous of all of your Benefit make up! What a dream. Can I have some please 🤗?
Just binge watched so many of your vlogs to catch up and it put me in the best mood ever!
Love the cabinet and love you girls! 😊❤❤
omgsh I need to try porefessional ..maybe when I have the money .. do you like it?
I’m so glad you had a great day!!! Yay.!! You deserve it. ❤️
The print from the day she started her youtube channel is from https://www.bookishly.co.uk shes accidentally forgotten to leave in the description 💖
YouTube trending really likes you, doesn't it?
Gabs vlogs just put me in such a good mood 💓
does anyone know where gab's denim jackets from? its gorgousssss😍
You look gorgeous in this ❤️ black suits you so much
The gold stand it too small in that part of the room you should put two plants either side
I got my boyfriend one of those prints for his birthday, except it was the sky on our first date 💕
where's your black denim jacket from? absolutely adore it!! 💞
My form last year was 9LS 😂
whats the link to the company that sent you the picture of sheffields sky??
Awwww! Gabby bless ya,I get sad days like that too 😢 days when you don't want to be sad/upset and days where you don't even know why your sad/upset you just are
Gabs I literally had one of those sad crying moods on my birthday. Honestly the worst day of my lifeee lol xxx
Does anyone remember the film Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen?\nI don't know why but the dance mat clip reminded me of the dance mat scene in that movie 😂
no, you ARE the cutest thing xx
Omg I was crying when you put the slightly blurred picture of you on the screen it was so funny  😂  Love you sm xox
7.40 is me and my mum 😔💗 smile beautiful💗
With what app do you make your thumbnails with? 💗
Lucy's hair is goals af
gaby the way u say 'bean has weed on my asOS ORDER' has my Crying omg its so funnyyy
I'm literally crying with you gab 😂 ❤️
Youve come such a long way, ive been watching you since you started, im so proud of everything youve achieved with your anxiety& getting through all the opperations youve had on your body. I love you so much youre such an inspiration❤️❤️❤️
Love your hair colour, really want to dye my hair darker now. What hair color did you use? X
Oh and where did you meet eachother? Through youtube or what???
The gold cabinet with that green in the art print... 👌🏼
All tucked up on the couch watching this. I cried with you. I loved your makeup in this video  too. Shame about the cabinet. .
noo gabby needs to paint the frame of her banana lead print gold !! itll tie it all together
This video has really cheered me up after I’ve been heartbroken by this boy I loved and I feel like crap and this brightened my day having a gabby vlogs marathon cus they’re my fave, I love watching you snapchat story and seeing Nellie and bean and it makes me want a kitten again. Love you gabby thank you for cheering me up xxxxx
I once wrote out all the lyrics to cotton eye joe and learnt the ‘just dance’ wii routine xx
The humour in this, omg xDDDDDDDDDDDD that last bit. I love you, hahahaha x
I feel like I've been waiting for your cabinet to come forever!!!!
Could you sell your old phone? ngl kinda want it!! ha ha love you! xxxxx
The views in this vlog are straight out of a film. I loved it.
Awwww it's so cute how u cried to ur mum ❤️❤️
8:15, you looked stunning! I did a lil double take cause id just had it on in the background!x
Cats like plastic because it has a smell to them that’s like cat pheromones. I know a boy cat called Snickers that CANNOT be trusted around plastic packaging.
Hey Gabriella, I usually don't comment, but I watch your videos all the time... I thought that if you turn your leaf print to portrait instead landscape it might look better with a smaller cabinet. xx
you're both so cute can i pls join your squad
Gabby your literally me when I am pms crying to my friends on FaceTime and them laughing at me, usually I cry about wanting pizza 😂😂
honestly, your videos literally make my day i love watching them so much<333
Gabi I’d love to know if bean is gonna stay with you or live at your mums ❤️
I don't know why I'm crying - legit me last week outside of college before my period on the phone to my mum.
Something about your vlogs are so addictive!
Loved it i am glad youre vlogging more!:) \nAnd i love the 2 of you together;)!  Xxx
Did you castrate the cat? It should stop the peeing.
You look so damn good in this vlog!! I don't know if it's your hair or your skin looking paler but you look really really good 😍
Your the first person who I’ve heard that is exactly like me! Literally the week before my period I can never get full! And I crave everything! Of course not healthy stuff lol
You know things get serious when you put your hair up in a bun
Argh Gabz I have jaw ache from smiling such a nice vlog....nice to see you smiling xx 😘
I litrally can't explain how happy I make me I love ya loads and keep up with the amazing videos!! As your are amazing nd can I be on your Snapchat?❣️❣️❣️
You are so cute in this video 😘 love you! Lucie seems so Nice! ☀️✨
Snow is dead
That cabinet 😍
gabriella <3
oohh I loved Britannia High!
aww when gabs started crying so did i😭😭
awwwww <3
Anyone know where gabbies denim jacket is from?
awesome ^^^^^^^^
Handwriting goals
Love this vlog Gab, love you loads! Xx
Aw gabbie! Don’t make me cry! 💓
Gab I get drunk off 4 Koppabergs....oops... 😂😂
lol it says ripping!
Cabinet looks so beautiful.
love your videos Gabby
gabby sheds one tear and as soon as you know it your practically swimming in the atlantic. god I love this woman
Are the walls in Gabriella's living room purple or grey? 🙈
I need the link for the print!!!! OMG I need that in my life right now!!!
What the heck is with the carrot scissors!? That's ingenious 😍 so much easier than them pinging off the chopping board. Wow. Need that haha
Whats the name of the website that the print is from of the sky above sheffield??
U should put like small tables on either side of the cabinet to fill the space up. Just an idea.😉😄
I normally get really upset when people cry, but cause she said it's PMS I couldn't stop laughing bc same 😂
Don’t usually bother commenting on videos but this is my favourite vlog this year! ❤️
Those adverts are really annoying.
Non
I hope you enjoy the video, if you did! Be sure to Subscribe to see more :)
your grandad is a joy to watch haha
Bent him over the machine and gave him the finger treatment cause he were paralysed and crying I honestly lost my shit 😂😂😂
Tom, your grandad got it the wrong way around.  If the royal standard (the flag that was above Buckingham palace in your vlog) is flown, the queen is in residence.  If the Union Jack is flown, the queen is NOT in residence.
Your grandad is Amazing! We Love GORDON! ❤️
So you live 2 mins down my road, get the train 30 seconds away from my work and I still haven't seen you irl for years... fml...
You are very patronising to your grandad
*Britishness intensifies*
I was in absolute hysterics from the phone call at the end. GORDON FOR PRIME MINISTER!
Gordon is a LEGEND!!!!
Had the time of his life :D
*Before watching this video.*\nAw hes so cute, so awesome. Keep it up Gordon!\n\n*After*\nYoo Gordon a savage! Bashing heads, finger treatment!
gordon is so adoreable! i love this vlog
Ok one thing I wonder what side of the family is Gordon from Toms Mothers side or his dads. He has Tom's mums smile but he looks like his dad as well.
Your grandad is so cute😩
Im suprised he hasnt punched you
You look a lot like your grandpa
You should go on a helicopter ride and fly over London, it is the best experience ever.
Dude you have the coolest Grandad! Plz make more videos like this!!!!
How can none of them know the national anthem. That's ridiculous.
@ronanmcmahon740
@___b.en__
Instagram owen_169
That guard defiantly watches the vlogs Hahahaha his grandad love loves to moan and Carl pissing his sides at the end was brilliant
Man like Gordon😂.. what a savage Legend!! ❤️😎
I went on the hms belfast on a field trip when i used to go to school in england. I didnt remember seeing all them statues of people there tho
Best grandad in the world!
What is the restaurant called?
@wus_hannin69
@mk10gamerzac
@itsbaileyxx87
Gave him the finge treatment 😂😂😂😂
@ashley_rochester_16
@thomas.proudfoot14
@kyleevans2003
@synaster6ixx
@redswifts
@connor_mckenzie136
@stavyyg
@ethan_wrtz
@k.ruth95
Tamzin._.thompson
@_tombarkley_
@lukequaintance
Instagram: nathan.caddell
@annamae1790
The flag that was flying means that she is in. They fly the British standard if she isn’t in . Mainly she lives in Windsor palace
That ending just scared the bejesus out of me
Legit saw a ghost on the HMS when I was there a few months ago
£2.50!! for a cone? jesus
I have subscribed to your instagram and I am @aideen1970
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this ♡ Day 196!
That controller looks beautiful! @inhale_hitler_69
ITS A KILT.
@yad_salih4
@_tsanchez_
@happyclaw
@ethan.garvin6
Craignathan
Tom this vid is in the trending section on YouTube wow
@nick_green
Aaayyy 23 on trending good job Tom
DANISH HYPE
@rodria040526
Gordon is the best!!!
6 ads 40 minutes
Oh you mean this carl😂😂 I laugh so hard😂
Hate to say it but Gordon is wrong! When the Union Flag 🇬🇧flys above the palace the queen is NOT home, when the Royal Standard flys  above the palace like in the video it shows the Queen is home
Tom, you should go to the Kazakhstan embacy and do your Borat impression
From cod to long lost families
Man like Tom on trending and all that.
The queen is in when the royal standard is flying like the one in the vlog, not the Union Jack
Tom you should take your granddad to la with you
Amazing adventure Gordon continues to be bloody hilarious
Tom in March 2018 I'm going on that warship for a ska festival
You had it right Tom, Big Ben won't chime for 4 years.
don't mess with Gordon or he will smash your face in.
I got 11 bloody ads 😂
So this video has barley 200k views and is in the trending section and has 8 ads in it... okay...\n\nThis guy also conned his fans.
▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ █ \n░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░░░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▄▄▀ ▀ \n▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▄
Your Grandad needs his own Insta!! Who cares about people's cats and dogs, I wanna see a page about Gordon!❤
I think you’ll find the queen and royal family bring in money too Tom. Lots and gives our country a identity and shows our tradition and history.
#10 on trending tom
That is exactly what is wrong with these kids nowadays.. look there is drake. Who drake the rapper?.. no.. Drake who saved us from the  armada. Even when you google drake its the rapper ffs.. wild.
And this is the place where I killed many police officers and royal guards in Assassins creed syndicate
who would id rather be sponge bob or mr t
The flag above the palace was the Royal Standard meaning the Queen was in residence. The union Jack is flown when she is not.
We havent left the European Union
Your grandad is the cutest!!! 😂😊
I didn't know Tom knew boulevard of broken dreams
Did tom just say why do we need a Queen... Does he not realise that all changes to the UK and all changes to the law in the UK she has to approve or disapprove even if the UK Prime Minister wants it or not. The queen out votes them all
That ending tho! 😂
I HAVE THAT BATMAN V SUPERMAN POSTER\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI feel so happy that I have something in common with tom (apart that we are both from Manchester)
Your right tom about the pendolino or technically class 390 its max speed is 140mph but only goes 125mph
I FOUND AARON RAMSEY!!
Your granddad is so freaking adorable!!
Some of Russia is in Europe some of its in aisa it's weird
Russia is in Asia bro...
Why is this guy so unlikable?? His mug on the thumbnail and his voice fnbA b
good vlog! but 40min is waaaay to long :/
Vanilla Ice drop harder lyrics than this establishment sucka. Feeling that backlash now ain't ya son?
Eminem looks cool with a beard
The English word for trump means fart, so here you have it Donald fart wet fart.
Y the hell would anyone want our President to fail? All these dumb celebrities have lost my respect.
WTF!! he looks so different now he hasn`t aged to well lol.
Peckers or packers? Cause you a cracker, you white pecker!
I find it absolutely amazing how people are saying he's lost touch with his fans. You couldn't really be his fans if you're racist conservatives. Ever listen to Mosh? It's crazy, 100 years later and half of America have forgotten why they fought in WW2 and have started back peddling to ole Jim Crow days. 👍🏼 well done.
Eminem your poor thing. I hope you are feeling better.
eminem is old af now
Can't he blast a new album?😢
I lost all respect for mm being a sale out. looks like he's paid off . Trump did introduce slim years ago now he turns around and disses the man in office who actually cares for its people. guess he's to rich like Rosie . \nre jump start your fame originally like how you got famous. I was a huge fan from your first major album slim shady up until this day 10/18/2017 when I heard this B's that's not like you at all
Aww someone is trying to stay relevant
Did he fall down and hurt himself again. Sounds like this guys brain is fried. I was his fan until he told all his fans to go fuk off in this video. He’s so week and used like a dirty used condemn. Nobody even respects him or his flip flopping gay fudge packing sorry wack a$$ rhymes. He sucks now. Probably from now on too. Everyone knows Eminem is a total sellout..
I wonder how much Hilary paid him to make this.
Everybody that's woke has been waiting for this! Americans are turning against their government. Americans know there is more of us than them. ✊🏼 I'm absolutely loving this and happy to be apart of this generation.
Awww… I got a middle finger from Marshall
Hi everyone, I made a remix by adding these Eminem's words on a music on my yt channel
Obama accumulated over 10 trillion it Debt . More than  every orther president combined. Not trump. Ask hilary. + your freestyle sucked and you planned it. You suck
this is poetry slam..
Am in the only one who thinks this was vastly overrated and down right cringe?
He looks old damn!  Just like the NFL you take the bait.  I listen to music escape political bullshit not to hear this.  I used to like you but what ever! Freedom of speech as they say! Social media is what's wrong with this world.
Man, just sing..ok? No talks about politics hohoh
OMG.\nI love this.\nI really understand this most Hip Hop I'm slow to understand.\nThank you.\nContinue speaking against injustice.
NOW WHY ISN'T THE PRESIDENT CALLING FOR THE ARREST OF MARSHALL MATHERS?
I'm not a trump supporter. And I agree with everything he said here. But this freestyle was one of Eminem's worst. It wasn't that good.
Well if he does build it i hope it’s reinforced with bricks\n\nRacism is the only thing he’s fantastic 4, and he’s orange. \n\nThis was so shit i find it hilarious people are trying to praise him for it when hes clearly fallen off with his freestyle skills...
Subscribe to me and I will sub back just reply I subed <3
he's beginning to feel like a crap god, crap god
Come on!! WE NEED SLIM SHADY!!! PLEASE slim!! Come back!
Hopefully he’s able to reach some of his fans who support trump, the man has a platform and is using it.
not to mention when he says calm before the storm what in the hell...  em new he had the balls for anything and everything he didnt need to announce anything\n anyone thats a true em lover knows this fact.
wow its still relevant I am gonna keep making more spoof videos on it people are still posting like seconds ago
Omg that so does not look like him who is that???
Lol at all the white racist Trump fans mad at Eminem.
You're not black
0:47 wtf he gets lights in his eyes 🤣😂😂
Everyone who's saying it sounds like shit wasn't really listening to what he said. Disregarding his words because it didn't sound good without a beat. You people got your priorities all fucked up.
lol butthurt Trump supporters in the comment, 99% of their excuse is ''Eminem suck now'' awww did you used to be a fan? Like he said, he will do a line between you and him, not his fault if you support a dumbass
To those Trump dickriders saying omg eminem is such an idiot rip eminem hes stupid .. Just try to get as half famous and rich and successful as he is then your opinion MIGHT matter a bit. But for now, keep being toxic, thats all y all good for. :)
This is the one rap battle Eminem lost. And Donald Trump (God bless him) didn't say one thing!
dumb Americans Y'all stupid af... y'all lack common sense!\nstop kissing this white boy's ass and watch this video\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2txFGCn7hs
Damn never thought it'd happen...but the damage of drugs caught up to Em
The pot calling the kettle black. It only takes listening to his lyrics to see that you could not be more of a hypocrite. Either drag yourself down with Trump and be honest about everything you stand or stood for, or stop repeating the same ol' crap with a different spin on it.
Thats the first time ive seen him wear a chain
damn em you must have wanted a fan energy boost or some shit , you hated politics and they hated you , now all of a sudden this ? how much and who paid you ?!?!?!
Eminem is a legend, \nJust lost a bit of his talent
Wtf is my mans illness.  Cause Colin protested and trump made a comment about them doing it..... always been a fan of em,  favorite rap artist etc etc.  But now I'm not sure yo... this shit made no sense. Almost like he just wanting black people thinking look guys,  I'm with you,  I'm rapping on behalf of you all,  look at me.  And trump never said anything bout black people,  or the black players  being spoiled rich  athletes etc etc.  And now all this gonna do is cause even more racist tension and issues that were not there before and don't need to be,  by saying what he just did And being as influential as the man is knows he has power to alot of people's to cause these shits,  dividing America. He's paid to do all this shit people,  don't you realize this man. He is a rich illuminati affiliated high up involved with agenda to rip us all part from eachother and all the ones that are saying your the Shit EM,  good job em,  ohhh he cares so much about all this shit , PLEASE wake the HELL up peoples,  for real.  Common sense,  well only common to the woken the ones still asleep will not get it and will always follow the Hurd. Funny thing is,  he called out trump to say he's be flying around till the bombing stopped,  but, I bet EVERYTHING,  that this man right here talking this shit,  would he the first one in his underground mansion underneath his upper mansion. Also waiting for everything to stop.... He aint gonna be out there in the front lines helping us or taking action on the bullshit he just spoke and if ANY OF you believe that then I truly feel bad for yous,  sincerely.  We as Americans need to stick together with all colors  and sex.  Real talk.  Trump ain't rhe problem,  it's shit like this from powerful peoples getting us lower funded Americans rowd up angry ready to fight everyone,  going against our  leader no matter what we think bout him.  Ain't am easy job by any means PERIOD.  And fir anyone that's a believer of our Lord and savior which I hope everyone reading this stuff,  thw bible specifically says that we are to respect and follow our leader because they are out leader.somewhere on the lines of that but it most defInitely says were supposed to respect our leader as in our President .  What this man just did or is doing I should say is teaching the young people that look up to him unfortunately and the older fols such as myself all to go.against the bible and fall into the big agenda,  depopulation,  dumbing down and bring upon us our own destruction  . Understand yes this does sound a little outlandish but if you do your research and study for yourselves and read, look and pay attention to every thing happening in our world today specially our own country you will see how outlandish its actuallY NOT!!! Much more id like to say friends and things i know I probably forgot but its late, I'm very tired and gonna stop before I start going off in different directions off topic etc etc.  Plus my wife is giving me that look,  ha. Time for bed .  Thanks everyone for your time and have a blessed day when your up.... take care and be safe.
lol no captions are available for this video
As a black Republican, I see nothing wrong with this rap.
Real cringeworthy. Also good job on taking the George Bush style You're with us or against us mentality. Real shows whose the rational side here.
650,000 white men gave their lives trying to abolish slavery..but every white man had ancestors that enslaved african americans..you are not as intelligent as tupac,never will be!!
eminem actually white nope. all he knows is how to feel sorry for himself. and his rhymes making up words that aren't real isn't rhyming.   its what a first grader would do.  i almost feel sorry for him.  hes totally lost and doesnt even know it.
Overrated artist 
John Doe....get a grip!!!!
Is this ememn
CRING KING 2K17
Wow. That was embarassing.
EMINEM 2020?
He lost his 'humph'
What a DOUCHE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLoylA3EnPM
https://youtu.be/WGFUOE9JCRk
Check my boy out
When is Curtain Call Coming?
Eminem died a decade ago anyways..
he always rhymin with orange
Ohhh dayumn 🔥🔥🔥🔥💪💪💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪🔥💪
#UNCENSOREMINEM 😡
Donald Chump deserve that, big brops to Eminem.
kinda cringy............ 😔😔😒
Eminem 4 life ✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽
this bet star wars
Go on Em!
DJ Cummerbund - Hey Trump!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=43&v=T2RUYYs8Hxc
Donald Trump is Like Hitler!!
Truth
Yo
He works better withs mom's spaghetti.
I bet Slim Shady have shade  10 pounds after this stupid rant.
Colin Capanigger started all this BS.
Kendrick lamar watch out😄😄😅😅😆😆
God 🙌
he is your president he deserves respect and you humiliated not only him, but also people who voted for him. I think you set this video as a model for upcoming generation to mock and abuse whoever you can.
Just because he's an idiot , doesn't mean you can censor his words
Somebody please get him his purple pills!
Once a legend always a legend
That was just embarrassing, from the best to the absolute worst choker, needs to start smoking weed again, every year more and more places are legalizing anyway.
Eminem please shave your beard it don't look good in my opinion
All You just did was separate this country even more and fueled a fire that is already lit good job you must of been that broke to come out and do this. This doesn’t unite Americans and just shows the other side of the hate. The same racism you think he shows you just did in return. I served this country for 8 years and i don’t agree by any means how this was handled. Take some notes from logic that’s how you unite a divided front. #washedup #hasbeen
Oh God. Assaults, robbery, drug use,  killing women, homosexuals, rape, incest, abortions are all on the table BUT RACISM?!?! Hey bub! That's taking it TOO far! Eminem WON'T stand for that!
He literally just threw a little temper tantrum. Jumping up and down because he can't get his way. It's pathetic. Calling out his own fans, because he thinks it means something. Dumbest stuff he's pulled yet. Rip slim shady. You died years ago, Somewhere between relapse and recovery. We used to use your music to escape politics. Now you're just another Kanye.
Upchurch just roasted your fake ass just like ICP did😂😂
boooooooy. best of 2017 🙌down
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpIsGreat
idiot!child like idiot!
Have a nice day and sub my channel new videos coming soon
Hey Eminem, let me go ahead and spit at you!\nI'm gonna tell you straight-up, dude, you're so hypocritical,\nit's pitiful!\nYou call Trump a racist, yet you call him orange again and again!\nFrom what I know, the definition of racism is making fun of one's skin.\n\nYou think you're such a tough guy? Well, when you battle, it's Hollywood: fake scenes, fake dudes, and film crews!\nTrump is fighting real enemies of America - ISIS, North Korea, and fake news!\n\nYou call Trump a Neo Nazi; are you that much of a pinhead?! I mean, put both of you in a police lineup, you're the one that looks like a skinhead!\n\nYou made your millions on the backs of young black men, infecting the minds of teens, selling them drugs, sex, and sin....\n\nNOW you suddenly care about gun violence?! I'm about to lose it!! You are such a hypocrite because YOU GLORIFY GUN VIOLENCE IN EVERY OTHER LINE OF YOUR MUSIC!!!!!!\n\nYou have a gift for rapping, so why not use it for good,\n'cause your music has probably killed as many young black kids as your homie planned parenthood!\n\nYou talk about police brutality? Dude, is it even computing,\nthat you're mad at the same cops that you and your boys rap about shooting?!\n\nYou think Trump treats women bad? Listen to what YOUR songs say about females! Bro, you are so lost that *cough, cough*..................\nit's like you're hanging around Hillary's emails.\n\nYou're mad at Trump because he's rich? You yourself rap about money, so shouldn't he be your hero?\nOh wait a minute, you rappers are just jealous because his bank account ends with a couple extra zeros! 😜\n\nYou act like you fight for civil rights? Raise your black power fist like an OG?\nLast I checked, Trump donated more money than all of you to the NAACP!\n\nSo while you used up your skill in your 40's, and your popularity and money are half-spent........\nYou can say what you want about Trump; he is still our president!
A total has been.  He'll be forgotten again by the end of next week.
Lmao all I see is butthurt Trump supporters attacking Em. Dont see a single counter argument to any of his rhymes.  Smfh.
😂😂😂😂 since when rappers know anything?
1:06 perfect timing
Russian insurance must be at a premuim
If they just learn to drive...
2:53 yo...  \n3:01 YOOOOO!!!!
I just like to use my indicators
A little extreme for trending, this sort of thing is what you go and find if your into it.
did any people died ?
that's a stupid driver and elliot moose have in comment: idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot!
I like the disintegrating cars.
rocket man hit that car like he was wire guided
they should just ban driving, there
Dear Russia your not exposed to have kids with your brother or sister cuz it sure seems like you guys do
One schmuck is leading the green and the other is trimming the red--what did you THINK was going to happen?!
The drivers may be retardet (sic), but your spelling is retarded.
Damn I would hate to live in Russia
Russia love car crash.
What idiots learn to drive
WTF😱😱😱😱
But yeah it’s true automatic cars cannot be controlled @ higher speeds when braked in emergency 🚨
Lol, I think you are the retardet person here xD
asuu lo a aplastado \n😱😱😱😨
I am just wondering from where do russians get their driving license
@5:02 they steered into the crash. So dumb
wow... the fuck is wrong with these people?
Every single one of these accidents could have been avoided.
2:28 got what he deserved BMW driver !!!
Thumbsing up just because of the intro!!!😂😂😂😂
I just finished season two of Freakish, so now I have to watch Liza’s videos to keep from screaming.
Please look at my musically @gracethefashionista i did a challenge
I got my popsockets here and I love them!! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0761NFLLV?th=1&psc=1
in 0:46 liza looks like she's crying...
Liza inspired many of us to start our own channels. I hope to be as entertaining as her some day. I don't have many subscribers but the ones I do have I appreciate. Shout out to Liza for inspiring us to chase our dreams! Love watching her!!
Me: I Love You Baby Liza\nBaby Liza: Pervert
Hey I just wanted to say I enjoy what you're doing keep it up keep doing you
https://www.drpeppertuition.com/profile/1922107824482777\n\n\n\n\nVote for me please
I’m a fetus genius
Don't kiss grover ever again
Loving seeing you on Hulu so happy for you and I am loving freakish right now ❤️❤️
idk if you'll see this but if you do, plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz do a collab with Alex Wassabi I think that you guys will make an awesome video together 😊😊😊😊
i added u could u add me back
I LOVE FREAKISH WHO ELSE HAVE SEEN IT
What's the difference between a kiss and a peck?\n\nIt's the use of the toungue\n-Namjoon\n\nI DIED\n\nany armies out here?!!??
Are the rumors true are you pregnant
This was a awesome VIDEO!!!!!!
You should do a 73 question interview with little Liza
Plz plz plz plz plz I love your channel \n\n\n\n\n\nLizza David is so funny you are to Lizza
Liza ur the highlight of my day I wish u uploaded daily!
I added you on lizakoshysnaps can you add me back please I am a huge fan
Can you do dollar store part 3 or baby david
Yes baby liza get it girl get it MY ANA CONA DONT
I was wondering...\nShould Liza do a michels/ jo Ann's with Liza?
I was watching mean girls today 😀 Kevin g!
i love your video 📹
Kiss and peck is the funniest question bc lots of k-pop groups have to answer to it
I was eating a pickle while watching this and when I laughed a piece of the pickle was in my mouth and now it’s stuck in my nose so uh how do you get thing out of your nose cause it hurts
Omggg you and david should do the fire noodle challengeee
let's get her to 420K guys
Your funny Liza ummm I forgot that jake used you in a thumbnail
Will u make a video with helga soon plz? Also I love you I’m a big fan!!!!!❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️ u really inspire me keep doing what ur doin😁 and stay brown, little girl!
elizebeth heeehee you speak spanish fluently dont you ha ha some one has done a draw my life vid
If u can't handle the heat,stay out of the kitchen
when you find your new favorite video 3:00
You should do a video where you avoid all eye contact with the camera
You should do another IKEA With Liza!!! Those are so hilarious 😂👌🏼
Are u gonna be in the second Medea Halloween??
I love when she does this❤❤❤❤❤❤❤its soooo funny😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂PEACE OUT GIRL SCOUT little Liza✌✌✌✌✌✌✌✌✌
Wow, she's had this channel for over 2 years And she has only uploaded 120 videos, if I had 12 million subscribers I would give my subscibers and fans atleast every other day.
Do a vid when it’s just baby Liza and helga and Jeff and Carlos
Give us your real name Elizabeth
Liza what kind of camera do you use?
No the dirty word in ABC T because titi
Like if she should do an asmr parody
Liza,Tal from reaction time has a crush on you 😮
How does the baby know how to twerk 😂
Why is it hard for me to find someone like Liza ? She's weird asf. In my school there is no weird ppl.😪
THAT many likes and subscribers???? What a shallow, dull, limited mind!!
At 3:39 i thought something happened aka rip headphone users
OMG LIZA YOU NEED TO DO AN ASMR PARODY VIDEO😂
I got a Liza ad
1:33 : when I think of going back to school\nVs\n3:00 : when my parents think that I am going back to school
This is one of the funniest things I have watched in a while😂
*dAs sO fwEKin dOpE -AAAAAAAA*
3:47haha😂
End
LIZA IM GETTING PEN PALS FROM HUSTON TEXAS (baby)
LIZA YOUR MY FAV YOU TUBER
U watched the whole video?... DATS SO FWICKN DOPE BWAAAAA
Fetus genius !!😂😂😂
awww
Love little lizza 💖💖💖
Baby girl ❤
Dollar store with little Liza!!!!!!
ahahah so freaking adorable 😂😍
BABY LIZA
Liza: whats you favorite drink?\nBB lizza: booze\nLiza: excuse me?\nBB liza: boobs\nLiza: oh ok\nBB liza: and alcohol\n\n😂😂
Make more baby Liza videos
girl if you  dont
“Stay away from his pecker”
Find the difference😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😁😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
3 : 22 lol 😂
Do more lil liza
DATS SO FEWKINN DOPEEE-UHHHHH
The very end 😂😂
I love you
Favorite video so funny
0-40-0-43. Ask a little...
I love her hehehe
plzzz come to trinidad plzzzzz
I love when 0:43 happend
1:39 and 2:28 though 😂 😂 😂
Lol that ending tho
“Stay away from his pecker”
Do little david
XD
You ar so cute baby liza
I like how small you are.\nAw. I like how small you are too!\nwhat?\nI M D O NE😂😂😂😂😂😂😭
I really appreciate your effort. You take time to make these videos with so much dedication and hard work. Adding humour in a Q/A session isn't a joke! And I wanna let you know that you bring a smile on so many faces so please keep doing this, maintain this energy and enthusiasm. I know that this comment may get lost in the sea of comments but I genuinely want you to be happy and reach great heights. Keep shining and smiling, hope this reaches out to you and you read it.\n\nP.S. Can I adopt baby Liza?
she's me when I'm in little space 😂
Doesn't Liza have to go back for boo 2 a madea Halloween
Do part two
AHHHHH😂😂😂😂😂
I love baeb lizza
DO A TALK WITH PRETEEN LIZA PWEASEEEEEEEEEEE
😂😂😂
73 questions with carloes
I JUST SAW UR BEATS AD LIZZAAA!!! YOUR AWESOME!!!
Wow, fetty made a song on 1738 and now its 2017. So much time for the new song...
Ngl thought this was imagine dragons at the start
Okay but I'm shook He said I don't mind if I sold my soul, to get a song on the radio and from all the illuminati shiz I've heard about him this makes it believable lmaoooooo
Anyone have cheat codes for me here?
I am from Nepal\nbefore 500k
This sounds more like All Time Low than All Time Low currently sounds like All Time Low ._. \nIs Alex Gaskarth the ghost writer?
Now I miss the view \nfrom the floor of your room\nSeptember came way too soon😍😍
i dont care the viewers all i care is the music love this song
i wasnt expecting this collab but i love it nonetheless <3
Fetty, is that really you?!?!
I need cheat codes for gta SA
this shit is so good 💯💯
Why does everyone sound the same? 😂😂😂
destroying the repeat button while waiting for this song to fking blow up!!!
This song gonna blow up in a week or so
Here before this is number one on the charts and on every radio station
I keep thinking ...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe cheat codes of this song are too damn good !
This song feels great mutha fucka yeaaaaaah :D
This would have been my summer jam
Sounds like What We Started by Don Diablo & Steve Aoki
ayeee this song is lit up, gotta play this song whole on a long trip.
Fetty wap is lit as always and i wish trevor dahl sang :(
The ongoing rise of cheat codes! Good song with fetty wap! Keep up the Good quality beats and songs!God bless😇
How many CHEAT CODES did you guys need to make this song so special?
When we grow up , we cannot be anyone . It feels not great mutha fucka yeahhhh!!!!!!\n\nBtw i love this song it soo litt !!!!
LOVE FROM PHILIPPINES!!!!\n\nSUB TO SUB YEAAAAAAAAHHH\n🌟.     💙💙💙💙💙\n           💙💙💙💙💙\n🌞.🌟💙💙💙💙💙\n           💗💗💗💗💗\n           💗💗💗💗💗\n🌟.     💗💗💗💗💗
Such a feel good song :)
Really makes feels great. I hate not open it first when my notif on
This past week was good! This and First Love by Lost Kings made my week!
feels great to be here!
just the type of music for fetty
well I don't mind if I sell my soul\nTo get a song on the radio\nAre cheat codes Illuminati? Cause their logo is also like a pyramid... Just a guess though and yeah the song is great and proud to be a #Cheater!
I'm falling more and more in love with Cheat Codes with every new song they release. Started with Demi Lovato, now I'm here. Keep up the great work, folks!
SUCH A GOOD SONG!!!
this makes me fckng enjoy my youth yezzz btch live THE life
Another great song from cheat codes, and see who is with them this time Fetty Wap, My all time favourite.. 😊😊
i was here before 328,292 views
320,811 views and I'm listening to this song. 😁
nice song.........i hope this song can make me happy and you too
Is this song on the radio?
Dude was high when he wrote the song
Everything Was Really Perfect until the second verse where there’s no Fetty. Great track still tho. 🔥
Do you remember?  How it feels to be young☺
I don't mind if I sell my soul to get a song on the radio.
is it kinda weird that this song (at least the drop) reminds a lot of the song by Don Diablo & Steve Aoki x Lush & Simon feat. BullySongs called What We Started
I never thought Fetty's voice would remind me of Brendon Urie's. Incredible song
I'm so confused is this fetty singing??
Cheat Codes and Fetty Wap ? Really surprising collaboration which working really good !!! Love it !!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
**FEELS GREAT**\nThis one will surely be on every playlists in coming day's\n\nRight now there are 262K views\nReply how then
Team fetty. Wap. All day    I'm. In. ❤. With.    Fetty
it feels great mo**er fukck yeah!))))  ya fetty it feels like u sing
It feels good to be young especially when you're still young, early teenage young👌👌🍺
It Feels Great to be here before million views!
Watch my new Official Music Video https://youtu.be/tGigpY6MtLU
I like this song. :)
THIS RELATES SO MUCH TO ME. THANKU SO MUCHHHHH CC🙏🏾
the only bad part is 3:25
Fetty Wap is mind blowing .......never he was so good!
This song is mutha fucking great
fetty back mutha fucka yeah!!! 🙌
Damn voice :o
Before 1 mil
Generation Y ⚡
Perfect summer song.
Only clicked cz Fetty ❤
This new Fetty Wap gives off good vibes
Wow iLove Fettywap😍❤
Cheat Codes feels me Great ♥
i love this songgg!!!! <3
Perfect 👌👍
Fetty finally comes out without yeaa baby.
great song !!!
this song gives those chill summer vibes! <3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-dSdDKuitw
it feels great motherfuck yeah!
Holy mutha fucka yeah
1738!!!!!!
yeahhhh🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯💯
It feels great muthafucka yeah!
325k~ish (101717) 👋👋
I Love You Fetty Wap! SQUAAAA!! 💯🔥
Loveee it ❤
Cheat Codes
It feels great mutha fucka yea ❤❤
Fetty Wap 1738!
Ahahah love ya
Here before 500,000 views..feels great mutha fuck yeah
First!!!
Wait wait wait....is that chainsmokers? Lol
Fetty can legit sing?!?! I dig it
awesome lyrics~!!! @Cheat Codes
*cheat codes feat ANITTA * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omzk3klIy0E
really great
Fetty wap kill it.. 🌋
Here during upload progress screen.
This song feels great muthafucka yeah.
oh motherfucking yeah fetty!
Best!
#FettyisBack ❤✌
really nyc song..\n\nfeel great mutha fuking yeah..
I love how even in low light you can see that Nic has really beautiful and well taken care of skin, not just throwing some moisturizer on like most gurus who sctually have awful skin without their 1000 watt, full coverage and filter trickery.
Pls review hudabeaty cos I feel she’s overhyped. Swatched her palette and it was so disappointing
PLEASE can you guys do a review on THE ORDINARY FOUNDATION & the GLOSSIER  products xxxxxxxx ❤️❤️❤️
Would love love love a tarte review
Great review as always, please can you do NYX thanks xxxx
A video using several Clinique products would be great. I rarely ever see videos with their products included, and I'd love to know which of their non-foundation products are good!
Love this review Nic! Really useful. Thanks :) also, may be a really stupid question, but how do you work out your skin tone? I always struggle matching foundation. I don't know if my skin is warm, cool, yellow or pink undertones etc. And different make up stands tell me different things! Thanks xx
This was great Nic, you gave a thorough and fair review. I love that you roadtested the products for a day before. I'd like to see you review Makeup Revolution, I love their gold chocolate bar eyeshadow palette, their double ended eye liner pen and the palette they did with British Beauty Blogger. Thanks. Xx
I love this channel and you girls are amazing, but that contour looks terrible, it's like thick patches of dirt.
This was a fantastic overview--I was laughing at the sheer volume of products that you managed to slap on but it was great to see them all in action!♥
Omg! I looooove this look!
Yes!!! Thank you for being one of the few people who used these products to their full potential. I love that you weren’t limiting the product to one specific use but you used your creativity to use the products the way you wanted. Love this!!
Like that you take the time to play and understand how work the products before you show to us ;)
I have oily skin and this foundation broke me out really badly. I loved the finish and how it wore on my skin but I cannot use it. Does anyone have the same problem with the foundation?
Hi Nic, Thank you for the awesome review. So much hype on this one that it became so confusing... Btw, can I request you for a review of Huda Beauty's new foundation lines? Thanks a lot!
Pray the rosary everyday and quit the vanities of the world, because the world is passing away and the life of the soul is what is everlasting
love your take on makeup. told myself I wouldn't watch anymore fenty reviews but had to watch yours because I knew you would have a unique stance
Love you and your videos!! Would love to see you do a Bobbi Brown review xx
Eeeeeeeeeeeek. So jealous jealous jealous. I ,over her products. U look absolutely stunning. I loooooooved the eye makeup.the stick blush kinda thing and  the lip gloss. But all too expensive. But absolutely amazing makeup . Absolutely love u nic. ❤️❤️💕💕💕💋💋💋💋🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
Love the lipgloss and the eye colours, however am not a huge fan of the base xx
Nic could you do a Fall/Autumn makeup routine video 😙 Love your videos!!
I would love to see a review on Kjaer Weis or RMS Beauty! xx
please review the ordinary serum and coverage foundations!
Nic - I'd love to see reviews on all of the upcoming Holiday collections!!!!
You girls are beautiful inside & out.
I'm obsessed with this look, stunning make up as always. ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤
Hi Nic - I know you ladies tend to review/use more high end brands (not a criticism) but I was wondering if you would review the Primark range. X
To me the foundation matches your skin tho
I got the gloss and it just looks like clear gloss on me. The pretty color...disappears.😢
honoring the men in makeup too! Thanks Nic so much, this means so much to someone like me. much love from Orlando! xoxo
This is my favorite review of this brand!
one of the most adventurous full fenty beauty looks i've seen! i think the glowy, natural-looking look most people create with these products are lovely, but you really used her products in the versatile way that rihanna wanted. and you did it really well!
Jesus Christ, that’s horrible 😂 She looks absolutely fine, but that over the top makeup is just too much. Sorry guys, but is it just me?
You should do a review on Jeffree Star cosmetics! The brands Vegan I believe and available on Beauty Bay
Really like the Brand reviews n seeing all the products used
Her hairline goes way back like the 1980's
The lighting was so much better in this video! :)\n\nAlso great review :) x
Best review of Fenty I've seen! Love the unique ways you used the products.
I love that she didn't just gush over Rihanna for being Rihanna. I'd like to try the matchsticks!!
I LOVE the lighting here!! I am so tired of overly bright videos that everyone else does. xx :)
I have always loved you!!! Been a subscriber to your channel since your PixiCut hair days! But I love more how excited you get when you show in the products that would look great for darker skin. ❤️
I have to be honest, the contour looked very muddy! Maybe it was because of the lighting? Other than that, the cheeks and eyes looked gorgeous
its 2k 17 \ni cant recognize humans any more
Wasn't she menta shake the foundation first
I wanted to comment on how this has been the best review of the Fenty Beauty line, but everybody has already said it. This is why I've trusted Sam and Nic for years now. Their videos are so informative that they have helped me pick which MAC, Estee Lauder, and Clinique foundations would suit my skin type. Moreover, their reviews are so positive, it's always pleasing to watch them.
I wanted to love the foundation but it sank right into my pores with and without a primer. Good thing I only got a sample.
Would love a review on jefree star products. Thanks x
Out of all the Fenty Beauty reviews I have seen... I feel you were the most honest and transparent... but you guys always are.  💟  This was super informative... Thank u.  Well done!!
Love what you did here 🙌🏼❤️❤️ showing the versatile usage really helped me 😊
I think it's great that you did a full face using the highlighters as eyeshadow! Clever!
Love that you used Trophy Wife as an eyeshadow, and not a highlighter like other light skinned girls have done on Youtube.
Love this look so much!! 👌🏼
Would be great if you did an update skin care video. ☺
Any time you like something I just want to run out and buy it haha! I would love to see you review an affordable brand like Sleek or Nyx please, for those of us who need to rely on cheaper products most of the time...
What colour foundation did you go for Nic?
I love the look you did with it. I haven't seen anyone else use the highlighters as eyeshadow or lipstick
I like the way you do makeup - I don't understand contouring the forehead though.  It just looks like everyone has a dirty forehead.  You don't of course.
The foundation made me break out in little red spots (not pimples/active acne, almost like an allergic reaction as opposed to a breakout) but I really liked the way it looks when mixed with a luminous foundation for my dry skin - I used Koh Gen Do Aqua and the two seemed to play nicely together. If anyone's bought the foundation but has dry skin and finds it isn't working but also own a liquidy dewy foundation try mixing the two!
I have really dry skin and the formulas just did not work for me. I got the foundation as soon as it was released because of the color selection. I have a strong yellow undertone that is hard for me to match. The foundation and primer just made my skin look even dryer. I looked like I had more texture then I actually have.
Celebrity make up . I shall pass
Please review Le Mètier de Beautè. I am very curious on your feedback for a high end brand.
Thank you for always including us darker skin girls in your reviews and recommendations.
I'd like to see a tutorial on Pat McGrath's new eyeshadow palettes.
Fantastic review Nic! Always enjoy listening to your honest thoughts and loved the look💗
Looks great nic.  Would love your opinion on Glossier.
I love but please cut down on the Botox your eyebrows didn't move the whole video!
Could you do a nyx review/tutorial.  I have not used there stuff but have heard good things about it. Also I have extremely pale skin with really dark under eyes. What would you do with that as I have never found a concealer good enough? I love your video. I like how real you are. Keep it up.
This is by far the best review of Fenty Beauty that I have seen so far. 👏🏼
I wasn't sure when I saw it at Sephora last week, but now I want absolutely everything in this range! My poor, poor bank account! lol Thanks for the review, Nic!
Thanks for the review Nic, I love how you showed the versatility of the products unlike the rest of the video reviews.
You're 37 ?! Wow, that's goals aha x
Great review,\nCould you review the Claudia Schiffer’s ?\nThx
This video showed me how much lighting & editing make a difference in makeup videos....the line doesnt seem that great without heavy editing?
I would love to see a review of the new Pat McGrath Labs shadows and liners!
aw I love how you have Tanyas  Burr\ns book in the background
Just started watching you! You are lovely x I am 37 also. I really enjoyed this review. I learnt so much thank you 💕
Awesome review
love
Best review so far
Do you still use Lilash?
I thought you said 'ginger minge' 😂😂
CT please!!
Do NYX!!!!!
Best tutorial of fenty beauty. Thanks Nic
that finishing powder.... wow!
NARS would be great! Please please!
Please review Milani
Love the lighting
What moisturiser did you use?
37??? you look great!
Your right side looks fantastic!
Please review Dolce & Gabbana makeup! Thank you!
while tension male wbrozx conviction seemingly fish touch start overall.
Omg this makeup is so gorgeous 😍
Love your makeup looks, but could you do more makeup looks on brown eyes please! Your eyes stand out a lot with makeup especially because they're light, it takes effort to choose a natural/ish look for brown eyes. Kim Kardashian does this beautifully at the moment, but I can't seem to create the look or pick the right shades. Would love a video on that. Thank you! <3
I watched this feeling like I learnt so many new things!
You knew you’d be applauded for making special mention of men and makeup. Nothing is stopping men from wearing makeup. I came here like most, to relax and watch a makeup tutorial. Instead it’s like everywhere else you turn- politically charged and obsessed with political correctness at every point where it can be mentioned.
Would love to know what you think about the new Nars Luminous weightless foundation and how best to apply it!
Thank you so very much for this incredibly honest and sincerely brilliant tutorial on Fenty Beauty. As I’m blind due to my MS. This is the 1st & only one I could truly get a feel for what this brand has for me personally. Cheers.
What if that's just the way Jimmy Fallon laughs? 🤔
woman crush #1
She’s a legend 👌🏾
I LOVE YOU, P!NK\nPlease perform in Super Bowl Halftime
Don't you mean she cries when he sings?
mayb he cries because mammy has an angry face alot when she sings
I also cryied when my mum sang to me when I was a baby
when will eminenm guest in the tonight show?
 we work with the same people like Rihanna, i know that she is way hotter than me , but i'm funnier LOL i' ve loved her
The one song I HATE (and deleted) is the next single. 😣
Jimmy you have 2 more year as the host... You're starting to feel fake, like super cringe!
How can you cry on such shitty music she is just like crap
I LOVE HEERERR SO MUCH!!!
Pink+Eminem
My *Meatball* I was like AWWWWWWWWWWWWW and i cried\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThen I saw the girl singing and I screamed *SHE SO DAMN CUTE*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRihanna is so much hotter than me but I'm *funnier*
Go 'head, Big Sis. I just love P!nk. I love her personality and her will to not give in to trends.
Their pictures with them all bending the gender lines to push the filthy marxist luciferian hollywood agenda of post-genderism and ambiguity is digusting.
Love her!! This album is underwhelming but she is amazing!!
I like their song together on Recovery. I would have been shocked if Eminem said no to her after she’s been on one of his tracks.
Гуф Умер!
Does she love Eminem after threatening to drop all his fans if they don’t drop Trump.  Thug...
Maybe coz her music has lost its edge? Just kidding but I really do miss the early 2000s
I'd like to see Pink's bean.  I'd also love to play with her bean.
Jimmy is so sweet!!!
Such a nice Person :)
She's so great, god, I thank the universe for people like her.
I love to hear her lagth, I think I would tickle her for a long time just to hear it.
pinks awesome. Jesus this guy is cringe to watch tho. So fake with his laughter. Are all american talk show hosts this bad?
Jimmy tries too hard to relate with his laughs and comments. Lots of guests just seem to smile and put up with him.
So, I've emailed Marshal...\nThats a different level xD
Fire Starter,.....lol, priceless,....and actually, she does, lol, and that lip synch part, ha, amazeball's!!  Love her, and her new album is amazing :D
i have't seen a Pink Eminem... nah!
Pink suit to the VMAs is literally LIFE!!!
Love it!! Check me very fast bass player https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfjY1UtIWmDN4sDXtpt2hIg?sub_confirmation=1
The part where she talks about Revenge and how she was drinking wine and wanted a Rap Grammy and asked Eminem and whatnot-- she gave that interview on the radio here in New York VERBATIM like to the point I was just wondering if they edited out Jimmy and put in Elvis Duran's voice like every little joke she made and EVERYTHING. Until Jimmy interrupted her joking along about the email it was EXACT. Like, I get that they have to tell the same stories over and over and shit when they're doing promo for an album and especially for one specific single BUT usually their answers are slightly different seeing as they're talking to someone different etc... this literally like was weird and made me feel like she's a robot HAHA. Seriously google the interview if it's up and you'll see... so weird. Ver-bay-Tum. Lol\n\n  Incidentally, Revenge is my favorite song rn like I LOVE it hahahaha it's just different and cool and funny. Also I love Eminem so there's that. Two thumbs up. (That song, plus the interview, actually made me DL the entire album and so far I've listened to like half of it and it's great, I highly recommend it).
If you sub to me I will sub to you
I cry when she sings too and at my age I'm nearly deaf.
Time is a heartless bitch to me,,but Missy Pink is holding up really well.   Funny stuff.   Meatball and Firestarter,,Ha!,,,  Kids have a bright future,  so long as their mom has a good heart, which she does.   Good luck Mom!
who cares? this bitch is ugly
P!NK has been around forever, yet I notice she's only recently been really famous, I don't get it.
what a brave transgender pink is. and what an Adonis belt!
Too bad cant afford to see her live
March 1st is my birthday!!!!!!! I will be 18!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU PINK
oh  so sweet !
He cry’s because he hates her voice.
Jimmy loves everything lol
Pink is cool. M&M is a douche-bag.
Me too, she's not very good
I see Eminem in the description I click.
P!NK went to school with my mom in highschool
Pink is ugly,  and her music is bad, and shes stupid.
Shes so genuine and beautiful..good on you ms lady!
have u guys thought of P!nk doing the Superbowl Halftime show?
She’s fucking awesome! \nCan’t wait to see you in New Zealand
why at 0.28 does he always do that fake laugh?
Yo is she the one, Simon said was trash??
Give leading please export potato offer site treatment identical category.
I died when she said Eminem
P!nk and Em? Never even imagined it but now I can't stop wondering!
I love this woman! So excited for the new album and hope she brings her tour to the UK!
Ughhhhh STFU and let her speak
I cry when she sings too. Because I miss the old Pink. Now all of her songs are practically all the same.
I was psyched until I heard little Marshall was belching out his stench on her album.
Fallon just doesn't seem to connect with his guests. He's like an over excited kid on Christmas morning. Is that from smoking pot?
Pals rate Anyone  identify bigger  this case? laxghing
I cry whenever she sings
Pink: Hi\nJimmy: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Who is Pink
https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://m.facebook.com/Asafurniture-439088423141770/&ved=0ahUKEwi0iPfGn_DWAhVGBBoKHX4iBeoQFggfMAA&usg=AOvVaw3BNJXhHK6lc0vBtS2Rvk8p
Her son isn't the only one crying when he hears her awful songs.
I don't know about anybody else but She is still beautiful. And still married to the man who did the first backflip on a a dirt bike!!!😀
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
Love
Pink stinks
yo pink is qeer! JUGALO FOR LIFE!
Stink
She has balls too.
Fallon's ratings are tanking lol
More pc social justice warrior mentality.
I think Jimmy has a little crush on Pink and who could blame him!!!   xox great interview
Jimmy... as annoying as usual.
She's an amazing woman!
#get rid of jimmy fallon because he's not funny
This is some normie shit.
Pink should do next super bowl halftime, cuz she's is awesome!!!
She is so cool...
I would be honoured to have anal sex with PINK.
pink is not her real  name but she is good i love  her
I want her to be my Mommy. :D
I thought this was going to be a really sweet story about how her son loves her voice so much he cries when she sings... oops XD
1 minute long ad before the video WHOA
She is lovely.
I love pink
Love me some P!nk. ❤ #Awesome
Ugh I love her dress. Ugh I love her.
That colour suits her
carey is so handsome
If she didn't look so damn stupid we might actually pay attention to her voice.
YOU'RE fat ! He cries because you're a bad celebrity.
Minute Earth: Well\n\nDrug Addict: THEY COME FROM PINK FAIRIES MADE FROM BACON
Great video!  But Tacrolimus has many more uses that just treatment for Eczema.  It has revolutionized transplantation as an anti-rejection drug!
Why don't you also do a video about hippos? And the difference between the crocodile and the alligator?
In short, drugs are made from fungi 😂😂😂
Just went to talk at the University of Minnesota with Dr Salomon presenting about this stuff. Extremely interesting and innovative.
Every time my mom puts a banana in my lunch its smell and taste gets somehow infused with the rest of the lunch. If you could make a video explaining this that would be great. Thanks!
From the cute 11 year old boy next to my house\n\n\n\n\n\nI'm 91
Why cats hate water
Is it just me, or do they use Dutch Haagel Slaag alot in their vidoes?
Simple - they come from mexico
From the drug store, bruh
I dont know why but i get the best chills watching minuteearth and even get my eyes wet...
One teaspoon of soil a day will keep the doctor a stone's throw away.
The power of natural products
would you do a video about wolves and their mating
From third world countries.
Where Do Our Drugs Come From?
So hot!!!
im allergic to penicillin
, .
00:02 to 00:10\nThe REAL question is WHAT the hell is it in the remaining medications?
I thought you were gonna tell us ur dealer
I just get it from that sketchy guy behind Walmart.
wait Minnesota!? thats the state i live in
How come researchers don't try mutating fungi to target the MRSA bacteria common in hospital? \n\nLike put a certain type of fungi that's enemy with the staf bacteria and see if it mutates after several generations to become resistant to the MRSA.
Hello, please provide translations, thank you.
Sooo...The ice cream truck isn't the only place to buy drugs?
The CIA is where they originally came from. LSD
i think antibiotic or antimicrobe that bacteria pump out have another purpose. Some journal say it used for signaling neighbor microbe with chemical substance rather than killing them.
Mostly colombia and Mexico
You're looking for a guy named Heisenberg, you didn't hear it from me😑
They came from the pharmacy, duh.
It’s from that Ugandan warlord
The world is brutal by nature, killing is a necessity to live.
Imagine the really useful ones they don't release to the public.
Answer: my friends
The art of XKCD and the voice of Marzipan from homestarrrunnner, it's a winning combination!
1:59  right hand column 4th one down,  we discovered aeroplanes from leeks?
Oh I thought this was about drugs like cocine, meth or others
We should get rid of the current education system and instead replace them with a movie like experience, where all the students get like ridiculously comfy chairs, a big screen with everyone in front of it, popcorn or snacks of any kind with drinks, and just play minute earth and minute physics videos. Guarantee you this, whatever the official number is for the amount of students that succeed through their lives will skyrocket compared to how it has been. An 8 year old could watch this and learn without confusion. This world is very far behind where it could already be, people like the people here at minute earth are what we need.
my plug, Kevin. shoutout to him
Easy drugs come from hell
Yes, the University of Minnesota is a major source of knowledge regarding medical research (I will get treatment there for chronic tmj)
penecilin dosnt exist anymore... newer and newer antibiotics have to be made all the time because with every new antibiotic comes resistance and adaption by the bacteria. Good luck this will be a massive problem eventually and everyone will get infected.
God like all things
I already have the smelly socks one :P
This was a waste....
In another universe, fungi and bacteria are taking Guns and Nuclear Weapons to treat their infections of humans.
So live in forest and start pharmacy!
My dealer usually makes me jerk him off, but never gives me the drugs. Why is that? He even pinky promised.
What about the remaining 3/10 chemicals?
When theyre really imported from government officials
It's a me a MaRIo...
Biggest opium plantations are guarded by the military. Take a wild gues, DUURRRRR
2:20 This bacteria with stinky socks, made me smile;p
What about the other 3?
I'm now more curious about the other 3/10 drugs
Don't get me wrong, I like Kate's voice, but there's something... unusually high and squeaky about it. Does the recording software not do her voice justice? Or does she really sound like a chipmunk?
What do they say about the guy who brings mushrooms to the party?\n\nHe's a real fungi!\n\n**rimshot**
I live in mn
Thank you MinuteEarth, for always making content that keeps me excited about science and the subtle complexities of our world.
Video wasn’t a minute long. Reported.
That was really interesting learning how those 3 drugs worked
nice
1:05 - 1:26 *Cough cough* I am allergic to penicillin
changing fiber cancer sumgpxe stock buy female pipe criticism.
From my marijuana farm, duh.
Very cute voice.
#47 on Trending holy crap\ngj
CIA mainly
I thought this was going to be a video about El Chapo
Just say no to drugs!
So, what this vid is trying to tell you, is: \nEAT A SPOONFUL OF DIRT AND YOULL GET BETTER!
The cia smuggles cocain into communities
Mexico
Ive always wanted to know thx
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?ePrqp1rBRVVSFkc7vkLV0rI=6eCpAELE7fVM7p11mxvS9y2U9pSl
Afghanistan
Doctors are drug dealers
phytochemistry 😁
fucking clickbaited again
Afghanistan
THE GOVERNMENT?
Hi Subscribe to JMC vlogs today
My ass
I'm no snitch
Weed
the drug store
Mmmm. Dirt
silkroad3. onion???
🚬🙂 weed
my drugs come from el chapo
My bro is allergic to penicillin
Amazing
Send me drugs
Mexico?
Blacks
Mexico?
This man is toxic and half those players don't deserve to wear the shirt
Arsenalfantv and chill anyone??
Get out the facking club
this old cunt is going to kill me.
Lol Donkey! Please stay at Arsenal forever. Laughing stock of the league.
WENGER IN
fuck this guy
Xhaka was terrible playing out of position ..giving ball away ..why not play wilshere  instead ? Arsene clearly lost it ..
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
WENGER-IN
Welbeck just back from injury ..why play him instead of Giroud ?
First... fuck Wenger
Scandalous decision! Bit like offering you another 2 years then Mr Wenger!
Full of shit. Whining about decisions ... did he see the pen West Brom were denied in the last game? That was what u call a scandalous decision. \n\nArsenal bottled it, deeney came on and it was almost constant Watford bombardment... they hit the post n had other chances too. Deserved win in the end for Watford
Jesus christ just go, every decison you make is a WTFFFFFARE YOUDOING!@#@@#@ decision.
Wenger in
Look aaahhh
Not a penalty terrible decision!!
hmm scandalous decision? We did score twice... and they didn't. Silly Mr Wenger your team is slapdash at best.
Europa League club. Facts. \n\nFeel bad for Wenger. \n\nWas it raining? Ty definitely gonna muster something banterful at another Watford defeat.
All said at exactly 0:10...
i cant listen to him anymore
This man face is horror film scene, worse than hell fire.. fuck off here
Wenger in! Fuck your you modern day football fabs
Hahahahahahah
pack youre bags and fuck off!
Stop the rot, you are the rot. LEAVE!
Please please sack wenger. He is clueless. Past his time(15years ago in fact). Im a gooner and glad we lost. We need change and we need it quick
Specialist in failure
Carlos anceloti is still available
Hahhahahahahahahahahahaha
Bahahahaha! xD
poor man. players are shit! Ozil is overrated. Sanchez thinks he is messi.
Donkey!!!!!
🤣🤣🤣
Excuse after excuse after excuse MAN THE FUCK UP give us the answers we deserve to here we deserved to lose penalty or not
Is this the squad to compete for major honors.....? I don't think so
arsene wenger is too old for this.
*Specialist in failure.*
Wenger Out !!!!!
Spineless...coward
FRAUD
piss off
which software do you use??  can you please please tell
Anxiety is my life.\nAlmost everything stresses me out and I don't know how to stop it
Yay what a great thing to tell someone with anxiety. You’re likely to get heart disease. ☹️ But the rest was helpful. So thanks.
Can you smoke weed on birth control?\n\nThere is a whole on the internet that you need to fill.
Video suggestion: Why do I ALWAYS wake up early and with so much energy after a night of drinking?!?
Cause the spider that I just put a cup over disappeared
Ahhh. You’re taking way too fast for a video about anxiety.
anxious ppl work my nerves\nWhy worry about something that hasn't happened...
I was just asking myself this.
Really enjoyed this video! so many facts about anxiety
because of my teacher
Some of u people need to stop feeling sorry for yourselves and get on with it lol
We're all gonna die one day :(
i live with panic disorder. much like the chipotle kid...  Omg Anxiety is my life. lol
i felt like crap these couple of days back. Now i feel better. I stopped smoking I think this is from childhood.
I think my anxiety stems from never feeling like I've done good enough so I think about ways I messed up. And if something does go my way I feel like I just injected heroine and I'm a rock star. And then I crash again
I watched this video to try and understand my anxiety. Now I ish understand it but now I'm terrified of it. Fml
Was recently diagnosed with severe reoccurring Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder and I didn't even think I had anxiety to begin with. My day to day life is a lot better now since treatment.
So thats why white people make me nervous...
I was hoping this would be a fun cartoon, its more of a drawing thang tho...
This video just gave me anxiety
I get anxiety when I'm in line and the cashier gives me coins.
Started meds after 1st and biggest anxiety attack. It stopped the constant anxiety the 1st attack triggered but i didnt want to be on meds my whole life so i weened off it after like 6 months and started probiotics and eating better which helped some but the biggest help so far has been magnesium spray. Ive only been using it a week but its helped a lot. Apparently magnesium deficiency is hard to diagnose in blood work so worth a shot.
does any one know how I could make a video with this similar kind of style? any free programs or tutorials any one knows of?
I honestly wish people treated mental illnesses the same as physical illnesses. Just because it may be invisible doesn't mean it doesn't exist. It can be just as debilitating or worse. \n\n- a girl trying to cope with GAD/MDD
Read turtles all the way down for a deeper look inside anxiety and the disorder itself
God, watching this video made me anxious
I get anxious just by reading the word Anxiety
Meditate every day. Meditate. After 30 years of trying everything...
3:30 say it louder for the people in the back
I got anxious watching this video :s
7 Million world wide or in the US alone?
I’m 18 and my boyfriend was just in a terrible car accident killing his best friend and leaving himself in a coma. I was wondering if you guys could do a video on traumatic brain injuries? More specifically diffuse axonal brain injuries please.
0:4 whether writing an exam or when your crush doesn't care you exist and he is standing right next to you
What always amazes me is that I'll have these thoughts tormenting me, and then suddenly they just disappear--poof! My brain is calm.  It is like something pops, and it is over.
Why do we have appetite? And why are we slaves to our appetite?
this video gave me anxiety
can u make a video on   why do we slap people ? i was always curious about that i think it would be a great topic
Hey I'm new here so I'm not sure if you've done a video on this but I think it would be really cool if ya'll could do a video on how experiences in childhood affect your life and relationships later on.
the hottest fashion trend of 2017
I am so anxious  not to say something wrong in class because it will make everybody laugh... I am the only child in my class to be anxious with all the test and even daily lessons because I feel like I will not have study enough and in this way I would dissapoint my teachers... Once I got a 17 out of 20 in a test and I did not want to go to school for one week because I felt useless and that if somebody sees me, I thought they will laugh at me...
i make A S M R  relaxation videos to help people with anxiety.. hugs hugs to all that have anxiety problems.. I have it badly too   :(
Describing the chemical processes doesn't really explain WHY.
Secret link of the day
Why do we pass out when we lock our knees for extended periods of time? Please like this if you agree.
I developed anxiety attacks over a long period of time that came to a head many years ago when I had one of several panic attacks.  After dealing with this for over a decade, a new thing happened: agoraphobia.  I now don't leave my apartment unless I absolutely have to.  I no longer grocery shop nor do even go for a casual walk as each of these cause anxiety and panic - and for no known reason at all.  I take an SSRI daily but that doesn't do much except even out my moods so I no longer feel particularly happy or overly sad about anything as a result.  The worst part about this: I'm not alone.  There are so many others in the same situation as I am where our quality of life has been dramatically compromised.  I've lost most of my friends (since I can't visit them nor can I go out with them anymore for fun).  I certainly haven't met anyone that I could share my life with (how could I).  I buy most of my food at a convenience store because it's close by and I can quickly go there, grab something and come home again.  This is my life, or more accurately, my existence.  Anyone that thinks those of us that suffer with this _want_ to be like this are the ones that need to have their head examined.  Often, we are told that we need to pull our socks up, man-up, get over it, etc., or are asked things like What are you afraid of? Do you think people are watching and whispering? What is your problem? and don't understand when they get answers like I don't know what there is to fear: nothing, as far as I know.  This just happens.  No I don't think people are staring and whispering; I'm not paranoid or suffering delusions.  If I knew what my problem was do you not think I'd have addressed it already head on?  Then they wonder why we get upset and don't want to be around them.  To make this problem even worse, none of us experience this the same way.  One person's experience with anxiety and panic could be radically different from my own.  Sadly, we're all treated the same way.  Broken.
i figured i was going to comment along the lines of what a load of bollocks!\nbeing somebody who suffers anxiety for a host of reasons, along with depression, i get a bit sick of the whole change your diet, think positive! type of crap that appears on the net. \nyou didnt do that. \nthankyou!
Shout out to the beautiful bastards that clicked that secret link!!
I've been on an ssri (zoloft) for 5 years now, it really saved my life
What is Philly D trying to tell me?
QUESTION TIME!!! XD\nWhy do I love doing puzzles since I'm terrible at them?\nAlso where did all of the stereotypes about women wanting Make up and cars and hot boys more than gender equality or even common sense?\nIf you answer any of these then I will be the happiest person on earth. Thanks\n-Ozeroo
Because jon snow is dead
Stop fapping, you'll thank me later
THANK YOU ... really thank you very much ... i now know how i feel better when i do [the synapse part] ..... thank you again
This is so strange. WTF is going on with people that so many people are getting anxiety in recent years. Jesus. Is this what happens when we interrupt Darwinism?
Very helpful. Thank u
What are those floaty things you see which are transparent and move as you shift your gaze. Is it just me who sees it? Pls make a video explaining that
WHAT THE HELL Man?!?!?!... I've always dealt with anxiety from Childhood but somehow your video makes me feel terrified about my Anxiety now ! Now in addition I'm increasingly afraid of the compound effects for my future and physical health too
Can you guys do an episode about human asexuality?
They played asapscience in my school
When a secret Philly D link gives you your life story...
I have anxiety, my dad has anxiety it really sucks but it gets better
Will your voice break If you stop talking for a long time
Pray the rosary everyday and quit the vanities of the world, because the world is passing away and the life of the soul is what is everlasting
Anybody have the background song’s name?
Id really like to know how school affects anxiety because lemme tell you,  its definitely one of the largest factors in my anxiety
i have extreme anxiety. did i spell anything wright!???!
Why do we get side affects and why do only some of us get them? 💖💕
to answer your question yes\nvery
I still click on these videos even if the title doesn't apply to me whatsoever/doesnt sound interesting just because asap science is life
oh, so that's why my heart hurt and I was shaking and sweating, nervous at that maths exam, I did really bad, I couldn't think proberlly.
Greg and Mitch are like the sciency and more intelligent versions of Mitch and Scott from Superfruit and Pentatonix
My anxiety came back while watching this video.
You should make a video of your brain lean
I hate when people try to discredit my anxiety by saying, “It’s normal! I get super anxious all the time too!” 😐
Talk about how society started using the word triggered all of a sudden...
WHY ARE YOU ASKING ME
I have severe social anxiety and I can't take it anymore this is too painful I just want to be normal
Sir please make a video on intermittent fasting and its effects on hormones such as testosterone and growth hormone and such for bodybuilding as i have seen many people claim that testosterone levels boost on intermittent fasting. Thank You in advance
Why am I anxious?\n\nWell um, why am I NOT anxious?
Because I suffer from a diease that makes me smell bad called tmau. 😢😥
Next episode should be titled: “Your brain on child Pornography”
this video makes me anxious
I need help, I always get flusted talking to people, Why??? 😶😶🙁😖😷🤕🤒😝😩😳
I feel like you guys read my mind sometimes and your like, alright he is now Anxious, lets give him some tips.
Idk why but I feel like he is a pervert
2:02 That voicecrack though
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?lbR0zgK3bfTiz8UKASIA1U30dO=47diHfbt5iha
I have Anxiety
2:03 his voice tho
Phil Defranco
Thanks Phil!
Really good video....
His voice cracked at 2:05
fdygfdgfy
2:02 Dat voice crack
Whos here from Philly D?
Why do we have homesickness?
Kan jag fara till Hampus i Januari?????
Thank you so much to Quidd for sponsoring us! Go get some Ryland, Drew, and Shane STICKERS here!!!!!! it's free!! http://bit.ly/2xs3Evj
I wanted to get quid\nSupport Shane but it's not working on my phone
who in the beginning was tryna look and see if shane has cavities and fillings?\n\nno..just me..well fuck it idc lol
From eating Taco Bell in his kitchen to this fancy shmancy stuff
Is it just me, or is Shane one of the funniest people EVER?!
Also that valet guy was super sweet
Shane and drew literally have my laughing so hard every second
Can the waitress make a YouTube channel? I really want to follow that girl 😂😂
Shane there is this guy that is uploading on your channel and he is wtf news
But one of them eats three pieces every time literally me. XD
Well now u know it's fking good
Shane to Ryland while he's eating the tuna tartare: You should try real p**sy\nRyland: (staring irritated like) 😂
hold the fuck up. If i pay $1000 for a pizza i want a pizza that covers the whole fucking table lol not that little shit hahahaha
I actually love Drew's apartment. I like the booth seats and neon lights and Coca-Cola signs. My aesthetic. He must secretly be a grandma in a young dude's body. Like me. Except I'm a grandma in a 20 year old woman's body that looks 12...
this might be the most extra video i have watched he literally took shane to a gallery to get a picture of the pizza
Please do more of these videos! ❤️
Lol”that’s fucking good that’s fucking good that’s fucking good”😂
I thought it was going to be as big as the table... they come out with a tiny paper plate lmaoooooo
I think it's funny that people keep saying they expected it to be bigger. The things that are on it such as the truffles & the lobster, are what make it expensive. Filet mignon is an expensive piece of meat & it's the size of a fist.
That looked disgusting. I think the chef threw up on a pizza and charged you $1000.00
*jumps off a counter* I'M GAY!.... this meme is Dead...... I know.....
Must be nice to have a thousand dollars just to spend on pizza. Meanwhile i owe $1600 for school😂💀
“I’m going to Kool-Aid man into this fancy restaurant” 💀
I wish that I could have some...
Imma download Quidd just because I feel sorry for Shane
The only reason is f00d
..Up next on Worth It..
They took Shane to a room for better lighting to get a good shot. Still didn’t get a good shot 😂
Best pizza I ever had was 99 cent pizza in New York. Greasy goodness hahah.
i think lindsay lohan died there once\num??? shane???? once???
It smells like an expensive pussy... I think I like it😭😭
The fan girl valet guy reminds me of Ranjeet from how I met your mother
Me watching the intro: HEY WHAT'S UP YOU GUYSSS, YE- *_OH_* *_MY_* *_GOD_*
That transition snap though I'm shook
Please tell Drew that his turtle needs much more than a tank with water. Love you.
Next weeks buzzfeed worth it video: $1 vs $1000 pizza
I usually skip past brand deal ads but because I was so amazed that Shane actually got one, I thought I had to actually witness it.
Shane is literally me as a youtuber. He's not high maintenance or stuck up. Hes a genuine human being with a camera. I love you shane and always be the baddest bitch out there
I'm super wet for that pizza, I want it SO MUCH.
Doesn’t Ryland remind you of that worth it guy.. Andrew?
SHOUT OUT TO THE VALET FANS
I thought it would at least be big!!!!! wtf
Ryland has a new video where he does something gay *screech*
After I heard he got stickers I went straight to quidd and took alllllll of them In fact I got the whole set also rylands set
That’s the ugliest pizza I’ve ever seen
Behold, the 7 Eleven version of Buzzfeed's Worth It
i have youtube chanel  subcribe an be apart of the illuminati
I have your shoes!!!!!!!!!!
When they took the plate off the pizza I was like “What the fuck is this shit...?” I was like I thought it was going to look way more delicious....
We're back at Pizza Drews I don't know why that made me laugh, also, Drews pizza kitchen setup are goals.
Shane I saw a illuminaty in a church on the top of  a painting and it was sourunded with angels
Quid is the new best fiends
Shane: PIZZA FACT: I CAN EAT 5000 SLICES OF PIZZA IN ONE SITTING!\nMe: Oh....i  thought it was 6000. \n\n\nxD love u shane!
I'm cringing so much.
The Pizza Taste Like A THOUSAND DOLLARS
ok but I figured the workers would be kinda rude or different cause it's expensive but they were all really sweet
Pizza is my world
I love Ryland haha he's perfect for Shane. Much calmer
Omg.... Watching this video is making me want pizza
*HEY WHAT'S UP YOU GUYS OMG!* 🤗😂
that pizza tho
Shane check out crazy kittens by Jada
im woke
That pizza looked nasty af
The waitress is amazing
:b
Buzzfeed is SHOOK
buzzfeed is quaking
*eats Blaze Pizza while watching this*
Elevated
With buzzfeed: ooh, imma try it!\n\nShane:  😮 imma try— fml
IM DYING THEIR THUMBNAIL🤣🤣🤣BUZZFEED WHOOO😤😤😤
but those aren’t skechers
“I’m gonna kool aid man into this fancy restaurant” bitch me
I'm gonna kool-aid man into this restaurant  lmao!!!!
Awww ❤ the valet dude was so happy and adorable I can't stop smiling he was just so happy to see you guys ❤
I'd watch this rather than Worth it
Wow I usually never listen to sponsorships but I'm definitely downloaded this.
Ok so we can't film in here so im gonna take my phone 😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭
I really liked the valet guys! Nice people.
i thought this was a buzzfeed video lmao
Looks pretty nasty to be honest.
What car have u got
I want Drew’s booth
I love how Drew’s fridge consists of pizza, condiments and drinks. Literally the whole fridge is empty.
that face at 0:00 is hilarius lol
with 1000$ shane can buy about half pound of truffle
1000$ 1000$..... THOUSAND DOLLARS!!!! For that pi..... LOL!
bitch I just went to Taco Bell after binge watching a ton of your tasting videos... I ordered the T9 crunch wrap combo and all I've ended up with is a belly full of disappointment
I like how shane said being boys, yet they're all QUEENS!
Can we talk about the fact that a bunch of celebrities go to that restaurant and the guy said he heard someone say welcome to the Illuminati??
Wait do think I'm Liza? Dude everyone knows Liza uploads on Thursdays now.
I love pizza so thought this might be great. 5 seconds in and no way can i put up with this shouty fella... Shame.\n\nLOUD NOISESSSSS
Your teeth are so white! 😄
I am very interested if the waitress was given a $200 tip for this 1 pizza. Anyone else curious?
lol-the ad i got was for mcd's chicken strips....
Can some of yous sup to my bros chanel it is gingehits cool get him to 10k
How sexual. 😍🍕
I love Drew!!
DREWWWWW
Nice but it’s very generic
Nice Vocal, nice melody, nice video ❤ \nGreat work! 🎶
AFROJAAAACCKKKKKK 🔥💥🔥💥🔥💥🔥💥
Afrojack on Armada!?!?
Afrojack on Armada??
Afrojack 💯💯💯💯💕💖
Enjoy this track guys!
Great work guys ❤️
Very cool track, I'm not so fan of this generic future house drop but the melody and Vassy's vocal in particular are amazing :)
Essa q é Vassi então!☺
Afrojack in armada , who cares as long he bring best music
One of the best tracks of 2017!
What a song! 🔥🔥👏
Afrojack_The King!
Afrojack!!\nLet's Go!!
I like the  chords much.
sounds an awful like CALVO :)
otto knows - can't stop drinking about you
A M E I
Tá show é a melhor vocalista do mundo ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
The piano is legit!!!
the quick if i had to get doesn't really fit but besides that its a fine track.
That piano feels out of beat...
I'm not sure why Afrojack is releasing on Armanda. But considering the other songs he has released they wouldn't fit on armanda very well. But I'm just happy this song exists.
Nahh ....... Future House isn't Afrojack at all ....
Look my new video in my channel help please
Afrojack, Dillon Francis , Borgeous on Armada ?what’s next Martin Garrix on Armada ?
beautiful video song was great
wow finally!!!what a great track!!!!
Me recuerda a los viejos tiempos :') Esencia pura.
where is afrojack :D
Hey Was Great But we never lost the vibe of it!! Great work Vassy & Afrojack and Oliver Rosa ofcourse!
Feels like summer while listing !!
This ! Is good track !
Esta hermosa la canción con un buen ritmo <3
Amazing.
Sign the petition NOW - Don't wait. Your vote may make all the difference! #MortalKombat #Chrome #MK https://www.change.org/p/netherrealm-studios-only-you-can-bring-this-new-character-to-life-help-give-birth-to-the-saviour-of-hinpar
new age for armada is started.
Afrojack ❤
Fantastic Vassy. The rest..meh...average
Vassy y afrojack los mejores
New Single!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FObKaXcGmlk&t=71s
hot
#ATeam BELGIUM
VASSY 🌶🌶🌶😋
*Benny Benassi STYLE... ✌*
🎧🎧
Ohooo...
i would change a little bit the drop, but is a good song anyway! i like the melody
❤
Afrojack The Best
Wow.....Strong voice
<3
Dope.
Afrojackkkkkkkkk
tremendo tema!!! genial!!
no me gustan los videos con logos
То чувство когда баба поющая выглядит как мужик а мужик на видео на бабу похож.
🙌🙌❤🔥🔥🔥
Afrojack❤🔥
Amaizing collab! VASSY x Afrojack = <3
VASSY IS A FUCKEN SINGER?
Great song 👍👍👍👍
Круто !)
🔥
No hay la opcion me encanta no? Buena Musica Un gusto haberte visto por Perú Afrojack (Y)vuelva pronto
que grande!!! afrojack and vassy sigan asi saludos desde argentina!!!
La música, lenguaje universal. - Music, universal language.
Swedish House Mafia vibe? anybody?
Μπραβο VASSY πολυ ωραιο κομματι
Afrojack is dutch so my reaction is gonna be dutch too. In Nederland zijn de dj's veel beter dan in De Verenigde Staten (veel succes met vertalen) (much luck with translating)
Uwielbiam takie kawałki i ten głos.. Vassy
Vassy's voice is simply made for EDM 😍👌
VASSY, you should sing more, your voice is awesome! Youre doing really well.
Vassy is really awesome cool vocal and we by Tiesto song same cool groove 💕💕💕💕💕✌️
Ten utwór jest mało ambitny, taki radiowy pop dla plebsu!
This song has me missing people I haven't even met before 😳 Loving the new tune 🔥🔥🤘
its meh
banda de latinoamerica y el mundo pasen a mi canal esta semana hay mucho drop
LIKE SI AFROJACK ES UN PVTO AMO
Am I the only one who thinks that the vocals of Vassy started at a weird point  of the instrumental? It just seemed off to me :/\n\nEdit: Also her timing right before the drop hits is weird to me.\n\nCorrect me if im wrong :P
Do a vid on the new IT
Wait they sinned the movie because her memories we're clearer while dreaming than when awake?....but isn't that a actual thing? Because y'know..... your subconscious and stuff...
You should do one on the Netflix movie The babysitter
I want to see Everything Wrong With Annabelle: Creation!
YouTube video sin guy thinks he knows EVERYTHING about movies.
Please do the it movie 🎈
5:31 - Discount Kristy McNichol ;-)
you have to do alllllll the fridays
Do you like any movie??
You should do the Netflix original the babysitter
You need to do everything wrong with CinemaSins part 2! Nobody is without sin, even you.
Shouldn’t this have been published on the 13th if the movies about Friday the 13th
Funny because I watched this yesterday. Before watching this.
Where is EWW Death Note? Seriously, that would compensate the time I wasted watching this shitty excuse of a movie.
You should make a video on The corps bride. (Yes,ANOTHER Tim Burton movie)
You should do The Babysitter (Netflix Original, 2017)
5:02 The pebble clearly hits her right cheek, yet she grabs her left. Trust me, I checked. +1 Sin!
cloth remember knee bet food child top future corporation.
Do everything wrong with the babysitter
Every thing with IT
By the way if you ever do the third one could you please bring up the news reports\nIf you listen closely to one of the news reports Jason apparently engaged in cannibalism and sexual mutilation \nI don't remember anything like that occurring in part 2 but then again we never did find out what happened to Paul so\nHOLY GINGERFUCK JESUS!
I would pay GOOD MONEY for Jeremy to  do the entire dance scene of this film with 50 Cent as the soundtrack!
Everything wrong with Jason takes Manhattan
no jason made a shack in the woods but when he fond his mother she was fighting alice than alicw chop of her head
*N*\n*I*\n*P*\n*P*\n*L*\n*E*\n*S*
Do Freddy vs Jason and also Wonder Woman!! Please!
i love the Swingers reference at the end.
Can you do Reign of Fire? As a kid I thought it was good, but now I see many fails.
Everything wrong with Baby Driver even though it's flawless.
Do a Everything wrong with Rambo  1, 2, 3 and 4
Can you do Everything Wrong With Mulan, Mulan 2
@7:52 he calls Paul Ted I’m sinning you Cinemasins *CinemaSins ding*
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH IT, PLEASE!!!
Do everything wrong with Cars 3
Hey Jeremy please watch this movie called The Possession of Michael King
This movie is shit
What do you think would happen if you somehow got Jason to respect you? Like, he knows you’re a force to be reckoned with and cannot be killed easily.
How to do a video that you call everything my mother did wrong by not having an abortion in 45 years or less and then make it about your pathetic lights?
9:31 he seems be speaking Nipple Morse Code but I don't know it XD
When will you do a video about it, if you were ever planning to.
*_EVERYTHING WRONG WITH HAPPY DEATH DAY!!!!_*
Do It\n\n\n\n\n\nI want to see you do like a hundred roll credits every time they say the word it
cant watch a single youtube video without ads anymore. fuckin shame.
Truth Or Dare
dead dog\nhotdog
Hocus Pocus Please 🙏🏼
Jason:FAKIN PaSS ON ME FLOOR BeITCH I JUST *falls of chair*\nGinnyDUM Abutt NOT MEH FAULT THAT RAT TRIED TO KILL MEH GET OUTA HE WITH YOO DeeM THRIFT STO CHAIRS *gets chainsaw*\nJason: OH SHIz NIjjA IM SRY IM SRY
Plz watch the series
Everything Wrong with Casper
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Do rush hour soon
BABY DRIVER.... PLEAAAAAAASEEEEE
Please do Pirates of the Caribbean  5!
The opening takes place in the town Crystal Lake. Alice has come back there to face her demons. They mention this in the phone call to her mother. So... Jason walked into town.\n\nThe whole sequence with Adrienne King was improvised. There was no script. She and Steve Miner just made it up on set. She didn't even know she was supposed to die until way late in the game. That's why it's a lot of even more happening... they just put the camera on Adrienne and let her be an actor.
Guys can you do Monty python and the holy grail?
He was living in the woods eating squirrels bruh
I wish I had 7.2 million subscribers!
Please do Wonder Woman. Even though its an amazing movie
Can you please do 'Everything wrong with Clowntergeist'? \nOh! And your videos are hella awesome, btw! Love every single one of them!
Everything Wrong With Meet The Robinsons
I will be great at Cinemasins after watching so many of your videos, now every time i watch a movie i keep searching for sins and with few minutes ding  .
All movie Friday the 13th
I know I say this every time, but I think this might be my fave Sins ep ever! LOL
Wtf I was wondering why I stopped getting your videos recommended turns out I was unsubscribed. The heck YouTube
Do Spiderman homecoming
Do Hacksaw Ridge pls
Do it
Do Halloween (1978) please!!!
Please do wonder woman
How about one for Bicentennial man?
Remove 1 sin for every nipple scene. Please. Soft-core porn was tough to come by in the early 80's.
Can you make one for sasauge party
Can you please sin The exorcists please?
How about a sin count for the possession?
Everything wrong with The Emoji Movie!!! (Emoji movie is trash)
just 10 more movies to go
About the knife angle. For a reverse grip, that is the correct thing to do. You want the edge up, so that if it does get torqued towards your forearm, all there is is the blunt side of the knife and no cutting yourself.
I love that you used a clip from Club Dread at the end there. Haha!
a location where no driver has ever sat in the history of cars\n\n[clears throat] Mclaren F1\n\n\n\nP.S. I get the joke though. That car is no mclaren.
My goal in life is to create a movie, and make onto cinma sins. That wouldt be an honor haha...
do What happened to Monday
PLEASE DO THE BREKFEAST CLUB, THE PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER AND BOYHOOD. COME OONNNN!
3:15 WOAH! o.0 that looks EXACTLY like my cat 0.o
This reviewer is awesome..I love this show especially when involving NIPPLES, NIPPLES AND MORE NIPPLES...oh and I wanted Ted to die immediately too 😂 😂
Please do Spiderman homecoming
Lmao
Make moreeeeee
I really f*ckin' hate Ted.  🤣🤣🤣🤣
Best CinemaSins yet,
Please do everything wrong with Coraline!!
Do part 3!
Pet Sematary. Loved that!
16:08 did you mean Cemetery…?
PLEASE DO SPIDERMAN HOMECOMING !!!!!!
https://youtu.be/xNddRhpx5tA?t=274 Slow-motion bouncing bewbz, you're welcome ;)
please do jeepers creepers 1 & 2 pleaseee
Do the 2009 remake.\n\nFucking... horrible.
Stab
16:20 oh you're definitely gonna watch part 3 otherwise there is something worse than Jason (Subscribers who force you to do a everything wrong with video)
can you make everything wrong with grave encounters 1 and 2
we love you MP
Without Eriksen Tottenham are nothing trust me. Any striker who plays week in week out will score plenty of goals for that team, maybe not as much as Kane but Eriksen just runs the game.
One can understand why, the players like him.. He is a very normal and clever guy on football..
Keep ArseAnal under keep Wenkar IN!
I love u please get more tottenham vids out!
Why is this on trending
Fuck you fuck boy.  Eminem is a shitty rapper, this rap was shit and you apparently are a litter box of a person.   Fucking tool
So many butt hurt Trump flakes in the comments
such a great song choice. i was thinking myself of what kind of beat would work under this freestyle, and you nailed it. ratm fits both musically and politically.
This is banging
Ahh, I smell the tears of Trumpflakes on the breeze.
Right now I want an Eminem rap-metal album
this gonna be the anthem  for the resistance
You convinced me that 2017 RATM need Em not Zack. lol
Eminem actually has a Zac De La Rocha flow on this
someone needs to create one of those campaigns to get this to number one.
Donny's bitches are salty about a freestyle by a reportedly irrelevant rapper.
You are still the best mash-upper od the world!
That was pretty great, Sir.
Why does this work so well?
it's honestly the perfect mashup. fuck the haters.
Fuck yeah!
I LOVE ❤️ this so much!! Once again thank you!! Incredible job. EMINEM AND RAGE ARE THE BOMB! SAYING DONALD THE BITCH FEELS SO GOOD I AM ADDICTED!! This trending why ARENT there more views maybe the RUSSIANS ARE HACKING THIS! THEY ARE TRYING TO STOP THE MOVEMENT WITH  45!! Just a guy feeling.
Holy shit this is amazing. Well fucking done.
This shit slaps
Killin it
Oooooh yeaaaaah!
When I first heard Eminem’s freestyle, I was like “Eh, that was okay I guess.” This mashup with Bulls On Parade enhanced by a million times. And I loved the quick Macho Man cameo.
This is such a smart mix. Loved it.
i luv u all, thanks o/
Awesome! A rarity that a mash up actually works!
Sounds a lot better than the new prophets of rage album
This is fucking great
This is fucking great!
love during the choruses you can hear faint glimpses of a zack de la rocha sound alike as backing vocals
I got banned 4 times from Facebook this year for talking shit to Trump fuckbois, it's almost as if they need a safespaces or something, fucking snowflakes.
This was uploaded on my birthday. Thanks for the amazing present, DJ Cummerbund!!!
Some billionaires know pretty well how to earn big money and fame easily with social anger. Easy money. I admire it.
That was fucking awesome. I don't know how you got Zack's voice to overlay with Em's but that was fantastic.
this is awesome work. although i dont agree with eminens rant...hes targeting the wrong person...its not trump, its the whole government system - trump is just the logo these next few years - but the work in this mashup is freaking excellent! well done
73 people can fuck thenselves along with drumph
Perfect ! Great job!
Bla bla bla
Rage is the best Eminem is nothing without rage. Rage is god, rage is life. Zach is god
This needs to be an MP3 so I blast this down the road driving
This is sick!!!!\nEminem and RATM doesn't get much better!\nThe resistance starts now!
FUCK YOU, I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME!
Trump yards get upset so easily like little  babies
Any way to download this?
This turned Em's trash ass cypher into hot fire. I disagree with what he said but I more disagree with people shouting it was great just because he shit talked Trump. Awesome job.
If only I had more likes to give. You’re absolutely killing it man. Great backing track for this powerful poetry.
This makes me wanna hear an actual Eminem and RATM collab album
In the words of the great macho man... ooooooohh yeaaaahhhh
People won't like you for this, I'm sure. Fuck them, this is great on every level.
Dj cummerbund can make shit a million times better than it exists, what are you doing?
Look guys, Trump and his supporters have it really rough right now, and I don't think it's fair to keep making fun of them.  Sure, they've made some mistakes: their entire party is being swarmed by white nationalists and neo-nazis, the Russian collusion investigation is gaining steam every day, Trump is constantly saying and doing things that are either hypocritically stupid or patently false, their healthcare has been sabotaged, they're mentally gearing up for Twitter-ignited war with North Korea, they're convinced a Muslim terrorist is hiding behind every corner, their country is constantly losing political clout with its allies, they've been inundated with both domestic and and foreign propaganda campaigns, they're being mocked by the entire world, and not a single thing has gone right for them since Hillary lost the election.  Not to mention the fact that Hillary still isn't in prison, the Wall still hasn't secured funding, the swamp is still full, the job market in rural America is still falling, the plan to defeat ISIS still hasn't materialized, and America still hasn't become any greater than is was last year.  Everything they've been promised has been a lie.\n\nWe should take pity on these poor, dumb souls who are so invested in the Trump presidency they would rather die in nuclear hellfire than admit their leader is not doing a good job.
great mix
This is amazing
This sounds fucking great
LOVE IT! 🤘
f* dope!
Shit mash up
damn great job!!!
epic!
Fantastic
fuckin amazing sync dammmmm
randy savage clap clap clap clap clap
On repeat! ❤️🤘
Man, this shit is FIIIRE
Oh yeah, trumps a bitch!
WOW!!
EMINEM NEEDS TO FRONT RAGE!  Tour FOR JUSTICE. This is incredibly epic and I am going to run right now five miles to this!!
FUCK YEAH!!!
BRILLIANT
just awesome! i love RatM
OMFG yes. God damn.
Yes dj cumberbund you da fire dj boiiii
Wow this is one of the best mashup songs I have ever heard!
I'm all for anti trump slogans, but fuck Eminem. Stop ruining one of my favourite bands for me. Fuck this made my ears bleed. Fucking awful shit!
Don't agree with Eminem's bullshit, but this mashup is awesome!
Omfg this is...\nCool?\nI disagree with his vid but this made it sound a little better M8
gay like eminem
Quit it now!
Fuck Eminem and whoever made this garbage.
Great job on mixing these, it's perfect !!!
How do I make a comment saying how awesome this is without getting death threats?
Eminem is still angry Hillary didn't win. Thank god.
Nope, still cringe. I thought you might have succeeded in making this cool, but I don’t think that is possible.
Wow you never see any anti trump stuff these days....How original and edgy yawn zzzzzzzz
You realize he was saying hate trump not hey trump?
Eminem’s freestyle was terrible.  But you did a good job making it sound good.  Angsty, pseudo-intellectual, leftist rapping goes well with a RATM backing track.
Yuck, it leaves a bad taste in my mouth
Great band with shitty rapper + shitty rapper with no band = Meh.  Never mind.  It still sucks.
Eminem really fucking sucks shitty rapper now he's going to follow everybody else because he's a sheep and plus he has no more rap rap music to make so he's got to make fun of trump like everybody else in the world cuz he's a sheep he's a a follower if I was Trump I would just leave  and leave other countries  destroy this country like North Korea. What why should I help the people of this country everybody hates them everybody disrespects their president and they don't know shit about him because half of the country is brainwashed.
who's collin?
Lol douche against the machine couldn't save those bars
As much as i want to like this, Eminem is a pussy bitch and this is super cringe
I cant believe you gave the slightest attention to this whack rappers whacker statement freestyle.
November 13! that's my 20th birthday! 😭😭😭💓💓💓💓
I honestly love all of these pieces but I'm sad to say that most of those don't come in my size. Your collection will do great but it would also do really well with plus sizes. I'd like to see more plus size options! Still, congrats on your new collab with missguided!! 💗  Loved every single item in this collection ❤️
She's so cute! Love her! Can't wait to buy these pieces ❤️
Amazing. Beautiful colors and fabrics. Everything may not be for me, but at least half  of everything is. Also, you get what you pay for with F21. While I love that store, you need to really take care of the clothes you buy there if you want them to last. I feel like these would last a tad bit longer. Much support and good vibes!
Can't wait to get my hands on some items! Who wants to be friends guys?!?!?
Congrats on the collection!! Pretty pieces! I am eyeing the sweaters and sweatpants!!
Carli, I'm so disappointed ☹ most of this stuff are items I can find at Forever 21. I was so looking forward to it but I'm not crazy about anything, especially the slouchy looks that I can't get in Downtown LA for $5. Nothing like all the good quality product you had for Spring. I'll probably buy 1 item. All the rest I hated 😭
all the prices you said in this video are not the same when I go to the website. why ??????????
All this stuff looks like Kim K knockoffs. It literally looks like everything on every instagram boutique. The rhinestone two piece she wore on the billboard was cute.
It's so amazing to see how much your brand/channel Has grown! I'm so excited for you beautiful 💖💖💖
This collection is so EXTRA and so me! I'm obssessed. Too bad I'm poor. And can't get any of it.
Confused. Are the prices online different from the prices in store or something? Bc Misguidedus.com didn't get this price memo lol. As I was going through this video I got excited bc the prices she says are pretty reasonable but the majority of these are so off. Like they're way more expensive online then what she says here sooooooo????
Love the shoes towards the end.
CONGRAGULATIONS!\n\nThe collection is stunning x
Your collection is so you😭😍😍. It’s gorgeous!! Once I get enough coins I will definitely invest in your collection! Good job babes!! 😇🎊❤️
I am so in love with your line Carli😍😍 Trying to purchase my items now hun but the prices are higher when in the cart. @carlibybel
Hi Carli, \nI loved your collection and was looking forward to purchasing couple items but the price point doesnt match when towards the end of the purchase. \nI am very interested in purchasing the Gold & Silver Rhinestone halter as priced for $45, but towards the end of the purchase it updates to $57. I have spoken with one of the customer representative and she says that she will not be able to price match and I was wondering if this was a glitch or was your price point mistaken. \nThank You <3 \n\nP.S. Anyone purchasing this item having similar problems?
I love every piece but the prices are ridiculous😑
What size are you wearing in the sweater dress?
Carli, everything in this collection is BOMB. my grandma was watching as well and said I wish I was young so I could wear beautiful clothes like that!  😂 You are only young once so now is the time to wear fun clothes like this! I can't afford this but my heart is bursting for you I'm so proud of you! A beautiful mix of casual and fun holiday stuff. Sending love from Vancouver BC XOXO
its her birthday today
I bought the navy two piece, I’m so excited for it to get here!!!!!
I want that Velvet dress so bad but I wish it could come in at least 2 more sizes up I'm way more comfortable buying things that are slightly baggy and not completely fitted and plus the size conversions to Australian gets me a bit worried...
Too expensive. I think the previous collection was better. The majority doesn’t look like fall to me. I like some of the pieces but the only pieces I can afford to buy and can wear are the joggers and the navy leggings which I’m not that crazy about. A lot are two pieces which are cute, but I’ll never wear the top. I know you can buy the top and bottom separately but I would’ve liked the option of a matching jacket or longer top that doesn’t show my stomach. I definitely like the mini pink and green dress from last collection better because I liked the high neck these look plain to me. I think my favorite pieces are the jeans jacket and the shoes but can’t afford to spend almost $100 on 1 item. Pretty sad I probably won’t be getting anything. Sorry Carli, love you!! Not trying to bash on you, just being honest on why I’m not fan of the collection so far. I’m definitely waiting to see the rest of the collection. Again this is just my opinion, everyone else seems to love it otherwise:)
I definitely need that denim jacket! It sold out before I could get my hands on it.
Wow your prices went up real fast !!!\nWay to make money !!!\nPrices started today one thing and went up yo another !\nDisappointed with missguided scaming us
Can we talk about her last snap ??? Where is her bf
Hi Carli! I love you and I'm so excited for your clothing line! I went on today to buy the plum joggers, and the price is jumping from $35 to $48 when I add them to the cart. I'm not sure what is going on. Has anyone else had this problem?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY lol
THAT JUMPSUIT THOUGH!
♥️ all pieces
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Stunning 😍❤️❤️❤️
Carliiiii you make our girls hearts melted❤️😍😍
Happy birthday carli! 🖤
https://youtu.be/-SYmebFEhzQ
Maybe carli bybel and khloe kardashian were switched at birth
Is she serious with that nude matching pants and bandeau top?!?!?!?!! Didn’t she post a picture somewhere of the top RIPPING or am I imagining that?!
I'm so sad my birthday is this Friday and I was looking for this sparkly dresss exactly!! I'm so sad !!
Just been on the miss guided website to order and it's not available yet 😧 does anyone know the correct launch date for the UK? I thought it was today 😖😰
Literally love all of it... shame my card wont! xxx
Dont intend to sound mean, but what procedures did she undergo? Her body looks different... \nsome pieces of the collection are kinda cool, too bad i cant get em shipped to where i live🙄
I don’t have the confidence or the curves to rock most of these items but damn I just watched the whole thing hahahaha
Please come up with a new makeup pallet...😚😚😚😚😚
bout to be broke
I’m going to be broke spending every dime on this collection 😭😍
Ily so much & I'm so proud of you! It's all gorgeous <3xx
i would love to see how you would wear all of this.
Congrats. Beautiful ❤️❤️❤️❤️. \nQuestion. How do you remove make up on clothes n hats??????????     ???????\nMaybe a helpful hint video???😃😃😃😃😜😜😜😜😜😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😗😗😗🤓😎😎😎
Happy birthday, chika! So glad to hear about your collection drop!! <3 And congrats on the NY Times billboard, that's amazing!
Even tackier version of a Kartrashian 🤢
Pleaseeeeeee tell me there is going to be a second droppppp 😫😫😫
Where do they get those racks from! I need some good ones
Hi, just thought I would share a little story with you lovely people. My girlfriend and I were laying here in bed when she asked me to pick out some eyelashes that I think would suit her, she then proceeded to point out the ones that she wants my opinion on and we came across a particular eyelash which I said to her that they looked like someone jizzed on them and tried to wipe the jizz out (they looked like shit). \n\nAfter my comment above my girlfriend quickly jumped up and grabbed her phone yelling “oh shit, that reminds me Carli Bybel is realising a new product today”......\n\nI’m curious as to what my girlfriend has been watching from this girl which would make her match up jizz and new products?
Just bought from your collection!!!! Cannot wait
I wish that I had her body to wear these outfits. The collections is stunning!
Just placed my order! 🎉😊 Couldn't buy the jean jacket though because they took it out of my cart while I was paying (kind of upsetting), I hope you guys have a restock 🙈👍💪🏻😊
Does anyone know what time today????
This collection is insane!😻
I don't even know if I'm a size 0 or 2 dang it 😭
Where is Brett... miss your videos together
Happy bday!!! Have a good day!
Well...the hats would fit me! 😁 It's a beautiful collection Carli, congrats! I have your eyeshadow palette and love it!
Please do a video on how you conceal your boobs! Especially will all those bandeaus
Happy birthday, writing this on Tuesday October 17 lol
Someone hit up @AmberScholl for the cheap dupe DIYs 😅👌
When you’re too big to buy anything. 🙃💔
I just dropped so much money on this line 😅
Why are like half of the pieces not on the site!????? :((((((
This clothing line motivates me to shed my post baby weight. I just gave birth to triplets so I went from a size 2 pre pregnancy to a size 14/16 post baby. Will be purchasing a few things once I’m satisfied with the weight loss
Thank you for making some of them in bigger sizes. Especially the mauve cargo trousers omg
you look amazing! love the collection 💕
They definitely look better on Carli and on the hanger than on the model they chose on Missguided’s website. I am more shaped like that model wearing her clothes on the site and I didn’t love the items as much based on how they looked on her so I didn’t get all the items I planned on buying because of that. Since there wasn’t a try on in this video by anyone slimmer. Got a good amount tho. For next months collection Carli, maybe you can have your friends with different size ranges try on your holiday collection? Gives a better perspective on video than still photo 🙃☺️🐧 Love youuu ❣️
It's odd that I chose today to actually take the time to sit down and watch this video because I was notified the moment you uploaded the video but I knew it was a long one and I haven't had the time to fit watching it in my schedule until now. Which is the day of your birthday  and the day of the launch ! So Happy Birthday My Luv , congrats and I will by buying SO MANY items. I cant wait to order like everything ! xoxo
It’s all so pretty but I have a gut I can’t wear none of this lmao
CONGRATULATIONS CARLI!!!!!!!!! You look so pretty 😘 and your clothing line is absolutely to die for!! So proud of you!! “You go glen coco”lol 👏🏼👏🏼💕 \n\nOmg and the very first piece you showed I AM GETTING!! it totally reminds me of the 90s club scene I’m in loveeeeeeee 😻😻😻😻
I love love love my Carli but I live in super cold hardcore snow washington & I can't wear any of these pieces rn unless I layer a huge jacket on them but then you can't see the clothing piece :((
I love all the pieces, my favorite would have to be that denim jacket! My birthday is on your second release date 😄
Those pants are not silk but sateen. Sateen is cheaper version and it belong to polyester family , while silk is top grade quality material which i doubted would be part of that collection. Biggest miss for me is materials, theres nothing made of beautiful breathable fabrics such as cotton, pure silk, linen..
Your hair looks so beautiful! Can we get a hair care video and how you take care of such long hair!
The quality looks great! Can't wait 😬
When are the booties dropping??
Hi Cairl! In the second launch will you have the navy stripe slinky bralette back? In a size 0?! It was sold out by the time I went on at 9am 😔 love you! 💕
help for the poor Who wants to help here is my card: 4169 5853 4775 7204
These aren't fall/winter pieces maybe I'll like something in the part two.
The dress that you are wearing is not in the sale collection 😔
She used to be so beautiful and natural. Now she looks like a bad Kardashian copycat. How sad you american ladies are looking up at those Kardashians as a role models.
So excited to order today
The only things i can afford are the chokers #brokepeopleproblems 😂
https://youtu.be/6lhhEvfSaSA
No plus sizes 😞
sexy tits
😍😍
You truly deserve this
Congratulations
so excited
YASSSSSSSSSSS IM OBSESSED
When she says 0-12 😅😭
😍😍😍 https://goo.gl/vP4gPp😘😘
was gutted when you didn't try the urban outfitters dress on :(
I LOVE your makeup! Minimal face makeup and eyes and a bolder lip. Very different than a lot of looks that you rock, but it's perfect and I want to try it!
Really digging the minimal makeup and that you can see some of your beautiful freckles more! Love the vid as always Helen!
Do you ever shop in Pull & Bear? I just imagine a lot of the stuff being things you'd wear!
Just wanted to comment on how stunning you're looking in this video! xo
I can’t find a good pair of jeans anywhere!! I’ve tired topshop Jamie jeans (last 6 months) tried new look (sizing is so bad), asos again sizing issues (always falling down) superdry jeans (too pricey & fake pockets) so any suggestions I’m open too XD.  #help!!!
Helen you look stunning in white! 😊
That pink jacket screams Dolores Umbridge 😂 but I love it
Those shoooeees!!!!! 😍  And I love the toned down makeup look!
Loving the simpler make up on you ..so pretty
I've just found you through Megan and I'm SO CHUFFED! You're wonderful! New fan :)
I love your hair with that bow it looks soo cute!
Why didn't she try on the dress?  I wanted to see it :(
Hi Helen ! In what size did you buy the yellow jumper from Zara? Just asking for reference, I like my jumpers to be oversized but not too much 😅😊
Oh my gosh you are soooooooo beautiful ... I love the no makeup look and your hair are on point  🤘💗🎀
you look sooo beautiful! love the minimal makeup look on you!! 🤗💕
looooved your hair and makeup in this video helen! x
Where are your pants from ? The ones with the cow print ? 😊
I don’t know why Helen, but you are one of my favorite youtubers! You are always so happy.. I love your editing... the colors.. the music and ofcourse your style! You are just so cool :D
Primark have jumpers almost the exact same as the one around 5 mins, it's chenille! Th only difference is the neckline
Eeee I have that white jumper with the fluffy sleeves and I adoooree it!! It's so nice on and super comfy 🖤
You look so young and fresh in this video! Would love to see an updated skincare routine, your skin looks amazeballs.
I love the lipstick you're wearing in the cut away!!!!
OMG YOUR MAKE UP LOOKS STUNNING! love love love it!
You have the most beautiful facial bone structure! ❤️ kisses!
Can you consider signing up and selling on Depop please!? LOVE most pieces you wear.
You are literally the girl in me before you. You look and sound the exact same
I dont want to say that i like you way more without much eye makeup or in general makeup, but you LOOK SO GOOD and fresh without heavy makeup! It looks so natural and ..just great! :)
Crazy I never noticed your eye colour before! Must be your makeup today -  😍
You look AMAZING in everything 😍😍😍
That white jumper from Zara looks\namazing on you! Reminds me of Christmas!!!
LOVING LOVING LOVING you in minimal makeup you look so fresh and Parisian!
Makeup looking lovely! Few things will be seeking out this weekend. It's Prince of Wales check, rather than dogtooth or herringbone x
Omg you look so pretty with minimal makeup!!!! ❤
You are so beautiful Helen x
Loveing the makeup! You have beautifull skin and don't need foundation :D
I love the way you manage to make everyday or more casual outfits look really interesting and glam. You have the best style :)
everything about you is perffffff xx
You are so beautiful. Your lashes are just INCREDIBLE.
Just wanna say how much I love your videos and the effort you put into each of them. Got a little bummed when I didn’t seen “try on” in the title, but alas! You tried things on (I hate when hauls aren’t try ons, you don’t know what things look like!) You never disappoint.
OMG, babez, you look so cute today! What is that lipstick you're wearing in the try ons? It looks so beautiful on you! Pls let me know! xx
Always find it weird  I see stuff I already own in hauls
ahhhh I’m trying to save money😩😩😩😩😩
Where's the jumper ur wearing from? It's amazing
This could've potentially been a very expensive video for me to watch, if I didn't have to shop in the girls/teen section of every store! 😂😂😂
That top at the end went with everything you put on! Love it 😍
Actually loving the lighter makeup on you, looks so fresh! And that white jumper from Zara wowza! XX
@Helen if you want to revive your old face jeans you can buy some dylon dye that you put in the washer, worked a dream for me! hope this helps!!<3
i looove the lace up kinda jeans so much!!
As soon as you said that you’ll love this jumper I knew which one it was before it came up, saw it the other day and fell in love 😍😍😍
On the white boots, the right foot has a stud missing.. unsure if you noticed?! 💗💗
I love the fluffy sleeves from Zara - such a statement piece :) xx
I bought a mustard jumper just like that yesterday but in Primark, fucking LOVE it!! So warm and incredibly soft 😍 \nLove, love, love your sense of style! 💞 xx
The v neck on the rusty/mustardy jumper looked really flattering on you, Helen! Really lovely. Love your hauls :) x
Your pink coat YES I'M IN LOVE
You didn't show us you in the yellow dress!!
I absolutely love how mustard colored clothes look with your purple hair 😍
Love love love that you have your own style and that you aren't like all the other you tubers that are carbon copy's of each other. So refreshing 💕💕
Those bright pink trousers look so good on you! I'm loving everything you've gotten in this haul 😊 x
The slight rumbling makes me think of paranormal activity when the bass comes up when crazy shit is about to happen
They do the coat in grey as well - bought it a few weeks ago it's amazing!!
You look so lovely and fresh without lots of eye make up!
You look AMAZING in the cutaways!! I don't know if it's your make up or weight loss but your face just looks incredible, and obvs just love this video because what's not to love 🤙
Hel you look so cute and fresh faced in the cutaways where you’re trying the stuff on!
Love your style Helen- so fun which is what fashion should be !
looking so cute with this make up 😍😍 great video Helen 😊❤❤
On the white boots there is a big stud missing ( right side of the screen)
Helen, how do you like the UO top? I've been eyeing it forever and am on the fence about buying it because I'm plus size so I don't know how well it'd fit me.
Do a video with all your favourite new looks!
The fact that I can kinda hear the music but not really is making me crazy
I love this makeup!!!! Like the minimal eye and brighter cheek makes you look like a beautiful doll!!!! Love u <3
You just ooze beauty and are so stunning ☺️ I genuinely dig your whole aesthetic ❤️❤️
I love white boots! I have a pair of white platform ankle boots with a three inch heel, the entire thing made me five inches taller! I wore them to death though and I think they only have about two wears left before they really fall apart!
I was watching this intro thinking what have u done different your makeup looks so good and fresh!! Then u said u had hearsay any on 😱 man I wish I looked fresh with no makeup lol
Can we just talk about how everything fits her perfectly?
Miss Helen I think you need some Freddie's of Pinewood in your life and Vivian of Halloway
That's a Helen coat 🍉💜 Love the whole haul. Xoxo
Helen where is your jumper from?? I lurvvvv it xx
Oo I really like those lace-up trousers and that coat!
Always do but love your make up so much in this video!
rust...mustard....rustard...
Rusty Mustard, Rustard
lol, the outro music!
People watch videos about people buying clothes? Wow.
<------loves pinkelephantday
those trousers from miss selfridge are beautiful :o
You look great
That coat 😍😍
The jeans with the eyelets looking fricking amazing!!
Prefer you makeup here
The 'rusty mustard' jumper material is called chenille 😘
OMG! Finally I found a liverpool youtuber! 👏👏👍
I love your videos especially the hauls.. I love hearing you describe items hahaha, rustardy mustardy :)
The material is called cheneille I think ? So incredible in jumper form and doesn't get bobbly !
Haha love you girl your lipstick missing in the corner and mascara  all over your eyelid.  No fucks given
I love your style! ❤❤❤
Loved this? Where’s the cute blue tie up top from? xoxo
I am seriously considering a full on genderbending dragqueen lifestyle when I see half the clothes you buy and wear. Like that floral mustard dress, good lord, I'd be living my Janis Joplin at Woodstock-dream 24/7!
Pray the rosary everyday and quit the vanities of the world, because the world is passing away and the life of the soul is what is everlasting
Ok I'm going to say it as a female....Anna's boobs look great. As well as her hair.
The Rumors that Anna had plastic surgery is bullsh**.  \n\nPeople will do anything to tear down Anna and Jonathan.  Anna is a natural beauty but people can’t believe it.  \n\nThe fact that the Sacconejoly are so drop dead gorgeous family intimidates people.   \n\nPeople need to look deep down inside them-self to wonder what is wrong with them.
okay
U look beautiful
You are so gorgeous Anna, I love to see your vlog🤗😘
I have missed these so much!\nYour answer for the messy home I literally re-watched twice...I have three young children & completely relate to that. THANK YOU so much for that.
Great video. Loved it
love you so much!! how about an updated grocery haul?
Glad your back, you are a great inspiration
So glad you've found yourself again. Be comfortable in your own skin Anna because you truly are an inspiration to others. Keep up the brilliant work as a human and a mother x
who is this beauty trending on Youtube???Who is this milk of magnesia? What does she want with me?
I just want to thank you and Jonathan for choosing to document so much of your lives with us. I cannot express the love and joy you bring to me and all your fans every single day. You are just so raw and real it's refreshing. I hope more people become like you, don't listen to haters there just the scum of the earth. Little low lifes who want nothing more than to be where you are xx
Anna your eye makeup looks so nice xxxx
Please do a video on how you're not going to do videos any more. That would be great.
I totally agree with not worrying so much about having the house neat and spotless and worry about spending time with my daughters.
You are so pretty and I wish I could meet you and the others ❤
Who is the youngest viewer
How cool would it be if Jonathan would let the camera film Emilia and Edouardo interacting with Alessia when they know you're not watching them.\nLove u guys<3
😂😂 omg your response to plastic surgery, “we daily vlog” like hello people, she couldn’t hide facial surgery if she’s vlogging everyday. Haha! You look beautiful, so proud of you being so real and honest
Your long hair makes you look so much younger omg !!!!
Crazy to think Anna is only 3 years older than me and she’s got her whole life sorted out. I don’t even have a boyfriend/husband 😭😂
You look stunning Anna 😀
Love this video <3
Omg you want a 4th baby?? 😍❤️
really love your hair here!
Let me be your 400th dislike...
Annnaaaa! So nice to have an update. Ignore the silliness of people talking about you having had 'work'. They are just in disbelief that you are such a beautiful woman. Keep on doing you. Watching you guys from here in Uganda. Have a lovely week xoxoxo
Hello Anna! Have you ever heard the name Audra? We chose that name for our first girl and just love it. Thought of you when you were talking about A names. Plus you can really use a tongue roll with it. Haha.
Did she say: she has 3 and wants another.😭\n👧👴👶👶
You really looks stunning, looks so happy and amazing! 😍 I have never thought about this before but you look like Jennifer Lopez, love love love your hairstyle and the color 😍 keep up the good work Anna! ☺️💕 love from Sweden
What's this channel all about?? Kids?? 🤔😁
Going to show this video to my hairdresser cause I need this hair color!!! Its beautiful!
Who cares
Are this the person True geordie is talkin about
I love you so much Anna, you are incredible 💗so beautiful 💕✨🌸☁️💗xoxo
Your whole bit about how you deal w keeping a tidy home made me cry 😢 thank you! That is such a good way to look at/deal with it 💞💞💞💞 xoxo
Anna, you’re so beautiful, I’ve been following you for 5yrs now and you get better with age x
Anna and I are literally the same person 😊♥️
A lovely video Anna I really enjoyed watching it :):) :):)
Wow u look so much like j lo there
Wait, Anna's only 29?!  Huh!
I'm half Italian and my siblings and I all have French names! So does my mum!
You start to look like JLO 😊
Your eye makeup is stunning !😍x
I love the name Alessia :)
Rumours?! Clearly I’ve been blind to everything...
Francesca is my middle name. Also a family name. ❤️
Does anyone know the song at the end?
Anna, you are just gorgeous, and so sweet and real--so happy for you and your sweet family!!  💕 Lisa
Do you walk all the dogs at the same time? Id like to see that in a vlog :D
I love your hair in this video! You look stunning xx
Anna, thanks for sharing your Q&A! I always enjoy your chats. The story about Emilia and Eduardo was so funny. 😃 Never a dull moment with kids! BTW, you look so beautiful, and I love your hair! 💖💖
U have a brother? Never saw him
I think people think you have had plastic surgery because you look so different from when you guys first started vlogging. Your makeup is drastically different, the dark eye color and orange hair made you look older. People change, you can change your makeup and hair color and look completly different.
can anyone tell me how to open up description/info box on desktop with the new YT interface? :(
Aw Anna! You're such a lovely lady! I love watching your videos!!
I love that your doing 3 videos a week. Missed you Anna
Are you going to show your Fall/ Halloween decorations? I always like to see these.
Anna you are a RAY OF LIGHT! <3
Keep it up, Anna! I love your hair, you look beautiful!
Filled with so much gratitude that you are back to uploading AND blogging! <3
Your foundation looks amazing! What foundation is it?
Anna your hair looks incredible😍
She has a bit of a irish accent am i right??
Hi Anna, thanks for sharing a little tidbit of yourself. I wonder what Emelia & Eduardo’s newest adventure code will be..lol.. Just wait till they get Alessia involved when she grows up..lolI don’t have Snapchat or Instagram so thanks for sharing this vlog. You&your family are lovely. Take care & see ya : )
Girl, you look so gorgeous! Like a greek goddess! Is it creepy if I say your curves look fabulous?
Seeing her childern with that pout I believe she has not done any lip job 😘😍
You have Grown into Such a Wonderful Lady.. So many Changes Anna, in you Attitude and Really matured beautifully.,💖💖
Could you PLEASE share some insights on having a family in the spotlight, like especially because you are mainly social media based. How do you protect them? Do you get threats? Could you be real about your struggles? For all the moms thinking about blogging but torn about how much exposure to give their children? Any advise?
Would love you to do a skin care and/or hair care routine video!!
I’m i the only one who thinks she looks like Jennifer Lopez?
I think people forget that Anna is still only 29 and also is natural beautiful. Not every body needs or wants Botox!
Literally made me feel 100 times better today. I have two kids one is a month old and the other 3 and she has the worse cold. No washing done and no cleaning I feel so guilty but seeing this made me feel so much better
You're so sweet, Anna :-)
Love this video so much😍😍Well done Anna😘😘
Hi Anna so glad u came back and you don't have to explain yourself to us and love u see u guys in Glasgow
👍So happy your back Anna😗
When you're so pretty they think you've had plastic surgery.
That earring story was SO funny! My girls were 3 years apart and they used to scheme. But more often, my littler one would prank or mess with my older one.
You look so pretty Anna! I do think you look younger but I think it's from the kids being around you have so much more energy!
YAY
Tits
Oh pls stfup 😴
Halloween 🎃 House Tour?😍
U look beautiful
Great video x
love your video anna
You are stunning
Rock On !!!!!!!
The earrings trap story was the funniest!! 😂 looking gorgeous Anna 💕
You're so stunning Anna!
So gorgeous Anna😘X
Looking at the bottom half of the video
I think it is a bit unfair how all their names are to do with Anna's side of the family but not Jonathan's
Alessia sounds like a name my 4 year old would make up during playtime.
How do u afford 3 kids while UK is so expensive and you want a fourth one hehehehehehe
No cos you said we only film a few bits a day. Your cheeks are huge . Liar
Had no idea Anna had a brother?!
Funny how when you talk about plastic surgery you say you didn't get your lips filled or Botox but you don't talk about the things you DID get done because that would be outright lying.  Anyone who used to know you (wink wink) knows you got your nose and your boobs done.
you look 40.
Dont play Cahill for Ffs i said in my line u play C.Ap A.c Rud \nPlay david in mid we were so rubbish its unbelievable honest why did we not keep the ball bats had his chance i would have played Ped from the starts instead of William our team needs to do some much hard core training we playes a team that have a game since the start . The 2nd goal wtf wtf wtf come on he runs past u and score . Please we need to play A.C Rud at the bk . We have serious need of players . Simple
think we should concentrate on europe, man city are looking on another level this year.....
Michy isn't a premiership player we are playing as a mid table side
Bakayoko was the best player. Michy was the worst. And there were some people who said they prefered that formation over the false 9...
Just a shit day. Big players like Hazard, Azpi who are consistently brilliant were completely out of it today. It's clear to see why Michy isn't rated by Conte. We've got Tammy banging them in for Swansea, infinitely better than Michy who imo plays better with a second striker. No Kante, no Drinkwater, no Morata, Moses goes off, just a shit day. Happens. Conte should rotate? With what?\n Hasn't got the players or quality to rotate. We move on and we put it right asap. COME ON CHELSEA!
Sophie here! Apologies I meant David Luiz back from suspension not injury! Besides this, I do feel our title hopes are unfortunately over. Our rivals are displaying much better performances. Thoughts??
Things that went wrong for me. Willan ,Alonso,michy. No quality in backup. Board didn't back Conte he was calling for it all summer. Probably a cup top 8 or top 4 in champions league and see pep take the league when we could have build on a winning season
Hazard is not a world class player..
Stunning Sophie would love to tie you to that bed and do torturous things to you~ \n\nOut title race is over, Hazard will leave for Madrid because of Willian's wankstain ability.\n\nCahil still starts, Christiensen dropped for no reason. \n\nConte still the stubborn old bag he is. Michi needs to fuck off the Twitter merchant cunt.
I noticed on a football stream the commentator mention that we are at the exact  same stage for points, goals, etc as we were at exactly the same stage as last season. Interesting...
Its not the end of the season just yet and just like last season chelsea will start winning their games and get more points 2 win the league . 4 this season , I think Chelsea might become first and do what they did last season
The Kante rumour was meant to trigger you guys. Kante wouldn't get in to that PSG midfield.
I can definitely see you Sophie 💦💦
This always happens with Chelsea. Those who run the club run it like a business so they do not invest to maintain the momentum. The root problem is at the top with the board who in turn have to do what the Russian Oligarch says. The incompetence at board level is breath-taking. They do not get behind the manager at Chelsea by investing. You can win the Champions League or the title at Chelsea and still get the sack....that is a dictatorship that demands success yesterday. And yet despite being a business rather than a football club, they can't even run a frigging business properly. The Mancs and the North London lot must be having a right laugh. Mourinho must be so very relieved to have moved on from this Chelsea board. They want success quickly that's why the youth team will never get established in the first team. It gets so very weary and exasperating supporting Chelsea which I have done for nearly 50 years. I knew of the 31 August deadline day that the inexcusable indifference of the Chelsea board to reward Conte for the title was a sign that the lack of depth would mean yet another exasperating season after winning the title. No loyalty to managers from the board, no heart, no steel, no true leaders. And to think some people think they will have a right good go at the Champions League.... It's helpful to not hope too much from Chelsea and why? Because they NEVER LEARN from their mistakes. In the real world those board members would have been sacked long ago. But not at a Business run farce like farce like this lot.  Have something else substantial in your life apart from Chelsea Sophie is my advice.
I want to be with you in your flat Sophie
Sophie babes I wish u was mine so peng 😍❤️
its about time tammy abraham next season should be first team regular next year man on form in swansea he should play with alvaro mrata week in week out charly musonda shold be given more time
As a city fan I was felling like this when we lost at Leicester and Everton so really Chelsea fans welcome to reality I'm enjoying heaven with city. Secondly best was fabregas and worst Mr invisible hazard
Not only were Chelsea the first team to concede to the one of the worst premier league teams ever (not scoring for 7 games straight, losing all) but they also lost to that team.\n\nWow....
You  are better pundit than some at Sky sports, keep it up . Chelsea will come back
batshuay out. call Tammy Abraham, Even if he is not going to score but he has good movement than Batshuay. I hate Batshuay
Michy isn't as good as other strikers. He doesn't make runs or give defenders a hard time. It was his time to shine but he never. Now I understand why conte doesn't rate him. Just a shitty day but I hope we bounce back against Roma.
the problem with chelsea is your overconfident conte prick! you shouldnt change your winning comibination be it any sport! the guy let costa, matic leave who were key players for you the last time so it shouldnt be a shock to you!
Conte didn't even  commit long-term to Chelsea and he was allowed to get away with offloading Costa, our top goal scorer, one of the best in the PL. Now we're seeing the effect of that. Chelsea is done for now and the next 2 years, we won't win anything. Conte will not attract any top player with this attitude.
Bakayoko and fabregas were the only players showing any real passion but weren't good enough like the rest of the squad. Cahill needs to be dropped completely we have 2 centre backs on the bench who are better and have passion. Willian isn't the same player he used to be which is a concern as he has been so good in the past. Zappacosta looked good when he came on. If we are that desperate for a striker then we should recall Abraham? He needs to work alongside people like Morata to show quality. Simply not good enough.
i don't think you can retain your title. top four/cup is the best for you, but even if conte is not at fault, he would get the sack if he doesn't do much this season. that said, he IS at fault for you lot, sicne he's got shit tactically wrong.
If we still have Costa and Matic in that match .............
Best performance was Cahill , worst was azpilicueta , all the rest were awful
Conte of late is making a habit picking the wrong squad....cahill,willian keep strolling into the team when they are clearly out of form.....rudiger,pedro,christinsen keep warming the bench...why??something is going on behind the scenes and conte needs to sort out the issue.
Conte needs to just fucking get over it. work with what u got. we still have enough in our squad to beat a shit side like Palace. He needs to get he head in it because he is obviously distracted by something.
Can someone tell this chick that its not about the selection its about the whole team... We needed reinforcements in the summer.. Maybe Cahil shouldn't start but having Willian and Alonso with no replacement... Michy aint a  footballer!! \nAnyone that thinks Michy is by any chance better than Arsenal's Yaya Sanogo then you're deluded!!!\nI don't know why i'm commenting here...fuck this shit hahaha!
I think Tammy Abraham is better than Michy. 4 Epl goals in 5 game is absolutely good talent.  We need to back him because off we need him.
Babe shows us some cleavage when Chelsea looses as it will at least help a bit
Oh Conte's a little bit rubbish now.. Just go do one Sophie ffs
we'll be okay against Roma
Unless Man City do an Arsenal and crumble spectacularly towards end of season, then the title is surely theirs.. This Chelsea squad isn't as good as last years. Sell Matic get Drinkwater?! Transfer window was a joke, Morata is good but he's just one player. We're gonna be fighting for a top four place for sure!\nStill early days, gonna reserve full judgement until around November. Echo other comments would like top four finish with stronger emphasis on Champs league.
Please popularise this comment to conte. Some improvements: buy aubameyang to play him up front with Morata. Also, get Sanchez. His skill works amazing with hazard and pedro and Willian. Imagine that. Sanchez. Aubameyang. We have the money! Cmon conte!!!!!
Yeah, concentrate on CL That'll help.......
Can u dress like u did in soccer am
Well firstly Rory never has a clue! Didn’t see the match today first one missed in ages , I do agree we won’t win the league. Man City will easily but we should try and at least push for 2nd or 3rd
We need Jamie Vardy pay the 40 or 50m
Got a phone number ?
It’s funny coz I was getting clothes for my holiday and there was a palace supporter severing me and I was like I think palace will win as a joke and he was like nah Chelsea will smash us and here we, I was right even though I didn’t want to be 😂
Drinking water,)\nToday in Liverpool vs man United\n one  player\n he looks like a big STARS on the making.. unbelievable \n.. 11..⏳👌👏
Batshuayi looses the ball so easily, he just can't hold up the ball. On top of that many players underperformed today ( don't want to pin point them ). Yes after this game the title hopes are realistically over, unless we pull off something great.
really dislike michy as a player
4 min in and your analysis is....what is it exactly? You are not consistent and you are too emotional. I will chalk it up to thinking with you heart. \n\nGive credit to Palace and the position they were in. They don’t want to break the record for worst start to a season. Zaha has always given us problems and was running riot on Cahill and Alonso. Townsend and C are quality and the ball and luck was with them. \n\nChelsea was looking forward to midweek obviously. The analysis is quite easy for an educated footballer/supporter. I know you have it in you. \nI recommend writing up some outline notes and maybe watch highlights to refresh you memory. I support  you and your Channel and I love you as a fellow fan...and of course dem tig-o-bittties heheh 😏\n\n#COYB
Hellooo gorgeous, u look healthier than the previous video..I think baka n ces should not play together.. agree w/ u Rudi, Andreas n Azpi as the back three.. and why Willian Conte????
I want to see only two things this season, and you know it...
Sophie is class,speaks a lot of sense. - Manchester Utd fan.
Fabregas was world class that match, it's a shame he was the only one who was half decent though. Even Bakayoko was average because, apart from his goal, his performance was sub par. I still have faith in Conte to bring us back into the title race however. COYB
You just got beat by the *CRYSTAL PALACE* football club, formed in *1861* then founded in *1905*
This season is all about the Champions League. If we finished 4th, that would be fine considering our injuries and lack of depth for now. Roman is all about the CL and unless we take points from Roma, it's going to be ugly. If we don't make the round of 16, the season may be the Mourinho year we didn't think possible. Would back-to-back losses to Roma be the end of Conte? He looked pretty angry in the post-match press conference. Too bad there's not an October window.\n\nMitchy showed what no one is willing to say, and that is he doesn't actually create anything and he's scored his goals almost accidentally. Better as a sub when nothing else is working. I wasn't surprised to see Musonda. I expect to see him play v. Roma, even if Conte says Morata will play.
You are going to be very happy I suppose when Conte leaves !! Mitchy suuuuuucksssss
I hope you manage to decipher that I am a real Chelsea Fan amongst the idiots in this comments section, born and raised Chelsea Wharf and Worlds End.\n\n1.What's the big crisis? We lost to the current premiership leaders 1-0, and lets be honest they have been killing all the competition 4-0, 5-0, 7-0 etc.\n\n2. Palace away , who lets not forget are great going forward.\n\n3.A depleted squad with an own goal to boot.\n\n4.INTERNATIONAL duty meant players got injured and fatigued.\n\nCmon you Blues!!
Everyone was just bad, no one did any good.....
I've seen your tits😳
Embarrassing...nothing more to say.
Llorente didn't want to join Chelsea, prefered Tottenham anyway.
Highlights | Live Match Review?
😍😘😗😙😑
Bring back Tammy, play Christensen, Rudiger, Azpi! :(
Hazard was terrible
who's zara?
except bakayoko nobody was good without kante
Best - Zappacosta Worst - Luiz
You missed MATIC !
Fuck u guys
Poor game
Title hopes are gone :(
Tammy Abrahams to be recalled?
bring back tammy ffs
Ur so beautiful baby girl
I fking called it.. if rorey stops doing those 5 reasons that we smash crystal palace and such bullshit and jinx the damn team always against these minnows it would be appreciated. lol
The Atletico was one of my favourite performances ever from us, we actually attacked. City was back to normal, just trying to sit back and defend, and a poor team choice from Conte, then this game was just embarrassing, we had players missing but still.
can we play you every week......and didnt we beat you last season......get over it
Now you see why Michi should not start.
I tried to troll Chelsea but then realize we have just lost 2-1 to  Watford
Truth. Conte is rigid. Christensen can play on the LCB.\nTruth. Trust a woman's intuition, Rory. Your positivity is on plastic levels.\n\nBest performance is Cesc. Worst is the whole team.\n\nNo chance of League. Don't dream of Cups (except Sophie's). Conte's record in cup competition is abysmal.
We are missing a leader up front, which is Costa.
Yes Sophie we had an arguement few days ago about  this game, as we all worried  about it, as we all can smell problems in our team. Palace is not an average team, they are loaded with some very good players and a very good coach. Zaha  is probably better than most of the Chelsea attackers, and Townshend is a better  winger than any Chelsea's wingers. Conte is very upset, very angry and probably will not sleep for a few nights. he knows he made mistakes, and he is a very good learner. Let's hope  he will do his homework well. Problem is not just a debt. We have now 4!!!! injured players and at least  2-3  completely  out of form. We do have Musonda and we do have Kennedy. maybe Conte should  give these two  a fair chance
Let's be honest.  Conte is going to leave. The board are clearly pissing him off and it's effecting the team.  Not contes fault.  Fuck the board
Chelshit
The difference between us and the Manchester clubs are why we are not as good as them, our squad is just as good, if not better, but we mess up against teams like this, and when we do win we sit back and defend when the Manchester clubs go to destroy every team. We need to play like we did against Atletico every game, we need to stop this sitting back game plan now.
Wahey! Hahahaha fucking palace the Geordie's will show you's southern cunts how it's done next week!
fuck off   chelsea
I only hope Christensen goes to a better team that will value him, why on earth are we not playing a class young CB who will be the best defender in the world.
Exchange batshuayi for Zaha in January
Hazard is inconsistent for us but for Belgium he bangs in goals all day long
We will still win the league
Please share your experiences/relationship with alcohol in the comments section below, we'll both be reading them all! xxx
I LOVE HOW YOUTUBE KEEP PUTTING YOU AND LUCY INTO TRENDING OMG YAS QUEENS YAS
thank you so much girls for talking about such a sensitive subject 💓x
I got into a habit over the summer holidays where I drank more or less every single day and was drunk each time (I'm 18 next friday) and I put myself in so much danger and I ruined many relationships in my life. I did this because I was severely depressed and as an Irish person the drowning the sorrow culture was the only way I knew and although some of the times it was great Craic most of the time it was VERY bad I think I did become dependant on it because now I always want a drink but I haven't drank since the end of August and I'm going out for my birthday in two weeks to drink and I know how to control myself now thankfully
England is the same to be honest. I’m 17 but there are a lot of places that will sell to me and the first time I got drunk was at 14. I don’t have an alcohol problem I just drink at parties and occasions which I think is healthy
Drinking culture is really rough where I live. I live in a very religious place where drinking is strongly discouraged. Because of that a lot of young people (and really all people in general) are never taught what responsible drinking is. I'm grateful that I have a pretty good relationship with alcohol. I never drank in my adolescence. Now that I'm older I definitely enjoy having a drink every once and awhile. But it's pretty occasional. Maybe once a week or less.
I recently spent four weeks in Dublin and can confirm what you said in the beginning. Now I'm sure that there are similar drinking cultures in other countries like my own. What struck me the most was, that most of the Irish people went with the stereotype and presented themselves and their culture as everyhing was about the alcohol. I felt like there was nothing else to do in Dublin than going to the pub - in the middle of the day!
I'm 16 and German and I don't drink and never even did. But there's some kind of pressure to also start drinking. I don't have any friends because they literally only meet to have some kind of drink/fun. This also kinda shows that my generations or teenagers are bored and don't know what to do with each other. But because I'm not interested in drinking/smoking etc I'm alone. I've lost some good friends because of this their hobby
The Czech Republic has probably higher alcohol consumption than Ireland, but I think that's also because of beer and pub tourism especially from English-speaking countries that exists here. \nHowever, binge drinking is not such a big issue because people would drink a beer or two with friends on any week day and not only at weekends, so they don't feel the urge to compensate for the dry week. It's changing, tho, and more and more people only go out at weekends and then drink a lot.\nI think beer and pubs is really a part of our culture and it would be pointless to try to eradicate it, but there should be more awareness about how easy it is for some people to become addicted. You mentioned drinking alone at home and that's just one of the red flags that people should watch out for.
I’m 17 and I have been to few party’s and I love going out with my friends and getting nearly drunk but I don’t think I have ever been fully drunk because I know how dangerous it is and I don’t want to be the burden on friends. I’m the one that will be going around with water I went to a party at a weekend for my friends 18 and her whole family and her got drunk and I was meant to be staying there but got a friend to take me home because it wasn’t safe. I think there’s a level with alcohol that once you cross it you have ruined yours and other people night and put your self danger and I like to get near it but never cross it
Can you do a video about weed or drugs in general?
I rarely ever drink and don't really enjoy getting drunk at all. I personally enjoy the buzz you get and the relaxed state alcohol can put you in but I always like to be in complete control of what I'm doing etc, so I rarely ever get drunk. I started university just a month ago and some of the things I've seen have genuinely shocked me. If you like the taste of it and can limit yourself that's not a problem! There is definitely a very unhealthy attitude towards alcohol in the UK, especially among students, but I'm lucky in that I'm surrounded by lots of positive influences and people who never pressure me to drink!
In America it's really about who you are friends with. I'm friends with people where if you have one glass of wine at a get together you are the odd one out but my cousins have friends where if you didn't have one or two glasses of wine you are the odd one out. And then there are people where if you didn't get plastered you are the odd one out.
Scotland has basically the same drinking culture. I don’t know if it’s the Irish culture which is very imbedded in Scottish culture due To when the Irish came over from the seventeen hundreds to the present day. I’m definitely not saying this is the Irish’s fault it’s our fault because we know our own statistics and we aren’t stopping it. But I have Irish friends and Scottish friends,teenage boys and girls underage and their all getting so drunk every weekend and it’s bad. X
Thanks for talking about this. I'm 22, Irish and in my first year of college. It is strange how many people I can think of that are alcoholics or how many have issues with alcohol. I've a feeling we all go through trouble patches with alcohol since, as you say, it heightens whatever you're feeling at the time and nobody's happy 100% of the time.\n\nFor myself, I don't drink atm for health reasons. I didn't drink anything until 6th year after I'd been 18 awhile and even then only ever one or two. Nobody in my family drinks, same with family friends. They had all seen and tlld stories of how drink had changed people for the worst and you never know if you could have a taste for it. In saying that we'll have a Bailey's come Christmas. Life is a bit strange here not drinking - across weddings, debs, birthdays, funerals... In the end I just found it easier to have one and nurse it for the night instead of having people chat to me about why I'm just drinking a coke.\n\nI met the two of ye in Schuh a few months ago. I was pretty stunned and not in a very good place at the time. The two of you were so nice even though you were rushing. Just wanted to thank the two of you for your kindness and for your solid content time and time again. \n\nHope all well after the hurricane! X
Ok ok Mel & jess Tbh, I grew up in the 🍀Irish catholic church🍀 over here in the states and there was alcohol at a lot of the church functions 😁😂😁🍺🍷\n\nBut I have a sporadic and social relationship with alcohol cause I have such a seriously low tolerance. I wouldn’t say I need an alcoholic beverage everyday but most weekends I defo enjoy a couple pints with friends 😁👍🏽\n\nGood vid ma girls, loves ya 😁😍😉
I just realized I love Irish girls!
Came from Dom aka the womb  raIDER
I saw a docummentary on Netflix called The truth about alcohol where they said the more muscle you have the higher your tolerance will be so you will need to drink more to get drunk.
I'm currently sober, been so for 4 months! Quit drinking, smoking cigarettes, weed, and doing other drugs since I wanted to become a better person I guess. It's going good, I like it! I started drinking when I was like 14 or something, it seemed so cool! I used to get really drunk, so drunk I passed out, and I enjoyed it. Now I'm 20 year old, I want to live my life to the fullest and I believe I do so (currently) by being sober. I used to always be looking forward to the next party, now I enjoy them but it's not the reason I'm alive if you get me. I sit there with a cup of tea or some water instead  ^-^
Thank you so much for this video Melanie! Absolutely amazing ! The drinking culture in Norway is the same way... a lot of pressure to drink in many situations
Last time I got drunk was about a week ago, maybe a little more, I drank so much vodka and whisky that I got alcohol poisoning. I'm such a small person, and once I have a bottle I don't know how to stop. usually. this time I didn't stop and even though people took the last bit I had left, it was too late and I had an awful time and I harmed my body in ways that I don't think anyone should ever expose  themselves to. im not saying drinking is awful , but if you are like me and you do not know how to stop then there is a problem. I don't think I'm an alcoholic but I did have the time to self access and realize I was drinking for very very wrong reasons. I can't say if there are right reasons to drink but I know of people who enjoy it and who can control it and that has to say something about the habit.
I'm Irish... I've grown up with an alcoholic father and put off drinking until my 18th birthday (when I had some West Coast Cooler). I was always afraid of becoming like him so I don't push my limits. I can get a little bit tipsy and then stop, that I'm having a good time but it never gets messy (and no hangovers either). It's only since my younger siblings have grown up that we've been more exposed to his alcoholism and the resulting stigma from the problems he attracts to our house. It's pretty shit! On a different note, I've watched my bf's younger brothers start drinking and secretly drinking since they were 13/14. What is the country coming to?
I watch your videos only because of Irish accent. P.S. your sister doesn't look like a teenage
I don't drink like I've only ever had sips of other people's drinks in my life, I'm going to University soon and I'm scared about how people will treat me
As someone who doesn't drink, has never drank, and doesn't plan on ever drinking(I'm 17, so that might change, but as of now, I don't plan on it), I found this so interesting to watch. My mother and my grandmother were pioneers, and have never drank, and my father is french, so he grew up surrounded by the idea that alcohol is a kind of delicacy. My dad drank from the age of 14, but he never binged on drink/ It was always a glass of wine at the dinner table with my granddad. He often comments on how dangerous the drinking culture is here in Ireland. How, when you turn eighteen, the biggest thing you think of is 'Yes! I can drink now!'. I'm very lucky because I haven't grown up in an environment where drinking is seen as an essential or as something that is part of life, because it doesn't have to be either of those things. Thanks for your insight, I really enjoyed this!!
I live in Australia in a small town just out of Melbourne, I'm 14 and I've never had a drink. A lot people will probably look at that and be like oh thats good and normal. But I can tell you so many people I say that to literally look at me like I'm an alien, where I am it isn't strange for an 11 year old to be drinking, the legal age here is 18 as well and for good reason lol. \nAnyway but when I was twelve I knew kids were dropping out of school because they were drunks and addicts and I mean that was just normal. The adults around me even often try to pressure me into drinking but I just I can't, I think I've seen what its done to those around me and it makes me so bloody anxious, just the thought of drinking gives me so much anxiety its dreadful.
I am from the Netherlands, 21yo. I started drinking at 14.. back then the legal drinking age was 16 (since then it has gone up to 18). I used to binge drink at every party I went to and sometimes we would go into a park at night to drink, so our parents couldn't find out, so not a very safe environment.. I don't think I've ever had a problem with drinking, besides feeling peer pressured into drinking loads at parties. I think when you get frown upon when you don't drink, that is when social drinking stops being fun. I am currently trying to stay sober till christmas, I havent craved any alcohol whataoever and I couldnt care less, but with social gatherings it can get quite hard. Wondering if people can relate?
It's probably hard to believe, but I'm 27 y.o. Russian (lol, stereotypes) who never tried any alcohol and not going to. I was just never interested and I believe it causes more harm than benefits you.
I never had a drinking problem and the only few times I ever got tipsy was when I just wanted to see what it felt like or because I felt pressured to drink because of other people. But when I get tipsy I always get pretty down and tired. In Germany you can legally drink with 16 and you are able to buy stronger liquor with 18. But I have seen and heard of 12-13 year old kids drinking and I personally got tipsy for the first time with 14. I never thought of drinking in relation to culture, but since we have the Oktoberfest it probably seems to be rooted in our culture.
If I go out with the intent on drinking, I'll go for beer most of the time. I do enjoy vodka and rum too. Not together obviously lol. I have never been drunk in my life. My brother has a dependency on alcohol so after growing up seeing what being drunk did to him, it made me realize I never wanted to feel or be like that. We've tried several different ways to help him. None have worked. Guess you can't help someone if they don't wanna be helped.
First id like to say I love your videos! Im 22 and live in the US. I usually drink maybe one shot of chilled cinnamon whiskey or gold schlager a year maybe...usually around my birthday. My parents always were very open with alcohol around my sister and I. We learned about it early on and how to to be responsible while drinking. I tend to not drink though because when I have drank before my negative emotions came out worse. For example if I was sad the sadness just became more apparent after a little bit of alcohol.
Thanks so much for sharing your experiences! It was really interesting to me, as a teenager who gets a lot of these talks from school and has friends who I know are partying and drinking a lot.\n\nI'm 17 living in California. I'm from a family that discourages drinking, plus my mother and older sisters hate the taste of alcohol. Because of this, I've always been the goody-2-shoes who never drinks. I've mostly been okay with that, until now. I don't always want to be afraid of drinking and never try drinking at all because I'm afraid to get too drunk or binge drink or something. I think I have a healthy relationship with alcohol because I'm so aware of all of this stuff, and I have supportive people in my life. Also, I would never hide my alcohol usage. I would tell my parents, even if they weren't happy with it, and I think that's what matters. So now I want to allow myself to be free and have drinks with friends because I trust myself and the people around me to be aware of how I'm using alcohol and keep it safe and healthy.
I'm not a big drinker really and not bothered about the taste, but if I don't choose alcohol people sometimes get uncomfortable as if I'm therefore judging them.\n\nUK is the exact same. UK and Ireland are the binge drinking capitals of Europe I'm sure. I started drinking at 17.5 and that was LATE. My siblings have all started at about 14.
Not even on my 21st birthday did I drink. I've never had alcohol and don't really plan to. I'm just not interested. What bothers me is how people react when you simply don't drink. Its like people need a reason as to why you don't. I remember going to a bonfire when I was 18 with my new college classmates. One of the girls I was hanging out with asked me if I wanted a drink. I told her no, I didnt drink. When she asked why, I told her, My uncle had liver failure when I was 15. It put me off alcohol. She said she respected that but proceeded to go on about how she thought people that don't drink for no reason are f***ing losers. My uncle did have liver failure but I hate that I feel compelled to use that to get people to leave me alone about alcohol. Alcohol is a personal choice. Drink if you want to, don't drink if you don't want to. Lets respect everyone's choice :) love this series. Love you Mel. Love you Jess 💚💚💚
The one on the left = ♨️
How much is a pint of beer in Ireland? Just out of curiosity because yous mention it's so expensive
This is amazing. Thank you so much for talking about this!!! Also, all I want is to be your friends!!!!
I'm currently in college and drinks are as cheap as €3 for a double vodka!
what do you think of changing he legal age to 16? do you think it would benefit irish teens in a way that they would be safer with it or do you think it would have the opposite effect?
Hi to both of you,\n\nI personally think that the reason countries in the northern hemisphere particularly in Europe drink more because going back a few hundreds years, I believe that we would drink to keep ourselves warm and with English pub history, men would go to work all day (wives at home), then go to the local public house to relax before going home for tea. It's how it was in those days.\n\nFrom my own experience of drinking in England and in a hot country, I could drink the same amount or more but feel in control of myself in a warm country whereas in England, I'd feel ready for home. I think this links between the different environments, haven't quite sussed out the reasoning behind it but there is my theory. \n\nHope this makes sense...\n\nHazel
I think Germany is almost the same (but I also think I don't even have to say that because Germany is pretty popular for their beer and the Oktoberfest and stuff haha) with the drinking, its starts at a really young age, you are allowed beer and wine at the age of 16 and harder drinks at 18 but to be honest loads and loads of young people already drink with 14 (one girl had to get picked up from a halloween party in school when we were like 13 because she had alcohol poisoning!) So yeah, it is pretty bad over here as well but I have to say I grew up in a small village and was never really interested, I never really went clubbing before (I am 19) because I feel uncomfortable around a bunch of strangers being drunk. The only thing I really enjoyed was back when I lived  in Ireland when you go out with a few friends and drink a few drinks, I tend to get sick quite easily but if I drink I LOVE baileys or cider (one of them is called orchard right) ! But else I don't really drink, even when it is very common here in Germany and a huge social thing, if you go out on a weekend you get massively drunk and tell your friends the monday after how fun it was to be that drink (or at least all my classmates do haha)
I'm from the north of England and I feel like the drinking culture here in the UK is pretty much the same as what you've described in Ireland. It here is also a part of the culture, it's a lot more rare to find people who don't drink in my opinion. :p
I'm of Irish heritage in the US (I'm a McD.). I remember as a kid seeing the stereotype of the drunk Irishman and how stupid he was. I went the opposite way. I only have drinks on my birthday (usually 2 margaritas) and none the rest of the year. It's actually really easy to do if you have the right friends. Great video, Melanie and Jessie!
I’m from Australia and there is a huge drinking culture down here. If you are aged between 15-25 and don’t centre your weekends around binge drinking “you aren’t having fun”. It’s even more prevalent in 18-25,  especially at uni. I don’t like who I turn into when I drink so I stopped at 22. Have felt so much better since.
my biological dad was an alcoholic and even though I havent lived with him since I was 2 I think it's still ingrained in my memory somehow. Ive never been one to drink, Ive gotten tipsy once (I was about 19 at the time). However I can't drink a lot as Ive got epilepsy and drinking too much can trigger them. there is not a lot of drinks I like/will drink but I have started to have a drink now and again, mainly if I go out for a meal or if we have a special occasion, so I feel I have quite a healthy relationship to alcohol in comparison to the majority of people my age (I'm 23)
Us in Scotland have a massive drink  problem too. I am the same as Jess. I drank most at 17 to 18. Now 22 I rarely drink. Drunk stories are funny and scary but it's good to get it out of your system so then you can respect alcohol :).
Im from the uk where binge drinking is also a pretty big problem. I like to drink mainly socially but i know i also have a bad relationship with it where i'll drink on my own in my room because im depressed. So it fluctuates
Le me say this.. I enjoy watching beautiful creatures talking non-stop
I don't drink it makes me so sick straight away not tipsy just so poorly! So just don't bother but I would like to be able to enjoy a few! I think I got out of lots of drink between 16-20 from the sickness the morning after too I would throw up all day long! Xxx
This video came in the right time
I rarely drink now but when I was much younger (14-17) I would drink so much and I think that's why now I just would rather not get drunk. Sometimes I do but as I started drinking so young it's completely put me off 👌🏼
I actually basically don't drink much at all,  when I was younger sure there was a drinking culture when was a teenager in the 80's so its been in OZ for a very long time, I stopped most of my drinking when I had my Kids and Believe it or not lost the taste for alcohol.  I am also a Muso so drinking is pretty standard in my world, however i choose not to drink and don't care what anyone else think.  I also think our drink driving laws in QLD have made a difference to some people as well,  as far as their drinking habits, more people drink before they go out now.   alcohol is expensive and I rather spend my money on other stuff.
Jess your makeup is beautiful. Brings out your natural beauty
i rarely drink but when i do it's small amounts with family around the holidays
I'm 15 in the suburbs near chicago in the U.S. I have never drank. my friends don't want to, and neither do I. some people at my school do have drinking parties and shit like that. It just depends on who you are and who you're friends with. There's 2,600 students at my school, so it makes sense why our culture is so varied.
I only drink to savor the flavors. I've never got drunk before. I love nicely brewed beer, tasty wine.... One of my favorites is umeshu (Japanese plum wine).
I'm from Germany and I started drinking and binge drinking with 14. I don't know why, I think I just wanted to distract myself from my problems. I am 16 now and I actually don't drink that much anymore but I still can't control myself when it comes to drugs. I wish people would talk more openly about drug abuse instead of romanticizing it
We definitely have issues with alcoholism here in America. think part of it is the up bringing. Here in the states you can't drink until you're 21 (legally) so most people do a lot of binge drinking when they're young because they aren't 'taught' to drink they're sneaking it. Then another part is maybe the attitude of work and play... Americans are still pretty concerned with 'the American dream most working crazy long stressful days. So to unwind they maybe have a few at the end of the day. So now you drink to relax and have fun. Happy? Drink. Sad? Drink. It's Tuesday? Bottoms up.
The Portuguese have a very similar culture of drinking. The stereotypes are old drunk farmers.\nIn Canada though, the legal age is 19 and places are STRICT about this. \nMy first drink was when I was 14 and from then on I would drink and get plastered at parties occasionally.\nI grew up in a house where my dad was an alcoholic and because of that, I don't have a very good relationship with alcohol. My mom has been afraid I'll be more inclined to that behaviour. I have a low tolerance and I try to stay away from alcohol when I'm sad or lonely because I don't want to indulge those feelings with something that can really harm me. My friends binge drink a lot and I actually had a discussion with a few of them and it's scary. \nWhat were you parents like about you both drinking?
1) U BOTH LOOK HOT\n2) NO REALLY SO HOT\n3) THIS IS IMPORTANT
Why do you drink in the first place if you believe it harms you?
I am from Spain. We start drinking early, my first drink was when I was 13. I have drank a lot in my life, I am 30 now, but this year I have started to quit. I would have maybe two or three beers when I go out but that's it. I can't deal with the shame, the anxiety and the hungover anymore. But the pressure even from friends is huge.
I started drinking just before I was 16 and that was 100% my choice. Like a lot of people have said in Australia we have such a similar situation with alcohol where there are 15 year olds getting drunk and tbh it’s not right in a way but it all comes down to the person, if they want to get drunk at 15 they can have that choice to do it
Melanie, your hair is the epitome of Autumn. I love it!
I just saw this vid and its funny because i have been hanging all day because last night I went to a party and normally im not that bad drunk but i was sloppy and kissing people i shouldn't have and alcohol is such a depressant for me and raises anxiety so much that i was crying in a car park for over an hour... but i kind of know my limit but all my friends were drinking loads so i did and its so unhealthy :(
Both looks so good in this!! The natural makeup looks so amazing on Jess!😍
I rarely ever drink only on occasions. I like being in control of myself haha I get drunk so easily too 😂😂
Thank you for talking about this, my mom passed away this year due to an alcohol addiction so I've never really had a good relationship with alcohol. I've done all the things you've said; been out binge drinking then not remembering then things I'd done then next day. Moms addiction made me see alcohol in a different light, it went on for over ten years and destroyed her life. It can be so dangerous! I would never tell people not to drink as I still drink every now and then (not currently cos I'm pregnant!) but my eyes are so open to the dangers xoxo
i come from a family of alcoholics and can honestly say that this is so important and an excellent video- thank you guys for being honest about the effects alcohol dependence can have and these issues!
I didn't start drinking until I was 19 due to both my parents having somewhat unhealthy relationships with alcohol as I was growing up, and I think I'm glad I waited. I'm from the US but studied at a uni in the UK for a year and also worked in a pub after and personally enjoyed the binge drinking culture. Not that I think it's positive overall, but for me I knew I didn't like the idea of drinking everyday and letting it become habitual, but having one night every couple of weeks when my friends and I would get kinda messy was actually really cathartic for me (I can be pretty anxious otherwise) and there were only a few times that I ever regretted it. Fortunately I'v never turned to alcohol as an escape, and I can see how those habits plus a heavy drinking culture can be a harmful combo. Now I'm back in the US I very rarely drink. I feel there's much more judgement around it here, like people are quick to hand you a beer but also quick to tell you that you're too drunk and should be ashamed a few hours later (not so much from personal experience as observations of others). Plus you have to drive everywhere, and I'm small enough that even one strong drink could put me over, which really limits options for social drinking.
Where is Jessie's top from? It is absolutely adorable !💛
The reason why these bad things happen when you drink alcohol, is because it's a warning, God doesn't want you to drink it! Well why did He create it then? To test you, what do you love more? Him or the demon drink?
I rarely drink, but I usually only have fun and am in control of myself at all times so I think I'm okay :-) However in my teens I think I really had a problem... In school, I remember all I could think of was the next party and the next time I would get to drink... It was bad, and also dangerous! I'm glad I met someone who hated drinking at the time. They distracted me away from it. I'm very thankful about that :-)
Tbh, I think in Spain we have a very close drinking culture and we definitely binge drink while being young. Like you said, alcohol here it's quite cheap and accesible and it's common for very young people to start drinking and even binge drinking. Also since we party until so late in the morning, i feel like we drink more to stay high all night and it can get pretty unhealthy easily. I feel like a lot of us can't party without drinking (or withouth getting drunk) and it's a bit dangerous.
I sort of disagree with what you were saying about spanish drinking culture, amongst teenagers at least, it's really bad. I am a teenager in southern spain. The alcohol is so cheap and basically everywhere will serve people who are very underage. I have been served since I was 13 years old in shops,pubs, clubs etc. I know lots of teenagers who have issues with drinking. Including myself, I had a terrible year when I was just 15 where I was binge drinking heavily and I wouldn't remember any of the stupid terrible things I had done. I have noticed though that it is mostly us foreign kids, British, Russian, American etc who have the issues and not the spanish which is interesting... People here as young as twelve go out drinking and when it gets to the age of about 14/15 everyone in the year group starts going out, it's ridiculous honestly.
I'm Dutch, 23 years old. I've never had a bad relationship with alcohol, but I know teenagers are still drinking up to a point that they get into a coma. Some real alcohol-poisoning...\nI myself rarely drink and when I drink, I don't drink a lot. I drink because I like the taste of some alcoholic drinks, not to get drunk or tipsy. I usually drink no more than about 4 glasses of alcohol on an evening and I like to mix it up with regular drinks in between.
I don't drink alcohol at all these days - less than one drink a week. I had to stop completely two years ago (back injury - painkillers that react badly with alcohol) - but even back at university, I tended not to drink much normally. There was the occasional night of heavy drinking, of course, and a night or two I regret now, but I don't think I'll ever drink that way again.
I'm 17 and from Greece, although I was born in England and have also lived in Ireland and in my opinion what contributes to all this binge drinking in the U.K. and Ireland is the taboo that surrounds alcohol and peoples attitudes towards it. Like, in Mediterranean countries alcohol really isn't a big deal and children are exposed to it from a young age, usually through their parents/grandparents. My parents always let me taste their drinks and we talked open.y about drinking and so now, most of my friends and cousins who come from similar backgrounds mainly just have a drink or two when we go out to bars and get maybe tipsy at parties, just bc they like the taste (I don't drink). Also where I live now, in Cyprus, he drinking age is 17 but anyone at any age can pretty much buy alcohol and be served at bars and it's not an issue and I think that's a good thing bc teenagers will drink anyway might as well do it responsibly and in a chill way
Jessica looks so much like Amanda Peet in Something's Gotta Give. If you look up that movie and see pics of Amanda Peet in it let me know if you agree lol
I’m from Slovakia, alcohol is very cheap around here and almost everybody drinks so so much. It’s just normal. Nobody thinks it’s unhealthy and I just don’t like it. We shouldn’t have this as a norm.\nSaying that I do/did have an unhealthy relationships with alcohol. I started very young around 11/12 and I was binge drinking cheap hard liquor few times a week to run away from depression than I thankfully got treated and got drunk only once in a while in parties and the I stopped all together for a while. Now I only drink wine most of the time, i’ll have a glass with dinner or get tipsy but that’s it. Saying that I know I’m lot more sociable person when drinking and that’s why I often drink when in uncomfortable situations. I get a lot more friendly, happy and communicative..
love these
I'm an Irish 22 year old and I've never had a drop of alcohol and I don't plan to. I hate it when I meet people on a night out and they ask what I'm drinking and I say a coke or something they automatically assume that either A) I'm pregnant (which I'm not) or B) that I used to have a drinking problem (which I haven't). When I tell them that I've never had alcohol they all go Fair play to ya or they look at me like I've got ten heads! Last year I was out with my older brother and his friends at his birthday party in a pub/nightclub in Dublin and when I told when of his friends that I don't drink he literally started to question me for the next 45 MINUTES! He was in shock that I never had some cider down the park when I was younger. Also, as a student living away from home for the first time in a different city, I find that I'm not invited out with my friends from college because they automatically assume that I don't like pubs or clubbing. I'm half Irish, half English I LOVE going down to the pub and having the laugh with my friends! Just because I don't drink doesn't mean that I don't like going out with friends on a night out. I find it really sad that we have such a big alcohol problem in Ireland and no, neither of my parents are alcoholics. The reason why I choose not to drink is A) It's WAAAY to expensive! I'm a broke ass college student! B) I don't need it to have fun. Also I'd like to say that no, I don't shame my friends for drinking or anything like that. If they want to drink, let them drink! Rant over.
When I was younger I thought the German drinking culture was bad...then I spend some time at a British Uni and now I think differently. I know people who sometimes get quite drunk, but not too many. I rarely drink. When I do it is usually a drink or two at a bar with friends, very rarely I get a bit tipsy before going out. I like the taste of some alcoholic beverages, especially cocktails, but I also get a bit sick of the taste quite quickly, so drinking a lot wouldn't be easy for me anyway. I also never felt the need to. Most of my good friends don't drink that much and even if I am at a party where people are drinking, I just stop when I feel like I don't want to drink anymore. It is sad that you then sometimes have to justify yourself for not drinking. I also find it shocking when I hear people as young as 18 say that it would be a challenge for them to abstain from drinking for a month. I really have nothing against a bit of social drinking, but I find it disconcerting how something as harmful as alcohol plays such a big role in society.
I live in portugal (which is in the top 20 countries with the most alcohol consumption; legal drinking age - 18)  and I am 16. I can't even count how many times I've gotten  like really fucking drunk. Around my circles of friends it's pretty normal. I've bought alcohol as a 15 year old. It is not allowed but I did it in a self-service place and loads of more local/small shops sell you if you don't look too young, without carding ya. My father incourages me to drink (not the way I do), but since I was little he'd let me drink from his glass. I don't think that had to do with how I came to drink more heavily but idk just thought i'd share that. It´s not just drinking, I don't think I've gone to a party where there wasn't any weed and some other shit. Everytime we're going out it's always with the minset of like let's get fucked. BUT besides that I don't really drink by myself, I don't really feel the need to. And I've never got drunk to solve any problems, it's always been in good fun, I guess. Plus I somehow have never gotten a bad hangover and haven't had any too bad experiences with it, so it has never been a problem for me. the worst that's happened was not enjoying the party cause I was passed out. \n(We mostly drink vodka but anything will do really, also alcohol is really cheap  €6 for a bottle of vodka black for example.)
I'm 15 and have never had any alcohol (other than a glass of prosecco sometimes at family dinners), and have been in quite a few situations where most people are drinking but me. As I have a lot of friends who are older than me (around 18-20), I am generally one of the only ones who is sober. I don't mind not being drunk but I do feel a bit left out, although I've never really had the urge to drink.
in sweden binge drinking is also prevalent. like, we don't drink during the week but then on the weekends and holidays p much everyone drinks. the socialising culture is centered around drinking much, but at least it is a bit more restrictive in stores and like i started drinking at 16 and i think that's pretty common.
Great video by the way. Generally hearing about hangovers reminds me of shitty times but this video was spot on. Keep it up!
When I started drinking I drank very little but when I got 16 it became really bad because I had problems and started binge drinking to forget about them and even if I still had a hangover I couldn`t wait till the next party. \nI did some really stupid and dangerous things while drunk because I didn´t care about anything anymore, like walking on the quay wall and jumping out of a window or stuff like that and I got drunk because I really desperately needed to talk to somebody about my problems but couldn´t do so sober. I always drank on an empty stomach like not haven eaten for 12 hours (I ate very little at that time because I was really down). One time at a party I got really really drunk to the point where I was nearly unconscious and they had to call my parents because it was so bad and I didn´t even recognise my own father. On the next day I didn´t even have a hangover because I puked everything out that was in my stomach. \nBut I had a total blackout and could only remember little bits from a certain point on. \nSince then I have been drunk a few times but I don´t drink as often anymore, mostly because I don´t want my friends to have to look after me when I get really depressed and do stupid shit or when I puke and stuff.  I hope I wont get that bad again but at the moment things aren´t really going too well, so I´ll see, but I´ve learned a few things since then.\nI also always get really depressed the day after.\n\nIn Switzerland you can buy beer etc. when you´re 16 and vodka etc. when you´re 18, but of course most people drink the heavier things before they´re 18.\nBinge drinking is also quite common here but it´s also common to just get a bit tipsy or not even that, it really depends on the occasion. In my city it´s also very common to smoke weed. There´s a quay where all the pubs and bars are and if you get there you can always smell the weed XD. It´s not that everyone smokes weed, but a lot of people do it and they don´t really hide it that much (even though it´s illegal). I know people who have an alcohol problem but I also know people who have a problem with weed (like 3 joints a day, which is just too much regularly).\nI think that most people here are generally quite tolerant if someone doesn´t drink but of course there´s still a lot of people who will make stupid comments etc.\n\nI forgot about fairs where after a certain time just everybody is completely smashed. (also about 40ish/50ish adults)
There's 13/12 year olds in my school getting drunk  at party's and drinking in school and I always get weird stares when I get offered a drink and I say no cause I don't want to drink yet X
I'm Spanish and people start drinking also at very young ages and without any control. But once you're an adult I'd say they usually just drink some beers or wine (or whatever) whenever you feel like it?\nI started drinking when I was almost 18 and that's really weird. I wouldn't really go to clubs or anything bc being there from 1 am to 8 am and sober wasn't ideal... At the beginning I just couldn't understand why anyone would drink, but I feel like in the end it was just to make me feel special. And nowadays I drink when I feel like having a beer or when my friends and I meet to have a coffee or so in the evening. I guess I'm just lucky I don't wanna spend my money in alcohol, I hate spirits and I don't enjoy clubs. \nI wouldn't say I've had a problem with alcohol, but when one of my exboyfriends broke up with me (without telling me a clear answer) and his grandma and father died of cancer I went a bit wild. Once I even went to the cemetery to drink and draw... But all I did was really sporadic and just my way to seek for attention and try to keep myself busy. \n\n\nAnd yeah, they say in the northern countries people drink so much more, and that in the south we have more prostitution... 🤷🏿‍♀️\n\n\n\n\n\nPS: Beer's amazing. Especially Belgian beer.
Hi :) I'm from belfast,  started drinking at 13/14 a lot, but when I hit 18 I had no interest in it at all, now at 24 I don't drink, maybe the odd cocktail on holidays but that's it! Completely Agree the culture here is crazy!
So glad I can across this video. I've had a bad year with alcohol and it also kicked off with relationships ending. If I have a bad day or feel stressed I do turn to wine and often don't know when to stop. I'll have a glass of wine and then want another, and another and cannot tell what is too much. I also have the same bad relationship with pizza, on bad days I want to buy pizza and have wine but just because I think I will feel better. This video has made me so much more aware of my alcohol consumption and why I turn to drink. Loved this video and you guys are awesome
Watching this before a night out😂
never drank alcohol and don't plan to especially after seen my dad drunk
I'm German :) And we can buy beer with 16 and the hard stuff with 18. Now I know a lot of teens start with 14/15 when they are hanging out with their friends. Some just drink beer while they hang out, some choose like harder stuff. It really depends. For me, I HATED alcohol up until I was 17 I think and I've never really drank I guess. Now, 21, I do drink, a might get drunk here and there but in a moderate manner. But I am a lightweight so I do have to be really careful with the 'let's have a bottle of beer or a glass of wine while we talk'. But yeah. When we have social gatherings we usually pop a few bottles of beer :)
Text me 💋 mistress text me girl.
💚💚💚
In England it's also terrible!! I am 17 now and my friends at my school and even myself started heavily and I mean heavily drinking at 13, every single weekend. I know I'm my self have become very dependent on my self with alcohol, I don't wanna go out at all without it or did when growing up. It does take a massive hold on your life and I wish I wasn't addicted as I am now , but I don't fucking love it at the same time .
omg you both look so stunning, im so incredibly gay...
I remember watching this and Seth receiving some backlash online by people who didn't get the joke. They thought it was awkward and uncalled for but with new light being shed on Weinstein's assault charges, I'm sure some of those same people are jumping on their high horses now like Oh, I knew all along!!!! Smh.
This comment section is fucking disgusting. Can none of you scrotum licking cuntshits not think of ANYTHING to call people than 'faggot' 'nigger' and 'feminist'? Go back to licking Trump's anus.
The people on Hollywood know about all the sex and pedophilia and didn't do shit. Screw them all
😂😂😂😂 this guy is litreally a legend
I don’t think he was even joking here. He looks pissed that people are laughing about how it. He said it to make it sound like a joke but his face says it all.
0:27 That guy laughing the loudest was actually Harvey Weinstein himself.
I feel like he meant well but that comment was slightly degrading to women. It's like he implied that they were okay with pretending. But I don't think he meant it that way, it just came out that way
How is this 'calling out Harvey Winstein'? This is more a jab at the women or actresses in general.
Everyone knew and no one had the stones to say anything ? they all laughed about it secretly knowing. Shame
holy Shit!,Seth MacFarlane sounds like Mitch Lucker from Suicide Silence \n\nhe should be the new frontman!,I pictured his talking voice becoming his screaming voice and it sounds FUCKING AWESOME IN MY HEAD!\n\nMitch Lucker 2.0!
Can someone fill me in on what the fuck this is? I need context. And it came up in my trending tab
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
PLEASE SUB TO more. Inc BEST CHANNEL EVER
it wasn't a joke
CNN was first to get exposed, now it's Hollywood and next will be academia.  The three megaphones of cultural Marxism are slowly and surely being silenced.
hey there im just starting out you tubing and will like to see some support on my channel \nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5CfnO3bRTCqkwHs3Fv2x1w
I wonder which leading ladies have let Harvey do them ? And are they being quiet because now they feel like ladder climbing whores?
with jews, you lose. Non jews are literally referred to as cattle (goyim). Chief Rabbi of Israel Ovidi Yosef, The only reason to keep non jews alive is because they are donkeys meant to serve the jews. Had a million jews attend his funeral.
Just makes you wonder if an actress got to where they are on their own merits or because they conformed to the Casting Couch!!!   How embarrassing for someone like Ashley Judd to make an ass out of herself calling Trump out for something WAYYYYYY LESS disgusting than what this PIG did to so many women.   Amazing how many twisted women like Meryl Streep continued to praise and bow down to this Nasty Creep, KNOWING his reputation with women and perhaps her own experience with him.
LOLITA EXPRESS. Look it up on YOUTUBE!!! IT'S AWESOME
He makes my skin crawl, i wouldnt be suprised if he's a nonce himself
Jews
I keep rewatching this
I found a cool game in which you can play with your friends, fun and interesting. https://goo.gl/MwBxgx
All hilarys friends are rapists... And now we know why hollywood wanted her in the white house.
Fox news is full of rapists and sexual harassers, but no one said anything for years until the final lawsuit came out.\n\nThe president has been accused of multiple counts of sexual assault and rape, yet we reward him by giving him the highest appointment in the land.\n\n\nStop acting like this is some Hollywood oddity. This isn't a problem that is unique to one industry or country. Everyone has to face it and come to terms with it  to come up with a solution. At least the much maligned mainstream media is talking about it and not down playing it like every right wing news organisation does about the Trump, or Fox News stories. Accountability isn't only exclusive to the left.
Courtney Love called him out in 2003
They all knew yet they said nothing.
it's funny because he raped women.
watch some more here http://yobuilder.com/AoHH
You call this a call out, i call it making a joke of something he obviously knew and in the process made his co-host look sick at what he was suggesting.
He gives no fucks what he said. 😂
Stewie during Family Guy Episode: This is like that time Seth Mcfarlane called out Harvey Weinstein back In 2013. then cuts to this clip.
Everyone is laughing - even though it’s not really funny. Except maybe understood as very dark sarcasm. „Serial sexual harassment and rape - how HILARIOUS! 🤗“ LOL
Those laughs.\nUhahauhahahuhahuhuuhahauahhauaha (we're laughing but we're not).
Come on man, it was all just lock room talk.
But no one knew right meryl streep?
Seems more an acknowledgement that he knew it was happening and believed that these women were the types to give it up and is the reason they got their parts.\n\nHe almost seemed to shame the women instead of harvey lol
I had the best advert ever, 2 African kids wanting money for food,1 other African man with money says no,he drops the money,the kids steal the money and buy food,the rich man starves to death
Liking a place you live has something to do with how people in that society treats you. I am a taxi driver in Toronto, this person who got inside my taxi seems like a setup. It seems like someone already pin point my taxi cab number to verbally attack me. Someone backstabbing me using different people. He was swearing and insulting about different nationalities. Also, saying how he hates different nationalities. They were laughing loud inside my cab making me uncomfortable and finally one person started to verbally attack me. All three of them spoke Arabic language and they claim that they were from Kuwait.  I do not support any movements or individuals who are a threat to someone else freedom and existence. I came to this country to live in peace and without discrimination or harassment. After been unemployed for 6 years, this is what I am getting? I don't have the freedom to work without harassment nor freedom to live without others interference. How do you expect me to like the place I live? Lastly, I didn't come to this country to live a poor miserable life, I came to this country to live well so does everybody else. I am not a high school or university drop out nor a low street rowdy who speaks shit with the rotten personality.
There is something about Seth's expression at the end that is oddly reminiscent of Bill Burr.
Seth's look at the end says: Yeah, you guys laugh it up, but you know it's true.
He knew and kept his mouth shut
so basically this'll blow over in a few years and Weinstein gets the last giggity?
And another thing people are given out oh he knew and never done anything about it ,how could he what's he going to say to the cops I believe he's a rapist , the only thing he was able to do was to say it to a large audience he called him out in front of all actors making it none to All  women  ,it was up to the women themselves to report it until then nothing can be done
simply proving the hollywood shock & outrage today is predictably fake. (smh)
Actresses pretending to be attracted to producers is nothing new. This title is misleading. That joke works just as well with any other producer, including Seth, himself.
Yes he made a joke, most people would not have known what he was talking about, why didn't he expose him properly 4 years ago, alot of women would have been saved from his unwanted advances another Hypocrite.
Don't go down there.....the comment section gets pretty brutal.
Everyone already knew and nobody did shit about it. The public will have the same reaction once the child sex rings are finally exposed even though everyone with a brain could already see it.
Ehh nothing new it's been that way in Hollywood since the 1940s hell almost half of Entourage season 4 episodes address's this issue.
that was just making a joke of the disgusting behavior, not calling him out.  Additionally if you google the ass clown you will find that he explicitly says he did not want to call him out....It is just another case of liberals protecting liberals and shows us how far hollywood and its heros and idols have fallen.
All of them new now pretend to be shoked...son of a bitch
Poor man. Why all come out now. Seems like its fake
damn
The look on his face. He fucking meant it.
In the end he’s like “Yea I’m joking but.. come on..”
is seth macfarlen a comedian.
We've stayed silent until now. We feared. We were threatened. We needed to rebuild our lives. But we can no longer sit back and let the monsters who sexually assaulted women and raped girls to roam free. Please check out famous actress Kate del Castillo movie about her abuse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOX3tjTVgQc
This harvey weinstein is your typical kike sheeny yid piece of shit!  He should be thrown in a concentration camp and be rapped in all holes until he dies from it!
People on here seem surprised that Hollywood is full of hypocrites and fakes.They're actors for crying out loud. They are professional fakes. It has been well known for at least 25 years what that perv was doing. Everyone turned a blind eye until it was made public.Now they all come out and tell us how surprised and disgusted they are. Actors are the most useless people on the planet. Got the shits? Call a doctor. Leaky tap? Call a plumber. Dodgy hair? Call a hair dresser. Persistent boner? Call a hooker. There is no possible scenario that could occur in everyday life which would require you needing an actor. They're fucking useless.
Emma stone is gorgeous
Seth MacFarlane = Dillion Harper
Good
SMH
GOOD ONE, SETH MacFARLANE!!!! #LOL
All go checkout my channel :)
Hahahaha yeah dude, he knew man, he sure showed Harvey! hahahaha\n\nPure idiocy.
yikes
Harvey Swinestein!
Dark shit
*Videonun Perde Arkasi* http://youtubem.video?1OwdF267pI79h8tS=VVuGEVkGtYgkbwA
made in usa
Oh boy
I'll suck Harvey's dick for an oscar
Lol i drink fluoride aswell.
*Emma Stone looked like she wanted to laugh at the dig but still had to be careful for her career...* What a vile industry!
Weinstein is a victim of Jewish Hollywood infighting,he must of upset some powerful members of his Tribe and they are simply settling scores.
Ooooooh
That was really funny
He Knew
They knew Harvey was a perv but nobody dared do anything
Wow
The Chosen People had to much Shekels
I think I am starting to finally get that Family Guy scene where Peter takes Stewie to Disney World and Stewie gets captured by the “it’s a small world” ride people and made to in there as a slave with the other children from around the world. I had no clue at the time what the scene was about until I saw it again at a friends house here over the weekend. Jeezo, we spoke about it and prayed that we are still just guessing at its meaning, but the scene now seems creepy second time around ....
Look at Emma stone face, trying her best to not smile, Incase he has a job for her later.
Why do people applaud this? It was common knowledge for people in Hollywood to know Harvey was a beast, everyone knew. Seth isn't calling Harvey out hes making fun of what Harvey does to woman. Does Seth look serious? No. He told a sick joke and expected everyone to laughed at it like they did. Everyone in the room knows about Harvey and they still laughed including Seth smh. Seth never reported Harvey to the authorities so i wouldn't say he called him out.
So Seth McFarlane like most of Hollywood knew this was going on and instead of using his power and influence to do something instead  made a cheep in joke about it at a ceremony. What a fucking hack piece of shit douche bag
I will fight sexual abuse with women every step of the way but women have to do their part as well. First start off by NOT wearing yoga pants 365 days a year everywhere - to hospitals, schools, stores, out and about. The crutch of freedom of expression and comfort has been broken, you cannot tell me you will walk out in public wearing white/grey/tan/green yoga pants with your cameltoe hanging in broad daylight and tell me you are doing it for comfort and NOT for attention. Start respecting yourself before expecting others to respect you. A grown fucking woman should know better!
hey that guy sounds like the dog off family guy hohoho
Does anyone know if Harvey Weinstein was in attendance at the Oscars that year? I know he usually attends. I would of paid big money to see his reaction... 😂😂😂
I'm glad that Seth took a swing at Weinstein and can see in his facial expression the disgust he has for him.
U guys should watch open secret documentary...Harvey is harmless compare to these guys
I'll rape dat
Everybody knows it too.
It's been an open secret for some time now.
Called him out; or knew and didnt say anything about it publicly -.-? Just saying.
I bet Trump will tweet that rap thinking it is in support of him.
Black gentlemen. ROFLMFWAO!!
white guy thinks he's black.\nSoon he will think he's a lady.
My apologies for the long post... had to get a few things off my chest.\n\nStill can't understand (for the life of me) how/why Black folks are quick to take knees; whine about Republicans/Conservatives/Trump/Police; how poorly (they think/feel) 'The White Man' is/has been treating them (while begging for their attention) and White Supremacy but quickly OVERLOOK ALL of THAT whenever they get the attention they CRAVE/BEG for from White People. \n\nThese fickle Black folks will show love to ANY/EVERYONE who panders to their feeble 'struggle/opression' Group Hive think and will IMMEDIATELY vilify/try to destroy anyone (other Black folks included) who break away from that fatuous mentality and/or chooses to think for themselves... Damn shame.\n\nOne last thing... These athletes/celebrities who constantly whine about the POTUS are weak. Whenever they're given an opportunity to meet him face-to-face to address their concerns, they act like BRATS, refuse to meet with him (runaway) and choose (INSTEAD) to name-call/disrespect him on social media. ALL because it's cool and will get them clicks; likes; retweets; reposts; followers and attention. They're NOT role models/revolutionaries/leaders, they're 'Hive Think' FOLLOWERS and COWARDS.\n\nThey're not looking for solutions to problems, they're looking to stay in the good graces of their 'Group Think' peers and fans. All they do is WHINE about 'stuff' (built upon emotions) but FAIL to BRING LOGICAL SOLUTIONS to ANY of it. \n\nKneeling about 'stuff' (WITHOUT ACTUAL LOGICAL SOLUTIONS) DOES NOT bring about solutions it just brings about attention to kneeling.\n\nHow about we focus on teaching our children to become doctors; lawyers; scientists; engineers; teachers; public officials; police officers; fire fighters; politicians; business owners; entrepreneurs and the like INSTEAD of Entertainers (i.e. Rappers; Actors; Athletes and the like)?\n\nHow about we teach and show the IMPORTANCE of education, ownership and growing LEGALIZED wealth in order to better one's self, family and/or community?\n\nHow about we WORK to improve our neighborhoods? How about we demonize/vilify the drug dealers, gang members and people (INSIDE) who are ACTIVELY/CONSTANTLY/DELIBERATELY DESTROYING our communities? How about we WORK/FIGHT to remove THEM?\n\nNAW... Let's keep kneeling and blaming EVERYONE ELSE INSTEAD. YEAH, that makes MORE sense; that's the solution.\n\n'Butthurt' Group/Hive Think individuals... Feel free to childishly insult me with You Bitch Ass Nigga; House Nigga; FuckBoy; Race Traitor; Coon; Token; Troll; Black Impersonator; White Boy; Agent and/or whatever insult I forgot in 3... 2... 1...
What kind of coops we're those in the background? (to the right specifically)
Beautiful Girl Fishing Amazing Fishing at Battambang How To Catch Fish By Hand Part106\nhttp://yobuilder.com/8DYw
Sorry, had to change it from 666 dislikes.
I forgot to do you as an impression. Damn
Is this all YouTube is now, just a lefty, liberal diseased platform?\nThis crap and pointless women, make up video's. \nPlease to all libtards and lefty freaks; paper cut your eye's open ffs.
This new trendin' genre spoken word with a pre-recorded base that's harassin' us since the '90s is gone too far! Now it's even without pre-recorded base, it's just spoken word!
Sometimes I feel bad for Macklemore cause noone says his name right
I don’t know if I’ve enjoyed a literal minute more in the last year. Solid gold
Eminem thinking he's black.
I have deleted scenes on my channel too :D
this is #40 on trending and i am so glad
Mackle is a bitch....Eminem is a Warrior you idiot
I bet that trump diss got Stephen Colbert’s knickers wet
This is more entertaining than the real video
Americans are good people. They have no aggressions against us and they like us as we like them. They must know I don't hate them. I love them. I hear it is a complex society inside. Many Americans don't know about the outside world. The majority have no concern and no information about other people. They could not even find Africa on a map. I think Americans are good, but America will be taken over and destroyed from the inside by the Zionist lobby. The Americans do not see this. They are getting decadent. Zionists will use this to destroy them.\n\nAmericans are good people. They have no aggressions against us and they like us as we like them. They must know I don't hate them. I love them. I hear it is a complex society inside. Many Americans don't know about the outside world. The majority have no concern and no information about other people. They could not even find Africa on a map. I think Americans are good, but America will be taken over and destroyed from the inside by the Zionist lobby. The Americans do not see this. They are getting decadent. Zionists will use this to destroy them.\n\n\nAmericans are good people. They have no aggressions against us and they like us as we like them. They must know I don't hate them. I love them. I hear it is a complex society inside. Many Americans don't know about the outside world. The majority have no concern and no information about other people. They could not even find Africa on a map. I think Americans are good, but America will be taken over and destroyed from the inside by the Zionist lobby. The Americans do not see this. They are getting decadent. Zionists will use this to destroy them.\n\n\n--------------------------------------Muammar Gaddafi\n\nTRUMP IS A PUPPET
eminem is a closet fag..its obvious
Awww so disappointed they didn’t honk whenever he cursed and make it look like they were in the actual video and the reason for the beeps
*TRUMP IS PREGNANT* - Scientists have confirmed that Dotard is getting fatter by the day – because – TRUMP IS PREGNANT with all the cumm swallowing from Putinas massive manhood.
Funniest thing on Late Show in a while
yeah macklemore who has 90+million facebook followers mfs......
You know your terrible when even Rappers feel comfortable mocking you
out of touch middle class, funny
Aw man, I was expecting them to honk more and Eminem would tell them Fuck You! What a missed opportunity
Eminem being used by Hollywood to distract people from being disgraced by Harvey Weinstein.
All of these idiots saying Trump is unqualified because he hosted the apprentice and now they want an ex-addict washed-up rapper just because he agrees with them...has all logic been lost?
so now that em bashed Trump, the faggot left is cool with that. Back in the day I remember when Eminem ripped on homosexuals and was against exactly what's he's doing today. you cockroaches will never succeed in life and even after death. the joke is on you useless fucks.
will the real macklemore please stand up please stand up
eminem broke? (((they))) are getting desperate...
Why are those Black gentlemen just staying there? DEAD! 😂😂😂😂
When did Slim become parody of himself!! Edgy stuff LOL
Watch Trump tweet  loser eminem is failing and he has low ratings.
Who's Macklemore? Never heard of him.
Im really glad that guy is working for Colbert. He was one of my favorites on Conan
I have no clue what I just watched.
I wanted the horn beep to be timed to censor some of the lines with cussing in them, that would've been fantastic. You missed your one shot, and that opportunity comes once in a lifetime
That's no Macklemore, that Vanilla Ice obviously! The nerve of some people...
True, Em is eerily quiet on Trump compared to Bush.
Come on now, that ain't Mackelmore... that's Dan Smith from BYU.
i get that it was scripted but what the fuck was this??
Subsribe me i will subscribe i back
Woah, woah, woah.... Slim shady, take a rest, old man. Catch your breath before you keel
Watch Em not take this lightly aha
More like Kevin Durand Trump Dis.
shit skit
lmaooooo
Dammmmmm throwing that shade
Macklemore > Traffic
SALUTE! ✊🏾✊🏾✊🏾
What a joke
They totally clowned him.
Bruh lmao
Who gives a shit about this washed up wigger junkie cunt?  \n\nSuck more black cock feminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdRYmWNgnvY&feature=youtu.be
LlS\nSlC  Toyota Late Show with Stephen Colbert Edition
Hahahah
People find this funny?
Wrost diss track
Make Eminem great again
This is stupid...
Lmao
Kkkkkk
Em is whack
Run him over......
Just ruined a freestyle rap congrats
its g-eazy
funny.
Slim dickhead , fookin spotty little Herbert, slim anus fookin dick!!
Cringy.  What is this ? Snl
Idiot
He sounds right cunt on this
What car company is *LS SC?*\n\n\n                 ⬇\n\n\n\n\n\n*Late Show* with *Stephen Colbert*
BRUH! This freestyle have Trump supporters, you knowcloset racist so mad. They calling him everything but a child of god. That goes to show you like Trump said QOUTE: I can shoot a man in broad daylight and not lose 1 supporter might even gain a few. Trump called men expressing there rights sons of bitches but has yet to condemn the Las Vegas mass murderer if PEOPLE TRUMP supporters is the problem they will not call Trump out on one of his lies! That my people is SCARY ASF? He even lost the VOTE but all you hear is he won? That's like the Patriots winning the Super Bowl but lose cause the NFL P.A. said no we're giving it to the Browns JUST CAUSE. This my folks is why we should not vote next election everyone in America cause obviously they gone pick the candidate who will distract the American's the most why they do there dirty work.
Eminem is cringe, he was best staying in hiding.
It's just not funny tho is it
Stephen Colbert has a little tiny penis
What about the scene where Eminem was still relevant? Or right that was 15 years ago.
My comment was NOT edited
I was waiting for Stephen's reaction to this 😂
Eminem is cringe !! 😂
Embarrassing just totally embarrassing. \nNo flow, time to retire Em. I loved ya back in the day. But it's time to hang it up man.
that bitch in the car is ugly as fuck!
was this supposed to be funny? you failed
The wigger queer looks like he's got Aids
Has Eminem dissed Weinstein?
One migrant offspring moron bigot dissing another migrant offspring moron bigot
That was lame af lol
racism at its finest liltle jewish cunts
😂😂get a proper job😂😂
this is the most unfunny thing I've ever seen
Urgh, how is this show still on tv...? It's fucking propaganda bullshit... Same with Fallon, Kimmel - all that shit.
I am personally offended by this
How is this comedy this isn't funny at all
what a role model. eminem is trash.
fucking wank stains
Keep pushing the bullshite libtards
It was just a prank, -Han- Woody!
I wish I still had YouTube red!!!Because I love the first one!
TBS or Adult Swim will likely air this after AT&T complete the acquisition of Time Warner. RT is co-owned by AT&T. Bring It On! (I have go to watch the first one though).
i predict strong 5 out of 10. watchable
Lazer Team 2: The movie the community wasn't really clamoring for but I guess we'll still watch it anyways and at least we don't have to crowd fund it this time so that's a plus
I love this studio...
Nicole Bloom who plays Amanda from Shameless. Yes, she is topless in that show. You're welcome.
Only issue right off the bat is I feel like Gavin isn't going to be in much of the movie, and Gavin is one of my favorite parts of the first movie so I'm really not sure how to feel about this trailer
For some reason I can't be excited for this idk why
There are jokes here about Gavin still never being at work, and Across the Galaxy is really just across the ocean in jolly ol' England
Is that Emily from Until Dawn? It looks like her
nice gavins gonna be present for 5% of the movie just like how hes present 5% of the time already
What is it with Rooster Teeth and rifts
How come this community doesn't understand jokes or sarcasm?\nThat's all this channel is
Is that emily from until dawn? if it is and you didn't make a joke aout the butterfly effect i will be disappointed.
They got that one girl from shameless.
This and the first Lazer Team are the main reasons why I have my YouTube Red account. I'm so hyped!
Really hope this is rated R...
End of lazer team 1: \n*Ice cube's voice*\nyall motherf*ckers is going to space
If there isn't a Delorean in this film, so help me....
THU CUT OFF HIS HEAD\nYOU KILLED HIM
Cant wait to see that sweet sweet Delorean
Amazing also I feel like Michael just plays himself in these movies
Lol Gavin is lost! That makes so much sense!
I think I'm more excited for this one because now I know what I'm getting myself into lol
sir they have locked lasers onto us
I watched the 1 now I am watching the second when it comes out
So there going into another dimension...ok\n(Silently hops they meet the reds and blues)
So this is it, huh, we're some kind of Lazer Team?
is that amanda from shameless?
I'll be honest, I REALLY liked the first movie and I'm looking forward to this one. Maybe it's the fanboy in me talking, IDK.
I feel there going to scale back on the sequel. But I'm still excited. The dynamic between the team and the scientist might be interesting.
*when Gavin is taken* YOU BASTARDS
Jesus wait, I haven’t even seen the first one yet...I want to if you wanted to know
I have yet to see the first one, and you're already bringing out a second. Bravo, dudes and dudettes - bravo!
...I see the writing is still clever.
first one was meh, but I liked it just cause of burnie, michael, and gavin...this one looks meh, but I will watch it cause of burnie, michael, and gavin
*AND YOU DIDN'T BRING ANY EXTRA PLUTONIUM?*
I hope the dialog volume is a bit higher in the movie than in the trailer, some of the texts were hard to make out.
all aboard to the HYPE Train!
IS THIS ONE PLAYING AT TORONTO AFTER DARK TOO???
Reviews for the first one weren’t good, because people never watched roosterteeth, the jokes were great and I loved it, this looks even better
Why is Gavin/Woody not in that thumbnail?
Is that Emily from Until Dawn?
This one looks wayyyyyyyy better then the first one
I can't wait!
Can anyone please tell me the name of the song playing? It's so goofy I need it.
From the thumbnail I was worried they cast Lindsey as the scientist.  thank god it didn't happen.
I am really happy this is coming out soon! way to go RT, I'll see you in theaters next month
I hate to say it, but i'm kind of surprised there doing another one after the last one did so poorly.
The first one was really bad, and this one looks worse from the trailer only.
Anyone wander why this is on trending with 200k views and h3s video with 10mil in one day wasn't... YouTube there's other ways of advertising! Which are fairer too
I feel bad about Gavin, he is poor when he got stuck across the galaxy, but I like the girl's hairstyle.\n👏🏻🖖🏻👌🏻👍🏻✌🏻️😃
I really do hope it's better than the first one.
change the name to razor team and slit your wrists..
Lazer Team 2: Finding Free-mo
Gavin couldn't film because he was in Britain the whole time The Movie
Didn't they lose like $800,000 on the first Lazer Team? Hope you can pull it off with the sequel Rooster Teeth...
I legit just watched lazer team again before i saw this! We doing a fund for this one too?
I'm a bit disappointed that it isn't La2er Team
How long before It's not a DeLorean! becomes a shirt?
I can see that the writing hasn't really improved much...\n(JK, I love you guys)
Oh God, does this mean every single RT video is going to start with the teaser This video brought to you by the new movie Laser Team 2. Coming November 22?
Lazer Team is slowly becoming SuperStore. Can't wait for Dina to be in Lazer Team 3.
aye they got emily from until dawn
im so happy right now!!!!
I bet it's actually a DeLorean.
With each Lazer Team movie, we slowly replace all the original cast with the Superstore cast
Lazer team 2: Electric Boogaloo
Yayyyyy
Lazer Team 2: Strangerer Things
Lazer team X
No. No. NOO. NOOOOOOOOOOO!
Laze team 2 =  Big hero 6
Ahhhh!!!! Yes!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Woo!  (•̀o•́)ง
lol
I CANT FREAKIN WAIT!!!!
Hot garbage 2: dumpster fire
YES!
RWBY İS COMİNG TOMORROW
IS ThAt Max
It's not Delorian!
oh no
will dis be on da Netflix
Yayyyyyyyyyy
This looks good
Beutumis
Haha haha so funny
Looks good
Lazer Team 2: Git Lazerer.
NO GAVINOOFREEEEEEE unsub
Can't Wait!!!!!
Ew
I'm excited
ITS NOT A DELOREAN!
Oh yes
This is going to be a fail
im kinda surprised since the first one bombed
Chance has always been a role model for me and it's crazy to see how far he's come. I'm so proud of him. He inspired me and showed me the way. He was one of the main reasons I started rapping, Thank you Chance. P.s..If you guys got a minute, check out the music on my channel.I promise you won't be disappointed.
Is that bass line from something?
I was not expecting such a dope track with a good message!! awesome, check out my reaction to it guys!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pza9rRR7whA
is that bon iver at 2:15 taking pics!?
Anymore similar songs? Please I love this kinda of beat 😍😍
Great song, honestly is. But how all the black people trying to get to the penthouse, just let the protesters AND cops in after they simmered down and the representative hat, being a symbol of the deep rooted fucked up times in america, was taken off like eh forget it.? hmmm?
had no idea john legend dropped a new song... damn, it's been a cool minute . i wonder if he can compete with james arthur, etc. you know, the new cats...
THIS IS MY JAM
i've been listening this song in 2016 why they upload the clip in 2017
Oh humans. This is controlled opposition boule uncle Tom shit.
Newman and Legend, love them both <3
Wasn’t this off cruel summer... also who knows when or if cruel winter is dropping
Song been dope didn’t think he’d drop a visual but good job
real ones been known this SLICK TRACK
The message to this music video is ridiculous, great song and overall work of art.
I like the end because after he is done, every thing continues as it was before showing that a song isn't going to solve our problems, because we have to.
I’m in this video 👌🏾 still waiting for my check to come in the mail...hopefully this week 🤔
I always love John's songs...
And Liam Payne is realising a song called bedroom floor! What's next, toilet room floor after a drunk night out?
I need those glasses that John legend is rocking.
Great collaboration. Great song and video so much meaning!!
Yet another song of his with a beautiful meaning under it. The world has the urge to come together and only then we will live through joy and happiness! ... \nEvery life matters! Please think before you act
get to know more about dj brio by visiting my official youtube channel and like more of my videos and remember to subscribe https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfFSB-s04G9MdHSFOllxgCw?view_as=subscriber
This is so flat
I'm dying for those glasses
handsome john lagend with beautiful singing and nice video..
Jesus saves and changes lives. Politics doesn't. Run from the world John and run towards Christ.
John Legend is seriously sooo darn handsome 😊 Guys mind checking out my channel ? I write and rap to my lyrics 🙃
my favs in one song. so DAMN L I T
This video is cute or w.e. but I was disappointed that I didn’t see Chance
This video speaks volumes! Hitting you with the sad truth, with jazz/blues undertones. Legend is a legend as always. 🌸
I swear this song was about John taking a woman up to the penthouse floor to make love.....I swear my brain is so brainwashed to think a song with this beat is about sex. I never took the time to LISTEN to the lyrics. Thank you John and Chance. Great message.
I totally forgot about this song till the video😅
i like his haircut. clean and subtle
Yaaaaasss man !!!!👌👍👌👍👌
Is this attacking trump
🖤🖤Legend indeed!!!
Son.  Facebook her.
Damn
찌찌 찌찌 찌찌찌찌 찌찌~~
Canta muito :o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNiVF5MtHSk
hey same
chills on chills on chills on chills LOVE
Sooooooooooo where Chance at?
FUCKIN BEAUTIFUL
Cotton Club
Me encanta
다스는 누구껍니꽈!???
Dah Glasses he wear is super Dope tho
GOOD
Legend is legend
He looks like Gus Fring.
horrible
He said Shit
Great video. Great message.
Old racist white people that dont care about anyone but themselves and their own race 💯
Keep up with the anti police shit. Trump 2020
I never knew Gustavo Fring from Breaking Bad was such a talented vocalist.
4.30 when he took off his “make it great” cap. That shit hit me hard
Chance verse was trash. He was better than this.
Maybe it's just me, but a bespectacled John Legend reminds me of Gus Fring.
Who’s here before 0 views :-) like if you are !
Kick back show tonight@7pm go download the power 214 app or go to www.power214.com come kick it with us you can also call in at 2147597797..
the government and the media knows that peace is not profitable so they keep us divided...  how else are they going to build a wall or break same news a million times?
bring us all together once and for all.
Its like Pharrel Williams and Bruno Mars got together to produced this for John.
Possible frame personally loss widely attack Chinese recession place count age
I like this metaphor
He is so hot🔥🔥🔥🔥
Didn't understand this song until I saw this vid.
Fuuucckk for real??? I had no idea this jam was John Legend's
how are people mad at this? theyre literally spreading love between everybody at the end.. i swear some people want division..
Damn, what a cool new sound!
holy shit, the political message in this is incredible
Love it, but i wish chance had been in the video
Meanwhile in Los Angeles, a local barber in my area just got arrested for selling drugs. Blew my mind. I've been his customer for years. I had no idea he was a barber.
Don't read my name
Mr. John my favourite... congratulations this is incredible  😃
This is beautiful
#staywoke
Heya! ! habitat It    looks like   strongly cute%valuable
great message!
This is fire🔥
nice videos & music
Rise above your differences
legned are legned
yes men!
Someone watchin' in 2017? :D
When did Gus fring start making music?
Unless ago daily notice adopt clear.
Chance the rapper= Instant click
<3
Great message!
❤❤❤❤❤
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
This is tight!!
JESSE
I LIKE IT
I believe my music is on the same level! please give me a listen and like the video if you agree! :)
fuck. This isnt featuring Jake Paul? *dab*
fire
Garbage promoting racism.
2 pac ?
🔥🔥🔥
pray for Gordon Hayward 🙏
hard asf and real asf
nah for real
Aye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpS4dd6iQ9o&lc=z23tgj4wmue4fhqtvacdp430ddu2fpjxih0ndhkzss5w03c010c
Who else cant understand him dawg
Shou out from NM 🔥
Fire
<3 21 21 21
fucking mumble rappers
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
MAGA bitch, deep song tho
💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾 21 I salute you mann
Touching 🙏💔
all true
#AllLivesMatter
PANTS UP, DONT LOOT!
Love you 21
Trump isn't racist ignorant tools.
Auto tune mumble rap. Hot garbage
Hard
Deep✊✊
SAVAGE
Fuck 12 always and forever
🔥🔥
this song tutched my hart
This is 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Banger but really deep bro🚬🔥🔥💯💯
this was deep
Love this!
He's got nice earings
#HandsUpDontShoot 🙏🙏
Who disliked this?
that moment when you realise he's at the funeral... dope lyrics and video
Oh shit this is different. This song heavy asf
songs like this can really expand 21 savages career we need more people to speak out and use their platform for the millions of people who don't have a voice
One of the hardest songs off the album imo I been tryna tell people
Start of song is best
He didn't write this nor did he come up with the idea
21 savage the type of nigga that do the video first before the lyrics
Bout the realist shit savage done dropped he go hard
Song is shit but i can appreciate the message
Is it me or am I the only one sad
Zaytoven when niggaz really gon put Respek on your name for real. My nigga got more keys Than Pablo Escobar.🎵🎹
Those rhymes though and word play
Trending Top 20. I'm calling it
All life’s matter I need to pray to president trump
Blood on the money much
I didnt see the nigga at 4:21 because he was blending in with the background
Pure Propaganda. Hands up don’t shoot was a false narrative.
If he didn't mumble so much he'd be the best rapper in the game, he'd have 0 comp, tomorrow or today
instead of a black store owner he should be korean
If you ah real 21 savage fan you know this ain’t his only deep song y’all mfs only fw niggas mainstream songs
Who’s watching in 2017?
Subtitles? I can't understand what he saying
future most definitely either helped him write this or some you hear it but this shit tuff
Wait....wait a minute: is 21 SAVAGE trying to be POLITICAL?! I mean...this is the same dude that rapped about shooting people and selling crack in no heart. And I'm not hating-because I like no heart. But-I just don't get why he is trying to be all political, and shit now.
Congratulations sir. This is a very respectable song. Keep making songs like this. Peace be with you.
The lyrics are great, but this guy can't sing
I'm trynna feed my family\n2.5 seconds later\nyou make a couple million
This is deep, Amazing. 🙏
I feel like if a cop guns someone down wrongfully/ with malicious intent someone should just get one of their family members and execute them on the spot.
This mf is trash🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑can't believe this barless mf gets play cat n the hat flow
😍😍best song he ever WROTE
Police be killings us and getting away with it that's why where I'm from we shoot police DEAD !!! Bang Bang
Long Live 21 Savage an Slaughter Gang
she had a gun tho
This stuff powerful yo.. Didn't know 21 had it in him
Just another thrash rapper using politics to make their thrash ass song to be relevant. Nothing new here
 loadin up his chopper, he gon' show'em black lives matter
people say this song shows amber rose didn’t make him a pussy. This song was made before he started dating her so there’s still a possibility he’s just 21 not 21 savage
its so terrible we live in a day and age where people are wrongfully killed at such a growing rate
Okay I see you 21...
This song gives me a 2pac vibe and this music video gives me a bone thugs n harmony vibe. Anyone else??
makes a video about black lives matter but he's a member of Slaughter Gang???  what a bunch of fuckin ignorance.  Raps about shooting at people and now he wants to pander to people after he seen the praise Eminem got.
I didn't think he had it in him to rap about something different I respect the fuck out of it
This is trying to show that black people are purposely getting shot by white people because of their race. It even showed that it was like a 10 year old that put his hands up🙌 and the officer still shot him/her all of this racism NEEDS TO STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Besides why would a 45-55 year old shoot a young child SHE PUT HER HANDS UP AND HE STILL SHOT HER. THE DAMN OFFICER IS ACTING LIKE SHE REACHED IN HER DAMN POCKET AND GOT A GUN. TEXTING IS BETTER THAT SHOOTING!!!🔫🔫
Chance said the system
21 Savage is one of the most introspective rappers of our time. This nigga just covered mass incarceration and civil rights in a way i've never looked at it before. He's not preaching, he's just saying this is what happens when this happens.
Lost his faith in jesus christ now he praying to a bandana damn that's deep
Getting call a nigger on xbox aigth nothing new
You should make a music video about Famous
Even if you don’t like 21 and dislike songs listen to the meaning of the song. I’m personally white but I hear all the shit black people get. I just wish these people get the meaning of songs like this.
Stupid ass vid with the white cop shooting black kid. If anyone is racists it's all u niggers. Get over it u fkn pussies
Looks like 21 savage finally got a heart🔔
This song makes me want to ask a homeless man for spare change
Bruh... What Amber Rose did to this man???\n\n\n\n\nStill hard but🔥
It would be litty if Jake Paul had a verse on this.
This is real rap shit🔥🔥
Finally a new school rapper who doesn't just rap about his money and fame.
This is deep listen closely i shed a tear🤧🔥
Police gunned his brotha down now they loading up they choppas to show them black lives matter 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Lebron in the cut
Blacks kill blacks wake up
21 music dies in 2019
Stream or Download the song here: https://goo.gl/YRmPcF Thanks for supporting us!
I love it!!!
YOU GUYS AWESOME.
Just want to... Meet ur momma 😏
Trời đựu móa vãi cả cứt <3
Feelin fresh are ya ;)
legendary cover!
Eletric Feel, please!!!
This is amazing
Great video..great performance...super awesome
She has nice Feet!
Team beardman!!! HEY YAAA!!!
amazing cover :D
beard guy's dance 😍😍😍😚😂😂
SUPER!!! :-)))
love it!
Omg,great show.....awsame
Her laugh at 2:25 hahaha
💕
Wote essence!!
ahahah :-D , great fun Wonderful ... W (M) uppets
OMG YOU GO BEARDMAN
Most beautiful executed
The best video OMGG
https://www.fiverr.com/dipa49/do-viral-youtube-promotion
Very funny!!!
Happy birthday red beardguy
EXCELLENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Superb video!!
2:56 ROFL
Awesome....
WOUHOUUUUUUUU ! :D
Well done!! AWESOME and FUN COVER!!!
Bahahaha what a riot
Awesome-est band evaah! ❤️
Yeahhhhh
O. M. G❣️
oh dear xDDDD
HEY YA! 😎
This is so cool omg 😍
I love U guys. You make my day. Allways a bite of great energy and smile :)
That put a smile on my face. Pure fun.
You are awesome guys! Everything that you made is awesome! Love you!!
I'm coming to see you guys on tour I CANT WAITTTT!!!
Holy cow!  This is now my favorite!  So good!!!!
what a cool video!
Holy shit you guys still got it! I love you guys so much holy crapppp! <3
i would love to see you guys do more with the hang drum! this is  Rubio, fellow London ON hometowner,
wow so much work behind this video! I love it <3 never gets boring watching you guys.
what are those two trumpet-like instruments at the end?
Nearly had a heart attack when you threw the ukulele...
Wow! you guys put some work into this...! thumbs up
where the heck do you keep all your gear
how many guitars crashed into a wall or someones face while trying to learn that?
No matter how shitty my day is, your videos never fail to make me smile.... no joke i have aching cheeks here. I just want to thank you so much for your BRILLIANCE and all the effort you put into these. It's really appreciated
This was such a fun video had me dancing and singing. You are all so talented and fun. Made my day happy listened a few times in a row. And yes of course I shared it. <3
WOW - and WOW again you guys are awesome!
O, my bad. I read the title and thought you were talking about the people of California.
This is our favorite WOTE video-and we have been following along for 3.5 years! Y'all bring happiness to our world. xxx
Ya'll have way too much fun!
I love you guys!
Majestic beard guy at 3:05 is me when mom asks if i cleaned my room.
We heard you in our music lesson. You're amazing
That s so funny❤😍
I want to see y'all play the Eigenharp. You'd rock it!
This is what happens when Crazy Canadians get ahold of a Hip Hop song😀
So much fun!!\nI enjoyed watching the cover very much
That was so much fun! haha
I think this is one of the best things I've ever seen in my entire life! So fucking great arrangement! Absolutely amazing, gonna watch 300 times more!
Oh my god Guys you are AWESOME!!!!
Awesomeness, epic energy. You guys rock. Ice cold cool.
Oh my goodness!! SO So talented and so much fun to watch!
Damn it, you guys, is there an instrument you _can't_ play?\n\nHurry up and get your collective arses back to Australia! :)
I can't believe I've never thought of this before...you guys should collaborate with Kurt Hugo Schneider!!!
Haven't seen this one yet... LOVE all of the FUN in this one!!! Even PUPPETS - ha ha!  Hey, Ya... have about a thousand people already commented that Ryan Marshall looks like the doppelganger of actor Eric Christian Olsen (Deeks on NCIS Los Angeles)???  :^) You guys are SOOO incredibly talented!!!
Hahahaha, well done WOTE, i had so much fun.. very entertaining..
Wow, amazing video and you guys are so cooooool together!
I am literally never going to put this much effort into anything I ever do in my life and it makes me angry
Brilliant as always, you guys rock.
That gave me so much joy. Also WHERE DID YOU GET A HANG DRUM???!!!!!
Loved it... I don't even wanna think about the 2000 takes it took to get it right! :O
Please come to Dallas, TX! I adore you guys.
Wow, they've actually managed to one up themselves yet again....
LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH
If I wouldn't be subscribed already, I would definitely be now! You did again something incredible!
Played it all day long and shared it with coworkers, who thanked me for bringing light to this Monday. So making the thanks flow your way, as deserved \n❤
I aspire to be as smooth as 2:18
I lived to see Beard Guy shaking...HELL YEAH!
I was screaming throughout this whole video! SO GOOD! 🎈🎈🎈
Damn Marshall looks very handsome in this video😳😅😍🙈
your videos are SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL & ORIGINAL!! I LOVE YOU SOOOO MUCH <3
THE BEST ONE FROM YOU GUYS!!! MADE MY DAY!!
I cant keep up with the flying instruments
just incredible.....no other words to describe it. the most wonderful of my favourite song. thank you for being so gifted and sharing this with the world
Not to often a band gives you such good visuals with such good music. Really amazing job. You guys are inspirational
My girl and I have been following y'all for 4 or 5 years now and y'all just keep getting better and better.  Thank you so much for allowing us into your lives and allowing us to enjoy what you OBVIOUSLY enjoy so much.   We love you. lookin forward to the ride.
you realize Hey Ya! is the best song ever when even Walk off the Earth can´t make it better than the original...
OMG!  You just made my day, my week, probably my month!  This is so much fun!  Thank you guys!
Hi guys, thanks for featuring the Spacedrum® (Metal Sounds company, France) in this cover, that's really great!
OUTstanding entertainment! I wish I could afford to become a paying patreon supporter! If you ever come to the Orlando/Tampa area, I will definitely be at that show. Keep it up, guys!!
I'll play this on loop till the new film comes out.  I don't care Sacred Bones Records buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
I hope to god this gets used in the new film.
8:30pm alone in school , puts headphones, turns volume all the way up = A little piece of terrror gets proyected in the mind :)
I like how it incorporates rhythms from the piece Myers House from the original soundtrack
I feel like there was more to Micheal Myers than we know\nLike I think maybe he survived literally everything for a reason\nI think a part of him wasn’t human
pretty sick\nthanks for the upload
Garbage compared to the original
I guess I’m gonna be this guy, but I really don’t like this. The strange pizzicato lead part just rubs me the wrong way; the highest note of each phrase sounds too flat. And most of it’s just “spooky” ambient noise. It ends up sounding like a twisted remix of the original.
Is this for the new film? And is this a reboot?
This is pretty terrible
Please don't fuck this up!
Hey guys! You guys think yall help me to get me to 500 sub's? I'll be subscribing back to everyone who comments DONE! My channel consists of vlogs, song covers, and my own originals! Enjoy if you choose to do so! 😄
Subscribe to Colin flaherty the truth ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️the FBI numbers are out
Well the film will be rehashed shit but at least we got this out of it.
i approve of this message
Meh . I didn’t hate it but I didn’t love it either . It’s just meh
I feel that if done correctly, you can make a genuine horror movie that will make you scream and jump, but with music just like this. I envision that around 2:00 is when we know that Michael is near but we, just as the main character, do not know where, until the second the music hits 2:09 and she sees him and screams but you hear nothing but the song, before she continues to scream and run.
Finally something I can fall asleep too
Who would be the ideal director for the next one?\n\nMy votes either Darren Aronofsky or Nicolas Winding Refn
This Halloween Michael Myers is coming home Laurie Strode is coming home for the very last time to finally  kill Michael Myers once and for all can't wait to see the new Halloween 2018 can't wait
Master of the ambient background noise
Nothing like perfection! Anything Trent touched is a masterpiece....especially when they work together. Fucking love this! Reznor and Atticus forever!🖤🖤🖤🖤
Trent Reznor came thru with the jams this Halloween 🎃
🖖 I'm slowly peeking with one eye.
Amazing additions to a classic! Love it.
350 people do not know genius when they hear it.
20+ years later and that  parts that starts at 2:10 still makes me shiver. Love it!
So will there be a laurie's theme too? It's my favorite.
The ending part is dope! Should be longer.
I expected more, but this is good.
now this is scary! Love it.
I've been a fan of nine inch nails, have to say this is fuckin awesome!
The blackest eyes, the devil's eyes...
Is this is going to be in the upcoming sequel? I heard that a new Halloween project is coming next year so I'm expecting greater things.
It's $ P 00 K Y  S E A S O N
Nothing beats the original
With Trent and Atticus, of course it's brilliant.... ❤👌
What a shit show. This isn't even as good and powerful as the original theme and it's a nutless rendition that's bordering on elevator music. Hard fail, for fanboys only.
I KNEW when I saw Trent's name on it, it would be freaking amazing!!!
I heard good things. Will post my reaction after I watch
The most remarkable thing they captured was the dissonance of the original score.  I'm sure the low budget and technology at the time prevented Carpenter from editing the music properly, which created flawed, out of pitch notes which, coincidentally enough, added to the sense of unease that the movie imbued within the viewer.  To capture that essence of imperfection shows how much love and dedication they put into this rendition.
Ehhhhhhhhhh......... These guys ripped off that Lincoln Park song!
Did anyone else have sort of an ear shutter in the last few seconds? For me it seems to happen when music gets so chaotic, and then suddenly calm. It's so strange that music can trigger something physiological and involuntary.
How the fuck do they do THIS?!!
This must be what it's like inside Michael's head😶
wasn't sure at first but i dig
I need this on vinyl..Maxi 12 or 7
Halloween The Game: Sega Genesis
Secret Chiefs 3 does a fantastic rock version of this.
This is  as good as the outcast themes
I wonder what Profondo Rosso (the original) would sound like?
So much better than the original. The original was ok but this proves that adding a whole bunch of stuff could improve it. I like Halloween. Hopefully they'll remake the original movie and just add stuff to make it better. I like stuff that makes old stuff better.
Is this official for the new one ??
Not as good as the original :/ i don't see why so many people like this version better.
Was enjoying it till all that noise interrupted the mood, i'll have me some 78 please..
At 6:31 I can imagine Michael running to get his victim
Where you at John 5?
I can only imagine what Reznor and Ross could do with The Shape Stalks
I think i just came...
That hard shit at the end !
Fuggin awesome!! If you like this check this out https://youtu.be/5_9uBaRJ2eA\nA full thematic journey into darkness
This is good
Needs mo' Busta Rhymes fist fighting Michael 3/10
....Then Metro Boomin hops on the beat lol
Trent Reznor + Halloween = Sex
Oh no haha
Only scardey cat pussys dislike this
this is super Impressive it makes me wonder what Trent version of a Halloween remake would be since Rob Zombie is such a white trash hack and damaged Halloween to the point of no return....... 
...  No offense,  but,..  Eh 😞
I  love this.
Anthony santos
This actually sounds pretty fucking awesome.
nice music
*gay*
Whoa.
holy shit awesome
This is amazing.
Awesome!
chills
Great upload. Cool channel.\nNew subscriber.
NUT
melon was right
Yes yes
Divine🎃🎃🎃🎃😍😍😍
BOSS!
Noice
This sucks
00:55 woooooooooooo 🔥🔥
Michael Myers Slays the Rave
You're next.
Sweet!
Holy crap. Awesome. My favorite Halloween 🎥 and director. 🎃💀
Awesome... \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYour turn, Hans Zimmer.
Awesome.
<3
Nice!
Ooft
This sucks...
Has stranger things vibes
I don't understand why the Halloween theme needs a techno version. But whatever.
Reminds me of my husband on our wedding day, I cried too.
Should’ve disabled comments
The kid looks so confused.
This is so sweet :,)
n'awww adorable
This is the one time that I approve disabling comments
I wish I had a boyfriend who would look at me like that
When the waiter finally comes with my food
Is that Rochelle's son Jordan?
i'd like to see this guy on a game show
I want to be this in love...
I cried too, but I was crying because i thought my life is over I’m officially her prisoner 😂
Lovely video but just you wait and he will find she was boinking the best man all along because he too emotional lmao
Black bitch
Beautiful 💗
He's crying because he can't get a refund on that atrocious singer they hired.
he's crying because he knows that tonight he's gonna have to stick his dick in that hippo
Black people are so dramatic.
Little boy going damm what a bitch, stahp this is embarassing.
What a fag!
We love this time of year!  Happy Nostalgia-Ween!\nGrab a signed IT (2017) Nostalgia Critic title card here - https://theawesomestore.com/index.php?dispatch=products.view&product_id=30000\nSupport this weeks charity - https://afsp.org/
This is basically a review of himself talking to himself. He's finally gone insane.
Not very scary but an entertaining coming-of-age flick nonetheless. Looks and feels way more epic than a $35 mil budget should allow.
As bad as the original 1990 It was, I would hate for the 2017 It to be better to the point that nobody watches the original. So in a weird way, I'm kinda thankful the 2017 It succeeded where the original failed while also not being the original.
I watched IT when I was on a date. It was terrifying to me only due to the fact that I I'm not great with horror films. I'm a jumpy chicken shit. Lol
8:32 Doug, you’re a freakin liar! He did NOT look like a normal guy, he was twisted & deformed as FUCK!!
22:46 My band friends actually turned that into a meme featuring one of our instructors. XD
for everybody who doesn't know what happens in the book..\nit.. it's a orgy.. all this time her freakin dad was actually onto something, not wanting her hanging around boys..\nanyways it was a gross plot point for the whole Bond thing so not including it in the movie was a good choice
Are there any good transformer movies? Why would anyone bury something imaginary?
YES THE I.T. CROWD THANK YOU MADE ME SO HAPPY HOLY FUCK
Do i need to explain why having people float in a tube is not a good addition to the movie? The whole point is that dead bodies float in the sewer water, not that he magically lifts people into the air.\n\nAlso the true love kiss is a way better choice than what Stephen King went with
IT was a funny movie, but a typical American hollywood flick.\nIT was so bad, I had to go and watch _Come and See_ which left me mentally scared for life once again.
'Just embrace it you oddball of denial!' I just love that line!'
Who's on first?
hehe yeah. No one ever talks about the massive orgy the kids have in the book. Guess it's all part of growing up
Personally I thought the blood cleaning scene was a brilliant parody of the 80s montage trope.
What about killer klowns from outer space? Wasn't that the movie that made people afraid of clowns?
seeing hyper fan girl make machine gun noises made me think of when my grandma use to try and be tough before id laugh at her then she would beat me with a belt.
Some will say it 1990 got it, others will say it 2017 got it. Me I say nostalgic critic u got it.
if anyone feels triggered, you can say hello to my trigger biatch. Truly one of the best lines out there.
Hey please review poultrygeist night of the chicken dead.
Hey what don't was that 2017 it called dum dum style
For those wondering about the blowing kisses, they had an orgy in the book
Anyone else seeing Jack Nicholson's joker and Heath Ledger's Joker
Bring back Old Vs. New!!!
...my god you guys went down hill
This is Heather's best role. Am I right boys?! ✋
What about good children that didn't watch it?
Bill Skasgård played best as it or pennywise in 2017 it movie
I loathed the Theatrical version of IT . It sucked balls .
“Saw nobody float in the original?” What about one of the bullies who got killed by Pennywise? He was floating, wasn’t he?
I'm so glad this happened \nThe movie sucked big time
The headless guy was the first outlast guy's
I lost it when Tommy Wiseau showed up!!
The original it is better
The leper was horrifying what are you talking about 😂.
lol 3k downvoters  wow   in an age of hostility :P
The glorification of It was already dated since the release of Blade Runner 2049, which actually deserves the glorification.
Always appreciate the effort put into these, keep it up you're the best.
I don't know who you got to play Richie, but she is awful. She wasn't remotely funny.
Do You want a balloon?
That Richard Ayoade impression was spot on
So what happens in the book at the end with the relationship? I mean at 25:17
I'm glad to see Nostalgia Critic agree with me about the sewer scene. Skarsgard's Pennywise can't draw in children. \n\nGeorgie would've lived.
Isn't the One main character knows/finds out about backstory of respective residence kind of a Stephen King trope on its own?
I want to see Officer hoops DIE!
I don't agree that the old one is more memorable, maybe for older people it is but not for the newer generation. I agree with the other flaws that the critic mentioned. The new IT is great but it is not the best horror movie ever made, it is just a horror movie that has a good budget and good actors (recent horror movies have the worst actors playing in them).
Speaking of Tommy Wiseau for no reason, would you review 'The disaster artist' when it comes out?\nGreetings from Spain.
I can respect your opinion. To me, pennywise was supposed to be scary, tho Tim curry did an amazing job, his version of the character doesn't scare anyone because it's silly. I love the movie for what it was. Only thing I didn't liked was that I could tell some scenes penny wise looked like a CGI puppet and pennywise was wearing contacts, they didn't have to make him crossed eyed.
25:16 the keywords are it goes into detail
I agree with some points of Nostalgia Critic. But I think he's in general a Stephen King hater.
I thought Bill's Pennywise was the perfect amount of silliness and creepiness. He's personally my favorite. Is the movie perfect? No, but it's so fun and creepy!
So... When's the Sleepwalkers review?  That movie has morphing scenes only a year after Terminator 2!
loved the gag in the credits
My sister's afraid of clowns so nothing for her was funny I never saw it though.
23:30\nBehold, the arcane might of the great ancient hand gesture....\nTHE DOUBLE MIDDLE FINGERS
Let's see what the book says\n\noh god...
Wait was Rob or Doug the Tim Curry Pennywise in this review?
When are you going to review the 'almost' Stephen King movie, Lawnmower Man?
The moment Beverly opened the It book to ask what she would do I knew shit was going to hit the old lady
Loved the review and love NC, but Doug needs to practice fake laughter more.
What song is he playing when the kids r cleaning the blood? That is catchy
OH HAI MARK! WHAT A STORY MARK!
this has gotta be the best one yet I was laaaaaaughing
old vs new blade runner (both good movies, could make an interesting topic)
Almost got I'm from Batman.
Throughout the movie I just kept thinking how much Pennywise sounds like Hoggle...
“New White Bill” sounds like a bill republicans would Pass
LOL, the headless guy CGI character is Miles Upshur from Outlast
MEME ME!\nMEME ME!\nMEME MEME MEME ME!\n\nMEME ME!\nMEME ME!\nMEME MEME MEME ME!\n\nI think we already did...!
Gazebo 
You MUST talk about Xavier: The Renegade Angel.  It is probably the most wittiest cartoon I have seen in my life. It's currently free to watch on the Adult Swim website, watch it, please.
OH HI MARK!
This review was masterfully funscure. :P
Penny wise turned into Danny davito lmao
MEME ME\nMEME ME\nMEME
MEME ME!  MEME ME!  ME-ME-ME-ME-MEME ME!
kys
WAHAHAHA
Up next: Halloween 2007
Dat Jared Leto burn...
Sounds exactly like Richard
Save Mr puppy the the puppy!
nItpick
IT is shit ha it ryhmed
What the f***
Wtf kinda big ass gun is that?
Hey, Jeff Dunham is f@#ing hilarious!
ha ha ha ha cheep cheep cheep
PLEASE AUDIENCE SCREENING!
rock war still funny
Lost it at Tommy Wiseau 😂😂
17:25 it was a weird scene in the mini series too...
I know the intro was supposed to be funny, but I didn't even smile.
Amm... what happens to Beverly in the book? Captain?
Jealousy is all these assholes convey, Nostalgia  critic how old are you making fun of movies that a white dopey piece of trash like you could never make. Saying the leper wasn't scary , pointing out mistakes and just being a nervy assholes. Half of the world  will disagree with u and second u were even taking swings at the 90's version that wasn't scary enough for now this on3 didn't try hard enough. Man, who says Andres muschetti was making it for you I love this film youtube should start a pension to have u removed.  And that's the point bitch penny wise is a clown cause it's a lure for kids cause what kid doesn't like a clown.
No one getting butt hurt over a theater shooting scene being in bad taste. What happened to the internet?!
I honestly think that Doug should have waited on this one until it came out. I'm not saying the reenactments are bad, I just think they lack the pizzazz of the normal reviews...
The best incarnations of the Joker were both scary and funny Just like how Jared Leto and Heath Ledger weren't, glad someone else recognizes it
You just had to do the simpsons jokes didnt you... Just had to mock it... Its not all bad after season 6.
Clean and clear explanation. Pretty cool😎
I don't know why but this is one of my favourite MKBHD videos
All this time I chose a smart phone camera based on things I need and performance I liked from that camera. DxO mark ratings or any other ratings will fade if you don't get what you were looking for from the camera. So like you said, grain of salt.\nOr a teaspoon.
My S7 edge in coral blue got 88!!! Woot!  What will my S9 get one day? 100?
Thanks MKBHD. This is really a great info video!
Thanks for informing the rest of us. You made some great points about how the score is weighted based on certain aspects of camera performances that are subjectively emphasized over others. I also didn't know about the partnerships, or that the score wasn't out of 100.
this is the fatest iphone that we've ever made XD
Your best video ever. You’re smart 😀
Wow, thank you so much for putting this video together and explaining how the scoring works. I thought it was out of 100 as well haha. Now I'm informed!
Their review of the old 808 definitely seems strange. They have the 808 as the lowest rated phone. That's the 41MP camera from 2012.
Dxo is bs i think.
MKBHD mark
Thanks for clearing things up
Where should you go for prime tech journalism? MKBHD.
Do explain videos like this more.
You can tell MKBHD is tired of all these scores and finally had to say something. Haha great review guy.
This proves again and again how great a YouTuber you are! Great job as usual MB.
Thanks for the breakdown
MKBHD fighting fake news since 2017
FAKE NEWS. READ THOSE RECEIPTS MARQUES YAS
MKOBEHD
Explained Nicely👍
It is very nice to have someone to point out that!
Thanks for the clarity around this rating.
Hi everyone l like everything about SMARTPHONE SO I HAVE A GREAT TIME TO INTERNET CONNECTION WITH YOU
I am thinking how much Google gave money to dxo
This video is super crisp and clean even at 240p (on a smartphone)
I have both a note 8 and a Pixel 2 and I completely disagree that the Note takes better portrait shots. The software of Googles camera more than compensates for the lack of second camera
thats why we watch mkbhd instead of paying attention to the press
The only one with the highest score! \nThat makes sense alot of sense...
Yo Marques, whats that bracelet you wear on your hand (the long one, covering your forearm and hand)? Pretty neat
Well benchmark tests are also 1 number so this is pretty much like that. I still use this number to determine if a camera on a phone sux or not
It’s like car brands they want to succeed on the Nurburgring, not on the road .
If I purchase a Cellular Ipad (AT&T)  - will I be able to make and accept phone calls on it through AT&T??
Is the Apple WATCH  LTE WORTH THE EXTRA VERIZON COST?
And it makes sense for it to be a linear thing rather than an out of 100 rating because what if a phone camera from 2011 got a 95 and then in 2017 a phone with a clearly better camera gets a 95 then was there an improvement?
Great insight about DXOMark ratings. Makes me wonder what other ratings these companies are using as a marketing edge.
Consulting for their scoring systems? Clever girl..
Bruh i totally had it with them wack  was phones! Review some more camera's/computers/tech!
This Benchmark isn't the most important
This video is a BIG SLAP to whoever bashing Dxomark ratings (including Google) lol...
Who else went to the DxO website after this?
bujo in the bg. bujo styled dots in the theme 🤔
That's why it's called marketing strategy
I really wish they'd put small bezels on the pixel 2 just like the pixel 2 xl
where is the galaxy s7/s7 edge? That should be listed
all the dislikes, I didn't even know Engadget had 1000 employees damn
As Always Best
Engadget deleted their video
Mate 10 pro?
Samsung bokeh :45\nPixel bokeh :45 ☺️
I only know who you are, cuz a dude at work recognized a whole bunch of your intro tracks, as music that I play at work.  Now I have a massive hate-on for you, for having early access to Wednesday's track. HOW AND WHY!?! I don't care about your tech reviews...how do you have early access!??!?!!?!??!?!
Quality of these videos are next level.
I Like your videos and all But most of them are about phones. Maybe look at good gaming lapots as I'm looking for one atm
iphone got 2 point less because single camera compare to the Plus, so they are telling that the pixel is a 100 point camera? ahahahah i think they took much much money
One day (God willing)you’re going to walk into Best Buy and see (((“MB”)))certified or reviewed on the box that you’re buying..just watch
Marques is usually so neutral (expect on dear Apple videos), it's funny seeing him go to town on tech press for their clickbait and superficial articles.
One of the best reviews I've watched concerning any aspect of smartphones! And I've watched a thousand of them.
You're not gonna get S8 for portrait photos. You're gonna get a proper DSLR for portrait photos. You can't get proper pictures with phones. Instead of buying a $1000 phone for taking pictures, buy a $200 phone and a $800 camera.
marques banging out awesome videos as usual. I remember when you were younger man. Man have you grown as well as your content. and you NEVER sold out :)
Well said! You are really a perfect techTuber I have ever seen! Love u mkbhd❤️!
I'm a sociologist and i found your video kinda awesome in an epistemology and methodology way. I make a lot of researchs in different areas and also work as a consultant for financial entities. Sometimes we have to weight the results in order to achieve a) the measures the universe is suppose to have or b) to put priority on what is important for the client. As a sociologist i know that measures are always artificial and imperfect  but if it is done rigoruosly, and that's the key word, it can help to achieve the objective (not perfect or universal but helpful). We have to understand that we, as humans, can't measure things in a pure objective way, there are always a lot of variables that aren't included in the researchs and the tools we use to measure are relative to our perception. So always grab investigations, researchs or reviews with a grain of salt, or better try to understand how the research was done.
stop it. Get some help 😂😂😂😂😂
Any Nokia android phone review coming ? At least think about it, please:)
i agree with you
Awesome video 👌
plz review the apple watch 3\ncellur connection
With all the flagship models, most cameras do great and you're right, it is difficult to tell the difference. After all, in real life, nobody is going to sit and compare your travel photos taken with the Google Pixel 2 or the iPhone 8. The best camera is the one we have with us, and more often than not, the most important element of the camera is the one who's pressing the shutter.
Good vid
Right on. Thank you.
Dope video & and thanks for dropping some knowledge.
I love your show. You deserve all your subs. Well done Sir.
how did Pixel get a weighted average of 99 when none of the individual values are as high as that
I'd get it if it had a headphone jack - _-
well explained !!
Anyone know where that Engadget video is? Can't seem to find it.
Are you going to do a full review of the Lg V30?
My man's video roasted Engadget so bad they removed their video from their channel 😂
Apple better pick up their game and make their designs and customization features better
Respect!
Good info
nice video bro...........
It's like the nurburgring ring for cameras. Smh.
Lg 30 has 100..\nBest phone camera yet
Great info, easy to get the point and very well presented.
Can u pls review the LG V30 now that the retail version has been released
Yesterday I had a weird dream. I dreamt about Marques and I were friends and we had an adventure together. He looked like a brother to me and like someone whom I admire a lot. Then I woke up. What a fucking stupid dream.
DxOMark is just a number. -Navi Dendi-
Respect.
awesome! Marques
Thank you!
Great...
Cute. YouTuber tries to explain things. Right.
best explanation ever
Much appreciated
Great video!
basically u r telling they r fraud withing saying it.
nice video
quality of smartphone camera - dxomark\nquality of youtube videos - MKBHOmark
Just... Wow.
Whoever dislike this fuck ya this sum real live shit
Goat
Nigga ITS DOLPHLAND🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬
Shit gave me the chills boy.
This nigga the hood goku
did shit hard af
Fire!! Fuck dat mumble jumble rap shit.
Fuck yo gotti
love u 🐬🐬🐬🐬
That bitch jam 🙌
Beat thumping on me.
Only Real can Relate.....###100
ITS DOLPH!!! 🐬🐬🐬
Deeper than Rap 🐬🐬🐬
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee🐬
Shit on repeat. 💯#realest
0:00 trash garbage shait from the start
This fye asff. Imagine this niggas album bruuh 🔥
💪💪
Nigga gotta kill something fuck all theses song dropping shit... Cmg up on Pre like 3 to shit... nigga if them niggas rocking paper route chains ain't shooting shit the need to be dropped cmg bussin shot this nigga bussin mediocre rhymes n shit smh
fire
Shit crazy cuzz
🔥
Deep
🔥🔥❄❄
dope
https://youtu.be/f3cnNBBsVNM
la merde...
🐬🐬
shit real
DOPE-----------------------------------------SONG
Dolph that nigga
This shit too hard !
This shit gives me goose bumps
🙏💪💦🔥
Dame this deep af
🐬 tellin a story n rappin. This shiit 🔥🔥🔥
They done fucked up for shooting Dolph
🗣👑👑👑👑👑👑👑 of MEMPHIS 💵💵💵💪💪💪💪💪💪
🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬 for life
🐬🐬🐬
Dolph is a legend
💯💯💯✔✔✔ it's Dolph
This typa dolph remind me of some old Plies shit.
Here before 1milli
Respect thats real
Nothing but facts 💯💯💯
Yo gotti ur a hoe bicth 🎶🖕\n🦈ma nigga God bless you bro
🐬🙏🏼💯🔥
Dolph too real
Go back to cutting hair Homie U ant Bot This life!
Can’t wait till he gets shot again so he can drop some mo 🔥
Went to grandma grave had to say I miss u 💯💯💯😥
this dolph is weak. we need that bullet proof 2. please dont put this weak shit on there
Yes bro let's go ✅✅✅✅✅✅✅
Gonna see him live @ rolling loud in The Bay area Saturday
Reminded me of that kendrick lyric video song recipe with Dre
I like how he said bitch.
Who else is wondering if he’ll get back at gotti after this?
This song makes me want to go work and tell my manager give me all the momey u got 🤣🤦🏿‍♂️💧💧
trill real street only love
1 Day you Here ., Next Day you Gone , Fr 💯
I got told not to visit, still did.
All I got to say is Bravo bra motherfuking vo. For a muthafucka  who got shot at n his bullet proof SUV  and survive then he got doo doo on in Hollywood survive. Doo doo on meaning he got gun down what is the haters thinking right about now that they still hear his voice and it wasn't no success on both times whoever promoted that's assination on both times of his  life hope (THEY) didn't pay THEM lol
This shit Bumps. and is real af.
Man i ben waiting for my niqqah gangstas move silence on god hit em here where it hurt...flex 💯💯💯💯 song going crazy
i could do without the profanity but i like the sum of the message
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see this.\n *THIS IS NOT CLICK BAIT!* Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me *share it* with others. *There's HOPE!* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Ida Mae Thornton got you mama low got you and miss Tammy! I been in Dolph all month all last month been down for you ..I follow you on IG...I actually uploaded a video of me listening to 100 shots on my you tube today. Today is my mother's birthday and she turned 47 first Thang I done was call her and told her I loved her today. My mama my heart man. I try to tell everybody I love them.I don't know how long I'll be here......this song is real!!! I like this Dolph. You sweet tea love you....definitely truth to this.....I  glad to see you out the hospital and you're back better than before. Your fans got your back bigger than them FUK haters... Still want that chance to go to Dolph's world🐬🐬🐬🐬🙌💃💃💃get it Dolph #pre it's wop season #1017 I pray you continue to live a life of blessings and success. You deserve this and I'm happy to see you pumping!!! Love the song Dolph...yasssss
Here before a million 💯
Ugk been telling yall for years the same shit one day you here the next day you gone hopfully yall open yalls eyes now #StayUpDolph
It's dolph!!!! Love from Albuquerque
This song smacking go check out KingMankey x80's
🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬💰💰💰💰💰💲💲💲💲💲💲💸💸💸💸💸💸💵💵💵💵💴💴💴💴💴💱💱💱💱💱💱💱💾💾💾\n real plug talk fuck them other Boyz San Antonio tone City got love ya homey real plug talk music you A1 music dog
its that time of the year there's a lot of shit going on around here tell your bitch dat you love her while your here
That intro called me a bitch so I didnt listen to the track.
Can't keep a real nigga down 🐬💯🔥
man u the truth dolph on my momma bro keep yo foot on these niggas necks!!!
gotti probably gonna take this as a diss... fuck it
Listen to my music on my channel
While you here make sure to hit that like button.
Who listening cause they tryna see if he dissing whoever shot him
Nigga got shot now he putting out soft songs he have to come hard.
On repeat the rest tha year
how you go from bulletproof to this? I'm confused,still love you tho..
They aint doing nothing but making him better 💕💯
Real niggaz don’t die, one of the coldest niggaz in the game 🔥🔥🔥
That's what I like bout dolph it don't matter what he going threw he still gone keep his head high much love dolph 👌💥💣🙏🙏🗣
Dolph a real MF fuck the dick riding shit
CMG about to have this nigga making gospel albums.
Here  before a million
Who's here before WWlll
I dont fw him but this song🔥💯
Dolph make me cryin for real bro. Thank you from the bottom of my soul. \/
This the type of shit I wanna hear from Dolph!
Realest song of the year 🌊💯 #letsargue 🤔
Nigga made this song he new he almost got clapd
He put up the flexin to be real 💯
Quit hating so much while u here
Nigga you sound trash
AXLE IS A BLOATED SHADOW OF HIMSELF, AND THE BAND IS SLOPPY. SELLING A FADED DREAM OF DAYS GONE BYE NOW IS ALL!!
Pink has some records to sell to those middle aged fans out there..give credit to her agent for showing up with Mickey Rourke for 30 seconds\n*LAME* sell-outs
😁 Wish Trump would have walked out and said I told you peeps that is all you need. 😁
Honestly, they sound better with Pink. That's exactly what they need. She can really hit those high notes, and she sounds very strong, aggressive, soulful. She has stage presence, looks kinda badass, and doesn't mind running around half naked. That's exactly what Guns n' Roses needs right now, to make up for Axl losing a step. If Pink came out in leather with her tits out, hitting all those high notes, nobody would notice Axl being old and fat.
I respect pink but as far as guns and roses I'll refer to Jason newsteads..opinion. Show up on stage on time. Don't make a habit of starting the show 2 hours late that's disrespectful to your fans and road crew. I'd never pay to see them live.
She's so out of time; very annoying. She's got a great voice, but this was a disappointing watch...at least for me.
Pink SLAMS Rose with just a few seconds Lol! \nBTW that final scream from Rose seems like the sound of a dying chicken! Fuckin awful!
Axl still has the pipes!! LEGEND!!
I know the world has changed, musical tastes too, but man... They had lots of talent. GnR were a one of a kind.
Was at that  show, all good but alllll Slash. Something must of happened to Axl cause he kept running backstage , taking long breaks and having Slash solo a loooot. Overall great show though.
Rock is for the young...This is embarrassing.
Axl needs to lose some weight!. yeah he is 55 or whatever but thats no excuse to not hit the gym and lay off junk food
That moment when you realise your guest sings your song better than you......
Slash still looks hot under that hat, hair and shades
Love it.  Axl is clearly whistling with a backing track, but it'd be impossible to pull that off ive every night.
Great video quality! What camera did you use?
Welp...... my life is now complete
Wow what's on his waist ??trash bags?? love the group but why the shaggy stuff hanging??? They still sound AWESOME!!
This band sucks.  Axl Rose is a complete tool bag.  And Pink??  WTF?  Real badasses!  Your street cred is gone.
What camera are you using to take the vid? Great quality for how zoomed in it was.
Thank you for sharing. You've got an excellent camera, what is it?
I had such an awesome time at the concert last night 🤙🏼☠️ sickkkkkk
I hope the it ain’t easy guy keeps his desire for a drug free life. Lots of temptation.
pinks voice works so well with the singer's voice
that was kool man
Makes scott weiland one even better..someone lock axl up
axl rose changed a lot
Que desastre la gorda
what dreary tripe!
great post!  for the latest concert, NBA, NFL and other live events, please check out http://findpromotionsonline.com/events.html
He looks exactly how I feel lol
Patience\n\n1,2,1,2,3,4\n[whistle]\nShed a tear 'cause I'm missin' you\nI'm still alright to smile\nGirl, I think about you every day now\nWas a time when I wasn't sure\nBut you set my mind at ease\nThere is no doubt\nYou're in my heart now\n\nSaid, woman, take it slow\nIt'll work itself out fine\nAll we need is just a little patience\nSaid, sugar, make it slow\nAnd we come together fine\nAll we need is just a little patience\n(patience)\nMm, yeah\n\nI sit here on the stairs\n'Cause I'd rather be alone\nIf I can't have you right now\nI'll wait, dear\nSometimes I get so tense\nBut I can't speed up the time\nBut you know, love\nThere's one more thing to consider\n\nSaid, woman, take it slow\nAnd things will be just fine\nYou and I'll just use a little patience\nSaid, sugar, take the time\n'Cause the lights are shining bright\nYou and I've got what it takes\nTo make it, We won't fake it,\nI'll never break it\n'cause I can't take it\n\n[whistle]\n...little patience, mm yeah, mm yeah\nneed a little patience, yeah\njust a little patience, yeah\nsome more patience, yeah\nneed some patience, yeah\ncould use some patience, yeah\ngotta have some patience, yeah\nall it takes is patience,\njust a little patience\nis all you need *\n\nI BEEN WALKIN' THE STREETS AT NIGHT\nJUST TRYIN' TO GET IT RIGHT\nHARD TO SEE WITH SO MANY AROUND\nYOU KNOW I DON'T LIKE\nBEING STUCK IN THE CROWD\nAND THE STREETS DON'T CHANGE\nBUT BABY THE NAME\nI AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THE GAME\n'CAUSE I NEED YOU\nYEAH, YEAH, BUT I NEED YOU\nOO, I NEED YOU\nWHOA, I NEED YOU\nOO, ALL THIS TIME **\n(ah)
Why are the guitars so high in treble..it hurts the ears
Lol..He is so bad pink had to stop singing so she wouldn't show him up
Which is pink a nd which is axle
Great as usual. Never disappoint
I can not love this enough
Damn axl even whistle like Mickey Mouse. Welcome to Disneyland city where the voice is lost and the vocal chords are ruined. ....
Damn, sure Axl ate a fucking lot of halal food outside the msg
Sorry.. it would have been the best if axl sang the whole thing. I mean pink did ok but the song is axl's.
So many wasted years with Gnr glad to see axel finally came around
Agh 💕 much to love to axl rose 💕💕 saw there this past summer and never rock n rolled so hard in my life 💕💕
👍👍👍👍⚽⚽⚽❗❗❗🙏🙏🙏🌹.
Até que ele se tornou um senhorzinho simpático depois de sequestrar o Axl Rose ... Rsrs \n\nBrincadeiras a parte, o vídeo ficou mto bom !!
I love you Pink
Yea she was always a huge fan! Good for her man!
Dam, Axl has gotten a fat belly. Guess we all get a little older and thicker around the waistline. Lol
My favorite band back when. Miss those days
She said stuck in the ground should be stuck in the crowd but overall she sounded great.I'm technical is all so don't mind me.😉
Omg. At least pink can still sing. Axle sounds like shit. Maybe thats why it took so long to get the balz to try again. Original GnR was the best.
at least PINK can sing--damn guns did you forget how to use the vocals??
It seems for her, was a dream come true ...
GnR was a great band. 20yrs ago. 💛
Shame.... I grew up with this band when they were the hottest thing going...Axl Rose looks like a tele tubby and should just sit down
Duff looks good,  straight edge gets the ladies,  blow is so eighties
Axl n Pink....Lets get this party started !!!
Please someone get a personal trainer for Axl
Even the god is smiling
G & R is a legendary rock band. Best time of my life was when they were at their peak in the 90's.
A lot of cake has been eaten by these two...
Duff seems to still be sexy af...
he is losing weight
GnR are actually relevant again! ÀND KICKIN ASS! just stick to the hits though we don't need another spaghetti incident
in the old days they would have had  nothing to do with her  type, pink , man o man, what happen
*_THANK GOD, that Axl Rose isn't a douchebag Trump supporter._*
Pink is the best female entertainer in nay genre\\\love that lady!
God .... Axl needs to drop about 30 pounds
Pink is a huge fan of GN'R. \m/
Ok, I knew Pink was cool, this helps prove it.
So freaking  awesome!!
bring BRITNEY....in that song uh..........you r fuckin crazy he he he
megunhatatlan
Fuck yes.
Terrible
Holy crap that was cool!
НИХУЯ СЕБЕ! Неожиданно!
love
Meravigliosooooooo....axl e pink♛♚
Guns n PINK Roses
axl rocking the dad bod
love
Awesome
❓
Fantastic
Oh wow!!!!!
Sou super, hiper, ultra, mega Fã Zaço!
*FUCK YEAH* \m/
Complete garbage
Gota love publicity stunts
Awsome
5:46 Wilhelm scream
Yes indeed...I'm getting older.
Epic. 😍
Pink & Dink
Yawn....
She is amazing
Get back to the moulin rogue where ya belong. G&R does just fine without u
lets face it . .she didn't exactly do a lot did she . .what was the point ?
pink messed that one up
damn pink is fatter and uglier than usual
mcgregors the A side paulie needs to bring his balls to mma
0-2 , damn, sucks to be McGregor fan when he's in the boxing ring,.
Lol yhh I'm ready for this
Paulie is crying for his biggest paycheck EVER!!
No one wants this shit, just do mcgregor vs Ferguson
This dude Paulie is probably the biggest cuck on my radar right now. The dude is grasping at straws to stay in the spotlight and get Conor to take a fight with him so he can get a decent payday for minimal work. Can't say I blame him, but he really needs to get real with himself and fuck off. Saying Conor has no balls despite the fact that he just boxed the greatest boxer even? This coming from the same guy that claimed Conor never touched him yet we saw video evidence to proof otherwise. Paulie just kind of seems like a pitiful schmuck who's career is over yet he clings to the media to try and stay relevant.
Conor is the a side as they say so get in the cage with him
This dude is still thinking about Connor's balls.
as an alpha male, you don't try this hard to get one back on a dude if he didn't kick your ass once. Paulie just got handled in sparring. big deal
Paulie  what are you talking about...you punch like a bitch!!!
He sure says balls a lot
PM U JUST A HIGH DEF TROLL LMFAO
Would love it if this fight happens. Never happier to see paulie getting knocked the fuck out!!!!
Sick of hearing this prick talk man
paulie man i love yea man but in a reall fight you die man.so dont be calling him a pussy
Get paulie into the octagon against conor, and then rematch conor floyd in the octagon, and lets see how long they last in there.
I GUARANTEE MALINAGGI WOULD KNOCK THAT IRISH CUCK OUT COLD. NO HEART AND NO BALLS. DEE DEVLIN WILL BE WORKING AT GIRL COLLECTION TO PAY THE BILLS
Can this guy just fuck off, I'd rather see Conor defend against Tony or fight Nate in the trilogy. None of this boxing bullshit anymore, if these faggots want a payday they can go to the octagon because Conor is the draw not them. Conor vs Floyd was an exclusive boxing match and Conor has no business in the ring anymore.
Who the fuck wants to see this ? I really haven't  seen any positive feedback from people on this fight. If this happens to be Mcgregor's next fight, he has to vacate the belt he cannot expect to put the division on hold for another 6 /8 months. He hasn't fought since Nov 2016 & it would be close to two years if this does happen .
who da Fook is that guy??
This is Paulie try to make money talk  😂😂😂😂😂
Why don't McGregor fight Canelo, he did so good against mayweather it should be a good fight right MMA fanboys?
Shut up you moron this guys doing my head in with that mouth I'll step in that ring with him and I have no boxing experience at all and still kick he's moaning ass...... Bored.
PURE BOXING IN THE OCTAGON WITH 4OZ GLOVES MAKE IT HAPPEN DANA
this guy is a walking mouth
Woahhh ground breaking info ....a boxer can beat a non boxer in boxing and an MMA fighter can beat a non MMA fighter in MMA. \n\nIn other news water is wet and fire is hot.
Love you Paulie and everything you do but I can't wrap head around when you say he's got no balls...he wanted the fight so he stepped up into the boxing world..maybe one of you guys should step into the octagon..if your not pussy
I’m a boxing fan first, but paulie is getting annoying as fuck begging for this fight. He got knocked down and he’s still salty as fuck.
Says he's got no balls yet doesn't want to fight him in mma ok
It ain’t gonna happen Paulie. Paulie is broke that’s why he is running his mouth
Paulie....get in the octagon...or STFU with the pussy shit!!!...you don't have a hair one on your tiny little balls, McGregor got into the ring with the GOAT ...which takes balls no matter what (even if it is just boxing)...that having been said, Paulie throws the terms pussy and no balls around quite a bit for a guy who KNOWS there isn't a snowballs chance in hell he'd fight under MMA rules!!! Paulie should be thanking Conor for making him even remotely relevant!!!
'conor has no balls'\n\nfirst of all, you aint even competed in MMA.\n\nsecondly, it takes a lot of balls to compete and win in the ufc so go figure
Doubt any real  boxing or MMA fans would have the slightest interest in this farce after the previous one.
Call a boxer bitch like canelo or broner not a none boxer
Took the best boxer that boxing has to offer 10rds. Mma best won't give Pauline or mayweather 30 seconds.
I hope Conor knocks his fucking head off! I can't stand that whiny little bitch
Nah...not interested in this fight in boxing or mma.  I’m sure Paulie would beat him in boxing and McGregor would kill him in mma.  But would rather see Tony Ferguson fought McGregor to legitimize lightweight division, anything else is a side show.
Come to the octagon Paulie before you start talking about balls.
MMA mate u want it bribg ur balls go to his sport
Bro Paulie with a full camp? Forget about it. And you know he’s gonna be training at TMT
You ain't getting it Paulie. No one cares about you, Conor & Dana have bigger plans sorry pal
McGregor gonna fight with a real fighter next : Tony Ferguson. Not your bum ass
You fil step in the octagon show your ballsack
Coward. At least meet halfway and fight under Muay thai or K1 rules.
Conor needs to return back to the Octagon. He better not continue in gaylord boxing.
i wont watch this garbage. it’s another con.  crap
Omg are we talking about diarrhea mouth Connor \nConnor  box like a fucken 12yr old kid boxing his first match
Fuck this little Rat. He cant fight for shit and talks shit. Just like Floyd. Even i would woop dat ass. Boxers Are the easiest opponent for grapple/kickers
In the Octagon Conor McGregor would whoop your ass and Floyd Mayweather's ass in one night
This just has to stop now 🤦🏽‍♂️ he got his ass whooped and he just begging for another one with a payday and it's embarrassing
paulie about to talk himslef into about 20-25 million.. not mad at him
Shout out to Tommy gun , come to my house and you'll be the dinner you fucked up little pussy , going to my videos and calling my daughters whores? You'll never know how lucky you are sitting behind your keyboard. And I notice you've deleted all your comments. You best pray we never meet.
Let's see Conor vs GGG \nOr Canelo vs Conor\nNot this pillow puncher who got embarrassed by Conor
Paulie is selling this right, playing with Conor's ego by daring him.......i hope it works so we get to know the truth!
Paulie such publicity stunt clown . Everyone knows Conor just made a social media post about a fight with Tony Ferg
Shut up paulie you a bitch if Conor that much of a punk why did he beat your ass man shut the hell up Conor ain't cumin bak to boxin he's got things to take care of in the UFC i.e. Tony ferguson Nate why the fuk wud he b bothered about a little punk weasel like you bitch
Your no Floyd.  You'll get dat ass whipped!
Who the fuck is that guy?
Who wants to see that shit again... Boring and circus shit..
Pure delusion stop begging Paulie get over it Conor isn’t fighting you
Some pleeeeeaaassseee. make a video edit of every time paulies said balls. not just in this interview, every one of them
paulie got hair implants! LMFAOOOO
HAHAHAHAHA Paulie would be MURKED....  WE ALL SAW WHAT HAPPEND
Everyone already forgot about paulie
Conman No Balls Mcbum knows Paulie is speaking facts.... Stick to the wrestling octagon gay ass Mcfaggot.....
Bring it to the octagon!
Whoever Conor fights next, he'll be labelled a pussy for not fighting whoever he's not..
Paulie stop it its about the money u will get like 10 mill for the fight ur biggest pay day
Malignaggi needs to start getting back in shape now
Awesome! If that fight gets made I hope it's a boxing match in a square box.
I hope Conor's been putting in them miles on the road
As a boxing fan , Paulie just leave this nigga alone already! Damn! Its over, he got embarrassed in a boxing ring already
conor get ready to gas again .
Washed up no power Pauline. Still trying to stay relevant. Nigga worse than a female.
Had respect for Mcgregor until he showed complete unwillingness to fight Paulie in a boxing match after all the shit he talked
Still fucking whining
In Boxing, Paulie whoops his ass, nuff said.
Fuck off you greasy Wop!  Go back to shitstain Italy you ugly Dago!  #TRUMP #MAGA #WHITESONLY
uploading anything about Paulie is an immediate dislike lol.
MMA 11 yr olds don't want to see Pauline the bitch cock slap Mcgregor the puff 😂
This parrot still talking?
Danm this dude sounds sooo salty nothing but hate coming from this pussy!
your a bitch Paulie
Still concussed? Pauline?
Balls.
boxing fans said mcgregor had to fight floyd in boxing because he was the a side. well mcgregors clearly the A side against paulie shouldnt paulie have to come to mma
Paulie a good boxer Conor doesn't stand a chance.
UFC never released the FULL UNEDITED 12 rounds sparring vid smh
Hes calling people pussy with earings?
Kick his ass Paulie!
Conor might beat him
hahahahahah fucking hell paulie deepthroating lord mcgregor for that red panty night.\nmaybe he gonna wear his own red panties and jerk himself off cos adrien broner took his belt and his gurl lmao  \ndont talk bout my sidepiece bro
nick diaz 3 is the biggest fight for connor right now
Does anyone believe this will happen.
LMAO So Pussy McGregor is not defending his belt ? Exactly what I thought. Just a fucking hypejob, piece of shit. He's a money whore. Coward ass bitch should get stripped of his fucking belt. TONY FERGUSON IS THE REAL CHAMP. Fuck this faggot. The biggest ducker in MMA right now. Keeps ducking and dodging fighters, what a pussy.
this is why conor has not released the full sparring footage lol
Top 5 p4p fighters \n1. Alexa Bliss\n2. Gennady Golovkin \n3. Guillermo Rigondeax \n4. Vasyl Lomachenko\n5. Anthony Joshua
Paulie is a complete nobody. Ummmmm. If he fights mcgregor, it should be in Ufc.
Rrr mate paulie go a way for fuck sake
Quick question: \nWhat mic did you all used to capture the audio, it’s so crisp and clear! :) unless that was just how you mixed it in editing
*most cutest is not good grammar but it doesn't matter, because it's true!!
you guys are the cutesttt!!!! <3
Estée girl where is your black swimsuit from? I love it! 😊
So jelly !!\nWhat camera do you vlog with??
So glad you visit  my country... I am a greek girl ... Santorini it's such beautiful place ... You also may visit other islands as kefalonia and skopelos which have so amazing beaches... There are so many other places to go in my country that you need a life time to see them all ... Your video is perfect ... Thank you for all the good thinks you showed in your vlog ... All greek people are kind and hospitable... I love mousaka too... Many Kisses #visitgreece #greeksummer ❤❤❤
aw fab video!! 😌
absolutely looooove your dress ❤️💜❤️💜
In this video, Estee=perma-grin☺
whys it so dark??
GORGEOUS
New de_santorini remake looks decent
That absolutely says Sexplorer!
Nice vlog. Nice place. Thank you. Good luck.
Stunning! Can't wait to visit someday <3
Love how you pronounce Greek names! It's so cute!
Is Aslan just holding the GoPro? Because it's so steady 😐 I'm all over the place with mine
Haha loved the shoit part! Good lookin’ couple 😍
The quality of this video is amazing. Aaaah santorini 💗💗
Haha hearing Aslan talk about the sunset. Someone get him a travel guide job for every single city immediately. Love him so much.
Glad you two had fun!  Wishing you and Aslan all the best!
beautiful..
omg Aslan's bouche pink velvet shirt is soooooo nice!
Hey! What camera is she using?
If I had to pick the best part of the video...well ok..how about all 18 minutes of it?  Yes, sure does seem like paradise.  This is akin to visual utopia.  Well, I'll pick just one highlight.  @13:05 when you were showing off that lovely outfit.  The background, the sun setting behind you.. the colors and everything...beyond breathtaking.  Also doesn't hurt that we have a wonderful couple responsible for putting such a brilliant vlog out there.  BTW..I have watched this more than once.
Aslan's crocs though. yasss bisshh slay all day. 9:47
this is so immersive, I've been to Santorini and the places you've mentioned including a visit to the caldera (Santorini is a volcanic island) and it's so beautiful! the people are very nice too. I love you guys :-))
This is amazing! This video just re-confirmed that I want my honeymoon there!
Wow, Santorini is stunning!!! 💦💦💦
everything was lovely!
More Asland OOTD please! So sweet!
Made me so happy I have to go now
i really love your vlog, especially with aslan on it! xx
Oh my goodness! The pool! I cried! I adore your dress ❤️️❤️️
You in that flower dress and the background.. So beautiful <3
If you want a parfume that smells like that fresh salty air in Santorini you should try Jo Malone Wood sage & sea salt. It's just the best 😍😍😍😍
Hey Estee, seeing your vlogs for years now. Aslan n u are growing so beautifully!
Feel like I need to book a holiday now
Beautiful hotel, sadly out of our budget 🙁 but thanks for sharing
The audio quality is insane!! Huge thank you!
Ohhhh my goodness. It is my number 1 dream to go to santorini. 😭😍 Sooo lucky.
So lucky!!! Makes me want to drop everything and go somewhere
So beautiful. Thank you for sharing!!!!!
Oh the memories! We went there four and a half years ago on our honeymoon and also stayed in Imorovigli. We were like the fourth to last hotel, you would have walked right by it. Man it’s beautiful. We neeeeed to go back! We did the hike right when we got there and were NOT prepared. We just went out, only brought one bottle of water, and were wearing flip flops. Whoops! We did the sunset in Oia, our hotel, and Thira and it was so amazing. Thus makes me nostalgic... thanks for the video! Shout out from Red Deer, Alberta!
esteem I'm sorry i just need to say that you are a beautiful classy lady:)
Those views are what dreams are made of!
Estee, you should really try the Korres body lotion/ shower gel in Santorini Vine! It's my favourite scent out of the whole brand, which is greek and natural ingredient based! They're amazing!!
You picked the best time go. I will say until September Santorini is packed. Enjoy!
Santorini looks like the most beautiful place 😍 xo
what a beautiful video! this made me really happy <3
16:28 Estée has the most beautiful smile ever!
So happy you two visited my country!!!!
Estee, you are glowing. Love to see you and Aslan having such a wonderful time. Some of my favorite people ever, live it up in Santorini!
was thinking you guys both uploaded the same thing! I like the part 1/2 idea. Did you both edit the vlogs together?
I love you guys! Couple holiday goals💖
There's a shower gel by Korres called Santorini Vine and it genuinely smells like Greece, I really recommend it! It's amazing.
I need to go right now, omg, so beautiful!
googled the hotel in case one day I go to Santorini - a little outta my price range 😳
This video is amazing , you guys are adorable
It looks AMAZING! Firmly on my Greece Trip list for June xx
Oia is pronounced Ia! Have fun in Santorini from a Greek in the UK :)
Honeymoon destination.....check!... No doubt about it Santorini it is!!
Estee,try the Korres Santorini vine line....I'm sure you are gonna love it!!!!First time I tried it ,I swear to God I felt I was there......also, Oia is pronounced Ia(not aia  but ea)....(oi in Greek is called difthongos, and is one of our 5 different Is)💖
I was in Santorini last month! It is so beaufitul place, thats true!! :-)
The fresh air they were talking about reminded me of when I visited Oregon...such clean fresh air!
It is pronounced IA in greek. Weather in Greece is nice till almost Christmas time.\nBut July and August it is very hot.
I went to see how much money it would cost for me and my boyfriend to go to this hotel at the end of august next year. A week for 5.500€. So... That isn't happening. :D :D :D
In the name Oia, the O is silent so you pronounce it as if it was written Ia (capital i not l, lol)!! I am a big fan of your videos! Hope you enjoy your time in our country! Welcome! If you need any tips, feel free to contact me!
Awww, Santorini is my absolute favorite place. Love every piece of it. Have fun. xx Linda
The trail has a lot of wild oregano growing along side.
Why do you all watch these Fucktards!!! Get your own life.
I'm so glad you visited my country and had such a wonderful time. You should visit again and discover the unique beauty of many other islands as well! Lots of kisses!
You are such a cute couple.
The prices for the hotel are absolutely ridiculous!
I really really enjoyed this vlog! Now I want to go there too!!
Please break down your trip to Santorini on your blog! I do want to visit. The hotel room looked extremely claustrophobic though, so not sure I could stay there even though it looks beautiful. 😳
this trip of yours was amazing . One of the best vlogs!!!!!  loved it 😘😍
you guys are so damn perfect together UGH want.
The thumbnail is so so sweet especially you guys rarely kiss in front of the camera!
I can't stop smiling! So gorgeous.
Wow i wanna earn that much money via youtube so i plan this kind of trip as well
Ok, it's time for me to finally go to Greece! I've done a bit of research, since I watched your videos, and the end of September, beginning of October is a great time.
So glad you two had a great time in my homeland! Next time you are in Greece go to Chania. Aslan will love the history and you will absolutely love this adorable little town.
Hey Estee and Aslan! My fiancé and I visited Santorini last spring, watching your vlog made me wanna go back asap! Thinking about maybe getting married there... Who knows!
Glad you had a wonderful time, just amazing views. You just cannot beat beautiful Greece at dusk. Great video
Love all the extra information Aslan provides!!! Thank you
whoa i did the hike at the end of july and let me tell you i feel your pain! i pasted your hotel a bunch, i remember those chair with the blue cushin! ugh i want to go back
8:23-8:50 “how do you even know this?!” with your face expression haha! reminds me of my boyfriend. what a lovely paradise !
If you loved the air in Santorini, I’d highly recommend going to iceland! You’ll love it, the air is so fresh
OMG what a hotel! Santorini is stunning.\nI really enjoy this video cause you two seem so happy... love both 😘
Also, your room is actually a cave. Most homes on the cliff are built inside caves which formed after the volcanic eruption thousands of years ago. It's practical because homes are sheltered from the strong winds which you probably felt at times!
the French Connection floral dress is cute! Like Aslan's pink corduroy shoyt too :0p. The Santorini sunset was so lovely. Gorgeous place!
I love you as a couple guys!!! You are the perfect match!
So glad you both enjoy this gorgeus trip, thanks for sharing.
That's one place my husband and I are dying to go soon!  I'm hoping it'll be one of our next getaways! My sister-in-law and her family (including her 3 year old and 10 month old) are in Greece for 5 weeks!! So Stunning there!
Hey random person scrolling through the comments!\nI hope you have a great day! \nFrom a Danish singer who's dream is to hit 10k subs🍀
this video was so calming to watch... dreamy
Stunning place,and an amazing vlog :))
Fat chinky and a flabby girl....fuck off
She's gotten bigger
Colors debuted at #19 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8I1B4n_8Cto&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkMCVtuXEIz5BXpPfycTwsS5&index=19
Queria meter a mão nessas coisas aí
slime 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
beck mate ur a god
(hexagon)
ASMR af
Im baked nig
Is beck trying too hard to be 6th graders? Whatever because this song is great
This video made me slime,i mean,smile
Is this seriously the official video
This song does nothing for me.
I 'will love to eat this video !
what is a beck
Honestly this is so aesthetically pleasing. My favourite is the plain purple slime! My friend who knows I like goop linked it to me, and then I heard it on BBC Radio 1 when Beck came on - this has a lot of replayability IMO!! Great song!!
This is my fetish.
So satisfying to watch
[TOXIC DO NOT INGEST]
This is fucking smart
90' artist...
Burn this video
4:03 yellow slime looks too much like human fat yuckerds
Man that chorus 1:03
ASMR
i wanna eat some of dat yummy stuff and die
I love Beck, But this is not for me
this guy's a fuckin genius
Beck is back.
i busted a nut
es muy....muy placentero verlo
B-52s
r/oddlysatisfying
3:28 widest panned drums! Such a fine piece over all.
Manual work for an original clip :)
In which Beck showcases his daughter's awesome slime collection with an awesome soundtrack.
I LOVE this song! Kinda sounds like Beck has been listening to Justice lately...
So much slime !!!!
This almost qualifies as visual-tactile synaesthesia.
So satisfying.. so hypnotizing
Reminds me a lot of Animal Collective.
i need to hear Beck ft. Calvin Harris
I wish people made slime videos like this ;-;.
what's next, fidget spinners?\nI'd probably still like it tho.
There's no such thing as good acid but I'm glad someone still doing it
Like an 80’s and 90’s fusion. On repeat all day
The purple one is the most satisfying.
this slime looks so cancer causing :O
This is some high grade slime
mmmmm
Unicorn cum!
OMG😂😂😂
soy un pededor?
ssss
respectively best out christmas tournament drift fifty garden.
no man, le re chupo la pija a tu imaginacion
Beck THIS SONG!!!!! You're so incredibly talented
I'm a 62 yr old dude and I've loved Beck since I first heard him in '94.  Best musical phenom since The BeaTles.
Beck just saved the year with some others
A couple months late but ok
As a mom, i just cant escape slime...in the house, on the couch, in the garage, baggies of it, cups of it....now on my Beck video lol
BECK IS SO COOL his vids keep getting better and better
anyone got tabssssssss$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
muito bom
Cool
Boring
that purple slime is makin me wanna cream meself ngl
Magical!
*goes on instagram once*
Hidden treasure right here.
cool
I need to make slime right now (I love this song)
wow, i can't believe this is still the same guy who did Mellow Gold, Still a loser, baby to me, this new stuff is way poppy
I need to see the live version of this!
good
Introducing:  Slime
Get out of my feed
Anyone else getting animal collective vibes from the vocals?
If there's a nontoxic version to imitate, kids with autism would be in heaven to see this.
I feel the strange urge to squeeze boobies... nah forget it I feel it all the time
This is an odd thought, but I'm personally concerned about the environmental impact of this craft trend. It is as bad as plastic and has numerous ways it can kill wildlife.
The is Dr. Squish's dream vid
That is one hell of a hook.
Really slime omg this is so cool
Welcome back beck. This album is so much better then the last two.
If this is the actual music vid the slime has taken over
With this and his other new stuff Beck is pushing out a brilliant, feel-good vibe. Smile, sing, dance.
I want to make some pizza dough now
This video made me hungry
beck and asmr
new beck YAY!  sounding a tad bit like g. numan! :)
as for me ,  sounds great but too much of Duran Duran )))
Didn't know porn was allowed on youtube.
I love how beck has included cosimo henri, and Tuesday in his new videos.
Song’s addicting, won’t come out of my head
I wish these hands would be Mine😌
Best new song off the album
Alright! I'm going to google How to make Slime b/c this is too cool to miss out on.
Wow, video quality is so bad. Even at 1080p it feels too much compressed and there's so much noise in it.
Beck! Fucking make some real music why don't you this is garbage
YASSSSSS
Beck is always up to something dope
I don't need another Soulsavers album with Dave, I want new electro project with him !!! This song is simply perfect.
Best DM song in years!! Ops... :D
OmG💙 Gahan one of the most beautiful voices ever !
just he voice dave it's so so nice
This Sound is very deep. \nThe Beat is very dark.  \nSometime we need dark and deep things in our Lifes.  \nBut if you sell yourself into the Darkness, you will never be the same Person anymore. It's your Choise, when you even sell your whole body and soul to the Darkness. Sorry Dave Gahan, but this is not my music and not my World. Satanic, Diobolic, whatever. Not every deep music is so dark like this Song, but l will only listen to the beauty of music itself. You have dissapointed me.
Holy shit, how fucking good was that.
Pretty nice and peaceful song. Especially the voice of Dave Gahan too, makes this even better 🎶
I love Dave Gahan and the versatility of his deep dark Baritone 😍. However, i do not like the video at all (saved only by the shots of Dave himself) . Disturbing....but not in a good way. I shall just close my eyes and listen............
Fucking amazing. Dave still got it.
What's the matter with all these morons commenting on Dave's demonic side because of the video??!!? Are you f..ing crazy?? 1) Dave has nothing to do with the concept of the video 2) his voice is a gift from God for all of us who have a soul 3) with what he's been through, no one - NO ONE - has any right to comment on his personal life 4) anyway, WHO CARES about moral implications??? Just listen and appreciate the music for what it is. Long Live Dave <3 And thax Kurt!
Love it ....
Great song!
Waiting for the Aristokrasia version!
Fantastic!
Perfecto love this song 🤙🏻👌🏻
Perfect! Thanks Kurt+Dave+Tim Team
Отлично, Дэйв!!!
Perfect, i love the athmosfere, the darkness, the sound of this song and obviusly my idol Dave <3 great job Kurt
Dave could sing the ABC Song with this soft voice and it would sound sexy to me...wonderful song...pure electronic 🎹
I can't stop playing this, absolutely brilliant track thanks to Dave's gorgeous voice 😍😍😍
This track is amazing :)
I really love his wonderful voice. More - more - more!!!
I am really really loving this! Its sounds a bit like Black Celebration era Depeche Mode!
Wow wow wow!!! I can't explain how he makes me feel amazing vid so electronic beautiful mind blowing.They've done a great job together long live Dave & electronic music!!!
dave's divine voice kills me 💙
Increíble!!!
waiting for Recoil feat. D.Gahan...
so beautiful. love it. thank u.
Fantastic ...Dave's voice is like a dream...music is so good and deep. A perfect collaboration. It's make you travelling in your mind and soul....Thank you for moving us so much
What the sound, what the powerful song was this. It will be becoming more popular  than i think.
The best song of '17 until now
Your words were spoken Carefully chosen For me Each one a msg And insight To some degree   When I wake up My eyes are open I can see I can hear you All around me I feel free   There is comfort here Where I wait For you There is sunlight Shining through There is comfort here Where I wait For you There is sunlight Shining through   Why am I nervous My hands they're shaking My heart it beats Your specter haunts me And taunts me I can't breathe   When I wake up My eyes are open I can see I can feel you All around me I can breathe   There is comfort here Where I wait For you There is sunlight Shining through There is comfort here Where I wait For you There is sunlight Shining through   We're moving on We're moving on
great  track, that  woman  is  really   Tall..  niice
I loved them a long time ago but fuck me! As pretentious and as same as an album full of DM songs as you are ever going to find.😴
perfect description and personal evaluation...very successful,both the video,and the lyrics...❤️👑🖤
Dave could sing every song and make it famous and wonderful.. but his best is ONLY with Depeche Mode... from 1981 to 2017...
This sounds like a B side from the SOTU record that should've been the first single 😐😧😳SHEEEEEEZE that was good
is it trevor or something
Sounds like real synthy Depeche Mode, but here is very feeble non-catching refrain.
Oh Dave oH Dave   i 'll be waiting you
Amazing! Dave should be the front. It’s different then Depeche Mode by tons. This is the future
Electronic Music brought me here ✨
Masterpiece guys ! This is it !!!
wow amazing song with felling dark i love
What a magical Song!! Kurt Uenala and Dave Gahan are a wunderful Team for pure electronic music
and THIS is what I expect DM music to sound like. perfect electronic stuff!
I have an absolute obsession with this song, I have no words  awesome
Great! I would like to be the deep underwater dancer for the next Dave Gahan video!!!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Coh2Pwj6H6k
I just love it!!!!!!
Absolut Perfect voice of Electronic music
gorgeous and very sexy melody to this! i just saw depeche mode at the hollywood bowl and this fulfils my post concert sadness lol great stuff :)
I really love this track. If I didn't know I could have sworn that this is a Depeche Mode single!! So good absolutely!!
Love it Dave Gahan  the master voice.
love at first sight. :)
why not in the spirit album?
Spectacular video, I love it, and well Dave, as always so flawless, is a pleasure to hear ... and watch it .... @ beautiful!
Они не умеют делать плохую музыку и все тут! - They can't make a bad music and thats all! 
Leck mich am Arsch! Schweinegeil!
Great 😁
INTRYGUJĄCE , \nA ZARAZEM PIĘKNE ...
Dave's damn sexy voice!!!
Красота!
ME ENCANTA !!
Sends chills down my spine
Excelente 😁
Incredible!
New songs​, eletro pop, synth pop.
Beautiful song
The outro is perfect...great !!!
Sweet !
wonderful
ДЭЙВ РУУУЛИИИТТТ!!!!!
Очень похожа на Precious! Luxury music.
Good sound
Fantastic Sounds !
KOOL!
Very nice indeed!
Neo noir atmosphere.
Impresionanteeeee!!!!!!! ♡
♡
Nice job. Perfect
Veľmi profesionálne spravene👍
Very Good!
peccato per un video cosi' fuori luogo e truce
Świetny kawałek...
That tune is f*cking perfect!
j'aime D.M
my ring tone since 2 weeks .....
Amazing
Excelente, la voz de Dave exquisita y sensual y la música oscura pero muy fresca. Me encantó más que los singles de spirit
Bellissima la musica è la voce di dave sempre grandiosa e sensuale!! Questo pezzo è  travolgente! Lo adoro dal primo ascolto! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Słucham i słucham całkiem to dobre
LYRICS pleae. I love this song
I WANT THEM TO DO ANOTHER ALBUM LIKE SOUNDS OF THE UNIVERSE..  or another song like fragile tension or in symphony they really need to go back to that sound or speak and spell to bring the 80's sound back at least one song like dreaming of me that was a real good song
Klingt ein bischen wie And One. Geil aber nicht einzigartig. Da wird sich doch wohl der Meister nicht etwa was von einem seiner größten Fans etwas abgeschaut haben...?
Dave genual!!!!! Mais no me gusto la violencia del video!!primera vez en mil años.que no quedo contenta.
The sounds at around 3:50 reminds me of the song/video Wrong.
worst song of 2017
Que video tan horrible !
Flat
Honestly, I began watching this thinking it would represent the stars in a realistic way...but this is SOOOO fake it makes me cringe.\nIt's so obviously scripted, it just comes out as artificial.\n\nSorry, maybe I didn't know what I was getting into, but I won't be watching more of these, thanks.
Star Wars: The Last Porno
How the fuck did I know the song would be Lose Yourself before she sang it? Maybe because it's also the only song I'll always know from start to finish, but shit that was creepy and cute at the same time
The format of these videos is cringeworthy in the extreme, the most faux staged unnatural interviews you will ever come across. Just horrendously American.
When he asked what movie made her laugh the hardest, I instantly thought in my mind Spy!
Who is Daisy Ridley would be the first question
She was scared of IT......I feel a meme awakening
Okay, Daisy would have been an amazing Lara Croft wtf why isn't she playing her?!?!
Question #1 can I stare at you for a second.
yes she referenced 2 pints of lager and a packet of crisps
0:05 “no I don’t want to buy anything, fuck off.”\n\n0:07 *Slams door*\n\n0:08 interview ends.
*Pillows for adults.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/magicworldmira/listing/562507151/*\n*Give a special, intimate atmosphere of passion - in your bedroom, with pillows for adults.*
A foul-mouthed, 90's kid who loves that song from Mulan? Where do I get one of these? My last one turned out to be a dud...
She is the greatest human to ever exist.
4 nicknames is quite an extensive list 🤔
see this and you know...\nhttps://youtu.be/-FZYBI8JVtA
That does not look scripted at all!
How they can answer so quick and directly to every answer? It's scripted? \nIf some one ask me those kind of questions the interview will last forever and most of my answer will be vague.
i love her so much
even doe she doesn't have boobs. But her pussy will do!
she sounds scary when she says hi..
A minute long ad? Dislike
It should be against the law for anyone to be this cute
Any chance for 73 Questions with Gal Gadot?
She literally has no thing you can call boobs...
Damn, that is a nice apartment.
She had me at arsenal.
Football. I love her even more
First ever person I've heard of having grey as a favourite colour other than myself!!!
Wow. That Last Jedi talk was amazing. Now I know everything.
It's obvious that this whole thing is choreographed, and that she already knows what the questions will be.
I like her even more now. The original IT scared the piss out of my brother and me when we were kids.
Ugh always makes me cringe at scripted interviews, she answers the questions too quickly, when realistically she would take at least 5 seconds or more to think about some answers.
She used kilos and corrects *football is the best thing
Definitley a huge turn off for me was the foul mouth...after this interview something was lost...I wish her the  best though.
Football or Futbol however you pronounce it is still correct than soccer
C'mon now Daisy everyone knows that part of Lose Yourself plus you still messed it up! YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE REY
she forgot to tell the most important description: Jedi
Why does the beginning look like the start to a porno 👀
Was that Karen Gillan on the phone?!??
Okay she's hot, beautifull, fucking strong what else? I'm in love
She was cute until she started belching out Little Marshalls foolishness.
The bleeps at the end make it sound like Last Jedi is just one big Star Wars orgy
I love that she doesnt give a fuck about her broken phone screen lol
She's a gooner - perfect
I Love her. coolest woman ever.
I think my heart had a flutter for the first time in years. she is amaaaaazing :D.
I’m not a girl it’s her son she so preety I want to met her and will life and I witch she was my mom she’s so beutlful and preety and shes awsome and i love her. 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😍😍😍😍😘😍😘
This looks like a casting couch video
This seems like the beginning to a porno
73 questions with Millie Bobby brown
Make's you wonder what she had to do for the part?
Do her and keira knightly share a mouth?
5:26\n\nMY NIGGA SHE TURNED AROUND AND I HEARD THE LORD SINGING
Her 'hidden' talent is ruining Star Wars.
Did you see the phone she had god damit
I'm British and I have never heard of any of the 5 shows she named\n\n???
The intro is like a porno intro
A daisy isn't her favorite flower?
He didn't finish his tea
Add my channel 🤣
She reminds me of Keira Knightkey juust a bit
Bruh Mr. Robot isn't even in Netflix
she looks like Keira Knightley
The girl on the phone was Sophie Turner who play's Sansa Stark on Game of Thrones.
Can you list all of your nicknames? Forgot Mary Sue
Still waiting for the part where he takes his dick out....
clickbait
Id smash
Holy moly I saw her ankle
She need a boob job
What a delight
No Tits!!???
Arsenal lul
She is awesome.
never forgetti
Damn Daisy can spit!!
SHE IS PERFECTION 😱
The Force just awakened....
Damn that non-existent breast
Spoiler alert
It look-a- like-a man.
Why people are saying shes super beautifull?look at her body she has manly body look at her shoulders and back muscle lol
holy shit daisy rapping em made my fucking life
man she looks like natalie portman and keira knightley
She is perfect.
7:37 her cellphone habits are quite peculiar
73 questions with Demi lovato
That a cuddle always helps. \n Tears
i love her
*swoon*
ewwwwww Arsenal? Really Daisy? ARSENAL?!??!?!
GUNNEEEEERRRSSSSS!!!
OMG I SHRIEKED
Who is the most nervous Natalie Portman Keira Knightley Or Daisy Ridley??
vomit on my sweater, all i heard was mom's spaghetti. I sense some meme-potential.
73 Questions with:\nRowan Blanchard\nJennifer Aniston\nSarah Paulson\nSaoirse Ronan\nLeandra Medine\nCara Delevigne\nHari Nef\nSusan Sarandon\nJulia Louis-Dreyfus\nHillary Clinton\nAmy Schumer \nMillie Bobby Brown\nBarack Obama\nMary-Kate Olsen\nSuki Waterhouse \nMarc Jacobs\nAlexis Bledel \n\nComment who you want to see!!
MY FAVORITE COLOR IS ALSO GREY
Holy fuck!
Finally, we see Phasma do something now!
Black panther looks so much more interesting
Well, at least this is more interesting than the teaser. But it still doesn't make a lot of sense. I don't really get the plot much at all.
I know people are probably not gonna care about this but i wanna let it out here for a reason. 3 days ago i lost my princess..she cheated on me, she tonque kissed a boy at a party. Im so crushed and broken! I miss her so much! Im filled with anger and sadness. But i have always loved star wars, so i have been watching and playing alot of star wars these past days, and my love for star wars helps me....i have bern crying everyday and i cant forget about her, she said she wanted to be with me forever. But not even after 2 hours  after she cheated ahe lost feelings for me, and she started texting that boy and they are probably falling in love right now, i just wanna know what i did wrong...i didnt know what to do so i decided to watch star wars, its like i forget everything bad when i watch/play star wars...my feelings are not gone yet but they are beginning to go away, which is good, i still love and miss her very much but i hope i will move on soon. So thank you star wars! Thank you George Lucas! Thank you disney!
Can someone sub me please, I will use two accounts to sub back, trust me!!!!!!!
Before the last jedi comes out I'm gonna watch/play every Star Wars movie in this order:\nPhantom menace\nAttack of the clones\nRevenge of the sith\nRogue one\nA new hope\nEmpire strikes back\nReturn of the Jedi\nStar Wars bf2 story mode\nForce awakens
it does not convince me one bit, just like spider-man and civil war Marvel movies, Geez, no more originality now days
Oh and Anyways Thanks For Copying The Sith Interceptor now In the hands of the Tantrum baby Kylo ren \n
I cannot wait to see this 😍😍
Who is Kylo speaking to I wonder....
What's up with Kylo's scar? Looks like carbon fiber in some shots, and in others it looks like Anakin's. Explanation?
The second it comes out on there see you soon
I thought SW: The Force Unleashed main theme started playing at 0:47 lmao
I WANT TO HUG THAT GUY BESIDE CHEWIE!!! HE'S SO CUTE!!!
#great can't wait
I never watched a stars wars movie
33 Million views half a million likes bunch of lazy bastards
Why is everything so raw?
13 December...I am gonna look at this
That feeeling i get When i See this is so amazing....
I want to like this. I like the darker feel (I feel they're trying this time). But so much damage from the 1st movie. & Krylo was to be my favorite until they made him emo, now what he's without the helmet? That's the worst part! Hope not.  I like Rey but they need new villains as a whole. & really? bigger machines of the same again sith? Smh
I AM YOUR FATHER
Snoke's gold bath robe is untamed raw power and something truly special.
Can't wait for the epic movie
😕😕😕😕😕😕kilo ren is still alive from the explosion
Is this the last star wars?
I can't wait.
i need to watch this movie. so intense!
You made us ask questions when the first teaser trailer was released \nAnd now you're making us asking more questions! Good job Johnson!
Omg this will be amazing! Yeah of course it would... ITS STAR WARS!
What good movies are coming out next January?
I knew it! I knew it! I kept saying it but no one believed me
Star Wars fans are called Starwalkers. Pass it on! #starwalkers #maytheforcebewithyou
Good god \nI'm back star ￦ΩГ$
Goosebumps went all over my body
Let The Past Die .... KILL IT !!!
I've watched this way too many times.
The best trailer in Star Wars history that was a hell of a trailer
Who else in this comment section likes the Star Wars books and comics
why seperate John Williams from Star Wars,  his score is perfect and nastalgic,  I didn't hear a trace of it in this trailer
Luke Looks Like He's Forgotten. Cant Wait to see this!
LUKE IS THE BAD GUY
All we want is the clone wars tv show back
Rey: I need someone to show me my place in all of this.\n\nMay the force guide you to the kitchen.
Who's still here and can't stop watching it?
I'm so Looking fwd to seeing this 😁😎👏👏
Am I the only one who finds it dumb that every sith is named darth, wears all back, and has a red light saber?
ok AMAZING. love that scene where kylo ren hits the wall. adam driver why are you so friggin awesome. love that scene with rey upside down too. please let this be a great movie. please. i think they should go more of a dark tone.
*HE DIDN'T SHOOT BECAUSE HE SENSED HIS MOTHER I'M SOBBING THAT HIT ME RIGHT IN THE FEELS*
And then the internet exploded
If there's so many of you people out there that believe Star Wars was ruined beyond Empire Strikes Back, I don't understand why you're still here watching this trailer and leaving a comment that you don't like it. What's the point? I don't follow any series that I don't care for, so why do you all come around and parrot the same criticisms that every other OT fanboy says? Your claim that these movies are just made to make money, oh wow, I didn't know they let people in the theater for free back in 1977 and 1980! Please go watch Episodes IV and V over and over for the rest of your mundane lives and let the rest of us enjoy these new films.
Epic!
Yoda, I miss.
Hell Ya!
so hyped
Why are these trailers so... Amazing.
Porg!!
“Forfill your destiny”? What does forfill mean?
:0 does rey join kylo ren?
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
I cant wait
This looks so amazing
Outerdpace rabbit???!
OMG :)
Sick
sick
1.22-1.24 😢
2:05\n\nHim: The kitchen
Porgs! 😁😍
meh
FEELS
What WAs that 1:33
1:03 Daisy Ridley does her best puppy dog eyes
Luke The OG
kylo looks like a fricko
new winged thingy is cute
Fulfill your destiny
R.I.P han solo
Oh Carrie Fisher... :(
Snoke is Jar Jar
YAAAASSSSS
can't stop rewatching
boo Star wars sucks
Hmmmm.... I'm hyped!
Currently shaking
cant wait because star wars is to good\nstar war acording to your trialer you arre going to get over $50 million
I knew this movie had to come. I already wrote my own version 😂
Better not be like the dumb force awakens
looks like the same movie as empire strikes back
I hated the force awakens, but this has given me the sense of amazement that is star wars again
I’m doing a iPad give away if I get to 100 subs please sub and you could win I would really appreciate it
Star trek is better
conor mcgregor 0_o\nI need somepone to fiht ,e conor mcgregr
Disney i hate
*insert most liked YouTube comment*
Han died by lightsaber leia died by overdose rip in pepperoni
Does anyone know what that little thing with chewy is
Oof
1:31-1:33 is the best part of that movie.
I love your dad😂
So dreamy....I'm in love....
You inspired me to trial for my schools gymnastics team
Such an inspiring person with an amazing attitude and only good vibes!!\nCongratulation💪🏼
Would love to see ultimate gymnastics challenge mens vs woman's
I love the relationship you have with your parents, so cute! Just started watching your videos a few days ago, already hooked! You did great!
You've got a great attitude, fella. It's not about how big you win as how hard you try. Wish you and the team every success...
do you know who viktor trotter is he is a british gymnast and my friend also he is is a kid because he claims he has seen you
I'm a gimnastic too and u are my hero
I'm also 11 if you wanted to know
Nile do you know Ariana Berlin? There is a movie made inspired by her story. The name of the movie is called 'Full Out', but is the full out a real thing? If yes, can you show us the move?
Wow you did such an amazing job !!! 😱💙 congrats ... greetings from the US... I love your vlogs by the way !!!
Hi Nile\n\nI don't know whether you will know him but my dad is the chairman of bg so just wondering whether you know him
Could you do a backflip tutorial?
Omg you are the Best 😘😱
Congrats bro, im from leeds so really proud of you and glad you represents leeds around the world. Keep it up pal.
Can you pls try to talk in an American accent😂😂
Your entire family is just utter awesomeness
So happy for you mate! GB representing and showing how it should be done. Your p bars was sick!
my favourite channel right now.  So proud of this young man!
Nile so happy for you love youuu from spain
Congratulations on everything you have accomplished but I want a video seen you dancing
Love the intro song tom zanetti
Anyone else notice the my hero academia thumbnail??
Exceptional. Managing to perform at the top of your game in our sport and on YouTube. Inspiration to many
Do a gymnast vs. skier challenge! Much love
You are incredible, so inspiring. Congratulations from good old Leeds🎉
His dad is such a lad
You're the 6th best overall gymnast in the world, that's crazy to think
1:14 When you landed perfectly i was like: BRUH! (faint)
I wish you were in America I'm great at gymnastics and I really badly want you to be my mentor 😁😁
your dad ROCKS... hilarious 😉 No doubt your family keeps you strong
Nile you're a fucking Legend!
You bring light to a dark world Nile, thank you!  My best to your folks!
You should do a meet the team and do a Q&A with everyone on the GB team, both women and men
Make a video of trying volt without a springboard
Tbf your lucky you got 6th when competing against Kohei MOTHERFUCKING Uchimura. <3 u.
Hands down. One of the most boring people on YouTube. Get your top off and hope for views
You are the best Nile !! ❤️❤️
Yo mama's got some skills XD
I saw you on TV last night, you did great, and I'm proud of you!
Well done so many people look up to you including me your an inspiration💗💗
Amazing , well done Nile xx  hair looks sick when it's down by the way
The confusion my parents had when I kept asking Where's Nile?!.
Kinda looks like youre taking a dump in the thumbnail. Need to photoshop a toilet under you
Love watching you’re videos. They always make me smile and laugh till my belly hurts. Lol keep it up Nile! 😁
Another absolute phenom vlog!  I literally cannot get through a Nile vlog without a giant grin on my face.  Him and his friends/family just bring so much joy to everyone.
Cracking comeback after the injury, mate. Was rooting for you and delighted to see you made the world championships. Looking forward to see much more of your journey, Nile.
I've been a fan for a long time and it makes me feel so good to see you succeed and be so proud of yourself!\n\nEdit: Wow, that was really cheesy
Honestly, I need a GIF of you and your dad dancing 😂🙌🏼
So happy for you Nile, just found out your channel today! It feels strange to see all these talented people reunited in my hometown but at the same time it's great!\nCongrats again for both the finals and how you pushed through this year~
Congratulations hunni, amazing xx you smash it every time xxx
So cute when he says.... Y'all right.
Train hard,  Keep it real = 6th in the World Championships.  Fantastic result after a year of challenges.  Well done Nile.
Make a video climbing
Very Nice
Fabulous!  Especially enjoyed the dancing.
Good on u bro
you hit 400k congrats
Simply amazing!
Love ur vids 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
#NeilWilson #YouTubeSensation killin it
Congrats! You did amazing 🎉💗
Do you reckon Dick Grayson would finesse Nile?
So awesome Nile!  Congratulations!!
fantastic
I'm Married but Cor blimey
Make gymnastics meet athletic
finders keepers huh?
Nile you are soooo awesome! xD
Thanks
soon 400k
Ginger shady😂😂
Well done!!!!!!🤗🤗🤗
lol my mum did ur makeup
Do a calisthenic vs gymanasyic\nProfesionals like kamenov
Looks like Zarya in the thumbnail! Hahahah
#10 on trending nice
Awesomeness rapping🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
Nope
Props, dude.
Well done mate
pause at 5:47
Nice job nile
Congrats on trending
0oohhhhweeee
Nice
I'm weak and skinny so how do I get started???
I always wondered what that thing is in his intro. Is it a computer mouse or something???
It's possible to start gymnastic at 16 years?
I hope you have *all* permissions for any songs prior to uploading (even in the background)! If they have Copyrighted material your whole channel will get scanned and they'll claim the videos (all your future ad rev). Not a criticism, just a heads up! Loving the content my man
Is it just me or do Nile and Max not get along?
Congrats Nile! Killing it and inspiring. I actually liked this time though cos of Purvis' freestyle.
Nile how did you like Canada? And did you like us Canadians?
Who tf is this guy?
Nile, where do you live? I went overseas recently and your accent suddenly came to my mind, not sure why xD
Dear Nile, I am an 11 year old gymnast and just got a silver medal in a competition and I just wanted you to know that you are my sporting idol and that you are an amazing inspiration to me and you are a positive role model to anyone. Your talent is impeccable so keep it up!PS: I am apart of the body bible fitness group!
I just wanted to let you know that tomorrow I'm going to my first gymnastics practice in years and I can honestly say that it was because of you and your videos.
I won National for Taekwondo and I’m in Kang’s Taekwondo. Now I’m National champion,but I can’t go to world because I’m not old enough. I’m only 8 and I’m supposed to be 12!
Nile I’m state champion in gymnastics Australia,Queensland
i am in love! so beautiful!
I feel like this would look so sexy and bombshell vibes with your hair down and waves or loose curls 😍❤️ wish you would have worn it down for the intro. Such a beautiful look! 📸🔮💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
People are hating her but admit it she’s really good on her every tutorial.
I curious why you started with black liner on your bottom water line?
What did you use on the bottom lashes?
Please answer!! How do you get such good pigment from eyeshadows? I use high quality eyeshadow including your palette (which I love) and nice brushes, and I still don’t get good color payoff from eyeshadows on my lid and outer crease!!
I really liked your early videos and think you are super talented. I own champagne pop and your morphe palette and think both are mostly beautiful. But lately, I've felt like you are creating and swirling a lot of drama. Of course, I understand that being a public figure brings a tidal wave of bull. But there have been some things lately where I feel like you're subtweeting and sub-snapping (is that a thing) to keep drama alive. Between that and your unwillingness to just leave the KL debacle at an apology instead of trying to justify your behavior, I've been left feeling like I'm watching a high school teenager. I know you'll probably never read this. But if you do, please know I'm not trying to be hateful or mean. I'm trying to speak to you as an adult and let you know my experience as a subscriber.
Love this look!!! I want your palette so bad! 😭😭😍
This is gorgeous!!  Those colors together...
I love the glitter backgrounds👌🏽
it surprised me when she used makeup geek blush, haven't seen her use makeup geek in a while. wish she would use more of there stuff still
Jaclyn this look is BOMB!!! Seriously one of my favs!!! Can you give me the list of brushes you used please & thank you!!! 🙏🙏🙏
I like the natural background... I’m not feeling the purple
Omg your not the only one who waits for hocus pocus all yeah girll , I wait for it too !! Ahhh I’m so excited to watch it this month , but I love you jaccc❤️
This is a CRAZY request/idea, but I have DARKKK brown eyes and I have a hard time livening up my eyes with certain looks and color schemes. I fall in love with so many looks you do, but then I do the same on my eyes and it just doesn't work for me. Would you ever try brown contacts? Then again if I had your eyes I would NEVER cover them, like organically and genuinely the most beautiful blue eyes I've ever seen 😍😍😍😍
i’m being dead honest
Can you do a glam black swan makeup look ?!
WHAT?!! I just FINALLY was able to order your morphe palette and YOU ARE CHANGING THE PACKAGING FOR ULTA!! I call it BS this is a shock to you when it took you 2 YEARS to get the crappy packaging done. #longtermsubscriber  #inkitchentable
Girl this look 😍😍  please do more looks with your palette !!!! I would love to see your creativity with it and ofc more smokey looks too!! Don't worry about people saying your showing off bc girl if I did a colab with morphe I would be screaming it from the mnt tops😉 hahah love you !!!!
Remember when kim k destroyed your reputation lol
Just a little bit, sprays face 10 times hahahaha
Love this. 💯🙌🏼
00
This is GORGEOUS
Yuck
I’m sure it’s really difficult to use that backdrop, since it’s hard to color balance against it. I personally don’t like backdrops, just you in any room is fine. At some points during this video you turned orange. I think that without the backdrop it would’ve been easier to see all the colors in their true form just against your skin color.
Jaclyn! It is also a tradition of mine every October to watch Hocus Pocus (I grew up with it) and I would loooove to see your recreation of Sarah Sanderson's makeup (since she is my favorite witch) it would be soooo cool to have it as a Halloween makeup tutorial on your channel this year (with that same purple background, which actually reminded me of Sarah before u mentioned u were watching the movie)
You seem so tired in this video :( like your bummed about something. I miss your boss attitude and professionalism. The way you used to teach us make up with that raw energy you had was so amazing. Where you at Jaclyn?!
You should do a updated makeup collection and beauty room tour once everything is done
Omg the ending was THE best part. How you expect me not to scare easy if you just took me to see IT a week ago?
Jaclyn would you ever consider doing a video about being a makeup artist and what you would pack in your kit?
hey Jaclyn I've been a silent watcher for years and I've never really felt the need to comment before but with all the hate you have been receiving ( for being your beautiful self) I just wanted to let you know how much I love your videos and your personality. Your videos are something I watch whenever I'm feeling down and I really appreciate that. You keep being yourself girl! You rock!
I could copy this exactly and still would not get perfection like this!!!
I freaking love you!!Lol watching your videos have got me back into make up. since I have became a mommy I put it on the back burner and now I'm going to get my groove back. Thank You for saying FU to the haters and really motivating me to pursue my passion! Your amazing and I wish I could meet you seriously I would die lol
Love your necklace.....who’s the designer?
I love this look!!!
Show us your makeup collection???
Congratulations on your new baby girls!!!!🐶🐶
Do some research it has been proven that metallic based grease leads to Ocular melanoma and unusually require a frontal lobotomy.
I loved this!!! So happy to have you back on youtube doing more tutorials! Love you Jaclyn!
YES!!! This felt like vintage Jaclyn! OG Jaclyn!! The silliness, the detailed tutorial, the crazy noises and sidebar thoughts, the outtakes...everything I’ve come to love you for! Your tutorials when you’re just having fun and being creative are my calm happy reset button. Thank you! 💕
People need to realize that the reason your eyeshadow looks like shit is because you don’t use transition shades. If you don’t gradually go from lighter to dark your eyeshadows don’t blend as nicely together. Anyone who is good at doing eyeshadow uses AT LEAST five shades to ensure shadows blend seamlessly into the brow bone and into each other
I love your tutorials, i wish i can do my make up like you
I normally prefer a natural backdrop but I’m loving this purple glitter! 🙌🏻💜
I love the backdrop !!
Can you please do a detailed 2017 skin care routine video! Thank you ❤
Wish I could pull these kind of looks off 😣 beautiful hunnnm💚
Having gone thru hurricane Maria in my island has taught me how freaking much i love watching your vids. Serious withdrawals!!!! \n♥♥♥ love your work!!!
hi Jaclyn, quick weird question lol. those puppies on your Snapchat, what type of dogs are they? they are sooo cute!
Can you do a review on fenty???
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Updated house tour please!!!!
Not many uploads recently
i love you so much 😭❤
I 💟 purple 💜 u just amazing 👌🏻😍
HOCUS POCUS playing in the background 🙌🏼👏🏼🙌🏼🖤😭
“You walk around so creepy!!” 😂😂😂😂😂
Sorry to hear you felt you had to power through and get the filming out the way🙁
More videos w john!!!
Nice and glam and u know I would rock this at work!!! Yes bish!!!!!!
Love you Jaclyn!! But this background is crazy looks like you’re floating lol
plz plz plz review the new huda foundation finish/wear test etc <3  <3  <3
Also, that jacket....where is it from?
I think my fav part of this video was the funny bloopers! 😂
You should try some jizz shadow I think the white glaze would look great under your eyes.
i love your bloopers!!!!!!! LOL you make me laugh so much. You're beautiful!  And i love the sparkly background its so cool!! I like all your backgrounds. Thanks for your tutorial!
I definitely like your more natural background but I still love you
Love you as always !! I need help!!! Can you do something like your tips and tricks , especially with wigs and lashes!!!
I watch ALL your videos and I’ve never seen you contour your nose! Did you just start doing this? LOVE this look btw😍
Are followers suppose to appreciate you decided to do your job?! Because you did start your career because of YouTube and followers right? Get it together!!!! You post about morphe...... wait, wait.... morphe and again morphe. Don't get me wrong I love morphe, but seriously where is your passion? Yeah I see it in making $$$$$ and screw followers and other brands.
Love this video honey!!! When is your makeup line coming out boo? I can’t wait!!
Ughhhh I want your palette SO BAD but yah girl needs some monayyyyy!!\nI have heard nothing but AMAZING things about it and I’m DYING
Whereeee is that necklace from can anyone tell me?! Or something similar!? It's gorgeous... I need one!!
Jaclyn you might never see this comment, but just Incase, I want to let you know that you are so amazing, so talented! I have seen so many negative things throughout months and I don’t get it. Lol you are such an outgoing person, so energetic and i love that you always stay so positive! I hope you continue showing us your personality which most of us love!
PLEASE DO A FENTY BEAUTY REVIEW!! GALAXY COLLECTION
You seem so Artificial Now
I don't really like the back drop but you do you. Love you girl!❤️
Are smoky eyes the only shadow lol you do?
She looks like a squirrel. Did she get cheek fillers? 🐿
Jaclyn I love watching ur videos I learn so much from them wanted to ask a question that has nothing to do without the makeup\nI love ur chain would love to know where I got it from  ?
Wow. Some of you will attack anything and everything she does. Just leave her channel if you don't like her. Keep your hate to yourself
Slay…girl you are amazing! I love your necklace where did you get it from?
I don't care what type of video you do Jaclyn, I just love hanging out with you!!  I love your channel!!!  xoxoxoxoxoxoxo!  I need that necklace!
Awesome. Can you please do a look with greens. Thank you. 🌻❤🌻
such a beautiful look! but okay, how do you not get any of the glitter shades onto your crease? what angle do you look down at so it doesn't transfer? we almost have the same eyelid shape, but i notice any glitter shadows i put always transfer ://
Hahaha just a little bit of fix spray..and again...and again :))))
Love this and YOU!!! Keep the videos coming! I love every single one!! xoxoxo
Lol i know u think u look pretty but nope u look horrible potatoe face
“I LITERALLY LET JOHN POP A PIMPLE IN MY ASSCRACK BEFORE” HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH LAWDDDDDD IM FUCKING DEAD
LOVEEEE
glitter is my favorite color!
Your so talented! Gosh! XO
Hey, so I've been a really big fan of yours for a long time (through multiple phone changes-and therefore YouTube changes) and you really started my passion for makeup. You literally taught me everything I know. But here lately, you're very different and not so much in a good way. From what I see, everything has gone to your head. I think this whole Morphe, ULTA, repackaging thing was the last straw for me. I personally don't care, I don't feel jipped, I care about the shadows, not the packaging and shade names. But I feel like alot of your other fans do and they are hurt by it. I feel like you now care more about Morphe and making money via that route rather than your subscribers and building yourself up on YouTube. There are huge opportunities here, larger than what you've already achieved and you're more concerned about putting money in Morphe's pocket hoping to make a cut than furthering YOU and the platform that has given you the opportunties that you have. Just my two cents.
Jaclyn, I’m not sure if you have seen it but Courtelizz1 did an amazing video on your morphe collab. She had brain cancer, a tumor removed and it was her second time doing her make up since surgery. she did so amazing. I’m sure it would be amazing for her to know you watched her video. She had such an amazing story.
You can’t fight that Hocus Pocus focus, girl. Can never multi-task when that’s on!  Love this look, and feelin’ the background. But mostly love how YOU’RE feelin’ the background 😉
I know you're going through such a crazy ride of life right now, but i truly wish you use your pallet more and create more videos for your loyal subscribers who bought your pallet. I know you get haters, but please ignore them! They thrive on your reaction while your fans suffer from the lack of videos. Just remember, we're watching YOU. Not your haters. We're here because we love you and your art. So please girl, slay us with the glory that is your hard work- your pallet!
Your a piece of shit Jaclyn Hill!!!
The problem is she only posts tutorials now to promote new morphe products
It’s a slap in the face to all your fans that went through so much to get ur palate when it was released and now you are making a “better version” for everyone that DIDNT buy it. You get so much hate and controversy but the way you do business sure instigates it
she thinks her shit doesn’t stink just because she has so much money... Her subscribers are the ones who helped her get to where she is today which she never acknowledges that. She’s honestly the most inconsistent you tuber I follow. The only time she ever posts a video is if new a Morphe pallete is launching or if it’s a look on her pallete... there are so many other YouTubers  who work their asses off to get to where they are and post 2 to 3 videos a week every single week while Jaclyn is over there hanging out in her custom-made closet that all her subscribers paid for!
Yay, Ryan's Cooking Show! 10/10!!
omg Ryan's Cooking Show pls make this a thing!! with cheesy music and everything!
I am REALLY impressed by that transition at 5:07 Grace, well done!\n(I genuinely love you guys' creativity and content in general, but this one just really stood out to me...)
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!  Big spider??  It's so spindly!  Just a cellar spider; totally harmless.
I see Ryan likes spices, garlic and basil. An handsome englishman who likes mediterrean ingredients?\nActually that nice pasta is some kind of Amatriciana, rather than Carbonara. They both have bacon inside but they are totally different; i adore them both anyway.
I think He is good at cooking. Great
Good day to you madam
Mmm, I want Ryan's cooking
Love you guys! Xx❤️\n\n\n\n\nAnd your vlogs! Xx❤️
Ur vlogs r so cool
4:00-4:08 vibes 😂 same
ryan's so funny :D
Fumbs up!
Wow!\nHow old is the building?\nLooks quite old.  Lots of work.
Yay, food! but what is 5:23?
What's that white paste he squirts out of a tube? He used it last time too. Mayo? Some UK thing?
The insane duality, irony, contradiction and hypocrisy inside most female minds made manifest.\n\nNot sure if Rekha wrote this but it implies accurate introspection. That's exceedingly rare, very well done my girl. \n\nTaking the piss out of the insane. Hope to see more of you.\n\nAlso, nice tits.
Bipolar/schizophrenia skit how is this funny? The only funny part was when she jumped out of the window
rekha shankar is an indian name
I finished the video and was like. Cool. Where was the funny part?
what's the song played in the inspired parts?
such a hilarious commentary on a very current and important issue. thank you
That was really cute
I come back to this skit multiple times a day bc it's that good.
A... good video on conflicting impulses as a woman when faced with something that comes across as sexist, the fact that easy answers aren't provided, and that sometimes comments really *can* be innocuous in context, which some of the less experienced or more strident voices tend to ignore. I... have a feeling I'm reading it differently than a lot of people here, though?
7 comments in and people are already complaining about tumblr
Oh no not Rake-ah from the mispronouncing names.
This is stupid and sexist and sooo stereotyped like wtf we're your sources college humor also men have to apologize and this is a great example of how women are. Also it's funny how it says we don't know what Unfair is but by we I mean men which is retarded
When she’s outside you can see an add with Katie saying “Drink Splish”
I'm just hear to see Katie's T&A, so this video pretty much sucked.
If anything this draws on indecisiveness as being a female trait, since it's clear she can't make up her mind!
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool thank you guys so uch for this amazing chhanel and video
Modern day feminism in a nutshell.
I don't understand what it's trying to do
WHO IS THE GUY IN THE GREY SUIT OH MY F GOD
You guys could post a video of just a piece of dogshit and all these idiots would still think it was funny
This video was cute, but one thing it wasn't... funny.
This video is the definition of fucking cancer.
Where's the humor?  Boring nonsense!
Cause you're a BIG stinky MAN
Is this how comedians see board room meetings. Lol cute.
A very accurate alternate title to this sketch could be When Keepin' it Real, Goes Wrong. 😂 (ref hint)
Lol, the billboard in the background with Katie on it.
*When you're a minority of literally any kind*\nUnless that's too tumblr\nNo, no, I mean it.\nBut it is borderlining sjw/racist at the same time and that leaves me with a deep internal conflict considering my own privileged upbringing...\nNope. Nope, I'm saying it, it's there. That's that.\nBuuuuuuuuuuuut...
Remember when college humour was funny. The good old days.
This video was so cute that I think I'm gonna get fired.
And then she joined buzzfeed
This is retarded, why anyone watches it?
CH is back to being funny!!! Yay!!!
Women logic at its best.  Just one more reason NOT to work with them.
Is that woman still afraid of owls?
I like her southern California accent
This is 1000000% me omg I need to tone it down! Lol
Such an object\n\n\n\n\n(Its a joke) so just dont little salty...uuhh..person
Lol this killed me with laughter
Literally did not laugh once, not even a little nose laugh
All this showed me is that feminists are indecisive and not willing to take a compliment.
Stop being a feminist
Like a lot of the new College Humor Sketches, this is so relatable until the last bit, then it goes a little overboard to make it comedy... \n\nWell done. Now for a male version of this
Standing Up For Yourself as a Woman, But Not Too Much
This better be fake
THIS IS SO ACCURATE
This is what it would be like with a woman president...
''Mimimi this joke is like 0.02% serious mimimi sjw mimimi buzzfeed''\nHoly shit, just unsubscribe already and never come back.
Its not up to you to decide what your boss thinks of your work just like if people think you're an asshole its not up to you if people think You're an asshole
Humorous but very on point.  Well done!
When she shoved her bag in his face LOL Say goodbye to this
Wow! Buzzfeed? Where did you come from? It's been a long time since I have seen one of your ridiculously idiotic videos. Wanna go get some coffee together...or go out to eat...maybe see a movie? 
Oh my god very revolutionary very progressive you guys at college humor really made a difference this time!
One of the better scripts in recent months
Thought i was about to be in for another sjw filled shitfest by college humor. Still a shitfest, but at least it made feminism look like a bigger shitfest.
Really?A bit stereotypical don't you think?
I can't tell if this is a parody of women or a parody of work places environments or if its just a silly video about cat power points.
Wow, things really are different for men.\n\n\nA man would have started kissing his boss' ass immediately!
I like that billboard
lol i totally love this video. what an accurate presentation. I think this is why we are tired of winy feminists... they act out and are unstable over nonsense.
Reka you were so overacting However it happened and the whole idea is perfect fighting both sides of our charisma
The kitten is real cute, though !
I hate feminist
Wait.... This isn't buzzfeed
very funny
and today I got to know that, her name is 'Rekha' , not 'Recca'. :D
@ Rekha...what's poppin 😍😍😜😘😘
cringy
facts
Me
😂
Youre fired
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OFFENDED lying feminists lmao
Why was this relatable?
Trigger warning
Bipolar disorder
Well at least rehka got some titties
Respect women
God damn, CH is really becoming Buzzfeed.
Woman? Yall ugly liberal sissies
This was just weird, Rekha
Fired
That Katie reveal.
Relatable
AHAHAHAAHAHA women always apologize smh
Femenist bullshit
bag her
This is stupid
Feminazis in a nutshell
Hey @CollegeHumor\n\ni know you have Rekha for diversity points, but you are ruining what people liked college *Humor* for.\n\nHumor.\nnot politics
I don't really like how you guys are starting to make videos like this - you're starting to look a little like Buzzfeed and that's the worst thing for your company. I really enjoy your old school risque comedy but understand that the algorithm probably wouldn't allow for that. Just something that isn't to do with social politics would be great, I think it's why most people watch you guys, because you don't usually touch on these kinds of topics which is rare to find on YouTube these days.
I bet none of you have even been to a real meeting. Its doesn't happen like this you SJW
Women ALWAYS have to apologize This... has not been my experience in real life.
Woman have the same rights
Don’t know if I should hit this with the Slow claps 👏 or hope that she gets fired.
Oh my God....PLEASE go back to being FUNNY!
You know I used to think people who thought CollegeHumor and BuzzFeed were similar were silly, but as the days go by, they continue to advance into their direction. I am disappointed
First world problems, many woman out there don't have the right to have high end jobs or the have right to speak. These are personal problems
That is how you make a comedy sketch involving politics right there. It isn't preachy or moralist. People of all parts of the political spectrum can relate. Feminist and conservatives alike can laugh at this. Good job. The man who wrote it deserves a promotion.
Gucci #25 on trending
Who believes that this will be played on the radio or wants it to???
🔥🔥🔥🔥
so much autotune on ty bro
IT'S ENORMOUS!!!
Waveyy
DAMM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcXGYcsGRf4\n\nwatch my instrumental remake on FL Studio 12.5 on my channel!
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
Mr. Davis, Gucci ain't playing games and it got my name 🔥
Intro: Ty Dolla $ign]\nI know somethin', so!\n\n[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]\nIt's enormous (yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous (enormous, yeah)\nAw yeah, aw yeah, aw yeah (OG Parker)\nIt's enormous (yeah, yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous (It's Gucci!)\nAw yeah, it's enormous\nAw yeah, it's enormous\n\n[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]\nI pulled up in that don with that Hublot on my arm\nHead to toe in Louis Vuitton, lookin' like I sold a ton (Louis)\nReal trap nigga, baby, upper echelon\nHe a real rap nigga, he ain't ever held a bomb (war)\nWhen she in the room, baby girl, yeah, she perform (ow)\nCarbon on the dresser, baby, please don't be alarmed (woo)\nGucci Mane so charming he didn't even wear a charm\nShe suck it 'til it's numb, baby got a gold tongue (woo)\nWell educated, but call me and go dumb (huh)\nLookin' where she at, won't believe where she came from (money)\nSippin' on Patron, they love me like Don Juan\nI told her keep it low, shawty call me Don Don (shawty)\n\n[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]\nIt's enormous (yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous (enormous, yeah)\nAw yeah, it's enormous\nAw yeah, it's enormous\n\n[Verse 2: Ty Dolla $ign]\nDrop that pin, I'm all in your location (yeah)\nHad to pull up just to motivate ya ('vate)\nDon't be actin' shy, I'm losin' patience (ayy)\nOh yeah!\nAsses, Onyx\nAce of Spades, Onyx\nAce of Spades, Onyx\nAce of Spades, Onyx\nI wanna run up a tab (tab)\nChampagne in my bath (bath)\nSaucin', cool ranch (brrr)\nLove it when you clap it like that\n\n[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]\nIt's enormous (yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous (enormous, yeah)\nAw yeah, aw yeah, aw yeah\nIt's enormous (yeah, yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous\nAw yeah, it's enormous\nAw yeah, it's enormous\n\n[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]\nThis lady really is the truth, I'm givin' props to you (you)\nI love to fly you out the country just to shop with you (yeah)\nShe act like she a good girl, fuck like a prostitute (huh)\nI'm actin' like I'm good, but really I'm in hot pursuit (go)\nI think that I'm so fly that I don't have to lie to you (damn)\nBut you so fuckin' gorgeous I'm not tryna flatter you (hot)\nMy sex game so aggressive, I'm just tryna splatter you\nYour booty is enormous and my dick's enormous too (huh)\nYou showed out last night, I had a good performance too (wow)\nI'm so healthy and prepared, I work it like your trainer do (trainer)\nMy paper so enormous I am not a normal dude (no)\nYou so bad I'm thinkin' 'bout it but don't dine on normal food\n\n[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]\nIt's enormous (yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous (enormous, yeah)\nAw yeah, aw yeah, aw yeah\nIt's enormous (yeah, yeah)\nThrow this bag on you, give this cash to you\nIt's enormous\nAw yeah, it's enormous\nAw yeah, it's enormous
NEW BIG YOUNG THUG HIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n@@@```Young Thug & T.I & Young Dro & Trev Case [Hustle Gang Unite For That Bag$$]````@@\non my channel check it out now subscribe for new everyday\non my channel\non my channel\nOFFICIAL
some solid stuff
i like this keep posting more stuff like these
I love this song.
The hook is good the rhymes are sooo simple. 3 out of 10
Drake had to of wrote this hook 😂
Loveit
keep winning 👌
dope
second
Best track on the tape? Kinda weak gotta be honest
Ty Dolla is the 🐐🙏🏾🔥
Gucci never disappoint me.🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
My favorite song right now
Randomly throwing some positivity into your day. I hope it's a great day for you.
You can do great things if you apply yourself. I can tell.
Here before its a hit?
Gucci is in a lane on his own.
Dis shit slappin...best gift I received for my birthday  ♎♎
Promotion Offer: Absolutely free iPhone 7 GIVEAWAY 2017. Get an exciting new apple iphone every year. To successfully register and get a 100 % free iphone go to the google search and type: *givefonesaway*
Is it me or is Ty borrowin’ Trav’s add libs?
Random fact: for those of you who watch Love and Hip Hop Hollywood, this is yet another A1 Bentley hit
Isn't his wedding 10/17/17?
This does not sound like Gucci Mane,.....clone status...
That kind of man
Great & Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
Only bangers in this album !
wanna earn $500-$1000+ a week then click the link and sign up your first $40 membership is paid for you so you can start earning instantly after that its $19.95 a month https://motorclubcompany.com/affiliate?id=markeyonkeys if you have any questions feel free to reply below or contact me by email. training is provided by me as well
Any small YouTubers want to help support eachother subscribe to our channel and we will SUBSCRIBE back immediately
God this is what we accept as music these days?
@guccimane, your growth n evolution...so proud of you!!
INSTRUMENTAL ON MY CHANNEL GUYS!
Now this song is🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I think it's pathetic he has to sing about getting his wing wang sucked- nasty.\nyou need to broaden your horizons!
My d*ck is
Another disrespectful song about women sucking dick...
I love how the title says enormous feat
your booty is enormous and my dick is enormous too!🤣🤣🤣🤣💪💪💪🔥🔥🔥
Me and my friend rapping!! VIEWS AND SHARE!!!!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGHRLYaQO7c\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dz5ABi7OWU\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9fHXnI2R3Y
Niggers crack me the fuck up. Get a real job boy
Best Song On The Album
2:51 How did I know this was gonna happen by the title of this song
What type of pussy names himself after a bag. Yous a fag
ROYAL THE KING Looking for sponsors and endorsements. email ROYALMLS8@YAHOO.COM. Royal Freestyles out now
Ty Dolla sign underrated he killed the hook 🔥🔥 Gucci went in as always too! Song too fire
Not a hater but this sounds very generic
Play this shit  when she on her back and you about to slide in.
Is it me or does this song give Travis Scott vibes?
daddy
Here b4 1m views
Awwww yeaaahehaaa
Lit af🔥🔥🔥
Hoe fire ‼️🔥🔥
Guccciii
Gucci never disappoints
Gucci is lit af
LaFlame shoulda been on this. 🔥
Oh yea ! Gucci fan present  🎵🎶♩🎼🎤🎧
Brrrrrrr💣💣
Nigga getting  married lmao
dope track.rap fans dont miss miss new indie artist Royal P Monsters ball vid https://youtu.be/UI6ReevSTtE
here at 392k views
https://soundcloud.com/12211998/everybody-mad-remix
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
He back
Before 1 milli !!!
ayy so goood!!!
Oh yaaaah! Here b4 1milli
Defiantly
https://soundcloud.com/theofficialpeso/boy-bye
Got that fye
Here before 1million . Gucci bringing the heat foreal.
Generic
Stay mad u punk bitches
Http://streetbangaz.org
How did Gucci Make It?
BLESSINGS RIGHT TI DOLLARS YEA FUCKING NGO
Gucci tighter than ever
When dolla say oh yea oh yeaaaa in the hook it lowkey sound like jaqueese
🔥🔥 🔥🔥
It's enormous 🍆
TM88+OG Parker=Bang🔥🔥🔥
MÚSICA DE PANAMÁ EN SPOTIFY\n►Top 50 Panamá► http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\n►Clásicos Del Típico Panameño► http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\n►Trap & Reggae Panamá► http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
Trash!!
Can’t wait till Gucci get married
Awww yeahhh this shit trending. 🔥🔥🔥
My dicks enormous oh yeaaa it’s enormous oh yeaaa
This beat is fire
Chewbacca's face actually looks raw and unfinished
What's christmas? Lost it. XD
this is my new favorite thing on the internet
I thought Kylo would be a Reylo shipper. In the ground not in my bed?
3:00 Thumbs up to all the pervs who saw this little bit of humor. Apparently our boy Kylo likes some Suicide Girls action.
Every time he laughs I lose it
1:41 Who’s that handsome devil?
Kylo Ren you are the second character to break Star Wars tradition.  Don't say the actual title in a sentence in your own dimensional universe.  😂You only use the title at the introductory of each story without actually saying it unless it's an audiobook.  After that keep it %101 anonymous while the stories are being told.😅
Tyrion kills his father????? WTF KYLO THANKS FOR THE SPOILER
1:42What the hell man relax!😂😂😂😂
When I first saw the force awakens, I hated kylo. Now due to you guys he's my favourite character!
Yes I love these
*THERE WILL BE NO TRUCE* more  evil laughter *WHOA TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW?*
I mean you say it's 100% certified raw...but is it organic too?
Please let *_RAW_* turn into a meme
I'm more excited for the new Jedi Party than the actual movie
This is a good gimmick you have here. Might as well have Kylo Ren reactions to various trailers and commercials; including outside of the Star Wars franchise...if you can let us vote or decide in the comments sections then you can draw real hype to this channel.
These are the greatest videos ever 👍
Hey a good idea for the future would be to do a 10 things that would make star wars better like you did with the hobbit
Star Raws:  The Last Jedi
I can't wait for Kylo to see Blade Runner 2049 and go you're still alive!?
I really  enjoy  the Kylo  Ren, I  would  to  see  how  the Hitler reaction  to the Last Jedi  is going  to be  like.
THIS STEAK IS SO RAW, SUPREME LEADER SNOKE WANTS TO TRAIN IT TO USE THE FORCE!
What the hell man, relax.
How about in the ground? Lol 😂 (extends hand) what!?? Hahaha
The Suicide Girls at the end....so raw!
That was so Awesome and funny.  I liked how he said this was in the future.  My favorite was when it first switch to Rey.
lol!!! i love how he shouts out Whaaat?!!! and that laugh
2:44 ''How about in the ground'' LMAO
Gordan Ramsey is super pissed at how raw this trailer is.
The only react videos that matter are from Kylo.
The Auralnauts are 100%  Absolutely Positively Without a Doubt Certified Midichlorified Gugu Mbantha-RAW!\nWhat's Christmas? Lol\nAlso, is that Baby Time playing in the credits?
This shit is so fucking good holy fuck! CLASSIC!!! THUMBS UP!!
These vids never cease to get a giggle from me lol 😂
I'm so raw!!!
2:48 is the part you want to see.
This reaction is raw
This video was so RAW
I hope he still reacts to stuff unrelated to Star Wars after Star Wars is over.
It's baby time
I'm really disappointed that weenie doesn't seem to be in his helmet for most of the movie.
“I need someone to show me my place in all of this...”\n\n“How bout in the ground?”\n\nLost it.
I heard lady Gaga really liked this trailer. In fact, she said it was raw raw raw raw  rawwwww.
Chewy is Da Best HAHAHAHA That is All
It's baby time!
How about in the ground?\n\nKylo should have went super savage and said How about in the kitchen?
Ask Charlie Brown. He'll tell you what Christmas is.
Hey Kylo just so you know Star Wars The Last Jedi will be the darkest film of all Star Wars movies just like Empire Strikes Back. So that means the First Order is going to win in this film. I think you will be impressed with this new Star Wars movie Kylo.😀
I need someone to show me my place...\n*points to the kitchen*
I'm glad you like it Kylo
You should make videos of Kylo watching other trailers other than Star Wars. 👍🏽
please have Kylo review Blade Runner.
WELCOME EVERYONE......TO MONDAY NIGHT RAW!!!!
🅱aw
Cho kawaii .. *dies repeatedly*
RAW!!!!!!!! Love it!!!!
When Snoke said raw Kylo sounded stoned
This is fuckin legit!!!!
Everything is RAW!!!
What's Christmas
I'M SO RAW....and i exploded lol
2:44
cringe.
raw
I want this Kylo Ren instead.
100% certified RAW
 What's Christmas ?  lol
Dammit, cannot unhear the rawness.
They are cho-kawaii 😂😂😂😂
Loved your reaction
Whats Christmas? JESUS CHRIST IM FUCKING DYING
1:43 LOL YOU KILLED ME
that was raw
So RAW.
Definitely gonna be 100% certified on RAWtten Tomatoes
Kylo Ren is a fucking fag
Raaaaaaaaaw
Do it! LOL
Raw sauce
2:47 and 1:44 lollllllllllllllllllllll
This trailer is 100% certified raw lol
Baby time!
2:47 WHAT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHSHSHAH
What's Christmas??? haha genius
I love this hahaha
They are cho kawaii LMFAO
Nice ‘baby time’ remix
DO ITTTTTTT
LMAO!!!
❤️
Raw, like an unshaven butthole.
Oh hey, whos that handsome devil lmao
Kylo, such a pansy cuck for Mary Sue Disney garbage
I'm so raw- Kylo Ren
R A W
I look awesome
I died when he started laughing at “Reylo.”\n\n“WHAT?!! Hahahahaha! Yeah, no. There won’t be no truce! Hahahahaha!”
90K VIEWS AND TRENDING? HMM I KNOW OF SEVERAL PODCASTS WITH 500K VIEWS IN ONE DAY THAT AREN'T TRENDING.... \n#YOUTUBEBRIBES
Is that Adam Driver?  I can't tell the difference lol
That strike from fernandinho!🔥🔥🔥🔥
Se ele tivesse ficado os 90 minutos tinha feito 3 ou 4 gols Guardiola 😐
#sharkteam
Menino Jesus! #AvantiPalmeiras
Não entendo essa tara do Guardiola tirar ele todo jogo, estando jogando bem ou mal.
Jesus score two times hat trick if he played 90 minutes. Vs Stoke and liverpool...
Cmon city!!! Lets get 3 points against Napoli!! ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
man city!
Yes we do Gabby!
The best
Football which makes you speechless never before seen stuff in premier league pep has changed the team but even crazier he changed the league
Like if city is gonna win the league #manchester is blue
Best club in the world!
talented team like if we r gonna win the premier league\ncome on boyzz!!!!
Loving this name..the sharkteam😍
sim sim
Green screen?
Brazil es mine
We are the best, the best in the world!
Esses ingleses nao sabem q metade dos inscritos da city tv sao os fãs do g.jesus
Ele trás muita visibilidade por causa do Brasil, ponha legenda em português . plis
Vamo Brasil!! Caralho!! Gabriel Jesus e um mito!🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
F U T U R E!
ALO MAE🇧🇷📞
Brilliant performance today
City, têm  brasileiros aqui e essa tradutora atrapalha tudo. Coloca uma legenda ou algo do tipo.
O time com Gabriel jesus e Aguero  no banco o time fica mas coletivo .
Coloquem legenda em português do Brasil por favor!!!!  🙏
Neymar10      G.Jesus9      P.Coutinho11      Ta bom ou quer mais?   #RumoAoHexa
Ainda não aprendeu Ingreis?
O gol do Fernandinho valeu 2\ndo Gabriel  ☺
Check out sample pudd
SIM SIM = YES YES 😅😅😅
y use green screen?
#sharkteam
Mlk liso
Si si
Love them eyebrows
Gabby alomae Brazil of City
Haha that oversized cap lol.
Alex Hunteeer
go
goat.
Si si
Jesus has a  womans voice
first
First
Hhello
First
Needs a smaller hat.
Sapkaya bak aq
Gabriel 'Angel' de Jesus
Shark team💪🏽🔵⚽️🦈
Yes, yes jajaja
CITY!
JEEEEEEESUUUUUUS!!!
I love you dude
1st
if city beats napoli and dominates the game,they are going to be uefa champions league winner along with real madrid and psg
Watch FIFA 18 GAMEPLAY MANCHESTER UNITED vs MANCHESTER CITY WITH HD https://youtu.be/2_gNyU9Q2CM
only c.ronaldo understand what he is really saying\nportuguese
Love this club!!! City till I die!!! C’mon City, C’mon City!!! 💙💙💙
What? he can't speak English?
*Don't Wait Аnу Longеr - Meet Your Pеrfect Wоmаn Todаy*

mk4NRZGCFvM,\n► http://mibik.ru/sex?x=mk4NRZGCFvM 😎
Best young player in the world without a doubt :)
He's better than aguero
Man City, the best prem club, I wish you the best for the trophy\n#ManCity
KDB Best CM in the world
It would be better with the him original voice and subtitles in english
Hope he's putting in some effort to learn to speak english, imagine the teams communication if he was fluent, would be even better than now!
he has that surprised face expression
Every goal from every angle, please. I'm not doing anything tomorrow.
Brexit Britain be like when the speak they sound like women
We're demolition men and we destroy everything that comes in our way
Subscribe to me if you love ❤️ Manchester city
Bru Jesus is a beast no stoping him my dudes
These persons commenting that he has a woman's voice do know that was someone translating for him right ?
Is this voice of Rashida Jones??
Check out sample pudd
Why is there no support from fans of Man City ?, Why do not they sing? Why a quiet stadium? It's like a friendly match.
No Aguero, No Problem!
Wow, I did not expect this to be his voice, it's a lot more feminine than you would expect
Turn on subtitles and watch the end of the video...
Damn he sounds like a woman! \nJesus we love you 💙 CTID
THE NEW FENÔMENO, YES!
Check out sample pudd
Can the interviewer clear his throat?
Here we have another small project from the Furze book, what would you use it for....the garden or attack muhahaha. Link to get hold of the book yourself is in the description. Thanks to all that have bought it and are enjoying it. CF
Still not showing subtitles 😪
Two short hose or too short hose XD
Sua criatividade é impressionante... Fico feliz por você compartilhar.... o/
ати де живеш
are you gonna be doing any Halloween projects?\n(and if you haven't settled for anything yet let me pitch you a few ideas:\nJack'O lantern fire work bomb\nmagic wand that shoots lightning\nwitch on a broom drone)
Add Jet Engine to replace u'r waterpump please
Why don't you make a *taser glove*
You should make a bike that has a motor and with two nitrous tanks on the side that you can turn on
You are basically rick now
So why can’t I watch your series? I only get a trailer?....... 🤔 please don’t be changed by google, YouTube and £$€.......
YOU SHOULD MAKE THE ATTACK ON TITAN MOBILITY GEAR
Cool！！！！
Thanks colin
Podase do not do vídeos you neeb to pay
DO BFG FROM DOOM!!!
Halloween here this comes
amazing
Seria bueno e y suptitulara los videos para las personas de otros países  que no saben ingles y le gusta los inventos que hacen.
Rassia
https://youtu.be/60yCgvcapYQ
British: Jubilee clip\nAmerican: Hose clamp
Team up with jlaservideo
Круте відео
You should make a motorized longboard
Put som rocket in car
pretty little screaming^^
Nice jet bike
Happy Birthday!
Kids are annoying.
Rough with Indian wiring :-)
Ford Furze.
The oo
Mi momi isdead
subscribe in my CANNEL. thank
Try making a submarine
Now show how to hook it up to a generic timer, and then how to hook tat timer up to the internet.
ok! This is going to be the newest addition to my home security! I call the police and tell them to look for the totally wet guy who tried to steal from me!
Pair this with a motion detector to keep animals out of desired areas.
Can you make a hoverboard 2.0 with 4 propellers ?
Don't forget to use a fuse if a bigger battery is chosen.
Collectively the EE's shake their heads in disappointment.
Hello friends!!!\nmy name Sergey Lapshin I'm 23 years.\nI live in Russia and in Siberia we have very cold! \nI work in agriculture zarabotok we have a very small\nI very not easy to live!\nThis summer, I took my savings and bought a small house (you can see it in the photo)\nand I would like to insulate it and attach it to two more bedrooms.\nBut unfortunately I do not have money for implementation of this dream.\nDear friends, I would like to ask you for material assistance much as you can \nI will be very grateful to you.\n\n\nserjo22828@gmail.com \n\npayeer P74353320
Colinfurze invent a washer and dryer that folds clothes I alaways wanted someone to invent that I hate folding clothes
Your videos are way too fun to quit now man
colin I love the drift trike video but can you make a drift go kart???
I love the MT2 BMW e30 in the background!
Sells out to youtube red.......
690 Thousand views.... not a single person who's actually built this
I know this is all about the kids, but with the flood of YouTube red videos and kid projects this channel is gonna lose the adults. I wish you well.
😢😢😢😫😫😫😫 where’s the old Colin
This guy is a hero
Mario Furze omg it's really not for you
Defo getting this for my boy for a little extra Xmas present.
Dude build a Mech Suit like Titanfall and Pacific Rim
You should make a deck chair go kart
Pls do a video on the bunker
Colinfurze, I give you a challenge. How about for Halloween, you make a eye scanner so that kids can get candy. But if they try to do it again. The computer won't give them candy, so pretty much it's and eyes scanner candy dispenser. That is my challenge for you.
I've watched colin on the Internet for a few years now. Is it me or is this channel not as good as it use to be. To family friendly. And no random crazy videos
Subscribe to my channel starting mechanical videos in the next few days /all new channel/
Please make a dinner table platform that revolves at varying paces that is also remote controlled
Hey can you try making a powerfist?
Come on colin! what is this amateur hour... duct tape, tub boxes and incorrect terminology. Could have soldered the wires or used a terminal strip.
U are my inspiration i love ur videos and all ur invention s great work hats off to u
hey colinfuze oct 19 2001 is my birth day can you pilss gift me the video Water Rocket GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS Record Breaker
Can you turn an old banger into a supercar. But keep it looking like an old banger on the outside.
we dont have to pay to watch this one..good
Google calls him a plumber but isn't he technically a engineer
Make a nerf gun that shoots cake
His son is living in a paradise
Love your vids keep it up
I had a problem with a neighbours cat, which used my garden as a toilet.  I made an almost identical box but put a PIR on it so that the cat got sprayed anytime it walked past.  I'm guessing the cat didn't like it very much, because he took his business elsewhere.
anyone waiting for the pulse-jet powered skateboard?
Can you fill a semi with fire works and see what happens
when are you going to upload another video about the BMW Hot Tub???
Two 9v batteries or a 12v battery.  But 9+9=18. Why does that work ?\nI'm dumb with electricity, but I try to learn.
Does anyone else think that he is junkrat.
Why make one when you can just buy the parts and put them together for cheap? Oh he did...
Who hates YouTube red because you have to pay to watch videos I just want to watch a video without paying \n\n\n\n\n\nLike if you agree
I think it's possible you have misunderstood the way to wire up that board. Normally you don't have to connect anything from the PWR IN to the three relay connections. Your wiring of the relay connections is unusual and may be the root of your problem. So, one solenoid contact goes to battery ground, but the other goes just to N/O and NOT to N/C. When your signal reaches the unit, the contacts switch over and the solenoid gets power. You might want to try it
You should make a mini bike (taco bike)
Relays for the most part will always need a common connection. Also you would wire using NO contact of the relay meaning no current flows to the valve under normal conditions. When you activate the relay (button) you close the circuit allowing current flow to the valve.
Beware that if you are using two or more lithium batteries, do not. I repeat DO NOT short them. They have to be wired properly or you will get hurt. Batteries may explode.
Time to build one for my aquarium. Remote controlled water changes hell yeah lol
8:40 That absolutely makes sense and makes the board more flexible.\nWhen you want to switch a 120V or 240V device you shouldn't power the receiver and the relais with that voltage. So you need two different power inputs.
Can u make a flying car
If the diameter of your hose is too small, dip the end in hot water for a while to make it pliable so you can force it onto/over the fitting.. Or as Colin might say, Pop the end of yer hose in a fresh hot cup of tea, and it will come out a little bit stretchy and you can bang it right on there.
Here in the states, we call those jublie clips hose clamps, but I like the British name better. 😁
I am sure lot of people come here because of the crisp English he speaks
Could totally use this in a similar fashion to the airsoft gun doorbell...
This one is bad. That's not a good circuit, electronics are in the same box as the hydraulic valve, without spacers and not only you messed up the relay NO/NC contacts, you didn't know why common needs to be connected. The reason is that this way, you can also use it to switch 230V mains if you want. Seems like a useless project, since the two 9V batteries likely won't last a week in NO configuration or even a day in NC configuration (those solenoid valves draw a lot of pixies and the relay box is just inefficient).
Colin, Who's the cute girl?
This as an add on for the anti salesman airsoft gun
build a sugar cotton machine
hey, can u make marvel's crossbone's gauntlet?
You your YouTube channel and your book are awesome like the queen
Can you make a Turbo Jet engine with a VTG-Turbocharger pls :D
Make A Drift Lawnmower or Racing Lawnmower
Happy B-day colt i read your book and i saw your b-day is now today surprisingly huh.. Jake and Erin are both on 14 wierd..
conlifurze plz make weapons and guns
Never brush your teeth with soap.
but can you clean your room
Hi! My name is Steve (not really)
soap can also be inserted into the butt
Thank you I am now wiser
I think I'll go and buy soap now
What the heck did I just watch
Bill Wurtz is a soap God confirmed
Are you ok, bill?
I‘ll take the drugs he‘s having pls.
Huh? Randomly changes the subject to traveling to africa out of now where...
Don't drop the soap
Well, I know what I'm buying tomorrow...
Make a video about german chickens
Do the history of the United States.
Did anybody catch the fidget spinner at 27 seconds
Still surprised no random blood stains on Periw-\nPeriwinkle: Oh no there's one here!!! *Points to corner of shirt* See??????? Oh and did you call???
I feel like most of Bill's content accurately describes my brain when I stay awake until 5:30 in the morning. Don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
*Let’s go to Africa and find love in the jungle.*
All I can say is, nice
I hope bill pins this comment even though he probably won't\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhy are you still reading this?
Im holding back tears................this video\nis so powerful
why am i subsrcibed to this glorius man
0:37 What is that Fidget spinner doing in the jungle?
Friend : what are you thinking about?\n\n\n\n\nMe:
its that weird side of youtube
This one is underrated. \nI now think of soap in a whole new way.
Is this the bill wurtz from lmfao
I take this as a huge shoutout
why did your voice sound so deep in the jungle jingle?
[__]\n    ( \n      )      Would you be interested in \n  ( -- )     Taking a survey?\n    ' ' '
0:51 A flood in the desert. Right.
who else rents their *S O A P*
*SOAP is the GOAT*
Bill please pass the drugs
this video made me S O A P
I'm new to th is channel and my first impression is\n\n\n\n\nda fuq?\n\n\n\nTHIS IS AMAZING!
I think Bill may have been high
Make more history about countries
Whatever you're smoking, I want one.
System\nOf\nA\nP?\n\nPothead
Why are your videos so random
He's like the Blue chair of YouTube but more weird :3\n\nIf you know what Blue Chair is I love you :3
*D O N ' T D R O P T H E S O A P*
hey Bill I thought of this jingle \n\nsteak tips and mash savory ice cream\nthe way I sing it has a ring to it\nit is 4 am and I am very sick
So no ones going to talk about the end where he merged the soap and combined their properties and characteristics?
How many levels of high do you have to be on to make your videos?
I saw that fidget spinner in the jungle, you sneaky child born before their parents are married.
I found the soap I also found a fidget spinner
Soap is so under-appreciated T,T Finally some recognition🌻🐝
Get it from the store, *or just rent it*\nLol wtf
then the soap died from a tornado
What if bill wurtz is a soap god?
Lets go to Africa and find love in the jungle best lime ever! I didn't know there were jungles in Africa
Ok sweetie, Don't drop it! ☺️
Soap gods?\nYou can make a religion out of- \nactually, don't.
The soap is a deadly laser.
How do I worship said soap gods? I never feel clean enough bill. Answer me please. I am extremely isolated in the hills of Notverycleanville. And looking forward to seeing a nice bar of happiness on my nose. \n \nMuch love, Dandy
Oh no it's a natural disaster............. .......... I wonder what would happen if you combined soap with soap 😂😂
I just Fucking love you
heck yeah let's soap it up
Don't eat it.
tip 1 dont drop the soap
Shower Jelly ?
0:37 NOOOOOOOOO
🤔
Liquid soap is better xd
*N O*
I SAW THE F@$%ING *FIDGET SPINNER*   _REEEEEEEEEEEEEE_
0:36 is that a-
THANKS soap for making me clean #soapgods
Nope soap
Are you okay, My Dude?
w0t
Soap is dead :(
Best video of 2017
Marry me, please!
soap+soap=\nsoapy\nsoap-like\nvery soapy\nsoap flavoured \nhas a soapy texture\nsoapesque
XDDDDD
i needed this
Don't eat soap.
*_ˢᵒᵃᵖ_*
i saw a soapy fidget spinner.
Weirdest video i ever watched
i liked your video
0:37 what was that
*S O A P*
Soap + soap = soap
Fidget spinner at 0:37
drugs: soap edition
extra tip: marry soap
soap is doap
*TELEPORT* *SOME* *SOAP*
Drugs?
Subliminal advertising for fidget spinners?
And this trending because.........
#1 *dont drop it*
wuts soap
Hi from Russia!!!!!!Like tips
Hey, can we go on africa? \n*NO*\nWhy?\n*THE SUN IS A DEADLY LAZER*\nOh ok.
I FINALLY SAW HER DABBING! I CAN FINALLY REST IN PEACE ❤
she blessed my ears she complete my soul thanks sabrina  you are queen of pop in the future just keep it what are u doing my kisses to you from Algeria here to support u. ❤😘
I saw Sabrina Carpenter, she was singing and dancing at the street, I was confused
I love this kind of video ( I think it is non-story or something). And I love Sabrina too. It just likes FIRST LOVE <3<3<3<3
Avicci does it again ... the base and the voice of Sabrina are just wow
Me at the middle of math class just like first love singing and dancing with myself and everyone look at me like I am a weirdo
My Sabs ❤ I love this song 💘
Oh my gosh Sabrina Carpenter is so lit my life is complete right now
Sab was great. Love you! ❤️😘
Wow she's back
This song is my my first love. Sorry Euan
So she's going to be a basic artist...... nothing special
About 200,000 of the views are mine ;-;
THIS IS AWESOME I LOVE IT SO MUCH :D
How did i not know about this😒
Just like,First Love!!
Love it , nice song ❤️💪🏻
Lost Kings - First Love (Official Video) ft. Sabrina Carpenter\nhttps://youtu.be/jXQitd7ahV4
We love you sabrina and this song too.
i love you sabrina 💘And i love 💖😏
So good, love this! 👑😍🤘🎶🌹❤
Lost Kings and Sabrina are the perfect combo plus this video is so beautiful
Wow Sabrina your the best!!!! You are living the dream!!!!!!!
I’m a simple person. I see Sabrina Carpenter, I click. Then I like.
Sabrina and Jasmine are the best match
Her voice is almost as beautiful as she is😍💕💕💕
❤ just like first love i have for Sabrina ❤
Yes!! I love it sooo much. Fantastic job like always, you killed it,  Sab. ❤ Love you ❤ Very much ❤  😘😍
new favorite song + music video
Sabrina was my First Love!
O.O Love it so much !
This song is lit 😍
IN LOVE WITH THIS SONG, GOD
I'm in love with this song 😍 and with Sabrina too 😊😍
That's a born star right there...❤️
Who's Sabrina and lost kings
Starting sound is similar to chainsmokers Closer Xd But however it is bestt
Love the way she sings, like first loooooove! haha!
Go wash my new article https://hehhstara.wordpress.com/2017/10/15/20-facts-about-me/
this is my jam😍😍😍🔥
i love sabrina she is awesome
She is so pretty and This song is amazing.
I love her so much
closer and first love same
I see Sabrina Carpenter, I press like before listening to the song
loved the whole song but the beatdrop ruined everything..
[Verse 1: Sabrina Carpenter]\nI can't really tell\nWhy there's hills on my skin\nWhen you're whispering\nAll your intentions\nI don't really know\nWhy my heart skips a beat\nWhen you get too close\nOh, it's almost\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nYou look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n[Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\nWhen it's all done\nJust like first love\n\n[Verse 2: Sabrina Carpenter]\nWe're just making waves\nDifferent shades of emotions\nFast and slow\nHot and cold\nWe bring out the worst\nAnd the best in each other\nBut can't let go\nOh, it's almost\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nYou look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n[Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\nWhen it's all done\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nWhen it's all done\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\n\n[Bridge: Sabrina Carpenter]\nI can't really tell\nWhy there's hills on my skin\nWhen you get too close\nOh, it's almost\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nYou look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n[Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nWhen it's all done\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nJust like first love
I'm just here to die over having dreams about my crush that only likes me as a friend 😁don't mind me😁😫
And they say we don't have good music nowadays.
I love this song !!♥
im so obsessed with this song
Sabrina you have grown and matured so well. Kisses from your hometown!
Whoawhoaw,never thought the day little Sabrina wears a bra on the streets has already come!!!OMG I'll b 16years next month.Feeling so old\n#Just👍1st❤
[Verse 1: Sabrina Carpenter]\nI can't really tell\nWhy there's hills on my skin\nWhen you're whispering\nAll your intentions\nI don't really know\nWhy my heart skips a beat\nWhen you get too close\nOh, it's almost\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nYou look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n[Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\nWhen it's all done\nJust like first love\n\n[Verse 2: Sabrina Carpenter]\nWe're just making waves\nDifferent shades of emotions\nFast and slow\nHot and cold\nWe bring out the worst\nAnd the best in each other\nBut can't let go\nOh, it's almost\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nYou look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n[Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\nWhen it's all done\nJust like first love\nJust like first love\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nWhen it's all done\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\n\n[Bridge: Sabrina Carpenter]\nI can't really tell\nWhy there's hills on my skin\nWhen you get too close\nOh, it's almost\n\n[Pre-Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\nYou give everything\nAnd you give too much\nJust like first love\nYou don't really care if it hurts a lot\nWhen it's all done\nYou look back and know it was worth it all\nWorth it all\nWe'll never forget how it feels now\n\n[Chorus: Sabrina Carpenter]\nJust like first love\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nWhen it's all done\n(I wanna get there, I wanna get there, I wanna-)\nJust like first love\n(I'm gonna get there, I'm gonna get there, I gonna-)\nJust like first love
ฟินเลยยน
jojo;j
ILOVE you😘😘😘😘😘😘
its  AWESOME!!!
#BeforeMillion❤️
Im complete now
Me encanta! ❤❤❤
so nice
Great job Lost Kings!!
holy shit SABRINA CARPENTER
Sabrina te amo
Bianca sent me!!!!! 💛💛💛
Sabrina dabbing is my kink.
My babyyyyy
Love it 😍❤️😍
SOCORR RAINHA DO POP!! BERRO! VOU OUVIR TODO DIA UAUSUUSUAUAU
Lo ve sabri
🇧🇷❤🇧🇷\nDrop bonito
WOOOOO SABRINA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hermosa
Anyone else wanna Marry her💍😍
SABRINA, AWWWW 💞💗
AMAZING
Lost Kings 😍😍
Love you
Yay!
💖😍
LOVE IT
Greeeeat song aaah 😻❤️❤️❤️
❤❤❤
sabby
Great surprise <3
Love itt💖💖
😍
Doesn't sabrina carpenter look gorgeous
😍😍😍👏👏👏👏
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh
sabrina 😍
Sabrinaaaa my love 😍😍❤
Carpenter 😍😘
Sabrina is so beautiful! ❤
She's gorgeous
Me encanto burdaaaaaaa yo se que eso no lo van a entender
That is a stupid thing to wear
Omg anna’s Bianca voice is so funny. “Oh she’s so stupid”😂
Doesn't Anna just seem so healthy and happy recently? 💙
Eduarados little laugh when Anna was going after him was so cute 😂xx
Thanks for the official hand shake Jonathan. Lol😊🙂😄
This world is shit 😐
Irish sounds like a language I can speak called Gaelic
Jonathan is such a good dad
Anna was so funny in this vlog, I just love her xxx
I'm so happy that at the start of the video they gave me an answer to my geography homework and we had to know what Budapest was the capital of 😂😂😂
I'm sure your story will help some other people☺. Peace to you.👍
What a coincidence, I missed these videos because I was on a cruise as well.🛳
Suí síos 😂😂😭I love how u teach them some Irish
Wish was as brave like you 😑🤐
So proud of you Jonathan ❤️
The voice she did for the dog hahahaha she should do wee puppet shows it's so good hahaha
Jonathan is the best!
Anna I think you lost your bonkers hahahaha love you guys
I just love Anna
HAAA!! Anna's Bianca's voice is everything
I’m from Hungary 😊living in Uk 😊
Anna you are amazing with that voice!!!!....I love it~~~Is UK the only place you can buy the smoothies???????
How beautiful is Anna guys??!! And hilarious too!!
Love watching u guys! It brings a smile to my face!💖 alessia is so adorable, emilia is so kind and clever ,Eduardo is so cute and happy, Anna is so gorgeous and Jonathon is so bubbly and sweet! I'll always watch your lovely videos! Xxxxx
As soon as he said #nevercopyanother I Started to copy someone
if you go to bing type in yotube and search at the nside there is a little picture of you guys the saconyjolys
Eduardo's laugh is the best !
Hahaha I love Anna’s bianca voice they are sooooo funny
When Johnathan was talking about those muffins all I could think about was that scene from mean girls; would you like me to assign someone to butter your muffin? 😂
Love love love Anna doing that voice over for the dogs!! 😂😂
Alessia might be the happiest little human on earth 😂❤
Omg anna you kill me with the dog voices it's hilarious! Really looking forward to meeting you guys in Milton Keynes in a few weeks!
I love you guys so much! Such amazing parents ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Such a big inspiration Jonathan! Your story will help so many people. I love your family and have watched for over a year now 💗💗
Hahaha I love them their so Funny 😂 Jonathan is so brave also
I'm from Hungary 🇭🇺
That voice and clip though.... genius !!!!!
loving the photo in the background at the start, little squid.
So so proud of your bravery, Jonathan ❤❤❤
Anna is so funny, she had me dying in her Bianca voice
Don't ignore signs of this happening to your children.
Anna needs to do a whole video just in the dogs voices. I love it !!
The fAct that you told people what  happened is incredibly brave, inspiring...and shows a LOT of strength...i hope it helps others who have sadly been in your situation...even if they don't feel so alone 💚💚 my heart breaks thinking of how many people have been victim of sexual assault 😢💚
I like how that, despite the fact that you probably had a rough day when you released that video, you remained positive and happy for your kids. I know how hard that is. I have severe anxiety and it’s sooooo hard to be happy for anyone or anything. I don’t have kids but as hard as it is for me to remain happy during anxious times as a single adult with no kids I can only imagine how hard it must be to remain strong in front of your kids when you’re feeling crummy. I’m so sorry about what you went through Jonathan. I’m so happy that you have Anna and the kids to remind you that you’re a great person and Dad and to keep you on your toes and help you get this off your mind.
Alessia seems like such a happy well behaved baby all the time ❤❤
Anna is literally the funniest woman in the world! Love her to bits! I aspire to that woman!!! 💕
Anna couldn't look more beautiful 😍😍
I'm so proud of you for sharing your story. It's so important to open a dialogue for men to discuss their stories too.
Jonathon you helped me with that video you put up as a survivor myself... I admire you so much for speaking up ❤️ I’m coming to see you guys at the baby event at olympia next weekend 😀💙
Hahaha that was the best promotion for innocent 😂 Anna's bianca voice is my fave thing ahhaha amazing!!!
I'm glad you told your mom. I am very sure that the video you posted about your terrible experience helped so many people. You are brave And supported by so many.
Omg lmao Anna's accent for Bianca was everything lol so funny!!!
This video proves that some viewers jump to conclusions way too quick and it proves that no, we viewers don't really know anything because there's so much going on behind the scenes so who are we to speculate. I'm saying this because I was scrolling through the comments of yesterday's video and I saw people being mad about him not telling his mom before putting out the video. So this is for all of you. In your face.
Anna doing the dogs voices is the best. Dying for an episode of the dogs voiced by Anna.
Jonathan you are so brave! Anyone who knows you is lucky to have you as a friend
Eduardo is THE sassiest little man and I am in love.
I love love love when Alessia flaps her arms and makes that joyful breathing noise! I just LOVE it and it makes me so happy. #precious
Anna, why don’t you just take an umbrella with you!!
You are such an amazing human Jonathon xxx
I want to see Eduardo take over the vlog for a day!
God Bless you,  Jonathan.  I can tell how hard that was for you to talk about. I was almost sexually assault when I was 6 by a close relative.  I ran away so nothing ever happened,  however it still haunts me every now and then.  It took me years to tell anyone about it. I'm not sure why,  because nothing happened.  I guess I was just ashamed and that it was my fault for trusting this person.  Just know,  that you're not alone.  I've told my husband and kids what happened and the loved me even more.  Im not sure how I would have felt if I hadn't ran away.
I freaking LOVE Bianca and her funny voice and EVERYTHING I can't with Bianca
Out you will feel better....
how is it that I'm in second year and Emillia and Eduardo have better irish than me ...... lol
Jonathan I work in an EYFS class and reading a lot at home DEFINITELY helps kids in their school progress! Emilia and Eduardo are both very smart xx
We are all here to support you Jonathan. You were very brave to post the video. Well done Jonathan
Anna’s Bianca voice is hilarious 😆
Biancas voice
12 on trending!!! Xxx
I love when Anna voices the dogs 😂😂
OMGosh, I love that exasperated little breathy laugh that Alessia does when she's excited. Its much too cute!! 😍😍\nAwwww, ballet with Daddy!! How fun!! 💚💜💛\nI love the ending, haha!! When you talk for them its hilarious!! The little Bianca knit was so cute too.
It could be the newer food you’re feeding the pups, that’s causing the staining on their faces.
Jonathan  we can all\nappreciate your courage! Your a wonderful example of strength and character. Your family respects and adores you as do hundreds of viewers. So thank-you for your bravery and bringing another truth to the pitiful silence of sexual assault!
I say the darnn with what others think. It helped you and it will help others. The outcome will be way more good from your release. Well done.
First, thank you Jonathan for sharing your story. I’m sure that was incredibly difficult to do and I’m sorry you had to go through that and live with it. Second, my parents are on a cruise in Budapest as well! How funny!
Jonathan you are an amazing man, husband, father and friend to all of us. You are a brave brave man because not any man would have the guts to tell the world something like this. We love and support you. You are amazing because you didnt let this awful experiemce take over your beautiful peronsality, your ability to love and be happy. You are one of the few most amazing husbands a girl could ever want so loving and thoughtful to your wife, kids and friendlist friends !! WE LOVE YOU JONATHAN !!
Guilty Eau de parfum by Bianca Neve
Sub to sub guyzz?
we love u
Hash tag you cool
#DontCopyEachother lol
💙
Bianca😍
So brave 💗
I know Irish 🇮🇪
anna looks sooooo good!
How funnys the voice 😂
Anna doing bianca is absolutely hilarious 😂😂
Jonathan 💙
4:20 That V8 🔥
Hi guys Alessia Emilia erdo
You guys make the cutest babies oml😩😍
Ur amazing for sharing ur story
Wow Anna...you look that this is such a struggle to get you child.  Whine...Whine...Whine...oh  my head hurts...  When are you going to be a nice person and parent?
This video is Clickbate
I don’t even know what the dislikes are thinking!!! This is so brave of you Jonathan 🌎
Boring unintelligent narcissist parents parade their children for YouTube views shocker
Well done for speaking out Johnathon, that can't have been easy to do. Anyone out there who sees this and has someone in their life making them do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable, tell someone, a parent, a friend, a teacher, a sibling, a doctor, anyone and don't stop talking until someone helps you
I AM FROM GERMANY.PLEASE TALk SLOW.LOVE THIS FAMILY.KISSES
Is mise ella!
Ok Jonathan. The hungry - Hungary joke is not a good one and not original. Sincerely: a Hungarian person \nLove you though
8 times 21 ? is 168 as easy as my first add math problem
8 times 21...seriously Channing? hahah
HAHAAH ANDY JUST WANTED TO DRINK VODKA TOO
Because Channing, I watched this video😃😃😃. My Idol😍
I love him but sorry 8x21 isn't difficult!
What do you think , it's a #MysteryShot ... ???
Chaning is love ....... Chaning is life........
My name is Jeff
Mi name es jeef
Is he from the south
the other guy just took the chance to drink whenever he could
it should be called 'Vodka Russian Roulette.  :D
burberry give away on my channel
Jerk to Johnson and his 500000$$$$×10000!
I Love U Ellen 😊
Channing I would willingly tutor u in math
Gibbons o
My nam is jeff
Sry but dumb questions
it's 168\n😎😎
https://t.co/O5mzkHfsOo?amp=1
Haha Channing awesome 👏
Earliest
Rad! Aha
Haha
FIRST PIERWSZY
Haaaaaa
Channing Tatum is fire 🔥🔥🔥
I wanted to then see him drunk!
Mah name is Jeff!!
no moor
Andy Zenor is love <3
19 cometario
Andy
cgh
His name is Jeff 😂😂
Nice job Ellen.
EARLY OML
I love him but sorry 8x21 isn't difficult!
Andy Tell me the definition of close
How is he already stupid drunk after only 2 shots? That's only like 2 beers lol
Channing Tatum is adorable ❤️
my name is Jeff
https://xn--g0haaaaaaaaaaaa.gq/r/?ncTlw8EGvrS=2u15RBbB3EKNw5DIPN
I had no idea Tatum is THIS dumb
Millard Fillmore was the 13th president
The most boring video ever
Hahahhaaa 😆😆😆
niggers
Do you love Ellen guys..??... every one must reply
ONE SIXTY EIGHT
*Ocelani iste boyle astilar* http://bit.ly/2yptYWW?PI7got72ENlKoOFF=fN74VHK6BP1Z2E
He got Europa but he didn't get 8x21 or Yankee Doodle???
Thanks it works
I beliven him to do this right because i have faith in him.
https://xn--g0haaaaaaaaaaaa.gq/r/?FIoTcyHP41LquKLmF92PhbyBrts=LEM41dz32jvYAkoY
Third
Invited me sorry i dont speel good english
*Videonun Perde Arkasi* http://youtubem.video?AzN0y6tbTq79lUuaS9cbmDkHueKYb=GC58oUg8VbO4A
https://xn--g0haaaaaaaaaaaa.gq/r/?ncTlw8EGvrS=2u15RBbB3EKNw5DIPN
FIRST
*Videonun Perde Arkasi* http://youtubem.video?U0ofE1w7Ho3zyqF9G6Nw=Yrz26KKBZk90y
Ilove 💋Miss 💋U You😍
first
the powder in the waterline thing was something i 100% used to do it was a thing i remember that time of makeup/ youtube hahahah
react to old cheat day episodes you were in !!!
WHY WERE YOU A BLONDE KIM
Why did I picture high school Jesse as chubby and nerdy looking when she was actually tiny and really pretty 😂
JESSI IDK WHY U CRINGING CUZ UR EXACTLY THE SAME LMAO!!! IN A GOOD WAY OF COURSE!! LOL LOVE YOU XXXX
She is the same, just a little more sarcastic... Yup
You just Made my whole life 😂😂😎😎😎😎😎
High school Jessi was Jennifer Lawrence before Jennifer Lawrence was Jennifer Lawrence.
why do I think that the high school Jessi Kim K make up was actually really accurate and good? lol
GURL. Why you hating on yourself in your Kim K video? You looked sexy girl!
Omg both of them and the Miranda Sings voice. 2:40 😂
I've never laughed so much at any youtube video before. Man oh man this brightened my day. Thank you!
PLEASE SHARE THAT STORY JESSIE. YOUR STORIES ENTERTAIN MEEEE 🙌🏻🙌🏻
I LITERALLY GOT HOOKED ON YOU BECAUSE OF THE BREAK UP VIDEO LMFAOOOOO
you look so young :D
Still the same jessi 😂 please do part 2!
You looked like you would be the star of a Disney channel movie.
i couldnt stop laughing when Naseem (i cant spell im sorry) walked in with the apples
Okay. First off, I peed a bit laughing at this. #mombladderissues and second, your makeup in the clip of Kardashian makeup tutorial was fucking stunning. 😍 #highschooljessiequalsgold
JESSI, your first youtube video on your channel is my FAVE video !!!!! When you first posted it i found it so funny and rewatched it everyday and showed my friends. You should make more vids like that!!!
Tbh, I'm actually here for Kim K inspired Jessi all day.
PART 2
Who was that boi doing a Miranda impression with the apples.
i don’t remember the last time i skipped an AD on jessi’s videos bc my mom has to get that money
high school Jessi looks like a young Gisele!!
i love how naseem talks like her now
7:18 that me right there
PLEASE PART 2 THIS IS PERFECT!
MORE! more videos of young jessi! that last one had me AND my husband laughing
When was she in high school
Lets be best friends. K thanks.
Love your lipstick color! What are you wearing?
Is it just me or does jessi look a little like Jennifer Lopez in her 'Kim K inspired make up look' - the second video at first glance?! 😯
you look even more like jennifer lawrence when you were younger!
Sometimes I'm glad I didnt start youtube years ago so I don't have these old embarrassing videos... but also I love when other people have them so i can laugh hahahahaha
To celebrate 800k can you please do a video with noah?! 😘
High school Jessi looks like Jennifer Lawrence.
Do a prank on nacim your husband and sorry if I spelled it wrong
Heading over to Jessi's old channel. Who's coming?
The part when he comes in and y'all have the miranda voice. That was so cute .
Do a react to your Epic Rap Battles of History vid.
Plz stop saying bad words I'm six I'm telling my mom
wow this is on trending!
please do a video about your reaction to hair dye!
Go watch my first youtube video ever .. bean boozled challenge! It's funny asf.
Yes do the storytime about the hair dye!!!!!!!
Highschool Jessi looks even more like Jennifer Lawrence. Much love. Also I watched your very first video on this channel about a trillion times. I loved that shit.😂😂😂
THEYRE SO POTENT
the part where your husband came in warmed my heart. that was so cute. i love how you both do the miranda voice
GIRL. I just went and watched your whole Kim K makeup tutorial (even though you told us not to lol) and idk why you were so hard on yourself! you did amazing then and you are still amazing at makeup now! I would love to see more makeup tutorials on this channel :)
fetus jessi looks like jennifer lawrence
I wish I could do that 😔
The honey crisp apples 😂😂😂
FETUS JESSI
OMG WHY HAVENT I WATCHED THIS YETTTTTTTT?!
Elephant man storytime!
“IT SMELLS LIKE FRICKEN APPLES”\n“THEY SMELL dELICIOUS, THEY’RE SO POTENT” 😂
8:37 you’re welcome 😍
THIS IS TRENDING
CONGRATS ON 800k !!! 🎉🎉
HAHAHA!
you're on trending  yay!
Girllllllll you trendin’ 😂
sisteriknowthisisaterribletimebut \nyouhavetosmellthesehoneycrispapples
They haven't found a solution for this!? ...wireless headphones tho Jessie? 😂
There is no wonder that the world is in such a dystopian state, when people have spent 2,666 hours watching this.
You sound and look like a man
Holy shit Jessi, you made the trending page in the UK. Congrats!!!
What..noooo that was too short I’m sad
Do you guys want to know about that? Yes, the answer is always yes!
I LOOOOOVE that you reacted to your first video because I actually REMEMBER when that was posted & I loved it SO MUCH that I watched it like a hundred times and I know EVERYTHING YOU SAID on that video until this dayyyyyy I loveeee that I got to see you react to it OMG THANK YOU
You're not trending.  You're just enjoying some affirmative action virtue signaling from the SJW's at YouTube.
for a new mother, you looking cuuteeee
What’s sad is this is better than the videos I made last year on my old channel.
.....try not wearing someone punched me in the mouth lipstick...?
Sister, I know that this is a terrible time... Hahahaha
why does she look like iJustines sister - Jenna when she was in highschool lol
You're trending! Yay! From one momma to another, you're doing great and deserve the best!
I swear..there is almost no difference 😂😂😂
Hey jessi I just saw your video dumbest things I did for love and I have a question DID ANY OF THOSE TWO PEOPLE CONFRONT YOU AFTER YOU TOLD THAT GUY THAT THAT GIRL HAD A STOMACH ULSER please it is eating me alive please do a part two of people confronting you :)
O R I G I N A L C O N T E N T
this bitch said miami accent? what the fuck is a miami accent?
tell us about the elephant man story please!
7:34 this is so me omg
Please Do The Storytime On How Your Allergic To Hair Dye
dang she's actually really pretty ugh
Woooo! Jessi is #48 on trending congrats👏
Omg you're trending!
GIRL YOU ON TRENDING!!!!!
Omg. Im dying. Lmao
Quasimodo!!!
Legendas português, por favor  🇧🇷
Honeycrisp apples are the best
Trending
Gurl, FINALLY IN THE TRENDING
2:45-2:49 that MirandaSings impression tho... 😂❤️
My girl trending. ❤
Your trending!!!!
HUN YOU TRENDING
Bitch you're trending!!! 🤗🤗🤗🤗
Fucking love you 😂
😘😘😘😘
Dwl! Fuckity fuck! Penis!😂😂😂 I fainted
Haha! That intro!
Hey Chloe love you xoxo
Wow this looks amazing
Lmao that intro 😂😂😂
comment
k  grcyp,uhhi,mtydrts eszxx dxresesb
Loved the look!
You are so amazing Chloe!!!
Love this look!
Awesooooome
Hell yeah looks awesome! 😍
ok special fx queen you better werk
best halloween makeup tut, hands down
This is amazing
🎃🎃🎃
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THE SWEARING! It's gonna be demonatized anyway so... fuck fuckity fuck fuck..... HAHAHAHA!!!
This is the best Halloween tutorial I have seen yet!!!
Love you girl! I’ve been watching your videos for years! I personally never wear makeup and if I do it’s only eye liner and mascara but none the less i enjoy all of your videos!
I LOVE your Halloween videos so much!!! I think you're on the same level as special fx makeup artists cause idk how the hell you come up with this stuff on your own it's so creative and original!! I wish I had money to buy this stuff cause I wanna try this look! Can't wait for the next one!!!
i’m tryna wear this eye look to class this week
Such a good Halloween idea!
I've never watched a video on special effects makeup that was better explained.  this was great !!
Love you too much
this was creative asf , love it 😍
I think you just changed my mind about what I was going to do for Halloween, I LOVE this!
my favorite of your videos, just throwing out all the words in the intro. I'm into it hahaha
Chloe this was awesome! Making me rethink my Halloween costume idea to try this 🤔
I wish we celebrated Halloween in Australia just so I could try these tutorials! getting serious Cara Delevingne feels with those brows... in a good way (Y)
Not only stunningly beautiful and talented but fucking hilarious too 😄😍😍😍
Amazing i love it
Best Hallowe'en tutorial on Youtube so far! <3
Amazing! I love this look <3
YouTube is doing you dirty :(
Best Halloween Tutorial this year until now. So fed up with Skull-Tutorials. Well done Chloe, really like it :-).
You did such an amazing job!! 👍🏻
This was so scary looking, I live 🎃
you should make more videos like this ;d
OMgg this is amazing!!!!
Love!!
love this bitch
love love love
:)
Hahahahaha I love you
Aaaw I looove u so muuuch!
wicked
Fave youtuber by far
Crazy creepy cool!
Fucking love you
I love you
So creative Chloe ❤️ love ya girl
Penis Vagina Fuck!  You win!
:) <3
👻
HELPING YOU HERE LOVE YOU
This is great and from what I have seen, original. I thoroughly enjoy your videos.
I laugh so much with your comments!!! You rock!! Xoxoxo
fuckity fuck fuck fuck
iconic
You are great! And always so fun!😘
you are the best 🙌🙌
This is legitimately the scariest Halloween tutorial I've come across so far! 😐😄 Chloe can you pretty please bless us with a 3 looks 1 palette tutorial with your new palette? ❤️❤️ K thanks love you bye xx
your videos are like the only reason i go on youtube!<3
Fuckity fuck fuck fuck penis vagina 😂😂😂
You always have the most creative tutorials!
Omg so much work went into this video! I wish it was monetized, you deserve it!
This is really sick I love it
Commenting because I love you and you said it would help you ❤️❤️❤️
ugh, i want to do this but dont want to scare little babies when they come by to get candy haha...oh well!!!
What is the $2 store?
This is so fucking cool
Love your Unique creations you are beyond talented! Love you!!
😂😂😂bitch you are so real 😂😂😂
I might be late to the party but WOW this is the coolest look for this year 😍😍😍 i really liked it you did a hard work chloe thank you and I will try to do it this year😍
Love love that straw effects you created!
You honestly crack me up so much 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I love you so much❤️❤️❤️
I LIVE for this tutorial!!! 🖤👻🎃 YAAAASSSS BIIIIITCCCHHH!!!! I love it, thank you and thank you for being the beautifully amazing human that you are ☺️
Okay may be a dumb idea...or maybe not but maybe next year (or still this year) you could do a series of like glam looks that you then turn Gory so people can do glam or gory!! Love this look and obvi it inspired my idea but seriously obsessed with this!
u make me proud to be aussie lol
This was just cool
i freaking love this so much
So creative I love it chloe
That was amazing! You still look awesome in this costume! 👏🏻🎃😁
so good!!! I love how real you are all the time
lol chloe did you just wing this tutorial? especially coz you kept rubbing things off? even if you did thats amazing coz i wouldve needed multiple practices before putting it on camera. also ,why would your video be demonitized?
You're so great. Loved the vid
hahahah i particularly love the gratuitous cussing at the beginning. such fucking bullshit that vids now get demonetized for swearing. just one of many ways for them to ultimately control content.
Love this makeup and I look forward to all your videos😍
love this look! so original and you're videos always make me laugh!
You are the best Chloe!
Hahahahahaha, I love you girl! Love the way you keep it real
Love this haha 😂
Love it!!!
True blue Aussie <3
Omg lool, that intro.
love thiss look, and you more!
Why goodbye to monetisation when using fake blood?
I loved Logan and Children of Men is one of the best films ever made, so I had a lot of fun putting this one together! *What films would you like to see me tackle in the future?*\nAlso, if you happen to be looking for stock footage for a project and want to help support LFTS, check out the 7 day free trial of Videoblocks: http://bit.ly/LFTSVideoblocksTrial
I'm a simple man. I see Children of Men... I click.
I’d love to see you tackle something with minimal dialogue like Shame or Hunger
I never noticed the similarities between these two movies before. Another great video as always.
Do a video of the new Netflix series Mindhunter, pleeeeeeeease
Logan immediately became one of my favorite comicbook movies after seeing it in theaters (and with time, will probably only get better).  Children of Men is one of my top 5 favorite movies to date.  Alfonso Cuaron is a brilliant director.  The cinematography is superb, and all of the actors really flesh out their roles.  I've watched it numerous times, and my enjoyment only increases with each viewing.
so glad i found your channel
My heart leaped out of my chest when I saw this in my notifs! AAAAAA!! I love both films- Logan is the best X-Men film out there, and Children of Men holds a special place in my heart since it's one of my favorite films ever! And I agree with what you said about it- that it's one of the best films ever made!! GAAAAHHHH--\n\nThat aside, I really love watching your vids 'cause they teach me a lot about films, story telling, character analysis, and etc. Thank you so much for them, and I hope you keep doing your thing! <3
Hey Michael Great content as always\nI want to ask you something\n\nI'm having a plan of making a film essay, and i want to ask you what method do you use everytime you analyze a screenplay ? Did you watch the film as you studying the script ? Or you just read it first and then watch the film ? Because i found it really hard for me watching a film and read a script at the same time\n\nThank You !
I absolutely love both of these films. Thank you for the lesson here: as a writer and as a movie lover it makes complete sense.
amazing video as usual, for your future videos, I'd love to see your analysis on The Room by tommy wiseau. i'm sure you love that movie lol
Hey! that was a pretty analysis. But I do have a small disagreement: Logan's lie. At the beginning of the video I thought it might be a bigger disagreement, but you do address part of it when you talk about the initial attitudes both protagonists have about the future. The thing is: I'm not sure Logan's lie is some aversion towards family in general.... I mean he does go to great lengths in order to take care of Xavier in his very complicated decrepitude. I'd probably say that Logan's lie has to do with where he thinks his family exists and what he should be trying to save. His lie is that his family ties can only exist in the past and that the debt he needs to repay to professor X can be repaid by taking care of him. But the truth is that his debt must be payed forward, that his obligations are towards the future, not the past.
Your analysis is amazing as usual. Also, I couldn't agree more on how ridiculously underrated Children of Men is. Truly, a masterpiece!
man Logan really took me by surprise. I knew it was going to be good but it was amazing
24 ways Children of Men and Logan are the same movie.
As Charlie Kaufman says in Synecdoche, New York The end is built into the beginning.
Now I must watch Children of Men.
I was waiting for someone else to make this comparison!  So glad you did!
I've just rewatched The Breakfast Club - pleaseeeeee consider doing an episode on that film.  I'd love to hear your take.
Amazing. You make my comparison film reviews look amateur. Great video man.
Whether or not you do a video essay on it up to you, but if I may recommend a film to you with a lot of themes and ideas to unpack, you should check out The United States of Leland starring Ryan Gosling, Don Cheadle, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Malone, and Chris Kline. Very heavy film.
Hi Michael, I love your video essays. I've been learning a lot. I'm writing a story sort of like wonder boys (by Chabon) and Sideways. And although i kind of see the comparison, i would very much like to see your take on it. thanks a lot!
I love your work. Seriously. I'm a aspiring writer/screenwriter and your essays have helped me a lot trough the process. Here's a suggestion: analyze Chinatown. Why is it so important? Why is it so baddass screenwriting? Thanks again and keep up the good work, man.
how about... THE WOLF OF WALL STREET, please? You've need tackled on a comedy, besides GHOSTBUSTERS and American Beauty, although the latter film isn't exactly a comedy...
Now I want to view both films back to back. Fantastic work.
One of the best analyzing videos I've seen. Great analysis on my favorite movie of all time. Keep up the awesome work.
One could say Han Solo could fall into this category
One of the two favorites movies of all time
i really loved both of these films and I was blown away by this great comparison and analysis - great work!  very inspiring!
There are two types of people whose choices/actions defines them as true heroes: Those who endure all the pain, suffering, and sorrows of the world, so no innocents would ever have to feel them. And those who no matter their desires to protect the innocents and to see justice is served, by the book and nothing but the book, are hated, look down upon, and whose names are ridiculed by same innocent people they fight to protect. They continue to protect them nonetheless, without any regrets. :D
Another amazing video.  Thanks for the incredible content, it's serving as much needed inspiration as I battle through my screenplay.
Best video I have ever seen
I guess you can add The Last of Us to this as well and I love all of them. I guess I'm just a sucker for this type of story.
This video is beautiful. Thank you
Great vídeo !! I wound love to see you talking about The handmaids tale 😃
This is like a video essay. Thesis and supporting evidence.
The Beginning is the End is the Beginning - Smashing Pumpkins
Great video, can you do The Prestige?
Verrrrry well done sir! Keep up the good work!
I will buy those books!
You have such fantastic content. I watch your videos multiple times bc they really get my creativity going. Thank you so much for the work you do!
When you brought up the protagonist believing in a lie that reflects the problems with society, my immediate thought was Bladerunner 2049. What a beautiful character arc for K
I didn’t even have the language to articulate it at the time, but I knew Children of Men was the most powerful (and probably best) movie I had ever seen the first time I watched it.
Great topic.  I'd believe this idea more if you started the explanation with the beginning of the stories instead of the end.  Better proof to just see how it is before the persuasive links are made for the learners.
This video is great. I’m definitely subscribing and definitely binge watching more of your videos
Another piece of media very similar to this is the Last of Us. Identical narrative composition.
Please do an analysis on La La Land! Though I personally think that the screenplay is mediocre, the execution is spotless, and I would LOVE an analysis on the this aspect.
I've never thought about this but soon as I read title of this video I (internally) screamed: Of course!
Wow, The Last of Us follows this formula point for point as well.\nI was joking when seeing the Logan trailer that it would be the Last of Us movie we didn't get but I hadn't realized how similar the two stories actually are until watching this video.
I'd never realized it, but the Matrix fits this structure to a T as well.
It is hard to believe how young your channel is. You went so far, so fast.
I appreciate your work so much. just amezing work.\nmuch love from Denmark
The last of Us is heavily inspired by Children of Men and Logan is basically The Last of Us  but with mutants.
One of your best essays yet, Michael! I love both movies, and you've communicated why they are so effective so eloquently. Really good job
The Last of Us is similar, I think
Whatever you do, whatever you make, I always love all your videos :)
Really wish this was longer..I love these videos so much
Never seen Children of Men but it kinda reminds me of V for Vendetta. Why are the British so convinced they will be the last country standing(and why do they need to turn Fascist to do so)
Eyes Wide Shut is one of my favorite films of all time. I can't figure out why tho. DO IT PLEASE :-D!
Love this channel! I used your advice from the Star Wars LFTS to make the protagonist of my short film more active! Thanks for making my writing better.
Fuck man, I love this episode
We really need an analysis on Acts 2 and 3 as well.
I wonder if the academy has the guts to give Jackman a best actor Nom for Logan?
Okay, I would pay you to do a full analysis like this of your favorite movie. These videos are insane.
I love how, even though I'm a writer and not a director, most of the lessons you cover are applicable to my work. Big thanks as always.
This was fantastic!! Man...thank you for making these.
You are great at this. Thanks you for this. I love your essays. And also, your voice is soothing.
Once again, congratulations, Michael. I believe this to be one of your finest works yet. It's quite a pleasure to watch such thought and well-crafted analysis every week. By the way, I also consider Logan as one of the best films of this year, but I must say I did not care much for Children of Men after I first saw it, many, many years ago. After this wonderful essay, I sure will give it another chance. Greetings from Argentina.
Beautifully said.  I absolutely adore the analysis in your video essays, keep up the great work!
Soo, doing it only for the money lead to bad things eh? That's one similarity
While not a favorite of mine, I would love for you to do a analysis of Annie Hall, especially after seeing your video on When Harry Met Sally. I'm really surprised to not see anyone else request this one.
Do Where the Wild Things Are
This was fantastic. Thank you.
I really enjoyed watching this video
wait did cleo die? i thought he just passed out. fuck...im just gonna pretend i didnt hear that
What is the music at 4:50 - 5:27? I cant find it on the sound cloud :(
Wow this was super helpful for me thank u!
Interesting video (for a change ^^)! Have you seen Blade Runner 2049?
This is the best video on this topic I EVER! Wow, you're amazing. Keep it up Michael.
The Last of Us fits this mould perfectly as well. Literally the exact same narrative arc.
could you please do the Shawshank Redemption next? \np.s. I love all your movies. Keep it up :)
I would love to hear you talk about an Edgar Wright film. Any of them really (my favorite is the World's End and no one talks about it). Anyway, great observation, great editing, thank you. I always look forward to your videos, keep it up.
Man, this video is great!
Do something over Jack Reacher Never Go Back
Dammit, I need Act 2 and 3! Great work man!
Love the video and the way it pleasantly surprised me. Also could you or anyone else please tell me the film music used in this video?
Had Clive Owen been ten years younger, he would have made an interesting Logan.  Had Hugh Jackman been ten years younger he would have made an interesting James Bond.  Hmmmm.  Not that Clive played Bond, but when you look at the old BMW ads he starred in you could see he woulda been a good one.
(sorry about my english) I've never watched CHILDREN OF MEN, so I've watched only for watch this video. Amazing movie and analysis. Thank you.
It's almost been a year since I started the 3rd draft of my novel for NaNoWriMo. I finished it in the summer time and have been taking a break from it to build my business, and I am often contemplating revising it soon.\n\nTHIS video essay has inspired me to come up with way better revision ideas than I had thought of the past year. Since I am character centraled writer, I'm looking back on my product and seeing the glaring flaws in my book AND the potentialfor it to be better. \n\nThanks to this video, now I have a better idea of how to handle my protagonist's character arc. The fact that the lie she believes in is too easily debunked early in the book, and now I am seeking ways to get that lie to hold her back even further than before so I can make a more compelling narrative.\n\nTHANK YOU, Michaeal, for everything you do on this channel. It truly helps a lot!
That was aweomse!
Amazing job! Keep it!
Very informative video. Thanks.
fascinating as always!!
Excellent video.
fantastic stuff
review rudderless
The Dresser and Birdman.
Good job.
Brilliant
I'm sure you've been asked this before, but is there a resource list of all the books you reference in your videos? Would love to add it to my reading list.
Everybody in Hollywood like this. All pedophiles too. I hope they all die.
the girl with the dragon tattoo
Birds of the same feather flock together,were is the rest of the flock
Hollywood being a dark place where women can be sexually assaulted ....\n\nAnybody seeing the 'Beast and the Harlot' music video?
i had be raped by a old women 10 years ago.\n\nwomen False accusations movement without evidence.
At the end of the day Mr women respecter don't get no pussy. If you got money and status women will come around.
Having to watch this fugly walrus of a hairy beast take a shower must be akin to crucifixion! Disgusting jew!
the jew cries out in embarrassment as he molests you
Hollywood has always had this kinda rep, this isnt anything new.. Why do young people keep trying to knock down the doors to get into a corrupt and perverted industry??  What do you expect??
Nothing will happen to him because he's a Jew and Jews run Hollywood
if he doesnt go to jail , then we will see the power of the money , if anyone of us do that , for sure we were on jail already.
This model rocks for wearing a wire and trying to catch him.  Way to go, Ambra!
Is fame and getting movie and television positions worth these incidents with Harvey Weinstein?  Just like the Bible says, is gaining the world worth losing your own soul!  I think not!
This is an anti-semitic canard !
Ewww. I guess he has to pay the karma debt by going to jail and get f*** by the Mexican mans
YOU'RE SO DEAD IN PRISON
Stop sucking dick to get parts in Hollywood all of you ladies.
I want justice for the potted plant!
Liberal Hollywood is being Exposed 😈👿☻👻
I know I am going to get heat for saying this, but the fact that so many women stayed quiet rather than call out this predator is truly sad and upsetting. Their silence perpetuated his deviant behavior. In his sick mind, there wasn't anything wrong with it... Why? Because most of the women shrugged it off or were afraid of losing their career. What's more important, values and standing up for what's right or money and Fame? It seems for many the latter, smh.
what goes on in the dark always comes out in the light.
SWINE WEINSTEIN CAUGHT WITH PANTS DOWN : DESTROYED (and rightly so)\nSWINE DRUMPF CAUGHT WITH PANTS DOWN: ELECTED\n\nNOBODY IS MORE HYPOCRITICAL THAN A TRUMPANZEE...
And Donald Trump is one of them too
look at that, I cant blame him for trying ;)
After we had a mutually agreed rough and an extremely perverted bukake, anal, foot fetish, food fetish, hentai - like, fisting, footing or feeting, he stood up, looked at me with his devilish eyes and said: \nCan you massage my shoulders, please! \nIt was terrible, massaging that grizzly bear. That massage request was very offensive and hard for me.\n(it's a joke!)\nImprison that hungry perv!
Isn't that that fabian guy from channel one?
Well, you gotta admit -- he had good taste in women.  Only the best...
Desperately pleading is NOT what Weinstein was doing, you jackasses. We can assume that headline was written by a man.
But he looks so nice and sounds so nice. (Not about the creepy bit)
A perverted freak exposed and uprooted Praise the Lord
Harvey Weinstein? Hollywood?\nThis happens in every aspect of American business.\n\nThe gambling company IGT is just as corrupt and disgraceful.\nThey protect racists, deviants, con men and would defend paedo's if it made them a buck. \n\nPatti Hart, when she was the CEO of IGT, and former General Counsel Johnson, oversaw and concealed: \n1) The bribery of staff to lie to cover up management criminality \n2) The blackmailing of staff to cover up management criminality \n3) Non-disclosure of evidence in direct contravention of court orders\n4) Perverting the course of justice \n5) Forcing staff, by mandate, to commit perjury in court \n6) And other breaches of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act relating to some suspiciously odd adjudications by equally corrupt judges.
Harvey Weinstein
JEWISH SEX TERRORIST IS HARVEY WEINSTEIN
Who the hell would watch some old fat dude take a shower? Lol
Typical dirty jew
Roast that pig
LARRY FLYNT - HUSTLER MAGAZINE scumbag Degenerate Communist Cockroach, to PAY 10 MILLION to Impeach Trump - See the video :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSik9Uz14y8&t=21s
Italian or Colombian?
Disgusting Hollywood kike. Deserves to be removed from this planet
If the devil had a voice, his is what it would sound like
I just have a question...why now ladies ? Why not when it happened ? Or is it because you liked what he was doing to you ? You all went to bed with thim stop playing victims...
Who taped the conversation between he and the model?
Libtard females and a  Sodom and Gomorrah man...they deserve each other.  LOL
Oh common people. He is not the only pig in the movie industry.
The year of the Weins. First Anthony w...../carlos danger/mr abedin. now HW....
I dont understand why did they wait so long to sue him and report those facts.
Hollywood seems to be full of very *strange* people , can you guess what group they belong too ? ..Here is a clue ' You can't talk about them '.
Hey can all the anti-Semitism.
That italian chick ruined her chances to become next Hollywood stupidstar...
Whats wrong with desperately pleading with a beautiful model?
Did this nice man maybe upset the wrong jews?
If its only alleged surly you shouldn’t be making a video on it?
Please dont be outraged by Harvey Weinstein if you voted for a president that wants to grab em by the pussy!
A jew protected for decades by Jewry in Hollywood \nNothing to see here
That man looks too dirty for taking shower so often....
Jews have a perverse and degenerative effect on American society
Waiting for a guy to denounce him for sexual harassment too. That would be funny.
Harvey A Role Will Cost You A Hole Weinstein\nHarvey She Blew Me To Be In My Movie Weinstein\nHarvey I put the 'Ouch' in 'Casting Couch'  Weinstein\nHarvey A star is born when her pussy is torn” Weinstein\nHarvey I got it on tape in case you cry rape Weinstein\nHarvey Collecting Underpants At Sundance Weinstein\nHarvey You'll get fame only when I've came Weinstein\nHarvey Rape is OK When You Blame the NRA Weinstein\nHarvey Lube up that Flesh, for a Certified Fresh Weinstein\nHarvey Grasp this Sword for an Academy Award Weinstein\nHarvey Buying Her Silence After Sexual Violence Weinstein\nHarvey Rich and Famous If I Penetrate Your Anus Weinstein\nHarvey Making Hollywood goys suck off little boys” Weinstein\nHarvey Every New Actress Must Visit My Mattress Weinstein\nHarvey Gargle my pee, for a spot on IMDb” Weinstein\nHarvey I Got The Power So You Watch Me Shower Weinstein
Good on ya harvey day all b fame hoes anysway.
execute harvey for his crimes
a beautiful 22 year old italian model \nthanks for letting us know she was 'beautiful', news. because that's a really valuable and relevant piece of information to a sexual harassment case.
So gross. Has some fetish with being watched taking a shower and beating it. Very weird the way he begs for it. Smh.
So now it seems clear to me that any so called actress who was in his films has revealed themselves to be a PROSTITUTE No MAN would ever sleep with a fat ugly woman no matter how rich or powerful but women on the other hand......
He made all this people rich
Can he even find his penis beneath that belly?
Grab her by the pussy.
Maybe he''ll be having a shower with big bubba someday soon.
Weinstein is a sexual predator but the ALMIGHTY HOLLYWOOD protects him and their fellow sexual deviants goyim.\n\nThey thought the Satanic Cult is just a crazy Christian Conspiracy. But this is a hard evidence that several A-listers accused him now.
Don't ruin your friendship with me over five minutes... How simultaneously sad and needy, disgusting and manipulative.
No one should be surprised at what the culture of permissiveness and near naked women and power created. It is also no wonder at the more than 100,000 rapes in this country due to the bombardment of everything having to be sexy.  Virtually everything in the movie industry has an element of sex thrown in and giving something a PG-13 rating will not stop young viewers. Make the ratings and warnings much stronger. God, family and country.
Throw the book at this pervert.
THAT demanding insolent voice is THE DEMON Thats ON HIM TALKING! One demon on him -opens door for lots more. HarveyW IS TOTALLY OVERRUN WITH DEMONS. This guys lord is SATAN. AND NOW satan IS DONE WITH HIM. Devil COMES TO STEAL KILL AND DESTROY! 👎💩👎💩👎
When women singers like the one who used to be Hannah Montana sexually harrasing males none bat and eye, but when a Male do same thing, all of you start complaining about it like a bunch of little kids.
How's the power over women goin Harvey? How's it going?
Yet you all support Hollywood from Woody Allen barely legal adopted Korean daughter to Michael Jackson molesting young boys.  Corey Feldman so messed up (some kind of victim syndrome).  Even Bill Clinton molesting interns as govenor to President.  You all gawk at celebrities as role models?  Why now with McGowen?
No woman is going to have sex with that ugly mug on purpose unless she is blind!
Evil ugly pig.
Nasty jew.
Quel gros porc.puant  Il porte la perversion sur sa sale gueule.
Ugh
G-d Dammed shiksa whore....Dats it she'll nevah woik in dizz town again We run dizz place yah hear......stupid gentiles....Sincerely haawvie winestone...
Typical democrat.
Dirty Old Pig
Where's Ice-T
Jewish
Cesspool breeds maggots! Why is everyone so surprised?
Dear God
Jewish Zionism at full effect!
Another Liberal SJW is revealed!
Hollyweird - jewish pervs...............
Actress= pretentious hookers😂😂😂
BILL COSBY
Inge visiting Dr Bernstein in Der Giftpilz (The Poisonous Mushroom).
What's wrong with you people?!\nShe's full of age, he wants sex, so what? She could have left anytime.\nJust because he's ugly yet rich doesn't make it a crime.
Our cultures popular entertainment is trash, ran by trash, who wants you to be trash.
there's no criminal act here, I don't know this fuss is all about.
Harvey Weinstein is NOT a pig\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHe is toilet scum.
did he grab her pussy? \n(did he ask first?)
Still...not nearly disgusting as Comrade Trump, who RAPES America EVERY DAY.\n\nBOOT OUT ALL republicons, NOW!
Women sell their bodies to corporate heads to get a head start in there careers. Then when they don't get anywhere, they scream RAPE to make a buck.
#LIT 🔥🔥
baby u deserve all the awards ya ya ya 🔥✨
r u guys serious？ this is trash！
Suho be under the sheets cryin cause his baby gone and be on top😂
Kris is cool and handsome is perfect
This is so fucking lit
kris im so proud of u bby
I wish I can give thousand like every time I listen to this song. 😍😍😍😍😍 keep it up kris
This is so fucking good god damn
so proud of you, kris
LYRICS ON MY CHANNEL :D
T A L E N T
Kris you’re killing me!!❤️❤️❤️
This beat soooo raw. I'm lovin it! \n- Malcolm Smalls
I can't understand shit. I swear Kris needs to stop with his mumbling.
god, i love yifan but part of me hopes he doesnt change his natural self, smoking joints surrounded by barely dressed girls was never his image. Love this song tho, \n\n\n~
this song is very great
I LOVE THIS MV！
Kris wu is so cool!!!
finally, my boy grows up
I put this as my Ringtone and someone called me and my ringer was hella loud along with my volume\n\n\n\n\n\nThe whole class started dabbing and the teacher took ma phone until last week when she gave it back. \n\nLemme just say; very lit song indeed Kris boi.
DYING TO SEE THE MV OMG
all goes on Travis，travis saved this song
EXO L pls get out of here
You are the best
Accounting on the youtube to see you KW ❤️❤️
you deserve the best
you rare really a brave and cool man
It’s #1 on Spotify top 50 in the US
Can't stop!BTW,the mv will be released in an hour and a half!
kris wu <3 this is so LIT
Omg~~~ kris is a cool🐣😭😘❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🎀❤❤❤❤❤❤🎀❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀🎀❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤I love You Kris ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🌛🌛🌛🌛
Nicooo Kris is a song and voice amazing 😍😍😍😍
the amount of good comment is crazy, this is literally a piece a garbage
Something of him that i can catch on for a very long time
Love this song💞💞love kris wu forever😘😘
He is a dreamer.❤❤
This is what Kris always wanted to be and this is the kind of music he wanted to do ❤ im proud of him and im digging it
Pretty good,kris wu deserves the best.
Kris u dropping a bomb
Just wow 😍💕😎
PROUD OF CHINESE
KRISSSS! EJSISEBWIAKADJSHWQOHDOSNSSGSIJAVWISIDBSKAIWJADYZOAPAKDUCCHNX 😭❤❤❤👏
leaked travis scott ft. miguel 🔥🔥🔥 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1p3FO0ESA&t=8s
I stan
666
KRIS WU FUCK IT UP 😤👌🏼
mi peluca is gone
https://youtu.be/WJq2drq17Q8
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
My bae😲❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
woo-hoo
Damn near snatched my edges ❤😘
YESSS GETT ITTT KRISSS U CHICKENNN ((;
GOT IT
so cool
Kris wu.hip-hop singer
666
this shit lit
proud of you
so cool
Proud of you
yeah yeah  yeah yeah～
Kris Wu!
WOOOOOOW SLAY KRIS SLAY
666666
cool
😍😍😍
💥
coooooool ！！！ i love it
cool
nice! nice!
Cool
Krissss 😘😘😘😘
Kris wu \ngood
Yep.he is so cool
👍
kris wu is amazing!
Cool
cool😊
😍😍
its shit bad'
666
Travi$ Scott 🔥🔥🔥❤❤
Pleasant to hear
Travis save this song tbh
Aaaaaa😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳wowwwwwww super hit song 🎶 💚✌😇
cool
Good song
👍👍👍
Overrated
❤❤❤kris wu
Kris Wu
hii
This is so DAMN GOOOOOOOOOD
wow
I think Kris should ask Suga to be his tutor~ lack of rapping skill!
Kris betray exo and go to china not korea I'm really mad and really jealous because I'm korean
meg was always there
88rising > SMentertainment
I have high functioning​ anxiety, it's similar to depression but instead of feeling as if you're empty all the time it's being stressed all the time. It's gotten so bad that my mental health is starting to affect my physical health. The worst part is my mom won't listen and tells me that every teenager has anxiety (yes, it may be one of the most common mental illnesses in the world but not EVERY teen gets panic attacks) I think she sees it as just general stress wich irratates me so much and my stress levels can sometimes affect my thinking and I won't be able to concerntrate. She's normally so understanding and accepting but she doesn't understand that I'm having panic attacks like 6 times a day now and have 3 mental break downs in a course of 1 week
this video made me cry. this means so much
I've been so bad lately and I haven't talked to anyone in ages. I feel like im dying this is so relatable
I have depression too, I also have ADHD, so I’m both hyper and am constantly upset with no way of feeling happy
I'm so proud of you for getting to this point, Dan. I hope you continue to get better and find no shame in having episodes. Keep fighting, mate.
finally someone understands <3 love you dan, thank you :)
I’m so proud of dan for this video. It’s clearly difficult for him to talk about and different from his usual comedic videos  but it’s so so important to talk about. It’s still in dan’s style and true to him but is informative and helping to break the mental illness stigma. I’m sure he’s helping so many people with this video. I’m so proud of him.
Honestly it means so much to see someone be so honest and open about real problems that affect real people everyday. It just makes me really happy that there are people willing to speak up and help others feels that they’re not alone in how they’re feeling. Thanks for another amazing video :)
i just met a psychiatrist about my depression n anxiety.. its really bad n i even got sick leave for a week.. I'm feeling how u feel n looking forward to getting better ONE DAY
i'm going through a breakup with a boy that i was genuinely in love with and i have fell back into a terrible place in my life after feeling like I'm finally better. i really needed this video. thank you dan. ❤️
what i love about this video is the fact that it is serious and important, but it's also lighthearted and a little funny :)
Never related to a video more
Hope your okay dan❤❤❤❤ I know how you feel with your depression!! We are all here for you💙💙💙💙 you have helped so many of us so it's time we've helped you💜💜💜💜 we all love you💚💚💚💚
Why did so many people dislike this video? You twats...
I made an appointment with my doctor partially because of this video. Thank you.
Ok you got to the exercise part and I wanted to cover my head and cry. It sounds like my personal hell... though my body hates me for it.
Dan, I hope you know how much of an inspiration you are to me and how much you've helped me. I am so proud of you and love you so much!
thank u for helping destigmatize mental illness in such a chill, approachable way. I've been diagnosed with depression for 5+ years that goes along with other health issues which are mostly under control with help of meds and other's support and you've given me a lot of happiness. So yeah thank you <3
This boy in my class relates to dan so much its not even funny
i've tried talking to people about it but my family just thinks i'm seeking attention and my friends just don't care at all. depression really does suck, i've been there (and still am). but dan this helped sm :) love you dan <3
Dan I love what ur doing and the fact that u want people to feel better but some people can’t get help. For a while I found self harming fun. I was NOT depressed when this happened, I just found it fun. I would tell some of my freinds about it but I don’t have many and the only one I did tlk to continuously called me crazy and would black mail me but the less I talked about it the worse it got so I told my parents I needed therapy. They thought it was just and phase and for attention but when they saw what I started to became my mom was literally about to send me to lakeside mental institution but refused to let me see a therapist so I never got the help I needed and had to go through one of the toughest moments in my life alone.....
Dan: Don't listen to me, listen to an expert\nAlso Dan: *Shows clip of himself*\n\nHaha, but in all seriousness I'm glad you felt you could share this with us. I'm not prone to depression because I have an impossibly positive attitude, but there was this one, brief, minuscule time in my life where I had extremely severe depression. It only lasted for about 1~2 weeks, but believe me when I say those were the longest and toughest days of my life. Too many bad things happened at the same time is all.\nI'm truly heartbroken knowing that people experience that empty feeling for years, but I'm also inspired because you've made it this far already.\nI know that to you I'm just a total stranger so this might not mean as much, but I really care for you and I'm so proud. \nI picked up on all the signs years ago, I saw through the façade. Sometimes I even felt like I knew what you were thinking, or maybe I'm just crazy. Either way, I wanted you to know that you have all of my encouragement, and still, I'm willing to offer more if you need it.\nAlso you should know that I had to type this whole comment while staring at the final frame of the video and you have pre-orgasm face. It made this very serious situation really funny.
I'm suppose to take medicine for depression but i don't like it it's better for me to fight it then block it
Dan, thank you for sharing your story! A lot of what you described are things that I have felt in the past and also recently and it feels so much better to hear that I'm not the only one. I have taken anti-depressants (the same ones that you have) and have talked to multiple therapists and it is very helpful to be able to have a trustworthy person to talk to about all the issues that make up my life. Your video made me tear up a little and I sincerely appreciate the courage that it took for you to share the issues that you have been dealing with, you're just wonderful!
i suffer from depression too😔
You are such a beautiful person
Oh gosh depression is so horrible. I actually went to the doctor again today and guess what, she is one of those people who believes depression can be solved by a change of thought. Originally she didn't believe I had depression. It makes a world of difference when you have a good support system. Also, admitting you need help is such a huge step but so helpful at the same time. \n\nThank you for sharing this, Dan.
can you please do a video on therapy? that’d be so cool and be great for normalizing it. my therapist is my home dog
Damn. Thank you Dan. We all really appreciate this. That bit at the end about being who you are DESPITE the depression, really helpful. Thank you.
I really appreciate you talking about this, it is inspiring me to try to go back to therapy
Dan, when I first started watching you I was super depressed. You wee the reason that I laughed for the first time in months. I love you
Every word, spot on. Thank you.
Crying? No. I just got something in my eyes....Tears. Tears in my eyes (':
to anyone who self harms:\nyoure not a bad person for what youre doing, and its ok to celebrate being clean. heck, celebrate being one minute clean because thats one less minute youve used to hurt yourself!\nalso im 3 months clean im vv happy about that
ive had depression for years and near the being of when i found out what i was feeling was depression, i did a similar thing where every few days, weeks, or months, on fb id post a status labeled something like chapter 1. in each chapter it would be a short sentence or paragraph on how i had been feeling lately. in these posts  id have advise, or complaints, or anything else i felt like sharing. eventually i got to 49 chapters, taking about two years to do. apparently a few friends of mine felt like i had made a big impact on their lives and helped them through things. the point is, im glad you made this video, because a lot of people, including me, find it helpful.
Hey you're not dead
Yeah Dan you’re how I deal with depression. I fill my void with your face
thank you so much for this dan, because of this, ive told my dad about my depressive episodes recently. ive become more violent, emotional, scared, anxious and really fucking sad and now, i going to go see my doctor and find out if i need anti depressants.
I've been through all of this and am currently going through my slow process of getting off my meds. It was really nice to see one of my idols talk about it and helped a lot.
Dan wtf I'm in the exact same situation and act the same way and you dealt with depression the same I'm speechless
All seriousness beside, I walked into a depressing gray door.
i doubt anyone is gonna see this but i went through one of the worst times of my life last year. april 6th i got my first knee surgery and september 7th i got my second one. while recovering from these surgeries i fell into a really bad depression i was isolated and alone most of the time. tbh i almost ended my life. anyway, a year later im doing so much better. im about to quit anti depressants after taking them for 6 months, i have a good job and a supportive boyfriend & friend. i never thought i would ever get better, i never though i could go weeks without being depressed but i truly am better. i have genetic depression so it will still be there no matter what but im a productive person and thats really helped me feel better. it does always get better.
Thank you for this.
I take that sweet sweet Prozac and it keeps me mostly functional. Depressive episodes suck so very much. I had one last week and I couldn't even be bothered to lift my phone to my face so I could do some reading. I'm just lucky it was on a day I didn't have work.
I have anxiety, depression, adhd, and add
I feel too much related, maybe I need help
Love how I say ok I'll just go to bed at 12am then notice it's 1.12am so then I go ok I will go to bed at 1.30am. (Look at the clock, 2.30am)
Dan, thank you for this video. It really shines a light on how important this issue really is in the life of teens and adults. After this video and a following panic attack, my mom finally agreed to help me get on anti-anxiety medication and see a therapist after years of saying no. I, along with everyone else, am so grateful for someone with your following, for sharing your story <3 <3 <3
Love you Dan you've helped me through so much
You are so inspirational and I'm so proud of you, you're amazing
I’m so proud that you’re comfortable to open up about this :} depression is such an ass and it never really truly goes away, I hope you’re able to maintain your better mentality 💛\n\nI’ve struggled with depression for a long time this year it’s been kinda getting worse, I would have mental breakdowns out of nowhere without a real reason besides it being due to overthinking and I hate it so much but honestly ever since I started smoking weed it’s helped as weird and crazy as it sounds but it’s helped me feel better at low times and it’s helped me create a great bond with friends that I never imagined, I’m not saying it’s the right choice for everyone but it helped me :3 I wish you and anyone else struggling the best of luck <3
You helped me get through years of my depression, thank you <3
I had to go through several doctors and several different drugs until citalopram was prescribed to me and actually worked. It keeps me afloat. I'm on 40mg currently and have been for years. Still not ready to get off them yet because I notice the difference if I miss one day. But this gives me hope that the day I can ease off them isn't too far away. I take mine for OCD too though so maybe not lmao
We take the same antidepressant 💜
Dan stands for Domino's and negativity
Lol come to my house and make me exercise with u
Side effects are the worst, trying to find the right meds is such a pain. Also everyone says exercise works but I can't find motivation to do it. Any advice?
I've been severely depressed for years, as well as having severe PTSD accompanied by auditory hallucinations, derealization/depersonalization disorder, and maladaptive daydreaming due to extreme physical/emotional/sexual abuse from my father. Dan, you've helped me so much through the years, and seeing you taking your antidepressants/having taken them helps me feel so much more comfortable with my own. \nThank you for talking about this. It helps a lot. ♥
Ive suffered with Depression and Anxiety for the majority of my life, Im 19 now and Ive suffered with it since I was about 12. Ive havent had the easiest of lives and Ive been through a lot with my mental health but Im so proud to be where I am today and I now know that things do get better. I love it when videos like this from people like Dan are posted because it shows the people who do suffer that theyre not alone and even some of their favourite people struggle too. We're only human but we can fight mental health
I've suffered with bipolar disorder, depression, and anxiety pretty much my whole life. But finally, at the age of 20 and after years and years of medication and therapy, I finally feel content. I stopping self harming 4 (5 in March) years ago, and although I still deal with suicidal thoughts every now and again, I want to actually live. Mental illness is a scary thing to go through, and I've become that friend that Dan mentioned, because I know what its like and I don't want anyone to have to deal with that alone, like I did for a long time. Awesome video Dan, and thanks for talking about your experiences! And if anyone reads this, just know you are loved and have a friend in me :)
I wonder what it's like to not have deppresion or any mental illnesses  at all.
I wish I was as strong as you
Is there an awareness day for physical conditions? Like, the invisible illnesses that people forget about alongside mental health? Things like protein deficiencies, allergies, asthma, epilepsy...
i've had problems with depression and anxiety  for about a year and a half now. every time i've tried to reach out with someone they think i'm just seeking attention and avoid trying to get me help. knowing i'm not the only one who copes by staying in bed all day doing nothing really helps. i lose all energy and emotions when i get depressed. you're videos have always cheered me up when i'm feeling down, and i really really thank you for it.  i've just kept everything to myself. bullying and self hate has really brought me down and i was  almost at my lowest point. i wish nobody had to go through this. all the love to you daniel :)
Thank you so much for saying this Dan. Its such an important message, and it's one that I wish the whole world could hear. My story is really similar to yours, and if I could tell everyone in the world that things get better then I would. You are a wonderful person, and you are so brave for putting this out here for everyone to see. Please know that you are loved.
I have went through depression. I took medication for about 2-3 years, and I am now starting to get off of it. I know how you feel. It may not be the same exact way, but i get a understanding of it. You and many others have helped me. I hope you start to feel better. Lost of people care about you!
Awww Dan 😓 I hope everything stays good 🖤 We're always here for you! (And fuck the people who aren't)
Thanks Dan Its nice to know that I wasn't the only one who got depressed and hope that mayb someday I can tell someone about it even if it's just my friend or even admitting to myself that I am.
I fucking love you Dan!😭
I feel the same way, Dan. I struggle with severe depression and anxiety, too.  OKAY WHO BULLIED YOU?? TELL ME THEIR NAMES AND I WILL HUNT THEM DOWN
thanks you dan for this video <3
story of my life. aha. *coughs* totally didn’t just get diagnosed with bipolar *cough* *cough* Dan and Phil will definitely help with that *cough*
Dan, I'm going through major depression and i really really appreciate you for uploading this. You really are such a blessing. Thank you for getting through it, I hope I can too.
We're all with you
My ad was about drug abuse... youtube why
Thanks for sharing your story
Omg dan please we love you 😭😭😭😭😭❤️💘💘💗
protip! if you don't feel comfortable talking about depression/anxiety just journal! I've done it for years on tumblr and it's really amusing how I can see now in the archive the progress of my thought and how I used to feel compared to now when I don't feel depressed anymore.
This sounds stupid, but can I be depressed if I don't cut myself? All my friends who had depression cut themselves but I can't bring myself to do that
This is one of the most informative videos about Clinical Depression and it even addressed some misconceptions and framed everything in a relatable, understandable, and positive way. Well done, Dan.
Dan would you do a video about anxiety or social anxiety? Just asking, xoxoxo
Only Dan could make a video about depression funny. This was amazing, Dan.
I want to see those therapist videos please!!! I don't have depression but have a therapist myself for life goals and drama and all that stuff, so I know how helpful having one can be! I've watched you for 6 years now Dan, and I am a little surprised to hear about this part of your life, but I'm happy you felt ok sharing it with us. That's what I've always loved about you!
Awe my sweet sweet boy
you helped me dan, best youtubah evah
“Erectydingdongs”
13 reasons why oof
Cried
Dan: *deep inhale* Exercise.\n\nMe: Ohh Jeez Nope Can't.
Ayeeeeee experience twinzies \n*highfives*
I'm 9 months clean recently :') woot 🎉🎉
🖤🖤🖤
ur our dannyboy
I already kinda knew
For me my depression is a drowning feeling. That no matter how hard I try to swim to the surface I keep sinking deeper and deeper. It's like I scream for someone's help but nobody hears me. I have clinical depression and S.A.D. My body doesn't have enough dopamine so I have to take anti depressant. I didn't tell people at first because I knew I would be asked why are you sad. I just get moments where I'm downer then other days or yeah I get that to when my mom takes my phone away, and I have to do chores. I do therapy and it's been helping me with the help of the anti depressants. \nYou aren't alone with what your feeling, they're always people you can talk to, if you don't have someone close to talk to, talk to your school nurse or go to a therapist. I call crisis number when I'm feeling suicidal and need someone to talk to. It's completely anonymous and the people are trained professionals.\nIf you ever need to talk to someone I'm willing to listen because I care about you❤️\n\nCrisis number 1 (800) 263-4944
Extend your spine Dan.
“World Wewtal wealth day” nailed it
Oh my god this is my exact experience... I feel so bad that you have to go through this :(  Depression suck
I’m pretty sure most people know I’m depressed because I hide my depression in memes...
Hi I'm Mimi\n\nI was prescribed Lexapro earlier this year. I was on it for two weeks when I felt ready to kill myself. I ended up having a breakdown a week later and I was put on a 72 hour hold at an inpatient hospital. 72 hours turned into 4 weeks. Then 6 weeks at a residential. I didn't step into my house for over 2 months. \n\nI left the residential July 5 2017, and I've been mostly stable, prescribed Wellbutrin now.\n\nI had another melt down a month or so ago and had to spend a weekend at another inpatient center. Ironically, that was the worst 3 days of my life. I never felt more rejected. I never felt more alone. It will be one of those things that haunts me, but life goes on. It has too.\n\nI don't have a point. I just feel like sharing.
#13 trending Alex! Glad to see your getting exposure!
I'm a Magician 
No
Nice new art style
:/
yo
TELL MEH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wasatsifcgtsdxvnmbhygftdresxdfgtr
he robbed sixty flags
NEW STYLE?
WHAT HAPPENED?
hello alex
#not first
please tells us plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
No
I TOCK 10000000009455 mileon dolrs
Not yet
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooope
Nope
Engineering lol
AAAAA NEW ANIMATION STYLE
Yes plz want happen
i wanna do surgery job
I love ur song
You sound like Jerry Seinfeld
your murder
yes
I steal Xbox cards
Oh hey root 4:49
. . .
DOCTER
No
Lol I wanna sell heroine
Crime: Roasting someone really badly
Woo I Stole 9.9 Million Bucks (joke)
Nice New avatar, 1000000 sub  celebration?
What is your discord
Why does Alex sound like Seinfeld?
Hey Alex your life is pretty similar to mine but I'm only ten and your stories really help me through situations
Me and three dudes robbed a bank once....  Pacific Standard on hard, with all $1.25M taken.
Not rlly a crime but I tried to steal my grandmas biscuits when I was six
Love the new Clark
awsome you made a new character :D
Hey Alex. My first job is actually the one I'm at installing rails for the cast iron fencing company I work for. I make 10$ an hour which for me is awesome because I can donate to all my favorite YouTubers.. you guys suck all my money away
i sat here for a min it went from 1,068,00 to 1,070,00\nwow amazing i wish i got subs like that
You all to someone or and took the 💰 and took the 💰 and made it yours
I wanna be a lawyer.
I wanna be dead when i grow up :D
I made a crime. I took 3 dollars from my brother so I could buy a gift card...\nHe never found out
My name was in a YouTube video, I'm officially famous!
savage, you where a criminal mastermind! $6,000,000
The new bobby looks like a roblox character 0:45
in the description he said no crimes were committed at SIX flags
i wanna be an electrictiran
I like ur new character
So did he got to literal jail or did he just get fined
If he did do it he will be living in a massive massion
Did u or did you not
You did it you rich now give I mean share to your fans
I made a robbery I stole a ten cent candy.
Id love to act in one of your animatoins I’m really good at doing voices
Yeah my dad planned a crime one time. He planed to stuff me up the mail tube, get into the bank and steal the money and come back through the mail tube...oh and I was like 5 years old, so I was like no thank you lol XD
Yoh the receptionnist Norm in the last Lucifer episode (3x03) looks A LOT like you
I want to be a robotic engineer
Hmmm the problem is I would like to think you did steal the money but at the moment you look like you need an unimployment check so i gonna say, no
I tried to get a job at Old Navy. They didn't hire me. Let's hate Old Navy together. \n\n\n\n\n\nHalf joking. :P
I just got something from your shop
╭━━━━╮ This is cooldog. Help\n╰┃ ┣▇━▇ cooldog take over\n ┃ ┃  ╰━▅╮youtube by pasting\n ╰┳╯ ╰━━┳╯ him in 10 other\n  ╰╮ ┳━━╯ youtube Chanel’s or he\n ▕▔▋ ╰╮╭━╮ will never be a cool dog.\n╱▔╲▋╰━┻┻╮╲╱▔▔▔╲\n▏  ▔▔▔▔▔▔▔  O O┃\n╲╱▔╲▂▂▂▂╱▔╲▂▂▂╱\n ▏╳▕▇▇▕ ▏╳▕▇▇▕\n ╲▂╱╲▂╱ ╲▂╱╲▂╱
1:20 A picture of tge pooppcaca is in the backround ●▲●\n\nAlso a youtube play button
2:01 this scene belongs in a movie trailer\nxD
Yes you did do it
I kinda like the new design
you better not have.
I am getting 2 interships more money, less work, best kind of job.
I wanna be a surgeon but at the same time a manga artist and a game developer
I kinda like the old animation of your character better
Who needs stunt manning? You got accounting\n\nwith 3.4 million dollars right down the hall from you.........
I'm the 1,071,200th sub!
My dream job is to be a marine biologist so that way I can work at a aquarium!😇😇😇
i want to be a janiter
I want to be a photographer when I grow up.
I just went to six flags magic mountain two days ago...
I follow you on Patreon. My name is NAVMAN101 \n\n\n\n\nPs I want to be a YouTuber
Honestly I prefer the older version of your character... Is that just me???
I’m not trying to be mean or anything, but I think changing art style once hitting a million seems a little uncalled for, I’m ok with it, but just saying like stick to what got you to where you are now, any who, congrats on a million
My crime was..\n\n\n\n\n\n\nstealing a cookie
Hey Alex I got to say that I like your videos and when I say your video about getting your video game console and when mentioned overwatch i thought about how I REALLY like playing overwatch soooooo yea I guess that you can say that I play overwatch OVER the average
I figured out how to commit the perfect murder
Hey Alex I like the new art style😀
I want to be coder and  the #1 most popular game in the future.
I just got a Nintendo switch 2 days later... muuuuuuuuummmm yes you now how I like Nintendo... oh god, is there a new one no I want a game boy  ... an eightys console yup no aaaaaahhh
when I was a kid I devised a way a rich person could smuggle drugs by air dropping from a helicopter I was weird
No you would be in prison for life if you did
MY DREAM JOB IS TO BE A POTATO!
I'm sorry to say, but I like the old art style better :c plus I think another YouTuber has the same look.
I mayyybe robbed something or 2 but where,when,how,why?\n\nAt Whalemart \n\nI saw it open,tiny captain sparkles figure,splatoon figure (somebody opened their boxes)\n\n\nI put it in my pocket
Hi ALEX :)
3.4 million dollars and still living in a second class home. Yep. Totally happened
OMG ALEX! I got your obey the alpaca bag and i got the poster and note. It was really awesome!
I don't know why,but I like the way he looks when he's bored.
I kind of agree DQD
make a giant emoji poo cake
Happy b day
Make that thing spicy 🌶
JP 2 Julia 0
So many sexual innuendos
''its  better when theres something inside''\n\n\n\nJulia~hellthyjunkfood\n2017
Stuff a sausage into a Peach
Needs ketchup.
Reported for sexual content
Idea:deep fried twikey inside a oreo
Looks so good mmm
love your smile Julia!
cross contamination
4:34 it looks like brain
0:17 ooooh yea baby
Omg make a giant poptart lol
Pizza inside the fried chicken
Jp won🏅🏆
plz reply
Your teeth look great:)
Make a giant gusher!
Make a giant pancake
Plz make a Mint Oreo chocolate bar
Fatass's dream omg
Google.com
Try cheeseburger calzone!!
Make a Giant M&M
Make fried pizza 🍕
Make Mac N Cheese Stuffed Ravioli or tortellini!
New challenges please: (if you guys are interested).\n1) Supernatural Chocolate Milk, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, vanilla and chocolate ice cream, sprinkled with Reece's bits.\n2)Habanero cheese salsa with Doritos topped with soaked hot sauce ground beef\n3) Jamaican patty soaked then fried then smothered with Hot sauce \n4)Pretzels with melted marshmallows topped with chocolate \n5)White chocolate mousse cake, in Vanilla Milkshake, with vanilla mochi, whip cream and sprinkled whited chocolate Reece's \n6) pickled sausage 🌭 hotdogs\n7) the hidden but original Pizza Hut buffalo pizza \n8) Doritos locos taco lasagna \n9) Ravioli soaked in hot sauce\n10) Compare which serves the best boneless vs bone in wings. Wing Stop, vs Hooters, Vs Buffalo Wild Wings \n11) mac Donald's Big Mac combined with BK whopper, combined with steak n shark burger, combined with Wendy's burger\n12) chocolate cake, chocolate ice cream, chocolate milk, chocolate mousse, whip cream with coconut late, snickers, chocolate candy. Hazelnut snickers, chocolate whips cream, chocolate marsh mellows, double chocolate cookie, chocolate chip 🍪 cookie, and chocolate sprinkles
Galaxy ice cream pleazzzzzzzzzz
You two are too cringy. lol
Was it always HellthyJunkfood or was it HealthyJunkfood?
Make a giant takis
it's better when there's something inside
I like Julia's teeth now
You guys are just annoying now!
can u guys plz subscribe to my little sister vyxoxo
Julia:lately JP has been stuffing some stuff inside other stuff.Me:thats what she said😂
I’d stuff my fire Cock in your thot ass
How about you stuff in pasta and in chicken
JP has stuffed alot of stuff inside of stuff lately, and I wanna stuff some stuff inside of stuff too!\n\nWonder what their sex life is like...
“Shake it like a baby.”
JP's looks like a chicken cordon bleu
Love Mac and cheese but I would have added Guida and Mozzarella with the other cheeses and a little mustard seed
Julia is low key thicc
Kimberly Lett YES Yup Yuo
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY JP
U dum
Momo 🙏dumpling 🙏plzzz gaind dumpling 😔
plz do mac and cheese inside burger inside pizza
Make cheesy bacon empanadas
Make a giant slurpy
Plz make bun bo from vietnam!!!
how many calories?\n\n\nToo Much
remake the aloha yum burger from jollibee please:(
STEAK INSIDE A LOBSTER
stuff inside of stuff 😉😆 : pen*** in you know what
This took me back to epic meal time
2:13 shake it like a baby??
Wouldn’t give you food poison because the Mac and cheese touched the raw chicken
I've done this before. It's so good.
Was this channel always called heLLthyjunkfood??
Can u make a giant hot Pocket
JP and Julia make a giant meatball
So they got a whole lot of teeth jobs done and look way better now, what else is new youtube?
how much stuff can you stuff in a stuffing when your stuffing stuffed enough stuff ( say fast x3 ) if you said it correctly leave a like and plz HJF pin this
STUFF MAC AND CHEESE INSIDE A BURGER
HE IS NOT AN OPTION
Can you make A Giant Resse's Bar
wait what happened to her teeth
Man what happened to this channel.Maybe I've just changed.
This whole channel is food porn😂😂
You guys are like the perfect couple!!
Let’s just Appreciate Julia’s Smile 😍😭
she is so cute !
Make a pizza cake stuffed with spaghetti
You guys whould have gordon ramsay on the channel
MAKE AN ICE  CREAM CONE MADE ENTIRELY OF FROZEN ICE CREAM
If you are on mobile go the the beggining the video and keep going back over and over
I thought it was healthyjunkfood... I just realized it is hellthyjunkfood
Omg Julia have new teeth.. when did this happen?!
U guys think I’m joking I have really dreamed about this food since 1st grade
Make a buger stuffed with mac and cheese deep fried.
“*JP has stuff a lot of stuff inside of stuff*” = JP has stuff a lot of cum inside my vagina
U guys should do GIANT OREOS! And even better... DEEP FRIED GIANT OREOS!!!
U guys should re create Friday's chicken strips!!!!
You should do pasta in side a pizza
If u want to eat all of there foods like the comment love all u guys
Jp and julia I challenge you guys to make a combo of dessert which is milkshake, crept, pancake, cake, ice cream, smores, sushi, marshmallows, hot chocolate,  out of oreo, ferrero, nuttela, and you will fight against each other to see who can make the best combo yet.
I miss Julia's real teeth
My mom said she would try it
Make the new naked egg taco at taco bell
Can you guys do this\n\n\n\n\nGrilled cheese sandwich but inside the bead theres a burger and inside the burger theres a spaghetti................. Your a GOD if you guys actually did this :)
Make a giant potato chip
Can you have chicken in side a chocolate
make giant mac n cheetos burger like if u agree
mac n' cheese is shit it is poop
0:27 it looks like a fleshlight
I love the lipstick, what brand ? Which colour ??
Claudia always was and still is LOVELY!!! :)
Lisa! Can you please give a María Félix makeup tutorial! She was one of Mexico’s most beautiful women. With very characteristic makeup.
Pls pls pls pls pls a tutorial with Doutzen Kroes :p one of the most flawless Beauties ever
when other youtubers are collabing between them and Lisa is collabing with top models from the 90's you know the difference in caliber.
can you please do make up on an asian person without a crease?
I will say that I'm not the biggest fan of the quick fire questions -- I love the natural process of getting to know the person through Lisa's conversations with them while she's doing the makeup. Having the quick fire questions makes it seem more jarring and less integrated with the video.
Beautiful job on the Legendary Claudia! Anything Bardot is fantastic
Lisa you make the rest of the 'beauty gurus' looking and sounding incredibly sad and cheap. Video like this one are an example of what a real professional should be. Thank you so much. And thank you for bringing a beauty icon such as Claudia.
She does have lines, but she wears them well and she's still gorgeous.
Lisa, I doubt you’ll see this comment but on behalf of all of your subscribers, we LOVE you! I just cannot get enough of your videos. I swear I watch each of your videos at least 3 times! 💜 I love that the looks you showcase are elegant but simple; simple meaning the amount of products you use and application method. You aren’t afraid to use your fingers, and you don’t feel the need to slather on a ridiculous amount of foundation & concealer. You highlight the natural beauty within, including any “imperfection”, which makes the client look even more gorgeous & authentic.  It is so refreshing to see your content!  I realize that you are a very busy professional make up artist but please continue uploading your amazing content when your schedule allows! ❤️ Jaimee in the US
I love Lisa's laugh at the end! So adorable! Fantastic work as always <3
Finally, a makeup look done on a true hooded eye- nicely executed. Her crinkly laugh lines are just lovely!
ANY SUPERMODEL that works purposes with you is a great person as well! NOW, if only Christy, Naomi, Kate H. and Linda could be next!!! Love these beautiful women!
So wonderful! I love the whole interaction, just so genuine and sweet!
What a lovely guest and a wonderful surprise!  A favorite of mine since the 80's!  Beautiful...
Fabulous tutorial 😍 I cannot use eyelash curlers ... my eyelashes are so long and naturally curly and my eyes are hooded .. I actually try and straighten them out a bit with the mascara wand lol.
What a fantastic tutorial. I love Lisa. She's a true artist and leagues above the other self-centered 20-somethings flooding YouTube. Genuine class and style! And Claudia is so timeless. <3
That Golden Circle makeup bot was quite amazing!
Lisa you and me common thing is rings love
Her skin is everything
Fabulous video Lisa, I loved seeing Claudia, she is amazingly beautiful and natural (meaning no botox or plumped lips). Great idea to show us how you did her make up!!! Wonderful!!! Thank you !!! Cristina M.
Lisa, this was so much fun, with a great match of look & model. And I do want that lipliner color, I've been loving a light nude lip lately.
Hello Lisa Eldridge ..I would love to do the smokey effect underlining the lower eyes with liner or eye makeup..but I suffer from puffy eyes/ slight bulge quite near to the waterline...so how do I tackle this issue with make up...
Lisa looking gangsta with all those rings 😄. Love this makeup look. It isn’t easy working on mature eyes but I think the trick is not to overthink it. This smokey eye still works 👍🏾
Gorgeous!!  Both of u!!  Thank you for sharing this moment in time with us!!
Great video, thank you so much for sharing this! You both are gorgeous & talented. It's wonderful to see two extremely successful women supporting each others work. LOVE!! One minor point, pizza cutter?!? How 'bout modified ball-point pen instead? <
LOL I hit like before even watching!
Please please do rose makeup look from titanic... You seem to know exactly what celebrities use for their roles and real life.. I wana know what Kate used in makeup as rose and what hair colour was used and hair cut... Please do that video!!!!
I'm pretty decent with makeup but if I tried that dark of a smoky eye omg I would be a mess! Seriously talented! Goals dramatic but still minimal
2 wonderful women sharing a wonderful moment with us! Thank you ladies you’re both so inspirational.
Claudia had a few Chelsea Handler angles for me in this...
So beautiful! Loved the quick questions
She´s an archangel.
Make up look with Liu Wen, please! There are not so many make up tutorials with asian beauties. It'll be amazing!
I am not familiar with Claudia Schiffer but you can see from the bone structure of her face that she is beautiful, with or without makeup. She looks like a doll, big eyes, slim nose and shapely mouth. Not sure if she had plastic surgery, but if she was born like that, she was born to be a supermodel. And she seems so nice and kind, which is a rare in these day and age with supermodels.
Love how Claudia allows her face to have frown lines and crows feet, instead of botoxing everything away like what happens in Hollywood. Ageless beauty!
I have been waiting my entire life for this.Thank you thank you thank you.I love you Claudia
I didn't think Claudia would be like this, I have never really seen her talk much before. She seems really smart, down to earth and just a cool chick to hang out with. Great tutorial.
I love the 60s looks! Claudia has the most fantastic skin...stunning!
I love all the great 90s supermodels....! wow! despite the fact that they´re older now, they are still so stunning! Bravo, Claudia and Lisa!
Such a cute video!
Brigitte Bardot is a beautiful woman but let's not forget she's also a keen racist.
She still looks like an angel. That skin!!
Yep! As I suspected, Lisa's rings reproduce
Hi Lisa, I really enjoyed this with Claudia, I’m a massive fan. I also made a video the other day on Claudia too. It’s part of my female icons series - I would be thrilled if you could comment and watch it. I’m a massive fan of you and have been following your work for a number of years which has inspired me to go into makeup myself. My YouTube channel is Laura Gask. Thank you for your time.
just look at this beautiful creature =) no botox and fillers... just plain gorgeous in and out ..   the most beautiful woman in the world!
Anyone know where Lisa’s rings are from?
Claudia looks so sweet such a kind person
Yes, what a treat! My fave model of all time with the best makeup artist ever!
She is the most beautyful creature in the world. I adore claudia🌹❤️. Thankeyou, Lisa
It's such a joy for me to see Claudia's make-up being applied, and it's also a treat to see how *even more* exquisite she has grown over the years :) It is hard for me to quantify 'why' and 'how', but maturity really does enhance one's beauty; perhaps it is the lack of self-consciousness or the ease of one's smile... I'm not sure. But whether our friends and family would describe us as beautiful, interesting, or even kind is not so much the point as living a good and honest life ― a life of love, generosity and spiritedness ― I firmly believe that this shows in our appearance :)
I saw one of the OG Supermodels, I clicked
OMG how do you get one of the biggest supermodels of all time in your video?
Black eyelashes and blond hair... isn't it weird?
Funny intro! Really loved the energy between you two Lisa. I did notice the new ring additons. They are so beautiful. Always wondering where you find those dashing rings.
I gave away a fragrance by Agent Provocateur to a free box.  ehehehehehehe
What a goddess she is
Wow, she seems so sweet , nice and authentic!
Once the Top Supermodel in the World, some 25 years ago.
Omg one of my favorite supermodel. She's the perfect Bardot.💕
this is a beautiful makeup tutorial and really fast haha I love all of the colours and you are my favourite YouTuber.
I slept with my makeup on last night. Take me out back and shoot me. :D
My younger brother was IN LOVE with Claudia Schiffer back in the day-she is still stunning and I just love her imperfectly beautiful teeth!,
Lisa Eldrigdge's videos are the only makeup tutorials I need and want to see. Love your work!
If only I could sleep in my makeup and look like Claudia when I wake up!
Lisa!!!! thanks SO much for featuring the original supermodels like Yasmin Le Bon and Claudia! Just what I needed after a hard week :D
oh Claudia is lovely isn't she - so articulate, warm and gorgeous  xxxxx
Beauty really comes from within...
Whoa Lisa is taking to the next level . Love Claudia . She's perfect !
Omg Claudia Schiffer is my favorite model ever since I was a little girl.
OMG her skin is flawless i can't believe this.. another lovely collab!
Do you have a new ring or two?
I really love how she is ageing gracefully.
Of course it's gorgeous!  So sad that Claudia's makeup is not available in the US :-(
Thank you for sharing the video, Lisa! I love how Claudia is so natural & classy and looking after herself after 30 years in fashion. She is comfortable & confident in herself that she doesn't mind showing us her lines, which we all have!!! Great to see her amazing self after being her fan for 25 years!!! Love Claudia!!!! XOXO
That intro, sooooo funny !!!!
Nooo waaaayyy claudia schiffer!!! Amaazing!!!
She is STUNNING !
Claudia is just beautiful
Claudia is beautiful
#Iconic 🖤🖤
The Bluest Eye!
Love it!!
The Great Claudia Schiffer
Claudia 😍😍😍
Lisa: Thank you!
💜💜💜💜💜
Thoroughly enjoyable, Lisa!
love this video <333
Wow does Claudia  ever age???
Claudia looks unbelievable
<3
Wow, incredible!!!
Intro...too adorable!!
Monica Bellucci please!!!!!
Wowzers!
😱😱😱😱😱
She's gorgeous
Omfg! THE Claudia!
what the hell i love this its so cute
Well that was adorable
This band is too cute.
LOOK AT THESE NERDS, THEY'RE SO CUTE
Zac back in the band should be reason enough to any atheist to start believing in God. hahahah \nMy love for this band only increased, and I listen to them simply since they started. That perfect divine melodic and energetic vibe remains in the band independently of any circunstancies the band go through or any new ideas they add. It can only come from God. I actually was growing up as they were also growing up, so you can understand how important they are for me. And notice, I am a person who thinks it's very unhealthy to idolize any artist, so you can see how much my love for this band is not just a teenager idol hysteria thing. hahahah I'm not even a teen anymore. Lol\nGod bless Paramore.
Jaja I love the song
didn't know they could make me laugh while singing such sad lyrics
m y   c h i l d r e n
I love you guys
i'm in love with this oh my god
I need a Rose Coloured Boy or Fake Happy video!!! 💖
i've never related more to taylor york in my damn life
This will never not be the cutest thing ever
Last time I heard paramore was when ain't it fun came out back in 2014 lol
This is so cute I’ve watched this tOO MANY TIMES HELP
Takes me back to the old days when Zac and Taylor would make silly videos <3
I want to marry all three of my babies
this is so cute I'm dEceAsed
Wait I'm confused since I'm a new fan.\n\nIs her name Hayley or Taylor?
I have been blessed. Thanks.
the blue guy looks like alfie deyes and markiplier combined
Taylor York is DEFINITELY MY FAVORITE PERSON ON EARTH
I love this band
WHY TAYLOR IS EXTRA CUTE IN THIS ALKSDJLASJD
why is paramore the weirdest band ive ever seen?
Looks so fun and enjoyable, and then as soon as the song ends her face changes in a millisecond :/
Taylor is the best 💜💜
i m    g a y    f o r    h a y l e y    w i l l i a m s
TAYLOR TAYLOR TAYLOR TAYLOR TAYLOR you're such a cutie ph my god.
Didn’t this band used to have guitars?
haha that must be pretty fun :)
I CANT TAKE IT THEY ARE JUST TOOOO DAMNNNN CUTEEEEEE
they're all so cool i stg this looks like so much fun
Omg tayyyyylorrrrrrr hes so cuteeeeee
I just... c'mon guys! You are freaking awesome. loooooove you so much
0:24 is this the wiggles
This is so cute and gorgeous and ohh my heart I love Paramore
The best of Paramore
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT! 🔥🔥🔥💯 #Real
At my concert, Zach snatched some girls painting. Like stopped everything and asked if he could have it
When the weed hits u and u ain't even ready
All of them r me jammin to this song
B E A U T I F U L
YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO CUTE TOGETHER
protect my family at all costs please
They look like they're having nothing but good times
0:12 looks like something out of a Bollywood movie xD
It must be awesome to be in Paramore, just have fun and mess around in music videos.
There's 666 comments right now, must keep Paramore #BLESSED
I just realized those glasses aren't real glasses...
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH <3 TAYLOR YOU'RE FREAKING CUTEEEEEEE
No hate on me!
They look like they had so much fun recording this! That's adorable.
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
THIS IS SO CUTE! 💝\nLove Zac's beanie (and him XD)
This make me so so happy, that face at 0:40  jajaj i love it .  I love my babes they're so adorable that melt my heart ♥♥♥
Will the guy in the yellow pls marry me
ALL THREE ARE CUTE!!!
I love her. Luckily no one will ever see this comment.
Where is the Rose-Colored Boy music video?? :'(
A D O R A B L E
roll on January 19th
Dioss, que lindo es Taylor
Los amo, me hacen feliz mas  Taylor !!! <3
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I LOVE THEM SM
Hayley mi amor !
Cuties
❤
I love them okay bye
I love it ❤
Oh Hayley <3
isnt taylor a cutie pie?
my precious lil beans
Hayley is hilarious and beautiful
So lovely!
these adorable people
OMG 😍❤️✨
TRENDING
#38 on trending good job paramore!!
*_*5000 screenshots_**
Ellos son asombrosos.... :)
Ricegum please take this L
It’s trending 😂
Cute af
come to peruuuu please
Scripted
AW
My heart just explode
Taylor is so goofy 😂
Vergaaaaaaaa llegue bien tarde :'c
taylor so cuteeeeee
ALSO #37 ON TRENDING YAS QUEEN
in love
This will do............unzips pants.
miss old paramore 😫
LOVE YOU GUYS 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Taylor - you'll float too.
ITS ON TRENDING IM SO HAPPY
Oye me llamo Haily es parecido a tu nombre
Me alegra verles divirtiéndose mucho, esto significa algo bueno.
Its never an ad not one..whenever i play this song he a real one💯 for that.
Yellow red and now orange
Reminds me of a mature or serious tyler
So, he basically say he want to have an affair with a M.I.L.F. ?
Lmfaooo I just spotted the girl’s face at the beginning
This guy high as shit
This is honestly such a bop, I’ve watched this ab 6 times In one day
2:20 when you so high but you hungry af and can't tell if what you're eating is really even food.
Use this link https://www.gofundme.com/2dsgq9g to help me build my home studio please. Thank you
What ever happened to Caroline ?
I'm not sure if i like this song or the little follow up better...... definitely tired of the pic cropping name dropping.. ok going to stfu now.
Anyone noticed he really had one of the spice girls at the end of the video???  No Duh this new generation will never know about the spice girls.
how does this not have 10mil views yet
Nigga is not a one hit wonder .
Huh.. I'm about it lol
They must of been rly ashy while filming this
I swear this man tries so hard to not laugh. His eyes look like they bout to tear up
All his songs are bangerz👐👐👐
His name messes up my mind!!!
HERE BEFORE IT GETS POPULAR
How many of yall read the subtitles in Issa's voice
He's got pretty feet... I am ashamed
1:07 he looks like the weeknd y’all lmao
ISSAAAAAAAAAA! But this video was cool
What’s the song at the end?
I saw him being pregnant with terrorist mammals and surf board on the slopes
Am I the only one that understood the Mel B cameo???
The end of the song title is stfu
Yo the bars at the end🔥
Lmao look at the doggy at the end in the back jajajajs
Here before it goes crazy
Not a 1 hit wonder.
song at the end ?
this bout to blast off watch
I think half the views are mine :T This is so good, so creative.
I like amine bc theres always THAT SMOOTH FLOW THAT JUST MAKES IT WELL
Thank god I thought he was just a one hit wonder
It took me about 3 listens to finally get it, because the sing by spice girls where she says zigga zig ah and he says I need a spice girl Ziggy ziggy ah fuck up my whole world like that's actually some clever shit 😂
So is this an ad or a song?
been waiting on this🙈
I got a Spice Girl! But i can still rock with this lol - Malcolm Smalls
“I want to know”... what is this?
At 3:10 I'm fucking with the beat
I love his eyes
why amine look like Tony Snell when he was on his own foot
Him and Tyler need a vid together
am i the only one that realized Mel B is in video? everyone's talking about his toes lmao
yo he sounds like young lil wayne
this song is catchy as fuck
And to songs about a slang for women first Caroline now this
Amine the type of nigga to make the blunt smoke him.
The fuck is that thing laying on his LAP!?!?
I'm here for Issa Rae......yessss!
this guys creeps me out... I think it's the eyes
like 2 days ago it only had 166k views now its at 3.4 million PROPS AMINE!!!!
Lyrics\nAh, yeah-yeah\nAh, woah\nAh, woah\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a\n\nSpice Girl, freaky lil mama\nSaid she on a diet so she only eat bananas\nAlways in your prime, other women don't align\nAnd when I'm off work then you know it's bed time\nSo let's go (hey), let's hit the I-5\nGet away from B.S., don't waste no down time (hey)\nI don't ever like 'em boujee, that's the type that wanna sue me\nAnd when we get together, hit it like fever forever\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a\n\nBritish girl (hey), got a show in London\nWon't you come around? Put you on the list, it's nothin'\nSay you gotta work 'cause you're studyin' for Masters\nYeah, these women fine but only on the camera (ooh)\nThey deceivin', super thievin'\nThey fitness come and go like when they weave in\nI never listen to the schemin' type\nI want the Sporty, Scary, Ginger spice\n\nI wanna know, is this real or fake?\nDo I have a chance or am I pavin' ways?\nI'm tryna find a reason not to say your name\nLike you, there's no look-a-like\n\nI need a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a Spice Girl\nZig-a-zig-ah, fuck up my whole world\nPause when she talk, nothin' like oh girl\nScary and Sporty, tell her what I want\nWhat I really, really want is a\n\nMy girl's a Spice Girl\nHer world is my world\nAnd most of all she's fine to me\nAnd aligned with the infatuation I feel\nI need a Spice Girl
https://youtu.be/goanpBNLylU
tf is this garbage
Here
kinda looks like playboi cardi
Overrated rapper
*GOOD FOR YOU*
Amine is over underrated
Nice.... hot spicy
SOOO FREAKIN' CREATIIIIVEEEE 😍 YASSS ADAM 🍌💕
Dang amino acid go hard
keep it up fooly
MEL B was awesome
Ouuuii hit numba 2
his eyebrows give me life
Wtf
He looks high af
Eyes = deadass
:)
Issa bop
0:01 Same bro
amine videos always making you feel uncomfortable
wassup with him an bananas
Bdiu a kikil
Lowkey thought this was drake.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ2qz6uaduQfAayQaxajseg?view_as=subscriber check me out
caroline who?
Im sorry I only eat bananas
Oooo he so fine
OMG MEL B!! Loved it
STFU
Nice ass!
This is cute.
He crazy
He’s cute
Its about time
Lit
MY FAVORITE SONG!!!
Dope
Is that Issa?!
0:55 xxxtentacion part 3
NOOOOOO! I am woken and confused, Jesus!
One, hit, wonder but dis is real af
You know its a lame ass video if they got credits lol. All you putting time and wanting credit on the video when it was complete trash xD
here before it gets popular and all those highschool kids with bluetooth speakers play it full blast thinking they're cool :)
I can foresee this getting 1,000,000 views by November who agrees like if u agree
This song is the reason why I am still sane
This is so funny!
Pls put this on Spotify or itunes or something its awesome
OMG! I just Stumbled on this video the day it came out and literally spent the entire weekend catching up on Randy’s genius! I’m obsessed and addicted! Watching these all weekend made me realize I haven’t laughed since the inauguration.😂😂❤️🌈
Brilliant!
This song is awesome 👏🏻👍👍
This.Is.AMAZING!
I Love Randy
I can’t believe that he promised the people less taxes but he hasn’t even did anything except make people annoyed at him and getting people KILLED. Not to ignore that he swears too much and too much Twitter 4 U
I look forward to every song you post. You are fantastic!
i thought randy was going to do a sketch in a parking garage or on the phone with eminem
Omfg this is amazing. Also love the Desperate Cheeto. Who’s with me
Definitely the best video ever. My family's firm Puerto Rico too 🖕❤️ thanks randy
He kinda has a Charlie and the chocolate factory
Right on! Look up Tillerson's Song on YouTube, guys.
This is a good week for administration burns. This and Kellywise are required reading this week.
My favorite part of these videos is your glasses!  I love all of your other elements, too, but that's my favorite.
Who gave him A+'s? Him?
My new favorite song like of you agree
Oh my god I love this so much
This was amazing. Thank you for it! Calling out the orange blob on Puerto Rico was necessary, funny, and touching.
Absolutely brilliant. On behalf of my Puerto Rican side of the family, THANK YOU RANDY!!
This is amazing! Life saver for those of us looking for some normality in all this mess
Shared on Facebook, well done and keep them coming.  We are Canadian but we still think they are great.
Oh My GOD, Randy this is your best ever, you have really outdone yourself this time!!!\nxoxox
This video is awesome - can't stop laughing every time I watch it.
RANDY YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhh
Can you post these lyrics up somewhere?
😆😆😆 this is so hilarious! You sir, just got a new subscriber 👍
I can't stop watching this....it is that good!
😂😂😂oml! I got it to 9k❤
Hey, Randy - since you clearly have an in with the White House, can you arrange a meeting between me and Trump?\nI got some things I'd like to get off my chest. :)
I've now come back to watch this three times. So good
Omg... When I had first seen this I blew water all over my laptop busting into laughter! Like my new favorite song. Ahahaha...
IM DYING THIS SONG IS SO GENIUS AND FUNNY
Oh my goodness Randy, I have tears running down my face, that is brilliant! keep doing what you’re doing, you make this administration more bearable.
HILARIOUS..This guy is sooooo talented...great job...and guess what: he is right, with every word he sings
I hope Trump gets to see this. He'll probably try to ban YouTube.
Poor Trump. This must be the first time he ever tried to pronounce a word in a language other than English.  Someone must have tried hard to teach him the pronunciation and get him to pick it up accurately.  But they failed.
All those dislikes I will hunt u down and dislike u
Every thing u said is sooo true
Im so happy right now
The only reason there are dislikes is because people are mad that they didn't write this.
Good day,\n\nHAHAHAHAHA!!!\n\nThank You The tragedies are horrible, but this Yellow Bodied Cowardly LiAR-ito....\n\nThank you for your time.
Randy Rainbow is so pretty.
This guy needs to be a guest on SNL!
Been having a bad week, for about a year now!  ... In and out, in and out, three times - okay well lets not get into your sex life!\nLMAO! This is amazing!
Funny, but even funnier is Hilary's book!  How come everyone knows What Happened except her?
8000 to 142. Yeah, I think you nailed this one too. :D
You're my favorite human.
Who are the 141 people that disliked this? Is it Trump disliking it on numerous devices?
That song describes Donald Trump in every single way
OMFG Randy's voice is amazing. Me and my daughter keep this song on repeat 😂 grabby braggadocios creepo is perfect
From France : you are a genius ! ;) xoxoxo
You may possibly be the Wind Beneath My Wings
I love this song. It's intelligent, hilarious, and spot on. Plus, Randy, you are just adorable and fun to watch!
I died at you're this color. I went to Home Depot, and the sign made me think about this video. I laughed so hard that I farted.
Thank you Randy!  Just love and appreciate you so much!
I solemnly dedicate my golf trophy to the victims of Hurricane Donald.\n\nRandy Rainbow, you're a light in the darkness. And a genius. And I love you.
thank you. MY NEW FAVORITE SONG! awesome
A guy from Puerto Rico Hit like on this video! Good!
I heard Justin Bieber did a parody of this song
I'm a fan for sure!  You freekin killed it.  Thanks from all of us Puerto Ricans!!!
Hilarious as usual. Thank you Randy, just what the doctor ordered 😂
We got very high marks! we got A+ pluses Good Boy ahaha\nthe feeling you get when you get A+ on your math test or any other subject :D
I love all your songs but I can't stop singing this one 😉😘😍❤
Your vocal range, is amazing...always in awe
I can’t stop watching this. I’ve listen to it about10 times now and I still want to listen to it again. Randy you’re addictive.
best song ever!!!!
Desperate cheeto,why he tryna pretend hes helping puterico
Absolute genius Randy Rainbow xxx
Brilliant!
Yes, bleep-o.
I FREAKING LOVE THIS OH MY GAWD !
Good Boy!!!
DESPERATE CHEETO IS AWESOME
I hate trump
Wonderful, Randy!
You go randy
Awesome!
And hilarious!
This is Fucking hilarious
THIS IS GENIUS 😂😂😂😂😂
u have musical.ly
So good. LOL...
genial, buenísimo!
Justin Bieber lol
Down with donald duck trump
My blood still boils and my BP rises at the disregard for human lives by this terrible horrible despicable man somehow elected as president. The nerve of a person with limited language skills and who can only speak one language at 4th grade level to mock those of us with accents and the loving way we pronounce our country's name is 'insoportable'.  Randy's parodies help me put things in perspective and bring my anger to a manageable level and my BP lower. He makes me laugh and I feel better all day.
This why Trump will get 8 years. Thank you
I could listen to you all day Randy.
Another great one.  I don't know where you get all the continual creative energy from to do these.  If I had to watch as many videos of him as you do I would surely be heaving over the toilet most of the day. Thanks for getting through this sickness for us.
Ah, Randy Rainbow, what was my life before I found you?  Personally, I blame my sister because she's been a fan for ages and never bothered to mention it lol <3
bless whoever carved dat pumpkin at 3:38
YOU  SUCK...LMAO
Still better then hillary
A bit racist isn't it?  The next time there's a black president, will it be okay to poke fun at his skin?
Whats funnier the song or this faggot liberal. Too bad a total flame ass made this , funny parody but this is last guy/girl to make fun of anyone
Making fun of the President isn't going to get you anywhere especially your career.  Have some pride in yourself or maybe you have a little too much of the WRONG pride.
my nigga 6lack looking faded as fuck. mad cover
Dayyyuummm
Neo Soul is supposed to be sultry and understated, enthusiasm doesn't necessarily have to be conveyed through being loud or charismatic. Fantastic musical sensibility.
Bunch of Haterz in the comments. I can imagine those people to be analyzing every word he singing. It's good music for the Soul and Spirit. Don't matter if you don't like it because other people will.
This is 6lack putting his touch on the song, reason why it's a cover!!! I say flamessss!!!!!!
Greatness will always be critiqued by those less qualified. Bless 6lack
Not the biggest fan of dude's music, but I really don't enjoy just watching you guy shit on this cover. It was obviously from a place of appreciation and respect for Badu. This genre is similar but not totally his. And dude did his thing on it. Stop the hate spread love.
This cover is pretty good!!!! Wtf are y'all smoking. 😂😂😂
6LACK got soul!
Aye im not gonna lie to all y'all haters, in my opinion i think this shit is fire
Great voice. Soulful af
I already know I'm gonna like this
Straight Fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I already New it was going to be fire had to like it before he even started
6lack is my guy; great music, but this wasn't wow at all. more like an 'oh, aiight, that was cool, I guess' lol
I heard dis song all my life... But he made me LISTEN. Badu was kicxin some REAL SHIT bac in da day...
I liked it, don't understand the hate, he should've been more vocally flexible he needed more range
Unenthusiastic has a face
Its a cover smh. Its supposed to be a lil differant.
So In Love with his voice! 😍
I love this!! So soulful ❤ 6lack you did so dam good.
Not my style of music, but solid cover. 6lack has a strong set of pipes on him.
IM FUCKING SHOOK OMFG
A guy with a Sade fucking Adu t shirt singing a Erykah MF Badu.... I just can't ♥
This is literally so so good, vibing.
why do i feel late
They should do a collaboration 🔥
Damn beautiful low tone
My day has been blessed :)
Can you just cover all her songs....thanks
1000 level up from badu, sick !
🔥
i know it's probably because Ben and Liam get a lot on unsolicited hate in the comments but I miss the little intros at the start of these videos it was always cool to see a bit of what the artist is like
Cant wait for the show in Atl!!! Zone 6 baby
hoolyTv
😍🎧🎤 #6lack #vibes
The way I love this guy’s voice
Not my style of music but i love it
6lack lookin like Hall & Oates in the She's Gone video
Beautiful. \nGave me goosebumps when this was on the radio this morning!
Amazing 👏🏽👏🏽
Fam killed it
i can'tttttt<3
Loved it ❤️❤️
I honestly love this
Huge! So well done xx
🔥🔥🔥
🔥
1:29 my favorite part 😍
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Loved it.
Badass cover!!
Oh shit ❤
yup, ill take it
*Girls frом уour citу want to meеt уou*

HETDClwTAuA,\n► http://mibik.ru/sex?x=HETDClwTAuA 😎
6lack did justice baby, yasssssss. fuck it up 6LACK
Best Like a Version in awhile
Lethargic
*yawn*
Definitely respect the nod to Badu. But this wasn't a good cover of On & On to me. No disrespect to 6lack though.
Six-lack never fails to amaze me
It sounds okay I guess, maybe because he looks so uninterested in everything it kinda puts me off, haha. There is a girl on Youtube who does a cover that's really nice, her name is Mudi
Shit sucks
Not bad at all
Best thing since they found heroine
6lack makes really good music, however, this cover should not have happened...like, at all.
Yawn....
Bring john butler on again
There's nothing remarkable about this.
This cover is trash lol this is disrespect lol
how did he fit that rat on his head under that small ass beanie
who is this sixlack?
Terrible voice
Crap
Erykah wanted to call him after hearing THIS ? Sounds lifeless to me. No feeling. #DontBelieveTheHype
I literally cried. ❤️
This song is soooooo dang awesome
Anyones else eyes hurting after watching this?
💚❤💛 👍👍👍
it touches me completely... <3
Lindos Kane Brown & Katelyn Jae ❤️😍
Amazing ❤️
😍😍😍😍
Goals ❤❤
She's pretty..looks Latina..
😍😍 AMAZING
Great song
OMG so cute!!! 💕
Yasss reppin the intersection!!
Love. Love. Love.
*Video İndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?9l0gs6cgMhK8sus77NC15ekvmbl7vnxV=ZdI6fOvnBT7Zof6fIY0MjYbkj97
so powerful !!!!
So peaceful💙
https://youtu.be/TEMjMTP7dX8
Lovely song 💕 on replay 25-8
i love it
Wow
Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/on-t-v-single/id1296299158
好看
Love it
This is great \nhttps://youtu.be/D12EyCAnEiE
niet comrade it is ours
love this song.
perfection
Http://streetbangaz.org
I agree
sweetest thing I've ever seen/heard. wow
I love u sage i wont hurt u i promise hunny 😘😘😘😍😍😍😍
Beautiful
it gets better and better :) next one to cover
It's cool to see the Intersection hoodie he's wearing. That venue is only about 15 minutes away from me here in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
this is beautiful an has so much meaning to it
I just love this video!!! 😍😍😍
If only everyone could find a love that feels that good!❤️❤️❤️❤️
awe omg i ship them more than anyone else and she is so pretty love u &kane <3
His voice is amazing. I LOVE this song.
this song makes me miss my ex
Thank you for such a beautiful song you handsome man!!!  I sing this song to my boyfriend all day now!! hahaha Love you Kane
Those 333 ppl that disliked this video suck dick cause they dont know what good music is
This mine and. Andrew song
Ive been married almost 5 years and this song is absolutely breathtaking we have had our ups and our downs but till death do us part is pure and sacred and my hubby is my best friend
This reminds me of the girl that i loved alot i miss her so much
Their so cute and this is such an awesome video you made kane congrats of how far you have made it since me and my mom last saw you in the back of your pickup truck with a guitar you have made it so far in life allready
You're doing so good man! Thanks for bringing country back for me :-)
I wash it 4or 5 times all time if your a men wash this songs
This is a big hit, Kane! I love how you showed love and happiness between y'all. I wish you both the best with your marriage.
what a beautiful song
This is beautiful I am in tears at the moment this will be such a perfect wedding song 😍😍😍
I love this so sweet!!! But I'm jealous of her I wish that was me right there!!!!!      I ❤ you kane
He is very sexy 💜💕💜 keep up the good work!!!
Wasn't really lookin' when you caught my eyes\nJust another town, just another night\nDidn't say much, I was scared for my life\nI didn't catch your number, I didn't know your name\nTried to move on, I couldn't help but think of you\nAnd I knew, that you'd change everything\n\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye, yeah you saved me\nYou've got all of me and I don't need it anymore\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\n\nNow there's makeup on my counter, your shoes on my floor\nTakin' my side of the bed and more\nBut its fine, I don't mind\nCuz you changed everything\n\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye, yeah you saved me\nYou've got all of me and I don't need it anymore\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\nYeah...\n\nTake this ring\nForever now\nTil death do us part\nTake this vow\n\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye, yeah you saved me\nYou've got all of me and I don't need it anymore\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\nYeah
:) I love you babe. :)
thanks Kane brown I use alot of songs to explain how I feel and this one means alot to me and my other half.this song I'm grabbing her hand to dance at our wedding one day. this song and heaven is me and her to a t
Check out my music covers! 👍. SUBSCRIBE for upcoming covers!! 😜😝
Showcase Offer: get an iPhone free of charge. Claim & Have 100 % free apple iphone 7. To register and get a FREE iphone go to the google search and type: *givefonesaway*
gets me in my feels every time lol !
I'm lost for words❤❤❤❤
There such a cute couple but I'm jealous
i thought it's a mid-00s RnB song
❤ Kane! This song is 🔥
I love everything he sings my #1 favorite...
I fuck with his music hard 🔥
I love this song to death
xD xD xD I love how this is supposed to be old fashioned, but in the first few minutes we see a rather modern phone. #plotholes
Love this song 😍😍i want this 😭
Kane brown I love you my name is landon
I love this so much!!!😍😭💕👏
This is such a beautiful song and video. You can just see the happiness on their faces , love it
🎶What's Mine Is Yours 🎶.\n\nLovely song \nKane Brown is so talented 😊.
Another brilliant song never seems to dissapoint
Well I love it.  Kane Brown is a new person to me.  Love his style and his music.  Hope he goes far and stays popular for years to come.  This song is just wonderful.
Nigga is overrated
Yous a pussy an a trick
SO GAY! lol jk congrats!
50... *TRENDING* WOOAHHHH now gonna watch bill bye feminist guy
Listen to this at 1.25 speed. You'll thank me later :)
Amazing I want to make a video like this with someone !!!
Why am i here
Is it wrong that as soon as I saw VEVO in the thumbnail I thought it was another diss track?
This little faggot needs to be raped
i thought it will be communism song by the title
So is so stupid and boring from a kid
i hate fukin country its like IM A COWBOY
it’s good but too much like eminem
I was hoping this would be that one song from All Dogs Go To Heaven...
What kinda gay ass shit is this kane, common bro.
THE ONLY KANE I WANNA HEAR IS BIG DADDY KANE MOTHAFUCKA!
Who shoots on VHS anymore?
That smile. That blink of your eyes that made me change my ways. You freed this man from all his rusted chains and changed everything I ever knew. You blew away all the walls I  could ever place before your feet. You took this heart I buried 6ft deep from all to see and made it believe it's fine to be alive and thrive in the light of the day that you gave me. You saved me, and for that what's mine is yours...
I love your new song and I hadn't fiancee liten to it we both noticed your love story and ours have a lot of simularity if you Dont mind I'd love to play it at our wedding . and thank you I love your music ...😄
Made me cry😭 Not sure if I'm crying coz they super cute and so happy or coz I'm a bit jealous.\nIf anyone tries to break them up they'll have to deal with me❤❤ they so cute man.
White woman love a half nigger. Disgrace to your own race
The chorus tune is copied from If I die Young by the band perry and also Eminem
Ah! These spaces are so lovely! And yesss so cosy! All the plans as well eeeek, love love love x
Can I move in? or better yet can you come decorate my house for me?!?😂😂😂.....Thanks fam. I rent too and I find changing the surroundings as opposed to structural changes is all that makes sense when you don’t own the house...Although I do feel you with the fire place as our plan once we buy is to have a big wood burner for sure( with emerald green tiling preferably). I love making each space our own and adding textures etc.  Amazing style and attention to detail as usual Sam ❤️❤️❤️
I never comment but I've been following you for ages! Congratulations on your new home, your style and interior are amazing! Great shooting and editing for this video, thumbs up for the format!!!
Where is riley??
Congrats Sam, both spaces are beautiful AND COZY 😜
you have amazing taste, and i love the format of this video!!!
Love love ❤️  Is that the ikea swivel chair?
Such a beautiful home. I love the decor
Wtf... feels like just yesterday I found your yt; a beautiful, bubbly, shy girl beauty guru. Now your this chic and inspiring #mumgoals. Love this vid Sam, hope you're having a blessed day Luv!
Our styles are incredibly different, but I have to admit that I really enjoyed both rooms. I've only been watching you for a month, but that office really seems like a great representation of you. The living room is more my speed and it does indeed look cozy and comfortable. If you don't mind me saying this, but your toddler and your husband are just beautiful. Very gorgeous family.
Such a beautiful and peaceful home <3
your home vid is beautiful. Also you hair is so pretty and curly.  Your curly style is back! :)
I love this format!
you seem very passionate about decorating... made it enjoyable to watch! lovely space!
I was under about that blue sofa at first but it really came together and now I love it in that space! Defiantly gives me some inspiration!
I really enjoy decorating and find it very therapeutic as well. Where do you find most of your inspiration? Do you have any recommendations for interior design books?
I love ur home I want it lol
Loved the rooms!! What a great style you have. Also loved the sit down chatty bit... more please?!
I love the office decor so much!
oh my god i love every part of this
love your top and jean combo, esp the top
One word comes to my mind : goals
Amazing idea, loved the video!!
Simply beautiful and cozy !  Thanks for sharing your home with us.
Absolutely loved it! Such an inspirational video
Also the sofa for me is a winner :-)
Beautifully filmed. Thank you for sharing with us xx
The video was so beautifully shot
Such a pretty home.
You look so beautiful!! Loved this style of video. Please do more. (:
Hey Samantha where did u get your cup 'the one with ur tea/ coffee in the video?
Because of you, Sammi....I will be shopping for plants next week!! LOL.
Omg I love your style goals I one day dream of having a beautiful home like yours 😍🏡
what happened to Riley...the other dog?
good god you look GORGEOUS in the intro! also your interior style is to die for!
Such a great video! Your home is gorgeous and i really like the format as well.
So fun! Your home is beautiful, can't wait for more videos about it :)
Haven't watched for awhile,  beautiful home.  What happened to her Frenchie?
I love love love your home decor design, the sofa is beautiful and all the plants and prints 😍😍😍
love the space. And OMG your hair look's amazing!
What collar is frank wearing? Love it. Is it ruffwear?
Love this ! Keep continuing what you do I love chit chat
i wanna be as cozy as frank
This video made me smile, what a beautiful home you have Samantha! So cozy, fresh, and warm
As someone who's been watching you since '08, I am super proud of you and your accomplishments! Also, I know you are human and don't want to attract negativity and drama, but girl. You gotta be unapologetically yourself! Say what you wanna say. You're going attract haters no matter what you do/say. Let em talk (type really), cuz at the end of the day, you're still making your money, you're still a great youtuber (and a veteran youtuber on top of that), and you're still a bomb ass mom! Don't let them control your actions, especially online. Changing what you say and limiting your voice is exactly what the haters want.
Loved, loved, loved this format. Your spaces are beautiful and you can see all the love that's been put into your home.
Love you house and your interior design.. you so lovely
Love this style of video Sammi  xo
this vid is so relaxing and interesting and YOU LOOK STUNNING
Your home is beautiful and yes..very relaxing.
Where's Riley?? Did he pass? :(
I found myself nodding in agreement throughout the whole video lol!! You get me! Love your style in everything but your home is especially beautiful <3
Can you please Vlogg more about your workouts! i need motivation thanks
Can anyone recommend me some good home decor books please? I need this style in my life😻
Sammi Id like to request a video regarding financial management after marriage. How do you manage to budget? Do you combine your income? Or does Jason lets you do the budgeting around the house? You do not have to include figures, more on tips and when there are problems regarding financially how you and Jason handle it @samanthamaria
I love this format Sammi and your space is amazing!! xx
That couch is everything!!
You look so pretty sam! And your house is gorgeous
I would love loads of plants in the living room but they would just die lol. I love this room it looks amazing :) x
I feel like I stepped into a magazine watching this. This is great Sam, I always thought you had an amazing sense of style. Also, I loved the fact that you weren't just walking around with a camera showing us random stuff. I quite like your sit downs
I absolutely love this style of video and love your home xxxx
i like this style of videos. please do the rest of the house like this xx
Sammi I feel like we could be such great friends irl! You have such a sweet personality and I love your style!! 😊😊
Love this format Sam! It's wonderful. It is different than most room tours! This is creative! Love to see more rooms from your home.
I love your space! both rooms that you showed are beautiful! I just moved into my own apartment and will definitely be taking a little bit of inspiration from this video regarding my interior style :)
This is such a beautifully shot video Sammi! I feel like you got the perfect balance between sit- down chatty parts, and shots of the rooms on their own. Can't wait for more! x
The living room looks like a photo you would see in an interior magazine and be like, where is that? I wanna live there it looks so dreamy😊 i also love your filming room and i find this so inspirational
You have amazing interior style Sammi! Loved this ❤️
I always felt asking for a tour is too invasive, so I never ask but I am so excited for this! I noticed in your vlogs, the mantle in the living room and the way you style it with the plants and mirror...simply stunning😍
Random thought but your fringe kind of looks like a bob and I think you'd look really pretty with a curly bob
Hi Sam,Indie and Jason. I've been a viewer of yours since day one and so proud of you! You are amazing and one hell of a badass mum. I appreciate all your honestly and realness.\nIt's very refreshing! \nSo question for you. \nI just moved house as well and have a 4 year old daughter. Im using your decor as inspiration for my new place. Just wondering what wall colour did you use for your office and livingroom. Lots of love from Canada.
Oh my it's absolutely perfect !!
Love the format! And the chilled vibe. Much love!
Such a cuddle couch, I love!
Love the vibe of your place and the video- very chill and cool~ any chance you'll restock your candle in the near future?
I love your home 😍
I love your eclectic style! So sophisticated yet at the same time homey and inviting!
Love the style of both rooms; warm and cosy 😍... u should become an interior designer 😉
I love how well thought out this video was, super different and creative. Always enjoy your videos <3
Your style is so nice! I have a very similar style too
Ugh! Please come and sort out my flat!
I loved the video and the format is just fine.  It felt very personal.  I love your style and I too would love a botanical vibe BUT my cats destroy every plant!!!! : ) xo\n\nNatoya
I love interior design too! The rooms look so calm and clean!!!
omg so inspiring! Love you and your family so much <3 Could you do a video about how to style small spaces? I have a one bedroom apartment and have no room for an actual office but still want to have an office space. Help! <3
Both spaces were to die for! Love your style Sammi, and the way that the video was filmed was great too!💙💜💛
What a refreshing house tour style video! Love the format, can't wait to see more! 😍
Initially when I saw the sofa when it was first delivered (I think in one of the vlogs?), I liked it but thought it didn't go with anything and stood out too much... but now I see it in the fully realised room, it just looks like its been there forever! It goes amazing with all the greens and yellows in the room! Such a stunning living room!
Loved it! I’m decorating my apartment and this helped me so much. x
Beautiful!! I love you desk area xx
Love this style of video! Can’t wait to see the rest of the house ☺️
Anybody know where the large mirror is from behind her?!?! I've been DYING for one exactly like that!!
super cozy! but where is riley? :(
Please get your fringe back I miss it Xxx
Wow!
Amaaazing home, amazing style!!
I love everything 😍​
sooooooo cute! such an awesome space :)
YAASSSSSS EARRINGSSSS!!!!
Ummm OBSESSED SAM! xo
House goaaaalllsss 🔥🔥🔥
0:6 song?
Suck a nigga toes or something.
NIGGAS DEEP
durag boyz
Succaniggadickohsuhthin
Rihanna is baee
Tough tune
LiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiT 🔥🔥🔥
SANDAS OMM!
R.I.P Asap Ferg
Okay
Slob on my knob remake
Soooooooo litty✅
Slob on my knob
Suck a nigga dick tf ferg
Jersey fucking with you Ferg!
shitbangs
36 mafia should be proud
excuse me\nsuck a nigga what?
THE DURAG KING BABY YEAH BABY YEAH!!!!
Wt happin in 3:15 its dat rihanna shows her boobs in street smh 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
#sebikelife
The like dislike ratio tho
Genio!
the fuckin visuals blow u up
What allah fuck allah 🔥🔥🔥
*RIDE WITH THE MOB, ALHAMDULILLAH*
New York!!! https://soundcloud.com/vin-sou-mus/dee-soul-calmado-prod-ivann
slob on my knob
Beat rockin
Feed the village in Liberia, is that fire or not?
Juicy J influence over this  .. the beat and flow
🔥 I'm really digging this edit 🔥
When there is no more room in hell: the trash will walk the earth.
ride with the gang we ride with them thangs out a nigga thoughts outside of his brain🔥🔥🔥
Slob on my nob like corn on the cob
This reminds of nothing because this is dope brand new and one of a kind #newyorkshit
Ferg always goes hard when the time is right
what's the intro song?
This video was amazing
I was in the fucking video oh shit I thought I was gonna get cut out .
I was really hoping for a juicy feature with that intro. What song is that verse from?
Imma need them to make a durag line.
Juicy J is that you thought it was at the beginning
DuRag gang back in it! Love this! Video reminds me of some old Dipset shyt. Rock with it hard! We needa do a track together that would be flamesss\n- Malcolm Smalls
The raf sweater and volt green durag is a dangerous combo
I love single life!!!!!
Anyone hears that messenger sound in the song?
Is the song in the begin. An actully song or not...
Can somebody explain what's going on in the video ????
.......this looks like the Stand for Sum video https://twitter.com/jumpseut/status/837343227367784450
Damn we need the rest of that Juicy J verse.
UGK...maybe?
fuck this shit LIT
You're so haram bro
Slob on my knob (corny ass remix)
lit shit
johnny dang.
Recycled 3 6 Mafia.
slob on my nob
G.O.B.'s (Gangstas On Bikes) lol.
genius nigga bless u ferg! \nrespect ... nyc time
Alhamdulillah
🔥🔥🔥
This is so fireee
the fucken flow remind me of Juicy j slobonmyknob
Juicy J will be proud
1.25x speed thank me later
G-Eazy loved this song.
Sukaniqqadikosumthn hahahahah
slob on on my knob swagger jackers
Lol  three six mafia
b4 a mill
HUMDU-ALLAH!
this sshit needs to hit 1 mil asap
this juicy jay flow is fire
'nicks at night' deserves a thumbs up just on its own
Man these Cozy Tapes V2 videos are going so hard
Ride with the mob 🔥
Cant wait to hear the remix with juicy !!! The beginning had me so hyped and then it cut out lmao
A ski mask feature would've been legendary for this track
Pauly D at 2:53 w the headband
Hello from Ukraine! This is fucking awesome! unequivocally on repeat
2:15 homegirl took one to the dome hahah
WTF by 2:43 she's rockin a Polizei Jacket wich in German means Police
Damn that juicy J remix plug in the beginning was flame too.
Street vibes yet this dude saying hum'du allah & shit like boi you ain't Hindu!! Shit neither am I but fuck dude wtf with that shit . I really want ferg to answer that shit no funny shit.
why is this bitch at 2:43 rockin a police hoodie?!
Gave me the goosebumps in 4th period
Damn this clip so interesting to watch,  I'm so long time tyred of other.
FERG be resurrecting a corpse, with no effort.
Kodak should be on the remix
Great song and video
this is raider klan asfuck he even said suck a nigga dick... they be jacking the phonk till nowadays smh
I like the Juicy 'J Flow daaaamn it's FIRE
Ferg and Rocky out of this world nigga. Damn
Slob on my knob, and do yo job
Check out my piano tutorial to this fire track
This songs make me feel like a dread head nigga, I am not even black!!😂
An actual rapper in 2k17 lul
It took 2 goddamn years... But gosh, I'm so happy for this man ♥
sincerely, i cried watching this video. but then when he started dancing i thought there would be a sick twist where he danced and fell into the pool. \n\nso glad i was so wrong.
I almost cried 😩 This is a good video for the song. The song deserves a Grammy and the video, an Emmy! ☺️I never expected something like this!
Get the depression slapped out of you.
In Chile and other latinoamericana countries, TKM is used as an informal acronym for Te k(q)uiero mucho, which translated means I love you so much\nThat's exactly how I feel about Michael McDonald, Kenny Loggins and Thundercat... and the video of course :)
So disrespectful. He doesn't even open the brochure at the beginning smh 😔😔😔😤
Thundercat is legend for having a followup to one of the most depressing music videos ive ever seen.
damn thundercat mustve found the most soulful sounding white ppl ever. almost cried
1:21-1:42 when the bitumen is struck and separated. Thanks for the art, gentlemen. I loved that.
I swore his arms were gonna grow back.
Liking this guys music.. gotta love bringing those two legends back together again as well!
Anyone knows other artists that do this kind of music? I love the chord progressions, bass, floating retro synth XD... in this song
Nice to see Toro y Moi help the samurai get back in his groove.
Now if he does Lava Lamp, I can die in peace.
It's so..... Smoooooth.
OooOooh Kenny Loggins
Kenny Loggins!!!Yasss!!!
00:29 what kind of synth is that
Kenny, Michael, and Thundercat....on a track. Wat??
I didn't know who Thundercat was, but his powers of smooth music are great enugh reunite Kenny and Michael! Damn I'm a fan! Check out Yaght Rock for the whole story. Funny ASF!
You know you've made it when you sing on a miniature cathode television with freakin' Kenny Loggins and Michael f-ing McDonald! Glad to see them up and running :)
What a song! But a very weird video lol
I heard of him from some Kendrick songs and I'm happy I accidentally stumbled upon this.
Dope
The chorus is so
He will get his arms back in the future.
i follow the truth JIMMY ..
I was at a ramen joint waiting for my bowl when I saw the video on my feed I clicked on it and the first thing I saw was the samurai and I had to really keep myself from screaming so I had to pause the video and wait for me to leave the ramen joint and watch video at home, lol
This song is beautiful I can’t stop listening
This is some GOOOOD ass Music!! DAMN!!
Dude with the glasses look like Toro...
This was actually far more uplifting than I expected it to be
Is this a real family and he is actually missing his arms ?
damn stop abusing my experience with my now disabled mother and squeezing out my tears 😥
this song is so beautiful and magical
Coco would be proud of such smooth music
I really didn't think we'd get a continuation to the armless samurai's story. Strangely glad we did.
I absolutely love this! 😍
So glad to see him all positive and happy :)
I absolutely love seeing black cinema that transcends the trite bullshit that typically comes out of racist Hollywood.
Thundercat is a genius this has me crying tears of joy
3:57 At the end of it alllll...
Never thought I would see a music video sequel to Them Changes.
He slapped the black off of him lol 1:40
I thought this was KRS-One in the thumbnail
I love this song.
0:54 That was the Sonic 1 twinkle.
I been listening to this song alot! Love that he released a video for it
Why does Booker T have no arms?
did tyler the creator shoot his music video for answer there?
thundercat always hits me right in the feels, man 😩😭
1:07 Donald Glover is that you?!?!
Call video. I thought for sure there was going to be a moment when his arms would sprout out after he got the crap out of his head and let his demons free in the sky. I’m not sure if this was supposed to be symbolic of someone shackled by depression or addiction, so I kept seeing the metaphor of the crap released from his head and the black birds flying away. Way to play the whole cheesy Loggins McDonald cheesy angle in the sky. Thunder is very cool. And is on my #selfiebucketlist
That vodka water bottle protip 👌
Wtf this is a phenomenal featuring
So, in the last instalment, he's gonna get mechanoid arms, right? Then Evil Red Lobster Samurai's in the shit... 🤣
if he falls in that pool he's fucked
Fuck yes I waiting for a video for this song, THANK YOU! Lol
Michael McDonald & Kenny Loggins are so legendary, so nice with Thundercat.
I'm not crying, you're crying.
Loll this video already iconic. Thundercat always has the best videos
The samurai is back and mentally better. Now this makes me wanna go watch them changes. Hope there is a part three for this story.
how far does this samurai story arc reach to?
Walk On By should be about the other samurai
Im sorry but I cried. Healing the wounds of this brother the metaphors are overwelming- thanks T. Wellness = Healing.
The world is so depressing at the moment, thanks for giving the samurai an ending he deserved!
Excellent.
Nice
nigger nigger faggot
Such a tune!
Thundercat bringin' that smooth R&B
What is this Shananigans?!
wooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
Thundercat my new fav artist he dont disappoint
Sounds good.....really good
Thundercats can honestly collab with anyone.
Happiness!
my god...that emerald get chimesssss, blesssss
Amazing amazing AMAZING!!!
Legendary Feat.
😱🗣🐣
Pretty dope
Friendzone is next right Thundercat? Right?? Stephen???
Damn...Imma in tears...this...is...so....beautiful
alto video
Great visuals
THUNDERCAT!
good emotions
My HART!!
I FUCKIN LOVE IT
This my shit
about time.
touching
Favourite tune on Drunk, easy peasy
BRAVO SAMURAI!!!!
fuckin' hell, I teared up lol
what a heartwarming video.
Tkm or tkc? Tkm probably for thundercat Kenny Michael but still continuity error spotted
I kind of wish the internet didnt have to spoil the surprise of kenny loggins and michael mcdonald being on a thindercat album. I just imagine watching this video or listening to this song for the first time, w/o the prior knowledge, and  it would have been hilarious.
thundercat is so sexy. I would suck his dick in a heartbeat
Follow me on Insta for behind the scenes: www.instagram.com/thefoodranger\nWe are continuing our street food journey through Sichuan and making our way to the South of China into Yunnan. We found some incredibly delicious street foods you’re going to love in this video! And one of the SPICIEST things I’ve ever eaten!I would love to hear from you in the comments below too! Thanks so much for watching, and I hope you’re doing well and eating well!
Congratz Trevor! Love your FOOD-DOCU. My tastebuds is longing for those delicious foods!
Really nicely shot video food looks great
U have great videos and congrats on 1M subscribers, I m wondering why don't u go other countries to do video on different food,,,,,
Your poop was probably Tai Hao La burning the next day
much love!
saliva flowed out
我大华夏~\(≧▽≦)/~
真不应该晚上看这个，而且是在我减肥的时候
This guy's voice just soothes me
dear brother i want to know about the big give away prize to come to your trip i am from lahore pakistan i hope to win that dear trevor i want that
Trevor if you like spicy food you should go to Hunan! It's supposed to be even spicier than Sichuan food :)
Lol I'm born n raise in Zigong, and now living in Toronto, you are like a half countryman to me now. Lol This video has gone viral in my wechat. Thanks for creating such a mouth watering video to show the world my hometown food.
Thank you for the information you gave in the video and the description box, it is handy for people who want to know the information and follow where you go. All of the menus you tried looks amazing! I'm living in Bangkok, Thailand and I really love street food. I hope one day I have a chance to travel to Sichuan and try their street food too :)
why u put 包子into the chilli sauce? I think the老板娘 just wanted u to put dumplings into the chilli sauce. Unlike Shanghai, in Sichuan，we usually just eat 包子without any sauce. However, if u like it, then eat whatever u want! lov ur videos in Sichuan, they make me homesick and I really want to go back to Chengdu and enjoy those delicious food❤️
It's amazing to see everything so fresh and colorful in even the tiniest of shops. America should take note.
Do you bring your own chopsticks to restaurants?
they put cats (catmeat) in those buns...not that i have a problem with eating cats...but some people who may be squeamish, just a heads up
Are these Sichuan videos old? Trevor's Mandarin seems to be worse than recent vids...
Hello from Trinidad & Tobago Trevor. Keep up the good work
GREAT VIDEO, I WOULD LOVE TO COME OVER AND SPEND A COUPLE OF WEEKS WITH YOU. I'M A CHEF AND LIVED IN KOREA FOR 13 MONTHS AND IT WAS GREAT. I'M WORKING IN A RAMEN NOODLE SHOP AT THE PRESENT, JUST WONDERING HAVE YOU BEEN TO SINGAPORE I HEAR IT IS THE BOMB.
How do you manage to poop? You eat chillies like everyday but I mean how does it not burn all the time? I ate fresh chilies once and it was nasty going to the toilet,felt that I almost had instant hemorrhoids!
Was those last dishes hotter than that one dish that the bowl was IN the table?
why arent you fat? why
大半夜看你吃包子。。。我好饿呀
你的中文似乎很长时间没有进步。
包子是不沾酱的啊
自贡是个很棒的地方，欢迎世界各地朋友来玩。:)
It is supposed to be zì gòng, not zì gōng. The second sound means you gonna cut off your little buddy.
how i wish you visit Yunnan a little bit earlier, it's mushroom season, locals love wild mushrooms. it's a little bit late, but try to find ji zong, niu gan jun, gan ba jun, they are local's top list.
OH ! I miss my hometown ZIgong SO MUCH.
“ OHHHHHHH “
omg...chili overdose...looks very good
gave ti u big fkn dislek
Ting Ting 🙋
Shokugeki no Soma?
very nice sir
chilli 🌶 😻
Actually my hometown is ZiGong lol
So what do you do with all the large plates of food? Do you eat all of it? Seems like a huge waste of good food if you don't!
Jiaaaaoooozi baaooooozi lol
Spicy
msg again! 😅
That blade noodle salad looks so good
Lots of chilies..love it
15:27
nee haaa
Random comment
Watch out your weight buddy
This guy is awkward af omg lol
U got dadbod
hi
This is a great video, I love the spicy. Keep up the good work.
😍😍you make it seem so easy.you eat everything and not hesitant to try out whatevers offered.. Some food you eat i just squint my eyes while watching bcause no matter how yumm it tastes or cooked i will never eat it especially with some of the food you eat like organs ,frogs etc like damm you must have great genes to handle that😂😂😂
Why do they put MSG in everything?
I only look at the people in the background... they are the best
so wonderful, so good, thank you so much
Have you eaten dog meat?
I KNEW YOU'D PICK LOTUS ROOT
what you are doing is so cool
Hi James. You getting fat!😂
Just one question. How do you use Facebook in China? I heard that is \nblocked there. :)
love from india trevis nice work come to india pls
hope u enjoy living and eating in China!Ur video is so amazing!
isnt it disrespecting ordering so much and only eating 5% of it ??\n\nI mean thats not america where customer is the king... lol\n\ndid u miss that part in your chinese studies ? this is like really derp
Just watching this and feels like my @$$ is going to fall out.
Please also start documenting where you stay and how you travel like Mark Wiens does.
Bhai Trevor, enough of China yaar. Why don't you show us that side of Canada (ur home) & US street tours. More than 70% of Ur vids are China.
Hi man, have you ever think about posting your video on to some China video website like Bilibili. I think many Chinese are willing to watch your videos.
Plz be here for Nepal too...we have got numerous delicious food!!! Excited to welcome you in the Land of Buddha and Everest.
Who won the 1 million subscriber giveaway? I gotta know it was me!
The camera work should receive an award for this video. It is outstanding.
Hi,Trever,I just happened to see your vedio on the weibo of Chinadaily,and started following U on youtube.:) Cannot wait to see ur new vedioes:D
Do you ever....finish your food? Seems such a waste
Why following the Pennywise look?
真是恭喜你成為youtou超級網紅！\n一百多萬訂閱，超級不起的數字。\n謝謝你的工作，讓我們瞭解美味的中華美食。\n中國還有很多美食。有八大菜系，還有很多小菜系，每個菜系都很了不起的美味，希望看到你深入每個菜系瞭解，給大家最好的推薦。
We have been watching you for so long, your part of our home. What a cool show.  Keep going to all those cool places so we can visit some day!
Trevor, have you made any videos where you go to a big city, like Shenzhen, and go into a nice restaurant? Not street food but in an upscale sit down restaurant.
my boy trevor getting a little thicc
your video are very short...and seldom too..not unlike before
I'm glad there is still real food somewhere and not the commercial factory produced food in the west concocted in the lab instead of a real kitchens as shown here.
well, I see a certain Trever put on some weights over the last few months ;)
in start of this video, you walking on the street, the sound of your voice is incredible, can you tell me what kind microphone do you use?
Zigong is my hometown, so sweet, love this video.
When Food is too spicy it´s not fun. Eating should be fun and joy.
Just 2 days of net problem in my home, made me miss your videos so much
It's good that you rate how spicy the dishes are, can you do that for the rest of your videos plz?
I think it's not that spicy for me. coz I can't eat without chilli
Ohh man u really did a good job, keep doing....loved ur video, chinese people n u..LOVE from INDIA
You're getting chubby :D I totally understand though, with all that delicious food available to you!
Are u ever planning to go to Korea?
I have never seen so many chillies in one plate 🔥🔥🔥🔥 I don't know how he could have finished that let alone take more than a couple of bites 😣😣😣 I can feel the heat
i love spicy food especially Chili's but this food is going to the extreme did you end up finishing the meal👍👍👍
why don't you try and come to cambodia?
I think ur fav place is china
Amazing! China is a place full of great things to explore with exotic foods to savour. Sichuan just makes it top notch.
Hello! This AiYe Chicken Feet is fake.The original named LiLin Supper(立玲夜宵).As locals of ZiGong I don't think that you've got the most famous food In ZiGong.
ooohhhhhhhh
oh look more sechuan cooking, yawn
...Just for one day to experience,  what you enjoy every day there!
A few flat earthers die of heart ache after each spacex video :)
wow Echostar 105? I worked at the company way back when they launched Echostar VI and VII.
elon is actually a Martian just trying to get back home. :(
THE ONLY THING NASA PUT IN TO SPACE IS YOUR MIND                                                                                            Look on  YOUTUBE Eric Dubay 200 Proofs Earth is Not a Spinning Ball
I dont understand how people think we can colonize mars soon when we only been to the moon a few times and alls we did was collect rocks
Like 2 more Elons and we'll be set.
Great work! Congrats to the whole team at SpaceX.
Steady for a while at max speed at around 8000 kph. With this speed, we can reach Mars in 2.85 years. Not that long...and worth to wait
The technology and equipment are good...
Wow! Kerbal Space Program has great graphics since the last updatr
Every time Tom (the host) comes on and says he is a Firmware engineer all i here is, I am a Former Engineer and my first thought is WHY ARE YOU HOSTING THEN!?
Can I suggest that when you make your rocket to mars that you create a component called The Illudium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator?
Can anyone with asthma answer this survey please. This is for my dissertation and everything will be kept anonymous. THANK YOU \nhttps://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/6S2XZ9D
Why is it on fire prelaunch? What was it doing?
I would like to see G forces too in the telemetry section. Would be a nice thing to visualize acceleration.\n\nThumbs up if you want it too! :D
the real one crashed they switched cams to the other barge with the prop.
Bollywood celebrity Vidya balan attractive  and some hot looks and dress up\nhttps://youtu.be/8_9o0Xs08cc
Why don't you ever show a launch from the camera of a satellite or satellites? So we could see the whole operation   of launching to landing.
SpaceX makes NASA look like the overpaid old timers afraid of change they are.
ArianeSpace and ULA are toast! \nSpaceX ate their lunch with Falcon 9. It's a very successful launch technology and SpaceX is already leaving it behind. \nNow Elon will show up the SLS with BFR! \nI cannot wait to see those things coming out of the sky and landing on a launch pad.
2017 and Space companies are still using potatoes to record :/
Anyone wanna explain the space-blizzard at 41:00?
WoW was this fastest re-entry  ? Fins glowing white and plasma show up..... WoW
what if it flies over north korea and they get the wrong idea
what the hell is that camera doing ? seriously? you send rocket to space and you cant tilt the camera steadily?
Point of order!!!! You are not launching from Cape Canaveral. KSC is technically on Merritt Island. ;-)
İ Choice The Blue Pill   Morpheus  Musk !!
Subtitles seem to be about 11 minutes behind the audio(!)
SpaceX  you need a concert like TOMITA Live at Linz in Austria 2 as you send off  :)
Its weird that Tesla cars actually accelerate faster, if you compare them side by side. The rocket just keeps going. I imagine the time when we will launch stuff to space from huge magnetic cannons, made out of hyperloops that then ignite while already hundreds of meters above ground and going just a little under speed of sound already. Could save alot of liftoff fuel payload.
This is not Russia vs America... This humanity vs extinction  ... We are all brothers and sisters... Indian guy here going I could be a part of space x some day... :D
The Russians are known for their secrecy.
Reusing rockets: what's the big deal - I do it on Kerbal all time, and with a real short turn around time: you say this is not the same thing???? ;) Congrats Elon - and people say: What can one person do? Well how about changing the whole world and much for the better?
Excellent choice of music.
Saw it from my back yard, 168mi south of the Cape. Awesome!
It's really wonderful. When I'm watching when this rocket is returning from space and landing, I feel like I'm watching the next chapter in space exploration. Congratulations to SpaceX. Elon Musk, I do not think you have time to read the comments, but you know how to inspire people.
How I love these starts.. more please! Also: Mars! I hope once the crew is on it's way there are daily videos of how things going - will watch it! Nothing boring in pushing the boundaries of mankind :)
You are the best
I recently flew on a 4 engine 747... can't imagine 20 engine's and how I would possibly survive, LOL!!!
I can understand camera getting screwed on re-entry, but surely the barge camera can have better than potato quality/connection. Still, awesome work. Look forward to much more and oneday seeing 31 raptor engines firing in all their glory.
Its so complicated to do, yet this video makes it look so easy.  Musk is a force of progress.
Elon Musk is the greatest foreigner to come to America since the time of Nikola Tesla. Bravo Mr. Musk.\nWish you lots of luck on your endeavors.\nIf you take advantage of everything America has to offer there's nothing you can't accomplish- Geraldine Ferraro
if they develop this rocket any further they might just go to the moon some day!
i cannot wait for the BFR
It's a bit strange that it cut out on the landing.
@23:40 In space, they play techno.
Watched it live couldn't comment at time shame visuals were lost of rocket landing but seen most of its journey well done
All bow down to Elon Musk our savior. What I would give to work with him....He will save the world.
Best\nName \nFor\nA\nDroneship
I just love SpaceX! What an extraordinary gang! They just do it :D.\nWould have been nice to see some telemetry data from the 2nd stage during its long flight.\nBut a great presentation anyway. I love watching these launches!
Is it just me or did they attach new cameras, way better quality this time around
I love the drone ship names...\nOf Course I Still Love You\nJust Read the Instructions
13:54 Thank me later...
Пойду лучше на петуха из дерьма посмотрю!!!
Such a beautiful takeoff!
Amating work guys!!!!
8/10
Fuck me Alan Musk.
13:58
https://youtu.be/NpQZvzmc7Ms
RESPECT FROM LATVIA
As majestic every time!
Awesome job guys! 👏
Awesome :)
YAAASSSSSS TOM!!!\n\nCUTE ENGINEERS ARE A MUUUUSSSSTTTTTT!!!!
OFCOURSEISTILLLOVEYOU :0)
20:54
7:02 hellooooooooooooooooooo there !  *.*
Super décollage, bravo à vous.
I bore my other half to tears alot of the time when I talk about Elon Musk and the whole Space X operation... Not to mention those phenomenally stunning Tesla vehicles. He is a true visionary willing to risk his own wealth for mankind to step foot and even reside on Mars... Obviously it would mean a stupendous amount of wealth WHEN it succeeds. Would love to sit and have a coffee and chat with Elon. I admire his focus and drive on getting us to the red planet. I'm 99.999% sure Space X will get the first structure on Mars ahead of NASA.
Thanks for a very interesting and informative video. \n\nI am curious.. After the satellite has been released, what do you do with the part of the rocket, carrying the satellite? Do you fly it back into the earth' atmosphere, so it burns up and falls into the ocean or that happens with it? \n\nIf that is the case, how much is left when it hits the water. Are we talking parts of a few centimeters or more?\n\nKeep up the good work. I love what you are doing to the world.
@43:40 can somebody please explain why the speed of second stage is decreasing? Shouldn't it remain constant?
What's the nuclear bomb looking thing in the background at 22:12
@spacex is that the first stage landing at 22:12 on the left side one the screen?
What is on the horizon at 22:12? It looks like a nuke detonation.
others can gripe but SpaceX is showing the way forward efficient to the point of 2 launches in 3 days 2 returns in 3 days multiple satellites launched without drama, they are a trucking company doing what they do best, and by developing their own equipment they control quality, remember the plan for BFR is the equivalent of launching a decent sized 4000 ton ship into orbit and reusing it as well multiple times, we really are at a crossroads
Lots of space junk visible on the left camera as the 1st stage is prepping for return to earth. That's going to be a problem pretty soon I would say.
every day seems they send something up...the elite moving out?
Why did they land on the barge instead of land?  I thought land was preferable now that it has been figured out
Excuse me, I've got a question (and maybe a stupid one, because I don't know what could be the answer). Instead of focusing and spending so much money on reaching Mars, wouldn't be better to focus on asteroid mining technology? I think that once that we will be capabel to gain materials in the space, we will be able to build our rockets directly in space, so that the ammount of fuel needed will be much less becouse we will have no more to escape our gravity.\nHope that someone could clarify me that point.
The most amazing transportation vehicle and its formed like a penis
Why is the drone ship named Of Course I Still Love You?
SpaceX should send a new rocket to space everyday
Part 1 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSesIuHb3KA \nPart 2 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg0jLrccyqc \nPart 3 Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNVGF84cys0 \n The book of Daniel is interesting but I feel many studies on it just misses the mark. Take a look at this 3-part video series on Daniel chapter 9:24~27 and see what you think. I have attended many live presentations and viewed countless online videos on this prophecy and found them somewhat lacking. You may consider this comment as being a bit strong so please forgive me and look carefully at the video material I am presenting (see links). Thanks, Art  Email Contact: mailme@cambigue.com
At SapceX is there career opportunity for non US citizens
***NEED AN ANSWER: *** so when the stage 2 rocket is activated the traveling speed starts to go up quickly as there is few friction in the atmosphere at 300km altitude. At minute 42:02 immediately the speed stops to 35'262 km/h and then starts going back. How this? An object launched at so high speed how can instantly stop?????!!! Shouldn't have a continuos movement as there is no friction!?  Thanks to all for answer
Are there people inside?
So is it time to start buying spaceX stock?
Where does the second stage end up going? Does it just drift endlessly now?
Ok...what happened at 14:55?
What is that at 22:13 on the edge of the Earth?   Is that the sun? Or stage 1?  Sorry if that's a silly question.
Flat ?
weird looking rocket. lot of fancy paintings but still less than half as good as Russian rockets which take off so beautifully, very safe and reliable, unlike this american junk. here's how a rocket should take off: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyzsRjru86s
is there anything in your rockets with batteries? like the most normal AA batteries. it'd be so hilarious...\nlike Energiser, the Most Space Batteries Ever Made (Elon Musk award) and stuff.\noh the agony of my normal side.
I wish they would display m/s instead of km/h
Ah thought they had lost the first stage there for a minute would have been there first failure is a while when it was starting to look like they may have got landing the first stage down pat, they return 69 on them and they will have a better return success rate than the space shuttle, if we cut off the earlier failures which I would because the Falcon 9 is a refined rocket compared to the original Falcon 9, it's not the same machine really.\n\nAlthough having a better track record than the space shuttle is not exactly a compliment, I would like to see the Falcon 9 get to a 100,000 consecutive successful missions without a failure which was the original rating for the space shuttle... which was a bit off. But it probably wont reach that even if it never fails again because BFR should eventually be able to take over for it expect for when you need a launch window which BFR will not be ready for, because I assume that a BFR will be in maintenance for at least 6 months between maybe 5 launches and landings so if you have a fleet of 5 for example that would only give you 50 launches per year so if you need a specific launch window you will probably be shit out of luck, which is why you will still need a few Falcon 9's and Falcon Heavys laying around even if/when BFR has demonstrated it's reliability.\n\nUnless they are going to have a fleet of 37 BFR's to cover every day of the year, and building and maintaining 4-5 BFR's is already ambitious.
elon ! you are gettıng lame  hahahha
CGI is getting so realistic
20:59 Damn is this plasma ?? Good thing the first stage survived reentry
22:10 WOW! you can see the rocket land in the background!
