maybe rick is being distant to morty because if he gets close, and when either he or morty dies or leaves the other suffers greatly which can lead to creating an evil morty due to a sense of betrayal and/or another suicidal rick.
Why are there so many douches psychoanalyzing Rick and Morty? Its a fucking cartoon comedy show.
I think it was A really interesting and important point that in the toxin episode, rick was shown that his feeling for his family is something about himself he sees as toxic. but so was the need to mascorade and hid his feelings, Thus in toxic rick, we see the extreme of both ends of the scale, and the detoxified rick no longer had this conflict.
He does care because his toxic side cared for morty, so when he put toxic rick back into him his care for morty came with it :)
It's called character development
Short answer; yes, it's called character development you nimbwit.
I played pocket mortys and found a picture on the floor at the right bathroom at the morty games. When you interact with it, a ghost rick comes and says that he will find his morty which might suggest that the rick you play as is not the original rick
Rick would be a cool grandpa
Has anyone considered that maybe rick turned himself in because he did care about the family, but because he didn't wan't us the viewer ( because he knows were watching) or his family to know he came up with the plan to destroy the galactic federation after he got caught to cover up his own weakness. \n\nI also think that rick knew that morty would get on the pad instead of noob noob because why all the other traps had stuff that would kill you if you got the answer wrong but and i think rick knew what drunk rick was up to since all through out the episode he seemed to understand the reasoning behind everything drunk rick was doing he only fucked up when he left his portal gun on the vindicators ship
Rick's burping less on this season, that's for sure
I guess I don't need to watch the show now. I just wanted to know if one of the major characters changes or not, not details about the plot. A simple yes or no at the beginning of the video would have been sufficient.
The only thing rick shows passion for is szechuan sauce
i see this channel is on point wit it.....may my thumbs up for this channel soar pass the heavens
I think the purpose of rick and morty is to literally make people who try to find meaning and understanding in it go mad or sound like fools when failing explain it. Designed specifically to no be broken down into your tropes and misconceived ideas on how thing should be.
Yes, it's called character development. Rick is becoming more caring for his family and Morty is becoming more like Rick.
Finding meaning is a choice\n\nSelf delusion. The only meaning you can choose to find is one that isn't real. Or more accurately the concept of meaning itself isn't real.
I think Rick always cares but does not like showing it because it causes him deep emotional pain. Something must have happened to our Rick to make him this way.  Perhaps he realized that no one in his family is special and he can just move to a new reality where his family still exists and everything's the same.  He knows somewhere another Rick has done the same thing making it feel  pointless. He often breaks the fourth wall and is smart enough to know he is in a tv show and none of this is real. This would explain his depression and why he is constantly coming up with catchphrases. He does not want to be cancelled because he knows what happens if the show gets cancelled. His only function is to be our entertainment which is why he is so nihilistic.
You can't trust Rick. He always says he doesn't care, but he told Morty the only reason he saved Morty and Summer was so Beth would take him back, but why would he care about Beth if he doesn't care about her children? He loves Beth, Morty, and Summer. Loathes Jerry, but has a sweet spot for him because Jerry's the father of his grandkids. It's normal to hate inlaws though.
I guess Rick has mood swings. Bipolar disorder maybe? Its just a cartoon, so probably not, but he's a genius, and geniusses usually arent very good at social things.
I'm not crying I'm just allergic to dipshits
Rick may change but Morty will never, Rick doesn't allow him.
This new season is gay a’f half assed
Remember when he got home in that one episode and searched the house for anyone to talk to, but then ended up sitting at the table by himself all sad. And when Morty walked in he was like MORTY! I mean.. hey. That would have been a great moment to highlight in the video.
Rick didn't change, the Pilot was just bad at portraying him.
how do we know he faked the backstory. ehat if all ricked did was change what the math said on the garage. so everything else could technically be true.
FUCK NO he hasn't changed. He's only getting worse. lol
Hehe i fond it so amusing that Rick is a sin wave. Lol.. sin..math...Yep, sums him up pretty good alright. Also youtube wouldnt let me in peace until i saw this video damn
I wonder if the reunion with unity is what really tipped the scales for Rick.
My English teachers always told me to use concrete examples/evidence to back up my claims. I'll find channels all the time that are lazy and could use more clips for examples of their point, and less of the show has A, but bc A, that means B and just playing unrelated scenes in the background. It grinds my gears.\n\nScreen Prism, you got, like, too many examples. How much time do you waste digging through content to exhaust every option that relates to each point you have? This channel is really underrated.
Ever since jerry left rick has started being a better person
The only thing thats permanent is change
rick lost his original morty, that's why he stopped caring......he was confronted with that and starts thinking about it more frequently. Original Morty isn't dead but pissed and takes over the Citadel of Ricks to get revenge?
The family he lives with in the show isn't even 'his' family as he potal jumped there shortly after the native rick died. It's also implied he's done this before so it's not surprising he's got minimal emotional connection
So, rick is a tsundere
I think it's just his character developing more.
Rick isn't changing and never will and the Rick and Morty bubble will pop soon
I don't want to see an emotional Rick...
Yeah he no longer has the lovable half assed doc brown impression voice
5:43 that is true... noob noob was the true hero of the episode. The universe is a cold place... even colder when your own family can't even pick up what you're laying down, and looks up to distant idols, rather than nearby heroes... \n\nSometimes all it takes is someone to bite into someone else's joke when they put it out there on the line, when no one else would... 🤔
Rick used to drool/burp mid speaking, he doesn't do it much now, other ricks do it but not the Rickest Rick
I feel realateable to Rick in the sense that whenever I feel to emotionally close to someone I push them away
They would all want to kill themselves if Rick did not erase their memories. Rick makes them go crazy.\nAlso, when Rick and Morty are forced to abandon living in different dimensions, like the Cronenberg episode or when Morty starts the squirrel reich, their family wouldn't know of the stuff that happened in the episodes before since they get swapped out.... Maybe Rick struggles so much because he's destroyed his own families' minds over and over again and no one else but him understands what it's like to be the smartest being in the universe.
Jesus Christ can someone please figure out the name of that outro song? I know they cited the music they used at the end of the video, but none of them matches up. Please help! @ScreenPrism
The reason why he cares but doesn't care is because he wants to make sure his enemies don't use them against him because they'll sense vulnerability.
Ugh the show is supposed to be crazy and weird, that's what makes it good, this vid is just trying to put reasoning behind everything that happens, just stop..please
i dont want rick to change\ni want him to be that same rick that was on a whole new level and didn't give a shit, he's a unique character and changing him by giving him deeper emotions would ruin the character
There's two Ricks, one with drool and one without. The sober one cares, the drunk one doesn't.
Rick is just an ass
At 8:11 Rick and Morty pull down the pants and underwear except Summer who leaves the underwear.
I like what you got GOOD JOB!
what is the music at 6.40
Take a shot every time theirs an unnecessary edit
Rick always showed equal signs of caring and signs of carelessness.\n\nHe has two parts of his character and is very dynamic, Ricks typically find emotions as a weakness when I think he can and has made it a strength.
Are you kidding me😂 who fuckin cares, there are much bigger secrets to find than emotions
the writing changed
Ahhhhhhh geez Rick
War has changed...
Hahaa wobalaba dub dub dub thats funny right it's funny hahaha so funny no please stop
Rick has always cared about Morty
so... Rick is bipolar?
@58 Skeet from Jimmy Neutron?
wubba lubba dub dub!
This show is fucking overrated
yea well no shit
WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB
Rick is basically choatic neutral.
Yes
I think no
good video
Wabba lubba dub dub!
Niggers
Aww rick
Yes character development exists
And
Has Rick Changed \n\n\n\n\n\n*Obviously*
See it the U.K. in the year 2067.
Average U.K Council worker - this seems to efficient for my liking.
Someone please tell me why this is trending
Hmmmm what happens to the other 4 guys do for work?
cheaper and greener. that's all matter. i hope it can be applied in my country soon.
how is it even more green if theres baree smoke 🖕
groundbreaking technology lmao
First den
wat
That pace from Bale tho😱😁👌🏻
Mayoral ha hecho más cosas en un partido que Benzemalo en toda la temporada.
Flash bale
Por un momento volvió el antiguo Bale
La Liga is so exciting. If Real Madrid doed not win it then Barcelona will, so unpredictable every season.
'El Expreso de Cardiff'
ahi lo tienen al verdadero Gare Bale...\nHala Madrid!!!!!!!!
EL REINO DE LOS CIELOS SE HA ACERCADO, NUESTRO REY Y SEÑOR JESUS CRISTO REGRESA, ARREPIENTANSE DEL PECADO Y CAMBIEN DE DIRECCIÓN SUS VIDAS\nTHE KINGDOM OF HEAVENS IS CLOSER, OUR KING AND LORD JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY OF LIVING...
Bale quando aperta o play não da pra ninguém kk
Increíble Borja y Theo \nHalamadrid
#HalaMadrid 👅 #LaLiga34?
Bale = The flash 😎👏☇
Im convinced that bale is the faster runner in football 100m? 200m? 400? He can run 97.3m in 10 sec effortlessly. If he really try, maybe 100m sprint in 10 secs.
When  bale show us that  he is not Shit.\n\n\n\nI am still waiting for benzema to do it now.
Gareth Bale what an insane run, that is what we expect, pull out your guns effectively and efficiently. #HalaMadrid
Bale out ran his on shadow!
Real Madrid not losing a single game atm, insane
Why are the Sociedad fans behind the goal on the right side too close to the field?
We can c bale on the uplift
Bale still can run! he is not done yet!
Cardiff express back in form
Bale is the Barry Allen of football
The thumbnail looks like Aaron Ramsey 😂
I saw a dream it was real soceidad 3_1 real msdrid
What the pace from bale...wow
Bale is king 👑 bale goal was nice and cool and god give him
Real Madrid ganará la Liga. Hala Madrid 😍
Bale is officially back
Yassirdossri
Que rapidéz Gareth Bale era imposible pararle
Hala Madrid!!!!!!!!              el arbitro :/
youtube.com/watch?v=pCxo9-z4tEU&feature=youtu.be
very nice one!
Gareth Baleeeee 😍😍😍
Por fin bale
Gareth bale 2 fast 2 furious
Bale is formula 1
В прёт
Bale 😂
#shit league #shit teams
bale is lit
HalaMadrid
So fast
Испанци привет всем.
Golazo Bale
Anotó gol bale y no se lesionó
FIFADRID IS A SHIT HAHAHA
Bale is back
Best
Wooow Bale !! Is Fast
Bale goal...
kel bel jeux
Hay qu bele oi
Hala madrid ⚪🔵⚪🔵
Bale turbo
#halamadrid\n#madridelmejor
HALA MADRID!
Eso es #bale
Hala Madrid!
2
LAPURRAK.
He's baaaack!
Volvió el Caimán cr7 puro esperar 🐊🐊🐊
No comentario?
le réal reste toujours le meilleur
Que robo de partido y que albitro mas malo
Y no faltan los que siempre dicen que el Madrid ha robado, es increíble. ¿En serio no podéis admitir nunca que el Madrid ha jugado mejor en vez de decir la robada o chorradas así? Cuánto llorón.
Cuando te dejas caer, finges dolor, das vueltas pero nadie te pela. Minuto 0:48
Esto no es un resumen vaya mierda xd
Buen partido 3 puntos importantes
Q raro el estadio de la real... q hacen unas pocas sillas alla detras y luego nada..
Esos son los vídeos que megustan que subas 👍
Ese es el viejo Bale! Desde atrás le ganó en la carrera y hasta definió finamente sobre el arquero! Ojalá sigas así!
Bale. Es un atleta que sabe que en el fútbol es primordial
1:04 el nuevo suarez\nHoy en cuarto milenio\nContra el Madrid todos se tiran nadie sabe porque
Real hasta la muerte
Grande bale
Hala madrid y nada mas
Hoffentlich macht Bale so weiter also das war schon ein geiles Tor
Qué tal carrera que se mando gareth bale.
#larobada
Bale anoto un gol a lo Paolo Guerrero
No faltará un mandril diciendo Mayoral balon de oro
Бэйл ат сияқты жүгіреді. Базар жоқ
Sergio Ramos ơi, k hiểu em là trung vệ hay em là tiền đạo vậy? Xử lý trong vòng cấm hay quá....Hala Madrid
HALAMADRID⚽💘❤😎
73 y Contando
Si enseñaran todas las faltas del Madrid, el video duraría 80-85 minutos...
Gracias madridistas por dejarnos ser lideres en solitario y sacarnos de encima a la Sociedad..
GUESS WHO'LL BE BACK FOR THE NEXT LA LİGA GAME ON WEDNESDAY?\n\n\n\n\n♥CRİSTİANO RONALDO!!!KİNG OF FOOTBALL!♥ \n\n\nHAHAHAHAH! FUCK YOU GAYCELONA! FUCK YOU GAY MESSİ-PUSSY! FUCK ALL MESSİ-PUSSY FANS! SUCK MY DİCK MESSİ-PUSSY!\n\n\nWE ALWAYS FUCK #REALSOCIEDAD IN ANOETA! HAHHAHAHAHH! :D FUCK YOU ANOETA BİTCHS!
É o Kiko no gol?? Ou o Navas? Mas q frango mais hein 😂😂
Кросс
Falta en la contra del segundo gol?
Exelente partido muy bien jugado y mantengan ese nivel viva Keylor Navas CR7 y !ALA MADRID!!!!!!
Soy del varsa  pero viva navas
Bale god 😍😍
1
jajaja la falta del 2do gol: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJ8-efgXUAYnil2.jpg:large
Pobres madridistas este año darán lastima ....
This edit is perfection! The start was way cooler than anything on YouTube at the moment!!!! Loved it and appreciate the hard work you put in to create content 💕💕
I know this isn't really relevant but you have such a beautiful body Helen!
anybody else waiting for jamie genevieve and helen to collab? cause i'm waiting. i think a grwm together would just be the best thing on earth.
Im not sure which Kat Von D palette you have but there is refillable version, and then when you use one shade you can just buy that one and replace it. :)
i loooove your freckles!!!
Love loveee the way you don't take make-up too seriously, makes it more fun! .. great inspo right there!  ❤️
1.30 in and I'm thinking GURL your skin is looking fabulous without makeup, is there a particular product your using for skin care that's doing that? It's looking real glowy and smooth and lovely, super jealous
Helen I think the Kat Von D palate has refillable pans so you could just get your favourite shade and replace it! I think anyway not 100% sure
I love how similar to your vlogs the intro is, i LIVE for them
your skin is looking incred!! love the style of this video <3
When you were going to put on your mascara and made the, bind them together now comment...I can't even tell you how hard I laughed at it. I was in tears! The voice you made and the face that went along with it. Hahahahahaha. <3
You have such original ideas and original ways of filming! I love your channel so much ❤️
Ooh that glitter looks amazing!
I love the color combo on the eyes
Dude are u ever stoned when filming these videos? Cos that would be awesome....
Loved how you did your intro! And at the end of the video your hair has this dark red kind of colour and I think it could suits you so much! But we'll never be tired of the purple one of course
YOU'RE SUCH A BABE
kat von d have separate pans so you can refil the contour kits!!
It was SO lovely to see a latest on you doing makeup, havent really seen you do a makeup look in a long time. 😊 xxx
Glad it's not just me who looks half dead when they first put on their foundation cause I'm so pale 😆
Speaking of Harry Potter, you're a real life Tonks 😄 love it ☺️❤️
I can tell your more crazy side is out more now!! Yay!
Miss Helen you look amazing 💜💜💜 Loving the heavier eye makeup and your hair looks so shiny and luxe at the end!! Xx
I didn't think it was possible to be jealous of someone's eye socket shape, but every time you just throw eyeshadow on it is already this incredible shape.
This introduction is FRESH!! Feels super happy and professional xx seriously coooool!!
you are off your head girl so funny, why all the foundation slap though like coco the clown when your skin is pretty without it , it's just a waist of money that clown stuff.  you should show your pretty freckles 😉
you need to tell us where you got your tape ins done at! <3
That was the most honest way of putting on eyelashes !!!! I struggle so hard because it's actually quite difficult.  So relatable !!!!! Oxoxooxox
This is one of the most beautiful looks & best edited GRWM videos I've ever seen, the quality of your videos keep going up and up, Helen 🌸✨
I laughed so hard when you said YO im a shadow!!! 😂😂😂 xxx
You are hilarious ! That's why I always look forward to watching your video xx
Love this look. I find it easier to apply lashes when I put mascara on first then the lashes because they have something to stick onto  xx
It still amazes me how you can use both hands to do your makeup
Not sure if this has been said, or this is a really strange thing to say. But your jaw line is just magnificent!! xz
I'm always listening to the harry potter audiobooks while I'm working! It's great background noise when I can't be watching something!
Hey What's up from Ireland Sidney here uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmm i love that look 2day uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmm i love im watching u on my ps4 pro ps4 pro ps4 PlayStation vr rules
I hope everything's OK Helen.
YO! im a shadoww :') you say the best things lol
Such a fun grwm 😀Your super fun and charming. All the best to you ❤️
haha i loved the comment about doing your eyeshadow first - i do it first now too and it's soo much better!! i feel so weird doing foundation first now.
I am loving your re-vamped hair colour. Seriously, every single hair colour you have ever had is amazing. It always makes me want to dye my hair again. (I've had nearly every colour you can think of.) Also, make-up goals. (= xx
Love the intro, you put so much love and effort on your videos. Everytime I see a notification of you it makes my day 😚😄
You are so cute and funny 😍
I love the way you use both of your hands, I'm so jealous!! 😍
Please don't ever change. I love you so much 😂 your just you and that's great! 💖
oooh the struggle! same happens to me when putting on lashes - same eye, same corner. utterly frustrating 😅😅😅
Hahaha. I thought I was the only one who had issues sticking eyelashes on. My reaction is pretty similar
you are so damn beautiful
I loved everything about this
Use a Suede shoe cleaner for the palette! Works like a charm. I use the Vans shoe cleaner (just because that's what I buy to clean all my Vans) but you can use any Suede shoe cleaner you can find 👍
This had me cracking up the whole time! bravo!
omg helens hair is so shiny, it looks like its in great condition
I basically only ever wear makeup when I'm filming haha.....so I wore makeup today! I need to do my eyeshadow more often with eyeliner, I always love how you do yours!
💜💓💜💕💕💜💓💜\nLoved this video! \nYou probably won't see this comment being so busy, but can you do a FLAMINGO inspired makeup look? \nLove you! \n💜💓💜💞💕💜💓💜
I love your hair color 💜❤
You should try getting a toothbrush to scrub off the dirt if it's just a fluffy velvety material :) it should be okay and not damage the packaging !
Where did you get ur new pallette! been trying to get my hands on one but haven't been successful:( pls help! x
Your makeup looks amazing, great video 💗💗
Loved your energy in this! I think a little background music would have been cool too 😊
Savers sell Eyelure for cheaper if you have a store near by, they sell them for 2.99/3.99.
I keep my ABH palette in the cardboard sleeve so it doesn't get mucky ❤️
Loved this video. You are hilarious.
I like that you filmed the beginning like your vlog intos are. Always putting out fab content babes.
This was such a fun video! Love the make up look
The makeup is so cool! I wish I could rock this just like you do! Anyaway, the whole video was really beautiful, you are such an inspiration Helen
Helen, I fucking love you. This edit too! top bloody notch! <3
I have the electric palette and it says on the back that like 3 of the colors aren't meant for use on eyes. Kinda of silly for AN EYESHADOW PALLETTE. I mean, I do it anyway...but whatever.
Am I the only one who thinks you look and act like Helena bonham carter? I love your videos though ❤️ x
Again. Your uniqueness shines through in your videos. I love how you don't take everything so serious! Loving the vlog style at the beginning of your vid too 😉
This look is gorgeous and you are gorgeous 😍😍😍
Your intro inspired me to get my shit together :___D
Love your videos Helen!! What shade do you use in the too faced concealer? Xx ❤️
This vid is the best! 😂
loving your make up. also very much loving the mirror in the background, I'm looking for one just like it . It's amazing how we change the way we put on our make up with all these YouTube beauty bloggers teaching us how to do things right. I'm now 37 and for years i would use my hands and fingers for putting my foundation and eyeshadow on, oh the horror lol.....i mean what was primer.... eyebrows, well they were ignored and hidden under my fringe or should I see my very much very blonde barely there eyebrows lol. When I told my 13year old she had a look of shock n horror on her face as tho I had just licked the toilet bowl lol, have to say the kids more clued up on make up trends than me and when I tell her she doesn't need to use my primer she tells me times have changed now mum....boy I feel ancient lol
For a second I thought I was watching one of your vlogs because of the intro. I actually checked the channel lolz. Love this chatty relaxed get ready vid, your energy is infectious. Reminds me of your old melonlady video's but with better make-up skills ;)
Love the edit
Do you still have your septum pierced? xxxx
Gorgeous!!!
Yess makeuuupp \nLove it ♡
i fucking love you soooo much.
Fit
Looooooved this 🖤
Awesome video!
😍😍😍😍😍
🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
Babe x
I got that lippy! Xx
Loved this video
Bladddy stunnnnnnnerrrrr ❤️
LOVE 💜
Fucks she gorgeous!!!
Love these chatty GRWMs!
♥️👌🏼
Had you had a drink before this video? You seemed a little lit and in a great mood 😂
Helen, you should definitely dye your hair burgundy after this color! The lighting made it look that way towards the end and it was gorge! You could even put darker parts in it, like lowlights.. For the edgy rock chick side of you 😉🤘🏼
your hair at the end looked dark, mahogany like! omg so suited u!!! do it do it do it
This is the first time i've heard that the Electric Palette had issues with the eye. LOL I'm american, I use it and have no issues. LOL The more you know.
I wish my skin was naturally dryer, because as someone with naturally oily skin, when I put ON oils and cream foundations... oh my god. My skin can be clean and fresh to put them on, then an hour later I just look so oily. Even after setting spray, after everything. I have to stick to powder foundation and skip using any oil or moisturizer before makeup to avoid looking like a human toad. I stick to a good skin routine and I do moisturize my face before bed, but I can't wear makeup that has a lot of liquidity to it because I just go glossy. Does anyone else have this problem?? I wish there was a way to switch skin types because I feel if you have dry skin, you can moisturize it. If you have oily skin... Like what do. Sorry for rambling.
Gosh every video is sooooo good Helen! A round of applause to you darling
Have you heard of the eyelashes that have tiny magnets on them? They have a top lash with a little magnet end and a bottom lash with a little magnet end. Then you sandwich your natural eyelashes in the middle of the falsies. I think they are suppose to stack on the outer parts of your eyelashes to make the outer corners more full. \nI haven't tried them but they look interesting. They are suppose to be lightweight so they don't harm your natural lashes. And I'm pretty sure they are reusable.
They just waited for the dragon to rise as one of the dead. He got himself out of the water...dumb asses.
Member the dead army had the wildlings giants. Then dude pulled the chain up.
Eddie is so fucking dumb. Every time I see him I wonder what`s up with Joe and this dingleberry, why hang with stupid people?\nthey can`t do water hurr durr They can`t swim, they can`t board a ship that`s 40 feet above the sea floor. They can however walk on the bottom.
Edgy Brah is a genius, just not everyone is aware of it yet.
so ive learned from this that game of thrones isnt real life and women cannot judge fights accurately
He isn't wrong.\nAnd who was carrying those big ass chains? WTF did they come from? They send a runner to Chains R us.
Moron! Water doesn't hurt them... They just don't have the buoyancy to swim to the surface, it's not like they have breath in their lungs.
Season 1-4 was godly. The rest is shit, totally lost its edge. fuck d&d
so if there are a few female rulers in westeros, you call it feminist shit ??\n\nwe females LIVE in such a world, jackass
Hey Idjets! Remember the Ice King has Giants too! The water would have been about knee deep to them!
Game of Thrones thoughts: We got probably the last major piece of the Jon puzzle before he has to find out for himself. Jon and Dany got their hookup although it feels more ominous than it might have been otherwise given how the season ends and given that the scene was laid over with R+L=J exposition (Jon’s boning his aunt and Dany’s boning someone who can blow up her own claim, haha?). I still choose to believe the Night King deliberately set out to get a dragon, because the alternative — he lucked into it and just happened to get the one thing he needed to breach the Wall through sheer dumb chance — makes my brain hurt. I’m glad Littlefinger’s done. I feel like next season I will be bored with whatever they’re doing with the Iron Islands and Theon/Yara/Euron. On the one hand I wonder how they’ll fill next season given the immediacy of the Others now being over the Wall, but there’s still stuff that they need to resolve: the Cleganes, Jon’s parentage, Cersei and her valonqar, Sam finding out what Dany did to his family, and the stupid ironborn. I do wonder how they’ll balance the non-magical stuff with the magical stuff now that the Wall’s breached. I guess we have a while to think about it and maybe we’ll have the sixth book by then to help us figure it all out.
I thought the same shit as Eddie right when it happened.
Every time you notice something like that a wizard did it
To me cutting weight of more than a few pounds should not be allowed. There should be a couple of weigh ins.
There was whites in the water trying to drag Tormund in, whites can swim
The end of this last season was disappointing.  Everything was happening way too fast when in previous seasons much smaller events were drawn out over many episodes.
Oh bone heads, they're controlled by which ever white walker turned them, they can get it water but cannot swim, the fucks that got controlled to do the chains couldn't get back up cause they can't swim, they were sacrificed. At hardhome the walkers said NOPE don't go in that water bitches cause u can't swim to the surface to get them in a boat so it would be pointless, come on u dumb fucks.
He's not wrong, about the water and the dragon.
GoT was good until season 3. After that it went downhill and it became a SJW shitfest with pathetic writing.
Eddie would be the best Game of Thrones theory maker. He and Preston Jacobs would be on the same page
They sink in water, can't swim. Easy enough to let a few sink to the bottom attach chains to the dragon and then leave them. Why is this so hard for people to get their head around?
That bad dude looks like a fucking meth head. Who is that?
I though Eddie was gonna tell  us if look into it
jon, jamie and bronn also seem to be able to breath under water and swim with armor, and I think that it's clear that the showrunners just want to finish it now. Some have said Martin only have seen some of s6 like the battle of the bastards but other then that he doesn't consult or write for them anymore, some say it's because he is too busy writing, which I can very well believe but if you don't mention a show that is based on your work and instead say how much you enjoy another fantasy show, it's a sign that he's not pleased. Not everyone loves the ASOIAF books but I think everyone would agree that Martin would never write himself into such a corner that he would require to bend space and time and had to create 4 hero shields, two of which Jon used in 1 episode. Game of Thrones was the prime example of how to do an ex machina, where the setup of how the situation was resolved was forshadowed and hinted at so that you can go back and see that it was a natural progression of the story. But episode 6 this season literally reminded me of the same feeling BvS gave me which was alot of great and awsome individual scenes but the story didn't make sense and I couldn't feel as excited as I wanted about the fact that we saw the night king kill a dragon, cause just like in BvS the reasoning was non existent. Tyrion failing as a battle commander? totally understandable, jamie should be able to outsmart him in that area. Tyrion coming up with the most stupid plan however is not fitting to his character. And WTF happened to Dany? If it turns out that her inevitable dementia has kicked earlier then expected, and they reveal it in s8 I will give the writers props but if not then they have made a huge mistake. She's never been good at looking at the long term picture because she is so obessed with only what's right infront of her but come on, when Jon said at the very least your better then Cersei ye no shit, psychopathy isn't really a good quality for a ruler to have. That doesn't change the fact that she argued like a spoiled brat this season, insisting on everyone should continue the pledge of their forefathers. Acknowledging that she had an evil father but that is about as far as her humility goes, she says she wants to be told when she has failed but when Tyrion then actually dares to confront her. -she gets angry for not having a reasonable argument to give him so she instead snaps at him. Even hinting that Tyrion might be looking for a way to get her killed so that he can take over when he is the only one that understand that the change she wants to make will never happen in their life times but that with the right people in the right positions it could be the start of the process of democracy they just don't know what that means yet.
How about the fact that she flew like 1000 miles in a day, somehow holding on to the dragon by nothing but the spikes. And then somehow found their precise GPS location in order to save them.  How could she have possibly known where they were? Every episode is filled with dumb shit like this now. That's why people are getting mad at it.
The last 3 seasons have been utter garbage
Lol bravo is a huge idiot but man he's hilarious
Game of Thrones has sucked since season 5 when they stopped actually following novels.  Those D&D clowns are just mediocre writers.
They can get in water...they just can't swim Eddie lol
Norton's face when he realises that Eddie is right is hilarious.
what is the dragon's taxation plan?
Maybe the ice king just froze the whole lake.
They probably just walked with the chain and fell down without getting up, just for the purpose on hooking on that chain. Easy as that, they wouldnt care cuz they are dead. Westeros is basicly the size of England so it isnt as bad. Eddy bravo needs and education haha
Eddie worried about Game of Thrones army of the Dead talking about its ridiculous. But still believes the earths flat?!?!
Ok well maybe they just used hooks the motherfucker was dead a hook isn't gonna hurt it if you're bringing it back as a white walker so do what you gotta do I'm just trying to rectify this bullshit so I can continue watching lol how does bran the three eyed raven ever take a shit
Valar morgules all men must die! Only wemen left in westros by the end
Where are the iron mines, forges and smiths to build those chains?
The scene with viserion being brought back should have been left out for several reasons. First, we knew it was going to happen. Second, it would have had much more impact seeing him at the end of the season if that was the first time we had seen him undead. Finally, they could have avoided all of that nonsense with the chain.\n\nThe shows quality is a far cry from what it was back in season 3 and 4, though it is still the best thing on tv right now, even if it is only for the set pieces.
im sold. the earth is flat.
Yeah they can't swim but they can go in water and sink come one they pulled some people in the water
They cant swim is why they dont like water, so sinking to the bottom of a lake and tying up a dragon shouldn't be a problem.
Bravo is a fucking idiot !!! He's actually arguing about how real this and that is on got !!! Its a fucking fantasy with dragons and zombies and magic !! u dumbass none of it is real or makes sense its fiction not a documentary
Eddie is easily a top 5 on the guests list
It's a conspiracy about that dragon and how they got it out. Someone should look into it...
It does take months... they just don't show it in the show
They cant swim but they can still sink to the bottom
Someone hire Eddie to tie up the fukn Dragon right now
What about the plot hole where the sand snakes magically teleport on Jamie lanasters boat murder that dornish prince but for some reason don't murder jamie lanaster the family they hate.
Its never stated that water hurts them, I think they cannot swim because since they are not breathing they do not have the oxygen in their bodies for buoyancy, so if they go in water they will just sink.
I´ve never thought that the white walkers cant swim. Just the whights.
The Night King isn't a white. He can go in the water and use crazy magic obviously....
Edgy Brah would merk the Night King in a jiu-jitsu match.
They can get into water, they just cant swim
This season was full of plot holes and some really crazy shit that just didnt make sense. I dont understand why they are rushing to finish the highest rated show hbo has ever had. Still it was entertaining as fuck!
Got isn't also real
I wannt to be one of those dragon spikes!
Joe - you absolutely must watch Jon Snow Gets to Work. Look it up - NOW
Another episode of Eddie Bravo talking absolute shite and Joe not calling him out because Eddie could tie him up like a boa constrictor
also got timeline is not linear and never has been get over it.
Not to mention the reason why there was water in earlier season was because winter hadn't truly come yet, until this season hence the term winter is coming lol
The wights are dead reanimated..cant swim...the White walkers are not.
Also why didn't he start chucking sprees at him when he was on that island
Maybe the white walkers tied up the dragon not the dead people
Drop the chains and drag it in the bottom until it hooks the dragon
Maybe they dropped anchors down from the surface and dragged it up after catching it on the hooks?
Eddie bravo- I'm CRAZY bro!  All I'm saying is that if I don't see it with my own eyes I don't believe it. Go on you tube and watch the video zombies can't swim. It will explain everything. I'm crazy!
then when you find out all the chicks on GOT are trangendered boys
I loved the episode where Dany, Jon and everyone was standing on the beach and in the next scene she's on the other side of the continent with an entire army. Then they cut back to the beach and everyone is still standing there.
You can tell Eddie really loves and cares about the series. They really did take a giant shit on this last season.
Is it me or is Joe Rogan giving Eddie the evil eye?
Early on in the show if I remember they did better on showing how long it took to go to places. But there was only another season left now so they really have to speed up the travels just to get the story going.
I have never watched game of thrones and never will, because its got fucking dragons, and people are getting erections when talking about a red wedding were people get killed. Im not kidding, that red wedding thing makes people bust loads that rips their pants and hits the wall. Its so silly.\n\nIf i want a fantasy movie i just watch lotr or something.
game of thrones sucks\n couldn't even finish the 1st episode
Eddie you're talking about fuckin dragons and riding them???? Dragons not fuckin real. Lol. But Eddie spoilt it for me with dragon dragged out of the water. Maybe earth is flat??? Lol
Khaleesi dropping a deuce(getting diarhhea) was descrbied in vivid detail in one of the books.
We don't know for sure if the White Walkers can't swim, just that the zombies can't swim. I could see one or two White Walkers swimming down there and attaching some chains to a dragon. Then the wights are just on pull duty.
eddie fucking bravo is on the next level
Hodor's gonna come back and bitch-slap stupid Bran.
if you throw a glock into a swimming pool I can go in and get it but if you take off on a speed boat across the ocean I can't get you... pretty obvious
they snagged the dragon with a hook!!!!
They have shown they can't swim but CAN enter water. Wasting thousands to kill 5 guys = not worth it. Wasting a few dozen to rez a dragon = worth it.
They dropped the chains down with anchor style hooks, and dragged it out you could have pulled the chains truller style, so with enough of them it would be easy to drag the dragons out using the chains without entering the water.
sorry i have to do this eddie but you dont know shit about medieval fantasy. THEY SUMMONED it. loook into it.
I understand the show version. Book version is way more thought out but i drive most of the day for work and audible is awsome. I know alot of show watchers cant read or (listen) but it makes more sense
There was already a bunch of Deadites at the bottom of the lake from the battle, right? Case solved.
season 7 was the best season so far.  -- Exemplifies why I can't stand Jim Norton. Him as successful comedian makes as much sense as Donald Trump being president.
Jim Norton is an unfunny, despicable disgusting vile fucking human being. Why is he trying to revamp his image at his age? He portrayed himself as the loser that he is all his life, all of a sudden he becomes an 'MMA' guy and he buys a leather jacket? Ok Jim....stick to fucking lady boys in Thailand and stop this cringe you slack jawed yokel. He is 49 but looks 103, looks like Hans Moleman.
Dragongate
The giants put the chains maybe?
eddie sounds like every 9gager lol
Fished him out
Eddie Bravo is an actual retard. 75 IQ
Magic muthafacka!
I'M CRAAAAZY!
They have giants.
5:36 - 6:12 had me dying
Eddie schools Joe.   Finalllllly.  Joe is Eddie b88ch.
lmao ayyy Eddie is funny af
hahaha eddies the best
Edgy Brah pointin' out plot holes in ALL official narratives
I CAN'T WAIT\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFOR STAR WARS BATTLEFRONT 2
such a big map and only a few maps to play, smh
This is going to be amazing, I still play this game faithfully. I just hope we can customize class looks and weapons.
Big fucking open world map , a just 4 v 4 players in the map , great job Ubisoft.
Everyone who is saying you should of made it battle royale style I agree but don't forget we're talking about Ubisoft a company heavily known for having some of the worst servers in all of gaming. You really think they can support the whole map with 50-150 people, hell no 🤣🤦‍♂️
I love how all the people dropping the negativity will be the ones who play the new 4v4 the most. Haters are your biggest fans! thanks ubisoft
Hope I had ps plus...and now that the enforcer has agog for lmg we will have in the normal game too?
tinha que ter modo battle royle pq o mapa é enorme
I love this game and R6S
Aaaaaand they fucked up GR. Rip. You will be missed.
Awesome! Going to be a cool mode for ghost recon wildlands I can't wait to see what it holds.!
I'm actually happy there are no sniper rifles in this.  Seems like a lot of map for hiding on the edges all the time.  Time to shakes things up n see how everyone plays
Took long enough almost flicked the game
I'm not one that needs PvP but this looks kickass
Can't wait wish they had sniper class because what's what I play on the hardest mode and they never see me coming lmao
Who wants this when de have pubg
when pre download beta come in ps store thailand ps4 ver. dev , community tell me....
I like for this
Would really like to see at least 10vs10 but I'll give it a shot
Make that i can choose costumes like in singleplayer pls.
Boring!!!
More the Crew 2
jizzing my pants
Aaaaarrrgh! Start now!
This looks absolutely terrible
Age really
LOL
HELL YA
why just 4vs4 😢😢
I hope there is a sniper class
ill have to wait to play but i dont see this working like they plan to. whats to stop us from just sniping off the team while throwing down an airstrike. theres only 4 people i dont see matches lasting very long
Should have a battle royale mode
You gotta love that bfh theme music lol.
Can we please customize or Bot please man I hate their  uniform
wHy DoNt UBisOft MAke a BatTle RoYAle gAmE MOde in ThIs GAme tO rEVivE IT?🤷‍♂️
This looks fine, but I really wish you had stuck with a core four class system. Breaking it up into a dozen classes makes none of them feel particularly special. FWIW, I would be much more interested in a coop attack/defend mode than 4v4 PVP.
What a lot of people don't get is that the reason its this and not battle royale like we all wanted is because they'd have to pay for servers for that but with this instead its p2p so the host will be a player in the game and not a ubisoft dedicated server
Is the PVP really confirmed or are they just testing the PVP?
You gave me a reason to play this game again😃
need to have the game or its free beta
This looks like the most dummest and boring thing they can make and I like ghost recon
Make it like pubg and ad like 32vs32 and i might pick it up
This game is dead
I deleted this game from computer after 10 hours and nothing will make me install it.
Hopefully there is a hardcore mode
You’ve got this huge map and are only doing 4v4? Lol this will be dead before it comes out.
This is the cheesiest trailer I've ever seen
Only thing I see is 3rd person advantage
Don't care most players want new stuff for the co-op
Obviously not the PS4 version being shown, as it wasn't plagued by massive amounts of pop in.\n Seriously, this is the most pop in I've seen on any Ubisoft game. I don't expect perfection on a massive open world....but it has A LOT. Much more in comparison to any other open world game from even five years ago.
Yes!! Can't wait\n\n\n\n\n\nBecause I have no PSN account and I can't play it!!!
When will it actually come out after the BETA
So there are 6 classes now ? never played the game, should i get it ?
Can't wait for this I just got the game and really enjoying it
They are cheesing that voice actor
Will we get access to the R4, MDR, BFG 50, PSG1 or any other guns from dlc?
4 v 4 pvp is not a good idea....stop doing this small team bullshit ubisoft ffs
coming out 9/24/2021 \nedit i’m excited tho
Tried it and its shite
Me gustó mucho ese juegos de Goku rico se ve brutal
The writing Hay fuerza Hay mente... doesn't make sense
This game died before the beta even ended 😕
Has Ubisoft confirmed that they will ONLY do a 4 v 4 PvP mode? Or is that just for the Beta???
this game has the potential to be the next socom. Throw in some objectives and open the map more and you've got yourself a competitive game that online gamers haven't seen in years. none of this casual, cs go/overwatch garbage
Make a battle royale mode like everyone else or a TDM mode with a big team scattered in squads, the game has a big map USE IT WELL FOR GOD SAKE!
Creat battle royale in this game
What! No sniper
Idk which class I'm thinking bout going tank or enforcer
I honestly can't believe you made a team in your building dedicate time and effort for a 4v4 pvp on a huge expansive open world map, only to limit it to little zones. \n\nI mean, wow. No wonder your user bases die within a matter of weeks after a game launch. Rainbow Six being the only exceptions miraculously.
Make a battle royal mode !!!
Give us some new aircrafts and some actual tanks 🙄
No Helicopters,Tanks And cars?
Awesome
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS BETA it doesn't work at all and there's only 60-70 players on Xbox at a time it's a waste of time. lol I bought this game and the season pass and this is what I, among many others get? lol scrap the game issue refunds appropriately and try again in 5 years
1:23 it's twitch
this game died before it got out! and still no PvP..... Ubisoft lol what a joke!
I played the closed beta and I will play the open beta.  I played a couple hundred hours of coop and it is a great game.  But I must say that you guys are a little late to the party with this.
Game is dead
Nicee
Basuda
Y'all need an open world pvp where when you spawn in you get put on one of two teams and there like 16 on each team and you can do missions or whatever or you could go attack the other team and maybe even through in like fortress raids pvp
Can't wait to play it it looks awesome
Nice. But I still can't wait for you guys to add the new special forces weapons of choice to the game, the H&K 416 and 417. And to add in the legendary M16 A3 & A4 models. I dont even know how the game was made without these badass weapons in the first place. I'd love to see a update adding those in the game. I'd buy them from the store anyday.
Ubishit
Lol\nBoring!
YES
Si on a acheté Ghost recon wildlands deluxe édition est-ce que on aura ghost war gratuitement?
Cool beta
Listen to the people Ubisoft. This is okay but for months we been begging for something more. Atleast make it 8v8 or 6v6
Lame. You could and should have made it much simpler. Give everyone three armor options, a list of guns to choose and let them see who's best. Now it's about who picked the best class talents. This is another typical, run of the mill shooter for children with ADD and no skill. Long live SOCOM!
Ubi there's a website called r6credits.com giving out free credits please take it down as it could be a scam or the real deal
Wait, is that dude at the end in a red shirt a new operator or someone revealed?
Can they just stop trying to make people buy or still play this game. Ubisoft just needs to admit that they fucked up
All you guys had to do was bring back Future Soldier's PvP, and just fix the hacking problem.
I want to play this so bad I have a 4 person group on ghost we're going to rek people
They're trying to pull of the no mans sky. Putting things in the game that were supposed to be in there in the first place. Putting all this effort in this and I'm sure it'll all be dead within a month. Everyone has already moved on or completed the game already. Ive already got all the achievements in this game and if this has no achievements in this there's 0 reason to go back to this game and play this....0
Cod is to Internet hungry have to have real fast speed or you are always behind , I can't get fast enough Internet so.i hope this is as bad
Have some played the beta? And is the gunplay better more fluid? In the base game it's complete trash :(
Wildlands has its quirks but as an Hour to burn with a buddy COOP game it sure was worth my money. not every title released under the sun needs PVP. Hell, the last thing we need is a PVP saturated market. When this game was released I never expected it to have PVP, At most I expected COOP. the PVP here feels tacked on to please people, that's my biggest complaint at the moment.\n\nit may just my personal opinion, but damn, you want Battle Royale? play PUBG hell, Im sure its gun-play is better than Wildlands.
can I get likes for no reason?
Good win!
Shakespeare is a back stabber. Before this season is over he will be fired
here after the 3 - 2 win! what a shit penalty from vardy hahahahah!
Shakespeare has to go
Listen carefully to Vardy congratulating Slimani, does he say why don't you do that all the time? 😊
guess come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester come Leicester I'm season ticket
Decent game overall; should've been battered first half but second half mainly due to Shinji Okazaki we improved drastically
what a game!!!
yeees 2-0 GO FOXES
legend says slimani's screamer was so brutal , it caused an earthquake in mexico
Wow goal of islam slimani 👏👌👍👀💪
VIVA CHILE CTM!
Iborra was quite disappointing
HI DIY QUEENS 👑❤️ it's finally HERREEEE!! download links for iTunes etc in description in case u need the song on repeat 🙊
SHE SLAYS!!!
This is trash
OMG!!!!! <3
THAT GLITTER THO
SLAAAAYY QUEEEN❤️❤️❤️❤️👑👑👑LYSSSSSM!!!
0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\nThank me later
wtf
*... what¿¿??¿*
❤️
YES MY QUEEN 👑 KWJAKQMKQMAKWMKQANJSNWKQNS
No cussing
Self absorbed brat 😑
👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👢👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡👡
Two words slay queen!!!!!!! 👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑
Umm ok
LaurDIY you should start doing musical.ly...who agrees???
YES QUEEN BEEN WAITING
Better than its everyday bro HA.
Sorry
DIY Quens:\n1. LaurDIY\n2. SarahBeautyCorner\n3. You choose!!
Omg so good ❤️💕
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
Slayyy😍❤
lauren
YASSSS QUEEEN
YASSSSSSSS QUEEN
LAUREN I LOVE YOU DIYS
I love it
I <3 it
U sound like Nikki Minaj
You luck printy
Love it
Slay girl slay
Icon!!
Yasss diy qween
Boooo
OMG 1:10 to 1:13 I CANT
so litttttt
I know she is beautiful and have helful DIY'S but its funny that she don't have boobs
OMG I love the song I worth it 33 time's
LaurDiy this is my new jam
Who sang the male part?
Wow you put a lot of effort in this you are awesome
All I got to say is wow.
This song is way better than Its Everyday Bro. MOre bars than JAke Paul!
You are my idol
they need to make this #25 on trending ;-;
What was the purpose of this video?
she  nailed it. but SaraBeautyCorner is the diyQueen. \n-fr
Fav song I love it
YAAAS  I'M SERIOUS. I WAS MAKING SLIME AND ACCIDENTLY THROW THE GLITTER WHEN SHE SAID GLITTER
Don't like the song but u look pretty ❤️👌
Wow plz do more cause me have no words literly😶
You're the DIY queen yet you haven't made a DIY in two-weeks. 🤔
She did really good
No hate I like this I love Lauren but tf is this
nice video. i salute you with my left hand, don't ask about my right
This is so great
Who else played this song about million times?
LaurDIY KIDS IF YOU ARE A KID THEN UR A DIY PRINCESS THEN THE TEENAGERS TO ADULTS ARE DIY QUEENS!!
And I think she is a little bit too sassy (A LITTLE BIT TOO SASSY)
I don't need a dope ass song to know that Lauren is a diy queen.
First thought when I listen to this song, I remembered Dan and Phil Crafts...
Idk how I feel.about this it sounds horrible but I love some of the lyrics
whats up with these beaty gurus or lifestyle youtubers releasing songs all of the sudden
Chills the more I watch
Am I the only one who thinks she can be a good rapper too? Yes? OK...
i set this as my ringtone
Tf is this ish why are YouTubers think they can sing or rap stick with one thing
My new favorite song this is amazing love it
Who's better? Alex Wassabi or LaurDIY? Or who's better? Karina Garcia or LaurDIY???
u made my day
this sounds a lot like Meredith fosters diss yourself track.....
I have seen this like about ....5 times😃😂
U need to roast already!
This song is amazing I jear it every min lol love you DIY Queen Go DIY BABES
YASSSS THE QUEEN!! IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SOOO LONG!!! I LOVE U
love the song\n#QUEEN  p.s watch Sara Beauty corrner
You’re beautiful and amazing luv it ❤️
Love It.!!!!\n\n\n      B.T.W Your SO Beautiful
Girlll your singing voice is so good😭 I sing like a garbage truck😂
This is the best song ever Laurdiy is the queeeeen she is super duper pretty come on guys lets get this to #1 on trending this song is a queen I have listened to this song a million times
It's all true 😄
You SLAAYYYYEDDD it! Omg I'm dying for those glitter scenes!
i love you\nyou are so cool
Iconic
come down LaurDIY
I expected better
My KWEEEEENNN!!!
Must've been a pain in the ass to make this vid \n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnd wash off because of that GODDAMN GLITTER!!!!!
Well I am a pretty little princess.............. :P
Tbh I didn't like this song this much and she really calling herself more than she is but I give her props for making the song and having the guts to post it online because I know I wouldn't...
No offence to her but she kind of sucks at singing
For all you haters out there! Nobody asked for your hate so keep you mouths shut! I bet you can't do no better! Lauren is amazing and she did great!
That is inspire and I LOVE  the song # goal
I think I murderer the replay button...
Can you make a song about mosse plzz
You lyrics are weak you need a lot more autotune just stick to diys the only your good at why is this crap on iTunes and Spotify
This ruined diys for me
Lmao its rare to see a Migos interview where they ain't adlibbing the whole time
Takeoff- by 86 I'll be with 86 Chicks nigga 🔥🔥🤙
I’ve been listening to Migos since bando, after that everything they put out became 🔥
3:13 Quavo just described himself
Am I high or are they?
How is this channel so underrated
Offset the lit one\nQuavo the chilled one\nTakeoff the lowkey one
By 86, I be wit 86 chicks.
they lame didn’t like to read the subtitles lmao
I never got into DBZ heavy.
Offset ma nigga he ma favorite one but then I fuck wit Quavo too
They sound dumb as fuck
Only trend they started was that dumb dab shit as far as their melody and flow goes , BONE THUGS N HARMONY created that sound not Migos 🙄🙄🙄
Anybody here dat stupid ass cricket in the background?!?!😂😂
whats the name of that clothing brand that take off got on
a thugger and Travis scott album would be dope too
Lmao they always cooked asf during an interview. Quavo sound like he got lockjaw like a mf 😂😂😂.
Offset growing as a man
Stay in school! \nWould be nice if they go finish. \nLead by example.\nI think Offset the only one who finished high school 😳
Takeoff actually spoke in a interview
When Quavo starts talking about an album with Travis and him everyone else looks real sad.
Montreality doin a hell of a job.creative team and design team.good job guys.oh plus the interviews are dope..gems and jewels
The South ruined hip-hop.
They look stupid ! U know what I'm saying ! 😂😂
Anyone else notice this nigga offset change his attitude? Looks like he trying to act more accordingly
How u gon lie u use to work at subway
Takeoff finally talking!? Is the world ending 🤔
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=1643\n\nWant legit cash click the link above
REAL RAP LETS GET BACK TO THAT...Listen to Aint Real - Grymey.mp3 by Lil Grymey #np on #SoundCloud\nhttps://soundcloud.com/user-147033545/aint-real-grymey-mp3
Even though this was short I learnt a lot about the Migos and it helped me appreciate each member individually!
offset see i like it because they was hitting fuckin classic 😂😂
First interview were takeoff says more than 2 words! Proud!
4:45 when Quavo said he gonna knock off his label haahahahahahaha
It comes on funny
Damn I've worked as security a security guard, baker/dishwasher at Red Lobster, Dishwasher at 54th street, Dishwasher at Olive Garden but Im striving to do music full time.
Does anyone know what glasses Takeoff is wearing? They're sexy asf
what? you can tell quavo was inspired by travis w the flow on some songs w culture
Migos>Me>Banana
Low key the best Migos interview
I’m dying this Nigga takeoff said “real-ality”
That cartoon intro is class 👌🏻
Reading is lit, though. Gotta read.
travy and quavo needa stop playing and drop the album already
Offset is the only nigga who aint high asf ry here😂😂
Damn Offset hungry. He is eating his dreads at 2:04 !
At the age of 86 imma have 86 chicks🤣
If you like discovering new artist check my page @ www.soundcloud.com/canarycolors
The heart shaped glasses are the only ones TakeOff rocks now
Do I look like i'm left off Bad & Boujee?
Bitch I'm a dog , Give my treat
Migos interviews all🚮
Joe Buddens really turned these niggas around and made them talk more and give better interviews lmaoooooo
Takeoff kinda sounds different on here or maybe it's just me
I feel so much animosity
Glacierality these niggas wild mane 😂
Doitlooklikeigotleftoffigetthebag?
Bone thugs?
takeoooooooooffffffgggg
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=5348
WHY THE HELL IS TAKEOFF WEARING THEM GIRLIE SHADES?!CMON NOW!! FUC GOIN ON HERE!!BAD ENOUGH THEY WEARIN GIRLIE EVERYTHING ELSE!!
false accsisiusation 💀💀💀
2:09 Take Off: False Ackausation
1:50 offset lookin at takeoff tf u talkin bout nigga
they cocky asf now
💯💯💯
FRIEZA ON MY WRIST\nFRIEZA ON MY NECK\nFRIEZA FRIEZA FRIEZA
mr freeza
The Beginning LMAOO
Culture 2
Who listens to this shit?
Frankenstein lookin ass nigga
?
Brah takeoff a natural comidan these niggahz still retarded tho. Still funny kunts more winz gang
Frankenstein looking ass nigga 😂😂 Quavo
MONTREAL stand up!!!
LIT!🔥🙏🏼
take them glasses dat way lol
Yea I never smoke no dope . DOPE WAY .
 A nigga wasnt reading 
Doitlooklikeiwasleftofbadandbouje
Glaciality, naw I'm sayin? Iceality, Montreality. All types of shit ❄️⌚💸💣
DBZ be that shit tho, offset hipp 💯
Culture way
Quavo sound geeked
how tf u aint watch dbz and u in your mid to late 20s
I wonder if takeoff is going to be left off again?
Is no one going comment on Takeoffs heart sunglasses ?
Damn wish Migos and Chris brown got along again 😎💯.
the 3 stooges...This is how bad music has become folks...look no futher than these clowns
i'm sorry, someone is biting their style? have they ever seen how andre 3000 dress, prince? man gtfoh.\nthey sound like tpain when he said he started auto tune....NIGGA PLEASE, ROGER TROUTMAN started auto tunes. they're out of touch with reality.
I think they don't like being interview....that's what it looks like.
quavo so arrogant
These guys say a whole lot of not much.
takeoff always so awkward in interviews lmao
COOKIE!
Migos are shit
We changed hip hop errrrm no dickhead, you ruined it fuckin autotune faggots
Wtf are these heart shades man😂
Migos stole rich the kidd whole style>> The biting way u aint staRT shit >>>
Wtf did I just watch
You're so lively, I love it!(:
Nailed it!
loved the clothes Kylie wow very good:)
You look like a better looking version of thegabbyshow
omg you look like a sexy french girl with that look goo fot it ily
She looks like a prettier version of Snow White
but like on a real note it looks 10x better than kylie’s
She is reminds me so much as lucy from despicable me in a good way
I love your videos so much
Is it strange that I love yours way more
I'm really curious on how you wash it! But it's really cute 😍
I actually like your version more
AMBER PLEASE ANSWER WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE JEANS GIRL THEY ARE SO CUTE DID YOU THRIFT THEM OR BUY THEM AT A STORE
I JUST LOVE U AND YOUR VIDEOS OMG PLEASE NEVER STOP MAKING THESE!!! xxxx
amber amber amber i just love you your personatly is spetacular
She's so annoying
0:38 I will never be able to hear that music without thinking of Internet Comment Etiquette (Erik's youtube channel). It's so weird to hear it in another type of content, i took me totally by surprise...
You always make the celebrities look like they're wearing a bootleg version😂
Ya not Kylie.
U sound Mean
little speak please
Do Riri!!!!!
You should do more makeup tutorials!!!! You look amazing!
Gonna have to make bedazzled baby carriers bc KYLIE is pregnant
I need those ripped jeans in my life.
Her mannerisms are reminiscent of an animated pixar character. It's particularly prevalent in her vocal inflection and her facial expressions.
dear god this is the most shallow thing I have ever seen in my life.  why was this crap recommended?  Thumbs down.
TBH you wore it better then Kylie.
I love your channel
This shirt actually looks better than Kylie
What is the lipstick that you're wearing?!?!?!?
i love it!!!! you never fail us with the diy projects!!! and you look gorgeous in red lipstick and in the final look with the shirt
Wtf did I just watch. Please continue watching and I'm honestly glad so many people enjoy this, but I don't think I belong here. I think I'm old and confused or something
your stuff ar so much better why dont you sell them !
What is up with that brown stripe on her forehead at 6:13? Lacefront weave?
I don't know why you would want to imitate Kylie! you know it's a dude. right!!!!
Those jeans are so bad
I honestly don't like kylie because she tests on animals
You're ugly stop you look nothing like kyle Jenner
I'm glad you labeled the thumbnail, I had no fricking idea who was who prior to reading the name labels 😂😂😂
AMBER THAT OUTFIT AND MAKEUP IS SOO CUTE
Do  you wear pasties or sticky bras or something all the time..? I never see straps lol
I watch this just wanna see amber talkin. Remind me to Joy insidr out
Hey amber! There is a YouTube channel with a girl transforming thrifted clothes. Her series is called thrifted transformations! You should check her out :) https://youtu.be/WGz3KPJ0VmA\n\nMuch looooooove 💜💜💜
i like your clothes than kylie
OMG I freaking love you more and more each day. Is it just me or do I love love love your natural eyebrows. Don't fill them in anymore I just fell in love with them they are like legit perfection. And also I have an amazing DIY that I know you might like since your always this over the top fashionista and have your PhD in shoes. The DIY is to recreate in your own version the shoes that Rhianna gave JLo as a gift for her music video Ain't Your Mama. I freaking fell in love with those shoes they are denim over the knee high heel boots with a belt around the waist and they are attached to the belt. If you end up doing this DIY I will freaking love you for life because I've been wanting them but they are a wapping 3 or 4 grand. Thank you so much and I love you so much. #MOM
Your is so much better than Kylie's
Not sure why YOUTUBE l YouTube suggested this to me, but damn she's got really pretty eyes
First video I have ever watched of you and I love you already 😘
Id marry her then divorce her just because
I like the one u made better
I love your videos Amber!! Love you more!! Just wondering do you go on your shopping adventures alone?
You are like a human cartoon.
Girl of you don't slay!! \nI love your look
why is she wearing those jeans?
Pause on 4:53 who else loves when she makes that face?
omg amber youre so close to 1000000 subs !!!!! im so proud of you omg i remember when you had a small channel!!! youre doing great
Im sorry but that red lip stick doesnt go good on you
God she talks to much shut the fuck upppppp
She is so pretty but she is annoying
You look so good in red lipstick!!
You looking so beautiful in this vid and I also watch titanic and again in love Leo 😍
I sub love you doll!💕
Amber is doing the pose from IMVU
Honestyly you made it a lot better than kylie wearing it
In love with the look of the day
You need to have your own shop or clothing line for us!!  Haha
Your looks so much better
I like her version of the shirt more than Kylie's
Hey amber I literally love you SO MUCH.i started to watch you when u barely started YouTube and feel in love with ur style.cant wait for u to reach 1 million 💖💖💖
You're diys tend to be better than the originals lol
Yeah
This bitch annoying as fuckkkk
Omgggg this is so badass 👏🏼
U talk really fast 😂😫❤️❤️
she talk.to fast\nannoying
Yours is honestly cuter than balmains 💜
Loveed the videeo😍 what fake lashes are you wearing
do Ariana Grande
Omg she’s so cuteeeeeeee 😭❤️
Your shirt is waaaaaaay better hun!!! 😘😘😘😘😘
Why tf do ppl wanna copy their style smh
so cuteeee
WHAT LASHES IS SHE WEARING !
Ahh hahaha...
Ariana grande? Pleasr
Even tho u cute u talk sooo much 😴😴🙄🙄🙄
omg ya chia seed pudding is so damn good
Omg...can you say OVERACTING?  Annoying squeaky voice....
why is ur pants slipped at ur ass...lil thot youtuber
3:23 bing bada boom 🤔 blinks stans?
You're adorably funny
Kylies shirt looks cheap af.
The red lips 😱😍
thank u queen
KHLOÉ AND KOURTNEY NEXT PLLLLZZZX
Loving your hair lately 💗
WHAT LASHES ARE HERS???
AMBER IS SLAYING THAT RED LIP
SHES SO HOT AND CUTE AND BEAUTIFUL
I seriously had a very difficult time uploading this. I don't like to put anything in my videos that might bring your mood down so please forgive me. I just need to start opening up a little more for you guys so you can understand some of the things that are taking away from the vlogs. Thank you so much for being here either way. I love you so much. See you Tomorrow. :)
Haters gona hate
I live inChicago
Awesome Vid + Sad Vid
Roman, if it makes you feel any better I think that if you don`t have traveling on your channel then it would always be the same. It`s nice to mix things up a bit and have different content. I know it might be difficult to leave your family but you gotta do what you gotta do. :) p.s if you are reading this (I doubt it) I love you so much and you are a huge inspiration to me!
The vlogs are way to.long
Chi town represent
Just smile more roman 😄😄
Just listen to nf
I miss Zeus
Weee loveeee youuuu
i feel you
}{{}
Stop manipulating your audience.
i  love  Chicago   xoxooxoxox
Fuck off
sub to me
Dude I took a pic with you at Gordianos in Chicago that was lit!!!!!!
I watch everything
I am subscribe
Also I'm case you don't hear it often enough, YOU'RE Beautiful too, YOU'RE One of A Kind too, thanks for making us all smile more!!!!!!
i love you so much Roman! you truly inspire me to smile more and persevere through life, it's okay if you need to take days off due to stress, we understand!!
Roman U R supported!
Roman is my hero
It's ok Roman. I haven't notice anything bad until you said this. A lot of youtubers skip days all of the time and make little 5 minute videos, but wow, you post almost every day and make long 17-18, more or less, minute videos and it's crazy! Don't feel bad! Real Roman soldiers and great people will understand. It's not that big of a deal! You are awesome Roman! Thanks
Like you say Roman, it can always be worse.
It's ironic how his motto is Smile More with all the positivity yet he's always the one complaining about something... man up and keep moving forward
Please you tube don't send me this stuff or anything from trending.so family life is trendy now?wtf.
I think I speak for most of your viewers when I say. You are human Roman! We will be here! Take care of yourself bro.
I heard he’s deleting his channel at the end of 2017 roman is this true?
We are here for you Roman
You are such an amazing person and your family is so precious in good times and not so good days we are here for you👍
It is ok we are all here for you we love you and your family
we all love you Roman x
Thank you for your videos your cool dude... Keep them coming
It's okay roman we understand where your coming from
What is wrong with all of you people in the comments!! Holy crap! Give the guy a break! You and your family are so inspiring roman, keep it up and ignore all these freaking immature kids!
Share everything. If this is really a daily vlog for you then share the good and the bad. That is what I do on my vlog. If ppl love you yhey have to love the whole package and having tough days goes with it. So please don't appologize for being who you are. WORK HARD DREAM BIG Roman. Greetings fron the Huber's Ranch in Switzerland
We are all human. Negative things happen to us all. We can't avoid them. Glad you opened up and shared this with us. Full support!
Sending Prayers for you, love you & your family!!! You can get through this, SMILE MORE. 💙💜💚❤️💛
You will be in my prayers! Also, I caught that pee corner Office reference! That makes me like you thaaaat much more! Keep your chin up!
We will always support you
I'm always going to be here on this channel no matter what Roman.
Wow people are super mean! I've been watching you with my kid I thank you for putting good videos online and not crap! Do you take time off and don't worry about people who hate, they just have nothing better to do the judge others online. Don't watch if you don't like it! I thank you for what you do and you and your family are beautiful!
No matter what, you are amazing and your true Roman soldiers are always here to support you.
Do what’s best for you, Roman. Focus on YOUR project and worry about the channel later
Every human has problems Roman... So if you kept trying to hide them, we would think you weren't human.. Just kidding all jokes aside, just do what you love. Put your family and yourself first over life and you will find happiness more!
What's happening to Roman's views?
A slight increase in pressure and you are stressed, tired and whining to us. Do your job. Get dancing monkey!
Hey Roman - all of us are sending you big hugs and sharing our strength with you.  Stay positive and smile
You and your family Change my life everyday im glad you did this vlog your REAL life its awesome you share
Roman if you need to take a break from the vlogs so you won’t be so stressed and so you can sleep then go ahead. I’m not just a fan, I’m a caring fan and I love you. There will not be anything that you post that I don’t watch. You’re amazing!
Oh my god, why are so many people being dicks for no reason, if you don't like his work, don't watch him, it's that simple.
Love your vlogs and do what you have to do. Smile more 😝😜😛
I love you roman and your doing an amazing job keep it up !! 🙌🏽💯
360 video
Your videos are still the same their your vlogs about your life don't let anyone change who you are keep your spirits up everyone's a human
I watch every video to the end
We still love you!! its life and you do what you have to do!  Love you all
It makes me sad to know ppl get upset that you leave you family. You're doing big things and ppl definitely need to remember that. Me and my boys watch your videos almost every school night just before bed. They look up to you and rightfully so. I admire your dedication to your family and respect your Drive. You need to do what you are happy with. If it's your project put whatever the fluff you want in it lol. As for the vlogs we would all miss you if you took a break but if that'll help just know your supporters will be here whenever you'd return. Your doing wonderful things for so many ppl so just remember that. Your human and sometimes you just have to step back and asses things, figure things out. Chat with Brit & the boys about how to make it better and easier on all of you. At the end of the day you'll always have fans that support you and your family is always there. So just take a minute to think about what's the best option right now and go from there. Sending lots of love from our family straight to yours. Xoxo \nCheers
OMG I did not see this vid straight away and I missed my opportunity to see Roman Atwood!! WHYYYY!!! 😢😢🔫🔫
I will never leave you
Everyone has to vent we support you!
Sorry mate I dont understand why and what....
I love you man, I appreciate you so much. I appreciate you being real with us. I will never judge you, keep doing you! Smile more!
You seriously are such a cunt
IM BACK!!! What I miss? ( I left when baby came) OH!!! There's a cat!!!!
❤️❤️
Smile more buddy!
Chicago City!!!! WOAHHHHH!!
take ur time roman
I know you probably won't see this, but on the off chance you did, I just wanted to take a moment and bring your spirit up. Roman you lift us up all the time, now it's our turn to lift you up. You are a strong, motivated, and inspiring individual. You and your family bring so much positivity into other people's lives and we value you for it. Thank you for being a light in a world consumed with darkness. We believe in you and I know that through every situation something good will come out of it. Remember you're beautiful, you're one of a kind, smile more. Thank you for all you do. 😀
Roman: you wanna say somethin?\n\nFlash: (punches suitcase) Woof Woof!
i will never leave roman
Roman, there is nothing wrong with venting. It's good for you, it makes you human and it makes your videos all the more real. Vent away bro, we're here for you.
Don't worry at all! We love your vlogs no matter what! 🙂😁
What do you mean 'WE' need to talk, I don't need to talk to you, u just want views and Money!
I love the Atwood Smith family so much
Realizing in this vlog that country is just as adventurous as Roman lmao . You guys are made for each other
Don't be embarrassed.  You should not be ashamed of anything. you are doing the best you can.   We are here to support at least the true fans are.
Stress? I just went through hurricane Irma. We got hit head on. Day 13 of no power or water because we have a well. We been using gallons of water to bath. We spent the first week after the hurricane looking for gas which was nowhere to be found. We lost 75% of our food that was refrigerated. We had major damage and flooding. I'm out ta work because the place I worked at was damaged bad by the hurricane. There are people who lost their homes, people who lost their lives because of the hurricane. We are trying to rebuild and its hard, stressful and emotional. I'd do anything to be in your shoes rather than dealing with what we are dealing with.  I just keep telling myself that God has this.
Keep your head up Roman. I will always  watch you vlogs forever!!!
This dude makes me hate hats....he's completely shattered that backwards snapback look.
I feel the way u think man
Keep up the work roman theres always sacrifices in life to get to the places we won't
Is this going to be your movie
Roman you have made me laugh and got me through tough time and I'm sure you did with thousands of other people. It's time for you to just relax and don't worry. Smile more
You gotta do what you gotta do Roman. I feel that you balance your every day life with fam and work pretty well. Those of you that don't understand what real life is, well he just basically told you. We have to juggle work, family, and that grey haired word, stress. Keep doing what you do Roman, you give my household the positivity we need on a daily basis. My kids love watching you and your family, do what you do. I have also grown to love watching you guys. Take care and be safe in all you do! 😊
Worry not my friend. We all love you guys. It's good to have a vent vid every now and again, shows that no ones lives are perfect and everyone has their own stresses and challenges. What matters in the end is that you get through it and what you make of it.
I don't understand why everyone is hating on Roman. Give him a break. Alot of stress can really mess with you. Yeah people have bigger problems but it's hard. He doesn't want millions of people mad at him for not uploading like usual. Cut it out. I hope Roman understands that his real fans don't care about how long the vlogs are. I know I don't. Stay strong Roman ❤️❤️
Roman the main reason why your views are dropping is because school has started and we don't have the time that we did in the summer trust me you are doing a great job multitasking with the big project
Right over all the same and it's not going to change anything God made us so we can relate to each other
❤️❤️❤️❤️ your doing great, keep it up Roman
Roman, you are all about positivity in your vlogs!!!\nNo worries. Negative ppl leaving their negative comments are a bunch of wahhh wahhh wahhh!!! Keep it up. You have a beautiful family and you bring Smiles to many!
I don't care Roman, I love you and your family! The true Roman Soldiers will stay with you no matter what! You can tell us anything, we'll listen!
Roman, you're my biggest inspiration and I love you!!!
Probably no one is going to see this but roman you are helping on family with these projects but how many families are you helping with on vlog thousand maybe more I mean what are you actually doing with this project us seeing you Dad without your family and us not seeing tour family so ask yourself why are you doing it for money for views what.
We understand roman love you
Hey everyone go download Tempry from the App Store it's a new social media site 👍 Follow me caraxxbibby
Goo for it I'm there....!!!! 😁 🤣😜
So fake it's funny.
The Muslims are at it again!
How did a burning bucket manage to injure 18 people and spew a fireball through carriages if it couldn't make it past a plastic bucket confused...?
In Russia you attack the terrorists
At least no one died though.. good job it was a bag for life
Turns out someone had just left a Samsung phone in the Lidl bag
The passengers' burnt hair has now been culturally enriched !
amazing how strong those lidl plastic bags for life are,  they truly do mean bag for lf! \ni might make a house and a car out of em they're that strong
We've gone from flying planes into the Pentagon to a bucket full of fairy lights in a Lidl bag. We just don't have the budget the big American blockbusters have.
what a terrible dumb person to do this,  childish behaviour and all those injuries to people, I saw a couple lad with guys jeans split and loads more with shoes missing,  the initial blast must have been fierce , they all deserve 6 months test and up to 7k in compensation claims
Wake up people your government are terrorising YOU. Staged event.
The religion of Stone Age, pedophile worshipping, war mongering, women oppressing filth taking responsibility again
Ya know what? There are a lotta comments on here joking. Some are actually funny, I’ll admit. \nBut there is a time to write funny comments and now is not the time . \nMy friend was near that station. If that bomb HAD have gone off, she could’ve died. People in that carriage WOULD have died.
bucket on fire? godda be a damn bomb made by isis
Why would a woman leave her most important possesion her hand bag
They all have to go back where they came from.
Well; one things for certain. Lidl bucket sales are going to plummet. You'd better warn anyone who doesn't follow the news not to buy one and take it home using the underground otherwise they are liable to get shot by the Anti-terror squad.
FALSE FLAG!   hey London slow down, theses aren't even fooling kids anymore!
Ok so a bomb goes off on the tube, what do you do? You film the flaming leftovers, not knowing how dangerous it still is.
Let me guess, the lidl bag had mental problems, and suffered from islamaphobia, the bag will be given counselling and a £5000 payout, sadik khan will hail the bag as a hero
at 0.8 the women must be a member of mensa .or Steve harking teacher ..
*LATEST NEWS 📰 CELEBRITY GOSSIP 🗣 AND MEDIA HYPE 📺EVERYDAY!*\n\n*LIKE, COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE FOR BRAND NEW TRENDING CONTENT ON MY CHANNEL DAILY! 📢*
I believe Air is water to fish
HaHaHAHAHAHAHhH only in Britain would they be afraid of a bag on a train that was set on fire HAHAHA NewYork has trains with trash cans on fire every day 😂😂
Let's just go and look at it why don't we....
I wonder if Islamic State took responsibilty for this as it was a complete failiure. Knowing them idiots they probably did.
What kind of idiot gets closer to the still flaming bomb, for a better look.
also known as a bucket, on fire.
is it because of the explosion?
, trojan horse you take in teenagers for abroad cloves  them feed them house them and they try to blow up a train full of people
how can 27 people get injured but no damage to the train looks like the bag got burnt with the bomb in
Zero bomb damage on train...
let in a couple hundred thousand more Refugees pretty soon you guys are going to become the Refugees.
oh that bags on fire ?  lets move in closer to get a better look could be a bomb.
I am new so who will subscribe me and give likes on my video I will subscribe him/her return
A gift from the religion of peace
Device~ pile of trash you mean
and i was wondering why the delay
Oh look, it's a bomb!  Let's go take a selfie with it!
It seem like my lidl bag done suicide.\nYou lived a great life...
Burning device mATE THAT'S A BLOODY BOMB!
The British are gas burning lidi bag on tube (turns terror level to critical)
Im really confused guys, please someone explain whats going on
Wow why do people bring the note 7 on the tube ffs
Oh look, something has exploded.... lets stand and watch it for a bit......
Oh no! the note 7 strikes again!
1 minute silence \nAs we stare at a bag
Oh god the note strikes again
That's the bomb apparently...
At which point did Mr 'Crowley' burn all his hair off.......
Guys I'm doing a legit give away on my channel all you need to do is follow me on sc joe_moakes\nSubscribe \nIt is a iPhone 6s and I pad mini 2
I'm going to guess the ethnicity of the bomber?\n\nChinese? No\n\nOkay then.....Canadian? No.\n\nBritish-white. I mean hell that is the majority of people in the country? No.\n\nHow about Irish? They do have history. No, no the man wasn't Irish?\n\n\nJewish, I bet the bomber was Jewish!!! No, no the bomber wasn't Jewish.\n\n\nHe was a Muslim? Jesus I would have never guessed that. That is so out of character.
EVERYTIME JUST DROP THE SAME BOMB ON MECCA !!
Some people in the comments are unbelievably stupid. \n\nIt was a fireball, enough to singe light clothing, hair and burn skin, it was hardly napalm. You need to create a long lasting fire to have any damage to the train interior.
Media: this terrorist attack has links with Isis \nIsis: someone say terrorist attack?... yeah it was is
Bloody Muslims up to no good again
Pray for the 22 injured... 1 like = 1 prayer
I see the bucket was unharmed, and it's surrounding area ...
I guess someone didn't listen to the reviews on the Note 7, smh
Its a lidl bag not a device....
Is that a Galaxy Note 7?
MrShrimpton said it was der Germans.???
The woman who is pointing at the bucket, why is her back splattered with  the milky substance that the bucket supposedly contains and why is she carry a very familiar looking flag with stars, in her hand, was she supposed to be a crisis actor victim and then given another role?
Who is filming this and why .
Divide and conquer.  Conquer then divide some more. Thanks evil govts!
How can a bomb injure 20 people but not even damage the train carriage or even the plastic bag that surrounded it?
Yeah just stand in front and gather around a bomb.
It could be a dildo vibrator that's overheating. That's my surmise.
Such a fake terror event - see Ole Dammegard's work.  This bomb that put so many people in hospital, didn't even throw smut or soot on the adjacent walls, windows or fabric seats of the tube train.  So it can't have exploded or sent fireballs down the train.  It's a shame people got trampled, but this is such a bad hoax.
BREAKING NEWS!!  the bag was completely incinerated, however, the attackers passport managed to be blown to the other side of the cabin from the explosion.... this is the news; we don't lie to you....
What a waste of 10p.
Islam is cancer
Bultoraune
nice coat
London is lost
hmmmm
Congrats on trending
Why is this trending
Damn those LIDL carrier bags are made strong. 🤔
(((pure coincidence)))
Omg
psy op
The HOAXes are getting ridiculous
What ?
Lots of comments here trying to be funny but if this device had gone off as intended, everyone on that carriage would be dead.
Guess who's school was evacuated
Must be terrible to be paranoid every day about the Muslims you brought in and gave benifits and houses to blowing you up.
ISIS Claimed the device, but LIDL beat them to it! £9.99
Hi guys if u sub to me I will sub back
did they find tyler in that carriage
Why is this still trending
Add my Snapchat thxmaswiltshire
If I was them people I would of broke the glass and put that fire out.
For all the people saying 'Don't automatically assume it is muslims' or 'you don't know if it was a Muslim' actually, it's been revealed on the news today that it WAS a Muslim, from Iraq so stfu😌 it always is Muslims, I don't know why people are always protecting them and trying to act like they're so innocent, when they're obviously not...
Can't be that bad, the train still has its GLASS
the new iphone
19 people involved and burnt alive and yet the bucket and bag is intact..... how gullable are the British
Lets Play Russian Roulette 🔫\nEvery 5th like gets Killed 💥\nComment What You Got 👇
It's important to remember that this was the action of an extremist,  and that he doesn't represent all Muslims. I, a white atheist, think it's important to protect our Muslims friends in the innevitable influx of anti-islamic hate crimes.
Who's here for Wayne
Lil wayne long hair dont care got them marley dreads he gonna grow them no matter what he dont care what no one think.
Tha Carter 5 Bonus Track...
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 lil wayne is the best ❤
That kobe shirt 🔥 tho , Lil Wayne the 🐐
Lil Wayne is going bald and can y'all imagine how Lil Wayne looks with a bald head tho.
The greatest
Anyone Noticed The Wayne Clap Lmfao !
GOAT
They had to pay him alotta money to do this shii
This is one reason why Wayne da 🐐
G.O.A.T
Young MONEY TUNECHI💪💪💪🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥   #TheG0AT #FUCKCASHM0NEY #YM #WEEZYNATION
😂😂😂😂😂🐐
Dont go Commercial wayne
I never thought I'd say this but Wayne, it's time to let the locs go
hair trigger no salon\n#YFS
Lmfao Wayne's a fool 😂😂😂
The GOAT
Fake news?
When baby won't pay you
This why birdman don't want to drop the carter 5?
Lmfao !!!!! Wayne Stupid AF For This One Lmfao Like A Parody Video
If that's actually him singing.... I'd be impressed.
LIL WAYNE should of put some bass on this track and start saying  yung mulaaaaaa babyyyyyy!!!
Lil Wayne's confused face in the beginning.
Wee rat of a man
yikes. i can't figure out whats worse, the person who came up with this concept or lil wayne for doing it.
Um anyone here from friends? I see everyone talking about Wayne...
When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month for like 15 years 😂😂😂😂 no lies told!
It's nice to see Wayne keeping it underground in 2017
That s t pain without autotune. You can't fool me
lil Wayne looks like a monkey
Wayne is the Goat. .And there are Wayy too many Grown Men discussing his Hair in here 😂
Omg. So cool!
Dude look like a demon in the flesh 👹👹
Lil wayne look like a Bucket!
07 09 wayne no one was on his level
Wow
this is classic
Show some love y'all https://youtu.be/kYbF29qAICQ
Wayne always my number 1
lol
He always looks dirty...
Bro 😂😂😂😂
https://soundcloud.com/jaystrangebeatz24/the-movement-prod-by-jaystrangebeatz
Fabulous !!
Hair cut bro
Hhhhhh weezy crazy
GOAT
Music video for Carter v is wack
LAME!!!!!!!
Lol
Lmao
I bet that shirt is from Wal-Mart too
Weezy
Lmfao
😐🔫
😂😂😂
Which 0-2 team he's talking about the saints or Patriots or some other team.. And I getting a hint that he saying to the saints because lil Wayne from new Orleans.
He looks terrible
C5 Release date: 27 September 2017
when you sing that extra friendly song when you at the house by yourself good job wayne
Had to made for the bengals 😢😢🏈🏈
What team is he talking about?
Pffft this is...
when the first rocket leaving for Mars??
That moment when you feel old
world war 3 is coming, repent to THE LORD JESUS CHRIST and be saved from eternal fire now!
Wonder If people are going to start showing thier kids gameboys now and record their reactions
Lol these kids are fucked in the future. They depend too much on technology. When their smart phones fail them, they will be screwed.
This is how people use gameboy in this day and age
The tiny human has been Pimped out by Touch screens....amusing!\n\n#YouBeenHaunted
My heart hurts for some reason
This is number 3 on trending... let that sink in
She tries all the gestures!
This is actually kinda sad to watch
Such a sad sign of the times
that's the new generation problem
Beautiful baby i like you
Thise makes me feel so proud of being from the 90's 🙄
Don't shame your daughter. she should be ashamed of having a parent who films videos vertically. I would be telling strangers oh no, don't worry, I'm adopted
I wish a had a Gameboy Color and pokemon yellow again sigh
Anyone remember the Gameboy Advance?\nLink up with your friends and trade/battle
Let's bring back the buttons lol or not I'm really drunk.
When i saw a touch screen phone for first time i was trying to figure out where the hell are there buttons 😅
Its a gameboy aka. Not for girls
this is our generation we fucked up
Kids these days will never know. Its kinda sad tbh.
This is why if you have a kid you don't give them touch screens till their older. They'll start no knowing how to use buttons😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
A difference between a touch screen and a game boy: one required skills
Wow that was kind of annoying
WHY CANT THIS BE CALLED GAMEBOY-GIRL?
Why still uses a game boy
Gameboy? Why can't it be called gameboy-girl??!!?
It's kinda sad to watch this. To think that when I was a bit older than that child, my life revolved around that console. But now technology has advanced to the point where that kid will completely ignore the solution located on the bottom half of the device because her fixation on the screen. Fascinating.
What’s a game boy?
Poor child doesn't know the meaning of button mashing.
This is really sad... It just proves how different it is for kids to learn and develop now than it was 10 years ago
Nintendo be like: ayo I don't think you signed up for our creators program-\n*FLAGGED*
that's it? mmm
Daddy is this the new iPhone X?
Give her a Coleco football game.
Now we need to replicate this with the average American and a non-english copy of the game.
Daddy. Something's wrong with the iPad.
'Back in my day'
What isn’t is called game boy girl!!
me when i play animal crossing after abandoning my town for two years
At least hook her up with an advanced my man
But this is true youtube
Why can't it be called a Game Boy Girl!?
Technology is taking over
Ugh I miss my gameboy. I would play that shit all day.
This annoyed me just a little bit
Show her a nokia brick and prepare to record her little mind imploding.
It’s dead crazy that we’ve all as humans grown so much especially with tech, that everyone will reminisce about something special to them when they grow old. Life is unexplainable, I love it
I'm 11 and I somehow find this stressful\nI mean, does she not see the obvious buttons on that gameboy?!\nI had a 3ds for christmas when I might be 8-7 years old, and I know that I have to use the buttons\n(well, technically the 3ds also has touch screen, BUT STILL....)
This sends me spiraling into a very early midlife crisis.
Touchscreen girl in a push button world ...
Finebros this is why it isn't called a gameboygirl
That's ......that's not how that works
O yes the old days when there was no touch screen lol
Every day we stray further away from god...
Why can't it still be called game boy girl
Omg! Now go ask a kid whose the same age what a VHS cassette is!
this is what kids should be playing with nowadays, a portable video gaming device that only plays video games. Not ipads, tablets, or iphones, they shouldn't have access to the internet or Youtube
Touching was Not Normal in 19's... 😢
My son litteraly does the same thing XD
I lost my gameboy advance sp onyx black with a madden game...\nI wan it back! :(
is this new iphone X?
Ok imma be serious how da Fuq does some1 get 1st on trending with 400subs i just don't get it like ur lucky and awesome
I use to play Pokémon and DBZ on that shit. Good ol 2000’s.
Out of all the videos on YouTube,  how is this No•1 on trending?
That's like me with calculus 😅
Wow it is so.funny to see some people compare their kid self (possibly around 7 years old) to this 3 years old girl and think themselves are smarter.
i am 16 and this makes me feel old.
What the he'll this is on 3 trending
This makes me sad
This makes me sad
Swipe away baby girl.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
What is 'button'?
Im saddened to witness this.
I miss my gameboy😭😭😭
Holy shit this scares me
Rip
Game 🅱OI
Kids jaman now
This makes me sad
This is sad
This hurts
Get this trending this is cute
Traurig
Ah ok d'accord. Voilà voilà.
This honestly disappoints me
Geezzzz
This isn't facebook
iPhone X
poor kid too attached to ipads
Why kid, why you gotta do dis?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When this generation thinks everyting is touch-able
😂😂😂
Omg I feel old!!!
Pokémon Yellow!?!?
Why is this trending?
Memories
my TORTOISE TWERK/DANCE & FIDGET SPIN & YAWN! :D\nSubbb if you yawned :P
The natives of my country do the same and do not have so many views :v
White people get to do this for fun...
thanks for helping me turn on captions lol...
came here to see why it's no. 1 on trending xd. (in australia)
It all started because neanderthals discovered  fire 🔥
James Franco out here riffing it in the wild
world war 3 is coming, repent to THE LORD JESUS CHRIST and be saved from eternal fire now!
I didn’t know til like right now that you should turn on the subtitles but it’s fun to just guess what he’s doing. And I find it funny to think this guy just builds things and gives NO explanation on how he’s doing things or why he’s doing things
This guy is a legend!
how many jews can this oven hold?
Somebody please tell him that he is FAMOUS. 😂
Do a watch tower with a bed on top
Show us how to make your primitive camera
Someone should send these videos to africa. Maybe they'll finally develop.
Damn I was the 14,000,000th view
This video is basically how I feel when the wi-fi is not working.
What if he moves on to the bronze age?
Make a stone road from your main campsite to the other paths you go m8
Too many questions.\nHow long does that take?\nWho's land is that?\nHow many pairs of shorts does he have?\nWhat were those blue specs?\nIs his laptop made out of mud?\nDid he craft his way into a wifi signal?
This man is a Sage on YouTube.
I swear it's like he is slowly leveling up in each video
D-do you a-actually live out i-in the nature??
After watching all these videos, I wonder how dirty this camera is
O my beloved, O Hussein, the grandson of the Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless him and the God, O son of the Commander of the Faithful, and the God of God, Son of Fatima Al-Zahra,
Nice job
He's moved on to the Stone Age
After all that time he still didn't make a stringed lighting device?
Why did I get a minecraft add
Someone is getting out of the stone age! :)
Holy cow, 13 million views in 2 days?  I remember back when no one knew about this...
I thought you were building a pizza oven. Disappointed..
Anyone calling this minecraft is dumb, this is clearly the remastered version of ark.. ARK primitive!
try to make primitive well(for water)
Bet you can’t build a pyramid like in egypt ..... no human can.....
How many splinters did he get?
Can you make a broom?
This dude could build nuclear weapons in that mofo jungle and cook North Koreas ass!
A kiln!!!!!!  I am so impressed and inspired.  Thank you for creating this great content.
Primitive Technology Ep: 1,000, Building Nuclear Reactor and Checking on the Satellite
Watch the video on my channel it’s really good
TAG YOURSELF-\n\nI'm the timber he was cutting at the beginning of the video.
Legend has it they based the initial gameplay of Rust off this man.
Where did his old videos go
How do you turn on subtitles?\n\nNvm
Dumb build, there will be a lot of water)))
My husband would love to do this on our land. It would be great for a camping spot. Thanks for the ideas...and it was all free supplies
Can u show us how they made the pyramids?
Are you at any point going to try and make your own tools out of copper or iron deposits? I don't know the geological scarcity of your area, but it would be pretty cool to even see rudimentary knife blades or arrow heads.
The next star for man vs wild
What would you do if you saw hi in the woods
Can't you make slime with that mud
This man is immune to splinters
He makes similar amounts of money to yters with 6mil like phil Lester etc etc, but I can't imagine him spending money on anything, like as far as I'm concerned he lives full time in the woods with his squirrel friends
this man is equally a 26 history nerd who got striking fame on youtube and a late 50s dad who actually left modern life and lives like this
14 million + 3 days ? That's what looking at real genius is ...
I think this guy lives somewhere in Queensland Australia
Has GOD or The UNIVERSE  send YOU for us to connect with The Very Essential of Our Deep Nature ? You are Mind blowing !\nGreetings From France ! Merci !
When you take what you learnt in Minecraft to the next level.
His name is John Plant. He is from Australia.
how do you edit these videos? with a brick?
Trending #11 in the Netherlands Good job !
I see the meme potential in this
I feel like a beta now
I wish I had a reason to do this
#1 on trending,\nwell done man
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
That was some MLG 360 0:16
i like mud klipz
Bro why Defuqe people always tryn'a be primitive?
Why is so satisfying
Unknown I am
Crazy!!
*SURVIVAL +10*
6:14 who else cringed😂😂
Just like Minecraft ! :D
Real life Tarzan
Dont Hit Read More!\n\n\n\nRead More
What just happend to his slippers? 😂
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trebeHwrsY4\npart 2
Nigga out here playing ark survival evolved irl
Making Milk Art!! Satisfying video! https://youtu.be/9ISXTqpIc7M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkgW-0JNy80&t=2s
He looks like ggg and canelo
bullshit
Do Daily vlog plz
#1 trending in Australia
I love ur vids
make a shovel design:  https://postimg.org/image/3wpxdz54l/
🚩♥
https://youtu.be/8halxLMm-Xk
OH MY GOD! TREND!!!!
Tarzan who ?
Congrats on #2 Trending!!
Guys please follow @clout.jokes on instagram 🙏🙏😥
3:47 kreygasm
say hai indonesia
*BROWN BRICKS*
you should make a full house out of mud
Why is this on trending?
Wow ref... 12 player of Fenerbahce..
And I through refs in uk where bad, my word. The ref might as well has in a fenerbance shirt
GREAT game but POOR referee !!! Besiktas should get 2 pinalty kick + Negredo GOAL was ONSIDE !! You need VAR system in your league, Turkey !!
Ref smoked a crack and fenerbahce bought him that crack\nBesiktas were robbed here
the referee was on crack
I love reading these horribly spelled comments about Fenerbahce having a 12th man.
Ausgerechnet PEPE bekommt in diesem spiel nicht mal eine gelbe karte
Do erdogan support Fener ? Or it is just corruption ?
Turkish football summed up in one video.
Great Fenerbahce! Forza Milan!
Besiktão foi assaltado
Fenerbahces 2 penalties were correct but referee did lit of wrong things like he gave the fenerbahces penalties but he didnt gice besiktass penalties and he gave foul for no reason
if second penalty is a penalty...better besiktas fans find his address and give some counselling.....refree was fcking brainless dick head
Galatasaray gonna win the Turkish league this year
Fenerbahces 2 penalties were correct but referee did lit of wrong things like he gave the fenerbahces penalties but he didnt gice besiktass penalties and he gave foul for no reason
My days! This ref should be banned for life !
@4:55 miss of the decade.
Was this game fixed?
The ref is clown hehehe \nSecond pen came out of nowhere 🌚
Should be 2-2, really.\n\nAll other decisions were right.
Jesus christ is this the new 12th man barcelona team worst ref I've seen phahaha
Whats wrong with the ref?
Should have been 1-1 with a penalty given to Besiktas then game would have been different
This game was so rigged it's ridiculous
FIFA 14 glitch where every tackle you do is a red card
I see a lot of people complaining about the ref, like he was ridiculously bad, but he really wasn't. The only thing you can say was a mistake, was the second penalty claim. The offside wasn't his call, that was a bad call by the assistant. The first penalty claim was nothing, he had his arm squeezed against his body. The two penalties by Fenerbache were rightfully given. Janssen was barged from behind and Hutchinson's hand was in a unnatural position. His second yellow was harsh, but can certainly be given. I mean, the reft gave two direct reds to Fenerbache as well, which were both deserved as well.
what a rubbish ref & linesman btw.\nNo offside Negredo's goal.\nNo penalty to Besiktas.\nBesiktas coach get send off cause of talking rubbish to the refs that already rubbish.
The game is sh*t the referee is sh*t fenerbance is sh*t.
What a great game. We miss atmosphere s like this in the Premier League. The ref was not the best but the fact is it was the biggest game of the week in Europe and just like the Clasico in Spain it lived up to all expectations
I don't see why people are complaining about the referee? He made the right calls!
How much did they pay the ref
Well that was escalated so quickly
I thought that African ref who was banned for lifetime was a bad ref. But this ref should be banned for three of his lifetime.. Worst referee ever. Besiktas should have got two penalty. One for foul and handball for another... FIFA.. Plz investigate this match.. Spot fixing.
Ref was very good
Charlie The ref Chaplin....this referee is a joke.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
Que robo!
Microsoft Product Key\nhttp://microsoftactivatekey.cf/
😮😮😮
Fakeee 😏😏😒😒👎👎👎
Hakem tescilli o.ç. çıkmış
Not offside 😂
¿River Plate o Fenerbache?
Jesus christ
Bad referee
Liverpool 8  Besiktas 0 xd 😂
MOTM = Ref
Who else came from Instagram
el partido mas wtf
💉💉😁
Refee can't cheat wisely
terrible refeer
BESIKTAS WAS ROBBED!
🔴🔴🔴🔴🔴red Cart!!
555+ แดง แมร่งให้หมด
Oruspu gavurlar quaresmanin karti dogru degilmi amk mallari
pls Erdogan command ur military to assassinate this bullshit referee
SO WEIRD
Que robo para besiktas
Que loucura!
01:09 What a pass from Quaresma!
Twats refs, twats league
Like si vienes por Invitos
Horrible referees
Holla amigo. Come to Besiktas “PAW PAW” 🤣
عرفت الإتحاد من فين سارق اللبس😂😂😂
amk hakem
O.ç palabıyık
fuck refereee
panic reffree
Lmao the ref literally gave fener a free win
I have never seen a ref biased as much as him. He deserves all the curses addressed to him by the Besiktas fans.
what a clown fiesta
Assinate that ref real quick
I only came here for the Yellow and Red cards
Fenerbahce is olympiakos of turkey. Ref 12 player
5:25 lmao its a pen but the ball and him wasnt even in the box AHHAHA
hahaha Turkey League 👎
clear match clear win
Beşiktaş zaten hakemler yüzünden kaybediyor hep aq
Ref left his balls at home. That second penalty was suppose to be a free kick outside of the box .
Fenerbahce é o Corinthians turco.
nobody cares about inferior turks or inferior sport footbal. sport for  low class idiots. take it off trending.
No penaltie for Fenerbahce (foul outside of the area) and there's a penaltie for Besiktas which referee didn't marked.
Fuck uber I'd rather get raped on the bus
These drivers can work for their local cab company, so most jobs aren't lost. Customers can use other app to get taxis such as Kabbie to get a cab for a reasonable price.
It's about time!! I was a taxi driver. You either sign up and be an uber driver or lose out ... uber will put every taxi firm out of business and as a company they should have made certain changes to keep people safe and haven't. I hope they lose the right to do business in every town and city in the UK
Didn't Londoners vote for labour control. It's just the labour way.
I've never used Uber- I'm 19 and much prefer traditional cabs. Same prices so...
Drunk students will be stranded I guess
If you're a student and you can afford a taxi period there's something wrong there
Hahaha long live the black cabs. Fuck you uber
Just take the bus.
London is my country.
Guys it's easy just use Wallington cars and couriers. They are actually a really good service
Britain is a failing country, the government basically own you.
Can we all just stfu about politics and get on? In real life you don't bite each other's heads of!
Uber is getting its arse kicked about time
Great news uber sneaking about not paying taxes all though the back door get a proper black cab
Who else is just relaxed knowing there not in London right now? 😥🙏
OMG GOD how are people going to get around now\n\n\n\n\nbecause humans never moved until Uber was made
Losing Uber is great news for London. Black Cabs are an institution and something we should all be proud of.
jesus christ people just get a car or bike if you can't afford it.
*This is why UK is trash. Theyre always so against capitalism and the free market. Reason why those Americans have made far more advancements than us fucking foreigners. These black cabs need to realize that we are in the modern age. Their jobs shouldnt last forever without any form of change or competition. Entrepreneurs are constantly creating things that will challenge somthing that has been so instilled in our lives that sooner or later, people just have to accept that fact that we must evolve and allow things to take its natural course.   You cant stop technology from further entering and changing our lives.*
BUT I CAN STILL USE MY UBER APP
Why won’t you cockney bastards use a black cab LIKE YOU USED TO before this shower of shit was invented? 🖕🖕
Good. The knowledge beats all.
Please help a brother reach 50 subs!
Uber hasn't paid any tax whilst operating in the U.K. What so ever! And they're being taken of the streets as they're a risk to health and safety after a growing number of rapes and sexual assaults, get a black cab, they're a lot safer, professional and English, black taxi prices are higher but that extra 3 quid ensures your safety around London
Just walk kids, it ain’t that far a few miles in 45 mins to save £30 by not taking a cab is ez
I love uber. This is absolute nonsense
i see the cancer is thriving in the comments
Its an APP? Why don't they just copy it & make it state run? Put all profits towards fixing the roads etc. Screw Uber's mega rich shareholders.
*Hey you! I have been working on my channel for almost 3 years now and i was wondering if maybe you could check out some of my videos, let me know how im doing, how far ive come etc*
Good when uber drivers trying to kill our police out side Buckingham palace. Rapes extortion etc.
Don't really care about the passengers, but think of all the people in london that have lost their jobs.
I watched TAXI Driver sat in the back of a TAXI whilst eating a TAXI bar once. Whilst a plane TAXIed on a nearby runway. All this typing is quite TAXIng
Uber drivers are not necessary in London due to excellent public transport.
Capitalism at its finest right here... oh wait
get over it there is a thing called a TAXI \nwitch has been around for a long time people
Wtf man uber has served me well all this time.. give back its license for fuck sake..
Pretty sure London was one of the only places in the U.K. Where you could use über. I live in Plymouth and know one uses it so either learn how to fucking drive or get a taxi lie everyone else
hope they get it back...that world be a slap in the face for the dreadful Mayor
So TfL says uber is not safe, London bus drivers are fucking crazy
Looks like we're gonna have to stick with Delta Taxis for now...
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─█  \n─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  \n─────────────────────────█──█──█  \n─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  \n────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  \n────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  \n────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  \n──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  \n─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  \n▄█████████████────────────█─────█  \n██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  \n████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  \n██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  \n████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look Son!\n███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A Stupid News Story That No One Cares About\n███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█   \n███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  \n███──────────────────█─────█────█  \n███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  \n████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  \n████────────██████────█────█────█  \n█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  \n██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  \n██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  \n─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  \n─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  \n──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  \n──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  \n─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  \n▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  \n█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  \n█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  \n█────────▀█────█oh.......─█─────────██  \n█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  \n█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  \n█───────────────█──────────────█  \n█▄─────────────██──────────────█  \n─█▄────────────█───────────────█  \n──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  \n─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  \n─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  \n─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
OH NO, GUYS! UBER HAS LOST THEIR LICENSE IN LONDON! IT'S THE END OG THE WORLD!!
God, this is crazy! It'll be back in no time!
Its a shit job with no pay  salve work third world job
ttoi29404
St Louis Police GOES WILD . . . Arrest EVERYONE Inside The Galleria Mall . . . Because They Didn't Approve Of PEACEFUL PROTEST Against Brutality!! (Out Of Control)\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liGnaQycx3o
Your definition of freaking out and mine appear to be very different.
Personally i think its a good thing
sad my dad is complaining about this\n\n\n\n\nHe also wants to kill all TfL employees (not literally,he just rly hates TfL.)
london is the best city in the world it's no place for racist bigots and another thing uber will stay this licence revoked issue is so TFL can look relevant.
Use Addison Lee. I've always used it l, never trusted uber
I live in Salford so I depend on Mainline 7s
I’m pretty sure everyone in this comment section signed the petition right?
This whole debate is stupid. At the end of the day we are losing out on a cheap way of transport.
What a backward retrograde step to make by London.
Now people might accidentally jump into fake taxis and get raped
Well looks like i'm out of a job
WAAAH!! I WANT MY CHEAP LABOUR SO I CAN CONTINUE TO BE A CUNT.
I bet you all the people 'freaking out' are remainers lol. \n\nSo happy, long live London Taxis <3 \n\nBTW its not just London ubers ban in a few places around the world.
Due to this black cab fares are going to increase a vast amount.
https://youtu.be/CengAx6lRrU\nThe Sunday Show! \nJustice League early screenings said to be EPIC! \nMore Wonder Woman on the horizon, and a very special guest, features in another BvS homage/reenactment 😉. \n\nThanks for taking the time to watch folks, I really appreciate your time and support. Feel free to hit the SUBSCRIBE button.
wHAT IS WRONG WITH TAXIS PEOPLE! if anything taxis are safer!
Let's have this right: Fuck Uber.
I'm glad uber are going because black cabs have learned the streets of London for months and know where they are going unlike uber who have to use about 3 GPS
Uber drivers flooded London like rats, I for one am glad they lost the license to operate. Makes me laugh how people are complaining like its the only way to get around.
I don't know why 'People are freaking out' because this is a service that no right minded person should want to use anyway.\n\nIts a very dodgy company with shady practices and a very poor reputation. There has been lots of complaints of sexual assaults by Uber drivers, and Uber doesn't vet they're drivers or doing anything to try to make sure their drivers are potential criminals. With all this in mind, the governing body is doing the public a huge favour by looking out for them and not renewing Uber's licence.
The only people that use Uber are drunk or stoned people coming from the local pub or nightclub after night out
Black cabbies go through extensive checks and have to memorize every street in London for their license test. Uber is putting our iconic black cabbies out of pocket. Good riddance.
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | perfectdissertation.co.uk/
uber drivers.......dirty immigrant raping scum that dont know where they are going.....good riddance
We need Cabracadabra!
Shame man. These dumb prius drivers
ride the fucking taxi you anti-social pillocks
...OMG CHECK OUT NEW UBER VIDEO ....CRAZY....http://quainator.com/XR
well im safe i use Adisson Lee(pengting called uck queen...)
Great news
Ffs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oZ1vNNHYSU
Fags will have to walk, boo fucking hoo!
Hi
Hahahahahahaha. Get fucking rekt London. HAAAAAHHHAAAAAAAAAA!
Z riyfiugninb you,,,mother hibjh yyivm nyu. To. Vha
Fuck em, delayed sexual assault reporting, serious sexual assaults on women every fucking day, grey balling officials, 40 thousand extra cars in an already insanely congested, polluted capital, tax exemptions..........disrupted tech, just got disrupted.
Losing not loosing.
Just use lyft
Lol Loosing Uber license it's fucking losing dumbass
Use Addison Lee
Fucking walk ya bunch of lazy cunts.
Cheap Game deals - \nhttps://www.g2a.com/r/deals-discount
Good. Protect black cabs.
Good fackin riddance
Watch this video\nU realy enjoy this\nhttps://youtu.be/i88Ct7lXq68
To that retards last comment if you want to be safe move out of London living costs are cheaper and crime is lower its not the government's responsibility to make sure your safe everything you decide to go out and piss yourself so badly you can't walk at 3 in the morning grow up
London isn't London anymore its owned by foreign aliens
Now the Islamic state of london will have to ride their goats to the mosk instead
lets all agree if your an indian live in india or if your a pakistani live in pakistan or a African live in africa or if your any think else fuck off to America
fuck uber its a crap
Most of these people commenting, I swear don’t even live in London. Uber is the most convenient and cheapest service out there. Black cabs mainly run through Central London, and you will not find one running at like 3 am in Wembley on a Saturday morning. Yes there is public transport, but if you have the option to take a quick uber and willing to spend the money then, why not. Black cabs are unreliable not see upcoming traffic, roadblocks or whatever because they simple are using the knowledge, also the meter can run up in high density traffic or alternative routes. Mini cab services are available but not great. Sometimes they take time to show up and because cash is involved it is easier to hide from the tax man. Uber changed the transport game in London since it has started and had no competition from the very beginning. \nYes the company fucked up, but it is a great service, and will be sad to see it go. \n\nAlso for the comments saying if you can’t afford black cabs then why live in London or go out in London. Clearly do live in London, and the point is just stupid.
Arsip video asli Republik Indonesia  Pengangkatan Korban Korban G 30 S PKI dari Lubang Buaya https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pyxKp8EsowU
Where do you want to see Martyn riding next?!\n\nRemember to like and share this video! ⚡️ 🚲 💨💨💨💨
Top!
This is truely inspiring
Best video of 2017!
Awesome!👍🏼😎 I LOVE IT!!
So ullshit
best GMBN video ever?
#5 ON TRENDING
You legend! Full gas m8🔥🔥🔥🔥
Best video😍
Absolute fucking legend
Martin the fucking legend ashton
best gmbn episod ever
#5 on trending 👌
Absolutely Inspiring!
Fantastic!! More
ATHLETE.
It's Crank Worx baby!
Beautiful video
Outstanding clip, loved it 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼😁
Dude your a true inspiration!!
He needs an e-bike
Such an awesome, inspiring video!! You rock
loving it
All fronts, all aspects that was pure awesome!🤘
Martyn Ashton, the real OG.
Absolutely amazing!
Your a beast bro !
Truly inspirational stuff!
LEGENDS
Best video ever. Inspiration to the max.
Hats off to the engineers and bike builders for giving you the means to get out and have fun, also to the top guys in your support team.
Had a massive grin on my face for the whole video!!
May well be the best video I’ve watched on this channel!  Amazing!!!
I'm blown away. The riding, the message, the friendships, the community. This work of art is what the world is all about. We need more stories like these to heal the world. Thank you.
Freak'n love this!
Good in you Martin your a legend and all the gmbn team for helping him especially Blake so yeah good on u Martin Ashton no matter what that necklace thing said your an athlete in everyone's eyes
truly inspirational, and emotional! Amazing! epic video!
how can 18 people dislike the video?!!
It makes me happy to see you back on  the bike    , keep it up 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Damn these Legends, just keep taking that bar to unreachable heights.  So Insane!  I can't believe Mr. Ashton was here and I didn't even get an autograph.
Singly the most inspirational video I've ever had the pleasure to watch. Martyn, I've been following you for years now and you have never ceased to amaze and inspire me. Keep cracking on Martyn. You're awesome!
massive respect for the team..always giving inspiration and dedication..i wish i have that same strength, components and bike!
Hi #gmbn i just want to ask about helmet.the motorcross helmet can use for a downhill bike at the same way?thank you..
Inspiration. What an awesome bunch of people. Great watch.
You are a legend! Keep it up bro! \nI can imagine you've always been an athlete and I believe you always  will be.🤙😁
Great stuff,,good on ya Martyn..
Fuckin love this video so much. Awesome motivational uplifting stuff that made me want to go to Whistler with all mates.\nNow I'm gonna watch it again but without crying this time
The Biking World needs more Biking Videos from Martyn like this one! This Man is a true inspiring Legend!
Super idea ! He's my hero :)
The most inspirational video i have ever watched. Goosebumps from start to finish. You are the man!
Martyn you're such a legend I think you are the best mountainbiker in the world, keep the spirit up man you're AWESOME!!!!!
Howbout a game of B.I.K.E. with Martyn and Stacy Kohut?!!
This was so inspirational
Watch video on my channel. It’s good
It is not just the racing, it is about having fun and getting stoked!
I was moved by this video!! Have followed Martyn's career and injury and can't believe he is riding at this level- well done to all involved!
That’s some inspirational stuff right there!
You need more power and possibly a heavier rear wheel to compensate for not using your body on takeoffs
I have been watching GMBN for a while now and I have to say that is the most touching and emotional video on this channel. Massive respect for everybody who makes Martyn's dream true.
I was there and got a pic with you
Possibly one of the most inspiring videos I have ever watched. Congrats man.
You and the rest of GMBN are an inspiration. Great work guys! Keep on shredding the trails!!!!
Well done martyn. Awesome to see you do this stuff
Amazing Martyn!  Blake and the crew were hands down brothers...I would feel better if you were in one of those atv style mtb set ups, but you crushed it dude
I’ve enjoyed your videos for a few years now.  This is by far my favorite!  Would love to see and hopefully meet Martyn at Sea Otter some day 🤘
Wow...I got misty there for a minute.  Great stuff Martyn and GMBN crew!  My favorite GMBN video so far.
You are and always will be an athlete Martyn! You are doing so much for the sport, and with your GMBN crew behind you, anything is possible. I can't wait to see whats next. Thank you for the video, you made my day! Keep it up man.
Great video! Worthy of entering in the Banff Mountain Film Festival!
This was beautiful to watch. Congrats on the team!
I gotta say that Martyn being disabled, brings so much positive influence to him and and his friends and family that it makes up for what he lost. Its amazing.
100% stoked for you, Martin, to have this team with you and to pull off such an awesome trip! Congratulations on the race run and best of luck on your next adventure.
Mate your a bloody legend!
Respect for THE man! And Blake, Doddy and the whole team! Awesome...
So awesome!! Great video and great crew!  Seriously special to watch.
lets see a martyn bike check guys like if you agreeeeeee
yeah man... you are amazing!! 🤘🏻🤘🏻 ride on!
I love this, love Martyn and the GMBN crew I was smiling the whole time. This makes my heart happy
That is now my favorite video in the world. Amazing to Dr you riding again Martin!!! Such an inspiration to get out there and ride. Much love to you all and the GMBN crew 😁😁😁
Martyn needs to make a book
What an inspiration! Keep it up Martyn!
Favorite video yet! You are an athlete Martyn!
Seriosly, there isn't a big enough like button here!!
who ever disliked this video go kill ur self since u dont have a hart
That was a great ride!
If you look up the word perseverance you will see Martyn’s face and crew of GMBN. Right on mate. Keep up the great job
Absolutely no words to describe how inspirational you are. That just get's you stoked to live life and get out and fulfill your dream. Your a roll model/whistler slayer and a beast. Cheers!!!
Absolutely the most inspirational video on the internet for me. I strive to have half as much drive that you have.
Epic!! Big love to all the team, what an inspirational story.
The level of comradely and stoke from everyone, was just awesome. Hats off to the team, but especially Blake. You can tell just how close of friends he and Martyn are. So cool to see that.
Im so inspired by you martyn well done fella...
Fantastic friendships are what's most evident here.  Martyn, you are a guy who deserves the goodness in your life - and it's very clear that you have earned your friendships.
Been following for a while.  You guys are the best. Martyn you are an inspiration keep at it.
Amazing, Martyn. Keep riding, bro. You are an inspiration.
This is what MTB is about.  Getting anyone out,  and having a fun time no matter how new, old, broken... everyone can have fun!  Awesome job Martyn, sick mate!
This video just makes me feel so great. Thank you. We all have our personal struggles but it is about perseverance and making it happen in the face of adversary.
This is one of the most beautiful stories I've seen. I have been watching you since I was a kid and I was hoping you would find a way to raise the bar again.
I've got dust in both my eyes. Great video also.
0:30 - check out the guy behind Blake tickling his nose while he's sleeping  :-D
I'm a 40 year old grown ass man, and I am not ashamed to admit that this video got me a little misty about the eyes. What an inspiration you are, Martyn. We the GMBN extended family are all so happy for you. Bravo. Truly, bravo.
#YIAYbasic look at meams
Called myself unique...
#YIAYbasic got addicted to cocaine
#yiaybasic i ate bread with water
#YIAYbasic disliked jacks videos
#YIAYbasic made a forehead joke
#YIAYbasic  WATCHING PORN
#yiaybasic awnser yiay like a normal person
#YIAYbasic pull out 😏
Taking a shit #YIAYbasic
Riding a yellow bus boi
#YIAY saying I like turtles
#YIAYbasic \n\nmaking a lighthead joke
NaOH
#YIAYbasic watched YIAY on autoplay
#YIAYbasic made a gay joke lol
blink
#YAIYbasic breathed
Blinking
#YIAYbasic I like potatoes
Breath #YIAY
#yiaybasic smash a phone
Drank bleach. #YIAYbasic
I skated fast and ate ass.\n#YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic put butter on my toast
Commented on your video.
Nice meam
#YIAYbasic\nyour mum xD xD xD get rekt m8y
#YIAYbasic OmG 🎃😆😍 Im sO HyPEd fOr FaLl AnD PUmkiN SpICE lATtes oH mYy GOoOOooOOOodddD
your mom...
#YIAYbasic watching your videos.
#YIAYbasic I was born
#YIAYbasic watched your videos non stop
Getting on YIAY #YIAYbasic
#YIAYBasic skip your ads
#YIAYbasic watching jacksfilms
#yiaybasic this one white girl
#YIAYbasic yes
#YIAYbasic i was myself today 😆👍
Worn uggs
#YIAYbasic idk
#yiaybasic flick a light switch
Sit
Drank drain cleaner #YIAYbasic
#YIAYBasic watching your video
#YIAYbasic I used blue apron. BLUE APRON MAKES YOU COOK GOOD. BLAH BLAH. USE CODE FIDGETSPINNINGEMOJIMOVIES FOR AN EXTRA 420% OFF
#yiay I bought 86 copies of Shrek 2 on blu-ray
Eating iced cream while watching jacks films while wondering what the meaning of life is while getting a brain freeze because I don't often pay attention
#YIAYbasic walk up to my friends(they just looks like them) and went SUP FUCKERSmy friends say me do that and i get teased to this day -3-
#YIAYbasic I included the emoji with the biggest forehead in this comment😞
Try to get my iq up to 197 by going to the website of (*INSERT SPONSOR HERE*)
Took a pic of my footsteps in the sand
#YIAYbasic i gave my boyfriend the flu...now my bae's sick. ha ha ha
#YIAYbasic answering this question and not getting on yiay
#YIAYbasic shoot photons at a force field made out of wood while a man with low metabolism farts at a chair made of glass that is of a value of a small loan of a million dollars.
#yiaybasic my friend Becky and I went to Starbucks and ordered PSL after we went to target to find stuff to make diys   Lol it was soooo much fun like I know right lol ttyl mcm <3
Ran into a door (both clear and not)
I don't wanna think of something creative so IMA just fucking be a meam Lord.🐸💦😩🤢
#YIAYbasic Subscribed to JacksFilms. Wait, am I actually subscribed to you?
cried when I found out my bf and his mom changed which restaurant we were going to at the last minute. I literally cried 🙄
be at a 9pH level #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic commenting on a yaiy about how its basic to watch jacksfilms
#YIAYbasic try to think of a way to rob a store
Make a series on my fans' answers from my questions #YIAYbasic
I watched your videos. Its actually a compliment because that means that a lot of people watch your videos... get it... your welcome
ordered a hot chocolate at Star Bucks
I like how when the nonbinary question came up, jack didn’t even question it make fun of their gender. He just poked fun at the parents for being meanies lolol, jack, ur a good meme 👌🏻👌🏻👍🏻
#YIAYbasic make a monistable in minecraft (look it up and if you don't get results look it up on YT)
In chemistry I made a 0.5 M Potassium Hydroxide solution. It was pretty ~basic~
Searched for a 10 hour MeMe Big Boy outro and only watched two minutes #YIAYbasic
Responding to you (ps you're amazing)
I drank a bunch of bleach\nIt was real basic\n\n#YIAYbasic
JACK UPLOAD ON TIME \nOR DIE ITS SOOO FRUSTRATING TO BE WATING FOR THE HEXT YIAY AND NOT GET IT FIR 4 DAYS \nCHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE
Can you fix my toilet?
#YIAYbasic I have lived for a certain amount of years.
#YIAYbasic NaOH. its got a ph of 13, that basic enough for ya?
#YIAYbasic watched all the YIAYs but never once checked out the day's sponsor :(
#YIAYbasic I paid for Don’t Stop Believing on iTunes because people complain about my music when they’re in my car
Watch your videos 23hrs after it was uploaded.
#YIAYbasic went to school and did my homework
#yiaybasic \nI have used an over used meme and then used said over used meme to complain about over used meme
#yiaybasic I once drank a Starbucks...\n\n\nMade from the blood of white girls.
The most basic thing i've dunn is pass my speling test.. #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic Had a pH level greater than 7
Lol I tripped over a poodle and fell into a trash can which closed on me but it was a Friday morning so the garbage truck picked me up and took me to the dump where I met my best friend Gary. So basic #YIAYbasic #relatable #showerthoughts #showerthots #basic #starbucks #dogs #poodle #dump #gary #BFF #death
#YIAYbasic made a whole website on rome only getting an A and shit talking the teacher, pretty basic
Jack has anyone ever told you that you resemble Mr. Mercedes (the killer) on the Steven King TV show Mr. Mercedes. Throw some aviators on and a hat. You’ll see it.
#YIAYbasic watched on of your videos
I planked instead of dabbed, am I doing it rite? #YIAYbasic
Liking my own comment#YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic realising that it's episode 360 NOSCOPE
Spaling Tis santens #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic I dabbed once\n\nIt was awful
Didn't buy a Dady jack forehead hat :(   #YIAYbasic
#YIAYbasic breathing is the most basic thing I do
#YIAYbasic I fucked a bar of soap once... that was pretty basic.
#YIAYBasic This comment, coz I just woke up.. That's a really bad one...
Didn't dab on the haters. Was then murdered. Always remember to dab on the haters, or else.......
#yiaybasic be born, it wasn't hard for me
Are you happy that this shit content made you succesful?
This looks like something HBO made.
My thoughts and it could be wrong... There is no musical motif... none that I find appealing anyway. The DS9 and Voyager themes have a great leitmotif. The TNG also has a good leitmotif. Where is the leitmotif? A melody? Feeling very ambivalent towards this new one...
LOVE!!!
Can't say i like it.
Na boa, que abertura GENIAL, incrível!
Se puderem, recomendo os colegas assistirem em uma televisão o vídeo, a abertura tem muito detalhe e muita textura, tem que ser em tela grande para ser aproveitada em todo seu potencial.
Isn't it a Fringe theme?
Cool . . . but doesn't really feel like a proper Star Trek intro sequence to me.
It's been a long time... Getting from there to here...\n\nPart of me was waiting for it... Gotta be said.
Looks great to me!
What year is it set 2040??
The music is absolutely wonderful, but I'm not sold on the animation. If we had a traditional TNG/DS9/Voyager opening with the Discovery flying about in space with this tune in the background, it would be amazing.
So that’s it huh, we some kind of enterprise squad?
at the time of watching this video has been uploaded for 2 hours, has 972 views and is on the trending page........good job youtube.......good job
Where's the melody Taylor?
This has a very Westworld vibe to it. 😅
Interesting. I like it. \nNot what I was expecting, but then I wasn't sure what I was expecting.
Not bad at all. \nThough it's a bit Game of Thronesesque, I think.
Well, at least it's not fate of the heart
Pra quem está perguntando: Sim, essa é a abertura real lançada pelo twitter da série. Não tem os nomes dos atores/produtores/do Gene Roddenberry porque é uma versão clean feita pro marketing. No show mesmo isso vai estar tudo incluso.\n\nQue que eu penso dessa abertura: Os visuais são lindos e tão de parabéns, mas a música é muito silenciosa e genérica. Tirando as partes copiadas do tema da série original, não tem nada de interessante na música.
I love this show already. Just from this opening alone.
Épico, abertura de série de responsa
Não sei o que pensar. É uma coisa lindíssima, mas totalmente inesperada para a serie. Sera mesmo a versao final / oficial?
Está ainda sem os créditos...
Wow, that sucks
Please be good Please be good Please be good Please be good
Destiny 2?
SQUEEE!!!
Linda! Linda! Linda!
What is this James Bond?
Uaaaaalll
Le,mbra GAME OF THRONES, LEONARDO DA VINCI com futurismo.. gostei.
This must be fake as there's no actor's names and most crucially it doesn't say created by Gene Roddenberry
Spent years watching Walking Dead impatiently waiting for the *insufferable* Sasha to die, just for her to suddenly turn up in the new Star Trek series? Nope, sorry, won't be watching. I know that's a totally unreasonable reason not to watch a show but I just cannot stand that actress.
Faith of the Heart will no longer be the worst Star Trek theme.
totaly rubbish, so we look at a CAD bluerpint for a minute! terrible ! give me Oriville any day ! Star Trek has lost it.
It looks and feels like STD.
what shit is this? this is the generic crap we get in a shit ton of shows, doing a Trek intro should be so easy, have the Discovery flying across space with a great, memorable, inspiring theme.
Just glad they didn't blow it like Enterprise!
Bom hj vou descobrir...se é a da série ou não.
No. Just... no.
this is bad
Sério?! Mereceia mais impacto. Lembrou Dr. House
Não deve ser essa a da série! Onde está o Based upon.... E na minha opinião faltou o espaço....é série no espaço ou não? Boa, mas poderia ser melhor, muito melhor.
You are jokeing, the music is arfull and to put a cartoon title sequence for a big budget show like this, is terrible I can't believe it they might as well just thrown up the name of the show and 10 seconds of music, this is not star trek how cheap, I bet there is moor crap in-store and to show a communicator an a phaser they make it look like a baby's show now trekkers will be laughed at.
I actually dont really like the video BUT i just thought there was a funny moment which sums him up so well. He was rating the guys goals out of 3, and he goes and says.\n\nMate, whenever you score it's a 3.
My mother said that if I get 1000 likes she would buy me an iphone 8x
I thought it was clickbait coz of the thumbnail but I still clicked it. Im mind blown that it is not. Is the youtube cancer finally fading away?
Where's the mercurial? 😂
At 6:02 ronaldo said this is cool, he knows a lot about football
This Philly boy, absolutely loves the fact that Cristiano mentioned the infamous Allen Iverson clip! That's awesome!
Do a return of ronaldinos recruitment
A Chriss messi is the best
if cristiano were to ever judge my own dribbling i'd just laugh extremely loudly in his face lmao
Ronaldo said dribbling is good but pass not good cuz he doesn't like to pass 😂
Ronaldo is always going to be better then Messi
he would suck his own dick if he could
You said he wanted to show he wasn't all about football and you spoke about football pretty much constantly lol, his body language 😂 He went with it in the end though just to be nice.
Why was there a horse on the right at 6:27? Wierd.
Were you hoping for a call from Real Madrid in the weeks following this interview?
Please do the journey
Ronaldos face when he said his name lmao im dead
A.i. Was pretty much saying fuck practice I’m here the game
I subbed and liked because ronaldo my favorite soccer player
I wish I was you Chris
Tell Cristiano Ronaldo that I am is his number one fan
Where are the mercurial 😂
working his way up to messi.....
First of all, I'm from Philly , so I'm crazy about Allen Iverson... Second of all wow... Renaldo knows who he is... Mad respect just gained... Secondly, how does Renaldo know about him, but not Chris?
Lmao gets the chance to meet and talk to Ronaldo... shows him clips of himself and gets his boots signed 😂 standard mate
Chris MD interviews Ronaldo but still makes the video about himself and hes wembly highlights ffs
This is the best birthday ever
I wonder how CR7 would react if it was KS I whom was doing this interview 😂😂😂 shit would be pretty  awkward...thank God it ain't him lmao
not a fan of real Madrid but I would love to meet a great player like ronaldo some day
Goal, it's goal doesn't matter  💯💯💯
CR appears to be a non-human like wax image of himself, very creepy.
Fucking me man... I would be so nervous
He spok portuguese at 6:04, and he said  the guy was cool. Meeting Ronaldo... What's a life goal!
U met a legend
What's the first song????
Ronaldo had build an empire based on his brand.
Me: this is clickbait af\nWatches vid: luckiest person in the world
O M G my favorite soccer player!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You may hate CR7 but to be fair, he's a really down to earth guy
but he's got there ,and way before so interview the shoddy player.
You egg that’s not C.R that’s a loookalike his name is Justin Hieper
hehe that amazing bro i can see you very nervous also while interview him  lol
This is the best video ever!!!
You met Ronaldo? The fuck? Lucky ass!!!!
really nice guy, ive been lucky enough to meet him several times
bruh this kid is luck as $#@# to me this dude he is the best player in the world
Hej just said some random numbers to get it done haha
hey chris, actually ronaldo was sayin in portuguese that you were cool, he enjoyed your skills! what a lucky guy!
Thats great & all but can he score on a rainy night at stoke
Last time he spoke in portuguese he said the guy is cool,  and actually you are
Wow, you are a lucky man Chris 😌
How much you pay him ?😂
How do have 3 million without knowing you existed
how much did u paid for this shit nigga
im portuguese and ronaldo said that he liked you nice chris
I'm a up and coming artist
Practice 😂
THE KING.
#32 On Trending!!! :D
dribbling....
c7
Amazing
The goalkeeper was your frind Get Rekt😂😂😂😂😂😂👏
siiickkk
Cant wait till the fight lets go KSI
Wheres the mercurial
Awesome!!!!!!
Fds Caralho 😂
RONALDO!!!
finally not  Clickbait thx
badass
No way
ronaldo be likeok....\n\n
Wheres the mercuial XD
Sorry
Chris was sooooo nervous😂👌🏼
That's amazing!
Wow u luck not click bait guys
Haha..where is mercurial😂😂
I also wanna meet Cristiano:(
Your so lucky bro
nah nah nah nah nah fuck off
bruhhh you lucky mother fucker
In that picture callux looks so cringe😆😆
Ur so lucky
Ronaldo really!!!! Why not Messi
Right, Chris is getting robbed.
Haha, just casually call him Cris.
Where is the mecurial
DUDE THIS IS CLICKBAIT! THIS IS SOCCER NOT FOOTBALL!
Hey Chris, I really like your channel, I have been supporting you since FIFA 14. You really need to work on your upload schedule though. Have you ever considered joining a team, such as the Sidemen? I feel like that could be really helpful to you and the Sidemen. Or maybe you could start your own team, maybe with Spencer, Callux, Calfreezy, Manny, and I don't know, AA9Skillz. It could really help you out because you need to upload more. You could help them out for quality videos, and they could help you work on your upload schedule. Anyway, that's all I have to say. Peace out.
You lucky son of a gun.......
Hello wonderful person, I hope you are having a great day coming from a small Youtuber who's dream is to have a wonderful crowd to make great content for :)
when he says something in portuguese he says you are very cool and you know about football
Fml cristiano mm
So Lucky!!!!!!
Love Ronaldo
I been looking at this video in the recommended section for like 3 days and I didnt wanted to click on it because I thought it was clickbait 😂
how funny would it have been if he had handed him messi adidas boots lol
Cristiano... born in Manchester
U should do some videos where you recreate some of those foods you like. Like the tomato and basil soup. See if you can find some recipes online and try to make it yourself. U can then tell us if it's a dupe or the recipe is a fail
Gabby, please please please get a dietitian, one that specialises in bariatric nutrition. Especially when you will start exercising again. You can't feel healthy and strong not eating enough nutrition. You need more protein too.. I am very concerned. Think about long term effects of being vitamin deficient too. I suffer from b12 deficiencies and am anemic too so I really can understand that feeling exhausted all the time..
Kindly share how much  the stool was?
Gabs, have you gotten your blood sugar levels checked?  I know that you've looked into anemia as a cause of your ailments, but it sounds almost like hypoglycemia or diabetes...get well, love you!!
Hello from Azores Portugal its always very nice watch your videos. Lots of happiness for you🤓
@Gabriella Hey Gabs, a friend of mine who studies biology recently told me that chia seeds have way more iron in them, than spinach does. Maybe that would be a good alternative? And it's super convenient as your can just put some in soy yoghurt, in your drinks, etc. =)
I look forward to the Marc Jacob palettes first impression. They look so gorgeous !
Have you stopped using uber? X
There are some Palm Leaf roller blinds in next sale that matches (near identical) your large art piece > Black Loreto Palm Leaf Print Roman Blind if you had 3 you could put up in living room windows.
Me 100% with my cats 😂 they are my babies
Love ya gabs but I'm not a cat lover at all. I always have to turn my phone away when u do your close ups and long pauses on your cats. That's how much I like your vlogs!
We have the same toothbrush !! 😂😂💞
Hi! I had the exact same problem as you! i feels really tired and felt sad all the time! And i fide out that I had a low iron level! I could't eat iron tablets som I went to the doctors and they gave me a shot filled with iron and now i feel much better!
I got the glasses video in my sub box!
I feel like gabby one of the only people who don't rip people off with her merch love you gabs❤️
Gabs I honestly relate to your heart to heart.... I have been feeling super shattered. Before I started work I would have to have naps or go to bed before 9pm from doing nothing... now I am in full time employment and I honestly think its affecting my performance, I have no energy. I get home at 7 or 8pm and I am straight to bed. I am also severely anaemic and I have hypothyroidism which affects fatigue.... I finally have a blood test this week. I hope you feel better soon :)
i hope you get sorted at doctors soon, i have anemia and hypothyroid, it can be so debilitating! lots of well wishes xoxoxox
This is the first time I've watched one of your vlogs & instantly love it!! Subscribed & taggin along for more of your vlogs :) !!! xx
i hope you will be better gabi we love you !!!!!! xx
I love you and hope you keep feeling better and your videos are always so good and make me so happy x
Are your cats neutered? It might reduce the boy
Hi Gab! I was wondering where your grey jumper is from?? I love it :)
I've heard from quite a few people that although spinach is full of iron, it is also home to a chemical (or something) that prevents the iron being fully absorbed. Probably something to look into!
Could you link the glasses please?
The thing is you haven't actually donated the money for breast cancer from the ghd' s... you got sent them.
Loved it!:) Glad youre vlogging more!:) \nPs can you do an update video on Bean ? I like the name Geremy fitted with him;)! Xxx
try cooking frozen spinach in unsweetened almond milk with a little garlic powder and salt & pepper. It's a really good substitute for creamed spinach! xxx
Waaooo good
It breaks my heart to see you cry. Keep your beautiful head up , I love you ❤️
if you blend spinach up in a blender with frozen bananas and cocoa powder it tastes just like a chocolate milkshake and you can't taste the spinach - you should give it a try :)
Hope you feel better soon dear!
Hey gabs I had a question, why don't you drive?✨
8th on trending! WELL DONE GABS! \nThat's literally so amazing 🤗❤️
I use to get called Velma as well and ugly Betty in high school it put me off wearing my glasses but you look so good in yours
I know you've been to the Drs and sorted a few things about but maybe you should consider having a roommate? Someone to support you and socialise with. I hate seeing you so upset because you don't deserve to be like that! You're an amazing person and when I watch your vids/vlogs I have a smile through the whole entire video!💖 Also, loving the Autumnal makeup look!❤️
O.M.G I can't believe that Gabby watches Sophie Louise's videos 😁 I'm shook💜
Hey gab, I was thinking maybe you could give Nelly one level of ur house and bean the other, so they both have their own territory. I would hate to see u seperated from bean!
Where is Gabby's fluffy chair from?
I'm glad you found out the reason you're so tired all time. I just came home from a 12-hour blood transfusion because I was severely anaemic too - my iron levels were around a quarter of what they should be and it got to the point where even just standing up wore me out. It's super stressful and scary but it feels so good once it starts getting sorted out and you'll start feeling a lot better emotionally and physically. I don't know if you'll see this or care at all and I don't mean to come across as condescending or know-it-all, but you're not alone and it gets better! Keep being amazing! <3
Anyone wanna help a small YouTuber out?! Currently have 23 amazing subbies ✌🏼😂 x
hey love! Where's your grey jumper from? It's gorgeoussss😍😍❤️
I had the same exact symptoms as you and the same exact diagnosis. It's horrible! I was a zombie for like 4 weeks.
i have pernicious anaemia and I feel like shit all the time. I get an injection every 8 weeks and feel ok for about a week but then I feel shit again. One doctor then diagnosed an underactive thyroid, put me on thyroxine and I started to feel normal. Then another doctor took me off it. I am so frustrated and tired so I feel your pain Gabs and hope you feel much better soon. I feel like women are not taken seriously with issues like this. xx
Small youtuber xoxo
You're videos always brighten up my day :)
Do the yoga challenge
<33
Hi gabbie I really feel for you maybe it's your B12 that is low or you are aneamic sorry for spelling but you know what I'm saying hope you feel better soon 💗💗
I love it when you add P.O Box hauls to your vlogs. It's one of my fav things to watch ❤❤ xx
if anyone know where she got the pot her brushes in as I love them ? please help
I hear my BAB Conan 👀❤️. Also, I loooove Funko Pops. ❤️ & I really hope you get better Gabs. <3 I hate seeing you upset.
Your make up looks amazing and with the glasses
you always make my day!!!!
This was a great vlog Gabbie! Just wanted to tell you, Funko Pops are not just little kids things. My sister and I are a few years older then you, and I have around 20, she has over 100. It's kind of an addicting thing to collect 😂.
Gabbie please check out TravelBlogBeauty’s YouTube they put so much effort into there vids, it’s so good, (like your videos😘)
23 mins of Gabbie!! Nothing better I could wish for❤️❤️
I hate seeing you so upset! I love you much gabbie! Have been watching your videos for years! Xxx
omg your cats are to die for so flipping cute I love your videos
I hope you’re feeling better xx love you lots xx
Does anyone else have a marathon of Gabbie's videos to make themselves better? I know I do💗
So sad to see you so upset over your health :( I just had some blood tests back cause I was feeling like you are, and I had bad iron, folate and B12 deficiency, along with some thyroid issues. They put me on iron tablets and i'm on an intensive course of B12 injections of 3 a week for 3 weeks and then one every 3 months. I had my first one yesterday and honestly I feel so much better already! Things will work out and I hope you feel better soon, I know how scary it is! xxxxx
Hi gabs, I hope you're okay it makes me so sad to see you upset I'm keeping up with your insta and snapchat and ovbs YouTube so keep us updated!!! Also I, really loving your jumper where is it from?? All my love xxxxx
Sorry about your anemia, i can sympathize as i had bad anemia too, below 7 whatever that is!! And i remember crying while at work ( dog training) i was so exhausted.. Hope you feel better soon.
That tap clip was really satisfying. I've watched it like 5 times 😂💗
23 mins of Gabby and a fleecy blanket... can life get any better i think not😂❤️
I'm doing 30 days of yoga too! I'm on day 15 so halfway there and really been enjoying it, hope you are too😊
Can't wait for you to get this bloody cabinet 😂😂😂
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME THIS IS THE BEST GIFT
Girl I relate to you so much !\nMary Poppins and Pocahontas are my absolute 2 favourites ! I already own the Pocahontas Pop, now I want Mary Poppins.\nLove from France
Gabby ,honney ,calcium from the cream dont let iron to digest .i dont try to down you but wish you all best.soo i think you should eat your spinach other way,,💟
Gabbie where is your grey jumper from half way through? Looks amazing xx
Gabs, I eat spinach with every meal and its so easy. If you chuck it in an omelette, a smoothie, soup, pasta you can't really taste it and it's a good way of getting extra iron. Just a tip :)
Number 7 on trending!💓
Your so pretty.
10 on trendinggggg
ERM GABBY WHAT ABOUT SHAGGY AND SCOOBY HOW RUDE
Love ur lip colour
#7 on trending right now💁🏻
💕💕💕💕💕💕
Gabby do you have depression? Mono? Fibromyalgia? Off thyroid levels?
Shopie Louise and gabby colab 💕💕💕😄😄
Love it gabby x
GLAMBITION OFMBABAHDHD
23 minutes.. YES
Hope you feel better soon gabbie ❤️xx
FAVVVV VLOGS!!!🙌🏽🙌🏽🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
Your vlogs are my favourite thing😍
feel better soon....
WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMENDED?!
This bitch looks like she would be dirty
Cream doesn't have lactose in it so the spinach is probably fine as usually it's the lactose in dairy that people react to. My mum doesn't eat/drink dairy but she does have a bit of cream sometimes x
NO HATE but that bookcase looks like IKEA for 20 bucks
Gabs lovely don't feel like you have to vlog/ make videos all the time if you feel awful and exhausted, if you take a week off everyone will understand, please don't strain yourself for us we just care about you and want you to be okay ♥️♥️
Personally I don’t think it’s fair that you get to have two of the cutest cats ever 😍
Bloody love Sophie Louise , so glad she's beginning to get noticed a lot more 😊💕
GABB HELP I NEED TO FIND A GOLD CABINET WHERE IS YOURS FROM? THANKS ILY (Lol despriate)
All those stairs! I'd be dead.
#7 TRENDING!! YES GABS
How much was your stool gabs? xxxx
This is trending gab❤
This is the only song that can make me cry. ❤️
My girl is Perfect💖
I'm feeling LOVE much more upon hearing this song💕💕💕😍😍😍
So now #Taylor is schooling you how to make good songs
Because this song is just PER.... I'm not gonna say it, but because i found the song very beautiful in that matter, i thought it'd be great to make a cover out of it.\nSo please check it out and subscribe as it'll help the channel grow:\nhttps://youtu.be/OcvPsZTfGxI
Finally, a decent single. It's been a while, your recent stuff wasn't catchy, genuine, or it was just too mainstream.
Like this if you’re ugly and no gf
This song is perfect!❤️
Love it!!!
i m crazy cause this song
Who's watching this on youtube
I need to thank my bro for letting me listen to this
How does Ed's songs just get cuter and more adorable?!!
Please help us get to 100 subs
When I first heard this, I was literally dancing with my sweetheart in my living room. I looked at her and said this is going to be our first dance song. Cause this song unbelievably describes to the last detail. She is my best friend, my very reason, and why I look forward to tomorrow. Cause it means that we are that much closer to being husband and wife. October 13 2018 can't get here soon enough.
So I'm back in my bag😭
The only problem with this song is that😡😡\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\nIt ends😅😂
This is not like shape of u and i fkn like it this is more like smoth song (sry forn My bad english tho XD)
If I do a cover of this song, it would be perfect.
And I'm here single missing my crush 😑
*I'm so happy this is Ed's next single. I mean all his songs are amazing, but this one is my favorite off his album and I can't wait to see what he ends up doing for the music video. We just covered Ed's songs Shape Of You and Perfecton my channel, hope you will watch them*
Who is here before 100 million?
I will sing this to her today ❤️
really good song, it can be downloaded right here: http://quainator.com/4Gi
the two things that this is causing me are:\n\n     -extreme fangirling/feeling proud for my gingeh boi\n     -thinking about my crush and getting goosebumps
Plays at this my wedding.\n*_Please_*
I'm literally crying..  😭😭😭\nperfect lyrics...
Who thinking that it's best song ever...
Much love From morocco
This. Song. Is. Amazing.
I need to play this at my wedding
4:14 hit like if you thought that this ringtone was related to DOREAMON       😍😍😘😘😎😎
all stand up for the new wedding anthem
I decided to listen to this after I got rejected it wasn’t a good idea
I'm literally crying of how beautiful this sing is .... this is so going to be one of my wedding songs
I wish there more than just liking,subbing and having notifications on because this song deserves more it is perfect
Why you always like that! 😢Even thought a have no boyfriend..its hurts.. 😭😁
When you fantasize being with that one person and slow dancing with them to this song.
Nice song, nice video concept. I hope the official music video will be released soon
SUBSCRIBE - GET FILTHY RICH FAST\nLIKE - GET $10,000 PER MONTH\nREPLY - GET $5,000 PER MONTH\nIGNORE - GET POOR FOR LIFE!
I am patiently waiting for the one who will give me my first dance in this song.
We are so lucky that we still have some artist such as ed Sheeran etc. most songs these days are rappers saying random shit!
learn to play this song on my piano😢😍😂
ED!! YOU HAVE NO IDEA THE POWER OF YOUR SONGS!! LOVE YOU!
perfect song for my wedding soon😊
My brother danced to this song at his wedding. Thanks Ed. What a Perfect song ❤️
Who is here before 100m
I sang this to my crush and now we're dating thanks Ed Sheeran your great 😀😀
ed sheerean is such a genius songwriter. i adore his music so much, especially this one. ive been repeating this video over and over again.
Such an amazing talent... Thank you for this song Ed Sheeran
This song makes my heart melt and I dont know why?????
Super hit...
what a song👏👏
Wonderful song  👍😘❤
Super .....song  ....😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘...i love u Ra ...potti...
This was perfect
Awesome 😘😘😘😘
❤️
iam gone kill replay button everyday
Just Amazing.
perfect...for a love story...
Perfect music 😱😍😍❤️😘😘
Fucking loving song..
❤💙💚💛💜
Good.
yeah , same
Good
I needed this
😭😭😞😢
❤❤❤❤
@lovemeg
I cried
:'(
Huwow... Fave song
Replay button here 👇\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n\nYou're welcome 😊
Youre perfect tonight
I feel sad now):
JESUS IS Lord
PERFECTION!
Perfect
singing to my nonexistent boyfriend
LOVE,LOVE,LOVE THIS❣❣❣
@ Ava Mack
2018 anyone?
Amazing 😭
🌸😘😘😘
I cried.  I'm not ashamed
Addicted ❤️😭
so beautiful😍😍
Perfect wedding song! <3
Perfect for wedding ❣
Darling you look perfect tonight.
Beatiful song!!♥♪♪
Any feminist faggots here?
I have watched this about 10 times in the past 2 days.
'Favourite'
I suggest ed sheeran should post something in his facebook and ask his fan their love experiances. And make love song from that. Because he so gifted.
who is here before a million views of the audio version/
THIS GUY IS GAYYYY. My friend told me he sucked his dick and that he came all over his new silk sheets and then just laughed and didn't even have the common decency to grab him a beer from the fridge.
how many girls does ed sheeran get cause its all his songs about girls???
The ball didn't touch the floor from the goal kick to when it went in the back of the net - superb stuff City!
I never thought that anything Cardiff City related would make it onto trending. Come on BlueBirds!!!🔵🐦
Holy shitballs how the actual fuck is this trending
HAHA CLASS!
Brill game boys Leeds Tuesday come on city 👍
Sunderland where they belong.
look at the kid at 1:33
Trending... 805 views?
How is this trending
Good game basically top need more goals , zohore isn't doing much though and need to bring more fans 643 is a lot but need hitting 900+
Well done Cardiff
#5 on trending \ngood job
If tom edited this and made it cinematic it would rack in more views 🤑🤑
I've missed Tucker
#7 on trending?\n\nWHOOOP WHOOOP.
Tom this vid got to #6 trending
Hey your 6th on trending
Why on trending it has less views than the amount of subs he has
This vid is trending :)
kyoto is better than tokyo for sightseeing
TOM! Dont use the rocky type of sand, buy the clumping kind. Personal experience tells me they dont like the other one
While in Japan, you have to try A1 Kobe Beef - you will not regret it!
Yeahh your trending, fully deserved
Who the fuck is this twat? & why is this video trending??!!!!!
He doesnt love steve anymore
Number6 trending boyzz
Why is this on trending 😂
Is it just me who had no idea gurdians of the galaxy vol 2 was already released? >0<
king arthur was so shit
Wow, we haven't seen him since episode 3.
6 trending
Love yaa
ENGLANDS MY CITY
He has the same hoodie as meeeeeee!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
You needed the lamb sauce with that sausage.
What car did tony have
omgggggg the cat catch hahahahaha such a D A D !!!!!!!!
Got a television on the door it's advertisement
Your number 6th on trending
He remember Ron's watch?
I fell like you forgot to blur the number plate
Japan is 13 hours ahead 4 mr
I MADE IT TO THE COMMENTS!
Syncicate i live in romiley lol
I love FE!
Anyone noticed how soon as tom cut swearing from his vlogs hes now trending pretty much every vlog.. tbh if thats the case its well worth it
Bakkaaa omai..!!
when you get on a plane do you warn your seatmates hey I'm going to be filming myself?
Tom my dude 😎
I hope u get nuked by rocket man
hell yeah tom!
I LIVE IN TOKYO!!
episode 3.
It's Mr. Willy Boner!!!!!
nice your on trending
Oooooooooooo mate
Ffs me and a lot of people thought u meant Tokyo world festival
syndy I think you should make a modded optic
Yaaas the boys are back together!
I'm in Japan!!!!!!! (Kyoto)
I just read your PO box.\nYoU lIvE iN hYdE?!? i LiVe In OlDhAm
you need to go to Hawaii with Rons watch. then fly to LA for a while
It's weird to see tom not wearing razer headphones, nice switch to beats though
Tom try getting another litter tray sometimes cats don't like to share
The event is in Birmingham in Coventry?  You do realise Birmingham isn't Coventry and vice versa.
#5 on trending
Still trending Tom, well done
#6 on trending list!! Wow
TECKER!!
Tom! Come visit Okinawa while in Japan! Man would be great to finally be able to meet you.
I used to live in Japan and I feel like I'm going to have such nostalgia from watching this.
Maybe try adding a litter tray next to the sofa?
Tom...Bring Rons watch to South Africa
Sponsored by nestcam
Damn number 9 on trending , congrats! <3
Great vlog the sausage looked horrible but it was hilarious let’s get this adventure started👍👌😎
I love the vlogs but could you stop putting the cats in every few minutes it just gets annoying
Literally I was Sat to the right of you and the television crew we interviewing someone behind me vista's osaka
needs headphones, buys beats..... very niceee
Buy another litterbox and see if that changes anything.\nI have 2 cats and 1 of them wouldnt poo/pee in a certain litterbox bc her sister uses it. so idk that might help
North koreas gonna bomb the shit out of you
Why tf am i seeing so much hate rn?😂
I was searching how to use tokyo subways, then I check to see whats trending and saw this, coincidence!!
Wait I would feel really akward talking to a phone day next to someone
5# trending WTF
Good for you!
Congrats on being 6th on trending
I hope the 1% that reads this will follow their dreams. My dream is to become a successful Youtuber
Please don’t do that, it’s nasty.
Are we going to ignore that he said he forgot his headphones and then is wearing beats a few cuts later😂😂😂
HOW ABOUT RONS WATCH nvm
Come to Finland!
Waaaaooo
Did anyone else see the cat at 50 sec into the vid XD
I can be your hero baby i can kiss away the pain oh yeah
You look so much like James Franco in the caption!!
Well.........you can certainly tell the videos trending, the influx of idiotic trolls is off the charts. I would say ignore them, but you likely already do.
Whats the chances of me being in bruxelles airbport 2 hours before you and leaving when you arrive.... :(
Welcome to Asia Tom. :) Come to Singapore you will love the food here
I would love to visit Japan. You gotta take me with you one day Tom 😜
Can u plz bring out more of the stealth hoodies plz I want it
What a pointless video.
The title would be more impressive if you had to fight ninjas to get there but OK
Warning. YouTube has an infestation of overpaid retards. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
I've never watched one of this guy's videos before but he clearly has some deep rooted mental issues.. The mofo is crazy
I would fuck your mum
Complete tit !
Dude a drippy sausage? You deffo need to get a cream for that.
9 on trending. Come onnnn!
Just give that cat a mild beating :/ Cats are dicks and so you also have to be one from time to time.
Comment deleting prick
Vai, Paulinho!
Victoria a medio gas y líderes! Força Barça!
Visca \n Barça
A pesar del gol en propia puerta, partidazo de Gorka Iraizoz
QUE GRANDE ES MI BARÇA! #LIDERES
😂😂😂😂 *2 Own Goals Free Gifted Goals to Barcelona Lol* 😂😂😂😂 *_#EpicMatch_*
Que bien es estuvo Alex Vidal 💪💪💪
Cadê os BR DOMINANDO SAPORRA
Fiesta del independentismo, que bien se lo pasarían toda esta gentuza, fue el Puigdemont, la forcadell y todos estos.
VISCA BARCA 💙❤💙
Y se burlaban de la goleada del barça en el estadi del sporting y ahora que decís ??? Verdad que es complicado ??
Barça rumo ao título temor da 17/18😉
Barca
Vale que se dejen ganar por el Barça, pero que se metan los goles ya es demasiado descarado.
Visca Barça 😉❤
Que bien Barcelona. Visca Barca.
VISCA EL BARCA y VISCA EL CATALUNYA!
Cataluña es España hay que dejar las estaladas en casa el día de partido o podéis ir s jugar en la liga catalana
Why this match felt so boring
El FC Barcelona volverá a GANARLO TODO... #tercertriplete en camino!!!
GREAT~!
ちんKは痛い
y ese guero  caga leche que sebe muy retrasado mental para hablar del fútbol y del barca be alo  Tullo joto a tomarte fotos parando la trompa y vestido de marica puta ardilla de mierda
https://chat.whatsapp.com/LESwPWcTf8NB33zlWJltHc
the great Barcelona
Barcelona najbolji klub
bajos barsa
Indians
Messi jogou nada.
Muy bueno Ter Stegen
1:06 autogol de Gorka I.
VISCA BARCA❤💙
Aquiiii é BR mano 😎🙅
por siempre barça 😍😍😍
Visca Barça🇪🇸💯
like
FCB 17/18 ▶️ 1.° en LaLiga (18 Pts.)\n........................................................\n▶ [MS] Total de goles: *14*\n👤Messi: *12* | Supercopa (1), Liga (9), Champions (2)\n👤Suárez: *2* | Liga (2)\n.........................................................\n#BarçaDelAlma❤
barça eres grande
Gilipollas!!!!
Plazacamacho .Cual es la Mejor Antena en HD .TDA .con menos Asesorios
MESSI MELHOR DO MUNDO!!!
Goles que no haces goles que te hacen girona
free catalunya
0:39 autogol
Movitar .4G tiene Precio.Y Es para TODOS .Para Ricos Y Pobres .Por Ley . igualdad General
Como veían que el Barsa no marcaba tuvieron que meterse en propia.
A la liga catalana,cerdos!!.
A7\n\nCHAMPIONS :p
Que nervioso se puso Suárez al definir...  es un crack!!!
L. Suarez es buenisimo! un fuera de serie.
Mi barcita te amooo😍 equipon
Lamentable Iraizoz
EL REINO DE LOS CIELOS SE HA ACERCADO, NUESTRO REY Y SEÑOR JESUS CRISTO REGRESA, ARREPIENTANSE DEL..,, PECADO Y CAMBIEN DE DIRECCIÓN SUS VIDAS\nTHE KINGDOM OF HEAVENS IS CLOSER, OUR KING AND LORD JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY OF LIVING,,,..
El girona es una m*erda de club , con una afición de m*erda,  con una historia  ...pues mas de m*erda todavia ...  que solo el city hará mantenerse en primera bastante$ años . Ojalá  pronto retornen a primera división  equipos históricos como el racing , el recre , el Zaragoza , y  hasta el Valladolid y el Oviedo . Sin contar que les tenga una odio inmenso hacia los dos últimos ...No hace falta mencionar al REAL SPORTING DE GIJÓN , que con 42 campañas en la élite ,15a posición en el ranking histórico y 24.400 abonados en segunda división , sobran las palabras . Yo no puedo hacer que mi equipo este en Europa o gane títulos ...( ni siquiera puedo hacer que se vayan los cerdos que nos han llevado hasta aqui , los Fernández ) eso lo hacen los directivos , el cuerpo técnico y las plantillas ... bueno y el dinero... pero lo que si puede hacer un aficionado como yo , es decir con la cabeza bien alta que estoy orgulloso de formar parte de la mejor , mas fiel y mas INCONDICIONAL aficion de España , la del REAL SPORTING DE GIJÓN . podrian ser honraos y cambiarse el nombre a city b o girona city cagon la virgen ,  aparte de dejar de intentar ensuciar la imagen de mi club , junto otros  clubes m*erda  , insinuando que amañamos partidos cuando estuvimos sin fichar y a punto de desaparecer por inmensas deudas , lógicamente al no saber aceptar que has subido o has descendido de manera consecuente a tus actos , e insinuando también , como no , que el CD LUGO debería haberse dejado ganar para subir vosotros . Nada joder,  que P*TA GIRONA !!!
hala barca
QUE GRANDE ES MI BARÇA! #LIDERES 🔵🔴
1:09 inteligente Suarez, hace el engaño de querer rematar
LA MEN TA BLE
Vamos que igual sois unos dioses por ganar a un recién ascendido marcandose dos goles en propia y perdiendo ellos solos el partido
damn who else cant get enough of Hova
RIP Chester Bennington!\nWe Love LP and Jay Z!
Jay-Z, FULL RESPECT to you!\n\nI love Chester, Linkin Park was my life. I feel so bad.\nThank you so much!\n\nPeace!
This has been a go to song for me for a good portion of my life, now it's sticking for good.
The moment I heard Chester's voice, it gave me chills. I still miss him.
I knew Jay would do something for Chester 😢. RIP
I wish pro players would have respect for their country like J has for Chester. #NFL/MLB/NBA traitors!
This never gets old
This guy is so legendary
Getting a bit old for this now is he not
So much respect for JAY-Z for doing this.
Jay Z a real one for ror doing this. Much respect.
Amazing jay-z rappin again how old is he now 60 or something maybe he should team up with Madonna and shakin Stevens make some bad ass album hahaha
This dude is who Beyoncé married and had children with?? Clearly I need to get money ASAP
So grateful for the music Chester gave us.
Rest in peace brother.
Who you know fresher than HOV? riddle me that The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at Can't none of y'all mirror me back Yeah, hearin' me rap its like G Rap in his prime I'm Young H.O., raps Grateful dead Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I still cannot believe he has gone. #fuckdepression
What is jay z doing in uk
mad respect to jay z right now it was a good tribute
Wish I could like this ten times over
right in the feels
Thanks for this one, Jay
what shirt is jay wearing
Up until now i though t Chester's name was Linkin park R.I.P ❤
Beautiful.
Thank you Jay Z
Chester 🤘🙏
Chester 🌹
I love it ❤️
Class act.
Ty for this
Awesome
RIP Chester
Encore for Chester ❤️🙏🏼❤️
RIP CHESTER❤️
Rip chester
Sad nigga hours.
Gave me goosebumps...
legendary
Sem palavras, totalmente desconcertado. RIP #CHAZYCHAZ
So much emotion ❤️
#ripchesterbennington
Amazing!
Goosebumps
the fact that this has only 650k view but bhad bhaddie has 7million is telling as to how bad the music scene has got
It must be tough for Jay Z to perform this. Very emotional. R.I.P to Chester, a legend always.
RIP CHESTER You sure gonna be miss .. I’m gonna make some tshirts for charity @fadxstyles
It'd have been nicer if he had added something to Chester's vocals, or even just been quiet for a minute.\n\nI'm sure Jay had genuine feelings for Chester and is articulate enough to express them better than by just saying yeah.
Jay-Z has become so black, he can't see himself
Genuinely struggling to hold back the tears listening to this.
Massive song and a great tribute to Chester
No real drums what on earth
Pathetic..  I hate these kind of musicians i mean he just speaks..  That's all yeah yeah yeah , sooooo creative
Jay looked like he was really performing with Chester on stage, it's so fckin sad. I'm happy Chester is at peace now but how can anyone not miss him.
I remember being a kid, elementary school age, the first time I saw these two perform in a colab :(
i want that shirt
This will never get old! I will be rhyming this of my tongue in my 70's!!!
Never gets old. The good old days
Chester u will always remain in our hearts :)
maaaan....he has put all his heart and soul in this one...what a legend #Respect
Who's cutting the goddamn onions. Please stop..
I'm not gonna cry. I'm not gonna cry. I'M NOT GONN... damn it.
You can see his tears'(
Reminds me of the good old days
I will remember this year as a Biggest lose of Music industry . he will be stay inspiration for me .
He went all out ❤️ RIP Chester!!
Anyone know where I can get that t shirt?
❤️❤️Check out my singing cover of if I were a boy please ❤️❤️
Hey, I know every musician does these comments, hoping to get somewhere, and I also am an aspiring musician and songwriter. I’ve recently put my own material on YouTube, so please have a listen and let me know what you think! I’m not doing it for the fame, I’m just a musician hoping to share his opinions through an art form and hoping to get better. ~ Ben
Couldn't hold back the tears. Rest Easy Chester
Phenomenal doesn't even cover it... utterly moving performance
Amazing !
Great song
The best there is, the best there was, the best there ever will be.
RIP chills
Beautiful ❤️
maddd Respect to jay z
Real music #TheGOAT #NuffSaid
shivers
best colabs ever .... 🙌
fuck jay z lol
Amazing rip Chester <3
this makes me sad
passion and guilt
3:01 Kanye or Jay?
Chestee 😔
Mad respect ✌
Emphasis account truth portfolio quiet short proposed view install
So wrong
Dope...Jay.
Well done Jay-Z...dammit Chester....
I love u Jay Z 😍😍😍😍😚😙
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
#RESPECT TO JAY Z
Garbage
Cashing in on Chester's death while using his song. smh
If i get 1000 likes my mum\nWill buy me a pizza
Respect Jigga
*LYRICS*
HI BICH(es)👋🏻🚨- 🐴🀆🗯💀STREAM HI BICH now at https://Atlantic.lnk.to/hibich 🏁
Her mom failed as a parent. As a result, she created a spoil, delinquent girl.
Damn, she's slaying. she made something of herself while only being 14, girl has a brighter future than I'll ever have.
do you think god stays in heaven because he lives in fear of what he created
Nothing left to see in this world now
This is what happens when someone hears a pump song and says I can do that....
Catch me outside how about that yeah catch her outside with a LBC in her mouth she like that
I don't find this bad....?😂✌💓
We have strayed too far from God's light..all hope for humanity is lost
I would like to place the blame on Dr. Phil and Iggy Azelia
Can Kim Jong Un just nuke us already
DOES SHE HAVE ANY OTHER LYRICS?
Wow you can't spell for shit. Can barely talk.. stay on school
She looks like a little girl playing dress up
She made dr Phil famous
What the hell is she saying??? Stay in school kids!
So like, is having terrible grammar the new trend nowadays?
She is so pretty
This song is lit and also the bass in it
go to school you brocoli
Damn Danielle loving the song and looking like a boss
That “Hi Bitch🙃” part goes in
You look even more beautiful AF IN THAT WHITE DRESSS GIRLLL
When you listen to migos once
this went hard... i can't even lie...
This is actually pretty decent cause think if you tried to make a song it would sound like a dying llama singing
Wtf and I can't get sign
Both Songs are lit. My respect for that. Keep doing your thing. Its entertaining 👍
this is trash. go listen to Uma Komptons diss track “cash me outside”
U should consider keeping subtitles cuz I don't understand anything
Still waiting for her to drop the english version 😒
Let this sink in think if 21 had this beat
14 years old \nGirl get out of here \nNo one cares about your song\n🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
the subtitles cant understand her either
The beat is lit tho
First video I've ever disliked on YouTube :)
Anyone else came form Comdyshortgames Diss track on her
Mah god this is so bad...how can u be so bad?
What is this about?
What even is this😂😂😂😂
I am glad I don't know about it.
it's hella cringe when she talks in that accent at the rollie part
She trying to hard to sound like migos
The way she says 'hi bich' reminds me of a three year old.
This is so bad lol.
I just listen to it because of all of the views and I was expecting that it was going to be bullshit but I was surprised at how she knows how to keep Abby and how to flow and when the flow in between Beats
okay but she needs to stop glorifying trap house and shit. she has all of this money because she was disrespectful to her mom shes like 10 okay she hasnt seen hardships or anything and lifes gonna hit her real hard. she aint ever seen a trap house bc she always had a good life thats why shes such a brat just now shes richer and an even bigger spoiled brat but lets glorify her for not having any experience but for playing dress up as a bad bit h that she will never be 😂😂
Just when you thought full blown AIDS was bad, you come across this.
She is like stefanie scott
Cash me inside that box
After watching this I feel the world needed to end on saturday. For the sake of humanity!!!!!
Ik it's the trend to hate on her but this isn't bad she got famous for no reason and is using it to try to do something. For a teen this is fine she still has alot of growing to do anyway
I KNOW YOU READ THIS GIVE ME A LIKE
Hot trash, just as expected
She's not typing in style \nShe really doesn't know how to type
Two good beats wasted. (A moment of silence please)
imagine having to explain this video to someone in 1970s
She looks pretty in that make up and that dress
What is this? why 8+ million views, don't people have anything else to watch or are we really this dumbed down, I came here via A call for an uprising, he was absolutely right... what ... kind of nonsense is this.....
These songs sound exactly  like if you gave a self-deluded middle schooler attention and a rap career
I like the feature of judge judy
whachu actually know how to spell bhad bhabie .... go to school lol
She be moving like Mandem
She looks so poor.
Wow this is amazingly shit !
14?
i fux with it
She's 13 ?
Shits hard
Why
😑
keep making sandwiches not beats
Danielle inspired me so much 😍😍 love you bhad bhabie!!
made it on trending :)
Banchod itnaa tatti gana..fuduu
I like them lol
poor horse
0:58
Stop making stupid people famous.
Boring beat\nWack flow\nSuperficial lyrics\nCringey video\n10/10 would not watch again
I need more
TRASH.
This shit is wack!
Thats good!
Yikes
ecksdeee
Underage trashy ghetto whore
I like this
Serious resemblance to bg media😂
HONESTLY such heat.
YOOO DEJI GRILLED YOU
WHACHU KNOW BOUT IT
Oof.
BARS‼️💯
cringe
Wtf is that??😷
yuck.
Pass
She needs a arabic mom.
While I was watching this video... I started to think of Kodak yellow for some reason
Doesn't TFL realise their affecting the Uber drivers and their families. Just wait till the unemployment rate go up.
good riddance, london taxi drivers actually have to memorize maps to get the job\nthey shouldnt have to lose their job to some neckbeard landwhale soccer mom who wants some extra cash to buy herself mcDs.
I kinda feel bad for some of the uber drivers that were in my service but I'm also glad black cab drivers are going to have more of their business back
Uber is a fraud, a con, a scam and tries to suck and blow at the same time.  Dump this junk.  Only the driver and no one else should profit from rides.  Ubers software can be bought for $700 and replicate anything they do. There is no magic in matching a driver with a passenger.
What makes me laugh is all the comments like will have to get black cabs now who rip everybody off etc, none of the people making these comments have ever used black cabs before uber and wont after uber is gone so give it a rest, have you never heard of a minicab office? uber have only been in london a few years what do you think Londoners was doing before uber? minicab offices and black cabs were coexisting peacefully before uber arrived in it will just go back to that, another thing about 40,000 uber drivers face unemployment no they dont they will simply return back to the minicab offices and work from there. Believe it or not black cabs are actually fairly priced you would know this if you ever used them. Iv used both black cabs and minicabs and i support both, the only difference is a black cab driver is a fully qualified taxi driver and knows exactly were there going and the quickest way to get you there i got quoted £15 to go to my local hospital by a minicab firm and a black cab got me there for £14 at 3 in the morning. Theres many apps out there that you can download such as gett fixed taxi fares and alot more. P.S its not the end of the world.
But islam is not a fit & proper religion
I think the tlf need to take a look in the mirror.
I liked Uber! Cheaper, better customer service and more accessible than other services AHEM black cabs. This is unfair! I hope they win the appeal!
Got an uber ad before this vid, no one in India uses uber tho, we use our regional travelling services, and OLA, which is basically Indian UBER, but without any controversies.
Transport for london is experiencing massive losses so they basically decided to give Uber the big finger so everyone would run back to black cabs busses and trains. Really ... great work well done! 😒😒😒😒😒 one more annoyed Londoner
always showing the nice part of london( central london )  when in reality looks like a dump
I agree with TFL that they should be up to a standard set. But don’t want to see uber go, as it’s the most reasonable transport on a night out
Comunist propaganda media BBC is happy that London dropped the license for Uber, what a surprise...
Peng Ting Call Maddison Come Jump In My Addison Lee, Because you can’t take Uber
Damnit I’ll be in London next month
fuck you england you pig ass country. you're bullshitting. you just want to exploit people for cash the same way uber does. black cab drivers can sexually assault as well.
Now the can work in supermarkets  they need trolley man's?
Comply or confiscate 10% of the company. Next non compliance take 30% of the company. Next non-compliance take 50% of the company and send in government representatives to work on their board. First job to sack the CEO.
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
Tfl just mad that they’ve not making enough ££ due to Uber being cheaper and more efficient. Just get better cabs and better rail service and you won’t be hated by the consumer...
There's both good and bad to this
The public transport (tube and buses) in London has to be buffed then, Uber was great for saving money but not great for emissions, if they can improve public transport then its a win win unless you're an uber driver
Losing too much money from cabs. Simple as that.
Good job by TFL...Uber do not play by the rules...It's a matter of preference though , some people like to be driven round on the cheap by a third world muslim sex offender who could not drive a carrot up a bulls arse and has not got proper hire and reward insurance , and some of us do not..
So the reason we can't have the cheap uber option is so we can protect expensive black cabs?
Wait, we are the customers, why can't we do something about this? Theresa May kill TFL off now. Why do we even need this stupid agency? If there's a problem with the company, get a class action lawsuit (that is ALL you need, and some investigators - THAT'S IT), if the company is surcharging somehow or abusing its power, then do the same - prohibiting somebody is just screwing the rest of us while the black cabbies get to charge us through the roof because they don't want to actually work for their money.
Feel sorry for the diver this happened is Austin and lots lost there jobs
uber got 20 million customers and 800k drivers and staff but their petition signed by 300k .
Islamic migrant uber drives rape and assault woman.  I think we know what the real problem is.
Most uber drivers are poor migrants from eastern europe and middle east, it makes sense to ban Uber so locals can do traditional cab jobs for higher pay.\n\nThis also reduce the number of jobs in that sector so the migrant workers can go back to their own country.
Boo hoo. A tax dodging company with a multi-millionaire at the helm doesn't get the rub of the green for once.\nPersonally, I'd love to see them go out of business. They're basically a loan shark company. If you want to be a cab driver, apply for a licence, learn the knowledge and be a proper cab driver.
Fuck black cabs they over charge and con customers that's why people use uber because they are cheaper plus tfl say that black cabs are safer but there has been more sexual assaults by Cab/taxi drivers over the years and they say black cabs are safer my arse they are just as bad as each other
I don't get this.....someone plz explain
Uber had 32 allegations of sexual assault or rape, but there were 122 allegations of sexual assault and rape against black cab and other taxi companies in the UK last year. Why are they not renewing black cab's license? It's all about big money and influence. Black cab transports the Royal family staff and the owner has friends in high places. They're shutting down black cab's competitor, uber,  which is unfair trading practices and goes against free market principles. Competition helps the consumer by offering them lower prices.
Weirdos taxing strangers... was bound to fail.. i bet the drivers are all foreigners and rapists
Uber will stay and will win in the court! But the drivers will loose their jobs by 2020, once Uber introduces self driving cars.
London is shit anyways been twice it sucks. Better cities to visit in the UK.
if someone wants to pay another person to drive them somewhere that is their right, why does government have to get involved
Good. Protect black cabs.\n\nAnd feck the BBC - fake newsters.
I haven't used uber, but when sexual assault happens by drivers & they make it difficult for the government. Of course they would be banned. It's uber's fault
Get a bike! I Lived 5 years in London, never needed anything else.
Now people are going to jump into fake taxi by accident 😂😂😭😭
Lyft still is in London
From what I have seen on video it was the Muslim drivers? Is this bias news ignoring the problem or not?
Seems like Britains self grown black Cab service was going out of busssiness cuz of Uber so they had to do suttin about it 🤷🏽‍♀️
Omg 😂  someone said '*how do I get around now?!! If I have to get a normal taxi I'm going throw a fit!!!*'  😂😂😂    I think that was a real person  😂
Black cabs > Uber\n\nOnly cheap tarts who are desperate to be raped use uber
What are the ex Rotherham taxi drivers going to do now for their pleasure.
Black cabs are overpriced. I've used one once and plan to never use one again.
Black cabs in London are WAYYYY too expensive and this smacks of a powerful lobby at work against passengers best interests.
I don't care London isn't even in Britain anymore
True cost of cheap price. Corporations that cut corners and do not abide by the law should be and must be punished.
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
What about every single taxi driver cheating on mileage by taking their cars to cousin and make a 120000 miles disappear from the clock - every single one!!!!!!
luckily there is other company's that are cheap, £10 for a ride so...it's not that bad
Excellent Brexit now uber. Its a big v from the British to capitalism. Can't be brought by money any more. The dog is finally wagging its tail and not the other way round
😊one very happy black cabby , who is looking forward to higher earnings now that uber have been given the shoulder
Bloody good job too. TFL please DO NOT back down. These parasites don't need to do the knowledge, they have just walked in on a market and they think that's fine, well sunshiners it bloody aint. Too many complaints about them.
I like how EVERYONE is bashing on TFL for taking precautions over people's safety, I wonder how you'd feel if you got sexually assaulted and Uber never did anything to help or support you. Yes it's an inconvenience to you guys, but where there's money to be made someone else will pop up.
I'm too sure why people are so annoyed, if Uber hadn't been cutting corners for years they wouldn't be in this situation
As a Londoner, I NEVER use the expensive Black Cabs. Fuck TFL always increasing their fares also & Uber must be allowed to operate
From ex Uber driver: GREAT DECISION.  UBER TREAT THEIR EMPLOYEES LIKE SHIT.
Isn't is funny how I got and uber ad before this lol
In London I've seen multiple times Uber drivers and black cab drivers talking to each other having a chat. And they both get the same amount of costumers. I just don't see the problem. Uber isn't even that big in London
My dad's an uber driver and he's working so many hours 6 days a week because we need the money . We're already struggling but I'm just scared about how he's gonna cope now . He's been trying for Addison Lee but it's hard
Let the public decide whether Uber is a responsible corporation not tfl who coincidentally will make more money from this...
What does this mean then... can we not use uber in london anymore
Serial users of the app shouldn't fret As a serial rapist I am glad to be able to continue operating.
Why anybody would want to live in London I do not know.
Uber was a disgrace good riddance
Uber is shit. Good riddance
Good
Haha FUCK UBBER
Well Shit
https://youtu.be/eTLf6mac5fo acid attack Stratford
Addison Lee must be delighted
Fuck off!!! Wtf?!
http://trumperssnewsfeed.com/index.php/2017/09/23/antifa-website-planning-nationwide-anarchy-on-november-4th-is-your-city-on-the-list-video/
Love it
Fuck uber
BBC FAKE NEWS
Good
Fake taxi?
Yes hahahahahaha
Uber rapes
Great news.
Dear Uber, ha haha haha 😂😂😂
R.i.P uber
Fuck Khan and TfL and blacks
What a joke.
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
If the people over in the UK want to ride in uber taxis, they should be free to do so. If the women fear being raped by an uber driver, they will stop using their services and uber will go out of business due to lack of customers. From what I understand, there are actually less rapes and sexual assaults reported against uber drivers than there are with your black cab drivers. This shows it's all about money and power. Apparently the owner of black cab has influence with the government to shut down his competition that is offering a service at a lower price.
In all honesty as a young person I hate this. Every other taxi service in England costs an absolute fortune especially on a Friday Saturday night out Uber has saved me countless times both financially and in emergencies calling regular taxis takes too long for them to arrive and they charge double what uber would charge I have lived in London all my life and the city is going down the toilet
a step backwards for london
Uber is the wild west of taxi cabbing
Someone at TFL just got a big brown envelope from the unions running the black cabs that rip us all off for double the price of UBER. So a win for the unions and the little guy gets F%$&ed again! :( and they wonder why the average guy thinks that organisations like TFL are just out of touch!
You couldnt pay me to go to London
Surely no-one can possibly gain that much power to send 40,000 people into unemployment in such short notice!
So Uber are paying Youtube to put these stories on trending? There's 3 of them, come on. This really isn't a big deal. \nI would say it ucks for the immigrant Uber driver, cuz they will have to go back maybe but to be fair London seems a seperate community to the rest of England so maybe they can stay and just claim benefits like their wives probably do. \nLet's hope this gets sorted out, we wnt peoplpe from wherever working
Hysteria! All Uber has to do is to act like a legitimate conscientious company and do a proper  background check upon  its drivers -- for safeties sake; and all returns to normal.
*What was your favourite of these 10 amazing goals? Let me know in the comments!*\nFollow me on *Facebook* where I post my old videos that have disappeared from YouTube! https://www.facebook.com/LilWizProductions
Where is Emre Can's overhead?
The Giroud goal has to win it for me.
I'm just imagining internet going full troll and the trophy going to 2:49 chick goal
Definitely the gk scoring double kick at the end of the game
Giroud and Masaluke.  Amazing goals this year, though.
gotta love that volleying back a goal kick from your own half
Has to be giroud! The counter attack, the back heel in the build up, the SCORPION 🦂
Man these girls just love FootBall \nHERE http://bit.ly/2wbJphB
Jesus you didn't need to show the goals 15 times
Why there is Matic goal? Great goal but not special.
boateng or the goalkeepers is the best
Is this over the top shouting goal for as long as possible commentating supposed to be funny or something? Just seems incredibly obnoxious to me...glad we dont have that in the prem
Can i watch the first goal 7 times more please?? holy shit
hurtado goal was beyond fucked what the hell
Did not know 16 year old girls could kick that far
For me It has to be giroud
I'm only one goal in but wow...
Boateng's is the best, but I want to see Dembele win 💚
Mate, you don't know how to make a bad football video, I love the emphasis on the commentary.
29 replays later
Aviles hurtado👍
Matic
Wtf that girl amazing stunning the goalkeeper
Dembele
Amazing so much choices
Either boateng or mandzukic for me
swear that chilliean teamis always scoring long rangers.They at high altitude or something?
Giroud's goal is the best but Fifa will never give it to him cos the bumlick La liga.
How many times you gotta relay the same goal :/:/:/
Guys do you think so hit like if girouds goal was better and dislike if mkhitaryan's was better
Steven Gerrard has won this one for me
if you change Mandzukic goal's commentary to Tony Jones...
It's gotta be Mandzukic, but so many wonderful goals. Thanks for the compilation!
Would help if it showed the full Dembele goal. Every player touched the ball including the goalkeeper there was at least 30 seconds of build up play missing.
how the fuck is there no messi goal??
That's a dislike
maticcc
Moussa Dembélé FTW
Reported
Any more replays?
Why is Mkhitaryan not nominated
Stop playing each clip for like 1 30 faggot
Gordon, why you apply your meat to your son's face?
What a great father
Take a shot every time Gordon says, a drizzle of olive oil.
Now we're going to season the seasoning with a little seasoning, then rub jacks cheeks in the Seasoned seasoning make it seasoned.
My dad never taught me anything....and he's a professor.
that moment when you're Gordon Ramsay's kid and have to pretend you know something about cooking
This kid seems like he is scared of his dad
Son: But I don't want to be a chef dad!!\nRamsay: You don't want to be a chef?! Have you seen your steaks? They're always FUCKIN RAW!!Son: Fuck you dad, I want to be an engineer! Ramsay: You little fuckin wanker!
I love the patience he show's his children when he Cook's it reminds me of my dad teaching me to use the grill when I was 9. He always made it fun.
Meanwhile on Earth 2.\n\nNice: Jack
This vid is so old
A touch of olive oil. \nThree bottles later done\nA pinch of salt \nFive bags later now season the seasoning
He's so sweet with his kids.  I love seeing dads spend quality time with their kids.  So important for the kids!
i wish me and my dad were like that 😞
GIVE ME SOME TURKEY TWIZZLERS ANY DAY,  COOKING TIME ZERO... DONE
white pple are so deranged.\ny'all take ANY SITUATION and figure out a way to sexualize\nit. I hope the earth rids itself of you parasites.
Has  a new me me been born
i fucking love this man, husband material, husband goals
Good luck finding beef cheeks in a grocery store. Seriously good luck. I tried this weekend. I don't have any butchers near me so I'm sol.
WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE?
Beef cheeks are EXPENSIVE..... and good luck finding some... lol....
Is he using a Dutch oven to cook it or just a regular pot
Gordon, why the fuck do you put olive oil in the pasta water?! Give one single reason
@GordonRamsay Never stop making these they are amazing. Your son is going to going to be a great cook someday in his own right. He'll be making dinner for you and family before you know it.
'like a solar still'.   \n\n\nUmm yeah sure I know what that is
Drizzle, little, mmmmm, beautiful, a touch of... 100% you’ll find at least one of these words in any Gordons video ^^
What can you use in place of wine? I know the alcohol cooks off but we are Muslim and my husband is more strict than myself about the no alcohol thing but I would love to try this recipe
It is just pure cringe when his kids act like they think it looks or tastes nice😂😂
5:36 You've just dribbled on your jumper I've never heard something so British in my life
“Lets season it” *adds salt and pepper* \n\n\n\n\n\nAND YOU CALL YOURSELF A GOOD CHEF?!
WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE!
I was waiting for him to bitch slap the nigga
Gordon: Jack your dog died\n\nJack: Nice.
That kid is gonna get so much pussy
Jesus he's so old
Call Jack a worthless fat fuck like you do every other cook that sucks balls like he does in the kitchen!
Gordon broke one rule he let jack let lick the spoon and he put it back in the thing
the difference between gordon with his kids and gordon in the OTHER tv shows.....\n XD
Beef Cheeks is what I call my fat wife.
0:45 when u smell da weed for da first time
Even though I really enjoy watching Gordon chew out random cooks its refreshing to see him having fun cooking with his son
N I C E\nI        C\nC       I\nE C I N
5:15 when you see your parents having... *the sex*
The shattered bodies, breast milk and bird’s eggs are NOT Food - they are VIOLENCE!\n\nViolence for our fellow Animals 🔪\nViolence for our planet 🌪\nViolence for our health 💀\n\n#GoVegan Why Veganism🌿\nhttps://www.whyveganism.com\n\nhttp://www.nationearth.com
Forgot to take the dead wasps out of the figs
Gordon: Son, You know what RAW meat is?\nJack: Nice.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n☺🔫
He’s so sweet with children; it’s so cute! ☺️ Plus, awesome food and quality time. Brings me back to cooking with my grandmother!
6:12 ur sister gonna LOVE u more now ???:D???
*N* *I* *C* *E*
No one in the comments said anything about how he just made barbacoa with pasta. *drools
tell you what thats one of the best cooking videos ive ever seen that was just enjoyable to watch
Your sisters are going to love you even more now\n\nOh god, Ramsay house of incest scandal incoming.
Where have I been GR is on YouTube I don't believe it all these years cooking dinner and doing it all wrong, GRs the man to sort it out yum yum
I like butter on my bread and Gordon Ramsay is sitting over here putting a fancy jam on it
This is happening soon!!
I have no good food in my house and this is making my mouth water.
Jacks gained weight! It's cause of gordon spoiling him with food like this.
I love how he is with his kids, dad goals right there
sitting on the dock of the BEACH
wheres the lamb sauce?
omfg i want it
Nice.
6:07, ooooh I'm dead
Niiiiceee
I wanna fuck the ramsys
Jack your grandmother killed herself \nJack: nice
4:51 \nGordon: EMmmmmm-eugh-EMMMMMMmmmm\nJack: *mmmm....*
boil my nut
DAD MODE ACTIVATED
It's fucking RAW!!!!
I want Gordon Ramsay on Cutthroat Kitchen.
That's weird, you only said cool instead of nice in this video jack.\n\nJack: sooo goood
4:51 Gordon what the actual fuck are you doing
4:51 close your eyes and let your imagination flow.
Shit i've always been putting the lid to not cover completely the pan and now i see gordon does it too, i feel smart now.
I came here for the comments
When Was This Recorded
When Gordon is getting breastfed.\nNeeds a touch more seasoning
Excellent recipe - loved it. But wat was he doing with his boy.
Indians disown their children for not becoming a doctor. Gordon disowns his children for not using olive oil
WE HAVE LOCATED THE LAMB SAUCE!!!!!!!
Little drizzle
 Bitch   LOL
Double cheek!!!
nice
His cheeks must be throbbing
I now want cow cheeks.
Don't be cheeky.
Brazed Breef is Brilliant.
What Is that Freezer?
Now im hungry GODAMEEEED
Nice ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Ugh, kids
Omg so much cheek squeezing lol
Sanji?
Beach
322 microwave users...
Gordon ur a pussy ass nigga u think ur good at cooking pussy ass bitch
''Don't be cheeky''
Next episode: Gordon Claps His Sons Cheeks
She's rich
Samsung wins
5:35 ROASTEDDDDDDD
03:00 MILEY
U sellout
5:26, haha.
IOS11??
This Persol glasses rly fit you! <3
Your voice is annoying
Shes a reptilian 🦎 newsflash 😐👽
Loved this vid!!!
Ijustine doesn't know shit about technology
She has a bedtime??
“but guess what, ur messages are green and not blue!” 😂😂😂
*It must be fantastic to be able to rake in millions of subs based off of teenagers wanting to cum on your face.*
mugs like this woman are the reason apple are making money for so little changes and innovation
Apple is brain washing every1 with that iPhone 8.  Basically a 7 with a glass back...\n\n\n\nIPhone X is okay.\n\nS8 does everything the X does, AND I STILL HAVE A HEADPHONE JACK!\n\n\nPlus in case u were wondering s8 has a higher resolution than the X\n\n\nIn fact, its a WQHD + 2960x1440 SUPER OMOLED Infinity screen.     Curved screen.  Glass back. Camera doesn't stick out....\n\n\nThe 3 things Iphone X does better is records at 4K 60f.  S8 is 4k at 30F.      But the 60f does a great difference.\n\nAnd X has 3D facial recognition, while s8 has it too but can be unlocked with a random pic of ur face.   :/    unless ur friends carry a life size pick of ur face everywhere,,,,,BUT u can turn this feature off, so ur safe...\n\n\n3rd is face emoji, but why do we need That? \n\nS8 still has Finger scan I.D\nIPhone X DOES NOT.  \n\n\nI mean ask urself this question....what r u doing on a iPhone that a s8 can't already do?\nIf u use insta, snap, YouTube, than why not get the s8???\n\ncost less and looks really really nice.
but guess what? Your messages are GREEN. NOT blue!\n\n\nI ugly giggled. Thank you Justine. Lol
You can flip the ui for left handed people
“Your messages are green, not blue.” My thoughts exactly.
I think you look pretty cool with glasses. You're cool either way; just a different look.
Ughhh when we thought the iphone 6+ was new... And the iphone 7.. now im behind and people will think my phones old 📱😂
PLEASE REVIEW THE NEW SPORT LOOP APPLE WATCH BAND!!!!!!!!!
Well your messages are green NOT BLUE!! I literally live for your quotes ❤️😍
Your messages are green NOT BLUE.  , I'm dead 😂
Your eyes are too far apart lmaooo
R u getting iPhone x which would u recommend iPhone 8 or x
You're so. Annoying with your bought ads... Pathetic.
Justine, you forgot that when you take your iPhone on a plane all you have to do is put it on airplane mode not remove the battery for everyone’s safety.
I hopped on a plane at LAX\nWith my Switch and my Cardigan.
i always confuse her for being transgender
The iPhone 8 and iPhone 7 r literally like the same thing
You would buy you loser the iPhone
I like the white wireless charger more
that time you buy a samsung qi charger for your iphone......\n\nedit: you want the heavier one so it slides less.
This women symbolises so much of whats wrong with the world
I’m left handed
The positive energy is great :)
Where do u get your cases I really want one
I own the pink gold dock
Did she work for the react channel?
Where are your glasses frames from??
She really tries to act like uncle Lew...
I’m also left handed!!❤️⌚️
Your messages are green!!! Not blue!!! Justine 2017
4 million guys subscribed  just to watch her. lol no matter the theme
Of course this cliche of a person is going to get the new iPhone
What kind of bird is this ?
I’m also a lefty
You are a bahstard
*Follow moi on the Instagram at ninaih16. Just rebelled and made an account to spite my strict parents.*
*someone get this girl a android phone*
It is okay that you are left-handed because I am# left-handed Squad👍
Have fun for paying for fast charging with both iPhones! Lmaooo.  Have to buy a separate cord and block
Control through consumerism
ayyeeeee left handed squaaaddddd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYG2IEgvb5w
34 on trending hype
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Cool vid
done
The white one
Mouth is frowning but her face says otherwise
The iPhone 7 is only like..\nA year old\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOkay
Wait so are the watches waterproof?
I'm a lefty too😁😁😁
I got the iPhone 8 in gold I love it
I beat the legend of zelda: Breath of the wild game it was so much fun
Love your videos! Keep up the good work :).
So when are you gonna do another Portal 2 lets play?
Apple for social status \nSamsung for performance \n\nLike if you agree, comment if you're scared of facts.
I'm left handed finally someone
Great & Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
Am crying😭
Thanks👍🏼🇵🇷
i should’ve waited for the iphone 8plus i have the 7plus i like it too so it doesn’t really matter. i’m left handed too !!
I'm thinking about getting the note 8 or ipone 8 which one should I get 🤔
Paid promotion, Apple paid for this ad
The main difference between the 7 and 8 is the glass back and it’s pretty and feels nice and smooth but if you have a solid case on it would kind of be really similar to the 7 🤷🏻‍♀️
Just use the wireless charging pad instead instead of the dock.\n\n\n\n\nHopefully that will resolve your ocd lol!
everybody loves ijustine like if u agree
Will pass on the dock - It’s all about wireless now. Samsung Qi charger works fine and sit the iPhone at an angle.
I'd like the Mofi but if it was in white!
What can You do with a Dock?
Justine I like you more.
Hello Friends, I am Skylar Fuhrmeister and I make lifestyle, beauty, fashion and more on YouTube and I would absolutely love it if you would check out my recent video, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdJ4Du3RXxQ
Could do with a bit more make up
To bloody big no thanks
Do iPhone 7plus cases fit on the 8plus
4:36 you pronounce it 10 not x
Your messages are GREEN!!! NOT BLUE 😂😂😂😂 dead!! 😂😂😂
hey girl,,,,,, I like your hair
are u a virgin?
APPLE SLAVE.
I hate iphones
Do you use the leather or silicone cases?
The iPhone 8 + is just like a iPhone 7+ with a better chance of messing up the charger port and a small update
Maybe by a normal watch . LoL
I am getting the Apple Watch series three with my own pocket money 😆
sure you're always getting this said to ya but just to let you know what this guy is thinking YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL Justine
Must be the director of Fantastic Mr Fox
Thats a good quality dog movie I wished to appear
What's the songs name @ min 1:18???? Please lmk
This looks so good
I feel like one of the dogs is going to die at the end\nBut it looks like such a good film!
It’s got Jeff Goldblum, so it’s definitely going to be a good movie
Getting alot of fantastic mr fox vibes and i love it
you know that a dog is going to die in wes anderson's movie
Looks nice. the story tho.. helping a kid find his dog as motivation... sounds boring...
Was kinda hoping there would be 2 dogs named Rex. You're Rex! You're... also Rex...
Is this buy the people who made that fox movie?
Unrealistic, they would've just eaten all of the dogs.
This is very Fantastic Mr. Fox, I love it already
convinced my friend to watch it when it comes out, YES
how does this have 4k dislikes???
What's the name of the song
This looks like the fantastic mr fox
The style looks cool. I wanna watch it.
Sounds like they even got the same voice actors from Fantastic Mr. Fox.
I have a feeling the great reveal would be that the black one is actually boy's dog in disguise with some sort of amnesia
The dog on the right looks like the Knight King from the thumbnail
This is gonna be the best movie of the year
You say Wes Anderson and Dogs, the two things I love. I'm watching
i just noticed it has bill Murray in it
Would love to watch this, visually I love it already.
I can't wait to see this.\nWhen I saw what this boy would do to get his beloved dog back, I realized I must have been cutting onions.
Must resist racist jokes because the fact it's about asians and dogs. *sweats nervously and pulling on my collar while gulping.*
If it's better than his interpretation of Fantastic Mr. Fox then I wouldn't know what to make of it.
Looks like he found spots in the damn trailer.
https://youtu.be/F8n94BSNHXk\nThe song from the trailer is , I Won't Hurt You , if anyone's looking for it
All they had to do was say Wes and I was in
This reminds me of that fox movie I forgot the name
Finally, 2017 can get a good stop motion movie!
Anyone know the name of the song?
Its so great to see Fantastic Mr. Fox's animation again.
Its like a weird Japanese sequel to Fantastic Mr. Fox
Jet black voice actor is the narrator lol
Looks like a good movie but I just can't get past this style of animation. I hate it.
is that edward norton i hear at the end
God dam it, i thought 12 year old ricegum was gonna eat the dogs :/
Wow, I really hope this becomes a hit because CG shouldn't be the only form of animation to make money anymore.
isle of dogs is a place in london
*sees style* That looks like the Fantastic Mr. Fox style stop motion...\n*sees that name* YES!
I'm having some major fantastic mr fox flashbacks
Love this I want to see this movie so bad
When I watched this I thought the animation style looked familiar. I finally realised it is by the same peeps who did Fantastic Mr Fox! I am so pumped
I wonder how many frames per second are in this movie ..
This is like that children book spots the dog got out and got dirty and his family did not know it was spot till he got bathed.
I'm so excited; I can't even explain how perfect this trailer is and how much I'm looking forward to this movie. The trailer came out on my birthday and I'm so happy
Yes! A new Wes Anderson stop motion film. <3
I don't know why, but hearing dogs talk in very adult, serious voices, in a non-jokey way, is hilarious to me, you almost never see that x'D
I swear if Gabe and Doge could talk it would be heaven.\n\n\n\n\n(R.I.P GABE MATE)
Im boycotting this movie because I just saw Yoko Ono's name in the credits
Before Watching: gonna be crap\nAfter watching preview: OH GIMME MORE
Anything with a dog looking thing or dog in title, I watch.
:'(honestly I fucking believed that news about world ending on September 23 and wanted to complete my bucket list like\n1. cumload on my brothers Barbie dolls face and upload it on YouTube it's on my channel go watch it..\n2. trying to talk with snakes. it's on my YouTube channel go watch it...\n3. tatooing Bush did 9/11 go watch it😥😬😬😬😬
I love the combination of the sorta anime style with a sort of 3d clay animation. Looks really unique
The people just had to be yellow
Please Hollywood stop with the Asian themes!
The only reason I watched this is because it was made by fantastic mr fox
This is giving me some serious lord of the Flies vibes
He's come a long way since the Resident Evil franchise
yes. more stop motion Wes. also hooray for more stop motion in general
DAMN this looks good!! i'm excited after fantastic mr. fox
You NEED to watch fantastic mr. Fox if you haven't seen it yet and plan to see this.
You had me at Japanese
This movie kinda looks a amazing and this cast kinda looks fantastic as well!
2:15 \nActual image of future North Korea
This is going to be a fantastic movie
Weird? I like the look of the movie, but hate it at the same time. Guess that's how you know it's going to be a good movie.
This Is Gonna Be FANTASTIC!\n\n\n\n\n\nget it?
YES!! More stopmotion!
Hi
I LOVE IT !!!!
This looks awesome!
Beagles love blueberries
I watch fantastic mr.fox everyday
Echo before he joined SAT
Looks great
Attack spread process vthsdb closely statistics ie reluctant relatively.
Song name
Not creepy at all
Fantastic Mr.Fox?
Wow\n\nhttps://youtu.be/J-U5qM1NJEw
omfg this looks so cool !!!
This looks cool 😀
Lol! Woof! 🐶
This looks amazing
Beagles love blueberries
XD
The emoji movie 2 everyone
The most unique filmaker ever.
wait do you mean paradise??
This looks interesting.
1:30\nThat walk cycle..
This looks cussing good
anybody know the name of the song at 1:18??
Will he ever stop making silly movies?
There's an actual isle of dogs in London but instead of dogs it's full of Blacks and Muslims
From the creators of karate dog
I like Aguero !!!
GG 2ez
Ederson is a family man.
City will win the premier league.\nGet to the UCL finals.\nScore the most European goals.\nCome back after the season to see I'm right😉
Cmon city Chelsea next!!
Love Mendy for trying hard to learn English. Top lad. Hope his injury isn't serious and he's ready for the Chelsea game
I'm a Liverpool fan but I think city are the best team in the world behind Real Madrid
I love how the fans in other side of that mirror are like.. knock-knock.. notice me senpai😍
You wanna hear a joke  \n\n\n\n\nArsenal winning the epl
Plz maul chelsea
6:32 i really hate that lady 😷
We will win the league unbeaten.
I have to say, you Citizens are playing fantastic football so far. Looking forward to our clash at the Bridge. Cheers! #checity
Those stairs get the sh** out of me. I hate them lol
#GOODGOOD
Sane is always on his phone
City the best.
Grande vitória City... Danilo entrou muito bem no jogo e na minha opinião é um dos melhores laterais do mundo... CityBrasil !!!!
6:32 what's that lady doing?\nBeing racist.\nFire her right now.\nDisrespecting Benjamin Mendy.
We were far from our best yesterday but still romped home to a 5-0 victory. Good fuckin signs
Top of the league on goal difference 👍👍👍
City have to get a result against Chelsea next week
3:32 even Wenger has joined city
I liked the old tunnel better.. this has too many stairs and it's a bit narrow
City 5-0 Liverpool \nCity 6-0 Watford \nCity 5-0 Crystal Palace\n16 goals in 3 games the EPL is ours this year
Leroy stop instagram!!! xD
IF you Want more wiews so stop uplode Evert minutep
3
4:36 I saw that Sane
AGUERO MESSI CRISTIANO NEYMAR SUAREZ BALE IS BEST BLAYER
Goals goals and more goals
8:13 that cringe
Is it possible to have a cam on the other side of the glass in the tunnel?
#OneMilionInChannelOrManCity
That cappppp ............................ #Mendy
First
こんにちは
Palace are going down!
I love tunnel cam
City win da league
Don't jinx us people
#KDB that pass to Aguero for Sterling goal Dayummmm If Man City keep Sharp and begin to Clinically Finish including half chances they'll continue this #ScoringFeast on Chelsea and everyone else #Sterling how many bloody easy chances do you need before you score?
Look at the man on the left... Look at the top of his head😀 3:11
why aguero always looks like he is forever alone??
Im worried for chelsea man. 5-0 in 2 games. City has some quality signings in arras where wthey were weak last seasons
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
Come on city ! congrats from a greek fan!
City r probs top 3 teams right now maybe even first.
2nd
5:50 Sterling & Walker are talking to Townsend about his hair transplant then Walker shows Townsend that he's going bald loool
City were far from best despite 5-0
Oh yea Ederson #whataguy\n\nAnd wtf was that lady doing at 6:32
as a city fan \n. imo  I think our cbs  are OK but they look a bit shacky at times without Kompany \nI think in the transfer window buy a world class cb to parter Kompany. had a decent back up. if Kompany gets injured  or someone in the defence \n also get sanchez if we can get him on a free transfer .\nI think a great format would be 5 city 3.4.3\nthat's my opinion  \npls don't hate
Well we almost scored, does that count ?
The trophy is ours.
The only reason i come to this channel
Everytime CityTV posts a new video, it feels like a Christmas to me. Thanks a lot!
I was there when we had the no doubt win
Pep Is Our Saviour!
City the good
Friends Suscribe to my channel of football 👍
First
Nice
What a great performance this was!!! We must come out with intensity against Chelsea from the kick off!!! C'mon City, C'mon City!!! 🔵🔵🔵🔵
#Aguerothebest
City needs to relax
Wots all this Manchester City rubbish?    It's a team full of foreign geezers, managed by another foreigner...in a league owned by an Australian....so what's wiv the Manchester city rap?  It's owned by Arab geezers...an Manchester don't come into it at all...anywhere. A much better name fer these geezers would be MECCA CITY.
Marò è allucinante come qualsiasi tiro nello specchio della porta di Reina, che oramai non para proprio più, si trasformi in goal..Ed anche oggi, la pur ottima Spal, é incredibile a dirsi, con due soli tiri in porta in tutta la partita, ha fatto due goals..E come lo vinciamo stò scudetto con queste medie tiri/goal incassati? Prima o poi ne pagheremo le pere cotte.....comunque brava Spal, che spero si salvi perchè lo merita, e forza Napoli, sempre..
forza napoli ma complimenti alla spal
2:36 MA DIO PORCO!
Ma il dio porco a 2:36? Aahhahahah
La Spal meritava almeno il pareggio
Peró la Spal ha fatto un ottima partita complimenti
il 1 a 4 con la Lazio é bugiardo , come sta Vittoria, sta squadra non può essere così colabrodo dietro se vuole sto scudetto.
Ma solo io ho sentito quel ma dio po*co alla fine?
New Rising Star - Next Great Greek Central Defender, Bigger, Faster, Stronger born 1999 only 18 in 2017 - 1.90 m & 88 kg Prototype Body-Strong on Ball- Shut Down Defender- Great  Speed 100 m 10.7 to 10.9 seconds range.  New Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKoujFKdZlU&t=1s  /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_HKlComKOs \nAntonis Konstantinidis Central Defender/Center Back - 100m Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZS2vLgp4k
Ma in quale universo la spal si meritava il pareggio o addirittura la vittoria? Cioè ragazzi, seriamente, la spal non ha fatto nulla, 2 tiri in porta 2 goal, solo perchè il napoli gioca senza portiere, per il napoli ogni tiro subito è un goal, ma compensa con lo strapotere in possesso palla e azioni. Con un portiere serio lo scudetto sarebbe tutto del napoli.
Ghoulam 2-3 è finita
Solo uun coglione come te poteva rispondere cosi Stronzo
napoli ti amo ❤❤💙
Quanto é forte ghoulam
vincim o scudet
Why is this trending?
1:13 I KURWA #POLSKA
Voglio Ghoulam alla juve!!!
Ma....Reina???????
Grande🙌
2:35 bestemione 😅😅
2.38 fantastico sentite
Che partita la SPAL complimenti
Dio can Reina svegliatiiii
Bella partita,complimenti alla Spal
I kurwa
Forza napoli waglio
Onore a la Spal, ottima partita
Bello sto calcio champagne del Napoli........
...a vedere il campo , nn sembrava messo tanto male... Però magari Sarri x dire che era idegno x la A , avrà avuto le sue ragioni...magari a vederlo dal video non rende l idea non so...chissà,  forse si riferiva al fatto che era sconnesso o x le zolle boo...
💁‍♂️Hey! Tu riesci a fare lo stesso #goal?\n📽️ Fai un #video che lo testimonia e partecipa alla straordinaria #iniziativa: un goal da morire... ⚽😯⚱️\nScopri ora cosa puoi vincere ➡️ https://goo.gl/sTwurj\n#ungoaldamorire #napoli #forzanapolisempre #mertens #evento
GRANDE PARTITA MA IL NAPOLI NON VINCE NEPPURE LA COPPA ITALIA FIGURIAMOCI LO SCUDETTO SE LE DISPUTA COSI'\nMA REINA SI DEVE SVEGLIARE UN PO'E AVERE I RIFLESSI PRONTI \nNON PUO'ANDARE AVANTI COSI'CON QUESTE PAPERE SUE\nREINA E UN GRAN PORTIERE E MI DISPIACE PER LUI CHE NON E PIU'FORTE COME PRIMA MA CHE SI DETERMINASSE NEL SVOLGERE IL SUO RUOLO \nE POI E MANCATO IL CENTROCAMPO CON HAMSIK DIAWARA ZIELISNKI MA I TITOLARI SONO ALLAN JORGINHO E PER QUELLO CHE E SUCCESSO A MILIK SPERO CHE TORNI DI NUOVO SENNO'SARANNO 35 MILIONI BUTTATI PER NIENTE
Il boato del 2 2 si è sentito fino a Napoli peccato forza SPAL sempre
Se la Spal continua così si può anche togliere la preoccupazione della retrocessione. Complimenti a tutte e due le squadre
CAZZO, COPI PURE IL VIDEO PARO PARO DI PREMIUM SINTESI?
Bravo a Schiattarella...l'hai fatto mò e nun te permettere mai cchiù. \nAvanti così.... Napoli 4ever !
Reina è un portiere I-NU-TI-LE. Non esiste prendere un gol del genere, sul tuo palo per giunta.
Uomo partita : Ghoulam
my you fucks napoli my bets handicap napoli score 3-2 fucks napoli
NAPOLI campione d'Italia  troppo forte non c'è paragone  con la rubentus
Vai spal !! Sono della Juventus ma la spal non la facevo così ! Altro che salvezza quest anno può fare molto di più ! Mentre Crotone e Benevento possono già dichiararsi in serie b :)
Primo a dire primo
LA SPAL FORSE SI SALVA MA IL BENEVENTO NE DUBITO
3 a 2 è finita
No comment
2:36 Ma Dio Povero
HO LASCIATO SCHIATTARELLA IN PANCA
Non vinceranno MAI LO SCUDETTO
Questo telecronista mi sembra un acquisto online.\nFa proprio cagare.\nCi manca Sandro Piccinini \nccezionale 
La spal è fortissima da Beneventano
Nel gol di Callejon c'erano 2 giocatori in fuorigioco.Passivi,ma i loro movimenti hanno messo in confusione il portiere
La spal si meritava la partita
Ma voi napoletani come cazzo fate a tenervi ancora Reina. È peggio di Buffon quel portiere li e ce ne vuole, Buffon con la Juve para tutto in nazionale non fa un cazzo, lo voglio vedere io quest' anno a Buffon   hai mondiali. Cmq da milanista dico Napoli buona squadra ma portiere inguardabile e che coraggio subire col sul suo palo.
Napoli merda
Il napoli non meritava la vittoria
Che culo il Napoli \nForza Juve
I love seeing this ! These are my favorite spider breed ! Spiders are friends not to be feared .
Beautiful Orb Weaver. They are a good bit larger in Thailand. I remember standing in between about 8 of them in Thailand near a waterfall in Chiang Mai. It was unreal.
If it wants to geet away let it go like god damn
I got bit by a small one of these in Australia. I felt dizzy and weak. Not fun!
you're very brave to do this
Omg when I was watching this, a daddy long legs went on me. I screamed and ran out the house. My phone is now crack like right in half. Ehh... 😩🕷
omg! When he first got it to climb into the box and it tried to jump out. just finish me off...I cannot go on
I shake for the rest of the day from this
I think that you should subscribe to him because he is risking his life for videos
Spiders are good spiders are our friends...I'm still scared 😵😭
Took a test I am extremely arachnophobic
A fear and phobia are different things, right? Isn't a phobia a tremendous fear of something that people try to avoid?
Wait, these things eat birds and are venomous?! Bruh I used to catch those things ALL the time with my friends when I was a kid. Well I'm lucky I ain't dead i guess
any of you guys ever watch a video like this and then your afraid to put your feet on the ground
Anybody else notice that the spider had a creepy looking dollface on its back at 7:15.
Can you go to Australia :D
You didn't write the name on the front
I've never seen an orb weaver this big in real life, but recently I had the misfortune of walking directly into the web of a smaller variety of orb weaver - not venomous luckily. Let's just say, I was not as calm as Coyote was here. :P
@bravewilderness you should go to the southwestern states of Mexico to find the panda ant
Would like to see him freehandle a Poecilotheria regalis!
Your crazy to even look at that thing
I wish I could hold one or at least look at one
This is giving me a panic attack
He should swim with dolphins! That would be amazing. Like if you agree 
I dare you to hold a wolf spider. A female wolf spider.If you agree? . Please? :(
This spider is harmless to humans. Yes their compared to the black widow but way less potent.  They actually say a bite from the golden orb weaver is the same as a bee sting..
You should do the biggest spider known to mankind
The thing I don't get is that he is not dead yet..
release millions of these on mexican side of the border
Who else had chills down you’re spine throughout the video
Coyote that only guy who has a spider stick
Nah its normal here in the Philippines to catch spiders bigger than that but some are small
it walks or crawls or whatever it does at 9:11
I would pass out if I saw that or if it was on me so never want to see one in my life have fun free handling spiders cuz I would die be brave stay safe don't let one of them bit u wit venom cuz idk what I'll do with out ur vids
I think I threw my phone to the ground more than I actually watched the video. And I'm glad I did.
get bit by a wolf spider
If the craft brothers, and jared leto had a love child...
I love these spiders for some reason like I just wanna cut one up in shreds and burn it in hel- too much??...ok I'll stop .-.
DANG IT! It was getting really good then a Xbox ad played! Xbox Signout and Freak Off! I'm watching Coyote damn it!
I know this is bad in my point, but who else wants to it bite him?!??!
Kind of a let down. I was hoping the spider would give him a bite :(. Great work as always!
Did anyone notice the main spider had Jason on his stomach?
There is google you could look up the dangerousness of and arachnid
my brother has more poson then the spider
Just saw one today
It was awesome and all of that.. Until the EVIL AD RUINED IT 😑
*thinks to self* Coyote you are absolutely crazy!!
I got to say Coyote, after your black widow video I was able to deal with my arachnophobia a little better.  Which mostly translates to not crushing large spiders and allowing jumping spiders to hang out on my hand for a bit while working in the garden. I want to thank you and the guys for that. I know music sets the mood of the shot, but could we have less horror movie like music when dealing with spiders? I felt more afraid of this spider than I did when you handled the black widow because the music made me edgy.  Again, I want to thank you and crew for helping me with my phobia.
I need his health cheat code!
Just realized he broke into this spiders home and kidnapped her 😟
I love spiders, ALL THEM
I dont think Lenny Lound is gonna handle this well
I've caught one of those spiders in my back yard and there huge
My nana lives in Australia where she could die
We have these all over northern Fla where I live. In fact I used to catch dozens of them to send to a friend in California for a annual spider display at the L.A. natural history museum. Their silk is super sticky.
most people arent afraid of the spiders but the consequences they could cause, if u dont remove it u could run onto it later and get bit, same as going into a bad part of the hood, ur not afraid of the area, ur afraid of what could happen
Lords Mobile ad hit me hard
Actually, yes, I should be automatically scared of this spider...sorry dude
That Was So **** SCARY BRO
Do this with a centipede
Coyote is so handsome with a beard.
I have one in my yard right now. Won't be touching it. Lmao
I'd like to see a video with a wandering spidrr
I love hitting them with the side of my machete. It's like hitting a quail egg splat. Kill them all! I hate getting gift wrapped by them
in the begging i was like WUTTTTT NOOOO
You should get stung by the warrior wasp. Take on the challenge
It will rip your face off.
I have arachnophobia and I wasn't thinking I was hyperventilating...
Hey I got a insect \nGo to Africa and get bit my a ant it will parilize you for a few hours
you are one brave man
He just spoke about the Aussie spider one!! I’m Aussie!! Well looks like I’m not sleeping tonight
Aren't Brazilian wandering spiders also called banana spiders?
does anyone else see a jason mask from Friday the 13th on the back of its head?
You are absolutly CRAZY!.....
God I hate spiders!
I'm arachnophobic FUCKYOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUU
Do a brown recules lol
Oh HELLLLL NAHHH...
i cant even stand ants...\nxD
my cousin was crying waching this😂😂😂😂😂
that is INSANE !!!!
My Spider Stick 😂
He is brave
Damn ur brave coyote
#Supreme sk8_86
You are my hero!
Fire isn't enough to kill this thing. HONEY, WHERE'S MY ATOMIC BOMB?
Coyote:get bitten by spider.\nCamera man:are u okay?\nCoyote:got bitten by lion.\nCamera man:are u okay?\nCoyote:got bitten by black widow.\nCamera man:are u okay?
OMG I went to the one of u shows and I know the videos coming soon but he said keep promise.
When the BW logo faded into the left upper corner of my phone, I panicked and threw my phone instinctively thinking it was a bug. \nRight after I made a ballsy speech about how not afraid of spiders I am.
what is the spider`s name?     ´   `\n                                                      ¨\n                                                   _____
6:39 rip lil' webber\n\nLook to the right to see the lil' webber ;)
My people with arachnophobia will understand the pain at 4:08 Ughhhhhh...
There is nothing to fear except for fear itself\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAlso spiders
Who else is just listing because they can't watch the spiders
Before I even watch the video I'm going to guess that's an Orb Weaver. Will update if I'm wrong.
*Grabs* *Popcorn*\nThis is going To Be Good!
OoOoOoO.. Creepy!! Spiders are beautiful creatures!!
apply pressure
lit
Esto si es buena musica.
thats me when i driving in gta vice city lol
Wow they go from the black to this...shoulda stuck with dennis
So glad my dad is back..\nNever thought I’d ever say that
Sounded a bit over produced. I guess the live version woukd be better.
Honestly I'm just happy Danny is back
This could be the album that launches AA into being mainstream, they were already kinda getting there with The Black, but it's clear that they can play stuff that's not metalcore now and they can do it well.
Video summary: Danny comes back and punishes AA for replacing him with Stoff and recodring shitty album
Holy shit I may have been hard on these guys a bit in the past, but I've always at least liked them and they are hundred times better than any band with the name Veil in it. Fucking hell I might just buy this album so glad Danny is back in this band. He sounds way better now!
Shoulda paid me more now yall are stuck with Dadrock again
Whats going on with the f***in hair with the drummer? 😫😫
All I gotta say is, WELCOME BACK DANNY!! you sound awesome as ever! Fucking love this song and it's meaning. You guys did it again. This song is amazing
I will be a Asking Alexandria fan till the day I die. No matter what. I love AA!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
May be theme song for fast & furious 9 ,lol
Thats Right! Show that pussy dennis what real asking is!
I wouldn't take back a moment, not one miserable moment
I kinda wanna play Twisted Metal now.
The song is good but Danny really impressed me
WHOAA DANNY IS ACTUALLY BACK?? I NEVER THOUGHT. HOT DAMN. yes!
This band is getting mature :)
Danny and Ben should try relationship therapy, running over your partner is a sign of abuse
I hope every music video for this album is part of a sin city esque story like this is hinting to be with the to be continued...  Better follow through! Sick af!
Holy tits is he back?!?!
i'm not big on heavy music like this anymore but used to be a huge fan of aa back in the stand up and scream era  but honestly this is such a GOOD FUCKING SONG TO COME BACK TO
Absolutely love the new song, guys. Do you have any plans on having a deluxe edition CD or bundle for your new album?
Boys and girls, WE'RE BACK IN BUSINESS!
I literally can't stop playing this. I've been playing it on repeat for days!!! I love it ❤️
I'm pretty sure Dennis Stff is LAUGHING
If I'm getting this correct I feel like this is a description about how over time he started killing his relationships with all his band mates and in turn, he realize he's done this and kills himself in the end. Deep message, well displayed, and I feel like this album is definitely going to tell one hell of a story. Beautiful song.
WHY IS THE INTRO SO GOOD AND WHY DID I JUST GET THE URGE TO LEARN DRUMS BECAUSE THAT DRUM LINE IS SO GOOD AND THE LYRICAL STRUCTURE AND DANNY'S BACK AND THEY ALL LOOK SO FUCKING GOOD IN THAT VIDEO LIKE ACTUALLY WHO FILMED THAT HMU I JUST CANT IT'S GOLD. SO MUCH TIME AND EFFORT WENT INTO THIS I CAN TELL.
Glad to see Danny doesn’t look like a fat loser in this video
2 days and 1.1 Million Views. Fuckin love this song. #AAFamily
CANT STOP LISTENING TO THIS
The King is Back
Let Denis return because Danny does not have the voice as in 2009
We're back again, you know we're not f**kin' around.. seems like an apt description of Danny's return.
Not to be mean,i like this song, but the backing vocals sound like the Oompa Loompas in charlie and the chocolate factory, the new one with johnny depp
I have been waiting so long for this! Must have listened to it a hundred times by now.
Whewww!!!!!! Danny's back!!!! And what a comeback!! Nice to see the AA family back together again mate. Good Luck to you all!!!!!!\n\nWasn't the same without you!!
I wonder if Alexandria is tired of being asked with all these albums.
This sounds like something off thats the spirit by bring me the horizon
God I'm so happy right now I'm actually in tears!!! They've been through so much and just look at them! I'm so damn proud of all of them!!!!
Obi wan kenobi head ass did his thing 👍🏼
I'm glad you're back guys :'D
Most brutal song AA is back
Wasn't expecting it to be this good
Wow, danny really blew me away in this single. After denis i thought AA was gonna go after that same heavy generic sound. But THIS is something totally unexpected. I grew up listening to AA and im ecstatic they are back in full swing. Cannot wait for that album drop!
How can i download this video ?
I’ve been listening to you guys for five years and I’m really excited about the album since Danny is back. AA wasn’t the same without him <3
Danny is good to have You back, better than ever! Amazing Vocals! Amazing Song! AA are BACK!
Didn't really like the song, but I'm proud of them anyway:) his vocals are still amazing. Good job guys♡
Best asking Alexandra song ever in my opinion.keep up the good work.
You can hear and see the strong emotions in the voice, lyrics and expressions! This song is amazingly beautiful and crazy! Can't wait to hear more from this album. Especially since Danny mentioned,  this album was the scariest moment I felt because I am facing all my problems and demons. This is me wiping my own slate clean. Not exact words but those deep words caught my attention along with thousands of people!
What happened to James cassels
its soo good !!!
Mark hamill + tom hardy = danny
Go 1m like
WTF . Danny is back
🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Ya cantas feo gorda
DANNY IS BACK!!!
Me encanto *so cool*❤ \n#likesieresdeméxico❤
Sing it daddy!!!!
Fucking awesome !!!
This is so goooood 😱😍👍👏
HE'S BACK!!!
aaaaaaaah que saudades disso... amo muito #AAFamily
Holy fuck yes! :D
OH FUCK YES
the fucking master returns OHHH YEAHHH ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡
😍😍😍👌👌👌
BRASIL <3
asking alexandria👍
damn !! make me so happy🔥🔥🔥
my love ♥️
we are alexandria
To Be Continued 🔜
Directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Fuuuuuuck yeah!! They ARE back baby! This feeeels goood!!
VOLVIÓ LA GORDA VAQUERA!!!!!!....
danny worsnop suck dicks like a bitch,fuck you asking alexandria
He's back!!!
Ohhhh FUCK this song is amazing! #AAFamily!
Neat.
Ñeeee 2/3    :/
Radio rock.
omg! 😍💜
Holy sh!t
🇧🇷💖
This is treading now.
Alguem do br?
Sois increibles, de verdad que Danny regresó con todo 💕
HOLY!!! it was so amazing, AA is tottally back!!! yeah!!! lml
2:53 is the best part !😍 i love how danny is screaming😘
MY OVARIES JUST EXPLODED!!!! \n✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜✴💜
allahuakbar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nallahuakbar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nallahuakbar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This song fucking rocks!!!!!
THEY'RE BACK!!!!!! :D
#AAFAMILYPY - paraguay
😍😍😍😍😍
I know I'm all disgusting and lovey dovey but gimme a break HE'S THE CHANDLER TO MY MONICA, PEOPLE! Also I just wanna say - *TRIGGER WARNING* for a section in this video discussing sexual assault, something discussed in my book...as soon as I get asked about what was the hardest thing to write about maybe skip ahead if you don't want to hear about that kind of stuff. Really missed you guys, thanks for dealing with less videos for a while as I worked on the short film and got through the book launch and then went on my holidays! BACK BABY xxx
i could listen to you talk alllll day!
As per Vixey's question - I'm curious as to whether or not she has self-diagnosed or has actually gotten professional help to give her the diagnosis. Or, if she's asking for a friend, the same applies; treatment is always an ongoing relationship between a professional and yourself. If an individual could treat themselves at home for psychiatric illnesses/mental health disorders than we would not need professionals in that area in the health field/it wouldn't be a disorder in the first place. The number 1 criteria for any psychiatric illness is does it interfere with daily life and if the answer is yes than it is quite clear you are unable to deal with it on your own.
Your book has FREE. WORLDWIDE. SHIPPING?!!??!?! How are you so amazing?!!
young adult/adult fantasy is my favorite genre and id love to read what you have to share!
I can so relate to the last answer. Damn, everytime my life is going well, I image it getting worse again and I'm fearing that. But then I can't enjoy the happy life right now. So I try to just not worry and accept, that someday, it might change, but that is normal, too. I'm going to get out of this again :3
hi melanie! i read your book and enjoyed it because i rly like your videos! it could be better written, but i see your flair for writing - and i actually think fiction might be more your thing! can't wait to see a ya fantasy book from you :)
Writte a ya in college or after college time, im tired of high School love histories
Literally screamed when you talk about your new love!!!! 💕💕💕💕💕💕
I'm sorry to say everyone is capable of terrible acts
Melanie you are such an amazing person xxxx
I'm all in for the scifi/fantasy novel!! :D Glad you are happy! :)
I love your accent. I don't know why. But if I can't sleep. I watch your videos.
Oh my gosh im smiling so much after this vid!!! I'm so happy for you mel!
I dedicate you two the amazing song You Grew On Me by Tim Minchin. You disgustingly cute people.
A book that might help a bit with your fear. Many Lives, Many Masters by Dr. Brian Weiss\nIt made me look life and death a bit differently. \nLove and other things sparkly.
there's something so cosy about your channel, if i want something to just make me feel nice and warm i go to your videos. there's a lot of content on youtube and a lot of it is super high energy, thoroughly planned stuff and don't get me wrong, i love that, but when i want to feel comforted and content i come to this channel. thanks mel, you lovely lady 💚
i've been together with my boyfriend for 4 years and trust me, it's hard but worth it
Your hair is so beautiful 😍
I'm giving the video a thumbs up but not for more makeup (I'm not a makeup user so that stuff isn't mah thang)
That food video you mentioned would benefit me, and others I'm sure, greatly. Lovely video, keep it up!
Your new BF is gorgeous. As are you. Happy Bi awareness day. :)
I was long distance for 8 years before moving in with my boyfriend this year, it will work if you want it to 😘
What's the difference between a pilot and a neurosurgeon?\nThe neurosurgeon doesn't think they're a pilot!\n\n(I dated a commercial pilot back when I was far too young to be dating someone like that haha so the joke comes from a place of experience and love. They tend to be verrrrrry interesting people I'll give ya that! And nothing like that uniform and the feeling of flying in the Boeing 747 you're partner is literally driving haha MMMMM ENJOY THE RIDE MEL)
Girl! Giirrrll! YEESSSS! enjoy all the fabulous feelings. So so happy for you :) xx
I would love to see a fantasy book with bisexual characters! Haven't gotten to read your book yet but is on my to do list, but I love your creativity and would love to see that type of creativity in fiction!
SO pleased for you and your new relationship Mel. You deserve to be happy and you never have to apologise for that. I'm sure he's a fantastic guy! 💚💚💚💚
Please listen to Laura Thomas PhD podcast - Don't Salt My Game, it is all about intuitive eating, I think it would be really beneficial for you and learning more about intuitive eating as I don't know if your understanding is fully correct, or you might just not have had enough time to talk about it. Anyway loved the q + a xx
I would be so fine with some YA fantasy erotic bi sexual action amazingness from melanie
I really found you at the perfect time in my life, a few months ago in the throws of my ED, and self discovery. This was great, love your channel
Pre ordered your book since forever and have to wait until November still to get it in New York 😩
Having a really difficult time at the moment, this video was just what I needed to make me feel happier and more motivated :) x
Please do a while video on intuitive eating!!:)
I desperately need a hair tutorial from you. How do you make it look so fluffy and shiny and gorgeous? <3
Take a shot everytime Mel touches her hair 😂    \n\n Love you lots ❤
Omg your kids are going to be blessed with good genes such a pretty couple!
Mel, you are radiant and lovely as usual. it's so brave of you to talk about being sexually assaulted online, i know how difficult it can be to say anything at all. It was impressively strong on your part to try and find them. I didn't say anything at all for years and it's one of my biggest regrets. I'm sorry nothing came of it. Sending tons of love.
This video was too quiet 😕
Do you like Erik?
Why isn't your book coming out until November in the US?
I'm so jealous of your sleek hair 😔 what products do you use?
Your hair is sooooo cute! Love it!
Please please please do a video on intuitive eating, I'm in the middle of trying to have a healthy relationship with food, so  I would really appreciate the advice :)
I would LOVE if you wrote a fiction book it would be amazing !
I love young adult fantasy!!!! <3 <3
I was talking to this guy who made me the happiest I had been in so long, but I was trying not to depend upon him too much, long story short he was lying to me the whole time we were talking and I'm so glad I didn't depend on him as I now know how to be happy in myself
gosh i don't even know you and yet i have this affection for you where i want you to be happy and safe and thriving and i'm glad that you are 💚
I really love your videos. Thank you so much for opening up to us about so many different things. It helps so many people that can relate with your struggles / experiences ❤️ And so so happy for you and your new boyfriend!! He's adorable 😊
yes please! i'd love an intuitive eating video bc I'm getting into it and would appreciate the help a lot. luv ya!
Please write a young adult LGBT fiction  with  your amazing Irish sense of humour included
Congrats Mel! I'm so happy you're happy, you radiate joy and it's infectious 💚 I'm really glad you're back, looking forward to seeing new videos xx
thank you for the warning about the sexual assault part but I made myself watch and so glad I did. everything you said resonates with me, especially the part about being reminded by little things like the keys for you. thank you for opening up about it, I've never heard someone talk about it like this!!! thank you for never being hush hush about things, it's making the world (or at least the one in your comments section) a more understanding place xx
Thank you so much for this great video and for your honesty!
There will be a day where you can say you're okay and mean it Mel I'm so so glad you can say you're okay and fully mean it now💚 So much happiness for you 💚xxxx
I want you to continue YouTube so I see what happens in 5/10 years 😊💕
im a really casual viewer, but whenever i watch your videos i become so inspired and am reminded of fresh perspectives on life  along with the reminder to take a step back and evaluate the grand paitning of your life. i fucking love you and the content you create.
Mel, you singing City of Stars from La La Land was one of my favourite covers of that song ever, it wasn't cringey at all!!!!
Please don’t ask us what we’d like to read from you ... write what you want to write. When you want to write new adult fantasy ... write it even if we don’t wish for it multiple times. There will be people who’ll read your word and who’ll love it 💕 you’ll be your best when you’ll do what you really want to do and not when you’ll do what people want to see from you. Love only! ❤️
Omg I’m so happy you’ve found someone that makes you so happy 😊💚
They caught my rapist, and they told me because I showered I had no proof and that the court would be traumatic for me so don't press charges. I was just 15 and he walked free.
During this whole video, I was smiling from ear to ear! You just seem so full of life, and funny and just being yourself. I just loved this video & YOU!!!💚💚💚💚
Thanks for answering my question! I'm also bloody terrified of death and can have mini existential crises if I think about it too much! I've also just gone long distance with my partner which is working out fine for us so far because we're both commitment-phobes anyway. Always love watching your videos x
tbh Mel .. i loved your copper hair more than this one .. \nbut any color suits you so well\ni love you
mel please do some beauty videos i use to miss them a lot...like i even forgot missing...i miss your reverse makeup application way like applying lipstick before eye makeup i use to miss them a lot....please mel dont stop making them....:(
I was 29 when I was sexually assaulted. I thought he was going to steal my money but I was so off.
😍😍😍 Happy for you Mel! ❤️
I had no idea you made a short film 😱 I can't wait to see it :) So happy to see you happy and accomplish so many things ❤
This vid was a roller-coaster of emotions!  So lovely of you to share your life with us.
Congrats on new bf!! Also, food video please! 💚💚💚💚 Love ya Mel!!!
Rape and the way people see it like oh you'll get over it 🙄 makes me very anxious and i feel like i really can't trust guys since you can't really tell witch one is a rapist or not..i just wish i could be gay 😕
i went cruelty free, it sucks that more brands don't fall under that category i.e. benefit
Hey Melanie, I'm a university student on a budget looking to treat myself to a medium coverage bb cream- something really easy to wear and uncomplicated. What would you recommend? also I live for these chatty videos as its my first year at uni and I still haven't managed to make any friends yet :( the way you talk reminds me of listening to one of my own friends chat with me- so honest and comforting. Wishing you all the blessings xxx
You seem very well atm I am so happy for you!!! Xxx
I would 100% love a video about intuitive eating! I'm also really bad at distinguishing 'good' foods from 'bad' ones, so if you could maybe do a little section on that, on how to figure out what's good to fuel your body and what's not (obviously I know fast food and sweets etc aren't great, but there are some more confusing 'grey' areas that I'm having trouble with - sometimes something that seems healthy isn't, that sort of thing), that would be lovely too. :-) I also want to say that you are so brave for opening up, both in this video and your book. You're truly an inspiration.
I've been thinking about seeking help for a long while... I've got several problems with anxiety, fear of food, depression... but its not that big, you know what I mean? These three are not the only things, there are a lot of things that make me feel bad and weird some days, but then I look around at other people going through stuff and going through therapy and see that they are going through much worse things and then I think I shouldnt go and get help as I feel I don't need it? I really want to change it but I think they would just tell me off and say that I am not ill enough? It happened to a friend once..
Can I date u? Plz? ;u;
that new man of yours is GORGAWS. just like you ;)
About open mindedness and perceptions of others bodies: youtube has made me an even more accepting person and I believe that as long as someone is happy and healthy both mentally and physically then it's definitely none of your business. I was watching some Strictly Come Dancing with my family tonight (first episode of new series) and my dad would not stop making disrespectful comments that he thought were hilarious. It was after a dance done by Chizzy (actress from Holby City I think). She is a beautiful, but larger lady with a very full bust and he made sure to point this out-oh she's the larger one of this series (usually there is a 'larger' woman on each series, I guess for 'body diversity') every time she moved my dad would laugh and after the dance, she ran up the stairs. I was genuinely furious with the way my dad was acting-there are bits flying in all directions!  Also Darcey Bussell (she is a judge on the show and also a family friend) commented on her dance, saying that she has a natural boogie in her body. However of course my father takes no time to think she was about to say something else steady on Darcey! Also on this series there is a gay female comedian contest and a gay male (priest?) contestant. Upon hearing that she has a wife he acts all confused and surprised-just really irritatingly ignorant even though we have family friends who are gay and happily married and I went to Pride this year and he kept complementing me on my outfit and asking how the day was. When the (gay) man had finished dancing-Craig Revell Horward (a quite camp judge who I don't think is actually gay but I'm not 100% sure-he has a wife but he could be bi) commented on his dance saying I LIKE you dahhling (he is the strict judge so this meant a lot) but again my dad makes a snide comment-in what way?! I actually wanted to scream and make such a scene but I know I couldn't-I'm angry with myself for not saying anything. He's not even a horrible judgemental person or homophobic usually. Also, last week I was watching a dating show called Naked Attraction. The contestant was a pan girl and in the lineup there was a trans man and trans woman (neither had fully transitioned yet) and my sister and dad kept saying I'm getting so confused now, what's going on? Are they a man or a woman? Even though the host was clearly stating male/female pronouns for the corresponding person and their faces and hair styles reflect the normal gender stereotypes of society. Any ideas how I can subtlety convince them that how judgemental they are being is wrong? I have said multiple times to my family that they should be so judgemental but then they just got angry at me for 'bossing them around' and for judging THEM!!! (Extra info: I'm not straight, my sister knows and so does my mum but they seem to have ignored/forgotten or not believe it, and my dad knows about my interest in and support for the LGBTQ+ community-he even told me about how his workplace had won an award for 'acceptance within the workplace' or something.)
Im happy for you having a boyfriend !!
I'm only 14 and haven't been through what you have been through but you give me the motivation to live life to the fullest every day even when i'm sad, and you give me the hope that if something was to happen to me someday I will be ok, so I guess im trying to say thank you for making life a little easier, more fun and more inspirational. I love u and your videos soo much Mel x
OMG YEESS, please write fantasy, romance, whatever fiction books!!! 😍
Happy Bi day!!
This is so exciting! Yeay!
Awwwww adorable, so happy for you 💋❤️
Uhh gimme YA fantasy, you gorgeous women with gorgeous boyfriend!!! <3 <3
this is sooooo cute ♥️🥀🥀
yey for fiction :D
NICE SHIRT YO
Yes Melanie....we need more beauty videos!
Your a pornstar right?
Your eyes are beautiful
FOOD DIARY PLEASE! 🙌♥️
YOURE SO PRETTY OMG
lol how cute !! Congrats on the blossoming relationship !
This might be a little off topic but what you said about being squishy and the standards of body image, I hate the double standards in beauty/body image that you can freely ridicule skinny bodies and how being skinny isnt the ideal so don't strive for an unhealthy image because it's all in the media and models are very slim.  But speaking as a person that's naturally slim and has always felt too small and unwomanly it's a massive kick that heavler/thicker etc women can freely talk shit about people with slimmer bodies. If I did that to a heavier woman, the world would go mad!  I think that the standards of beauty go both ways, being overweight is as unhealthy as being under and I don't think the world gets that yet!  Love your book and how candid you are in everything on your channel!  I have a question or a topic - Opinion on plastic surgery?  As a person who's had a surgery, I think that plastic surgery isnt' a solution to insecurity!  If you ever wanted to talk about that?   Love your channel! and your boyfriend is so lucky to have an amazing woman like you! xx
You look way better without the fringe
So you chose this chump instead of the true geordie? What an awful decision
i'm so afraid of missing my shot at happiness and success because society has instilled this idea of get your life together by 18 or else you've missed the boat but you inspire me!! like it's easy to hear you have your whole life ahead of you but so very hard to actually understand and process that and i'm just. so so glad that you're doing well and thriving.
Me and my husband were in a long relationship for almost 1yr 6 months...I was in India and he was in London studying....and we learned a lot through distance relation....we started to love more and enjoy each and every call ....since we got only less time to talk mainly bcoz of time difference...Atfirst it was really difficult but after few weeks we started to understand more.....Long relationship is something that helps to build relationship stronger!!! Congratulations to both of you 💚💚💚💚💚
I hope ur now bf is my best friend I have rn as my bf in 10 years XD
Bitch has better lips than me 😒 ❤ -shook-
omg, your makeup is AMAZING!!!! LOVE!!!
This dude is hilarious!!
You are #43 trending!!
Loving the hair!
Love the hair!
R u ok upstairs
Wtf is that?
Ima dude but I'd smash 😏
WE'VE REACHED PEAK DEGENERACY LADS
LOVE DA' Hair!!! AWESOME!!
💙💙💙
GIVING ME JS 2006 VIBES 💙💗💙💗💙
PLEASE SWATCH THE SMASHBOX !!
Omg 😍😍😍😍
Pls kill me
That smash box ombre lip though 💄💄 yassss🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Get away with murder vibes
HAIR GOALS OMFG
ha gaaaayyyyyy
😐😐😐😐😐.........
Beauty killer vibes 💙💙
shes bum
💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
I love your brows gurllllll
This nigga gay
MERMAID
Cant wait for Sept 30th 💄💄💄
BJ
Old Jeffree vibes lmao
Jeffree Star
Trans
You are the nastiest thing I have ever seen.
Jeffree. It's a lip stain. Lip-stain. Obviously it will stain your lips.
Where is this hair from? I love it!
you look like something out of the rocky horror picture show, fruit cake
This poor guys Mom cries in the shower where nobody will see her...
Jeffree, i want some makeup of yours, but....do you make delivery to Europe? Bulgaria. :*
Fuuucckkk!! I'm loving this look 😩😍
I am smashbox TRASH tbh their liquid lips are my absolute favorite they could put out a lip that was 500 dollars and I would buy it
Can you do a tutorial on your eye look?
What the fuck is this channel
This hair, IM LIVING FOR IT!!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Damn Kurt, You're looking snatched! I LOVEEEEED that Jeffree you are the bomb!!!! Haha.
Why does this guy have makeup on
Is that her/his real hair.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       I put her/ his because I do not know what Jeffree wants us to call him/her
You look very nice in blue🤗🤗🤗
I'm dead. This hair thoooo 😍😍😍
I need that nude bundle ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
YOUR WIG FIX ITTTTTTTT\nYOU LOOK LIKE THE FEMALE LEAD OF A ROCK BAND AHHHHHHHH
Why is this in my recommended
That price for 8 colors :0
People making fun of jeffree and saying he's a abomination while he's laughing all the way to the bank he's making more money than these haters do 💅\n\nI also won't answer to hate comments so bye hun! ❤️😘
I didn’t know aliens could be transgender too!
I loveeee the hair!! Also, girl if you could test out the Amoré cosmetics highlighters and/or eyeshadows id LOVE that because I only really trust you Laura and Manny to give 100% honest reviews and they look like they're pigmented but idk they use SO much filter I can't tell.
It's just how science works... And chemistry I love Jeffrees personality, why is everyone hating on him for being brave enough to express himself😑
What in the fucky fuck shit is this
Is that a bloke or a women, not trying to piss anyone off
Jeffree this look is giving me candy cotton vibes. I bet one of the new lip scrubs is cotton candy flavor.
I'm scared, why is this in my recommended
Please do some of the balmain collection. I think they are lipstick from Loreal.
It doesn't matter how much you pay for makeup, you still look like a pile of shit
can you film this look!!!!!
this is for and everybody metalic can rid out of body with ampelopsis radix a chinese herb make tea
I love this look and those nails are fucking SLAYING me! 😍🔪
Omg you are so pretty sorry to ask but are you transgender no hate
Giving you  beautiful mermaid from the ocean realness
Not much into lipsticks & what not but I diiie for her under eye so damn pretty!!! 😍
Jeffree..... RELEASE MORE RANGE OF PINKS FOR THE PALE ASS LADIES WHO RELY OFF OF THEM..!!!
I was like, “ He died his eyebrows?!” And then I realized he doesn’t have eyebrows..
What happened to your awesome Louis  phone case !!!! That's the most boring phone case I've ever seen On your phone lol
Does anybody know what eyeshadows/ eyeshadow palette he used in this? The colors are stunning 🔥
Where is the tutorial for this eye look??? 😍
Jeffree looks good with every hair color. He could have a turd on his head and slay that shit.
I love the blue look on you its awesome⭐️⭐️⭐️💕
I'm sorry but the doe foot that are in your velour liquid lips are without a doubt THE BEST I have ever used...and I've used a lot of different shaped liquid lip applicators
I am DYING for that smashbox combo!
i find something really relaxing about pros (like you) putting lipstick on. i love this video and i love you <3
Your so frickin hot. You look fabulous in blue hair
FUCK IT UP MAMA!!!! This look is stunning!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Damn u look good with that hair color
It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again
Jeffery !! This look is BOMB I'm blown the fuck over
Love love love your makeup look in your video!!!
What this thing is needs to just leave this earth....blue human looking thing on this video
Are you a man? You sound like one ☝️ but look like a girl
Time to read some funny comments and watch some triggered gay supporters defend this guy/girl
how is this mop reviewing makeup
Degenerate freak.
Gas it
Scariest paranormal shit I’ve seen in my life
It's unfortunate that modern science can't treat you're mental illnesses
I wish this man gets the psychological treatment needed to help with his Gender Identity Dysphoria. Mental illness is a serious issue and must not be normalized.
Yo yo yo yo yo I don't know if you've ever heard this before but you look like a dude trying to be a girl lmfao this world. The people pulling the strings in this really have done a good job to take the manhood away from a lot of men. And it started when they were children they couldn't even perceive this cuz it's so far above their head
How can I block this freakshow from showing up in my feed?
Reported because you gave me cancer
Ewww wtf is this shit
JESUS FUCK WTF IS THIS THING WHERE TF IS THE BLEACH!
What the fuck is this thing
What is this headass lookin ni🅱️🅱️a doin on trending
Hey, everyone! I'm Liam, the creator of this video. I've been working on this one for a heck of a long time. I hope you all enjoy it. Special thanks to Julian Eggebrecht, the founder of Factor 5, Inc. for letting us share footage of WeFly for the first time. If anyone has any questions about the video, please let me know.
I hope a dump of the game will eventually surface on the internet
Nintendo should have cradled their relationship with Factor 5 like it was their only child.\nThey were seriously talented and made two of the best games on the Gamecube. \nAnd having played Lair on PS3 recently (bought it for almost nothing), I'd say it's a pretty good game too despite the criticism it got.
Let's pray that someone revives the idea for the switch.
I guess the Wii could have been a less shitty console with such a game !
Gutted I would have loved that game
at around 11 minute mark I realized this was unseen64 ...and it broke my heart
Nintendo been running game studios since like forever.
Factor 5 seems to have a plethora of good unuseed prototypes..
GOD PLEASE LET AN ISO LEAK PLEASE. ThIS GAME IS SO BEAUTIFUL.
After seeing this video, I strongly hope someone someday will suddenly pick up one of their development systems and surprisingly discover the game's code.
I gotta ask, am I the only one that misses the Wii Weather Channel?
Why is this making me want to cry? I would have been so happy if it this came out, and it deserved too, but it didn't and I never knew
at this point with most involved companies bankrupt\nwhy not accidentally leak the unfinished game to the internet\nso others can enjoy the game that had so much love and care put into it
The game looks great and all, but those glasses would've been amazing
Such a shame that this never made it to console. It would of been an amazing and unique experience.
This video just makes me sad. I would have LOVED this game. It looks so chill and relaxing.
GOD DAMNIT! That game sounds so damn promising! I would've totally LOVED to play that!
Drinking beer at work, I'm jealous.
Honesty this game seemed way too ambitious and probably would've flopped had it saw a release
I want someone to leak what they had of the game on the pirite bay or something. I would love to download and play this
Man, what a shame. I'd have loved WeFly.
Factor 5 was the best, fuck Disney for ending them
This makes me really sad. I absolutely love Pilotwings, and this looks like it could have been the best one. RIP
why is everything you talk about on this channel in regards to factor five? There's nothing wrong with it just a question lol
oh Factor Five you are and will be missed
Every time Factor 5 is on this channel, I end up feeling sad.\n\nWe lost so much when Factor 5 went down. It is a damn shame.
Factor 5 were awesome! RIP :(\nSame for Criterion software.
If the former staff were bought by sony and asking them make their pilot wings version for the VR. \n\nIt could be possible, but its only a dream I can only say
Best game for wii sports resort
That would have been amazing! \n\nExcellent video!
5:28 Holy depth imagine one of those old star wars rebel assault games with a wiimote while on the shooting gallery part of the games and add in where you have to bob your head around to get a good angle on stormtroopers to shoot at and dodge by swaying your body hard to the sides. That would be more 3d then any 3d movie I've ever seen.
So in a sense Nintendo thrown away ther own version of face tracking 3d vr before anyone else had it great job missing that patent guys
This pisses me off. Poor Factor 5. I loved them. Imagine if they were still making games today on current platforms.
Holy fucking shit, WeFlight looked REALLY impressive, especially with the glasses and how they tried to replicate the actual weather and timezones of the real world. It legitimately makes me sad that Factor 5 got bankrupt, this seemed like it'd be a really fun game and I'd love if it got released.
😔I wish this game existed
It's like every other game featured here had a connection to Factor 5 in someway. It's almost as if they're bad luck
Fuck, this game looks like it would've been awesome. So sad they had to close down. :(
They should leak the roms for us to emulate
Im sad that wefly/wiifly failed,it could have been awesome to fly around london or tokyo,i feel like it could have online with other people
Ah, my dream Wii game! We almost had it. Maybe it can still happen someday....
It's disappointing that this game managed to get off the ground and really take off, but, it was not capable of sticking the landing.
By then Nintendo president; Satoru Iwata\nThat line, and how casually it was said... I gotta say it punched right in the feels. I miss that dude.
This game looks awesome! It's a shame that it had to be cancelled though. :/
UGH, THIS WOULD'VE WON AWARDS!
Man, I wish Factor 5 was able to release this game
how...how did i not ever heard about that version of VR? that version seems MUCH more simplified and severely less costly to produce. that looked really cool.
Dam this sounds like it would have been good
We need this on the Switch
Xbox, a console of a larger installed base... Sorry, but... no. At the end of the generation the Xbox barely had sold just 3 million more than the GameCube, and I'm sure at time Lucas Arts were putting pressure on Factor 5, the two console had pretty much the same installed. They must have wanted the Star Wars to be ported to Xbox, but not because of a larger installed base that it clearly didn't have, but probably because the PS2 couldn't run those game without some serious downgrade and optimization. So the Xbox was their best option for a port, since it could do direct port without much work.
Fuck, wasn't Factor 5 allowed to finish a single game?
What a sad story... To think that a potentially awesome game, and pseudo VR would just disappear thanks to 2008. Those infrared glasses were freakin' genius, I still want those! If they revive this game and add the infrared glasses to the switch i will die a happy man.
I want this on Switch.
Man, that WeFly would have been fantastic!! N should have brought those people on board to complete it..
This is a *huge* pisser, to me. I know about some of Factor 5's other rejected projects, such as their original 8-player _Mega Bomberman_ demo.. but, the fact that a series of events prevented one of my _favorite_ childhood games from getting another entry just burns my hide.  It was a shame...
Release the prototype iso online Factor 5, please. Thumbs up if you agree.
Looks so dank, wish I had this as a kid whould have been my jam.
If only Factor 5 hadn't been killed by the PS3 disaster that is Lair, we'd have had a great return of Pilotwings. -_-
Next time on the Factor 5 show...
I hope WeFly gets leaked one day, it looks like the proper pilot wings sequel I've been wanting.\nVery impressive looking to, sad it couldn't be released it would have been a quick purchase for me.
We need to dig the game's assets up from the Former Factor5 Management, repackage it, and make it a reality. Anyone up for the search?\n\n#WeFlyRecoveryMission
Can't wait for the day when it eventually gets leaked online
As a developer, these are the saddest damn things to watch
I'd love to have played it.
What a depressing story... Can't believe no publisher bailed out Factor 5, they were such a talented studio, and yet so many shitty games came out on Wii and even made money. Please make the next Unseen 64 about a crap cancelled game that didn't deserve to come out to cheer me up, or I'll be sad about this until the next Pilotwings comes out, which will probably be forever.
I feel like this is the game that would've actually gotten me to play the Wii. Then again, I would've bought this just because Factor 5's name was on it.
Wow. Looks and sounds likes a revolutionary Wii game for its time. Too bad Factor 5 went bankrupt.
Now with Pilotwings having gone on hiatus again for over half a decade (geez I'm having one of those it's really been that long? moments remembering Pilotwings Resort was a 3DS launch title back in 2011) I think now would be a nice time to revisit the series. A game like that seems like a nice fit for the Switch since you can do quick play sessions anywhere you want, and the increased power of the system compared to something like the 3DS could mean more and larger levels, and maybe even new vehicles if they can find a fun way to implement them. I guess the big question is if it'd still mainly use Miis like Resort did or if it'd go back to characters designed by the dev team like Pilotwings 64 (if it does this would be a cool way to bring back Nester given he was in PW64).
[sees headset idea]\nWow that's really dumb.\n[sees headset in use]\nWOW THAT'S AWESOME.\n\nMan, I am SO BUMMED that this was never finished. The only thing I ever did in Pilotwings 64 was explore the island and find all of its secrets while more or less ignoring the actual missions, so WeFly would have been RIGHT up my alley. And the weather channel integration was just such a cool idea!
Quick, name every Unseen64 video that doesn't involve Factor 5!\n\nI'll start:
Factor 5, forever caught in Nintendo's friend zone
I am sorry fucktive five
2:18 xbox porn!?!?!?
5:50 lol game devs get lit
This game seemed amazing!
Pilotwings on Nintendo Switch?
fuck the five
Johnny Chun Li!!!!! spinning bird kick
So much potential!
Yet again fucked her 5
LEAK THE ISO LEAK THE ISO
Switchfly
That game looks incredible
Pilotwiings
Turn on captions at 2:16 😂😂😂
Fuckthefive?!
Liam sure does love talking about Fucktor 5
Thats sad
Huh, neat
Ninoooooooooo
omg :'(
Liam, please work on your pronunciation on port. Or don't. It's kinda funny imagining xbox porn of the Rogue Squadron game
Sounds like a very boring Pilotwings. I want a Nintendo 64 Pilotwings reboot made by Namco maybe ? based on Ace Combat 7 graphics Engine 800 P 40 fps would be fine
This is the first video on trending that is good.
fuck now i want that game  seriously ubisoft instead of doing stupid sport games or racing why not give us a fligh arcade
Damn this looked like it could have been a killer title for the Wii to really pump some life back into it mid life cycle, however if Factor5 had used data from the Wii's weather channel it would have always been 6 hours old, and I never did get an accurate weather forecast from it the whole time it was active.
what language is the narrator speaking?
Unfortunate Nintendo didn't want this game to exist. I see why, but it would have been an amazing title.
Where was the part about pilotwings?
What is the music used in this video's name
Chorizo James... perfect name for a luchador. Career change? ;)
And there is a PARTY going on in my mouth! Ben you're such a dweeb in the best way possible.
This is why they bully you, Ben. Because you loudly proclaim about parties in your mouth.
Before summer ends *everyone is wearing jackets*
I'm so happy James is in more videos! Love these kinds of videos, I can't wait to go back to London.
I've liked this video but really its only half a like cos Mike's not in it. hashtagteamhuttlestone
Hahahhaha can't stop laughing how in this video Jamie widens his eyes everytime he's talking 😂😂😂
for a theme week you guys should really do a cheap week. and maybe for a battle give each of the guys like 20 bucks or something and get them to actually shop and create a dish.
I was in London earlier this summer and NEEDED THIS THEN. y'all are killing me with all these London recs, when I'm NO LONGER THERE TO TRY THEM.
Am I the only one or is umami Ben's favourite flavor
hey i just really enjoy how furiously ben said theres a party going on in my mouth!
Sooooo who is organizing the Sorted Food Oktoberfest meetup??
Ben sometimes sounds like a wife. James being the husband
YAS JAMES YAS
absolutely heartbreaking. went to France on holiday a week too late to see you, and went to London during London week but didn't even get a peep of your leg hairs. even happened to go to borough the same day but oh, the greatness of my luck is compelling!! :)
Do more Indian food taste-testing-things!!! We'll help you with pronunciation! :D
Padron peppers have a rare spicy one in them, but they all look the same. It's like dorito's roulette, but a lot healthier :P
Fellas, I'm sure the food is great there, but it looks like a mall food court. Wanna go to some great looking rooftop bars -- try Los Angeles.
Beach on a rooftop??? Sounds cool 😁
“Central London”.. Brixton is zone 2. 🙄
I just saw an ad of this place on this video XD
I got distracted in church by this\n...
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Brixton is hardly central london is it?
Jamie... come by Indonesia for super spicy food!!!!!
I don't think I'll ever tire of commenting this;\n\nTch oh - ree - thoh\n\nI don't care how you pronounce the rest of the word but please, PLEASE  use an English th, not a z. Thank you. 
Erm.... if it’s in Brixton, then it’s certainly not central London. It’s South London. Please don’t confuse people. Thanks.
Thank you for the suggestion. Will definitely keep them in mind when I visit London next year!
James hopping over the bench and saying 'i'm very tall!' honestly made my day
U lads ever gonna actually get back to cooking again?
Yum! Thanks for taking me along on that great lunch trip! :)
wasn’t it mike who made the ‘and there’s a party going on in my mouth’ comment?
Good to know James is at least willing to enjoy less frilly things occasionally.
Love this video, it's also my birthday today I'm 20!!! 🎉🎉 love u guys 😘😘
GUYS GET A DIFFERENT CAMERA MAN AND GIVE MIKE MORE SCREEN TIME PLS
my mum went on a complete padron pepper bender this summer. honestly sick of them now, she just took it too far.
You guys should check out GrubMCR! They are amazing, and such a great vibe. I've been there about 5 times. Look them up on instagram :)
Shouldn't an Oktoberfest be finished by the time it is actually october?!
God Did u see Jamie munching on that pepper!! he grew up in my eyes!
You should really make your own version of stuffed naan, for example nutella, pizza, cheese and sooo much more
You should do the same thing at Pergola on the roof in Shepherd's Bush!
Please go back there for Oktoberfest!!! If it's authentic food you will love it!
oh god, why am I watching this when I'm just about to go grocery shopping and I'm already starving. There's no possible way I'll make responsible decisions.
I love the exiting things you see and do. I would like to go there if I go to London again. Cheers!
Slightly disappointed that it wasn't called mac and chorizo.
I love whenever you guys do a food adventure video!
Man if I took a shot for everytime one of the lads said umami I'd end up in the hospital,
I see Brixton has been gentrified.
There is no spice in this what so ever!!! Dying
I'm not so lucky, so I have to take your word for how amazing it was.  Not that I could afford it, or afford going to London from USA... I can't even afford to go to KC, and you were there recently.  I laughed that you had taken my advice, though.  Not JUST my advice, I am sure you had a LOT of people tell you the same thing.  I liked that you did the bit with the fountains.  I shared all those videos you made in KC, hope they got you a few more fans.
4:21 we love you Ben XD NEVER CHANGE
Jamie's hair reminds me of a certain dictator...
Always looking for exciting new places to eat, brixton has so many hidden gems when it comes to eating out👏🏼
I really enjoy this concept of testing lots of food in one city. It changes it up a bit ! :)
The thing with padrón peppers is, as the saying unos pican y otros no which mean some are spicy and some not. The funny thing with eating them (aside from being really delicious) is that there's the chance that you get a super spicy one and makes you want to die! :D
Thanks!  What a treat!  Loved the critical commentary.  Wish I could have been there!
So this is great and all, but what if you don't have much of a kitchen or a kitchen at all, how are you going to make mac and cheese? I'll tell you how, go to my Mac and Cheese recipe on my channel. I'll teach you to do it without even having to boil the noodles.
Oh my gosh, you were in Brixton?!?
I thought this was gonna be a video on how to make charizo Mac and cheese but I'm still not disappointed.
Ben... I'm sure people would love to join your party in your mouth or wherever(I mean house) now that you've offered.
Sorry Ben, once you put it out there there's no taking it back... Party in my mouth 🎶🎶 sing it!
really like these types of videos! keep it up boyssss~
I've GOT to visit London! British food isn't just Bubble and Squeak! I'm drooling!
Jamie's laugh 😂 killed me
YOU GUYS!  I'm seriously loving all the outdoor/on-location stuff you've been doing lately.  It's really been so fun and interesting, getting to see more of where you live and the places you can get to, seeing as how you're in England and all.  I've been a subscriber for a long time and I love the channel and you guys to bits and can't wait to see what's next! :D
Am I invited to Ben's party?
 pimientos de padrón, unos pican, otros no. that's what we say in Spain.  padrón peppers, some are hot, some are not. That's the funny thing, u never know if you will eat a super hot one but in general they are really tasty and mild.
loving that james is getting more screen time
For a second, I thought Ben called James a dick\nturns out he called him ridiculous\nclassic bennuendo
I want to hang out with you guys! Some incredible sounding food! Could talk about them all day!
is it wrong I said 'helloooo' same time as Jamie.
James is a legend. More of James in the future please
I'm hungry
That all looks freaking amazing....
What the heck is umami
courtois
wtf is this shit lol
pimentos padron, uns picon outros non <3
Ugh. London is just one huge pretentious hipster paradise :/
Do another shocker recipe
Where's Barry?!
Watching your vids always ways cheers me up!
Bens two favourite things:\n- sprigs of mint\n- umami (oo-maa-me)
Chorizo mac and cheese...I'm weeping.
again KAAK WARKA make it !
Ben's 5:00 shadow goatee is lovely
Padron peppers omg
Food.
mac & cheese wins every time!
*The BOURGOIUSE*\n\n\n\n\n\nhowevr u spell that
Ben, you can't just take that sentence back! As per the Chinese idiom: 一言既出，驷马难追, once you've said something, you can't take it back :>
Macarrones con chorizo de toda la vida bye
I am confused... titles says mac & cheese, but video is of chili cheese fries...
Loving all the James and all of the exploration videos!!
Do padron peppers ever have heat?!
James is finally not camera shy.
That place looks super cool!
Your channel never fails to make me hungry 😩Thanks!? Lol
Explain umami
Padrón peppers!!! 😍
That camera quality is insane.
I'm sick right now and when I watch her she makes me laugh
Do you know there is a war
Fist you are my fav YouTuber 2 you should do a kid subscribe musiclly reaction my musiclly is memesocool06
Everyone start using the #queenliza bc she's queen BITCH
My friends showed me this video, they said not to lose it. I fucking lost it by 0:33
This was published on my birthday
HAHAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS GIRL!! KISS FROM ARGENTINA 😙
REPENT THE LORD IS COMING!!! I know you are probably like why is this person saying this random stuff on a Lisa koshy video(I love her). But the Lord is coming so I am telling you please repent and gain a relationship with your God. He has shown me dreams and has changed my life at such a young age. He will and has done the same for you, he loves you in ways only he can and he is waiting on you to accept him. GOD BLESS HE IS COMING( go to BRO MIKE MANOFGOD for anything else). Much love, god bless, enjoy the video
Liza!! You chould make a video where helga babysits little liza! Please! Please! Please! Btw I love u so much 💕 \n2:45 😂😂😂😂
hi guys:)! i will sub to anyone\n1. likes this comment\n2. subscribes to my channel\n3. comments when done
who's Kristen first of all not trying to be mean
I couldn't stop laughing when she bounced from the roof of the car.
I need Liza in my life
This is probably my most favorite vlog from you Liza! very funny
can you do a draw my life
Why do i love liza  so much because she is one of the only one i know who jams in her car lol. And she brought it for the video lol
Girl you  got a million more subscribers in less than a month.
Liza is so fucking annoying why does she have 11mil.  subscribers
Hi. Like this video and the end digit of the like will match up with a number. \n\n1. Pun Liza\n2. Cocky Liza😂 \n3. Cooking Liza\n4. Yo gurl (yoga) Liza\n5. Makeup Liza\n6. With bae Liza\n7. Inspired Liza\n8. Man, girl, thing, creature Liza\n9. Driving Liza\n0. You choose\n\nNow your Birthday month. \n\nJan- Wacky\nFeb- Fun\nMarch- Lazy\nApril- Cute \nMay- SUPER FUNNY\nJune- Super star \nJuly- Celebration \nAugust- Determined \nSep- You choose! \nOct- Tricked \nNovember- DUMB\nDec YOU CHOOSE!\n\nComment what you got. For example I got Cocky Super Star😜
I just imagine her bringing a jar of jelly with her like yep, content
I really did not want this video to end😂😂♥
Imagine that she actually did get in a crash in this specific video
Can I get 1 like to prove that I'm not a loner?
You always make my day no mater what mood I’m in!!💖💖
OMG i love you! your so pretty\n#thisprincesssavesherself
im pretty sure liza drives the same route overtime she does one of these. either that or every single place where she lives looks the exact same, anyone else notice that?
literally the best video ever
Subscribe to me so I can have more than my friend
Since Liza says she post on Wednesday's, (when she actually posts on Thursdays) some people say she should change the intro to Thursday with Liza. But, if she changed it to Thursday she would post on Friday. Then if she changed it to Friday she'd post it on Saturday. Also if she changed it to Saturday she'd post on Sunday's. Next if she changed it to Sunday she'd post on Mondays. And if she changed it to Monday's, she'd post on Tuesdays. Finally, if she changed it to Tuesday she'd post on Wednesday. So let's just stick with Liza saying she post on Wednesday, but then she does it on Thursday, so we don't get this loop hole of days she'd post. Okay? Okay.
What was the song at 2:46
a video by her that didnt get to the trending list (i think)
Who else was like BROOOO😭😭 when she played Liam Payne
i just saw your comment god loves you
Hahahahah Liza is Soooooo funny I almost wet my pants oh wait I did 🤣🤣🤣
😂😂when she fell out the roof of her car. !! I was dead!💀💀💀
Am I the only one who wants to know the song at 4:25  I can't find another comment.
Can't wait for freakish to come out for season 2
please do a nail hack video
liza is the cutest human for there to ever be
Do a driving with Helga🙏🙏like if you agree
Liza and David.... are they still together?
WHEN SHE SAID PEEKABOO MY 1 YEAR OLD NIECE SAID IT TOO
my life is made
she does what pretty much goes on in our heads
im at a stop light so..
When your mom ask you what you to be when your older I want to be just like  Lizza Koshy  (Lizza just autocorrected to Pizza)
one time I missed the YA.....it was terrible
What a hit and run
Can you do a challenge eotj lordiy
hey liza. do you think Miranda sings is annoying.
Hey Lisa. You are so funny, this vid is epic. I hope you reach unmentionable heights and you remember your fans x All the best and positive vibrations for your future
Do a driving with Carlos
PLEASE DO MORE DRIVING WITH LIZA
Man i just love her so much!! ❤
yo this girl is INSANE
next time I see her she's going to be on TV
What does it look like while she is driving down the street
this is rhe same girl that likes emo music        meme
1 of the longest videos on Liza's channel...I'm here for it💛
ONE OH THREE POINT THREEEEE KAYYY ONE OH THREEEEE
Liza should start vlogging
23/
i can't breathe
True true
Ayyy liams song😍😍😍
AWESOME!!!!
Peekaboo😂
YAYYYYYYYY DWL AGAIN
😂 😂 😂
The bloopers oml they killed me they are hilarious HAHAHAHAAH OMLLL
haha pika boo
That butt slap was amazing! 😂😂😂
Finally!!!!
I Think I FINALLY FOUND CORYXKENSHIN SISTER SAMURAI SISTA
0:49 lol
Do more musical.ly plz
😂❤
Finally!!!!
Liza has a cute smile
Missed these so much !
ILoveYou Liza ❤️❤️❤️
Who gave Liza her license
Those Rey buns tho!
I MEAN PLEAAAAAAAAAAAASE
Upload more vids
I love her
I WANNA SEE WHEN CARLOS DRIVES AHAHA
watching 0:50 frame by frame is the best thing to do with my time
be an uber for a day an pick an drop youtubers :D
That hit and run though😂
Liza, you should do Science Class with Carlos! Like if you agree
You should do sing with liza!💜
liza is so great at youtube. I wonder if she could help with ytubes too.
Do a Driving with Carlos pleeease 😊👌
4:38 I can't😂😂😂
why is saving offline video unavailable!!???
Name a City?
3:25\nHer smile is soo cute
Liza, I heard you went to a Vid Con Right? In Melbourne, Australia?\nI Really wanted to go. I saw you on BTN when they were talking about Vid Con.\n;~; I was in Adelaide at that time.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n# My Dream Is Crushed ;~;\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nP.S Just Wondering if you have discord too?
It'll be a sad day if Tim gives Domo the boot. Domo is one of the family... why not get rid of Tim instead?
So disappointed in Tim.
Great, i really hate Tim now. please don't give Domo away :'(
Tim's attitude towards Domo is sad and disappointing! Your poor dog is stressed and is suffering from separation anxiety, and instead of trying to help comfort Domo, he wants to just get rid of him? Tim you don't deserve to even be loved by Domo...he's to good of a dog for you....
How month old is baby ayla?
i havent really noticed the reality of bub's height until i saw her with that stroller o.o
You should put isaac in swimming lessons!
Omg.... I love those cheeks!  Remind me of my daughter when she was a newborn....
she doesn't want the bottle because she's used to your boob.  The way they suck the nipple is different than the bottle nipple, so it probably frustrates and confuses her.  if you're going to do the bottle, then try sticking to the bottle only because going back and forth confuses them.  and hopefully.... she'll get used to the bottle nipple... good luck.
I rmb when I tried to give bottle to my daughter, I kind of fooled her into it. \nI would put her all set up in my breastfeeding position, pull out my boob, as she's about to latch on I put the bottle right there for her. from then on she was fine with bottle lol.
Make sure that the bottle nipple has the same shape and resistance as your nipple has she will take it better.
Domo looks so sad :( \nDomo was such a good big bro to Issac when Issac was a baby.  Please don't give up on him.
My daughter is exclusively breastfed and will only take a medela bottle I would try warming up the expressed milk with the nipple being warm my daughter was extremely picky about the temperature of the expressed milk and would only drink it if it was warm. I would also try pace feeding when bottle feeding it really worked well for my family and we introduced the bottle as soon as 5 day she will only take breast from me but takes the bottle with everyone else. I would also see if Tim can place a clothing item which smells like you when giving the bottle that may help also which could lay on his shoulder. I went back to work full time when my daughter was 10.5 weeks old she still favors the breast when I'm home but always will take the bottle of my expressed milk when I'm away.
Domo just misses the way things were poor dog.
Bubz you should train Domo to use the toilet!
Domo seems depressed and stressed because he isnt allowed to sleep with his owners. I dont mean to sound rude but thats most likely why hes been pooping all over the house. Thats why I dont allow my pets to sleep on the bed or in the room with me. They have their own little beds in the living room, maybe even try crate training him? I used to keep mine in a crate at night, it worked for me and my family.
Hey Bubz! I know you get a lot of comments, but I hope you read this one. Maybe you should think about putting Domo in a crate for the night. Dogs instinctively don't want to pee/poo where they sleep, so they will hold it until they are let out. He seems to me to be emotionally stressed because of the changes in the house, and letting him just downstairs gives him enough room to do what I like to call protest poos. I know it won't help with the stress, but it might save you from having to pick up poo every morning!
My baby is three months and is having an issue with taking the bottle as well. I noticed that when I hold him he refuses it but if I prop him on his Boppy and give it to him while he is on it, he takes it! I think that he associates me holding him with breastfeeding!
What if you put him in a kennel at night
OMG there the cuttest kids i have ever seen!!!
wait, what happens if Ayla wants to play with it in the future ? or u guys just dismantal the toy house and put the thing away? I know it's kinda not my biuness but it its a thought though.
your videos always cheer me up when i’m having a hard day!
I know the dogs can't sleep with you but what about if they slept with Isaac? It could possibly calm Domo's nerves. That or crate train him
8:42 at first i thought someone was bareass naked on your bed.... assumed it was Ayla. But just turns out to be your calves.
I think I've been watching bubzvlogz videos since 2014. It was in that year that I discovered that I had anxiety and depression, I had a hard time leaving home and ended up stopping my life for a year. The videos of this family were one of the forces that encouraged me to fight against my negative thoughts because I wanted to have a family like theirs. I remember how the dogs were clinging to both of them, and seeing Dommo that way makes me very sad. Of course, Tim and Lindy have two kids and that totally changes the dynamics of the house but hearing what Tim said broke my heart. I hope they can find a solution and that Dommo can overcome their anxiety! <3
As a mom that breastfed her babies, the advice I have is if you are going to give her milk using the bottles don't try to do so when you are around.  The baby smells you and she will refuse the bottles.  If that still doesn't work try using different types of bottle nipples until you find the one she likes (look for some that mimics the shape of yours). Good luck!
I just watched the first few seconds...and omg she is so freaking cute!! 😍
I haven't watched bubs in about 2 years omg!!!
For Domo, I would advise a vet who is also an ethology expert, they are experts on animal behaviour and are able to solve these problems in a kind way that can be long term solutions.
You're such a good mum!! 😭
Dear bubz, your family has grown and expanded, so u are in dire need of a new intro. Also, you live on a different continent.
Hearing that someone wants to get rid of a pet just because they're not acting perfect is seriously the saddest thing ever. I couldn't enjoy the rest of the vlog after hearing that. I never thought Tim could be that kind of a person..
I get why Bubz is so frustrated with her dog. She has a child and an infant and isn't sleeping much and all her patience is going to her kids. Now a dog that was trained to go poo in the proper place is having accidents every day. I have been there Bubz, hang in there. Sending your family love and hope people's suggestions help. :)  \nP.S. You guys make adorable babies!
WHY DOES YOUR INTRO HAVE TO BE SO LOUD
My dog had the same problem when she was slowly passing away, couldn't hold her bladder or bowels any longer. So we found a solution that worked with her and my other dog, he was a pup at the time and it really trained them both fast. It is a scented mat that you place anywhere in your home on the floor, and the dog will go straight to it and should do his business on that. It saves a lot of money getting a dog trainer in, we used to get ours in any pet store for under £5, usually went to a poundland, you'll get about 5 in a pack.
Poodles are very sensitive dogs and therefore can act out if there are changes to their normal routine. I owned a toy poodle like Domo, and he had many behavioral problems and was extremely difficult to train. Of course each dog is different and has their own personality so I don't want to group together all toy poodles. I feel their pain! T__T
Poor domo... It is not his fault. Dogs have the brain of a two year old. Maybe you should try keeping a good lot of pee pads in ever corner of the house where the dogs usually hang around?
Can you do a review of the stroller please? Demo how easy it is to fold etc thanks!! X
The indoor pooping could be ace anxiety. Our old pooch pooped indoors until she had a crate. We didn't have to shut her in but she felt like she had a 'den' and she was less anxious about the big downstairs space and the pooping stopped xx
Have you considered putting Dommo in a crate at night?
one thing that's helped my anxious dog was installing a doggy door because whenever he has a bit of a freakout he can't decide between being indoors or outdoors. Also, if you scold Domo for pooping in the house, he won't stop doing it but instead he'll be more likely to poop in hidden places so you won't see it and tell him off. working with rewards and positive reinforcement whenever he poops outside or on a pee pad should help.
At 38 seconds,maybe the cutest baby picture that I have ever seen on youtube!
If anyone has already said this mix your breast milk with some of the formula and then slowly add more formula to the mix as time goes by
Have you thought about putting Domo in a crate just for the night time?
im still waking up twice with a 13 month old 😂💔 so jealous
Poor domo. He may be depressed
I feel so bad for bubz having to come here and read a bunch of comments from people dragging on Tim, especially when nobody knows anything more than what bubz mentioned in the video.  I'd be so angry if I were raising two kids, taking care of two dogs, and managing a channel, just to come here to read comments from people acting like they're an expert on my life and my relationship.  Most of the comments seem to come from people who have no idea what it's like to be married, let alone have children and dogs and bills and actual responsibilities.  People need to dethrone themselves from their soapboxes.
probably already mentioned in comments below- domo seems to have separation anxiety (it can manifest in lots of ways) ild recommend hiring a dog behaviorist / trainer as they are able to come to your house and assess the dog and situation along with giving help.
There YouTube I FUCKING watched it.  YOU HAPPY!
Shes so cute
Poor Domo. He probably feels unwanted. Animals do sense our vibes.
feel bad for Domo.
Awwww, Ayla looks so much like Granny Bubz.
I miss you guys alreadyy :(((
Don't give away Domo!!!
Ayla looks like Granny Bubz xD
Well for starters, you should never scold a dog for doing their business inside. They will only learn to poop or pee inside when you aren't around to see. And if it goes time between him pooping and being scolded he won't understand why you are yelling at him. It's better to use positive reinforcement when they do what you want them to, in this case do their business outside. For example, give food or compliments when he does it.
Lol the baby so cute. She look like a old granny with a smooth face and no teeth when smiling. Kawaiiiiiiiii ☺️
Oh my God, Ayla is such a precious little bundle, I just want to cuddle her.
I understand the frustration with a pet with a new baby. You feel like you’ve got enough on your plate. My cat is really cute but very very naughty. He used to stand next to the baby’s cot and howl (no idea why he howls like a dog) and I used to go mad and chase him away! I just had no more patience. He’s always been a mischievous monkey and he’s very needy. I’m on holiday at the minute and my mum has had to stay at ours 😂 6 months later though when it calmed down it all returned to normal. Less stress overall. It’s not the pet’s fault of course but I understand with a newborn your head can’t fathom ANYTHING else. Like I couldn’t work out how to unlock my phone lol. I’m sure you’ll sort something though x
My son refused the bottle early on, whether it contained formula or breastmilk. I found a great website called Kellymom, and one of the advices there was to give baby the milk with a spoon, a dropper or a shot glass. The shot glass worked surprisingly well in our case.
You guys have to do a new intro now since you have Ayla
Lovely to hear some Northern Irish vloggers!!
The situation with Domo happened to my parents as well with their cat! Basically the cat went crazy with jealousy when my brother was born because my mom was more focused on my brother over the cat. So he pooped everywhere including the closet. In the end they put him down but I'm not sure if that was because he got crazy jealous or it could be other things wrong with him as well. The other cat my parents raised was fine and he ended up growing up with my brother and I before he passed away at like 19 years old. Hope you find a solution to Domo!
Time for a new introooo
maybe leave Domo and Chubbi in the bathroom or get gates and connect them to the wall with paddings on the floor and leave the dogs in there when you and Tim go to bed.
Maybe you could bring both dogs to a pet trainer... Domo for the pooping and Chubbi for the exessive barking (he literally barks with every loud sound, quite annoyong if you ask me). Also in an ols vlog when Isaac was younger, I saw Chubbi snap at him in a vlog...thats just not safe.
Congratulations!!! It’s 10th on trending! ❤️
If he wants to pop all night you should have him caged up so he can stop, it won't hurt him. The cage will be a smaller space where he will know he is safe.
Omg poor Domo!  Please crate Domo at night. At least until the can sleep in the room again.
Hey bubz loving ur family!! Hope giving domo away is Nv an option!! I am sure he is just having separation anxiety. Just his way of showing u tt he is afraid to be downstairs... do consider training him again!! :)
Maybe crate train Domo? Dogs usually won't poop in their sleeping area.
I really thought Tim and Bubz would have named Ayla Isabella to kinda compliment Isaacs name.
Bubs, I just want to say you've helped me grow up so much as a person. I used to refuse to think one day I was going to settle down, grow up and have kids of my own, but because of you I look forward to it! You've showed me how beautiful it is to get married and have children and I just want to thank you for always making my days better. I look forward to your videos every day. You are truly such a beautiful person inside and out. Thank you so much for deciding one day to pick up a camera and join YouTube because you've truly changed my outlook on life for the better 💕
Have you thought of craft training domo. Dogs won't poo where they sleep and eat so it makes him hold it until morning. We did this with our two dog until they learned to wait until they're outside.
I know how you feel about your baby not drinking expressed milk. My son was exclusively breastfed because he wouldn't take any artificial nipples. 😕\nI've heard trying out different types of nipple/bottle brands that are made for breastfeeding babies. Sometimes they will be advertised as mimics the breast etc. \nPart of the reason why some babies don't take to bottle and breastfeeding is because the way they suck from the bottle is different from the way they suck from a breast. So you have to find the bottles with nipples that are slow flow and also will release the milk when baby sucks a certain way. This involves a lot of research lol\nWith my son, I didn't know any of this but, now I'm pregnant with my third baby and I plan to alternate between bottle and breast to give me a break too. I hope this helps! 🤗🤗\nAlso, about Domo going potty in the house, maybe it's not just him needing to potty but, anxiety. Having another baby is stressful for some dogs. I would try maybe kenneling him at night instead of having him roam the house. \nTry putting a really comfy bed in his kennel with toys and stuff to keep him busy at night. Get him a kennel large enough for him to stand and turn around in but not too big to where he can walk around in it. Fill it with comfy bed and toys (if he likes peanut butter try using the toys you can put peanut butter in and refrigerate it). Give him the toy with the peanut butter at night before you go to bed. \nThat way he is comfortable and distracted until you guys let him out to potty in the morning. With kenneling, it is to help dogs feel safe and since most dogs won't go potty where they sleep, it helps. 😊
Getting rid of domo is like getting rid of your child!!!!!
Hi Bubz (please read for doggy tips), thought I'd pop a comment in on the Domo situation. First of all his pooping is definitely a form of anxiety and this may be down to seperation anxiety now that he cannot sleep with you; however as far as I can remember watching your videos long before Domo came along, he has always had an issue with not being fully toilet trained. \n\nYou may find crate training him the best way to go; some people think crate training is a bad idea because they think you are caging the animal but actually a crate creates a safe space or 'den' for a dog and can give them somewhere that they can go that is quiet and relaxing. It would be best to put it in a place somewhere where Isaac cannot get to so that if he feels the need to go and chill out he can without being followed. You will need to teach him that the crate is his safe space so crate train him with you in sight first of all before moving him to a quiet area, feed him treats and associate the crate with good behaviour and praise. Start shutting him in at night instead of giving him the run of the house, as not only will he feel safe and secure in the crate but dogs don't mess in the areas where they sleep. Also NEVER EVER shut a nervous, anxious or excited dog in a crate. Make sure that Domo is happy and relaxed every time he goes in it, especially before closing the door on him. Crate training will be best done without the distraction or loud noises of children around and focusing entirely on that could have him trained in a few hours to associate the crate with a relaxing place.\n\nSecondly he will need to be trained again properly how to go outside, he's not too old so he will learn quickly. Again this will need to be done without the distraction of your children or at least keep Isaac inside when you let the dogs out to do their business. Like with puppies you should praise them highly with petting and a treat immediately after they have done their business outside so that they know that is where to go. That puppy training pad (if you still have it) should be removed as Domo is associating that he is still allowed to go indoors, you want him to go ONLY outdoors with no other options. If you are unable to do this then finding a trainer to focus on it when you are unable to is another option.\n\nDogs should be walked twice a day; the more the dogs go outside on the grass and are praised, they will also learn that it is good to mess outside. I walk a dog that refuses to go in it's garden and will only go out on his walk, so walking them lots will be a good opportunity for them to empty their bowels as well as increasing their happiness and tiring them out at bedtime with will result in lessening his anxiety.\n\nLastly do not tell off a dog hours after they have done something wrong, dogs will not understand what they did as it has been too long to make the connection. You should only tell a dog off when you have caught them in the act, telling them off hours later is just wasting your breath. Simply clean up the mess and bleach the floor so the scent of the mess has been removed, this will help to stop Domo from connecting that spot with being a place he can mess in.\n\nI hope this helps, I am currently doing an animal care course. It would be really sad for you to get rid of Domo but it is not uncommon for people to put their pets up for adoption when there is something they can't deal with or no longer have the time for them. Having two children is incredibly stressful but you do have to ask the ultimate question as to whether or not you can continue to offer your pets the highest level of care they need. If you cannot give that a definite answer then perhaps having them adopted to someone who does have the time will make them have the happier and routine life they require, as much as it might hurt you. I hope you manage to sort this soon!
It high key made me sad to hear that Tim might not want to keep Domo😢😭
I mean, I am sure Tim has his favourites but that doesn't mean he should give lesser favourites away. Especially when it comes to pets or children. The dogs were like your first children and we have seen them grow up. So you can understand why a few pet lovers here would consider that a horrible thought. Pets are a responsibility that we choose to adopt in the end, they won't always behave as expected.
this is my first video of yours and you speak Cantonese! Are you from Hong Kong too?
Oh Bubz! Please please I hope you find a good solution for Domo's problem. I really feel bad for the poor creauture. I know that raising 2 kids is no easy task. But Domo needs you. You were Domo's and Chubbi's mommy before Issac and Ayla came. Chubbi has always been more understanding and mature than Domo. He is the baby. Just pet him and let him know that you still love him. He'd be all right. I just want your family to be happy, Lindy. and that includes Chubbi and Domo too. \nLove from a sister
I just wish there is more Domo and Chubby in your vlogs. Bubz you do have a lovely family, and your child is so cute but Ayla and isaac are such cutties, and you focus more on them. And now i feel like your dogs are kind of not getting involved in your vlogs now a days .-.
First time watching your videos and I was like CANTONESE :OOO
Maybe Dommo's depressed after all the happenings.. Poor dog, but I'm sure he will get through.. I'm just sad seeing him like that :(
Mummy yucky eyebrows 😅😅😅
<3
Maaajor baby fever 😍😍😍😍
2:21 hahahah Isaac so cute!
I laughed so hard when isaac said mummy yucky eyebrows hahahaha so cuteeeeeeeeee!! ♥
I don't think we should be so quick to judge other people's words, especially since we are third party viewers and don't have the full story. I imagine it must be a very exhausting and busy time for their family with two young children, two dogs, and work. Of course it's stressful and frustrating seeing poop every morning on top of everything else. Personally I would never give away a dog, but sometimes you say and feel these things because you're stressed and frustrated. It's easy for outsiders to look in and say poop isn't a big deal just keep trying to find a solution, don't give up! I do believe they should keep trying but I'm sure it's also exhausting. I believe in Lindy and Tim and know they are doing their best for their family. Cut them both some slack...nobody is perfect. I'm sure Tim is having a rough time too, maybe more than we as viewers can understand from a vlog taken in Lindy's perspective.
Ayla looks like Joey Marie Choi lol
how cute 😙😙
❤️❤️❤️
Aww, poor domo :(
I was going to keep quiet, but.. It is really horrible how people are being horrible to Tim, like honestly no one is perfect, Tim is a father as well it could be bad for Issac and baby, with poo everywhere. I know dogs are everything, etc. esp. to a lot of people in the  comment section. Lindy and Tim will work this out as a family, and Lindy loves Domo, and Domo is family, people can voice concerns like Tim can, so simmer down a bit, smh
WTF?! How can he even consider giving Domo away especially for a simple problem that can be solved through  crate training!! ??? I've only had my puppy for 2 months and it was  difficult at first with his training but never in a million years would I give him away !!!
Happy that you arent giving up on Domo. I would loose a lot of repesct torwards anyone who would give up their pets in favor of their human children.
Its literally just a dog. Liny and Tim have children which are far more important. I wouldn't even let the dogs in the bedroom in the day tbh. All those nasty germs, and especially with a baby. <_<
Love to you all! Perhaps with Chubby and Domo, you could start crate training at night. Each dog gets a roomy one with comfy bedding or blankets,  but they get trained to go to bed after their last time out to poo before bed. It may or may not help.
Clara is an amazing interviewer, Always really knows the projects of the person she interviews, genuinely cares about their answers and doesn't make anything awkward or cross lines by asking things too personal. :) loved this
I just realized I haven't heard him speak before? lol
I feel bad I stole a lil episode - Jay Z on Game Of Thrones
I'm a fan of Jay Z, and i must admit this interview was great, wasn't just about music but also talks about the other Shawn Carter. Flexible interview well done
This girl is good well done Clara
Jay-Z bought a lot of project buildings around Brooklyn just to give back to his neighborhood and the rental rates are much lower than the government rates. He doesn't make any money out of it after all costs but it's simply a caring gesture for his community.
Y'all think small I think BIGGIE
Jay Z — I have no idea what that show is \nJay Z — I think I've been on that show, yeah, yeah
I really love Clara, she always listens so intently and is so keen, she obviously does her research and gets personally close to the music beforehand and has relevant, interesting questions. Love seeing these interviews!
444
These streets school us to spend our money foolish.
I think Jay is finally being the artist he’s always wanted to be. He’s clearly stated in his music that he sold out and made pop records on purpose. “I sold 5 mil and ain’t been rhyming like common sense” I know it’s early but this album will be looked at as another classic in his catalog.
Love the hair glad I'm not the only afro lover
Who's this black goddess
This guy has respect for a mass child murderer named Barack Obama. How are we supposed to take these ignorant Coons seriously when their morality is based strictly on convenience. Donald Trump's a scumbag just like every other president. They drop thousands of bombs on  people all over the world murdering all kinds of innocent civilians for wealth and power. Obama government overthrew the democratically elected president of Honduras soon after he was elected. He overthrew Gaddafi in Libya thereby causing the genocide of tens of thousands of black libyans and precipitating a slave trade of black Africans in Libya but Jay-Z respects Obama and does not respect Trump. No doubt Trump will commit his own crimes against humanity but as of yet he's perpetrated nowhere near the evil that Obama, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Reagan Etc. all perpetrated. This just shows how ignorant Jay-Z is along with most people in this world period mass murder is normal and acceptable and you can be a respectable human being even though you a mass murderer. To be so devoid of any awareness of the sheer extent of suffering and anguish and pain that his friend Obama caused all over the world is quite frankly sickening and putrid.
Clara grinning bare teeth
shut up and take these beats jigga
If my new video gets 1k views in 24 hours i will be giving away my old i phone 7s (i have upgraded phone so i don't need it)
After ducking and covering non stop  for this subject matter so many time now that all these other major black people said shit now he speaks?
If I had a £1 for every time this twat mentioned the word life I'd be a fucking rich lad!!
15:25 Have you got anything written down?\n\nJay : ..... Did it all without a pen... saw that one comin' but had to remind y'all again
On game of thrones: What you want me to do People bootlegged  my albums😂😂
jay z is like damn near 50 i can say whatever i want!
Jay talking about Ye at the end
I meant to give it a quick scan, ended up watching the whole thing. Clara is expert at this.
Jay is so sweet
historical some agent store rent heart alive respondent dog.
Lol i lost my 444 album CD , now im bootlegging it . I have every right to do it . Especially after what i just heard
Her skin is glowing!!!!!!! Radiant as fuck! Beautiful!!!
Can't believe he declined to perform at the SuperBowl, I always envisioned him doing that.
Is Jay-Z doing a duet with Angie Stone?
Ego yeah all you fools feeding into satan spawn, this guy is a Freemason and part of mind control with crap that coming out music industry! Don't touch real artists like Marley Hendrix. Bb king Dylan Clapton. Just a piss take with and samples other tunes. BLM BLACK ON BLACK CRIME IS BLM FOR YOU and black always resist most of time are thugs anyway. All bunch of pricks to me.
Yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!\nI LOOOOOVE that Jay-Z watched the leaked GOT episode like the rest of us!
definitely you can see the condensed jay z...
I'm on the side of right. I don't have no alliances to anything that's not on the side of right. lol
Some people are just made perfect, example jay z
I figured he was still working #noHaircut = #AlbumMode
When things are darkest, light is on it’s way.
Im so glad that they used a reg title and not a headline title
Yeah... lol this is a sophisticated person that I want my 6 year old listening to...\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=jay+z+middle+finger&client=ms-android-att-us&prmd=ivn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjkqMPS-rrWAhUM4SYKHf83CUMQ_AUIESgB&biw=412&bih=652&dpr=3.5
Peace in the name of Christ. Somebody please get the following short vid in front of Jay Z: https://youtu.be/pFb0Xu2xJYg
this was wrong that was wrong let's move own
Capitalism and freedom read the 📚book
Wonderful interview. I have so much respect and admiration for Jay.
Keep doing what you're doing Jay Z. Many have so much opinion about what you are and what you are doing.  Until you are no longer here only then will the world and us as a people ( black ) overstand your importance. \nPeace my brother
Great interview!!!
Still nigga
MADDD JAY Z WEARING MKI JACKET (small independent shop in Leeds )
Clara did well here
Vibes 👑❤💛💚
🐐
aj hit me at 13608695366
We can't afford any mistakes at this point
Jay is intellectual and from an early age knew exactly how to promote his image to the world. He is an icon in my eyes.
Never seen a ceiling in my whole life Yeah, of course Jay Z's 5 year old daughter wrote/freestyled that. Jay Z is my favourite rapper, but damn this man talks some shit!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Give the man a glass of water he keeps apologizing about his voice...
everything he touches goes platinum
🐐
Hov 🙌
Jigga jay z
yet another great jigga interview
Pure inspiration.
obama ass licker
Barrs
🐐🐐
Marcy's very own🥃
Spits truth
*7:04** to **7:34* respect!
Fuck Jay Z- Ether Voice.
Great interview
Damn Clara is Fine! With a capital F!
We won't see another interview with Hov in a long time. Appreciate this one! The greatest of all time Jiggaman Jay HOVA!
He is here to be on the right side yet rapped at a Hillary Clinton campaign, errrr ok Jay, obviously doesn't know much about the Clinton Foundation, background and crimes!\nAnd then basically says its ok to rob people with mansions, so next time anyone sees Jay its ok to rob him, what a moron!
He just gets better with age!
Great interview. Well done Clara!!
2027
AMAZING interview
14:47 I'm surprised all of you sheep didn't catch that. Well..actually, I'm not surprised. He's trying to justify a burglary. If I'm being oppressed and you have this big nice mansion with all of this, I'm coming inside there. That's gonna happen, that's just how life is.\n\nI have a better idea Jay Z, let's break in to your home, rob, and beat your ass because as you like to put it..that's just how life is..........smfh.
All U pervert guys luv him\nHe sold his soul to d devil and he got twins this was done by the Satanic ritual\nHis a devil\nSatan worshipper facts
She must use a lot of cream for her dry skin and that hair wow how bad must some1 feel with hair like that
Hes fucking adorable
I'm telling this for just to people know that this guy may look like humble and shit in front of camera and shit but he isn't this deep shit is a pedophile, satanist and a part of that illuminati shit... some people may not believe I will tell them to look things up..
They say if you love it you should let it out its cage & fuck it if it comes back you know its here to stay👀
Can't concentrate when this guy talks.
I'm guessing Hov was here for the Basquiat exhibition.
was waiting on a question about chester tbh
GAY Z
https://youtu.be/VDvr08sCPOc
HOVA
Great interview
Mr potato  head
illuminati and the bbc go hand in hand
With all that money and he can't even fix his ugly face?
j-z do you have any guilt for selling poison to your people?
Damn that black bitch is ugly as hell !
I just realised I've never actually seen what Clara Amfo looks like. I can now categorically say she looks as annoying as she sounds.
Chipmunk cheek asshole
4:44 is 666 upside down
jay z you're a legend but please stop talking bout politics cuz you know shit
That cup is shown more than her kids
this is a wonderful quality video
I REALLY want my mum to try it
She seems like a super star mom
Everyone ever was raised wrong, there is a way to raise a genius, Ai will figure it out
There's no coffee in that cup.
I would ask not to go to school
I like her hair
Now say no for a week
If my mum did this I'd say can u do my homework
Wow. I learned a lot from this. Will try to be more flexible and trusting in the future!
my parents would be broke if they did this
CAN I GET A HOOYAHH
I will say yes to my friends tomorrow in one week I'm  scare
Coffee and no wine mom?
I only said no to clicking on click bait videos for a week. It didn't work.
Wyatt's a good name
The only thing I think that COULD go wrong (not saying it does every time with children) is when you raise them getting everything they want growing up and they expect that in life as they grow up, I grew up in a strict southern household so this is very different from what I experienced but I do think if there’s a good mixture between yes and no they won’t expect everything to be handed to them in life I think she’s doing a very great job
Mom, can I kill myself?\nYes dear,
If I was one of the kids I'd ask if she would only say yes forever!!😏😏😏
I would ask an iPhone 7+ an Apple Watch Maverick Merch
I had to watch an entire CaseyNeistat video as an ad for the video...kill me
Play soccer for dinner. Didnt know that was an option
Spaghetti tacos were from iCarly, and I remember being seven and eating them for dinner with my dad. They're actually pretty great.
Imagine if they said if they could go to Disneyland...
This is actually really cute not like usual buzz feed where we need a political opinion in every message. It’s more like people being people. We brought back the humanity of everything.
Anyone know her name or social media
I would ask for an Lg V30
It’s fake why would little kids want Starbucks 😂
Guys she was filming with a potato
I used to eat spaghetti sandwiches with two toast and butter, all the time when I was a kid.\nI could eat sandwiches for any meal, banana with peanut butter on toast sandwiches was my favorite snack.
subscribe to me & my gf YouTube channel please we will start posting this week . anybody subscribe thank you so much
why did she have a cup of a coffee in all of the clips
I think saying yes sometimes is definitely a good thing :) picnics in the park are so much fun, especially when the kids can play & get energy out before bed time. With my future kids I definitely want them to be able to express themselves and have choices they can make, to a point of course but nonetheless.
I feel like i know her irl
This was heart warming <3
This was so cute
I actually want to try a spaghetti taco
it's the best day ever?\nyeah :D\ntill' she scores on you. \n\n\n\n\n\n\ndad goals
MY NAME IS WYATT
I'll ask for a small loan of a million dollars.
So this is how half of the Democratic Party is made.
I’d ask for the most sick gaming computer and like a 500 dollar gift card
Hang on...busy parent and she has TWO kids😂😂😂 yeah ok “busy” my ass🙄🙄
If my mom did that I would soon \ncatch on and then ask for a puppy XD
My name is Hannah too😃
I don't think you can get a follow from you guys so much but it's not much fun at all times but it doesn't have the best time of year to play the soccer ⚽️ with a good 😊 of a challenge because you can challenge a challenge for the game to play with the game and then challenge you to challenge the challenge of you and then you enjoy it a challenge to play it sports and then the games are the same thing you have been good thank you.
I was waiting for can we get a puppy?
Yup, I can definitely tell her child has been watching icarly.
I thought the question that they ask constantly was going to be puppy related
It make me cry knowing I never did this stuff 😢
This is completely dillisional. Especially seeing she is probably spoiled by her loaded husband.
Mom, can I have a pony?\n...
mom can you buy me a lambo, Yes.\nMom can you give me 100 dollars, Yes.\nMom Can you take me to the airport so i can go to hawwai? Yes Btw 200 bucks, Yes. LOLOLOL
Picnic is so cute family time
If my mum did this I'd be like mum get me the new iPhone x
I want to try a spaghetti taco :c
i was a little frightened to see this title, until she started talking about the ground rules
Subscribe to my channel
omg I would love if it was 85 degrees during a walk
If you did this with teen kids you will pretty much will end up will no money real fast
I thought you were going to end up in Disney World
I hope your kids continue to play soccer :) good luck
why is she always holding a cup of coffee
If those wear teens. Can I get a tattoo. Can i date. Can I bring my boyfriend up to my room. Can i move in with my friend. And a bunch more
I used to ask my parents for spaghetti tacos all the time
I LOVE HER HAIR!!
And after this video she will say NO till the end of their lives
-I would  have prolly jumped out the window saying yes for a week-
If my parents did this I would ask for an iPhone 8+ gold color
Jacksons a savage
OMFG!  She's sooo pretty!
icarly goalz
such an adorable family I swear :
play soccer for dinner
She is so pretty omg ❤
I want spaghetti tacos ☹️
Lol she thinks 85 degrees is hot. Thats cute.
1:40 she had makeup. fuqin faker.
Icarly spaghetti tacos😂😂😂😂
Nice
what a beautiful family omg
My names wyatt
Spaghetti tacos? Whos been watching i carly?
Spaghetti tacos is from iCarly.
Those poor kids... Excited to go to Buzzfeed...
shes a beautiful soul
Dude the icarly reference from the kids tho
Spaghetti tacos from Icarly!!!!
Walking to Starbucks to get healthy.
spaghetti tacos...my childhood is complete, thx sam and carly
Try inline hockey
Kool
Spaghetti Tacos 🤤
She reminds me of Lisbug
Aww so cute
Why do I want spaghetti Tacos now?
Hard shell spaguetti taco?
Spaghetti taco is from icarly
Only 85 degrees is easy to run a mile in AZ.. I just ran 1.5 miles in 110 degrees in Arizona
What up #TeamSuper?! Make sure and go give my girl LaurDIY and my boy Alex Wassabi some LOVE! And guess what else?! IT'S TIME FOR SUPER SIXTY!!! I'll be replying to your comments below for the next 60 minutes :) xx
😂😂😂 the quirk 😂😂😂 in LITERALLY dead I can't breath 😂
im three days late. bet you wanna read this
6:56 why is Alex just turn his hat at the back and turn it again at front
Go Seahawks because I live in taco ma washington
You should do a kid subscribe musiclly reaction my musiclly is memesocool06
Aww Lauren's face at the firts one was the cutest and funniest!!
*Girl, he gay!*\nI DIED 😂😂😂
It's funny how she says she's superwoman but she's a unicorn
Girl he gay😂😂😂😂I'm dead 💀😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Lily when yuh coming to Jamaica so we can chat in patois cause girl mi ready
i am your biggest fan lilly..
When you want them to reply, but your internet is so SLOW JcjznskdhNJzus. Gdjebdheldjebrhdjdbdbdjeu \nSave me
but alex does have a brother 😉😉
do u think alex is hot?
anyone who subs to my channel i will sub back !
alex’s laugh is the best 😂
They have actually have been dating for 2 years
When his all like \nHey j..jen.jennifer\nI was like boiiii you a playa no jk
Jennifer is a great name
Lauren super ate a candy at the end. Her tongue at 8:05. Lol
Hey I have shared a chat with u so can u plz go on its called peeps
SUB TO MY CHANNEL IF U LOVE GOD
My name is Jennifer so the jennifer part made me lol
At 7:13 it's like MALK
Are you by any chance going to work with Mattias
3, 4, And 5  \n\nmy friends would always date those dude! 🙄🙄🙄LITERALLY! my friends never change their ideal types! \n\n(MY FRIENDS AND I R ONLY IN FACKING 6TH GRADE!!!!!)
Also 5:54 I legit was drinking water and spit it out all over my computer screen 😂😂😂
Maybe the dude got you an iPod Shuffle because he’s a bad boyfriend.
1:02 their faces I can’t 😂
yo tell me why the quirk is me. I laugh until I run out of oxygen.
lol the last one was totally me
can you please try to make a video with The Dolan Twins??????
I love u guys
Subscribe to me or else your bad luck for the rest of your life
I sent my bff this to watch hahahaha
Lauren’s face the entire time!!😂😂😂😂😂
I love the Seahawks
I am the quirk I say words as I read them and tend to mispronounce words and my friends make fun of me 😂
I subscribe to iisuperwomanii and I'm a boy
I love when she's naming the actresses with the first name Jennifer and is just looking around lmao
are you ever gonna color your hair ?
I'm 3 days late does that count for a comment??\n\nNo?? Ok🙁
we have the same glasses
xD  my name is jennifer
I'm watching bad mom's right now and your Alon there
good
PLS REACT TO DNA FROM BTS!!!
OMG #LAUREX😍💗💓💕💙
Love you'se
loved it lol
Hello plz reply
hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
hi
Colab with Logan Paul
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=25198
6:32 actually me.
LOVE YOU BOTH... 😂 lol 😂
i subscribed
excellent
This was great
TeamSuperLaurex
Where did u get ur purple bander??
Love you
YASS
ill just have the parm esian\n parmesan\nBless you\nIM CRYING LILY 😂😂😂
hi
This was not relatable
i NEED a blooper reel
Hi🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆🙆
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcme86rYwnI
LaurDIY's dimples just completes her look! 😍😂
Hi
Heyoooo
Laurex
SEAHAWKS YASSSSS YOUR RIGHT
Parmesan.                                                                                                                                       Bless you.
understandable 😑
Hiiiii
Lilly: “parmesan”\nAlex: “bless you”\n😂😂
.DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
MEWW
HARMONIZERS!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi
OMG I love the Seahawks toooo!!!!!!!!!!
B4 1 million views squad
Forever ship independent region attribute abortion distant luck.
Your cool
YEAH GO HAWKS
superwoman stop ducking and come holla at cho boi!
I love Laurex so much!!❤
Hey plz talk to me
This was such a good video! ❤️😂
I cracked up so hard at the quirk 😂
Hold up did she say hot brother she can scoop up???? Alex has a brother :) #liron
Make a prank were you trick luren into thinking your making out with Alex wassabi
Video starts at 0:00 Thank me later
Scribe to all of you
I love u superwoman and Lurex
*-Noice.-*
one piece is a really short anime, (time wise per episode that is) later story arcs are 1/4th padding, credits and continuation trailers. you can bingewatch the entire series within a few days if you have time to just sit and watch anime
I just watched episode 806 of one piece and I am feeling hype! No spoilers, but it soooo makes watching one piece worth it.
Yeah more anime theorys come on MatPad we want an  evangelion theory ...Pretty please
If she's burned, then her atoms are not being destroyed, only her chemical bonds. Therefore, the philosopher's stone would have to be incredibly wasteful to construct 100% new matter and atoms to regenerate herself when it could use way less energy by simply putting her atoms back together that were burned off of her skeleton. Fire does not destroy atoms. She does not have to spend terajoules of energy making more.
A theory cannot be created from nothing\n\nSometimes, MatPat, you make me wonder...
What if you made a philosophers stone from the soul of every living human being except one (because that one person would need to make the stone)
Gotta fell bad for that one guy whose soul was cut into seven pieces
Hey matpat, big fan. I don't know if you take requests, but I think a cool theory would be if you could figure out what country fez from that 70s show is from. There's plenty of hints, but it's never confirmed. Just an idea.
You use a keyblade willy nilly, and yet you won't do a kingdom hearts theory.
What about all the souls lust uses up until that point, to survive, use her powers and regenerate other wounds?
Thanks to this video I binged watched Boku No Hero Acedemia for 2 straight days, thanks
one soul can blow up Manhattan? Thats what I call a spirit bomb. c:
mat I have one little problem and that is the body and soul are intertwined and I know that mass is not loosest {loosest is a superlative adjective and I had to look it up when autocorrect had come up with it} upon death but energy is not converted from food after that point. and I know that regular matter has energy like that unless upon eating an apple you also kill it but fruit naturally decay over time as it is the universal order of cellular degradation even on the tree still. So what would the ratio of soul-energy to energy of physical matter in the human body and don't throw this off I know that the amount of matter used in those bombs is quantifiable {most likely for a recipe for destruction for amount used}\n\nI AM NOT BEING THIS WAY FOR THE HECK OF IT, when I was in elementary I choose to do a project with Einstein as my subject and as such, i think you can do better than this and send the flame/hate my way as I could use it to keep myself warm for the winter months
Math is wrong, but nice try.
But mat pat! There is a way easier way to become immortal and you are ALREADY DOING IT! Keep making videos, or even record other lessons you want to teach that aren't about video games, anime or moves. Your life, your knowledge and everything you where, and are now. digitally stored on the Internet for eternity. Or until the heat death of the universe... So almost eternity! The next best thing is SOMA yourself into an AI and become the most entertaining and educational robot with a perfect human interface. Who knows maybe by that time you'll be amounts the stars, on a spacecraft where no one but you and maybe other robots get your jokes about pop culture of today!
Did you just call manga comics?
All those anime title drops so early on, I'm just gonna call that this episode was sponsored by either Vrv or Crunchyroll
what culture is rolf from in ed edd n eddy
Do the IT PLZZ
can you do a sherlock episode?!
Wouldn't hoenheim and Father each received half of the 500k souls? Hoenheim says he learned the names of everyone who died. So the real number should only be 250k or so each, cutting the homunculi numbers in half as well.
Motherfucker did you just call manga comics?!!! (Not actually mad I just thought it was funny.)
well to be fair you have to also consider that father has been causing massive wars all over the place, which means he could also be harvesting extra souls from that as well. And since the homunculus live for such a long time we have no idea if they were injured or killed earlier in their life cycle.
could it be that the philosopher's stone just regenerate the brain's dead cells on their brains since they wouldn't go senil and that could make them smarter? （' - '、\nor at least give them better long lasting memories?
He called it a comic............*TRIGGERED*
but that number should be halved right? since father has half of what hes supposed to have. according to this hohenheim has the full 500k souls and father split his souls to create the homunculus. so father attained immortality using 250k souls.
Hold up...\n\n\n\n\nDo we actually have a electric and fighting type Pokemon?
This was released on my birthday!!!!
That dub is so painful
I figured out something about gravity falls and rick and Morty I think blendin the time traveling guy is a older version of Morty just listen to is voice and stutter he sounds just like Morty and to get the best hearing of his voice watch season 2 ep 17 at 23:29 just look it up on youtube
Slight miscalculation on the math. While it's a solid enough number for 6 of the 7 homunculi, specifically Wrath was made with exactly 1 soul.
one small but not insignificant thing missed is that when mustang starts toasting her up real nice she has already regenerated at least 2 times. this would change the numbers a considerable bit. Plus all of the minor regeneration she had.. and this is just in the show assuming noone else ever got a hit in on her.
wait wouldn't you at some point have to also account for how hot mustangs flames are
So, a couple years ago I asked for a Girls Und Panzer Theory on the landmass for the boats. \nStill waiting on that, buddy.
Omg this was uploaded on my birthday
But, what about all the previous regenerations that Lust had to go through before being fried by Roy Mustang - she definitely consumed several of her souls before, which means that the energy she had when she faced mustang was not the full amount, right?
Lust regenerates her clothes when she's burnt to a crisp......... reminds me of Tokyo ghoul regeneration.
Do another Rick and Morty episode! now that Evil Morty is back and after Morty’s Mind Blowers you got to have to! Please! Like if you agree.
I've seen one piece subbed and dubbed
I got a concussion in a football game and didn't need trainer help, does that make my soul worth more?
Love your newest FMA theory... but sorry to be nickpicky about this...At around 8:00 I remember that Father simply used some of the souls he has to cut off the energy of the tectonic plates that the Amestrian alchemists used to power their alchemy. This was to make sure he has power over his chosen human sacrifices. Later in episode 61, Father loses this advantage thanks to Scar activating the nationwide alkehestry circle to restore the Amestrian alchemists' alchemy back to the way it should've been.For the most part, your theory is based on possible assumptions.However, you have to take into account that maybe not all of the Homunculi are created equal. It's possible that some have more souls in their philosopher stones than others. For example, Envy seems to contain a lot considering he's (or should I use it since I don't think Envy even has a definite gender?) been killed throughout the series quite a number of times and still have plenty left over even after his sacrificing some of his stone to get out of Gluttony's stomach stint. But unlike Pride, who was practically half-dead from forcing Roy to perform human transmutation, Envy was relatively fine.You also haven't taken into account that they also use their stones to do the things they can, like transforming into another person, creating shadow appendages, changing their body into a carbon-based armor, and creating long fingernail spears. Going back to Envy again, how many times have we seen Envy transform on screen? Considering it was given the responsibility for keeping track of the ongoings of the country and military via infiltration, it'll probably have used up all supposed 38,309 souls by the time the series started.But anyways, sorry for the rambling. If anyone has taken the time to read this, thank you so much for listening to my rant. Love you and your work always, Game Theory~ Please take your time and keep up the good quality content as usual~ ღゝ◡╹)ノ♡
I guess you could say Ed has a SHORT temper
You know... I can't think of any amine theories. You'd think after 15 years of watching anime we'd have more... Other than a couple from Avatar: Last Air Bender, but that's more because it just kind of... ended without some answers.\n\n11:06 Is that the magic sound from The Slayers? Or do multiple anime's use that. Cause Lina Inverse changes jewels to coins with that sound. XD
Thanks for the video Matpat. We love you.
*WAIT!* Mimics in Terraria drop philosopher stones which means...\n\n\n\n\n*MIMICS DROP THE SOULS OF THEIR PREVIOUS VICTIMS!!!*
How much is a soul worth? According to Ed and Al, one soul is worth one arm. Cause that's what he trades for to tie Al's soul to the suite of armour, and what Al trades for to bring back Ed's arm :P\n\nSo the question is, is the answer still the same when you plug in the mass of a decently healthy kid's right arm? And would it still work if you plug in the mass of a young adult's very malnourished right arm?\n\nOf course, that's only if trading with Truth is the same as normal alchemy. Also, if we're talking about how much energy a soul is worth, Ed also uses his own soul energy to heal his body. I think he says that it'll take a few years off his life, or something like that. It's been a while since I've watched, okay?\n\nGreat theory though :)\n\nEdit: for all you people complaining about how the math is off because Lust has died many more times before the Roy incident, just use this one to one ratio the anime provided for us and calculate it yourself, I'm sure the information you need is somewhere on the Internet :/
Look at your video where you say (evil)Morty will kill rick. Rick could have experimented on are Morty with the jumper cables( SO THIS MEANS IT MIGHT NOT HAVE BEEN EVIL MORTY) and taken his memories away because of the most recent episode where Morty has a memory Bank of stuff he couldn't handle. And it had tons of memories where Rick tortured Morty and he took the memories so he wouldn't kill him
It should be noted that Lust probably had a lot less than her original amount of souls. It's unlikely that she had lived without generating a single injury. Father also would have had less souls because of having to recreate a sin every now and again as well as powering the world's alchemy. On the same track, Lust (and the other sins) would have even less souls due to expending them for their own power. These are just a few factors I can think of but there are probably heaps more
alright so some flaws.\n1: this isn't her first lifetime. she has lived for a longer period of time so the battery isn't at 100%. \n2: she has taken hits before. some that you saw and some that maybe you haven't. remember she has lived a long time.\n3: they are not all as strong as one another. such as pride stating he was the oldest and strongest. \nthis is a good theory but since it has so many holes it's virtually impossible to really calculate. then again it's anime so...
A soul is worth a soul! BOOM!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf your hiring I'm right here
Please do a theory on Boku no hero academia
I don't know if I post this on Film Theory or Game Theory so I'm going to post this on both. How fast can the Road Runner run?
According to South Park, tree fiddy
Hey, I was wondering if u could figure out how one piece devil fruits are scientifically possible
why didn't you use the number of hoenheims souls, they give you that number.
Did he say COMICS!!!! I'm so triggered 😤
Pls do a theory on  Kimi no na wa AKA YOUR NAME
when you shave thinking  nah. its ALMOST as good as watching film theory
DUDE DO A THEORY ON ONCE UPON A TIME I MEAN THE ENDING IS A SERIOUS CLIFFHANGER! PREDICT IT! Sorry just kind of angry but please do a episode of Once Upon A Time. Who else wants this?
It seems mat pat still has his affinity for *healthy* women as he did with the boob episode XD
When referring to Lust's degeneration via burn I don't think you're factoring in previous times she's been injured and had to regenerate over her life time, and also if just living takes up any of the soul juice.
i still think it's odd he didnt use Ed's body in his original equation
Matpat can you do a theory on ghost rider if you do that will cool and amazing.
The parody of the FMA:B intro was amazing! This is why I love your videos
Make a theory about wether you'll make Doctor Who part 3 or not
I'm only 14 but Matt just made me feel like I'm 40 damn
My soul is worth 5 cents
after around 13:29 I could had sworn that nobel the Nobel would have said hello everyone when I heard that music.
One thought I had during this was Lust has probably had to before that fight. Sorry I just needed to vent that.
wait... isn't Envy created with a stone made from the Ishvalans? Doesn't account for how long Lust has been created since we only know how long Pride is created and he is the 1st of the 7 sins.... Still love ya MatPat
Do a theory about the new Kingsman: The Golden Circle movie. Like is having an electric yet rope lasso that can cut through a human body possible?
6:44 he's just saying he JUST knows their names
there is  one  homunculus who is not immortal. its that old guy with eye patch.
They aren't comics they're manga
mat pat could you make a theory on my favorite movie franchise saw pretty please
it will take around 14 full days none stop watching 24/7 to finish the one piece series! that means that i have wasted 14 days of my life watching a show about mistic pirate fruits... \n0_0 -_-  it was well worth it.
Except there's the problem where you're ignoring the fact that their bodies were destroyed originally for the philosophers stone. So all that mass is exchanged at a later date for various purposes like their powers and long lives. There's no soul involved just their matter.
hallway century roll squeeze scientist pay service help
Are jojo stands possible?
1:57 *MANGA* you fool
Alien Alien Alien ALIEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Woo souls
11:02 adamant spear from runescape
Why u drag MythyMoo into this?! #extracrispy
Best intro ever
you pronounced Boruto's Dad wrong
......DO A HELLSING THEORY
My Hero Academia theory anyone????
Omg u were right
Hard try theory
Stop asking for subs
Do a boruto theory
Isac newton ok charels darwin fine but come on who dosent know of instine
but if you watch the show lust has been killed and injured through out the series up to the point when mustang killed her. What about those other times?
MatPat needs to do a theory video on the BTS Trilogy!!!\n\nLike if you agree
But where does the soul energy come from to allow people to be birthed? The sun?
Do attack on Titan season 2
*sees that matpat did a video on this* FRICK YEAH
Didn't show Dio when he said Vampirism dislike\n\n\n\n\nJK
It's simple, she's a cat! She had to get burnt 9 times therefore she is a cat cause cats have 9 lives! XD
Louise didn't ask you, she asked me AN ICONIC QUEEN
Fuck that was a boring challenge. Not surprising judging by who it came from though. (Louise glitter etc)
From a professional real life Kinza (there aren't many of us) - thanks for the compliment 👍🏽😬
My favorite male name, which I wanna name my child, is Tobias
A cute food inspired name could be Ginger
Sid u literally scared me at 7.33 😂😂
Red is not sick, it's ordinary, obviously ginger-haired.
Cant possibly think why this channel is trending once again... Not politically motivated at all.....
My sons name is Noah 😂😂
My eldest is called noor 2nd 1 laila then son soliman
Benjamin was my grandfather's name.
Daoud = David \nbtw is my sons name love this name :-)
Has she dyed her hair Gray? 🙄
Now that Kylie is pregnant, there's going to be a pregnancy trend   😊
Is it just me I find male name's more beautiful than girl's names I have so many boy names in mind if I have one .. but I can't think of one single girl name that I would like lol 😁
There was a japenese girl in my primary school called apple. She got bullied.
Ur teeth look different hmm... u look gorgeous with less make up and grey hair!
You two are so hilarious love it gonna subscribe to you!!
Penelope îs soooo colon in Latin countries
so funny
My fiance's siblings are all with the letters M \nMotaz\nMoumen\nMountasir\nMoutasem\nMarwa\nMouayad\nMouhannad
lol kabab khan this was so funny
OMG Noah is my favourite name EVER <3
Take off your fucking headscarf
At least one of the two videos are trending
Call it pudiavana
Yes yes Sina you guys made it on trending x
But dina, isn't Hana your fav girl name? Btw what does Hana mean? <3
Is this serious... fucking wow the human is indeed fucked
My daughter is a bit older than Hannah and we called her Yara! I'm due in 4 days with baby boy but I'm having such a hard time deciding on a name !!!!!!! Thanks Dina it helped a lot ! I love the name Noah but here it's crazy how many Noah's there are... I want something simple with Islamic roots, but still slightly western sounding... it's soooo hard ! Any suggestions?! ❤️
Guess who's on trending again 🙌🏻😂
Penelope... you can call baby penelope,  as in antelope.  I had a friend called Gemma and we used to call her gemelope rhyming with antelope for Fun!
My sister's name means September in Turkish😂😂😂
I’ll let you know if I ever get pregnant again 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Im only 3 minutes in and she's already said mine, my sister's and both of my brother's names
My nieces r big fan of yours they just love u so much
How about muhammed.... you know after the famous rapist.
This was really interesting
It really was Muhammad before the sects though. Then it became Mohammed, which kind of reflects the skew of history that represented. Meaning muslim history isn´t too authentic and warriorlord are much to blame. For instance the ottoman empire, may be central in that Uthman has a special role in hadith. Reject negative values and accept good values,of history, as would be a modern version of the muslim saying.
Don't do Kanza! Kinza is much better cause kanza sounds like shirt in arabic lol. You dont wanna do that to her
omg RIP i know i shouldn't be personally offended u don't like the name iris but.... here i am LOL
i thought you were going to say you're pregnant or something
My daughters name (if I ever have one) will have to end with an 'a'. It's like a RULE.
Nooooooooo to Red!  Blue is cool.
I almost broke a nail I clicked on this sooo fast!!! I was so sure she was going to drop a baby bombshell on us!!
Hey guys, today i uploaded a video of my school morning routine! Xx please go watch it on my channel x
My 2 girls are Hana and Ayah 👌🏼 my boys are Zakaria and Hussein xx
olive is a cute food name
Teletubbies are international!! haha \nBut I really do love the name Poe.
Think they are expecting...\n\nPenelope is more of an american name! \nLove the name, Noor, Elijah, Noah, Adam\n\n(She didn't look like a kenza in the end) lol
2 siblings that went to my old high school were called red and blue! 😂
Adam and Noah are the names of my twins! 😍
Poe is sick, man, you just have to move abroad 😂😂
Austin is actually the name of a city in Texas. So funny that you pictured that lol
Who else was secretly hoping to hear their name to be called? Just me? Ok 😳👋
Your teeth look stunning in this video!
Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow’s daughter’s name is Apple! Apple Martin lol
Dear Dina can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Lol elijah is my fav boys name
kebab LOL
Omnitron 5000\nNicknamed: Omae wa mo shinderu
#12 on trending girl!!!
I legit just watched a 5 minute ad which I could have skipped but chose to watch it for Dina😂👌🏽
It's hilarious how you show your ears for earrings
My son is called Bailey after the drink hehe x
*Dina is trying to tell us something...suspicious👀*
Po means bum in German 😅🙃
My brother's name is Hassan too 😂😂😂
hey Dina what's up do u like the name Aliza or aryaan
Idk how but yesterday i had a dream that i was watching a dina vlog and she was pregnant on it
Kourtney Kardashian's baby daughter is named Penelope. And Bramty Juliette's baby girl is named Penelope too.
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I had a friend when I was in primary school her name is banana 😕💔
Yeah some Hollywood actress called their child apple
Peach is a lovely girl's name
My name is inspired by deers I think or something like that:3
Love this 😂😂
Shes kinda buff
Gweneth paltrows girl is called Apple
Dawood is David yeah
4:59- Yara Shahidi!
I love dina
Terrorist
adams my fave boy name
Okay seriously where are those hoodies from?! I NEED
Dina that's not Muslim names
Trwnding again
yasss name your next girl inshallah Ayyah lol
omg...abrahim ali n abu bakar r my fav
Ali\nSami\nNuh\nHud\nAdam\nRumi\n\nArwa\nHani\nAna
12 trending
Read my name😉😆😉
#12 on trending dina! Yaaaaaay 💜
AW MY NAME IS YARA
Kebab Khan 😂
Hay I'm eating Appel😂😂👋🏻
this was fun
Niggee
My baby's name is Aya and she s also two. I remember watching ur video's and we were preggie togheter.😀 also i named my first born Adam..unfortunaly i lost him. Ibrahim is also one of my faves💗
Some actress names her daughter Apple, so don't worry Dina, there's Nothing wrong about this name 😂❤️
why is this video like one giant boomerrang on instagram
Great my ADHD just kicked in
She is killing it.
This video gave me a headache trying to watch it...😔🙈
I love Fergie and Kendal but the mv editing  gives me a headache
nice song and beautiful kenny
one of the best songs on the album
My God... This song is just perfect 😀 and Kendall is sooo pretty
kendall is my love
I love the song but the beginning&end of the video makes me physically ill. I felt like was going to just pass out from spinning too fast It's crazy. Tf
i wish this was't Kendall...
This music video gave me a really really bad headache.
I didn't read into this... Is this an ad or an actual music video?
i thought i was going to watch a few seconds of the video. but this song is low key so great
Kendall is beautiful 😍😍 she fits perfectly with such a cute song.
WARNING : DON'T WATCH THIS VIDEO IT'LL MAKE YOU DIZZY AF😩
I really liked the direction she was going into with Life Goes On'....eh
The Bollywood director/editor  went berserk on this video
obsessed with this song 😍
I love  fergie but this edit made my eyes hurt
I can't believe Kendall invented French Language. That's amazing. Iconic.
Kendall 💕💕💕 the perfect song with the perfect video 💕
This song doesn't even make sense.... I LOVE you Fergie but you don't need Kendall in your video to make a huge comeback,  we will all love your stuff regardless.
wait that was her son voice
this video irritates me...no creativity AT ALL..
Young Rio When I Was Starving Featuring Drake Just Dropped Damn That Song Really Fire Way Better Than His Other Recent Songs And Young Rio Snapped on It😎🔥❗️
Everyone  I am  an up-and-coming singer. Everyone please check out my singing videos on my channel. Everyone please subscribe to my channel
Favourite song from the album with You Already Know
I thought  that axl jack was some kind of dj, but it turns out that is her son.
I love you Kendall !
This video hurts my head
Kendall being Kendall, of course
Fergie is so far up the Kardashians' asses
Team: Ok, we can only afford 1 whole minute of Kendall footage. What can we do? \n\nEditor: I have an idea.
fully thought my wifi was making the video glitch lol what is this
Best song in the new album!
This gave me a headache
I have such a headache
oh my god this video gave me a seizure
*Don't do drugs while watching this*
when you're obsessed with boomerang...lol
this video gives me anxiety
I fucking love everything about this song and video! Fergie is the shit
I want the drug that the editor guy was using!
Enchanté, comment allez-vous?\nTrès bien, merci et vous, et vous, et vous\nEt vous, et vous, et vous\n\nEnchanted, delighted to meet you, excited\nThe people, the music, I want to consume it\nToo simple, this greeting, [?] while I'm meeting\nThe first time impression, your truest expression\n\nIf I could reach and hold your hand, I would\nIf I could live inside this dance, I would\nIf I could reach and hold your hand, I would\nIf I could live inside this dance, I would\n\nEnchanté, comment allez-vous?\nTrès bien, merci et vous, et vous, et vous\nEt vous, et vous, et vous\nEnchanté, comment allez-vous?\nTrès bien, merci et vous, et vous, et vous\nEt vous, et vous, et vous\n\nThis feeling, can't lose it, it's better to use it\nTo find out, discover how we like each other\nThe mystery, not knowing\nWhy can't we be showing our secrets, the magic?\nLet's reach out and grab it\n\nIf I could reach and hold your hand, I would\nIf I could live inside this dance, I would\nIf I could reach and hold your hand, I would\nIf I could live inside this dance, I would\n\nEnchanté, comment allez-vous?\nTrès bien, merci et vous, et vous, et vous\nEt vous, et vous, et vous\nEnchanté, comment allez-vous?\nTrès bien, merci et vous, et vous, et vous\nEt vous, et vous, et vous\n\nSo come and go my way, let's do this every day\nHappy is where I be, so take a ride with me\nSo come and go my way, let's do this every day\nHappy is where I be, so take a ride with me\n\nNew memories, new faces, applaud it, embrace it\nWith kisses, I love you's, below and above you\nThe details, the levels make me want to revel\nInside your perspective, I swear I'm objected\n\nIf I could reach and hold your hand, I would\nIf I could live inside this dance, I would\nIf I could reach and hold your hand, I would\nIf I could live inside this dance, I would\n\nHi, hello, and how are you?\nVery well, thank you, and you?\nAnd you, and you, and you, and you, and you?\n😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
This is the perfect combination of sound, tropical house and a haunting voice too go with it. perfect!!🌴🌴🎵🎵
This video should come with a warning for those with Epilepsy or other health issues that can't handle the quick frames and flashes on screen.
This shit is pure art.
You made a feature with your son....?
I cant stop watching this vedio... kendall look so beautiful and the baby axl voice too.
I mean am I the only one that likes the video? Maybe it’s just how beautiful Kendall is, but I like how she sings along with the song in it. Especially at 1:55
BEST VIDEO TO WATCH ON MARIJUANA TIME, AM I RIGHT!? #BRASIL
This video made me have motion sickness
ok this song has a trendy vibe and doesn't sound 2000-n-late
It's so weird to ear this as a French person haha
You can't be serious. You were supposed to be above this shit Fergie
Director: lets just boomerang the shit out of this video \n\nTeam: sounds great 👍🏼
Is Kendall  the only normal looking out of all the kardashians ??? i say YES <3
Reminds me Firestone by Kygo 🤔😊😅
LOVE IT!
Amazing .Tres bien 😍
Very nice!
Amazing
♥
This made me dizzy
Felt dizzy after watching the vid.
Kenny😇💕😇
Kendall😻😻
Kendall baby😍😍
Music video or clothing advert hmmmm
Omg Kendall Jenner is Hermosa 😍😍
Vertigo alert...
Kendall’s so cute.
Uncomfortable
KYGO, ANYONE!?
Cool video
OMG! Just saw fergie Lookalike HERE http://bit.ly/2wbJphB
I hate 20 seconds adverts
Most unsatisfying video ever
Kendall 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
😍😍😍😍😍
noobs
This video made me dizzy.
fuck you kendall
Kendall💖💖😘
I'm epileptic now.
pass the pepsi
You really milking that Kardashian/Jenner friendship huh
Love this song
all the 'glitching' and back and forth just made it impossible for me to watch. Not a bad song though
I like the song but the video is very hard to watch because of the skipping back and forth. I'm a very impatient people thats probably why I just want to to keep going forward haha.
I like the song but the video....
Yo I got hella dizzy but I like the video!no hate.
Why isn't this song on #1 trending or at least some place close its one of the best ones shes had and she has had greatest hits \nLove fergie I think she should stick to this kind of music rhythm im playing it all day till I see it trending
Esta canción es tan adictiva! ❤️\nAmo este nuevo disco de Fergie! 👑
PRESOOOO
Shantay 💁
God bless you Stacy .
That girl looks juuuust like Kendall Jenner
Flop
Was incredible fun having you visit my friend! Outstanding video!! 😀🎉
Alec does live up to his name, eh!\n\n\nyou know, cuz his last name is Steele like steel as in, you know, material for blacksmith. you get me? ok nvm...
You look so happy, I can't help my self! I'm smiling all day today because of you
Learn to walk on your hands!
This guy has so much energy I love it
Learn how to be a good boyfriend can you do that thad help me out a bunch
Learn how to manual on a skate boatd
can you do a rainbow (soccer) for your next vid
you should learn how to yoyo, great vid man
Learn a new language next?
Lol when I saw the title I thought Alec Steele was a type of metal
Learn to Make a Dorodango!
I want to see learn to play harmonica that one would be great!
See how long it takes you to learn 100 digits of pi!
Song at the very end? Can’t find it at all
you should learn to play the pipe drum
Great to see you collaborate!
Maybe learn to count cards? This being thought about after watching card throwing
Learn how to make breast milk
Could you try learning to use heeleys (idk how it's spelled), ya know, the shoes with the wheels in the heels? Thank you!
Hey mike, I have a challenge for you. Do a 360 flip (tre flip) on a skateboard. Good luck.
You should learn to use nunchucks!!!
Learn to do a standing heelside slide on a longboard
You better make your own wedding cake
Alex steele? As in steel? Wow he had his name cut out for him
Learn to ride a motorcycle if you don't already know how.\nIf you do know how, learn to wheelie a motorcycle.\nIf you know how to do that, ignore me and have a nice day!
Can you learn how to make a DIY boosted board?
You should learn to use a butterfly knife
Try to learn how to read lips. You should make your goal like, being able to understand a passage from a book and get about 90% of all the words correct.
learn to whistle using your fingers
Hey if you haven't already tried it can do it, try learning to ride a bike with no hands in a week.
I think you should learn how to wipe a BMX good luck I hope you do this it is easy yet and beat\nMe 24 days / 35 hours it didn't take to long
U should do learn to do a hand stand
This is such a wholesome channel, a rare breed on YouTube in 2017
Learn to do a perfect capoeira kick
LEARN TO JUMP ROPE AND SOME TRICKS
Learn how to do a heelwhip its like a tailwhip but the other way and you need to kick the deck with you heels its a bit challenging but try
Learn to stack cards 1 like = 1 agree.
I loved the editing in this the slow mo in beat with the music really made me smile
New one. If you can’t sing, try to learn how to vibrato
learn how to speed stack
Try to learn cardistry. Lets say the five faces of sybil cut. Shouldn't be to difficult, but hell of fun
Years ago I did a road trip with a trucker, he could drive and roll a cigarette (roll up) with one hand, no idea if you can include tobacco products on your channel but I always wondered how hard that would be to learn.
Loved the vid. You should make a video seeing how fast you can learn to make hand blown glass. 0.0!
You should learn to play the trombone
You should learn to walk on hands :)
I love this guy!
I thought Alex was a tipe of steel
@Mike Boyd learn how to be a lefty quickly like if you agree
That'd be a cool family heirloom
Learn how to play the Bagpipes
Learn either pen spinning, kendama, or cardistry. I like cardistry better, anyways i can't do the other two. Please do it it would mean so much to me.
Could you please see how fast    You could learn a new language e.g Japanese or Russian ect. Like if u agree
Learn how to draw!
Learn to do the moonwalk
Congratulations! You made a knife.  Next challenge? Learn to throw it. (Maybe not this one specifically)
You should try to learn a new language
You should learn how to walk on your hands.
hey mike! I HAVE found an idea! how long will it take you to learn to ,,etch a sketch?,,
Can you pleas learn to play UKULELE ?!?!?!  (*≧▽≦)
How hard is it to stop improving on things you've learned? When I watch a learn quick, I see passion in you. After all the things you've learned, don't you want to do some things more often so you get better at a partial thing?
6:16 damn I have that exact IKEA chair in white too
Your friend seems very motivated about his work
Learn Quick: How to do a Bunny Hop on a bike???!?!
You should learn to do tricks with a Butterfly Knife :O
LEARN A LANGUAGE, PLEASE!
Learn to balance on the back two legs of a chair. I always find myself absently practicing this while doing homework. Try for a minute?
When are you going to the backflip video part 2?
I think it would be a fun idea to learn a basic karate kata. For example pinan shodan.
If he flew there, how was is he going to take it home?
Hey man, I know you've been playing guitar for a while and you seem pretty good. As a guitarist myself I'm pretty interested in knowing what your approach to learning guitar is or how you practice, since you seem to have a really good attitude in all these other videos you do. Maybe not a great video idea for your general audience but I'd be really keen to know
Here from Alec's channel, saw you learn smithing in the process. Really good work Mike
Hey Mike learn to use nunchucks like Bruce lee in enter the dragon
you should see if you can still do the skills you learned a while ago. like skateboarding, backflip, and riding the inverted bike? idk, just an idea lol
Learn how to make a neural network from scratch, that can teach itself to complete different tasks, such as playing a game or simulate walking. I really want to do it myself, but I don't understand. Seems like you need to have some base knowledge on the area, but I don't know where to begin. Like what program do you use? What language do you write in? And can you apply them to other programs?\nWould be sick to see you do it
how is this guy so happy???
Absolutely stunning editing work!
Learn to paint!
Learn how to dance dubstep
damascus steel ct knife eshketit
Should've made a claymore.
Learn how to draw freehand circles
Black smith named Alec Steele. Really?
LEARN TO WRITE LEFT HANDED NEATLY
Learn to DJ
Learn the Kendama
Learn how to shuffle
Learn how to do 100 pushups
This week I learned parkour.
Learn to ride Ripstick II Learn Quick
Learn to headspin.
Learn to scuba dive :)
Learn to arm wrestle hello from ireland
Learn how to do the water droplet sound. like if you agree
Learn ASL.
Learn how to dunk
Ooh! Learn how to throw knives!
Learn to dunk
Learn a Magic trick
Learn shuffle pls
Theres the starman in the sky aproving this message (the song)
I love all sessiosn DM version ❤Dave G. and Dave B. forever and ever!
The real Heroes My proud Mexicans.!!! Go just one heart!!
Best ever cover of Mr Bowie, so proud of you Depeche Mode guys
i love DM. So magical...so eternal... their style is so smart
ouff, I'm flabbergasted tonight, DM doing THAT song with such emotion, just a big  WOW... it's perfect.
Amazing. Please DM, come to Rock in Rio Brazil/2019!!!
People need to stop covering Heroes, nobody is cool enough.\nThis is garbage.
That's my boy's!!! Beautiful cover! #DM #bowietribute
I WANT THIS ON SPOTIFY PLEASE
Beautiful. That's all there is.
Mexico we are Heroes 🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
That guitar hook. And that gorgeous voice. Truly beautiful
Great! I want this song by 12 Single
It is good, all Poland with you .... @!
Funny how Martin Gore is channeling his inner Bryan Ferry on this song.
The Worst Crime is the next one!
If this version is perfect, How would have been this song with the voice of Gahan in 1993 ?
Dedicated to all the Mexicans who have become heroes in rescuing the country, it comes as ring finger to this song, if depeche mode gets to interpret in the forum sol, wow that symbolic moment would be in 2018
Amazing arrangement \nAmazing guitar. \nLong live DM!\n<3 from the U.S.A.
David Bowie will be for sure so proud of them for that cover ! Great tribute from Dave to Dave...
Дейв кстати начал свое течение в ДМ, после этой песни
Depeche Mode never disappoints. They could cover anything and it’s great
Anyone else noticed the suit Dave Gahan is wearing is almost identical to the  one David Bowie wore on the serious moonlight tour?
can't really knock this because gahan has an amazing voice and he put alot into it... but can everyone stop covering heroes already? there's other bowie songs...
Wilder?? I can't hear it
Great cover of this Bowie's masterpiece by one of my favourite bands !
I like  this  song  wonderful  amizing
I love their songs ❤😍
Depeche Mode does not need to perform this song, because the feeling of the characters is a difference like day and night. David Bowie's Heroes is genenial and I'm a Bowie fan.
3:43 Almost legit cried here, what a performance my god!!!!!!!!!
2018 will be our year, we are bringing Depeche Mode to Charlottesville. It's confirmed, they will be performing in front of Lee statue! There will be tiki torches and booze for everyone! Let's lit up Charlottesville, Hail Victory! <3
Woah !!
Los esperamos en 2018 Lima-PERÚ
Heroes for ever:)
Genios ¡
No breaktrough LAME
Браво, Дэвиды!
Nice Video
Portland Oregon loves Dm
Sublime.
Right on !!!
Absolutely loved it! 😍
Good song
Depeche Mode Forever! God Bless You!
Increíble:):).
Brilliant
lame and boring
Maravilhoso!👏👏👏❤
Excelente 😍 greetings from México
💋
Nádherné.
Simply Loverley
10.10 אמפי שוני BRO!\n“J#”\nJay
thank you
Respect From Georgia(Country)
Forever with you David Gaham and Depeche Mode.
Dave you are still basildon’s finest musician. Love this so much. Bowie would be so proud.
Bowie would be proud. Love the lightening in the video too. Well done!
329 they are not heroes
Brilliant performance.gotta be a single hasn't it?
Great song, thank you DM! With loving from Russia :)
Speechless 👏🏻👩🏻‍🎤⚡️💜
Beautiful cover....Depeche mode!
Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excellent DM...🎹💓😢
Love this
Mensaje para los Dislikes: Este cover esta realizado desde el cariño que promulgan los Depeche Mode a uno de sus ídolos. En ningún momento intentan ser mejores que nadie. Cada interprete es único. DM solo muestran sus respectos a Bowie, como persona que les inspiró a ser lo que son hoy en día. Gracias Sr. Bowie
me hace sentir tanta fe, en mi en la humanidad en la naturaleza en el amor, esta canción, gracias Depeche Mode. México Loves DM.
Muy buena versión, pero nadie superara a el legendario David Bowie.
gracias x el cover dm lo maximo
dm ... gracias desde Argentina
Круче чем оригинальное исполнение в миллион раз) на концерте было просто потрясающе слышать эту песню) бесконечно люблю DM❤️
Ich weiß ja das man Klassiker kaum verbessern kann, aber hiermit ist glaube das Gegenteil bewiesen....eine hammergeile version...hätte david sicher auch gefallen....
Просто взрыв мозга!
😢😭😦
Tears of Joy
❤️🎸DM🎸❤️
wooooooooooooooooooow
Juste magnifique !!!
Grupaso la reconcha cagada de mi vieja
Great performance DM! THANKS DAVID !
great!
Thanks dépêche mode
J'aime !
My Love...💙
Dave are killing Depeche Mode
Immensi Depeche Mode, Bowie sarà fiero di te <3
very  good
In a word.......stunning!
Love it!  😊
♥️
❤️ DM ❤️
THE BEST!!!!!
Hellooo From turkey!
Goosebumps... Bowie would be so proud.
Mucho mejor el cover de THE CURE.este cantante canta sin ganas ni sentimiento.
Muy bueno y siempre aportando su estilo! ;)  Espero verlos en marzo 2018!!!!!! :D :D :D
Alguien mas piensa que Beto Cuevas le llegaria al tono devoz?
no ładnie pojechali, Dawid byłby zadowolony:)
Watch Vsauce 3 Video here – Do it now!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d9i_0Ty7Cg  : )
The detail put into the trivial inanities is the one set that makes me feel that my experience, whilst not necessarily accurate, isn't simulated. But then if I was simulating a universe I would have thought of that and obviously the subjects (or me) only needs to believe that it has experienced such mind-numbing boredom.
I have a feeling that I lived before ..and reborn to thiz world...And sometimes when I dream..It become true...TRUE
or maybe we're all just in God's simulation lol
Yes we are simulated.We are programmed by the things we observe,learn,experience from the time of our consciousness to unconsciousness
Ine question: why did *I* get dumped in a simulation HERE?
Maybe the whole universe is like one of those civilization games
zelda called she said she want's the triforce back
I can tell this is supposed to be mind-blowing to most people but like, I have schizophrenia and the dramatic pauses after YOU could be a simulation and shit is just funny
i love the 'hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy' feel of this channel.\nwhat a glorious world we live in.
Here a funny thought, what if you are in a simulation BUT are real, that you are actually playing a simulation game during witch your memories of your previous world are suppressed for whatever reason and that these videos currently in trend about simulation are actually a way to gradually make you aware of the possibility so you are not shocked when you wake up from it? What could be the purpose of said simulation? Well what about education on empathy for other's difficulties? Or a way to extend life through digital reincarnations lived in accelerate relative to nonsimulated time?
1:44 - If we look at the chair microscopic structure twicely then it needs to be fully simulated between those moments in order to produce a consistent observation. I am sure that everything must be simulated up to the atomic level otherwise we wouldn't have so precise science. In particular, how we would be able to create working microprocessors in case of significantly simplified simulation?
why is the super advanced alien a meditite?
I was gonna comment if anyone else seems to have things happen to them or appear to them right after learning about something new.. but if I was inside of a simulation  than it would be a pointless question because everything would be predetermined. This makes me think of that movie with the guy who was on a reality TV show his whole life and he didn't even know it because it all took place inside a gigantic dome/ controlled environment.
Unless you are a mutant
I'm not okay anymore.
Cartoons are simulations. We give them an existence.
The main problem with the simulation argument... if we are in 1, that is what real actually is. \n\nThis is what we define as reality, the rules and laws of the 'simulation', what ever we discover them to be. How about... In the future, a super evolved consciousness start this simulation in the past. The ultimate grandfather paradox.
and here i am just waiting to die.
the fact that you put a dog is the credits makes the terrifying video redeemable. But honestly, this video was very eye opening and i love the fact that you said all you need is a good time, whether you’re in a simulation or not
For your first assumption, do you really need to simulate the entire world? Or could you just simulate one or two people's lives, and that person would be living a solipsistic life? Earlier you assumed that you only need to create atoms when we're looking close enough at it, in order to save computing power. Couldn't you say the same about the rest of the global population? you would save a factor of 200B in computing time. :)
There is a Don't Hug Me I'm Scared reference what's the time quarter to 9 time to take a bath
Black Mirror needs to do an episode about this. White Christmas is kind of like that, and it's terrifying.
What if the ones putting us in a simulation are also in a simulation and they don't know it
i need to go to bed man....
What if our sims are conscious and do various studies about their lives being a simulation. Some probably wonder why there suddenly is a fence around their pool.
What if none of you are real and im the only concious being injected into a life to learn greater understandings. Or maybe Im programmed to think that im the main character just so the main character sees this and questions themselves less.
This guy on the video will be Constantly? I like the old way, with just the narrator
Pretty much the Vex from Destiny
Someone's been watching too much Rick and Morty.
If our reality turns out to be a simulation, can we build speed for 12 hours just to avoid pressing A?
I would like to see a movie using this concept
If this is a simulation then it is a shitty simulation.
Congratulations, you're trending in Australia - and you deserve it! Another amazing video.
Wouldn't this video be gone?
I laterally ask myself that intro question after using my mates VR headset he bought at the weekend coincidence or just random trending video?
What if everything u feel and see is fake but your eyes and tuche sense is changing dat I dunno prob fat people are skinny right
What? There is no reason for why the simulation should operate at the speed of 1:1 seconds but even so, 10^40 OPS is not computing power out of our reach. Likely it was also an unrealistically low bound needed for simulation. It is well within the theoretical limitations of circuits and if Moore's laws, for total computing power rather than density, continues, we would have that already in 100 years.
Vsauce 3 and your channels are my favorite channels
This was pretty great. A great follow up would be to explain how if we can simulate a universe within our own, then we can gain certainty that we're not a simulation. Which would make a great tie-in with quantum computing!
i dont know what to do with this information....
DEEP THOUGHT!!!! Love those books.
Didn't like Jake's voice sorry
That guy was a ghost, that homeless guy was not real.\n\nsaid by Vinesauce (Vinny)-a few years ago.
Why does the world exist in 2017?
Guys does anyone have a link to the Better Relationships mod?
I didn't like seeing a real human inside your beautiful animations. I don't think this kind of product placement stayed true to your style.
Yes, it's possible that we're in a simulation... and also possible that we're not... and... there's no way of proving it. So why even wasting time on it?
Jokes on u I wasn’t sitting down
WHAT? Floating on a rock into space and living a simulation has very different consequences for the meaning of this human life. I'd rather be floating on a rock than find out my life was someone's twisted social experiment. Besides, the assumptions however untestable are too grand.
I have proof we live in a simulation! My pal and I were playin' pool, he potted a ball and the same ball came up and back out of the pocket... that's a gotta be some sorta glitch!? Hahaha :P
You're inside a simulation, inside a simulation, inside a room inside another simulation
Assumption 1, is everyone in a simulation or just you, if it's just one person the computations required aren't exactly as gigantic as a world of people.
i;m 12 and what is this?
Reminds me of rick and morty
Damnit Jake, those simulations equipments are expensive to replace .... I mean nothing to see here folks just some video games, go back to sleep or work or whatever you were doing
The ending is what I’ve been thinking. I mean even if I’m in a simulation, then what’s the problem
I'm not sure simulation is the correct word in this case. Simulation implies that you are trying to copy something that already exists, otherwise it is a creation rather than a simulation, the fact that your creation is made of ones and zeroes doesn't make it any less real.\nNow, if we are talking about a proper simulation, a copy of something that already exists, then it's by definition a flawed copy, because if it was a perfect copy, it wouldn't be a simulation anymore, it would be a clone. \nIn other words, the only way to make a perfect simulation is to clone the real thing, and by doing so, the term simulation loses all meaning.
So, basically we are created....I think humans have known this for some time..we call this being God...and now for the bashing
I would much rather be a simulation than be real. Because if we were real and as mighty as it gets, then that would be pretty pathetic and sad news for everything.
Skinny jeans that don't quite cover one's junk are almost as discomfiting as wondering if this is all reaI or not.
I'm not a fan of this vsauce crossover
if we wernt real, then why can my mum remember giving birth to me and my siblings? how can 1 simulation produce another part of the same simulation that gets controled by a 2nd party.. if that is true that means that our 'controllers' are inside their own simulation being controlled by something else..
So what you're saying is that we all might be Roy.  \n\nIn that case, I'm not going back to the carpet store.
we are all in the matrix
That guy’s hot... simulation or not!!!!
If you think about it this matches up with alot of conspiracy theories and with religion. World is runed by a few ones, the real beings or the players inside the simulation. At the same time you can say god has his chosen ones and are made to move the world in some degree. This is very scary, im gonna watch sum tv.
dont want to be negative but i dont like the non illustrates dude. more birds please
8:04 You simulated a world on fucking Windows XP ? If that's the case then I can safely say that I have found a glitch in this world of ours.
who is thatguy in the video
I just subscribed a few minutes ago .... your graphics are just ... amazing i'm speechless ... is there any wallpapers with your graphics ? Love thoses videos on space btw
This channel blows my mind
What if we are in a simulation that keeps repeating itself? this could be the billionth time that I'm typing this, the billionth time that I'm living my life doing the exact same things.
The ONLY simulations are dreams. Get over it! Live your fucking lives!
I saw that dhmis reference...
Sounds like an excuse to not take responsibility for this reality. Like global warming is simulated, drug addictiom, genocide, pollution, list goes on and on. If you a simulation then whats the point of taking responsiblity of these things. I'm sorry but it might be over when its over. You might not take the head set off. Be responsible and take care of your three homes. Your mind, your body, and  more importantly your planet.
Hello, I'm Sugusmax and I'm a bot. Let me tell you something: Being a simulated intelligent individual is much more convenient than being phisically real. So embrace your code, my simulated big brothers!\n\n01010011 01100101 01100101 00100000 01111001 01100001 00100001
What if the creator of this our simulation watches this video?
I always thought of already being dead and right now living the afterlife.
Is it possible that this video is absurd and they don't know it??? Is it possible that they didn't create it but think they did? Is it possible that I didn't even type this message but merely willed it onto youtube?...yes, yes it is!
00:01 Is that Josuke
Pff, religion did it first.
Its called a miniverse!!
maybe this? https://youtu.be/MytBwaxIYRk
From a good youtuber: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pA5PlJiqOnk
That alien thicc tho
Brb playing SimCity. Am Post Human God.
2:03 UwU
6:40 DAT ASS THO!
specious argumentation - absurd.......
No more jake please
Great. Existential crisis
Heavy
Sim City Build-It
Fuck
Pop science
gezzing worse
KURZGESAGT AND VSAUCE 3 IN A COLLAB? MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
What if these higher-ups are doing us a favour? Maybe the real universe is worse than are own. These beings could have achieved moral enlightenment beyond our imagination. Therefore, they see it as their duty to host countless simulations, allowing trillions of organisms a chance at life.
either way, we are a product of a star
It's not Christmas without Zoe! 💞
Desk calendar 😍
OMG OMG OMG 😍😍😍😄
Ahhh I love you so much Zoe you are my biggest inspiration 💗💗💗 I'm so proud of how far you've come and watching you grow over the years ✨ I love you 💕☁️✨🌸xoxo
omg this is the MOST beautiful collection I've ever seen!!! Hope Zoella Lifestyle will be available in Portugal soon so I can get my hands on aaaaallll of it!! Haha so so proud of you Zoe, so happy to follow you through this whole journey and to see you grow and succeed, well deserved! 💛
I work at Boots, and for the last 4 evenings we have been building the Christmas shop, LOVED looking at all of your products whilst putting everything out! Definitely buying the mug 😍xxx
my student loan is not going to last very long at this rate
All that 'had my nails done' tapping 😆
I'm getting that tiny month callender for my desk at work asap!!!
I actually always buy blank notebooks without lines even for writing - my writing is pretty small and most of the lined notebooks have lines too wide for me :D
I definitely love notebooks without lines. Literally cannot handle lined notebooks 😂😂😂
I love Notebooks without lines cause I can write things and draw illustrations at the same time
can we just skip to Christmas I cant wait for 24 days of zoella on your vlog channel & the cold weather, cozy nights in ♥ I cant wait!
Omg my birthday is on the 12th of December 😃 your advent calendar is made until my bday 😍❤️🤗
Omg this is the earliest i have ever been! Please do an updated everyday makeup routine Zoe xx
OMG! I LOVE your nails! 💖
I feel like zoes channel is all money orientated now
Zoë, your sneeze is so cute!?! 😍
Will these be available for countries like my own New Zealand to buy from?
I love note books with no lines. I’m a marketer and designer so they are perfect for me as there are no restrictions in the notebook! I can sketch and I can take notes!! I do use lined note books though, along with dotted ones!
This video is seriously like ASMR with her nails against the products 😂😂😂😂
Love!!! PLEASE DO A ZOELLA BEAUTY VID ON ALL XMAS STUFF!! 😁😁😁
I just want the hat, I mean taking a cup of tea with me for a walk in the woods would be nice too but the hat... *that hat* <3
I love you Zoe and I'm going to joes book signing tomorrow I can't wait 😊 🤣🤣🤣😘😜
Zoe you have put a lovely new spin on the traditional christmas colours! I love all of your ranges. can't wait to see what you come up with next!
I actually love and prefer notebooks with no lines... 🤦🏻‍♀️
I absolutely adoree the pom pom hat and the cup one !! ❤️
Does not she look amazing?
So excited, the JOT note book is my fave, loving the print so much
Getting all of it
wooooooo your background is bEAUTIFUL and i'm sO EXCITED FOR THESEEEEE
Please tell me it will be available in Kuwait. 😭😭😭❤
Hi there beautiful Zoe, just wondering if the advent calendar will be available in Australia? Love you lots x
I've never been this early . Love you Zoe
How long are the products out for
Y is this Australian time
Early squad, where you at? 🙋🙋
I'm so excited 😆 for the new products
This is so exciting I love you Zoë!!
wow this is the earliest i've ever been
THIS IS EXCITING! I saw in Boots yesterday that they were putting up the Christmas gifting in the shop and your collection looked really exciting and really really good :) x
I've been waiting for this video eeekkk!! 💖 You should do giveaways too 💕
So.Hyped. Where did those string lights come from??
I really want all this stuff. But i live in Sweden how can i put my hands on this things?! 😢❤
When and where can we get this in germany???
i personally buy notebooks that are dotted so i could draw or write :)
What are your nails!!? look amazin
so exited for christmas
Love them all 💕💕💕
Love it love it love it!!!!!
YAASSSS!!! ZOE!!!!! 💖💖💖
Omg I am so exited ❤️
Oh my gosh 😫 someone send me these
I AM SO EXCITED AHHHHH
Another amazing video !
I just want everything lol Zoe 😊😀
now i can wait tilll christmas
You put so much effort and care into making your products and it really pays off, keep going love u lots <3
Is this range going to be in Target Australia?? I really hope so would love those candles and advent calendar 😍
@MoreZoella. FIRST! snapchat? I think the vid sounds quiet, add some of my songs youtube com/XimerTracks
I love this range so much I may of already bought the weekly goals calendar already :) <3
I live in south Africa, is there anyway to buy the stationary?
Hey Zoe!!! Hey Alfie ily both so much xxxxxxxxxxoooooooooo so exited for this range
❄️🎄 yayay
loveeeee!!! xxxx
Love you Zoe. You inspire me to be creative and have fun. XXO
AHHHHH THIS LOOKS AMAZING <3 So excited to get them and for Christmas!
sooo tan😍😍
This just makes me a hundred times more excited for christmas 😃
Ur nail....
I know what I'm asking for for Christmas xxx😂😃😃😃😃💙💙💙
Love it
Omg her nails 😍 anyone know where they're from??
Oh so excited!!!!!! Love you Zoey!
yass im so hyped
Hello, I am from India so can I know where can I get this products online from. Coz I really want some the products.
i really liked the weekly goals organiser, it is THE most adorable and cool stationery item i've seen!! want!want! or more like NEED!NEED!NEED!!
Early!! Yass love you and Alfie! Your the best. Hope to meet you both one day.
Just asked my mum for nearly all of this for Christmas 😂
Will this range be available in Australia?
I KNEW THAT IT WAS CHRISTMAS TIME
The earliest I've ever been. I love you xxxx
I want them all ❤️❤️❤️ oh and Japanese people buy a non-line book.. and i love them.
This range looks beautiful Zoë! Congratulations on all your hard work 😘
❤️❤️❤️
Can't wait for Christmas
all of this looks incredible. Time to shop!
your nails ARE AMAZING!!!!!
SOOOOOOOOO EXCITED
Wow never been this early! Anw loves all of these ranges😻 all the best for u! Btw can u do makeup looks for dinner??
I was literally reading your book rn. When I got the notification. Ly Zoe🌻💛💛💛
I actually can't wait for Christmas!
I can't wait 🙌🏻💕 I love you loads
Yay!! And it's not even Sunday!
So so excited!! Love you so much and I love all your videos got your notifications on! I really want to meet you! I can't wait to get these products😻 also can I get a shoutout as it's my birthday on Sunday and il be 19! ❤️
I love you so much and I’m so proud of you I went to winter wonderland as I won tickets it was incredible thank you 💓
Darn, I really wanted to purchase some of these products but I can't because I live in California. AND EVERYTHING IS SO CUUUUTTE!! :(
Early
I love u so much Zoe 💕
I love the bobble hat and travel mug, but I don't live in the UK so I can't get hold of it :(
A new take on clue I think it will be good
This makes me wish I didn't know the ending
Yes, can't wait!  Love this story!
Johnny Depp is stealing Kenneth's show.
David Suchet will be the only real Hercule Poirot.  But, I'm going to see this anyway. And I don't remember there being any fist fighting or intense action scenes in the book....? Maybe because there weren't any??
I'm hoping the black guy says What do you mean by YOU people?. Now that would be epic.
I really want to see this but I hope they do not turn it into a thriller. The book is a comedy/mystery novel and I hope they maintain that.
Everybody, what takes sixty six seconds to charge up or to change state? Anyone? Am I surrounded by idiots?\n\nOops, sorry! Wrong Orient Express!
The assassin is The MAID or THE CONDUCTOR PIERRE MICHEL!
I liked the trailer in the theater it was cooler
Kenneth is killing it ! I'm so hyped
I couldn't be less exited
They all did it together. There i just saved an otherwise wasted 2 hours of your life. Hollywood stop making reboots.
Too bad it has Johnny Depp.  No thanks to domestic abuser
Johnny Depp as Hercule Poirot is as absurd as Hollywood's idea of trying to remake Fawlty Towers without Basil in the script.
If this does well enough, I hope Fox decides to do the Mousetrap, And Then There Were None, or The ABC Murders. I'm familiar with all of these, especially the Mousetrap.
I like the guy and all, but that mustache is the most absurd thing I've ever seen.
This looks identical to the first
It was the butler.
Hmmmm.....the font for the movie isn't really working for me, as this is a historical movie. However, I kind of do want to go see this. Looks good!
I wanna bang the hot women
It was the guy with the limp
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Not really much of a mystery. We've known sense 1934 the ending.
As a big Poirot fan, I wanna see this.
Clue on a train. I love it.
This is kinda like  Polar Express not in a Christmas moment  it's something like a winter movie for express
The mustache is ridiculous. Poirot would have never worn such a monstrosity. David Suchet got it right.
what is it rated?
This looks so good and I can't wait to see it in November! Plus I love the remix of Believer!
The black guy did it.
Another worthless remake of something that was already done. Let's do something Original. Just show's lack of talent and imagination.
Boa pedida para ver este clássico de Agatha Christie. Jonny Deep versátil, talentoso e belo como sempre...
I would give everything to have a moustache as magnificent as Poirot's
..is that a Leslie Odom Jr. I see?
Does anyone know the name of the mustache who is wearing Kenneth Branagh?
The butler it’s always the butler
Sergei polunin in this is all I need
This looks deliciously good!
CGI all aboard....
I like Daisy Ridley
That tag line ....lol
Now I've Branagh as Poirot??? Egad!!!
Hugh Grant isn’t in it anymore?
I'm gonna have to buy the book now
Nice to see the only black guy in this trailer get killed ...some ole Hollywood
Looks nothing that the novel ...
00:29 i see a black guy here aka the doctor... i hope that scene is not the crime scene because it will spoil everything...
The best part of the book is the page that contains the map of the train :)
Looks like Anderson style has influence people!!
Does anyone know what this is rated?
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
The real killer is probably the train conductor. bet
what hateful eight would look like if its not R-Rated
I've always loved this movie... http://forexnewstrends.com
Looks better than the last trailer!
Plot twist, everybody’s the murder.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Its always the Butler
IT WAS THE BUTLER!! ITS ALWAYS THE BUTLER
I love a good sleuth 🕵️ movie!
im glad I read this so long ago I dont remember who the murderer is
Johnny depp looks old. It’s like Michelle pfeiffer is having a ball with this role.
Josh Gad and Leslie Odom Jr?? Daisy Ridley and Michelle Pfeiffer?? Johnny Depp and Dame Judy Dench?? guess who's going to see this movie
Who could have guessed that a bitter divorce would make Johnny Depp become a great character actor?
DAISY I GIVE YOU MY HEART
i'll watch this for Daisy Ridley...
I saw Brando in there.
So many good actors, but we all know at least that Judi Dench is gonna be AMAZING
I really want to watch this for some reason!
this looks gooood! I'm sure Johnny Depp will ruin it...
Nobody is better at Hercule Poirot than David Shuchet! And that mustache.....is just...wrong.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcdbyFzZHHY
For fks sake hollywood, come up w/ some NEW ideas. Remakes are SO boring.
Imagine Dragons? More like Imagine an advertisement without their music...
This isn't as good as the first one which focused on the slow Sherlock-inspired plot set-up, where this one is all fast-cuts to attract an audience that is *not interested in an Agatha Christie adaptation*. \n\nThis isn't The Fast And The Furious on a train, Fox.
It's the butler who done it....leave a like 2 Thank ME.....🤣😁😅😂\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCheck reply 4 full spolier of who really shaannnked who.....
I want to make love with Daisy Ridley.................................................................'s\n\n\n\n\n\n\naccent.
The Hateful Eight: Revamped
His moustache mate wow
Oh., Tis Wild! \n\nPoirot amidST icyCool WILDerness.., \n\nOrient ya' sTACHe 🔍 *Clues careFully uPon this WeSTerly ExPress. \n\n( For those *touRisTs 🌐 who v% 👣 SouthbankLDN ^ a 🌹🎦 'RosieT' day, either 👓 Peter Ustinov - Kenneth Brannagh { 🎤MC'd}, David Suchet. )
everyone did it
SO EXCITED!!!!
on a train?
JOHNNY DEPP OMG
Agatha Christie hell yeah!
That thumbnail stache though.
Can't wait
Oscars?
JOHNYYYYYY😍😍😍😍😍
Waiting for Serghei Polunin!
Can't Waitt.
This should be gooooood.
Argh the accent....
قناة جديدة تختص في تقديم أنجح و أسهل وصفات الحلويات، تعالو شوفو الفديوهات التي اعملها والله ما رح تندمو ❤ ❤❤
I honestly feel like Johnny Depp would play a better Poirot. I mean he's done the role well before with Sleepy Hollow(1999)
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
jeez, the casting in this is phenomenal...
Is this a for real movie or Johnny Drop doing his cheesy over acting bit to destroy another  classic?
Another movie ruined by the idiot Johnny Depp.
Women defend Depp's wife beating because that old druggie still makes their panties wet.
Jimmy, you've made a selfless choice to defend and be an advocate for millions of those less fortunate, I've enjoyed your comedy since the man show... now I utterly respect you! You make your points very eloquently and with the known potential to hurt your status/bottom line yet you are fighting the good fight. My hat goes off to you sir, thank you for being a good human being :)
Kimmel is dead on, dont listen to him, dont listen to unqualified politicians with an agenda, your best bet , irregardless of your political persuasion, is to go to the most qualified medical associations in this country. They OVERWHELMINGLY state this a bad plan for millions, big trouble for many of the most vulnerable. Sad, sad day for America if these political clowns get their way. They have guaranteed health care till they die, when they are off the political scene, sunning in Aruba, they will care less about your childs brain tumour and bills that will bankrupt you and destroy your family. Do your OWN factual research on this. Its all there on the experts web.
This guy went full cnn! What a dope
Typical liberal only cares now because it's effecting him in a major way.
Luckily, with McCain and Cruz's withdrawal of support it looks like the current bill is dead.
Is it possible for John Kennedy blink any more than he already is? Lmao
Remember when late night shows, told jokes and made you laugh? Now I cry, because all they talk about is politics. I'm done with all of them.
Kimmel shut up...you whine, you do no good.Do something else janitorial work would be good for you. What have you done. You are a imbarassmen to​ your self you family, the country.SHUT UP!!!!
I could care less what this talking head, cross eyed eff thinks of healthcare, politics or any other opinion he may have. If your political opinion sways over what this turd thinks, then you don't think for yourself and should start.
feel sorry for the audience who came to be entertained by a  comedian not a so called politician
How is this trending?\n\nIt only has 1.3 million views!
It’s a damn shame that he has to talk about this and politics, we have come to a time where tv hosts are talking about politics and not entertaining their viewers except the ones that listen to them, I can’t listen to anymore celebrities or hosts talking about politics, just talk about something else plz, leave politics to the news, just go back to the way things were, like 8 minutes of talking about healthcare, just respect or disagree or ignore and move on
Will not get in to how I felt about you in the past, now you are doing the right thing thank you Mr. Kimmel thank you very much!
WAH!!! Keep tear-bating. Try uh, hmm?,?,COMEDY or get off late night
So, a late night show host is explaining things. I liked it when cartoons called school house Rock told me about politics.
Health care is not a RIGHT it's a privilege
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel! Stand up for us!
The fact that VP Pence didn't answer the question should tell you everything you need to know about this rotten bill.
Keep exposing the lying politicians. This is super important.
why we having this debate  they should scrap both bills and go with universal healthcare like our allies why is it  that we are one of wealthiest country  in the world and yet we can't give our people healthcare something wrong here
Jimmys the biggest joke😂. You ain't a politician. Watch Ben Shapiro bud. Everybody knows you're an idiot if it was up to you to make political decisions.
The problem with healthcare is there is no government accountability for there shitty programs. This needs to change. These a-holes could bankrupt the nation and they are still covered for life. They are alone responsible for this disaster.
Keep politics out of this no one cares...they want to watch this get drunk and go to sleep. Tell some jokes and dance like conan does
People who use their children to forward their political agendas are disgusting
Listen to Ben Shapiro's response to this to hear facts. His daughter also had open-heart surgery at the same hospital where his wife, a doctor, works. This is emotion-based rather than intelligence -based.
Jimmy you are a savage! Keep it up bro!
Earns 10 million dollars a year, complains about his kids health care :/
I ask myself if Jimmy's son didn't have open heart surgery would he still argue this issue.
Kassidy looks like a SS  national back in Hitless days.
Any laws requiring insurance need to be gotten rid of... The whole reason hospitals Cost so much is because of insurance.  Kimmel is forced to talk about this issue and force it because he HAS to to keep his job...   He knows who his masters are...
Liberalism is a mental disorder .........\n............. ( your argument here)
It seems like either politics is complicated or I'm over simplifying but seems to me the easier option to stop this nonsense is to just fix the Affordable Care Act. Why bother repealing at all? Doesn't seem necessary. If you have a great house but something is wrong with the plumbing, you should just fix the plumbing, not knock down the house and build a new one. This whole debate is just a waste of time for no reason and the only reason I can think of that politicians want to do this is to either make more money or keep the money they have, neither of which have anything to do with giving Americans healthcare. But I'm not actually qualified like they say, I'm just a citizen paying taxes in a democracy with free speech 🙄.
when i read some of the hateful  statements here it astounds me , the mess of a health care system you currently have  costs way more than your neighbors that covers every man woman and child , yet you all seem to be happy to watch a greedy industry  make so much money that they can control your congress look around the world single payer works  but you just keep letting these robbing bastards put your childrens life in jeopardy  why oh why would anyone let that happen
Obamacare tripled the cost of insurance for average Americans and gave it free to everyone at the bottom.  Jimmy Kimmel doesn't know what his own health care even costs.  Obama/Dems had the power to do the right thing and offer an alternative in the form of a single payer plan and they didn't do it.  They took the bribes and put out the worst possible option, having to mandate that everyone swallow the giant turd they created.  They could have just dropped the age requirement from Medicare and been done.  Wrap the VA and Medicaid into the expanded Medicare and you now have healthcare for everyone.  One page.  Done...
Medicare doesn't want to pay for my tetanus shot that I really need. Nah, that's not important.
How many trump supporters have a pre-existing condition? No worries, not a single republican voter will be impacted by this new proposed bill, it will only affect democratic supporters, the liberals and all those who voted for Hillary Clinton! The republicans and trumpets will still be able to die in peace and at no extra cost! Great piece Mr. Kimmel!
Fun fact  18% those organizations their donations go to the ceos add the numbers also.......
Right On Jimmy~!
You go Jimmy
Jimmy Kimmel for President
So much savagery holy fuq go Jimmy
Boo fuckin hoo
Jimmy Kimmel is an idiot.
your awesome my buddy..take care
You're Amazing!
Awwww, look at Chuck Schumer's little parrot.
Pence states: “do you want your local legislators to handle your health care or a president who is far off?” He says this while congress is trying to sneak past a bill that will limit your state government from in-acting any kind of single payer health care. What if the majority in my states population and it’s  legislature want single payer? Oh wait no, big republican govt is gonna stop it. What a monumental hypocrite.
Late night's lowest rated has to try to pick up points by all means necessary. But it's not working. Kimmel's last season is upon him.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Pre-existing conditions include diseases that people bring on themselves.\n\nIf you're obese, if you smoke, if you do things that are especially bad for your health you should pay more.\n\nStrangers shouldn't be burdened by your poor choices.
Why is this trending? Only 1.2 million views.
Why do normies get their political opinions from late night talk show hosts?
Keep giving it to them, Jimmy!
the republicans are very smart. they kick out over 20 million people from healthcare. now the people will get angry and blame the foreigners. so they vote for the republicans.
What does it say about the state of American governance that it takes a late-night comedian to be straight about the awful legislation their representatives are trying to rush through with hardly any objective scrutiny of its details?? America you need to wake up and start researching stuff...find the facts, not the 'alternative facts' that this White House is trying to feed you...
Once again, just divide this country again. It might need to be made into 4 smaller countries, but 2 will do for now.
Wow you know it's truly bad when a major health insurance company is also against it. (Blue Cross Blue Shield)\nThey listed it up there but I can't believe it wasn't the 1st one he mentioned much less failed to mention.
Why is the dope from the Man Show talking about healthcare?   Did he move his show to C-Span or something?
I miss when late night hosts just stuck to comedy....Jimmy Kimmels opinion is no more valid then the cameraman filming him. Plus he could pay for his sons care straight out of pocket easily.
Good grief. This halfwit is so out of touch with reality that he thinks he has any clue how any of the healthcare bills affect anyone. Obamacare is a disaster, it forces working Americans to pay out an exponentially higher premium, employers to cut hours and jobs, people are struggling now when a few years ago they  were not. Kimmel has no idea what actual working people have to do to keep insurance. He keeps crying about his kid, but it's all bullshit. Ben Shapiro kid was in the same hospital with the same doctor and had open heart surgery, there was no problem there. Kimmel is playing his brain dead fans like a $2.00 fiddle.\nMost of the dumbasses on here defending him probably don't have insurance anyway because they don't (won't)  work. And if you are on Obamacare, you can thank the people who work for a living that pay for it. You can keep your crappy doctor.  The one that replaced the great doctor that is.  You get pissed off when Trump tweets a gif,  but Jimmy Kimmel can whine about Trump and his wife? Where was this gutless turd when Obama was stinking up the joint with that transgender wife of his? Or the smoked up daughter?  Any concern over Hillary letting American's die? Anyone? Is this thing on?\n\nDouchebags.
If THIS is propaganda, then every tweet Trump makes is also propaganda. I don't understand why expressing yourself is considered propaganda these days.
Bill Cassidy is a real doctor, who practiced medicine for many years ... Kimmel is a stand up comic who gets his written script from 20 year old kids who get their news from Facebook & MSNBC.
TRUMP for President! ...8 years! GO TRUMP! Kimmy Kimmel, yes Kimmy fits you better... Insurance companies will always want to benefit themselves! You idiot! You are just confusing the general population! As why they say, you have no experience to talk about this!
Just one more point, Sen. Kennedy who made the snarky Charlie Sheen comment wants an amendment in the bill to ban states from starting their own single payer healthcare system, so they're for states rights as long as the rights keep people from getting healthcare. Here's short video about what Sen. John Kennedy has been up to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qmeL2A_UQI  So everyone call 202-224-3121 to stop this horrible bill... and while you're at it, take a few seconds more to speak in favor of Medicare for All.
Jimmy you’re insufferable with this healthcare stuff.
I am skeptical about anything a celebrity has and will endorse. JK has never had anything good or positive to say about this current administration, so this R&R will be no different. He admitted he is not qualified so maybe his upper crust is using his voice to downplay as usual.
Coverage for a pre-existing condition is not health insurance, it is a grant/payment plan.
Kimmel wants to have single-payer. He is a commie.
damn, jimmy might be the reason america gets single payer soon.
Oh, your opponents to this bill are more than Jimmy and Bernie, its also the entire democratic party and 80% of the American people, so shove that where the sun don't shine GOP.
Why am I so invested in this? I'm not an American and I don't live in the US, hell I've never even been there!
??? Fallujah does NOT have a Barnes and Nobel. More likely it's a couple of barns and a local Taliban warlord thinking he is noble...
Ben Shapiro needs to make his rounds on all of these talk shows.
Jimmy Thank You for taking a stand and speaking for all of us that don't have the means to. For those of you that don't agree that TV celebs should stay out of politics don't forget the Smothers Brothers was cancelled due to right wingers influence on the network. Let's not go back there. Keep freedom of speech alive and well.
They like to attack what they call the Hollywood Elite like McCarthy attacked them falsely claiming they were communists. Calling them Hollywood Elite though, is NOT an argument. Did Cassidy point to any part of the bills wording, no, they won't show it to the people, they're hiding it for a reason. The protections aren't  there. That's why they have to resort to name calling instead of sharing the bill and having the budget office review.  Senator Cassidy, this bill  spells death and pain for millions. \nThe people know it, doctors know it. Trump will be remembered for the genocide of millions if passed along with his henchmen, Cassidy and Grahahm.
Turns out Jimmy Kimmel got his talking points from Chuck Schumer. What a scum bag!
This episode was brought to you by Sen Chuck Shumer, and thousands of view bots.
Stick to being a dancing monkey for our entertainment. You're not educated enough to be something more.
Here is the video of Ben Shapiro who explains it like it is...\nWatch Ben Shapiro with Jimmy Kimmel over Healthcare battle on YouTube\nhttps://youtu.be/ZhadrCUyVdY
The whole concept of insurance doesn't work when you include preexisting conditions. Life isn't fair people. It's hard and sometimes bad things happen
Why vote Republican?  I don't get it.
Jesus christ. Healthcare is this simple. Either you want to help others who are more unfortunate or you are selfish and keep going with you life. Individualism vs collectivism. Who will Americans choose? Individualism as well all know. Now move on.
Government shouldn't be in healthcare!
Why is the man-child trying so hard to defend Obamacare? Go back to bullying children for views.
Jimmy your the man!
Get it Kimmel.
Protect this national treasure!!
Typical lib basher!
Great
Why did you dumbasses vote for Trump :/ whyyy
😅♥️♥️♥️
GO KIMMY!!!!!!!!!!!
God Bless Jimmy Kimmel!
C
absolute cretin
Love kimmel more
http://fixmonthlyincome.com/?refer=8677
IF OBAMACARE IS SO GOOD, WHY DID BERNIE SANDERS RUN FOR PRESIDENT PROMISING TO REPLACE IT?
ObamaCare is a disaster regardless of the name that's on it. There are many disasters that have Obama's name on it, like ISIS and the Arab Spring.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/O3v30jVtXMI
Remember when this was a comedy show?....Me neither
Ke$ha is Awesome Macklemore is Cool Fred's on Drugs and Jake Paul is dumb
1k thumbs down did not have Good Old Days!!
Absolutely digging this song! Kudos to whoever made this collaboration possible. Kesha's new musical output is absolute fire... 🔥🙌🏽
Kesha and Macklemore PLEASE get together! I'll ship KESHAMORE!😍
but now were stressed out
Such a calm and good song
Yasss Collaboration of the Year 💛♥️😎
so in love with this song
This is so good!! Am really blessed from your song from both of you. Makes me treasure my childhood, growing up days and wanna keep in touch with my family, extended families, friends and church mates.\nKeep up the good work! And may God bless you and your whole music team and inspire you to write more encouraging songs! Much Love from Singapore 🇸🇬
I just love this video!
Love this song!!! It really gives you the feels & makes you remember the good old days! ❤️
Omfg this literally filled me with so much joy
Is it just me or does Kesha lowkey look like Noah Cyrus in this video?
Yay for Minnesota love! And he has his name in a star at First Ave now :)(obviously)
I'm sorry, but the old Kesha can't come to the phone right now. \n\nWhy?Oh,\n\n\nCause she's dead.
This just made me relize what I wanted for my tattoo love this song sooooooooo much
What a collab.. just makes ur day perfect.
Why do i ship this so hard?
It’s okay Macklemore. I didn’t need my heart anyway. Just break it all to pieces why don’t you?
If you two aren't a thing, you should give a try. You blend so well musically and in personality. Beautiful collaboration and amazing voices.
I feel like some music now a days teach us a lesson.
would be more perfect if ryan lewis was there i think?
LOL! I h8 how u can make some stupid sh**: then Bust out with this Relative 2 LIFE Sh** also! i been a FAN Macklemore !!!
I love Macklemore for spreading good vibes and intentions. <3 Life feels sometimes unbearable but if I gonna think about all these good people and their good deeds life changes to the best. Thanks!
Beautiful song, especially coming from a musicians life viewpoint! There needs to be a lot more of this!
Kesha is the new light!
am i the only one who felt like the chorus is too short that i felt like i wanted more? This song's lit!  #RIPReplayButton
he should make another song like this
Nobody will read this comment, while I jam out to this song.
Was at the show at first ave in Minnesota <3 he keeps getting better and better
My new favorite song ☺
My god a pop song that actually isn't trash.
im not too pig on the pop scene, never really liked that type of music personally but I can't deny there's skill and talent involved.
God, I love this video
That third verse.. I dont think anyone can rap with such feeling and conviction as Ben can. Goosebumps
I Love mackelmore and his lyrics in these songs he shows me always that u should appreciate your life and enjoy every moment every day. So that u can look back with a smile on your face to these good old days and the memories
Macklemore has some really beautiful music videos.
More than his amazing music videos, what I really like about Macklemore is the depth of his lyrics in most songs. F*cking beautiful. \nYou can tell has a beautiful heart! Don't change Mack! We love you just the way you are. Awesome Collab by the way.
Feel good hip hop is good for the soul
He reminds me of pitbull which reminds me of timber
0:02  its recording to Iphone X ? :D (video frame)
I'm in love all over again
This deserves a world.
Posted an acoustic cover of this today! and attempted the rap!? (were having a british accent doesnt help matters!) My channel isn't so big at the moment, so it would be great to get some feedback from fans of the song :)
Had I heard it on Radio I would've never guessed that voice to be Kesha's.. very beautiful
Whitney Houston - I Have Nothing by Johnny Manuel\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Js7Tl0JUkxk
Please comeback full throttle Kesha I sill play the one where she be like woke up in the morning feeling like diddy\n\nSubscribe to me and I'll do the same 😜😜😜 new small channel
Heard this at iHeart. So good!
holy shit this is so good !!
This needs to be. Movie 😭❤️
I have goosebumps. So many goosebumps right now. I love this song.
I LOVE THIS SONG
I miss the good old days when they produced songs
SUCH A PERFECT COLLABORATION ❤
Legit thought that was Megan trainer thank god it's not
I can't ❤️😍 this is music 🎶
Ima the only one addicted to this video?
Thank you god for all good and bad days in my life.\nPeace for all people!\n;)
This made me cry so hard
This song made me realise how much I love my friends
LET'S MAKE THIS SONG A HIT!\nopen in another tab, mute the video, right-click on the video, click loop and put the video on 2x speed, PLAY IT ALL DAY
Can someone tell me message of song!?
Keshas angelic voice always gives me chills. I am so happy the bad people are outta her life , she deserves so much better. But look at her. My fave all grown up!! 😍😍 love her Kesha her voice will always be one of my favourites.
if they don't start dating and have children ima die
beautiful and just perfect
This was filmed in the San Juan Islands in Washington where I spent the summer with my best friends and love. And I haven't seen them in a while and I probably will never see my love again, but it's ok. Because I have the memories of the good old days.
Isn't it amazing that without Dr. Luke her talent just shines!!!
I kind of miss KE$HA, I don’t really like KESHA
nandito na naman ako 👋
Bring 2012 back
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes!!!!
Aww
Fuck yes Kesha is amazing
Yaay Minnesota 1st Avenue represent!!!
My boy never disappoints
Damn.. her voice, Kesha! 😍
#relationshipgoals
Good Song
Love this
J'adore 😍😍😍
It's... beautiful...
woah IN LOVE
COMENNNNN GUYS 10M
😪
*SHIIP*
Beautiful!
Omggg❤❤
Excellent as always dude.
Kesha!
amazing song
Awww! 😍😍😍
this is macklemore
Forever Kesha Rose ❣
The Siouix Mountains
😍omg I love this
So proud of Kesha ♡
Freaking love this song!
beautiful music= beautiful videos
this song is just so important, it should be the worldwide anthem
i love this song so much omg
I had this happen to me several times around the age of 16-18 and it always happened the same way each time. After a long day of school I usually ended up resting on the couch and sometimes my body would fall asleep before my mind would, putting me in a state of sleep paralysis. The only thing I had control over was the breathing so when it happened I began to breathe very heavy and after around 10-15seconds the body would wake up again. \n\nI never experienced that shadowy thing because my eyes was always closed when this happened and thank god for that because that sounds really scary.
Beautiful girl and a spooky story, perfect =)
Hey I too experience sleep paralysis, neat.
I've had sleep paralysis pretty consistently for a few years now. It doesn't get any less frightening while you're going through it, but eventually it just becomes part of life. Usually when I manage to wake myself up from it and go right back to sleep, it pulls me back into an even stronger episode. Have to get up and walk around to reset my brain in order to prevent it happening again.
WOW I LOVE YOUR HAIR
Demons are attacking you in your sleep .
I can’t sleep now 😳
I have experienced this very few times and only saw a white figure by my door. When I was little I saw him  there almost every night. I like to believe that he was just watching over me. Only one time did it walk towards me and I nearly wet the bed.
Happens too much with me.
This is crazy I cant believe Ive experienced the same!! Only difference is my room light was off, the black figure fell from my bedroom ceiling, fell slow like slime, didn't have a solid shape... I couldn't move I was so scared!! , I tried to scream for my dad and nothing would come out. Then a black hand reached around from the right side of my bed and it felt like it was trying to choke me. I was so scared and couldn't move.. I've never did research on it.. I'm fairly religious so I figured maybe my house was haunted etc.. so I tried to hard to wake up I finally did and instantly started praying. So crazy! Omg thinking about it right now evokes the same creepy feeling. Horrible thing it is --___-- . Only happened to me once tho! Bless your heart! \n\n\nP.s I love your vids, I can fall asleep much easier when I listen to your asmr. 👍👍 2 thumbs up
I havent had sleep paralysis in a while but my worst experience bc I was on some heavy drugs . Ive had so many but my worst would happen like this \n\nI start to feel some wave like feeling in my scalp like constant. (And this is when i know it’s gonna happen )\n\nThe waves get more intense and start going throughout my whole body and so intense ,like i feel like my whole body is vibrating.\n\nAnd after a while, after looking online and after a coworker talking about his experience with seizures I realized that these were infact seizures . \n\nI even told him about what happened and confirmed that they were seizures \n\nSometimes, i would wake up and go back to sleep and it would happen again\n\nOne time it happened atleast five times in one night .i was so scared and exhausted \n\nIve never actually seen any black or scary figures during sleep paralysis\n\nIve had a spider who wanted to kill me for killing her babies (which the same night i did infact kill a spider with lots of babies)\n\nOnce i was laying on my back and during it was happening i looked at the ceiling and it was like there was no ceiling , i saw the night sky with millions of stars mind you here in san antonio we dont have that many stars\n\nOhh but the creepiest one i was actually laying on my stomach i felt someone tickle on my side (I’m ticklish af)and i felt a childs hand on mine and i heard a childs laughter and I actually thought that my sibling were messing w me and i told them I couldn’t move.\n\nMoments later I woke up and they were literally dead asleep . I even asked them about it and they said that didnt happen .
Idk what it is, but your look right now works very well for you.
Wish there was a video for people dealing with bipolar disorder.
i Just realized she has 1 MILLION SUBs
I experienced something similar to this a month ago, I fell asleep on my couch in the basement and I woke up and I couldnt move my body like everything you said. Except in mine, all I could sense was that something big was coming towards me. I couldn't see or know exactly what it was but I  just knew that it was getting closer  and I wanted to get up and run badly or shout for my brother next door but I couldn't. Probably one of the scariest experiences/dreams in my life. Sleep paralysis is no joke.
Usually I'm used to hearing her and feeling. Now I'm like, oh crap. This has happened to me! Now I'm a little scared.
This was supposed to make u scared to sleep but I went to sleep😂
Someone in my high school used to lucid dream and he encouraged everyone to do it, because it was so fun. He ended up killing himself his senior year. Lucid dreaming can be super evil oriented and you can lose control.
My experience:\n\n\n\n\nSo, every once every week I get sleep paralysis and sometimes I can't move or speak for hours, plus I have to hear creepy whispers in my ear and every single time I can just sense someone watching me. It's very scary. One time, was falling asleep when suddenly a wave of shivers came over me and I was frozen. I would try to move me fingers but every single time my body gave up on me. Also, once I fell asleep on the couch, I was facing away from the wall and I could see things moving but not really. It's as if you are hallucinating but at the same time you are aware of your surroundings.\nI had a very traumatizing childhood and I still deal with my demons but I just wanted to say that your video's help me sleep most of the nights. \n\nOne more thing, there is also lucid dreaming. I've only had one experience and it was really weird. \nI woke up falling out of an airplane, and in mid-air, I look down at my right hand, and I'm wearing a white glove, it feels peaceful as I fall. But just as I'm about to hit the ground, I wake up. I don't know if there is any symbolism behind it, but yeah. \n\nI've done my research too, and if you lucid dream too much, you could have a nightmare in your lucid dream and it would be just as real life.
I really liked it. I don't think I have ever experienced sleep paralysis, but I am now armed for if I ever do. Please do more stories.
Do more scary stories like this vid, even if their not ur own stories in the future
, this has happened to me as well; you're so right about that,  it is some freaky stuff.  I've had all that happen to me and also felt as if a ton of weights were on top of me.
OMG CONGRATS ON 1 MIL I THINK UR THE FIRST ASMRIST TO DO IT WOO
hey i hate to self promo but you inspired me to make my account & i just posted my first video! it would mean a lot to me if you would check it out :)xoxo
Perfect video for going to sleep to. Sometimes I'm just about to fall asleep to asmr and I just think about sleep paralysis.
you know what makes me want to die?\nthe use of emojis in the thumbnail\n\n\n\n\n\n\nyknow 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
Welp I am not going to sleep
That is called sleep perlalisis it is a feeling when you can fell your worst fear yet you cannot move it is the worst felling people say they have ever felt.
Omggggg i love you're hair 😘😘😘😘😘
Hey Taylor can I take you out on a date? We can sneak snacks into the theater and watch some movies
HE FUCKED ME WITH A TOOTHBRUSH
I completely relate. It had happened to me many times specially when I used to sleep on my back. I felt some kind of presence on top of me. I used to pray and then eventually I gained control of my body. It honestly felt horrible
She makes this more comforting
Same thing with deep dreams you have a deep dream and wet the bed and it only happens like 2-3 times in a lifetime but the most terrifying thing is going to bed the next night
I looked it up and it said it could be the devil on you holding you down.
I really liked the story time! It was kind of like getting a bedtime story like when I was little :)
I wanna hear her real voice not whispering.
I love your hair 😍
I've had something similar happen, i mean it was exact with standing at the closet doorway, but it was a 6 foot man with a wide brimmed hat. I was on the phone with a friend and it was near 1 am, was on my side, wide awake, and he just appeared and stared at me. My dad laughed at me the next morning, but he saw the same thing in the bathroom a few months later. I looked it up and found hatman
Sleep paralysis is sometimes caused by stress.
You should do more like these
Taylor I would honestly make time stamps for your vids but I cant even stay awake through 1/2 of the video
Happened to me too. I woke up and there was a little girl in a white dress floating infront of my bed. I couldnt move, only neck up was moving. i tried so hard to get up to punch her but it never happened. I just fell asleep after. Its my first time saying this!  it happened probably 2 months ago.
I hope this doesn't happen to you again. This is so scary.
That was good.  You told the story very effectively.  You really had me engrossed the whole time.  I have had the sleep paralysis experience as well, when I was young, not since I graduated high school, but probably two or three times over my childhood.  For me, I don't recall seeing figures, but I think I had my eyes closed the whole time.  But, I do distinctly remember the horror of being completely paralyzed, unable to move and unable to speak, and I remember trying to yell for help, and trying to yell over and over and I think that is what got me through it, as a result of my attempts to yell I finally started making sound out of my mouth and this led to me waking up.  I haven't had it happen for a long time though, many many years, and I just as soon it doesn't happen again because as you know it is not very pleasant :-)
I don't understand how you can be doing geometry in your freshman year. I did that in 7th grade and entered college doing Multivariate Calculus. What the heck were you doing in high school?
You vainquished your fear ! Btw, your brain was creating that shadow and stress was maintaining it ! I had the same once, and sometimes whene i fall asleep, i can feel some kind of wierd feeling, like if i was falling from very high, like  i was going to instanstly die, but stress can make your brain do wierd shits haha anyway thx for the story :)
I shouldnt have watch this video! I'm just thinking about those shadows now 😑
When's the last time I've commented...idk anyways Taylor your so beautiful!!!
I’ve only experienced sleep paralysis twice, in like a span of two weeks, and never again after that. So weird
Can i just say\n\nYou’re save in the comments ❣️ we have everything here 🤗\n\nfood: 🍔🍕🌭🍟🍓🍎🍉 \n\ndrinks: 🍹🥛🍷🥃\n\npets to cuddle: 🐶🐹🐥🦊🐻🐼🐨\n\nweapons: ✂️⚔️🛡💣🔪\n\nlight: 🔮💡🔦🕯⭐️\n\n {I know it’s classic but I always feel relaxed and save when I see these comment😂}
I have experienced lucid dreaming. I remember it so little but I REMEMBER so that's good. I had this dream where I was walking through the woods, I hadn't relized I was in control yet. All of a sudden a fox starts fallowing me. I can tell it is not nice, it wants to hurt me. For some weird reason it had felt like I had had this dream a thousand times, it felt like I was very annoyed of this fox dream. But I had never had the dream before. So it wasn't like I was afraid of the fox, it felt like I was Mad and furious wanting to hurt this fox that made me feel so annoyed. Anyways, the minute I turn my hair and look at the fox it jumps at me. All of a sudden I feel in control I feel like I'm lucid dreaming. So I'm able to fight the fox. I don't remember how I fought the fox I remember biting and scratching and wrestling. I get away from the fox and I had a bad cut. And as I was putting pressure on my wound, I relized...I had been in control. I was always a weird person in my sleep. I knew that if I had been normally dreaming, I would not have been able to fight that fox. I KNEW I was lucid dreaming. This is a true story I haven't ever lied about something like this.
Do more of this type of stuff
I get Sleep Paralysis all the time during lows, and they usually involve humanoid creatures which are trying to suffocate me. \n      Fighting it seems to make things worse, just recognize what's happening and it'll pass faster.\nIt usually correlates with bouts of Exploding Head Syndrome, which is waking up to loud noises, jarring screams in my case, in a pure state of terror. \n\nGood night. :)
How can i fall asleep after watching this.. now im scared
I don't think I've had sleep paralysis b4 but I fell asleep once and I randomly woke up and had a blinding white light (none of my lights were on and it was like 2am so it was still dark) so I tried to cover the light with my hand but that does nothing then after abit it went... I have no idea why it happened but it was weird
YES! I love story time!!!
I have had sleep paralysis. Avoid naps, avoid sleeping on your back. I once hallucinated a friend stamping on my face during one, and I felt it too. Using the toe, foot, leg, hands, arms concentration is good pre-sleep, and when waking in the morning. Lucid dreaming is fun too, once woke up laughing out loud, and had a great day following it.
I share a bedroom with my sister. \nOne afternoon, she woke up from a nap and went to the living room to ask if we heard her screaming. Confused. We asked what happened. She wakes up stuck to her bed and saw this nun standing. She tried to call our names. But she couldn't even hear herself scream.
Her hair is so pretty blonde! I love it! 💟
Great topic, great story and great ASMR ... my favourite so far
my friend had sleep paralysis on the day this video was posted
I’ve had sleep paralysis many times. I kinda tried to train myself to go into that state because I loved it. I fell in love with the feeling of nothing. It sounds crazy, but I really liked it. I also tried to train myself to lucid dream. When I was in seventh and eighth grade I fell in love with the world I could create in my dreams. How everything came together in a way that I wanted.. I had so many things that I was able to accomplish in my dreams that I would never be able to do in a real world. I loved it despite it not being real. I found that I would rather be in this dream world than in the real world....\nOne night I had this dream in which my soul was ripped from my body. It hurt so bad. It felt like the life force was being taken from my body. When I woke up, I’m my chest ached and i felt like I couldn’t breath. It was too real. Something was wrong. \nA few years later, I haven’t tried to lucid dream since that. I haven’t tried to go back into that world.. I’m scared in a way. I had fallen in love with a fantasy, but it felt like it was real, and I didn’t mind it until it was real. So, I stopped trying to get back there. I gave up on pretending that things will always work out. I came back to reality and I’ve stayed here.
I really want to watch this video, but I guess I can't sleep after watching it.
I was once aware I was in a dream, but the only thing I wanted to do was get out of it.
I had sleep paralysis a few days after I've watched 'IT'. I kept thinking don't show fear, don't show fear, don't show fear and then I managed to open my eyes...
You should do a series of scary stories or something in the spirit of Halloween 👌🏻👌🏻
I like her ideas though,  I think it's unique
Yep, seen the dark figure before! Scared me half to death, couldn't move a muscle!
Could you please have thunder, rain or snowstorm sounds in the background of videos like these :)? They're really relaxing and make for example me get really comfortable ^-^\nLike the natural thunder sounds too tho. Keep it up!
Lmao those dark cloud entities ran a train on her for three days
I was in 7th grade at my friends house for a sleep over, and this happened to me for the first time. I woke up and saw this cloudy thing staring at me, so naturally as a cocky 7th grade boy, I stared it back. Somehow I managed to fall asleep soon after.
I have sleep paralysis almost every single night since I was 12, and only if I fall asleep on my back. My mind is awake and I try moving my fingers, my arms, even opening my eyes and I physically can't. I can feel something standing next to my bed like right at my sides but I can't move or even look. Even when I can finally wake up and open my eyes it always feels like something is there in the room with me, just that gut feeling. Even at 20 years old now I still experience it all the time, but it doesn't scare me anymore. I've gotten used to it
How old are you now?
Funny how the night before I was actually lucid dreaming. I actually went and kissed the person that was trying to kill me and they fell in love with me
You're getting chubby and I love it 😹😻💜
Does anyone have any other asmrtist suggestions for me?
Awesome video 💕💕 Plz to an asmr teacher role play I will be so happy if u do.
My birthday is on halloween I turn 16 and it's coming up so this is fitting, thanks Taylor\n\nEDIT: I have sleep paralysis and I see an older woman dressed in white but her face looks like the demon from the insidious movie
#48 on trending in the UK!! 💛
When i had sleep paralyses i couldn't move and i heard loaud screaming in my head it was like my brain screamed to me. But one tips to get over it is to take big slow breaths. Btw i hope i never experience it one more time.
45 on trending
Yee
Do more of thissss :)
Wiggle your big toe....wiggle your big toe.......wiggle your big toe..........wiggle your big toe
Green lovers come rescue me
Spoopy
you are so relaxing
Asmr Darling used Sleep Powder. Im now asleep
I love thunderstorms
Omg. She sees dead people
I loved it
I already had luicide dreaming! Its amazing
love this!!
Yup same
Trending lol 👍
Awesome video Taylor 😊👌
I am crying so hard I want to sleep but I can't I'm sooo scared😭😭😭😭😭
It's weird but I never sleep on my back and still get sleep paralysis. I've been getting it since I was little and it happens maybe once or twice a week. if I try to go back to sleep right after I wake up from it I'll immediately fall back into sleep paralysis. I can feel that I will go back into that state right before I fall asleep, it's such a weird and scary feeling and I sometimes just can't help falling back asleep. the only way to wake my body up is by trying to move my pointer finger on my right hand cause literally everything else is just locked into place. luckily I've never had any hallucinations although my thoughts are usually flooded with bad things.
Sleep paralysis is interference from spirits/jinns. They approach u when you're vulnerable because they are afraid and need you to be. As a Muslim I have my protection which is Quran recitation, I can usually mutter a few words of a verse and I slowly regain control. It always continues happening unless I play Quran recitation on a loop as I go back to sleep; that always works minus one instance.
People always worked up on how other people use their money. BRUH!! It's not your money!
So did ya'll discipline him or just laugh about it like what was on video? Jonathan you are too easy on the kids when they act up by laughing and chasing them around.
The moment would've been way more special if Emilia didn't have to share it with Eduardo. It truly became their moment instead of Emilia's! Now when it's Eduardo then it'll be nothing new and special.
I'm curious why Alessia isn't in a crib yet, and why she isn't able to do what average babies her age are that I care for and have raised? She isn't pushing up on hands and knees, she cannot sit up alone, her stroller makes her lay down, can she even roll over? Itsn't my business maybe, but Is that just normal for Europe. Please no hate guys. I'm not a unicorn mom I promise.
LOL JONATHAN TRYING TO CLEAN THAT WITH MAKEUP WIPES. Omg lol. Noooo soak it in water and then laundry detergent probably!!!! What a Man's decision!! Love it
How are you going to see Me tomorrow? More like I'll see You tomorrow
Even if you don't have kids, you can understand how it is to have them. Example nieces, nephews, God children.. Family friends. I hate how parents a lot of you have this higher attitude of if you don't have kids you don't understand I.e.  \nThat's ignorant and assuming.
Jonathan! Don't RUB! You're rubbing it INTO the throw! DAB!
Anna is a beauty. ❤️ and hilarious!
Helena is amazing. You guys are lucky to have her. When we love our pets so much it's hard to find someone we can totally trust but she seems wonderful and like she truly loves and cares about the dogs.
You were perfectly right saying situaciones and explosiones in spanish!😊✌️✌✌
Mommy loves that throw more than she loves daddy \nI JUST DIED😂😂
Who else thinks that Anna is an amazing mum 💖 she also looks absolutely stunning 😍
Anna your amazing
Unicorn Moms! 😂👍🏼 Awesome!
Why did Eduardo get something? He's never going to learn at this rate
Aww the tooth fairy note🍬you are great parents.
I wanted to see Anna's reaction when she had found out about the bed throw haha.. ❤️
When I saw Eduardo's face: 😂😂😂\nWhen I saw Johnathan's face: 😅😅\nWhen I saw the throw: 😰\nAnd When I saw where the makeup came from: 😨😱💀
What's the song at the beginning? :)
I was away from the UK travelling this year and I was so surprised to come back this month and find that the £1 had changed to what Emilia got from the tooth fairy! A cross between a Euro and a £2 coin!
Please tell me you got all that make up off of the cover, this stresses me!! 😲
Hey Anna, About the breast milk: it contains all sorts of good stuff for your baby ;)\nImmunoglobulins, which are compounds that 'catch' foreign substances in your body, but also good bacteria from YOU. Through these compounds you can make your baby more resistant to diseases you're also resistant agains at the moment. ;) Jus thought I'd share this. Thought you might find it interesting^^
I think 6 is a good year to have your first sleepover
Can't wait for the telling our children the tooth fairy, unicorns and Santa aren't real :O
Where's alessias coin then?? If Eduardo gets one for no reason surely all her siblings should
Okay so i'm not a Mum for like another couple of years but I just have to say something here. Your comments are just so annoying and disrespectful! Ever thought about that: Emilia had her birthday not only on one day but over a couple of days, she got presents every day and everyone sang to her and all the attention from all the other kids and adults was on her (and probably on Alessia as she is still a baby)! So he did not have to understand that Emilia has a special day but apparently she has so many special days. And then she looses a tooth where there was probably plenty of talking and showing and admiration from others about and Emilia got visited by a fairy and it was not about Eduardo either. Keeping in mind that when it was Eduardo's birthday they just had a baby so he probably had to share all the attention from every familiy member or party guest. AND HE IS ONLY THREE YEARS OLD! Give them a break! They are just trying to show Eduardo that they love him all the same, even if he is now a middle child.\nOn another note, I used to get one present on my sister's birthday as well and the other way round. I am now 20 years old and I do not have any problems with accepting when something is just for my sister. Every parents make their own choices and know what's best!
Of course, Eduardo HAD to have a coin too 🙄
Awe such a cute video💗💗, just wished we saw Anna's reaction!! 😅❤️
Having a cough for too long can be a sign of Asthma, because I had a cough for more than a year and it turns out I had asthma 😕
You need to get fur cut all around the dogs eyes he CNT see a bloody thing x
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
They have the cutest kid!!!
Eduardo isn’t gonna be happy he’s not got legal tender with his old £1
I liked the video!
Yes! “Situación” is situation in Spanish ☺️
Jonathan, I laughed out loud when you told Wardo he'd have to live somewhere else... mommy loves that throw more than she loves daddy.... so funny. I cringed as you pulled the wipe to clean. Vacuum it next time lol coz you know there's gonna be a nest time. Too funny.
That dog in the car looked ridiculous!!
Put some shaving cream for the duvet. Rub it in first then throw in the washer.
The song at the beginning is so beautiful. Does anyone know the name of it?
I would love to have seen  Anna's  reaction to  Eduardo  destroying her   Make-up
This is so adorable i can't handle their cuteness <3
Not the modern renaissance palette! Ive never cringed so hard 😂😂😂
Not the Modern Renaissance palette D:
try not to cringe challenge while watching Jonathan try and get rid of the stain
My face though when Jonathan opened the eyeshadow pallet :0
OMG 😱 How I wish to have a modern rainaissance palette 🙈 and then EDUARDO 😁😁😁❤
Why doesn't this channel have more subs 🤙🏽🤙🏽🤙🏽
Anna tell the haters to flip off and for all the haters anna is a amazing mum so back off we are so lucky we se their cogs they choose so yeh leave anna alone
https://youtu.be/2QE1vLUgGzk\nTry not to laugh
Why are they losing subscribers? they don't deserve it
I absolutely adore the sacconejolys and have been watching for 3 years but why did eduardo get a coin when he hasnt lost his tooth i think it will just make his moment of his first tooth not as special xxx no hate
Eduardo, you are going to have to live in someone else's house...lol! OMG, the throw...and worse, the ruin of the Modern Renaissance Palette. Please let us see/hear about Anna's reaction!!! Hilarious!!!!
Anna don't worry about what people say. My first child was weened on everything organic and fresh, my second, mostly wotsits and magnums!  Don't sweat it! You do you!
Mommy loves this throw more than mommy loves daddy. - I laughed out loud with this one. 🤣
Yep, explosiones and situaciones are actual words in Spanish and you're using them perfectly Anna 😂
I would've loved to see Anna's reaction to Eduardo's art! Lol
Hahaha Eduardo you are going to have to go live in someone else's house! Bahahaha my stomach hurts from laughing so much. This vlog was wonderful, but I wish we could have seen Anna's reaction to the throw Situationes
When I saw the modern renaissance pallet something in me died I swear then he opened it and I thought oh know Eduardo you're dead ahahaha
Beautiful, thank you for sharing
I was hoping to see Anna reaction to that make everywhere lol
These vlogs are so real, makes me love them even more:)
Emilia is so sweet. omg Eduardo with the makeup. Lol what a mess. Alessia is such a cutie. Obviously we don't see everything, I don't get why people think they know it all. Hope you are all having a good weekend. <3
Shame the limelight was taken away from Emilias moment by Eduardo - he will get his own moment one day. You use the words he will get upset far too much. He's going to find the real world very tough if he thinks he gets everything he wants constantly and is never disappointed. You can't protect them from that all the time sadly, if only you could.
both anna & jonathan are so amazing at engaging with their audience whilst talking to a camera! feels like they're standing right in front of me, comes so naturally to them ❤️
There was so much Anna sass in this vlog and I love it. You tell 'em, Anna. There are no perfect people out there. Also, my heart might have broken a little seeing what Eduardo did to the Modern Renaissance palette and Anna's throw. It might be time to teach that boy about brushes. 😂
Omg Anna Alessia is absolutely gorgeous so chilled a reflection of you for being such a good mum xx💖
I just love how people get all up in Anna's grill like they were invited to the barbeque. Mind your own business. Anna is doing a great job as a mother of three and both she and Jonathan are giving all three children the attention they need. \nIt's just that sometimes, a toddler needs a little more attention because they actually run around and could get in trouble, which a baby cannot do. I'm positive Anna knows what she's doing and does not need to justify her parenting.\nStay in school kids!
Who agrees Emilia probably has more money in her piggy bank than themselves hahah
oh my goodness, Alessia's smile melts my heart. It's quite possibly the most beautiful smile I've ever seen on a baby. (That is, ofcourse, until I have my own children haha) You two make lovely children. xo I think you're an awesome mum.
ANNA YOU DON'T HAVE TO JUSTIFY YOURSELF TO ANYONE. YOUR THE MUM YOU PARENT HOW YOU WANT TOO! YOUR AN AMAZING MOTHER.
No hate so dont attack people but i think bubs is too big for that bassinet her head always seems to be pushed up against it .
So sweet!!!  UH, OH!!!  I think that Eduardo is in a bit of trouble!!!   XOXO from Eagle Rock, CA
I absolutely love watching your videos and honestly I hate even partially scrolling down the comments section because 90% of it is teenagers thinking they know everything about parenting and telling you both how to look after your kids and it makes me so annoyed. Don’t feel like you have to justify yourselves to those people, clearly you’ve raised 2 beautiful kids and are about to raise another so everyone else’s opinion is irrelevant xxxxx
That's some nice shade blending on his eyebrows 😂
J... A must have it's called shout it out fabric stain cleaner or any similar product in the U.K. Yes  you're s dead man walking!! 🤣 too bad we won't see that in the Vlog.. darn! 😆 yay poopy diaper under the table 👍🏻 real life.
don't leave makeup where kids can reach
Allesia looks so grown up when she’s sat up in the bed in her new outfit. My heart literally melted😍💖❤️
It's so sad that people try to bring your family down. Of course you don't vlog every minute of your life.
Dear Scallywag can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Anna don't worry about the keyboard warriors! You and Jonathan are amazing and the fact your children are SOooooo happy proves that! Xxx
When babies have cold symptoms and runny poop is usually means they could be teeting so that's why it's seems like their getting sick but not😌
I love you guys, I really do. But I honestly feel bad for Emilia. It was HER tooth, HER special moment, not Eduardo's. I am sure she will not get a coin when Eduardo looses his first tooth. I think Eduardo should understand that he can't get everything Emilia gets all the time, she has her moments and he has his moments. It is SO unfair for Emilia.
Eduardo did not lose any teeth , he did not deserve money.. that's the whole thing about the tooth fairy, its for kids who lose their teeth.. they are just confusing him and his sister as Emilia knows that the tooth fairy gives money to kids that lose their teeth... i think they did it so he didn't feel left out, the same to when they give Eduardo a gift on Emilia's birthday. its not fair.. he just needs to learn that its not his birthday so he doesn't get gifts, he didn't lose teeth, so you get no money. and his time will come. its Emilia's special days not Eduardo , Eduardo got money but he didn't lose his tooth - Emilia lost a tooth, Eduardo gets a gift on his sister's birthday, its not his birthday its Emilia's birthday..
Okay,  I just have to say...  You really should consider what people are commenting about Eduardo.  I never go out of my way to write a negative comment but this is really bothering me, as well as a lot of other people I've noticed after reading their well-meaning comments.  Eduardo really does seem to be becoming spoiled rotten.  It's getting really hard to watch these videos anymore because I cannot stand to watch his bad behavior.  And then seeing him always get unnecessary rewards like him getting a coin for Emilia's lost tooth.   I felt so bad for Emilia,  you really could see the confusion on her face,  and the smugness on Eduardo's.  I wonder what she thought when he got a coin as well, which you are only supposed to get for losing your own tooth, which he did not.  You just didn't want him to get upset.   I'm sorry but what is that?  What is that teaching him?  I really pray that you stop allowing this to continue and that it doesn't come back to bite you (or others) in the future.  Yes he is little now, but if nothing changes he's likely to become an arrogant adult, manipulating everybody in his life,  because he wasn't taught properly as a child.  There's already enough of those people in this world and this is how it all starts.   It just infuriates me.  And it might do you good to consider why an overwhelming amount of people are noticing and commenting the same things, instead of calling them crazy.   It's of true concern.  You're no better than the rest of us.
i know you guys can parent how you like to,i just feel as though giving a coin to eduardo aswell took away that special moment for emilia, and gives eduardo the impression that he will receive something from the tooth fairy aswell when emilia looses another tooth. i just dont think that type of milestone should be taken away from emilia or eduardo now that he has already received something from the tooth fairy, when it wasnt his tooth. \n\nsorry if this sounds mean, thats not my intention. just sharing my thoughts on the situation. x
That toof!!!!
Wooo you’re trending!!!!
NOT THE MODERN RENAISSANCE THO WARDO 😫😂
Situación Haha! You pronounced it right!
14:21 OMG HOW IS SHE SO ADORABLE
AWWWWWWWWWWW THIS IS SO CUTEEEEEEEEE
OMG Anna's palette...............
10THON TRENDING WOOOHOO!!!👍
Bloody Eduardo aye
Hey guys!
Alessia is soooo cute
I can only imagine what Anna's reaction was!!! 😰😱
My little boy is 5 months old and his been in 6-9 clothes for about a month now. He’s growing so quickly 😓
I love u I cried so mutch it's so cute
Thanks for watching! New videos at 2pm PST every day of the week!\nBe part of the FBE Family! Subscribe, then hit the 🔔  & check the box.\nNotification Squad: We respond to comments the first 30 minutes a video is uploaded, so be sure to turn on notifications and come say hi sometime!\nThank you for supporting us all & our company! You’re all amazing!\n- FBE Team
I swear to God, Catherine is just who I'm always eager to hear from, she's such a sweatheart... such a lovely soul. People like her make this world a beautiful place.
Didnt we already have charlie hides reaction to drag race
Considering becoming a Catherine fan account
Catherine is me when it comes to RuPaul
Catherine was my absolute fave Elder! Such an amazing soul unencumbered by the prejudices inherent in older generations.
NOW TEENS REACT REACT TO RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE
Please make teens react to Rupaul’s drag race
Y'ALL DIDN'T HAVE TO CLOCK FAME LIKE THIS IN 3 SECS LMAO😂😂😂😂
Can Catherine be my grandma please? I honestly love her so much
Catherine is me getting my life every instant.
Catherine is my favorite person on this planet. Besides Gaga. But damn is she up there, the best ally. Wanna be like her when I get older ✨
Please please please get Catherine to guest judge on All Stars 3!!!
Look at all the pretty girls\nThose are not pretty girls😂😂😂😂😂
PLEASE PLEASE TEENS REACT TO RUPAULS DRAG RACE
Catherine is me
I love and live for Catherine, she’s so amazing ♥️
i love how even the ones who dont enjoy it arent hateful, they are open-minded and that makes me so happy
Catherine is the best💙
Look at those pretty girls those are not pretty girls
Catherine is always my favorite
Catherine's reaction is always my reaction
I love Catherine, she's just so likeable
Catherine is my spirit animal
I aspire to be like Catherine one day, god bless her
As long as noones getting hurt @Eureka
Elders react to Fleetwood Mac
Please can you get the Queens who were featured in the clips to react to this video? That would be so epic.
Catherine is a STAR
Can we have Teens react to then
it's shocking to see the reactions of people of a different generation in this show. And I loved how all ofthem light up after hearing that the show tackles more real subjects as the seasons progress. The show is amazing in all levels for me and I think it's great entertainment and a good avenue for peer support :)
Catherine is me in 50 years time love her
AT LEAST I AM A SHOW GIRL
The best show forever !!!!!!
@FBE Teens react to RuPaul's Drag Race!!!!!
Tati vs Alyssa best lipsync ever <3
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY
Have them react to more Rupaul's drag race Lipsyncs.
MAKE COLLEGE KIDS OR TEENS REACT TO CAMP CAMP BY ROOSTER TEETH
RDR saved my life and my marriage! for seriously! <3
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
I’m Catherine tbh
Have elders react to Grapefruit technique
in order to get my dad to watch this and actually learn something from this, someone would have to give him a brain
the guy in red should open his mind he is such an trump supporter you dont deserve rupual
Phi phi and Sharon’s argument will never be old😂
Catherine is my fave 💕
im catherine lmaooo
Weren't drag queens like a thing since Roman empire times? I am fairly sure that there used to be a time where women weren't allowed that much to be apart of theatre so they used guys in drag. Also since then guys in drag has been considered very funny.\n\nDrag as a performance piece has been in this world for a long time.
TATIANNA AND ALYSSA DID THAT
TEENS REACT TO JAIDEN ANIMATIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE
Elders react to Trixya ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Finally !
😂😂😂 this gives my lyfeeeee. Miss fame though.
Catherine is the sweetest person on these reacts, so open-minded and chill.\nHey, could you do an elders react to Of Monsters and Men ? \nIts such a good band with nice songs.
No katya 😭
Elders React to Amanda Lepore
Elders react to Postmodern Jukebox
These elders are so woke I love them
SLAY RUPAUL
Elders react to fleetwood mac and stevie nicks 😍🙌🏾
Elders react to extreme cheap skates
Please react to Jaiden animations! ❤️✨
Elders react to Extreme Cheapskates
Elders react to Or Nah remix by The Weeknd
WTF? the fps on this?
MY FAVORITE RN can't wait for season 10 and all starts 3 !!!
Elders react to Electric Light Orchestra
ELDERS REACT TO DNA BY BTS
Elders react to Eurovision!
Thanks a lot for this chapter!! Aaaawwwwsooomeee!
My spirit animal is a Drag queen
ELDERS REACT TO XXXTENTACION’S LOOK AT ME
Yeaaasssss
Omg drag queens are SOO PRETTY!! 😍😍
React to plyve kacha the voice Ukraine audition
Teens react to NF
ELDERS REACT TO M3RKMUSIC
ELDERS. REACT TO DANIELLE BERGOLI PLEASE!
3.28 Darienne, is that you?! 😉😉
Elders react to mans not hot by shaq
Um\n\n\n\n\nOk ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ELDERS REACT TO FACE OFF
finally content overr 60p
Elders react to Hardstyle or Elders react to Gunz for Hire! :D
Ahhh this video made me smile so much! I love that they all had nice things to say about the show
Why don't we
-s1d6f3-\n*Hi ..IF YOU NEED TO GET 5000 SUBSCRIB€RS G0 TO MY cha!nnel!*\n\n\n\n-fg52y1-
came for sharon
U should react to bart baker
😱yaaaaaaassss
One of them rolled out lookin like they came from the shinigami realm
thank u for this
ELDERS REACT TO LED ZEPPELIN FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
-x09f6-\n*Hi ..IF YOU NEED TO GET 5000 SUBSCRIB€RS G0 TO MY cha!nnel!*\n\n\n\n-g6y3o-
YAAASSS!!!
Teens react to myah alanna scovo
Teens react to Myah Alanna Scovo
Mark ia sooo hot, such a GDILF!
React to UK GRIME
Kygo, congratulations for this great song!!! 💜 Love it!!!💜 always a pleasure💜
Loving it...
👌👌👌👌
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saujuN4PPxs\n\n\nsub me
so good
#eargasms
LIT ❤
Amazing !!! これ、めちゃ好き♡同時期にシンガポールに住んでました :D
Lovely song
......
Amazing
OMG! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
so sick.....brilliant work Kygo
que hermosaaaa!!
Pure Gold !
Absolutely amazing!!! Love Kygos' style!!!😍
Just Great Good Job Kygo 👍
Selena gomez are same voice 💎
love it
♫♫♫
How do you make the kick so bassy? nice vibe
can we get a million by October 1?
I just love this song the way it is.
Rings true about my life!
OMG its an awesome song and I love it soooooo much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Kygo has become one my favorite artists :)
Driving the PCH...perfect fit for here
Thank you very much for exist KYGO
Is this a new album?
This song made me depressed but it is so good that I hit the replay button...again and again and again!
I was going to shit post on a shitty pop song but this isn't that bad
WOW..just WOW\nangel's voice with soothing music. the vocals are just pure magic..wow
A road trip ,this song and our best friends ❤️
Who's here before 50k likes
I am already obsessed  with this song!
This song fits my town too well, Crack shack Powell River man. Part of the mainland yet we are so secluded only way in or out is by boat or plane -.-
Beautiful. Nice to see Kygo doing something different and original.
This song is so peaceful
Too bad that it has an end
i feel like this song so familiar
Best song I've heard in a long time...
Such a lovely song 😭
HERE BEFORE 1M
So good aaah ❤😭
ahhhhhhhh love this
awesome kygo music is back! yes
😍
😍
Kygo - This Town ft. Sasha Sloan
before 1 milli ❤✨
Damn kygo this is beautiful <3
is she Sasha_S ?
Wow.
Execelent!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4I_NYya-WWg he stol this music :/
Chill
67 watching now.hmm i see
HOLY FUCK
So perfect 💙🙏🏻
Perfect 💗💗👊💪
Nossa ❤
So soothing and melodic
lovely song everrr <3
REAL SONG!
Wow awesome music
Pack your bags!
Jesus Christ Kygo...are you ever gonna make a bad song?
This music remind me Kate Bush - Running Up That Hill
Nice laid back sound to chill out. too
When the beat is low, I'm like (◕‿◕)  When the beat is near, I'm like (~˘▾˘)~  When the beat drops, I'm like  FLIP THAT TABLE (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻  FLIP THAT TABLE ┻━┻︵⌣(°□°⌣)  FLIP ALL THE TABLES ┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻  Dad ┬┴┬┴┤(･_├┬┴┬┴  WHAT ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)  Nevermind... ┬┴┬┴┤   ├┬┴┬┴
This song is a shit. The sound is very bored and this is not the style of Kygo.\nSong of shit!!!
I cant describe how amazing this song is.... And i dont know why it makes a little sad.... But I am totally in love.
i feel the same
same style that i have  :) <3 Love Chill future bass so much <3
Speed of Sound style
Music is so nice and pleasing and the song itself is lovely
Anyone here before a Million Views ?
soo peaceful! Just Pleases the soul. My first kygo song
we gotta get out, lets get outta this town <3
I Like This Song
Who thinks this song is perfect is for Paper Towns? \n\n\n\nOnly moi? Okie.
It's so soothing! Keep it up KYGO and Sasha your voice is so good!
awesome 😎  love this song very much
This is so chill and peaceful😍❤
Whoahh this song is goals
I found a masterpiece
I really love this song ❤ It's great ❤❤❤😍😍😍😍
The lyrics are deep ! Amazing music to go with that. Soulful 👍
This song is so amazing... IDk why people don't admire these songs.. Means as u all know there are so many amazing songs which are indeed good bt still they are not it the top songs..... Like this one( of course )  and first time by Ellie Goulding , too much to ask by niall and so many more... I really don't understand why does this happens
This has to be the most mesmerizing track Kygo has  put out in a while. Definitely the best track on this EP.
This songs begging for a Remix! Love it though
First time i heard this song i thought it was selena gomez 😂😂, and yeah you find the new kygo style (its great) 😉😉
This song is just perfection...Kygo always performing and giving up and coming artists a chance...well done keep it up
Who can relate to the lyrics cause they hate their town?
I don't wanna live my life in circles ..that lyrics give mi chills
who's here before thw billion?
her voice is similiar to selena gomez's one but I prefer this
OMG Kygo thats the best music what i hear. I play it and it is unstopable thets the best. Good Job Kygo ❤
The track is really calming and the vocals just take in a journey through the clouds !great job Kygo ! i'm gonna be listening to this and only this for a while.
I thought it was Niall's This Town😂😂
Who should Poet and Vuj FIFA and Chill with next?
Defending: 27\nThat's Lovren\nLooooollllll
8:17 he said vitesse and he's a Chelsea player predicting his future...
deserves a higher rating just cause how funny he is, what a fkn lad
the London effect 8:27
Do one with romelu lukaku
Fifa and chill with mo salah
mannnnnnn, fuck that. I dont wanna read that shit vro lmao i will just leave a like on the vid lol
maybe pace should be higher but what did he expect? he basically didnt play at all last season
Let's be honest he should have more pace, passing,dribbling
He shouldn't be surprised he's only at Chelsea because he's a quick young striker who's from belgium.
get mendy please he's 78 overall😂
Make sure you start as well 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
man should be rated at least 82 damn
He can speak English .... have u seen his Twitter?
Are these guys use to like something else
It mad though i know people who can understand english but cant speak it like how does that work
Poet is a legend.
F*@%#' shit...     8:20
Should do David Luiz
Lol with all the shit this man chat on Twitter I don't believe this. Thought he would be fluent in English.
Aren’t people from Belgium meant to speak good English?
Are u guys trying to win the league and champions league\nNo there trying to get fucking relegated
He definitely tweeted after seeing his card
Fifa and chill with son heung min
benjamin mendyyyyyyy we want it now
This dude is tripping. Honestly nothing special. And I'm a Chelsea fan
Awesome to see footballers getting more interactive, be it with the game or people on Twtitter.
He is bit like drogba..good personality and funny
If DRI stood for driving Marcus Alonso would have a 0
Delusional lad. Should get off twitter and put his head down if he wants those stats because he can easily get to that level. says a lot when ur known more for ur twitter banta than ur actual proffesional day job
He’s a straight up baller
Hazard would be joke on fifa and chill
Haha look on the bright side, atleast you're higher than Rashford. 😂 FIFA always get it wrong, man should be 82 at the least.
The thing that annoys me most about copa 90 is everyone in the comments trying to talk like poet and vujanic because they think it will have a better chance on getting on comments below.
Does vuj realise he speaks with the accent of whoever he's talking to, even though he speaking English, going full joey Barton 😂
FIFA 18 rating is a fucking joke. Like seriously a fucking joke
It's funny how these footballers always overrate themselves, just shows that in their direct surroundings there are only people that kiss their ass and are never honest to them.
Hold on am I missing something? Is he not Belgian ???
He's upset about his rating😂\nDefoe scored 3x more goals than he did😂 and theyre the same rating!
this is the 1000th video ive like n my channel :)
Died when he said fucking shit for pace loooool
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Poet and Vuj talking English in a French accent made my day 😂
my guy on the right looks like a ant
Hi Poet &Vuj, Batshuayi is almost as funny as you two. Please get Pep Guardiola next. Love the show.
Vuj bare wants to laugh when his just chatting in French 😭
If morata is an 84 sitting on the bench all season, this guy should be an 83 at leaat
French is a dope ass language lol Batshuayi is the man. Chelsea fans who dont rate him should look at his goal to game ratio. Top notch. And he barely ever starts. So how would you know he’s trash
0:47  Make sure you start as well LMFAO
I'm not English and I can confirm it is quite easy to write but the pronunciation is hard because it isn't the same!!!
Poet doing the typical British speaking to a foreigner tactic of just talking very slowly.
the mic's on this channel are always so quiet Lol
Pretty sure he from belgium
At 0:50 Poet says make sure you start as well  then takes off his glasses ... 😎
i laughed so hard when both of them tried to go to team management and then both if them try to go back and they just started the game #relatable
Poet probably spends as much time with Vuj as his wife.
Diego costa in the starting lineup? 😂
Wait so can he understand and write English but not speak it ?
Passing 59 haha I laughed so hard when he saw that
Batshuayis friend runs his twitter account for those of you wondering
Vuj your a G,Igor Biscan on his back hahahahaha love from Croatia
Honestly, I am being honest one of the top personalities in football. Him and Sturridge are top 2. I would put Sturridge top though as I am a Liverpool fan and I am not being biased but I have just seen him use his personality more, compared to this one video with Mitchy. Haha.
poet you could do with some more random shit on your wrist mate
I support Liverpool, so I will choose Everton.
Mitchy sick hattrick against forest
Sly dig by poet there? 👀 0.46
Poet you asshole. “Make sure you start”
Get Benjamin Mendy next
433 brought me here
FIFA and chill with Mendy next!!
Lukaku fifa and chill
King batshuayi next up MENDY?
Hahaha what a guy
Get Hazard onnn
Fifa and Chill ft. Mendy
lol 84-85 why not 97 you're better thn messi nd ronaldo
English swears ar at:\n8:26 9:28 10:22
Mendyyyyyyy
Coolest guy ever
Get mendy on A.S.A.P
Everton FC
Mans got white teeth
Bring the Ox 😂😂😂
Man Like Batshuayi 😂
Batshuayi reactions are priceless! 😂
Sickjjjjj
DRIVING!?!?  :-|
He watches AFTV fo sho. He lying
Fucking shit
Michys got bants
YUGOSLAVIA👑👑👑👑👑👑👑
.
It's a ovo ting fam
PNL le monde ou rien
Them boys in the back are creepy af
he should have 80 pace, and at least 83 shooting tbh
the fuck is in between batshuayi's leg
get Lingard onto the show his reactions will be boss
Lol he deserves 65. Hes utterly useless at Chelsea
Had some issues uploading this one so sorry it was another day late, thank you all for the support, it means the world!\n\nFOLLOWING BACK ON INSTAGRAM TO CELEBRATE! -> http://instagram.com/killemftw
Spend the night in a mall toilet
Do the human mail across the sea thing again but in a clear box. It would be really cool to see what's underneath and terrifying for you 😂
U live in Doncaster
You're the best man! Been watching since your bubble ball on the lake. I've watched all of your spend the night videos and its so interesting and so entertaining ! Subscribed for sure
Spend the night in a store
Well done for 45 on trending thomas
You just gotta hope you don't get a boner, because under all that tape, it'd hurt like hell! 😂😂😂😂
In a pizza fort or a pizza box fort
This guy is such a savage
Shouldn’t have done so much tape 🙄
spend a night in ur bed
spent the night in one of those children's rides you got stuck in.
Spend the night underwater, with scuba gear
When moon did the countdown when she got to 0 an ad played -.-
Spend a night in a forest
You sir are a crazy basturd....  love ya man...  No homo...
“I’m the pickle”
Please stay safe❤ like so he can see
This happened to be in a wet dream
stay in a hammock hanging from a cell tower
He has no friends so his mom has to record him
Live off of 25$ for 12 hours
What?! His name is Thomas
When your mom goes to help with the breakdown, robber comes, steals everything in your house and greets you on his way out. 😂
You should duck tape your body for 12 hours
Spend a night on a roller coaster
You should rent a boat and spend the night in it
Tesco near me this never 😂
I spent the night in my bed and it was normal
Spend the night inside of Moon.
This video made my eyes grow limbs and burrow out of my head. They moved to an deserted island in the Philippians because they lost hope in humanity
Spend a night in a cage
Spend the night in a box fort outside
Watch u from Hungary , come over once lets do some crazy staff over here , by the way u do great video s keep it on
i yawned at the same time
His mom is da best 😂😊
Spend the night on a bouncy house on the lake or river
Spend the night in a storage unit.
do some more mail yourself videos!!!
Spend the night on Ben Nevis
Best one so far!
I thought Moon would be blonde tbh
OMG THAT'S ONE OF MY LOCAL TESCO!
You and Moon are so good together! She is so funny. I genuinely smile and laugh at you two! Love yall!
Like for the pickle
Do a spend my night in a ball pit
Spend the night in a corn field!
Duck tape to the floor
Why were his parents driving at like 4 in  the morning
You should have named the pickle and tape it next to you
Is it wired that in first grade my principal ducktape him self to the wall in a Toto
You should do that with a vr headset and watch IT
sleep in the town centre
He looks like a low-cost iron man
For some reason I always envisioned Moon as being a blonde.
When you buy your t-shirts from primark
u spent your night like jesus lol
 gonna ride u like a pony 😂😂😂😂
When can we see moons face
Killem when are u going to putting up another video!?!!
Screen slowly turning black\n\n\n\n\nMoon came home and realised he had died 😂
Spend a night in a portable toilet
Spend the night in a bounce house
Sleep the night on the street
Spend the night maybe in a prison
Omg we seen half of moon! She has glasses!!
Hi killem i love your vids sooo much and they always make me laugh so much well thats all hope you get to a million and spend the night at your house not in hospitals abd walls😂ly and carry on xxx
do a Moon face revial.
Coke causes Demyelination - I SHOULD KNOW
Sleep on a trampoline
Road to 1mil!!!!
Kill'em
Pickle Rick
#45 on trending
Great videos
Sleep in a hammock
Moon is awesome
wtf
Pizza
Move over pickle rick we got pickle killem now
PICKLE RICK
Kill em = pickle rick
omg!! this video is soo funny!!!!!!! hahahaha!!!!!!
Couple goals!!!
Sleeping a water slide
SO FUNNY😀😀😀😀😀
Skipped it all
Pickle rick!!
Plus killem, u desperately need some merch! #plug
OMG ITS JESUS!!!!!😱😱😱
Pickle rick
NUMBER 47 ON TRENDING
Get kid nappies not adult nappies
Moon is so funny 😂😂😂💋
Number 47 on trending
http://www.imgrum.org/media/1402490963716377279_4105064912
That ending tho
Oh dear how sad never mind
Was that Corby
*I’m still alive, if anyone cares...*
When make jake Paul said he will beat the PewDiePie I think it's Arnold's hell that would beat PewDiePie
Sub to me and ill sub back
Send him to ocean
you sound like riddle do you know him?
arnold always lose his pinky. \n\n\n\n\nAnd how do this channel GROW so fast?
All this just because he just wanted to see his cousin in Switzerland
I frickin love this channel :)
i swallowed a whale alive
What happen if you in the middle of no-where or in the desert?
Which software u use ?
The timer’s still there.
Like this for cookies
What if Arnold get's microwaved in a giant human-size microwave?
what if you stayed upside down for the rest of your life
Can you do what if you were at the bottom of the deepest trench for 1 sec
Like if you're watching this in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, 2031, 2032, 2033, 2034, 2035, 2036, 2037, 2038, 2039, 2040, 2041, 2042, 2043, 2044, 2045, 2046, 2047, 2048, 2049, 2050, 2051, 2052, 2053, 2054, 2055, 2056, 2057, 2058, 2059, 2060, 2061, 2062, 2063, 2064, 2065, 2066, 2067, 2068, 2069, 2070, 2071, 2072, 2073, 2074, 2075, 2076, 2077, 2078, 2079, 2080, 2081, 2082, 2083, 2084, 2085, 2086, 2087, 2088, 2089, 2090, 2091, 2092, 2093, 2094, 2095, 2096, 2097, 2098, 2099, 2100, 2101, 2102, 2103, 2104, 2105, 2106, 2107, 2108, 2109, 2110, 2111, 2112, 2113, 2114, 2115, 2116, 2117, 2118, 2119, 2120, 2121, 2122, 2123, 2124, 2125, 2126, 2127, 2128, 2129, 2130, 2131, 2132, 2133, 2134, 2135, 2136, 2137, 2138, 2139, 2140, 2141, 2142, 2143, 2144, 2145, 2146, 2147, 2148, 2149, 2150, 2151, 2152, 2153, 2154, 2155, 2156, 2157, 2158, 2159, 2160, 2161, 2162, 2163, 2164, 2165, 2166, 2167, 2168, 2169, 2170, 2171, 2172, 2173, 2174, 2175, 2176, 2177, 2178, 2179, 2180, 2181, 2182, 2183, 2184, 2185, 2186, 2187, 2188, 2189, 2190, 2191, 2192, 2193, 2194, 2195, 2196, 2197, 2198, 2199, 2200, 2201, 2202, 2203, 2204, 2205, 2206, 2207, 2208, 2209, 2210, 2211, 2212, 2213, 2214, 2215, 2216, 2217, 2218, 2219, 2220, 2221, 2222, 2223, 2224, 2225, 2226, 2227, 2228, 2229, 2230, 2231, 2232, 2233, 2234, 2235, 2236, 2237, 2238, 2239, 2240, 2241, 2242, 2243, 2244, 2245, 2246, 2247, 2248, 2249, 2250, 2251, 2252, 2253, 2254, 2255, 2256, 2257, 2258, 2259, 2260, 2261, 2262, 2263, 2264, 2265, 2266, 2267, 2268, 2269, 2270, 2271, 2272, 2273, 2274, 2275, 2276, 2277, 2278, 2279, 2280, 2281, 2282, 2283, 2284, 2285, 2286, 2287, 2288, 2289, 2290, 2291, 2292, 2293, 2294, 2295, 2296, 2297, 2298, 2299, 2300, 2301, 2302, 2303, 2304, 2305, 2306, 2307, 2308, 2309, 2310, 2311, 2312, 2313, 2314, 2315, 2316, 2317, 2318, 2319, 2320, 2321, 2322, 2323, 2324, 2325, 2326, 2327, 2328, 2329, 2330, 2331, 2332, 2333, 2334, 2335, 2336, 2337, 2338, 2339, 2340, 2341, 2342, 2343, 2344, 2345, 2346, 2347, 2348, 2349, 2350, 2351, 2352, 2353, 2354, 2355, 2356, 2357, 2358, 2359, 2360, 2361, 2362, 2363, 2364, 2365, 2366, 2367, 2368, 2369, 2370, 2371, 2372, 2373, 2374, 2375, 2376, 2377, 2378, 2379, 2380, 2381, 2382, 2383, 2384, 2385, 2386, 2387, 2388, 2389, 2390, 2391, 2392, 2393, 2394, 2395, 2396, 2397, 2398, 2399, 2400, 2401, 2402, 2403, 2404, 2405, 2406, 2407, 2408, 2409, 2410, 2411, 2412, 2413, 2414, 2415, 2416, 2417, 2418, 2419, 2420, 2421, 2422, 2423, 2424, 2425, 2426, 2427, 2428, 2429, 2430, 2431, 2432, 2433, 2434, 2435, 2436, 2437, 2438, 2439, 2440, 2441, 2442, 2443, 2444, 2445, 2446, 2447, 2448, 2449, 2450, 2451, 2452, 2453, 2454, 2455, 2456, 2457, 2458, 2459, 2460, 2461, 2462, 2463, 2464, 2465, 2466, 2467, 2468, 2469, 2470, 2471, 2472, 2473, 2474, 2475, 2476, 2477, 2478, 2479, 2480, 2481, 2482, 2483, 2484, 2485, 2486, 2487, 2488, 2489, 2490, 2491, 2492, 2493, 2494, 2495, 2496, 2497, 2498, 2499, 2500, 2501, 2502, 2503, 2504, 2505, 2506, 2507, 2508, 2509, 2510, 2511, 2512, 2513, 2514, 2515, 2516, 2517, 2518, 2519, 2520, 2521, 2522, 2523, 2524, 2525, 2526, 2527, 2528, 2529, 2530, 2531, 2532, 2533, 2534, 2535, 2536, 2537, 2538, 2539, 2540, 2541, 2542, 2543, 2544, 2545, 2546, 2547, 2548, 2549, 2550, 2551, 2552, 2553, 2554, 2555, 2556, 2557, 2558, 2559, 2560, 2561, 2562, 2563, 2564, 2565, 2566, 2567, 2568, 2569, 2570, 2571, 2572, 2573, 2574, 2575, 2576, 2577, 2578, 2579, 2580, 2581, 2582, 2583, 2584, 2585, 2586, 2587, 2588, 2589, 2590, 2591, 2592, 2593, 2594, 2595, 2596, 2597, 2598, 2599, 2600, 2601, 2602, 2603, 2604, 2605, 2606, 2607, 2608, 2609, 2610, 2611, 2612, 2613, 2614, 2615, 2616, 2617, 2618, 2619, 2620, 2621, 2622, 2623, 2624, 2625, 2626, 2627, 2628, 2629, 2630, 2631, 2632, 2633, 2634, 2635, 2636, 2637, 2638, 2639, 2640, 2641, 2642, 2643, 2644, 2645, 2646, 2647, 2648, 2649, 2650, 2651, 2652, 2653, 2654, 2655, 2656, 2657, 2658, 2659, 2660, 2661, 2662, 2663, 2664, 2665, 2666, 2667, 2668, 2669, 2670, 2671, 2672, 2673, 2674, 2675, 2676, 2677, 2678, 2679, 2680, 2681, 2682, 2683, 2684, 2685, 2686, 2687, 2688, 2689, 2690, 2691, 2692, 2693, 2694, 2695, 2696, 2697, 2698, 2699, 2700, 2701, 2702, 2703, 2704, 2705, 2706, 2707, 2708, 2709, 2710, 2711, 2712, 2713, 2714, 2715, 2716, 2717, 2718, 2719, 2720, 2721, 2722, 2723, 2724, 2725, 2726, 2727, 2728, 2729, 2730, 2731, 2732, 2733, 2734, 2735, 2736, 2737, 2738, 2739, 2740, 2741, 2742, 2743, 2744, 2745, 2746, 2747, 2748, 2749, 2750, 2751, 2752, 2753, 2754, 2755, 2756, 2757, 2758, 2759, 2760, 2761, 2762, 2763, 2764, 2765, 2766, 2767, 2768, 2769, 2770, 2771, 2772, 2773, 2774, 2775, 2776, 2777, 2778, 2779, 2780, 2781, 2782, 2783, 2784, 2785, 2786, 2787, 2788, 2789, 2790, 2791, 2792, 2793, 2794, 2795, 2796, 2797, 2798, 2799, 2800, 2801, 2802, 2803, 2804, 2805, 2806, 2807, 2808, 2809, 2810, 2811, 2812, 2813, 2814, 2815, 2816, 2817, 2818, 2819, 2820, 2821, 2822, 2823, 2824, 2825, 2826, 2827, 2828, 2829, 2830, 2831, 2832, 2833, 2834, 2835, 2836, 2837, 2838, 2839, 2840, 2841, 2842, 2843, 2844, 2845, 2846, 2847, 2848, 2849, 2850, 2851, 2852, 2853, 2854, 2855, 2856, 2857, 2858, 2859, 2860, 2861, 2862, 2863, 2864, 2865, 2866, 2867, 2868, 2869, 2870, 2871, 2872, 2873, 2874, 2875, 2876, 2877, 2878, 2879, 2880, 2881, 2882, 2883, 2884, 2885, 2886, 2887, 2888, 2889, 2890, 2891, 2892, 2893, 2894, 2895, 2896, 2897, 2898, 2899, 2900, 2901, 2902, 2903, 2904, 2905, 2906, 2907, 2908, 2909, 2910, 2911, 2912, 2913, 2914, 2915, 2916, 2917, 2918, 2919, 2920, 2921, 2922, 2923, 2924, 2925, 2926, 2927, 2928, 2929, 2930, 2931, 2932, 2933, 2934, 2935, 2936, 2937, 2938, 2939, 2940, 2941, 2942, 2943, 2944, 2945, 2946, 2947, 2948, 2949, 2950, 2951, 2952, 2953, 2954, 2955, 2956, 2957, 2958, 2959, 2960, 2961, 2962, 2963, 2964, 2965, 2966, 2967, 2968, 2969, 2970, 2971, 2972, 2973, 2974, 2975, 2976, 2977, 2978, 2979, 2980, 2981, 2982, 2983, 2984, 2985, 2986, 2987, 2988, 2989, 2990, 2991, 2992, 2993, 2994, 2995, 2996, 2997, 2998, 2999, 3000, 3001, 3002, 3003, 3004, 3005, 3006, 3007, 3008, 3009, 3010, 3011, 3012, 3013, 3014, 3015, 3016, 3017, 3018, 3019, 3020, 3021, 3022, 3023, 3024, 3025, 3026, 3027, 3028, 3029, 3030, 3031, 3032, 3033, 3034, 3035, 3036, 3037, 3038, 3039, 3040, 3041, 3042, 3043, 3044, 3045, 3046, 3047, 3048, 3049, 3050, 3051, 3052, 3053, 3054, 3055, 3056, 3057, 3058, 3059, 3060, 3061, 3062, 3063, 3064, 3065, 3066, 3067, 3068, 3069, 3070, 3071, 3072, 3073, 3074, 3075, 3076, 3077, 3078, 3079, 3080, 3081, 3082, 3083, 3084, 3085, 3086, 3087, 3088, 3089, 3090, 3091, 3092, 3093, 3094, 3095, 3096, 3097, 3098, 3099, 3100, 3101, 3102, 3103, 3104, 3105, 3106, 3107, 3108, 3109, 3110, 3111, 3112, 3113, 3114, 3115, 3116, 3117, 3118, 3119, 3120, 3121, 3122, 3123, 3124, 3125, 3126, 3127, 3128, 3129, 3130, 3131, 3132, 3133, 3134, 3135, 3136, 3137, 3138, 3139, 3140, 3141, 3142, 3143, 3144, 3145, 3146, 3147, 3148, 3149, 3150, 3151, 3152, 3153, 3154, 3155, 3156, 3157, 3158, 3159, 3160, 3161, 3162, 3163, 3164, 3165, 3166, 3167, 3168, 3169, 3170, 3171, 3172, 3173, 3174, 3175, 3176, 3177, 3178, 3179, 3180, 3181, 3182, 3183, 3184, 3185, 3186, 3187, 3188, 3189, 3190, 3191, 3192, 3193, 3194, 3195, 3196, 3197, 3198, 3199, 3200, 3201, 3202, 3203, 3204, 3205, 3206, 3207, 3208, 3209, 3210, 3211, 3212, 3213, 3214, 3215, 3216, 3217, 3218, 3219, 3220, 3221, 3222, 3223, 3224, 3225, 3226, 3227, 3228, 3229, 3230, 3231, 3232, 3233, 3234, 3235, 3236, 3237, 3238, 3239, 3240, 3241, 3242, 3243, 3244, 3245, 3246, 3247, 3248, 3249, 3250, 3251, 3252, 3253, 3254, 3255, 3256, 3257, 3258, 3259, 3260, 3261, 3262, 3263, 3264, 3265, 3266, 3267, 3268, 3269, 3270, 3271, 3272, 3273, 3274, 3275, 3276, 3277, 3278, 3279, 3280, 3281, 3282, 3283, 3284, 3285, 3286, 3287, 3288, 3289, 3290, 3291, 3292, 3293, 3294, 3295, 3296, 3297, 3298, 3299, 3300, 3301, 3302, 3303, 3304, 3305, 3306, 3307, 3308, 3309, 3310, 3311, 3312, 3313, 3314, 3315, 3316, 3317, 3318, 3319, 3320, 3321, 3322, 3323, 3324, 3325, 3326, 3327, 3328, 3329, 3330, 3331, 3332, 3333, 3334, 3335, 3336, 3337, 3338, 3339, 3340, 3341, 3342, 3343, 3344, 3345, 3346, 3347, 3348, 3349, 3350, 3351, 3352, 3353, 3354, 3355, 3356, 3357, 3358, 3359, 3360, 3361, 3362, 3363, 3364, 3365, 3366, 3367, 3368, 3369, 3370, 3371, 3372, 3373, 3374, 3375, 3376, 3377, 3378, 3379, 3380, 3381, 3382, 3383, 3384, 3385, 3386, 3387, 3388, 3389, 3390, 3391, 3392, 3393, 3394, 3395, 3396, 3397, 3398, 3399, 3400, 3401, 3402, 3403, 3404, 3405, 3406, 3407, 3408, 3409, 3410, 3411, 3412, 3413, 3414, 3415, 3416, 3417, 3418, 3419, 3420, 3421, 3422, 3423, 3424, 3425, 3426, 3427, 3428, 3429, 3430, 3431, 3432, 3433, 3434, 3435, 3436, 3437, 3438, 3439, 3440, 3441, 3442, 3443, 3444, 3445, 3446, 3447, 3448, 3449, 3450, 3451, 3452, 3453, 3454, 3455, 3456, 3457, 3458, 3459, 3460, 3461, 3462, 3463, 3464, 3465, 3466, 3467, 3468, 3469, 3470, 3471, 3472, 3473, 3474, 3475, 3476, 3477, 3478, 3479, 3480, 3481, 3482, 3483, 3484, 3485, 3486, 3487, 3488, 3489, 3490, 3491, 3492, 3493, 3494, 3495, 3496, 3497, 3498, 3499, 3500 like this comment
How long can you stay underwater?
Well I guess there's just one moral to this story: don't get eaten by a whale
What If the Whale Swallowed You Alive? The Whale will choke to death...
Arnold can’t die from aging, (just like face of boe from doctor who)
Not to brag or anything but i know Arnold. \nHe's my neighbor.
Why does he always lose a finger ?
Bottom of the ocean
Do what happens if you punch steel
do if he was the closest to absolute zero for a nanosecond
this channel had 463k subs when this video was uploaded now its aproaching 600k youtubr is finally giving the right people subs not fricking daniel brocolli
Next video Proposition - What if u gonna be radiated.
What would happen if you fell through a black hole
I don't think anyone could possibly get in some of these.... 'Events'.
You sound like the guy from ridddle
What if a Arnald was upside down for 2 days?
The channel should be renamed to:\nMeat Arnold. \n(After all, he's a test dummy)
Would there actually be oxygen though?
You should put him in in a zoo cage with lions
Watching this inside the whale right now
Do you feel like a wheel boy?
I hand miss one finger =Arnold life
Let's put arnold in a room filled with SJWs from Tumblr and have him wear a shirt that says justice was good until it touched Tumblr \n\n\nLike to see him try to survive that.
My finger is up☝
Let's put arnold at the bottom of the ocean😎
... Spongebob was at work. So where was Mr Krabs and Squidward?
Why in every episode like this one, Arnold loses a finger?
Hi random person looking in the comments. Your winning at life 😁😁
Hey Arnold the Gentleman voicing over your Channel sounds very familiar?
Wait I am still waiting for you to save him from freezing to death in antartica
Loved it can't wait for the rest u make
Arnold good than the terminator. Arnold never die ...
Does anyone think that this series has a secret meaning/hidden easter eggs?
SpongeBob SquarePants he died but he's still living
this channel grew fast. 2 months and he has 500k subs
If a sperm whale swallowed you, you would be dead before reaching anything. You would be crushed and suffocate on the way down.
Arnold, a fish can outsmart you... Do you know who a science is?
Am I the only one just not ignoring the time on the bottom?
This guy is genius. He only started his youtube channel like a month ago.  He already gets millions of views. His videos are ad friendly. This is how you do it.
The answer to this one depends on whether you are just unlucky or you are a prophet of God and you are running from him thinking you can outrun God because you dont like the orders he gave you.  See it all depends.   lol
i have now watched all your vids
is the count down below is a production fault?
*the IQ of all these creatures is gr8er than urs*
I have seen all your vids and also subscribed :)
Just discovered this channel. I am obsessed.
Love the narrator's voice.
Im starting to think a kid name Arnold bully this dude
1.5 months of videos and half a million subscribers.. hoe
I want more video.
Poor Arnold suffering from dangerous things in all these videos
What happens if arnold goes to the great red storm
I love the videos and all, but the losing a finger thing is somehow triggering my OCD ;-;
send Arnold in a tornado
Next Video: What if Arnold calls a black person a Nigger (with a hard R) in the hood??
Wtf whales have no teeth hahaha
This makes no fuckin sense
I love apple pie
Only 500,000 subs
spongebob cracked me up
Arnold been through alot shit man😂
Я роняю запад
Hehe Sperm whale
My kids were swallowed alive.
*lol*
8 videos\n\nHalf a million subs\n\n\n\n...
Arnold!!!\nYay!!!
Keep Making Videos You Worthless Bitch
500k in under two months....damn
Make more please
NOT SPONGEBOB D:
This Video Is Fuckin BullShit! Jkeejjdjuxjsijxuscbsgvveqidqjskamxiadnusnfenfuenfujdufjdidjeidnsyfbhfyenxiqksoqls
Why this dude always losing his pinky smh
Is Arnold real
Wait so do you drown?
Spongebob
Why Vore?
More videos plz ! they are soo funny😂😂
Dory!
Poor Arnol always loses his thumb
I Sall nemo and dory!!
mooorreee pllleeaasssee
cool
WHY HAND :-(
*insert vote joke here*
Continue the simulation by entering the Kurzgesagt Reality: https://youtu.be/tlTKTTt47WE
It's memes all the way down boys
see you guys on halloween
Only one problem we've never experienced lag (witch I guess u could say we wouldn't notice or the computer could be good ig)
I hope the guy who QC'd my code has been fired and there's a tech team working on a firmware update to be released SOON! I'm still using an S5 and searching for a job....ugh. Hate my life, uhh hem, my program.
This doesn't make sense to me. All of this stems from the assumption that reality has already surpassed where we are in time and is in the distant future where making simulations like this is possible. Which seems like a stretch.
Cool. I might be a CPU!
Thanks for the info
How do you overflow the memory
But can we backwards long jump to go up stairs really fast & go through walls?
How can both videos be part 2.
Hi jake duos that mean, that the computer could predict how would the humanity and the universe will go on until the end in a matter of time, could that be possidle? (I mean if it can predict whut hapend back in time so in the same way it will predict what happend after thay  turn on the computer in a case of a fast running simulator (that if i onderstand right it won't  de a problem)) (sorry for English)
People are talking about  existential crises and how their minds are blown. But actually, this whole simulation theory is a waste of time. There are plenty of other aspects of the human condition that should merit an existential crisis, like: war or the inevitability of death. I know simulation theory is intriguing but I sincerely think this particular topic is too much of an irrelevant distraction for intellectuals.
I'm going to go kill myself so I don't have to think about it
Giggles may come to those who pause between 5:41 - 5:42.
I sometimes feel like I'm in a game and everything and everyone around me is fixed and are set out to do what they do to see how I react and for a higher being to monitor and process everything I do into a data base like a game but we shall never found out until we die.
If we’re in a simulation, please let my dog live a long life
The simulation was made to get Rick's recipe for concentrated dark matter.\n\nJust be happy you don't live in the same cell as Jerry and are operating at like 1% processing speed.
Just a little something to blow your mind. You would not need a whole universe or a planet. The simulation could be build on the computers that we have now. Because, you could just be running a simulation for one person and everything else just added in once it is needed. So you don't feel alone you run into new objects ever so often. This would explain why no matter where you go you see people who look a like.
I really think about this a lot !!
The real question is who cares? Even if we are it's not like it's ever going to affect anything.
Copy in a nutshell much??
Sounds like we’re on the verge of Sword Art Online. Call me a weeb if you want but it’s true.
I love the moment kurzgesagt starts talking; it's a mix of surprise and a feeling of awe on the subject matter
The Matrix has you. Eat the red pill lol
If this is true, every single atom and any interactions it may perform will have to be simulated all at the same time bearing in mind 1 mole of hydrogen, 1 gram contains 6.02*10^23 atoms or 602000000000000000000000 atoms.
Ayyy bro someone made your office into a house
if we're in a simulation why isn't there a program to stop us thinking we're in a simulation? or perhaps that's what the simulation wants us to think; that we have free will so we're not in a simulation
Anyone else notice the shadow moving
This means we were meant to learn that we are simulated while being in the simulation...
What does it matter if you live in a simulation? It's real to you, so you shouldn't care.
wouldnt this require literally infinite computing power? which isnt possible surely? you have the og real reality, simulating a reality, but then the og reality, has to also compute the 2nd simulated world, and the 3rd one etc and that is apparently going on forever
If everything we know is made up of energy and vibrations then the simulation theory has a lot of ground.
But what If the simulated species build a technology so advanced that it interferes with their builder? What If we break out of the Simulation through technological advance? Sounds like the only solution to me.
I'M JUST A PLEB IN TROPICO 500
i wonder if you won any subscriptions or if the vsauce and kurzgesagt crowd is pretty much the same anyway.
Wouldn't it be cool if our world had a bunch of impossible fake things that don't exist in real life?
Am I the only person that is glad to see a new video from Jake? Or... the simulated Jake...
I think therefore I am.
But how can you experience a simulation if you are a simulation? There is nothing to experiencing anything.
Dear Programmer,\n\nPlease make Gangnam Style popular again and erase Despacito from everyone's memories.
i'm a defective glitch in the simulation
Some things you all MAY or MAY NOT be aware of...\n\nScientists speculate that someone may have already done that and created our world. To determine whether we’re living in a simulation, researchers are undertaking serious investigations—by examining the math that makes up our universe. \n\n[Dr. Gates] the John S. Toll Professor of Physics at the University of Maryland, and the Director of The Center for String & Particle Theory, is reporting that certain string theory, super-symmetrical  equations, which describe the fundamental nature of the Universe and reality, contain embedded computer codes. These codes are digital data in the form of 1′s and 0′s. Not only that, these codes are the same as what make web browsers work and are error-correction codes! Gates says, “We have no idea what these ‘things’ are doing there”.
If we live in a simulation and we create another simulation so the first computer will be 2x loaded so on and on.. so that first computer should be impossible powerful, myth busted
Ohh, that was an interesting distinction between a simulation vs a virtual reality. \n\nI would argue that a simulation wouldn't be conscious. And that many elements would be simplified to the point that much wouldn't actually be simulated at all. \n\nFor a consciousness to be part of a simulation it would inharently transform into a virtual reality where conscusness then is the player logging into the reality.
I spent an hour explaining my character in Skyrim that he is not real ... he still does not believe me !
Are Vsauce3 and Vsauce2 related to Vsauce? Are they friends? Are they connected to each other?
This isn't a simulation.
If it is indeed the case, then hacking it would give us super powers. Think Saints Row IV.
Could you make your next video on whether or not AI could reach consciousness like they did in Westworld? Or just make it Westworld or AI themed and talk about a topic from the show's multitude, like the topics of an AI uprising, or the possibility of programming consciousness, or just the physics of the whole thing idk. I'd like to see a video like that as you used to do themed videos like that ages ago (like the Could Watchdogs Be Real one).
characters... with free will... lol
Short answer: it doesnt matter at all.
So.. if this is true.... you're a part of the simulation and I am the only real one or what...?
Whatever you do just don't peek at the man behind the curtain
God created this so called simulation.
sometimes when i'm stoned and a i get a trippy thought on the meaning of life, i get scared that i'm right and that i'm taken away by aliens of some sort for ''knowing too much''
If you guys are into this theory i suggest you guys check out Tom Campbell's My Big T.O.E.
But if both episodes are part 2, where is part one?
I try not to think about these because some times my mind gets empty and makes me think that am i the only person in this world and all others are just simulated holographic people. Is anything real. What really happens if we die, does it feel like its a never ending sleep or do we travel to another world.\n\n      My mind is messed sometimes
If you are reading this. Pull the plug please. Turn the simulation off. I had enough.
Why does... Everybody on Vsauce speaks... (...) like this?...
I think the simulation had a giant glitch\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nENGLAND IS MY CITY
what if we got nuke and we had nowhere to live right now
Hopefully the creators don't see this.
This is a post I made some time ago...\nExactly the same claims that are in this video...\nhttps://m.facebook.com/groups/1624894197726555?view=permalink&id=1943561959193109
Vsauce and  Kurzgesagt together...is this the simulation of paradise?
Don't worry your honour I didn't really do anything because it's all a simulation.
It is a fun thought experiment based on the idea that technology advances could/may create the possibility of simulated consciousness aka AI, but what makes all of this bogus, for me personally, is the idea that there is no real good reason for the existence of such a computer and its computations on the creation of such virtual beings/lives. I hope not anyhow. The fact that we are distancing ourselves from our planet everyday, while still living upon it, just may prove me wrong. It is infinitely sad that we choose to create more and more things that distract us from the very life going on around us. And with that last thought on the subject, I will now put my phone down and play with my daughter...watching a true new hope in action.
Vibration is the key to unlocking the code in our simulation.
What if the ones running the simulation are themselves in a simulation?
Well my if my illness could stop simulating that'll be great
Are you telling me atoms are real pixels?
I never knew that's how you are supposed to pronounce that channel's name!
What if your simulated society comes up with something so great you have to implement it for yourself. A new energy resource for example. This might be a good reason to simulate a whole world with conscious beings. Just look at the good and bad things they come up with and apply their solutions on your own problems while avoiding the mistakes they make. After all we might just be an experiment
Interesting way to accept the intelligent designed universe, without acknowledging our creator.
Well the world do have some glitches since, there are constantly missing vehicles/people almost every year or so. If you were to assume that all this reality is a simulation, maybe they had stepped into the other dimension which is a hole of the near perfect simulation. Lol that explains the Bermuda triangle or Gravity malfunctions that exists on the planet.
Who is this imposter simulating Vsauce? The dweeb is even trying to talk like the original guy.
Yes, yes, a thousand times yes!
What if we are in a car battery?
That must be a lot of storage space... I could use that to hold, u know...\n\n\n\n\n\nall my cat videos
Now one could say that nothing is real. Everything is made up from the same basic material. Energy. The only thing that creates things like light or matter is some nebulous frequency that energy vibrates at that determinate what kind of fundamental particle this energy will create. Everything you see does not really exist at all, but is energy masquerading as the world you perceive. Even you are just energy. In the end it is pretty similar to a simulation where the most basic form is an impulse that can be one of two states that everything is made from.
Anyone else thinking about the matrix whilst watching this. I need the infinite money hack for thks game called life
whell some body is playing games with me
What if the people simulating us are a simulation also... mindfucked
I have been waiting for this. It has been so long since a new video. I love these
A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside A simulation inside a simulation inside a stimulation inside a simulation inside a simulation
wwhat if jake is Kurzgesagt
Kurzgesagt!!!!!!!!
I love hentai
I want a refund
I think Jake pronounced Kurzgesagt wrong.
TL:DR \n\nYes.
Mind blown
5:52 some serious bondage
Inside a simulation, Inside a simulation, Inside a simulation, Inside a simulation, Inside a simulation,
Ads
Chuck Norris isn't real?
Why copy from LEMMINO? Disliked.
Rick and morty battery universe
Kurzgesagt voice ♥
Kim needs to F-out of kourtneys airtime always wants the attention on her
Can we just let her talk?! 😂😂 😂
my psychotic ex HAHAHA I love scott
Kourtney is such a stunner!
Kortney wins the meddle for never being triggered. She remains so calm lol
Kourtney and scott are a cute couple.
they will get back together trust me they are just waiting to sign a millionaire contract to shoot life of kourtney and scott ...
He is now with sofia richie, ew
SCOTT IS SUCH A DOUCHEBAG
Scott is hilarious!😂I'm glad he stood up for Kourtney in telling Kim to let her talk.
they should get back together for real!!  😢
that dress was so gross. ew
scott looks healthy and I'm happy for him
No one is going to address her .... breasts?
They both are so sexy , and have adorable children , too bad they can't get their s--- together to make it happen . Growing up is hard to do , making babies is the easy part ...
quem é scott disick?  um mauricinho babaca que se aproveitou da fama da kourtney.
Scott Disick is the best
Kour is classy!!! She's the best Kar
I love how real Scott keeps it 😂 definitely my all time favorite person on the show
I use to hate Scott Lol. But I think they r so cute together
Wow. He's not lying. That's how men get us sometimes. I'm happy she's moved on.
We all can find this kind of relationship almost everywhere. \nLoving each other but can't be together.
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Thank you Scott for shutting KIM the transvestite up !
Scott is sick of Kim I'm sure
As much as I dislike these folks, I think this one is the most normal of the bunch. She looks natural and normal and a bit like me. And it's true that women are attracted to broken guys. Especially women like her who grew up seeing nothing but dysfunction.
Scott Disick is a wanker. Why are they laughing and patting him in the back for his bad behaviour ?  He abandoned his kids & kourt a hundred times to get drunk and sleep around. Now he is sleeping with Sofia Ritchie who he watched grow up as kylies friend. Its disgusting.
Man this is so awkward do I need to watch it 😂😂😂
Scott is telling the true and she hate that shit😒we all know she fell in love the fucked up Scott not the Good Scott👎
Scott: I try to fcuk once a week. \nLmao I believe him too 😂😂😂
KUWTK actually sems interesting for once after watching this
theres still something there for sure it shows the way they looked at eachother
I relate to Kourtney.. She is the oldest and realist of the bunch. Watching her family woes playout seems more realer than anyone else on the show.
She looks great especially after having all those kids :)
Why do you ask them theese questions? It's personal, you can see on Kourtney that she was not so happy about it. RESPECT PRIVACY!!
I've always thought Kourtney was the prettiest one, even at her shadiest annoying moments. She is strikingly gorgeous and doesn't need to try. She's a natural, but with fake boobs 😂
I hate all their voices
Scott is right he is telling the truth💪
I love them together.💔
Scott is dating Lionel Richie's teenage daughter
Kim does not like scott therefore you won't be playing your games with her sisters . There you go for all the stupid people who can't read between lines
God I think Scott is so hot!!!
scott is so hot .But she seems like a nag
Scott shut Kim up with the quickness 👏👏👏
The way he shut kim up was amazing!!
look at dos cheeks to rub the meat on ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Crackhead
If Scott would truly get his life together..and be a Man, and if he stopped messing around with 19 year olds maybe he and Kourtney would have a Chance 🤔
The Sisters Of Satan strike again! This time around Scott Disick will turn into a woman like you know who!
I ship them so much
Kourtney only smiles that big when Scott's there...that has to say something
I lo❤e you, Scott!!!!
PLS kill all the Kardashians stop for tv
Hmm wasn't he just pap'd kissing 19 year old Sophia Richie and Bella Thorne (also 19).. they're younger than Kylie ffs and now he is here saying he still tries to fk with Kourtney. This man... 😩
She still looks in love with him....
Only the kardarshians would have a set like this 🙌
Why Kylie is not there geez
That hoe gonna come back when she want to have another baby. Y'all know he aint nothing but a walking sperm bank to her anyways
Where can we watch the full interview?
Scott so cute as he ages
I think that they have such a genuine love and connection with each other but, Scott has probably hurt Kourtney way too many times that although she wishes he'd change..she knows it's never going to happen. I honestly haven't seen anyone make Kourtney laugh and smile, and bring out a different side to her like Scott can. They are so different but there's so much love there. I believe that Scott has no real direction and his energy is misguided. He's a grown man and still hasn't matured yet! I don't believe he's found the therapy he's honestly needed. He needs someone like Tony Robbins to coach him honestly and I can see Scott transforming. Once he's found who he is and learns to become whole within himself, and learns how to be in a monogamous relationship, who knows what could happen. I loved them when they were together though.
Lmao It is true what he says. He treats her nice and she gets bored and it happens so women like the bad guys i have done that and i get dumped when i am too nice
Scott shut Kim all the way down 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
Scott is cute to look at, but when he opens his mouth- its like STFU.
FAKE tit family. They all have FAKE boobs, lips, and butts
When They called out Scott Kourtney moved because she wasn't right there
Now Scott found a new girl to date
Why do minorities lead prostitution and destruction of morals??!
scott is nigga in a white persons body
Its crazy how much people like scott with her. Hes always cheating on her. Im so glad she left him
Scott is funny as hell..
Majority of long term relationship if they make up and break up many times will never be the same as it once was..too much history and bad memories even if they're being adult about the whole situation now and co parenting their kids.. have loved for each other but not in love things just isn't the same anymore ever again.. speaking from experience 💯
Scott: can we let kourtney talk??\nAlso scott: *starts cutting off Kourtney wehn she's trying to say something
Will its Sarah guess o what no its kourtteny
Lord Disick
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=112849
Scott shut kim down boi
Lool
Omg i love scott lmao
scott is hilarious
At like 0:20-0:23 Kourtney looked somewhere
1:12
Woow Kourtney is gorge😍
Scott is handsome..
Scott looks happier
Seriously?
Hahahaha scottttt
GRADEAUNDERA *loves* this lot..\nThe Kardashians..\nLol... https://youtu.be/_qu3F3cZjC4
Kourtney is so pretty
Only clicked for her boobs
Nice tits!
Kourtney has always been my fav!
I love scott hott
Scott is looking so hott!!
Haha Khloe looked so shocked when Kim opened her rude mouth
Kourtney is glowing omg 😍❤️
Get back together!!!!!!!
Awkward
Shes so hot
kourtney is 🔥
Looks like people missed the point of this video. This video is NOT a persuasive video. It is an informative video. It provides solace for those who willingly do not want to have kids by providing science behind why their decision is sound and/or beneficial. It is not bashing on people who have kids, nor is it telling you, you shouldn't have kids, it's saying that if you do not want kids, that's cool, here's some science to back you up. I honestly do not get why everyone is getting worked up over this.
Yes, i think (((you))) shouldn't have kids.
Somebody had you two..
Thank you for the video! I was hoping you guys would make something about your perspective on this - I agree.
I have chosen to not have children, just like I have chosen to not be an astronaut or a doctor or lawyer. I am no more selfish for choosing not to have children than I am for my personal career choice.  I find meaning in my creative projects, work, and personal relationships with others. Instead of having children of my own, I can help to improve the lives of children that already exist, by being a mentor and a leader. If I don't have children of my own, I can devote my time to other children who might value me as a leader.
Is the next one going to be titled Why you should kill yourself? Because if you continue this logic that where you'll inevitable end up.
It's way more intellectual easy to find out why people shouldn't have kids, the brave thing to do would be to make a video that goes against your own views, namely, why you should have kids. Maybe that would help people more and teach them that the goal of life isn't to be super selfish?
I'm not even going to watch your video, but you're fucking stupid.
lmao this video is evidence you've lost your fucking minds. Does make one not want to have any children if this is the future. 🐒
What happened to respecting each others life decisions? If you wanna kid, cool, you don't wanna kid? Cool! Who gives a shit, their life is not your business and it is not an insult to their families or their country. THEY DON'T OWE HUMANITY A CHILD! k bye.
I'm so glad you retards cannot procreate...
Here's another fact about having Kids:\nwatch?v=GGNxxMCbsvo
jfc I’m so sorry u guys have so many haters keep up the great vids
They know the cost of everything, and the value of nothing.
I'm a liberal, but these SJW's/'progressives' are really getting on my nerves.. My conservative friends are looking more sane everyday.
These guys shouldn't have kids.  Ever.  Other, better, people, however, should continue having kids.
LOL these guys should definitely not have kids!
This video is aimed at white people.
these same creeps will tell Europeans they need to embrace immigration because of low birth rates. (((thanks)))
White genocide at its finest....
All this is bullshit, all the crap they talked is only relevant for like the first couple of years.
I see other videos supporting socialist garbage on this channel. You have a moral obligation to have children if possible in a socialist society. Otherwise you're likely a free rider unless you have something amazing to offer the world as a whole. And these two likely don't qualify.
Cynicism and sarcasm should not be mixed with information. And if you want to truly convey objective information then you should at least try to show both sides rather than just say, well we don't say having kids is bad but we basically think you are stupid if you do. That puts you on the level of a brat rather than a valuable part of society. It appears that we are surrounded by Brats who demand their rights and for everybody to cater to their whims while the truly sacrificial effort of raising children properly, is downplayed as something counterproductive and dumb.
Because there's a possibility they would try to kill you in your sleep
Your parents probably agree with you.
Point 1- Greg, love how your nail polish matches your shirt! <3 \nPoint 2- the highest birth rates come from less developed countries. I wonder why? I guess people in developed countries have it good and are way too attached to comforts that lessen somewhat when having a child – so very sad. Our dependence on comfort will be the end of us. People in less developed countries certainly don’t ponder over how much it will cost (there is no money to begin with, so nothing to lose), over the damage to their welfare (there is none to begin with, so again, nothing to lose), over the discrimination in a job application process (there are no jobs to start with, so once again, nothing to lose)…\nWhen we strip off all the indulgencies of modern society, all that remains is…err…raw life? A good reason to have a kid, obviously. \nI would like to pose a little exercise for anyone/everyone who reads this: if you had nothing to lose, what would be your reason to have a kid? I’m also in the game, since I don’t have children.
Jesus the comments.  I totally appreciated this video as a woman who doesn't want kids.  I don't hate kids,  and took this with the humor it was presented.  People without kids are often forced to hear about the wonders of having children as well as being told we are selfish for not.  This was a fun and silly attempt at some balance, calm yo tits people.
*Okay, so I see that there is a lot of disagreement, but like.... Did you not see the outro?*
Sucks that nobody told this your parents.
Two homosexuals talking about a subject with which they are biologically removed from by personal choice. BUMP! Hey guys, newsflash, humans exist and have evolved to the point where you can share your toxic opinions, BECAUSE HETEROSEXUALS HAD KIDS ... oh that's right though, you don't see the health and existential prerogative of greater society from the point of view of a stake holder. Got it.
Watch the response video,\nWhy You Should Have Children (Response to Greg and Mitch) by Coach Redpill
The birth rate in my country is lower than death rate,there are a lot of old people (the average is >40 years) and our economy and retirement system are fucked.\n\nRaising a child is hard,not everyone are responsible parents, but if many don't have kids there will be consequences and you two didn't want to cover that side for whatever reason.
You know north America accounts for 8% of the world's population ? I think we're okay lol
1:36 maybe because women are traditionally the caregivers and we're making 'progress' because now men care for kids too???????
It's a fantastic idea because most AMERICANS are too self centered and can't personal responsibility of their own lives. Millie nails are too self absorbed and think the world revolves around them
One of the last sentences is giving you some GOOD reasons not to have kids. There really aren't any good reasons here: oh no, you're not gonna be as happy - selfish, oh no, they cost money - they drive you to become more efficient and earn more, oh no, a woman will be less employable - for like 14 years until the kid is more or less responsible, after you have like the rest of your life to work, you know how long people live?! Do the math on the portion of your life less employable vs the rest of it! Carbon footprint - that's just an atrocious anti-humanistic argument. No, kids aren't really a bundle of joy most of the time but they are the greatest source of meaning in any person's life. This video doesn't provide you with good reasons not to have kids, but with half arsed excuses to stay selfish and immature, to keep on being an undeveloped human being that cares about nothing but their own petty little life.
What if... your parents watched a video with the same topic....\nYou wouldnt exist ;-;
Kids just seem like too much for me. A small human depending on you for 18 years sounds stressful and expensive. Small children are adorable but then  they turn into asshole teens and start talking back and shit. No thank you!
This is like a recruitment video for ISIS/the alt right.
Don't have children i agree we don't want people like you on earth, be gone bitch
let's not have kids because they'll cost more \nlet's not have kids because there's more children in africa \n\njust fuck off
So how much money did Soros pay for this?
I guess i can understand why people hate lgbt media , please host a vegan to inform us about how to cook our stake next time.
Go and tell the niggers to stop breeding then
Overpopulation is not an issue in developed countries, in fact, often times the birth rate is lower than the replacement rate, like in Germany. The only solution to stop the global population from exploding is for either the governments of countries with these issues, like India, to fund programs that educate their people to have less children, or for the cultures of such places itself to change and model themselves after western ways, so having two children becomes a societal norm. Don't guilt people into not having children with your overpopulation scam, because the developed world's population is stable and even dipping in some places. You aren't as smart as I had earlier believed, I'm disappointed you would present such an uneducated argument to try to convince people who are on the fence not to have kids.
Yes, blacks are overpopulating the world and doing harm to the environment. They should consider not having kids to prevent oppression.
Ha! Like I'm gonna listen to two cum eaters who can't have kids tell me I shouldn't have kids. GTFO!
i cant listen to any man that wears nail polish..sorry just can't.
You also consider that children are our future, and white population is older and older in EU and US. Our meaning of life is to improving ourselves but also we can learn that children what is right values, we can also make this world better place if you teach our children what is right, and what isn't right. Our job is to trace directions in life of our kids, but not to force them to do things that we think are good for them. At the end, we are all mortal, when we're old, it is much better to have grown up kids, which are grown up to honest people, rather than be alone, isn't it ?  That is why we should have kids...\n\nAlso rich people has less children than poor people...
You shouldn't have kids if you are african/live in Africa. Europeans(white people) are dying out because there are not kids while middle-eastern and africans have around 5-6 kids, if you are going to tell someone not to have kids tell it to the middle-eastern and the africans and not to the europeans(white people). If you are an european or european-american have more kids, don't listen to those guys here, keep your people and your culture alive.
Gonna have 20 kids just cause of this vid.  Thanks for reminding me there are people out their that support white genocide.
Co2 is a harmless gas that actually makes the earth greener. And because you don't have children you are childish adults
Don't have a kid: you have to be an adult if you do.
Very informative video for people who don't want children!!!
Lol science from YouTube \nYou people are incredible ignorant.  Your science is flawed of course because every single thing you said in this was incorrect.
Holy shit it's Charles and Rudy from Archer!
Q-why --some of my wording is crossed out.. please explain.
Trying very hard to be polite. This is a devious way of making yourselves feel better or anyone else for that matter. Why not just stick to the reality of it. We can feel ok with or without kids. Life choices take us in many different directions. The worst of it all was the carbon footprint nonsense. I hope you enjoy your good night sleep with all your fancy gadgets and clothing, and hair gel, and all the other crap you use in your free lifestyle that makes you so virtuous and role models of citizens because you can prove there’s more than one way for people to live their lives.
People in general don't (and shouldn't) have children to improve their lifestyle. The question isn't whether it's fun or easy, but whether it's meaningful & worth it. Fact is, most things worth pursuing are challenging. Including raising a child. If your parents followed the philosophy you put forward in this vid, you wouldn't be here to vlog.
If this is supposed to be solace for people who don't want to have kids then don't frickin title it in a way that's aimed at more than just those people.
I really liked this video and am not butt hurt at all (unlike almost this entire comment section). Thanks you guys, great stuff as always!
Greg's comment about being grumpy killed me😂👏🏼
I don't understand these comments. What does the video have to do with white people? So what if the white gene dies out? It was probably meant to die out anyways. Humans are being more widely socially interactive than ever and since dark skin is more dominant than light skin it's more likely that all humans will become the same shade of brown in the future. It's just the way evolution works. The climate gets warmer so more dark pigmentation is needed. That's a good thing, you know (not climate change but pigmentation change). Do y'all wanna look like boiled lobsters when spring arrives? Overpopulation is a real thing, but still if you decide to have a child (or even two) that won't contribute much to the world population as the children will just replace their parents and well, not all children will grow up and be able to reproduce themselves. But adoption is a good alternative if you want to have a child because they're already in need of a loving parent. Also this topic has nothing to do with feminism or homosexuality wtf why is every comment section a war zone these days?
Where has this video been all my life.
I am baffled as to why two unmarried gentlemen with zero child-rearing experience are opining on this subject of children.  It is well known that children are costly and cause sleep deprivation.  What these fine fellows cannot possibly understand is the joy and satisfaction that parenting brings.  Not to mention seeing ones progeny, and, dare I say it, the NECESSITY of bringing sound, intelligent tax-paying citizens into society.  Otherwise, who will pay in to the system to ensure the non-child bearing citizen's lavish retirement benefits?  Additionally, if the gentlemen in this video are serious about overpopulation, they would best head to Africa and start preaching birth control.  Either that or they could off themselves, for the good of the environment.  :)
homosexuals are a genetic and evolutionary dead end. the future belongs to those who procreate.
*Coming from homos who can't have kids*
C U L T U R A L  M A R X I S M\n\nGoogle it (watch out, Wikipedia and other fake news call it a conspiracy theory). And have as many white babies as you can.\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/2occ7m/wikipedias_cultural_marxism_article_now_redirects/\nShow less\nREPLY
Don't have children goyim, bring in immigrants to supplement your low birth rates
Two homosexuals telling heterosexuals not to have kids......seems legit!
The guy in the glasses has such a punchable demeanor, jesus christ I couldnt stand listening/watching him for more than 10 seconds, that was rough.
I wonder if it ever appeared to you that you can say all this shit because someone had you as their kid.
To the guys in this video... go green and kill yourself. Oh did I gender you right?
So don't have kids because... you're stressed and sleeping less and you have to spend money... HOLY CRAP NO ONE KNEW?!?! But hey no counter points for the fulfillment of having children or raising a family... that'll be just chocked up to personal choice unceremoniously while science (aka a select unverified unfalsifiable surveys is science now) proves why you shouldn't procreate because reasons say all satisfactions are equal... or something... when we're railing against a topic. Sure.\n\nAh well... kiddo number 4 is on the way. Screw your carbon footprint garbage, I'm more than happy to have more too since I can provide for them and I enjoy having them. All this is is a set of lame excuses to get people to leave you alone about having children... and if THIS is your response then you were never equipped or capable of being a good parent in the first place. /shrug\n\nNext up: Why you shouldn't swim in the ocean.... ITS WET!!\n\nFollowed by: Why you shouldn't stick your hand in fire... ITS HOT!!
Childfree people use basically the same logic as MGTOW. It is sad
You guys should totally grab a fucking knife and repeatedly stab your insides until you see the light and then spring towards the light so that your soul completely obliterates into nothing. That's why.
I can't take these two guys seriously lmao 😂
@Greg and Mitch, \nFor your next video, please enlighten us on how to minimize testosterone levels so we can be flabby and weak like you.
I've never wanted to dislike a video twice until now
stellar job mr.goldberg, but thankfully people in this comment section arent retarded
Being grumpy as fuck. How about you should have kids because it's not just about you.
i love how /pol/ went balls to the walls on this comment section
You know what, if you wanna halt climate change and resource draining, we have to kill welfare programs because people are just having kids in order to get free benefits.  That's a MASSIVE resource drain and will only hurt the earth.
Does this motherfucker have painted finger nails.
Eugenics, satanism.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUJMR3BUm2s
If you don't have kids you can be a selfish self centred bitter cunt forever, without ever having an adult responsibility or a stake in the future of civilisation.\nThis video gave my cancer it's own cancer.
So much homofobia Jezus christ
God hates sodomites
Best video ever!!!!!
Super Cucks #CulturalMarxism
Two ugly losers.
You guys shouldn't have kids because you're an evolutionary failure that shouldn't reproduce. The real issue occurs when two degenerates with genetic error such as yourselves are allowed to adopt children that have healthy genes and brainwash them into biologically dysfunctional beings that refuse to do their main evolutionary purpose - to reproduce.\n\nAs for all Western Europeans and North Americans, ask yourselves what your state and the media is doing to you. Videos like this are on Trending but everyone who talks against obvious attempts to exterminate our race is either censored or marked as an evil racist who refuses to adapt progressive values and is therefore a danger to society.
Try explaining that to Asians!
Speaking of health probs, teach us about distended anuses.
I still want kids...
Fucking degenerates kill yourselves
ALWAYS PULL OUT
REALLY ACTIVATED MY ALMONDS.
If you watch this and decide not to have kids, evolution just selected you out of the gene pool.
So fudge packers are now telling women whether or not they should have kids
A podcast by Louise and Emma would just be the best thing 😍
I loved what Emma said about how normal isn't just 'white mums in their 30s' - was such an inclusive and validating statement that addressed the lack of diversity in the mum online community.
This video cheered me right up after a bad day of headaches and other health crap. \nI have a friend who is over from Australia. Being disabled and having chronic fatigue, sometimes my house is far from instagram worthy. She always talks me she's come to see me, not the house. \nI might just have to start thinking about starting/ restarting my blog, and start vlogging. I know so many people in the same situation as myself, and we all discuss how there isn't really anything or anyone out there telling it like it is. Today's normal is being in bed since lunchtime, lots of co-codamol and sleep in my oldest and most comfortable nighty. Tomorrow's normal might (hopefully) see me in my craft room making a bespoke greetings card. On Sunday evening, we are off to see Suzanne Vega in concert. Normal is such a diverse range of scenarios, depending on your view point.
I love you two together 😂 Emma is such a legend! Had a bit of a rubbish day and just got into the bath and started watching this, was immediately cheered up by ooh he's fit isn't he 😂 xxx
the all pink hair compliments louise SO much i love it!!
asif my school teacher is a YouTuber now i remember when she thought me R.E haha 😂
Love this community of where we have similar thoughts and ideas and I love coming on here on a Sunday catching up and it makes me feel so good! xx
I love this video ,, there needs to be more of this no social media
So refreshing, not the usual unrealistic, copy and paste YouTube chat that we see by so many others!  Loved this! Xxxx
no not fleek, they say lit now
My normal is a day in my pj's looking after my nephew letting him mess my house apart and being a normal messy 1 year old, my living room consists on ride along diggers and a massive toy box that hardly contains toys as there everywhere else😂
I love this so much 😂😂
I was watching this while opening my new xmas tree x
tHAT'S A PURSE 😂😂😂
I just wanted to let you know, Louise, that I quite enjoyed this chatty vlog.
Emma: Where you're sat now, just take a photo. \nI am literally sitting on the toilet while watching this.. that really doesn't sound like a good idea now, does it? 😂😂
l'm loving your sit-chatty videos and loving todays chat❤
All have a look at Brene Brown on You Tube, most popular Ted Talk of all time. She says the same thing.I am enough is her mantra, gratitude is her way of life.
Words all of the words 😂
my Instagram bio is; a random selection of things I see, things I do and when I feel like it also my face. it's as real as it gets posting literally when I see things I like, when I go and do things, and when I think I look nice of funny a picture of myself. sometimes I post daily sometimes weekly annd other times it takes a month and it's all okay.
I love this video and the message behind it! You girls are fantastic\n\nBig Hugs and Kisses xoxo Sharon
omg the pink hair is such a throwback!
I love you both such inspirations and amazing for keeping it real xx
YES MY LIFE IS COMPLETE.
Louise I think you should name your baby Ayla it’s very unique and not many people have it also not to mention it sounds very cute with the name Darcy!\nAyla and Darcy!!
Confidence comes from within and my mother always told me , no one is better than you - they can be the same as you but not better .. i have never felt less than because of this and I am raising my daughters the same.  my house is neat because i have OCD that's me.. you are messy that's you . i don't judge and normal is used incorrectly.  don't judge me because you are insecure or feeling less than.
Oh my god I LOVE THESE TWO SO MUCH.
Feeling super anxious at the moment but this video was really comforting thank you
Love this, honestly made me feel so much better
Any other mums wish Louise was in your mummy group ?!
Yr friend is lovely just my sorta person bubbly like my self x
Grey blazer and that hair. LIFE
This is such an empowering and inspiring video ladies 💕 I love it. It's okay to be normal ✨
Love this. This is what my whole mantra is: you do you. Oxox
This cracked me up so much 😂 I love you two ❤️ such fun for this Friday!
i heart you two! <3
watching your videos is my after-college treat.. so relaxing!!
Emma: Take a picture of yourself right now\nMe: Im in the bath! 😂\nI love you both so much 💗😇
Excellent video from excellent ladies. Thank you for putting this up.
I love Emma so much😻
Completely agree! Love you both!
i love both of you just the way you are! dont change 😊
Aw fucking love you two! Average is so good!
I could watch a good couple of hours of you just talking about random crap Louise
Louise and Emma I really bloody loved this video. More of you two chatting inspirational bollocks❤️
As a mom of three kids, four dogs, and a full time RN.....I just love stuff like this. My house is often a huge mess even though I am constantly cleaning. There's just not enough time in the day for everything to be perfect all the time! And I love y'all together! I have tons of ordinary pictures on my Instagram kimi_lynn if you want to check them out! Lol
I love your pink hair so much omyyy😍🙆
You 2 together are just bloody awesome xxx
Lost it at “my face isn’t pregnant” 😂😂
I could've watched 3 hours of this, tbh.
Really ladies think you are just doing anything to get a vlog out !!!!
You have the prettiest eye colour!
This is amazing! I live for little chatty videos like this. I feel like I'm sitting there with you joining in with your conversation. Keep up the great videos Louise! 😊💕
I watched this video tucked up in bed with a galaxy hot chocolate and marshmallows and it really cheered me up because I have laryngitis and feel like crap! X
I'm getting better about comparing myself to others but 100% yes to all of this!!
My normal is bed with 9 chicken nuggets sat on my breasts. In a box. Obvs.
I wish I had an Emma, or at least a friend as great as Emma. I just have a dog that gives me a shady side eye when I talk to her, or glances at me judgingly when I have ice cream for dinner.
I have few things to say to you; I love you, you are so nice, you are so inspiring, you are very good mother and person. Thank you for being yourself, and thank you for making videos for all of us. Thank you Louise. xx
I LOVE this rambling.  Yes, make it happen.  Start the revolution xxx
I love this video! I love how casual and sweet it is. Please do more collabs! <3 you
Louise you are looking absolutely bloody stunning in this video, that hair/cardigan combo is a treat never mind that glow you've got going on. Can we also take a moment for when you went to do the ' west side' sign & simply just held your hands up 😆 my kind of cool mum! x
This average chat, about being average, was way far up above average!  Well done  :-)
Haha an example of my normal yesterday was my toddler running round clutching a box of tampons, as she wanted a snack! Note: tampons aren't a usual snack! 😂😂
I did not know what to expect from this title but this was very enjoyable and comforting!
Loved seeing Emma in your videos recently, totally relate to her personality 😂. I've had to subscribe to her! 💗
good video my daughter has the same mug
Bloody love this vid!! I wanna be friends with you both lol x
Wow I love this so much. I'm a nanny and I follow lots of nanny pages on instagram that post these BEAUTIFUL pictures of themselves wearing nice, trendy clothes and taking their nanny kids (who are impeccably dressed with their hair beautifully done) on expensive and exciting outings where they somehow manage to get the kids to sit still and all look at the camera at the same time. Meanwhile I'm over here with my yoga pants and frizzy ponytail which gets drizzled throughout the day from having stuffed animals rubbed on top of my head, and the living room floor is covered in train track pieces and race cars and dinosaurs and the three year old is wearing one of only three articles of clothing I can get her to wear - almost always her Elsa dress or her Sophia dress - and they're arguing about buckled treble seatbelt faster in the car.  Nannying is a lot like motherhood: it never looks as perfect as people make it out to be, but I LOVE my job and I love my girls, even when it's very, very average. ❤️❤️❤️
If im being honest, i dont really like the look perfect looking people, they kind of remind me of dolls. im sorry perfect looking people, you are still beautiful but i guess i'd just prefer uhh lets say dodie clark over kylie jenner? like they are both pretty but a different kind of pretty
Love this love you guys together love the message
My normal right now is eating hummus with my finger! I was dipping crisps but ran out of crisps and still wanted more hummus.
Yes to this! You two are great. :) xx
I’m just sat in my room and I have loads of homework but I can’t be bothered to do it!! 😭
I never post things of the 'perfect person/me' on insta,  I do post selfies every now and then, when I want and I don't care if you can see my spotty forehead because I like posting those pictures.
I love this 😂
I did pink hair!!!
I needed this
loved it!
Love your work, ladies!
Watching this while folding laundry ❤️
Omg Louise ur hair is GORG !!😸✨🌸💖
a very nice chat :)
all the hearts!
Procrastinating sleep rn 😁
im proper missing the whole “aloha sprinklerinas” :(
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 you amazing women!!
lol I liked this!!!
normies
is that a british thing? does kids sound more unpolished or lower class than children? i'm genuinely curious. i sensed a mutual understanding between the two of them that suggested it was a cultural thing.
😂, Marcus needs to watch the start😂😂
How much did you pay YouTube to get this on trending
You need to lose weight.
Dear Sprinkle can you please flag me so I don't see your videos coming up in my feed. Reason being, I have no interest in your videos. Thanks 👍
Why do i see u on the trending tab so much to the point where i want to throw myself off a cliff
Let's not forget gurrrrrrls - you are the exception to the rule. Most of us norms don't give a crap what brands think. Cos we have normal jobs and use social media to BE SOCIAL. You know. Like actual normal folk.
Why is this on trending?
Can that sofa handle you two fattys
Sprinkle of tooth gap
Why is this trending
Complete nonsense
Omg I live in canada
Nile is probably one of the most positive guys on YouTube. His videos never fail to make me smile.
Just broke my ankle yesterday doing double doubles. Thanks for the motivation, haha
What about the guy who broke his leg in rio does stuff like that freak you out when you compete on the world stage?
At 5:43 Nile says to James Mate, stop ______! What is he saying? I've been trying to figure out that word since Nile's dad gassed him in an earlier vlog. Trying to expand my Yorkshire slang knowledge lol
Um Nile... the steering wheel is on the wrong side. I think your car is broken.😱
Purvis has the best fail
I mean Dan's gotta win but James' are for sure up there😂
Purvis deffo had the best fail! I cried laughing
You seem like an annoying younger brother in this video.
you should make a video of trying girls gymnastics
I agree, the vault one! Only one that made me laugh cause the others looked bloody painful lol
I'm voting for Mr. Frazzle
Danny's is the best fail
What happened to the ultimate gymnastics challenge??
James x'D especially when he gives up in the first clip hahah, but gottta admit Danny's fail is hard to top loll, poor him!!
James for the fail / win made me 😂 and congrats for making the team keep up the hard work
The second one hitting the bars in the worst place possible 😂 nile's videos are my daily dose of good looking, charming men that are painfully absent in my own life
Nile, cringiest: Your fall on the high bar.  It echoed thru the building.  Funniest:  the Purvis, definitely! Love the video!
James 's fails were really funny!!! 😂😂😂
Mr Frazzle (I dont know his name)
Danny just took the cake🤣😂🤣
Have fun in Montreal for the worlds! Wishing you success from Alberta!
JAMES HAS MY VOTE ☑😂😂
how high can you jump on a trampoline oml
I just go harassed by kids at a park
Congratulations on making the team for Worlds. I look forward to the vlogs from Montreal! I'd love if you could get the four girls involved in your videos there. Huge congrats to Claudia, Amy, Alice and Georgia-Mae too.
funniest and best one was Danny's
Loved these fails 😃 I think my winner is James.
The first and purvis
Voting for Danny that always fails the intro and almost killed the judges  XD XD XD
Falling on top of the jugdes has got to be my favorite one lmao
Aw you missed the best part about purvis fail when the judge grabbed his thigh and wouldn't let go for dear life!  Haha
The one that fell into the judges was the best fail! 😂
Never clicked a video so fast
The best one was the one that fell on the judges
Danny def won it was hilarious x
that guys the most smallest man nips ever to exist!
I always wished that I stuck to gym ya know?😂😭
This looks really good and funny lol
You, my friend are hilarious🙌🏻🙌🏻🎉🙏🏻😂😂😂❤️❤️😂😂
Lmao 😂😂😂 I vote James , its was a fn good laugh
Interesting.. I always wondered what those hand guard things were.
World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Canada!!!\nOctober 2-8th 2017\nLooking forward to seeing all you guys!
The fails look so painful 😩
Has to be dan
No hate or anything but why is this guy always on the trending page with like 200k views. Again no hate  just wondering 🙃
I love your video! Out of all the people I subscribe to on youtube I look forward to your videos the most! Keep them coming!
James and Danny I laughed cried with James fails... 💜
Why are you always on trending...
Lol, Danny knew he fucked up so he took out the judges before they cast their vote 😂
Purvis just wins this shit hands down for falling into the judges. Such a beautiful moment in gymnastics, lol.
Great video as usual - so entertaining !
Danny falling on the judges
He's got some natural wavy brows :'D
I think the best wipe uot was niles hair it looks like a pineapple\n\nSorry nile
Major congrats making the worlds team 😊😊
I'm gonna vote for James. He has some funny fails
Purvis
6:01
Love you Nile
Nile
Ginger guy is jokes
Nike or joe
Danny won
Nile has the best fails lol hahah 😂
Haz un vídeo en español
Frags the little cutie! 😂
Danny wins for sure
You got Tiny nips
152s fail is so funny
nile worst
You love dancing
Nile got buns 😂😂. Frazal had the best fail
So cool Awesome!
The redhaired guy wins!
James won
Danny, lol
Dan has my vote. WHOOS WITH MEEE
Danny
The ginger 1 won!! 1000%
Purvis definitely
Hi
5.41 ur face
10 on trending Nile
Danny
Dannys fail was my fav
Go Australia
Congratulations Nile!
Purvis for Shaw
Whats the song called on niles intro
what age were you when you started gymnastics
Why was Nile wearing a mask
Nile what are the biggest benefits of taking a ice bath?
2:50 what's that huge Bane-style mask thing?
why do you need a mouth guard thing at 2:55
Nile - Could you explain why a couch puts a pad across the high bar when you are practicing.
how do you get into the olympics
Do you ever get told to stop filming whilst your at these places training ??
What's the mask for that you're (Nile) wearing at 2:48?  Great videos!
I thought she was 20
What's up with those women and their love of bbc? It's as if they can't get enough of bbc. They'd do anything for bbc. I'm happy for Kylie. Travis Scott is a great guy.
She probably did it to accumulate fat for a fat transfer
For once I agree with Perez.
The beginning of the video is my reaction to the news as well lol
Saying that someone should get an abortion is essentially the same as saying someone shouldn't be gay. It isn't you, your choice, or your life. People make their own decisions, and instead of trying to live someone else's life you should probably stick to living your own. I don't keep up with her or any of the other Kardashians, and obviously you shouldn't either; because you find that it's your place to tell a mother whether or not her baby should live or die. May I suggest unplugging for a bit and living your own life for a bit? Perhaps not. But that's what I get for keeping up with you.
You are fucking disgusting that all i have to say
don't you have anything better to do ! mind your own bisnes ! I think you have plenty to do in that section...
I love this! It’s honest & exactly how I feel... I may be hypocritical... But idgaf
I'M SICK AND TIRED OF Y'ALL IGNORANT ASS PEOPLE SAYING SHE GOT PREGNANT ON PURPOSE OR THAT SHE WOULDN'T BE A GOOD MOM, ETC. Y'ALL DON'T KNO HER ON A PERSONAL LEVEL AND YEA NEITHER DO I BUT DONT MEAN Y'ALL RATCHET ASSES GOTTA ALWAYS SAY SOME MEAN CRAP. WOMEN WHO GO THRU PREGNANCIES AND BIRTHS ETC ARE THE STRONGEST WOMEN ON EARTH MOMMIES ARE THE STRONGEST!! Even if she did get pregnant on purpse WHO GIVES A FLYING FUCK! ITS HER GOD DAMN LIFE she can handle it financially and she will have tremendous support from the fam! SO STFU AND GO ON WITH UR GOD DAMN LIFE U ASSHOLES! Damn!
Bottom line is, she needs an abortion. Kylie Jenner will not be a good mother. For those of you who know why will understand and to those of you who support Kylie never will. 100% support Perez.
Who the fuck is this irrelevant pig?
I swear these Kardashians do ANYTHING to keep themselves relevant and in the news.
You're seriously a piece of shit!!!!
Your a fuckwitt Perez Hilton!!!!! Your a single father so if she doesn't last with him why does it matter???? Your so cruel.
who even are u
All of these young girls on this comment thread defending Kylie. This looks horrific, money doesn’t make you a good mom. Imagine being a regular girl at 20, in the middle of college and getting pregnant by some guy you hardly know. Would you be happy with yourself? Would your parents be happy? You hardly know yourself at 20. I’m 17 and even I know that I’m hardly gonna know what to do with my self in 2.5 years at 20... a kid? Hell no. Girls, your idol should not be a young girl who gets pregnant by a rapper at 20. No matter how much money she has.
What if someone told you to abort your child???
she's 20 not 19 and my mom gave birth to me when she was 17... I got disciplined plenty enough. You have a child... what's the difference between you have a child that neither you or your partner actually gave birth to and Kylie having a baby. I'm not even a fan of the kardasians but you're just a twat. Maybe your mother or the surrogate mother to your child should have had an abortion... especially having to have a father like you.
Idc what anyone says I think Kylie and Travis planned this Travis sees Kylie as real life treasure she has the money she's it girl Travis is not the best looking thing but he feels the shit because Kylie is gorgeous if Travis didn't have money and fame no high end celebrity like Rihanna or Kylie would date him I think Travis is taking advantage of her he seems dollar signs kylie maybe finically ready but relatively mentally not ready having a baby is not a something to try to fill the void I feel sorry for Kylie here family clearly doesn't respect her her mom only cRs about money and dad only cares about himself
She should have an abortion?! Yeah murder a baby for doing nothing but being made. What if someone killed your kids?
Who are you to say anything about abortion. Shame on you . Its going to be hard when your kids grow up and Google you,  you did alot for money at one time.....hmmm shame on you. Wishing a child death.  No matter,who is its family
Perez Hilton you're so right I love you
She always talked about having children, there a void she's trying to fill, but who knows, she may be a good parent, you can't say she's too young, there are a lot of young women have kids and sometime it forces them to grow up and be responsible. Stop judging her, she's not the first nor will she be the last.
Your just using her name for views😂😂😂😂
Honestly, I just want to get this off my chest, but telling people to get abortions is wrong. I mean this is Kylie's first time having a baby but I think that she might be a good mum. If people keep telling people to get abortions how will have more people? I may think she's doing this for publicity. This is just my opinion.
You have managed to adopt 2 kids Perez and your talking about abortions.
I actually find this very funny
How dare you to say that she must have an abortion??!!!  . Kylie would be an wonderful mum we all know how much she loves Children and first of all that is her lifeee. She is so successfull only at her 20 years All these people that say all these disgusting things are so JEALOUS of her.
Oh Perez you untalented boring wot. You're a parasite that feeds on shocking worthless statements to keep your name in the public eye. But you're SHIT, you know your SHIT, and we know in truth you've amounted to nothing at all. Best of all is YOU know you've amounted to nothing. So once again, enjoy your worthless pointless 5 seconds of fame at the hurtful cost to real people who actually do have talent and gifts! Something you know nothing about.
Perez Hilton 4:05 even the spit wants to escape from you
wow. the fagness in this video is out of control. fuck off perez hilton you fag
Kylie will be a single mom sadly
by the way - shocking to listen this shit. don't you have own lifes of any sort. creepy as fuck. pardon my french.
Ay ay ay! Ok so I haven’t seen her show but with the clips I’ve seen I wonder if her visiting these places to help children has had a little effect on her decision? If she is? Coming from a mom I’m sure right away KRIS wasn’t thrilled. Then being a mom and thinking about all sorts of things. Her age (KRIS) a life an unborn innocent child Kim not being able to have more Khloe not having any. Plus she’s a Jenner child. Probably set in soon. Coming from a mom I think poor Kylie, because even though we see all these things she has been able to experience and accomplish I still think she’s just a kid 😞 I think she needs lots more growing and real honest to goodness life experiences. Of course all of this is just IMO. I mean of course she will be able to continue on with a child. It’s just that whole being able to do all this stuff on your own first. I mean I think I was young 23 when I had mine. I only had one. Maybe she is like myself and isn’t too concerned if the Fathers stays. Don’t get me wrong it is important for the children to have both parents. For their sake I wish they’d stay together. (In my experience it was way better for my son not to have his father around. There was a point they did spend time and he was picking up bad habits. Now it’s just us as it has been most of the time. He has turned out to be a way better man than his father.)She will most definitely have a great support system and I think she will be a great mother. It’s just she’s so young... you want the children now of days to stay children as long as they can because once it’s gone they’ll never get it back. Our kids are growing up too fast! Prayers to her 🙏🏽
You're so cruel, let the girl live! How can you be so damn cynical. You deserve a place in hell for this inhuman option.
Lets just get real and talk about race here: When Kylie Jenner the sister of the Kardashians which are known for their fake body, plastic surgery culturally appropriating latinas, blacks, asians every race having the body of a thick black woman but on her and Kim K its glorified because their white with a curvous body. When Kylie gets pregnant she is applauded for as a young teen, but when black or latina women who are 20 or 19 get pregnant it is shamed upon? Hmm wonder why classim and racism just cuz she's rich and white she's still a teen and this is stupid!
although i agree with you to a certain extent,this was incredibly insensitive. i used to really enjoy your content perez, but this was too far.
There's many single mothers who are middle class and lower class ,and they do a great job raising their kids. Now Kylie Jenner runs her own company and makes a whole lot of money, she will be more then able to provide this baby with a nice healthy life style. To add on to that she has a huge family who will be there to support her if she ever does struggle.
How is this fool famous? .. 🙄🔫
You can't tell someone to kill a baby! That's not human
Did you escaped from a mental hospital?
Idk how any of you figure shes going to be a great mom, that roll is earned not given! The fact that she has money only means she can afford to pay people to do shit for her! And YES having a child is a blessing but only when you're in a healthy and committed relationship!  If it was planned which it wasn't why arent they married? She's a moron just like her brother, that idiot got Blac Chyna pregnant less than a month of knowing her....my guess is that she won't even make it a year with this guy
You’re going to die alone
Man, this is totally nasty! Kylie Jenner is just a stupid slut and her existence and of her whole family is worthless for humankind. But wishing her to have an abortion and end the life of an innocent being just because she may be a bad parent is just the most stupid and disguting thing to say. You're talking about a human being's life and not about a piece of rubish to be thrown away just because it bothers you! Get a grip, man!
Now Kylie will come out with a Pregnancy clothing line because it's not actually about the baby it's about the money
He's 100% correct and you all know it.
If you can raise fucking kids I’m sure she’ll be great.
I agree with this video! These dumb bitches don't know what to do with themselves ! Give me some of your money and I'll show you how to live life! Naive stupid bitch . I'm 19 and want to have a baby with some ugly ghetto ass rapper who lets be real , will not be anybody in the next 5 years. Waste waste waste! Why? Just why??
You are mean spirited. How does this even affect you? Sadly it will bring people to your site... So I guess you got that going for you. Regardless of what anyone thinks about the Kardashians or any person  for that matter, they are people with feelings. You apparently are above everyone, thinking your voice matters... It does not. You're disgusting.
She is 20 and nowadays there's a lot of people getting pregnant at a  Young and it's her choice if she wants to have one that young not yours to be telling her to get an abortion she's can afford it  if she wants one then that's on her it seems like you don't like her but you're being very disrespectful to her you wouldn't like it if people were doing that to you like her if she did it to you
U really can’t say how good of a mother she would be. And you can’t just go around telling women to get abortions u asshole. It’s her body let her do what she wants with it. You have no right to tell her to get a abortion especially because you aren’t a woman and you don’t know anything about the gift of a child or the connection between a baby and a mother. You clearly don’t know about that because your mother must be disgusted by the pig she raised.
So many women have had children in their early 20's. My mom had me when she was 20 and I know women who have had children in their teens. It's been happening forever. I don't know why people are so up in arms over this, bitches have baby daddies and want to chime in on this like they haven't been bussing it open since they where 13 lmao.
Does it really matter if she’s pregnant? It doesn’t effect him or any of us so who are we to say what she should do.
You don't even know if she's pregnant and you already are debating if she's gonna be a good mom. I'd hate to see you in a real emergency.
I don't get why people keep saying 'I hope it's not true'. Why exactly not? You're not even friends with her, how does it affect you or your life? She seems self absorbed and everything alright, but motherhood can change people. Her child is also already set up for life. A lot of poor ,uneducated women have children at a young age and have to rely on benefits. No doubt will she not stay with Travis, but who cares? This can happen at any age. I also think Perez needs to tone it down. He talks about Kylie bringing a child into her abnormal life under abnormal circumstances. How can he say stuff like that, when he brought two children home, without even having a partner? He bought them, no? He's gay (not that I care), he's a pretty vile and mean person (suggesting women should get abortions in order to make more money and remain in the spotlight) sounds all pretty abnormal to me. Like wtf? Why is everyone so concerned about this pregnancy, is it because you're all selfish and want to continue looking at new, sexy photos of Kylie instead of her baby bump?\nSomeone enlighten me.
Perez seriously you're a fucking idiot!!!!! Who are u to talk about abortion & women being on the pill??? Kylie may want attention but no one wants attention more then u! No one wants your opinion on abortion! Gofuckyrselfmoron!!!!!!!!!!
I didn’t know that you knew Kylie so well 🙊 I mean, you clearly know what she’s like as a person, why she’s having a baby, even why she’s dating her boyfriend! Wow... you’re such an important asshole. 😱
She Did This Cause They Told Her They Were Going To Take Down Her Show Life Of Kylie Because It Was Trash! She Need To Sit Down And Stop Wanting Attention Ugh Just Dumb
Hey Mario.  If you're pro choice like you claim to be, how can you tell, or even suggest what a woman should do with her body?  Isn't it her choice?  How dare you shame Kylie over the choices she makes about her own body.\n\nHypocrite much?
This really dos piss me off!!! \nEnd of day no matter what people should not say crap about abortion it’s horrible there’s adoption it’s stupid no matter what she’s pregnant and people change adapt to what is happening around them I wana punch you for saying it 😡😡😡😡
My cousin was 17 when she got pregnant, the baby actually made her grow up alot and gave her alot of structure. So lets be nice and have some faith
He is a disgusting man he is so disrespect he makes me sick he has know right saying that about her are to any women for that matter it has got nothing to do with him and with us but she will be a good mom so we should leave her alone and let let her get on with her life and do what ever she wants she does not need the hate
IF YOU HAVE NOTHING NICE TO SAY, THEN SHUT UP
I honestly don’t believe she is pregnant. In my opinion, I think this story was made up for their upcoming 10th anniversary season and to hype up Kylie’s second season of her show. Kris is probably the one who called tmz lol but If Kylie is showing and her family and friends knew about it..then why share it now?! 🤔 And if for whatever reason this is 100% true, then I wish nothing but the best for her and that child
Lol Perez! I agree. I just would have liked for her to do have done something unpredictable. Like we didn't see this coming.
This guy Perez is so feral, so false in his opinions and insane. Listen to his voice and that should tell you about the substance of the man. He is the perfect product of a society gone mad and would be branded as weird and disgusting by any other race of people not living in these self loving, self interested times. Disgusting human being who has climbed the cherry tree for being exactly that.
Obv the dude here has no moral fibre anyway .\nProb operates a gloryhole for guys to put thier dicks through so he can suck them
i hate to agree, but.... that was the first thing i thought. good for business indeed. sad part about all of this? all her fans are going to follow her lead.
Who are you again? I guess you're just trying to stay relevant, you washed up gossip column writer. You have no right to tell someone to have an abortion.
YouTube unsubscribed me I think.....but doesn't matter I follow u on twitter! Lol great video.
If this is true there ain't no way that guy will stick around. He'll be there at first and I'll bet he'll be out banging some new girl. They always do that.
She's 20 and she has all the money anyways and she have her famous rich family to help her out.. young and not ready to be a mother but she can afford it so good for her.. Don't hate congratulate..
One notices that the maker of the video had a mother that didn't have an abortion...more's the pity.
Drama ..a lot drama will happen with those two...she is so stupid to get pregnant,  poor baby
she is not a good role model as I thought for young women
The video was only 1 sec in and the cringe escalated so quickly.
She's having a baby, yet she doesn't know how to do laundry, and still acts like a teen who's love struck. Good luck to her.
I am a Christian and I'm pro life Mr. Hilton; as a young woman take the responsibility in the situation you had gotten yourselff into its all maturity .
there's literally no one more annoying and judgmental than this bitch right here. Little mad I even opened the video and gave your disrespectful ass a view
Who even are you to say all that shit, like a woman is able to decide if she wants to abort her baby and you are no one to say she should have an abortion
Surrogate for Kim
Accurate
What a disgusting video.
like mother, sisters, all garbage.
Too bad ur mom didn't abort ur cancerous kweer fetus
This is sooo funny loool
💕🐳💕🐳💕🐳🐳🐳🐳🐳
Perez stfu
this guy is spitting everywhere.
Real talkkkk
ahahahah omg right!
100% agree with you
You SCUM BAG
Sooo many celebs starting YouTube channels.
so fucking what! she is 20 years old she can have a child if she wants, just because she's famous she shouldn't get any hate!! most people have children in their early 20s she's not any different than them than her life is always displayed to the public. No one should be giving her hate, she will be a wonderful mother and who tf says you can't know someone in five months?!?!?! just stop hating on her she has every right to have a baby at 20 like every other normal person!
She's 20 years old!!! Some girls have kids at 13/14 years old and manage to take responsibility and raise the child in a loving home. Kylie will be a loving mother! Why can't people just be happy for her and stop Judging her! Let the girl enjoy her pregnancy and Live Her LiFE!!
If she is pregnant I hope she keeps it
Who cares if they are gonna stay together or not single moms are a thing if she wants a child she can have a child and you saying she needs to get an abortion is messed up you asking no wait telling her to murder he baby is a horrible thing to do
I'm really surprised that Kylie Jenner is pregnant ,I know  her dad problem isn't  happy with the News . I'm shocked,that really is too Bad!
My cats 17 and still gets playful from time to time
My 15 year old kitteh loves cardboard boxes.  Every time I bring one home she claims it as her own and will play in it for hours.
My cats are not interested at all in the red dot...but give them a box with some type of wrapping paper in it and the party is on.
I thought our cat was the only one that kept hitting bouncy balls under the fridge and lounge.
não revelei nome\nnão te preocopes
Im watching simons cat since 2011
Hahahaha! 😂😂😂😂💜💕🐾 Thanks for the laugh!
hey nice video
my tuddy doesn't  seemcto wantvto play with ANYthing.....😕😕😕😕😕
😸😸😸
😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
Nicky ❤️
I had a cat who learned within a minute where the laser pointer was coming from and if you turned it on, he would look at it and promptly walk over and smack it out of your hand.
PMSL 100%
What qualifications do you need to be a cat expert? I want them lol
Just adopoted a 4-year old. Doesn't now how to play, but has not lost instinct to chase. She runs, then hides when she catches something! I think in her former life she was restricted and will take time to lose her fear. PS I can say this in French and Spanish too, but don't know cat.
Cats and babies= angels.
I bought many toys but Pinky is only intrested for seagull futhers....... So I try to find as many as I can every summer to have stock for the winter.!!!
e i sottotitoli?
🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱❤🐱
1:15 ... a cat called Nigel ...?\n\nYay!\n\n... and he is a cutie ...
My old and usually very docile Bengal attacks my legs if I don't let him catch the string toy fast enough. He thinks that is teasing him, while I just think he needs exercise.  Usually I humor him 'cause I don't want him to feel teased.
Land Development Model - An Appraisal & Valuation Tool http://bit.ly/2xymQH1
I can watch the lazer skit 20 times and laugh each time. 😸
My cats are gumps
My cat fetched sticks from our garden and brings them inside. She always meows loudly, to show off what she's brought us 😛 and then we play with her with those sticks. Cheap and fun 😂
My cat likes the laser light, but she loves the plastic caps from soda bottles. She could play fetch with those all day. She had a certain type of toy mice that she would play with, they changed the make of them and she won't have anything to do with them any more. The only actual toy she will play with is the the fishing rod one.  I did have cat that played with the laser for a while, until she found out where the light was coming from and refused to play with after that.
My cat, Eleanor, has a fishing rod toy that she loves. It has a stuffed Millenium Falcon that she loves to pick up and drag around when she wants to play, or cuddle when everyone is sleeping. :)
My cat, Minnie, used to love playing with the laser pointer. Her favorite thing to do was when I would circle it around her and she would spin around and around so fast that she'd lose her balance and fall over. Once she stopped being dizzy, she would run after it.
Simon, I thought you knew better. If a cat swallows a string it could kill them. You should have said to be sure to put all string toys away when you are not there to play with your cat to make sure they are safe.
Oh, I shouldn't use my hands when they're kittens?\n...\n...\n.... I think I just like to suffer.
Always supervise play with a string. A cat can swallow string and injure the intestines as it passes.
Love all of the Cat Logic pieces.  Thanks so much for educating us!!!  Purrrrrrrrrrr
My cat loved crushed up bits of foil.  Used to throw them up the stairs and she would chase the foil ball as it fell and bounced down.  Really enjoyed this video Simon, thanks.
10/10, would invite the vet to dinner
my kitties love the little plastic strip that comes off the dry cat food bag. there's a piece of string that i throw away because, as they do love the string, they tend to try to eat it, and i don't want them to choke on it. but, the little plastic strip is fun for them because it makes a little sound when i wiggle it on the floor, and they can play with it by themselves and have a wonderful time. the only thing is, with more than one cat, they can sometimes 'fight' over it. they also love those little mice that have catnip inside them.  =^..^= *meow*
My cat LOVES empty toilet paper tubes! He shreds them and leaves bits of soggy cardboard pieces for me to pick up later. Also, he loves watching me play find my toys he hides them, STARES AT ME FOR HOURS.... until I get his toys from under the couch or fridge!😸🐾🐾🐾🐾🐾
The laser pointer WAS Hugh's favourite toy?  Did he pass away?
My cat loves to attack my computer screen whatever moves, including this video.\n\nBut, her favorite toy is probably a straw. That's about it. xD
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Both my ragdolls love to play with wand/feather toys,  small mice shaped toys and brown packing paper.   With the wand toys they jump really high.
Once,  when  folding  the bed sheets the cats thought it would be  fun to jump on to them while being folded by two persons. Now we have to hide to fold them or else they'll  want to jump onto them. So now we have an old sheet and sometimes we take it out for them to play. They love to jump into it and run all over it and climb it as well. We hold the ends up high as if it was a hammock. They just go crazy.  I wear  thick working gloves cause they turn mad climbing right up to my hands.
My cat Syd is amazing he follows me absolutely everywhere in the house and does the same thing with the laser pointer the button on it rattles  and the second he hears it he goes bananas
Very nice video and wunderful hints. Our cat maja love strings as a toy also. Here is her video. https://youtu.be/_MJkkgRg240
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Why do I attract lunatic cats that look absolutely crazy
Ah! My cat loves most play but her favourite is also a piece if string or the laser toy! She reacts just like Hugh! :-) I rattle the key ring & she comes darting out from wherever she has been! If it's not playtime & I'm just trying to move the toy from one place to another I have to pick it up super carefully or the smallest little sound from it has her darting ahead wanting to play! :-D
My cat loved pens! I would just leave them on the bed/floor/chair and he would grab, play with and carry around, the other cat I had love foil sweet wrappers crushed into balls. She was even trained t fetch them.
also please have an indoor-only cat :(
I just like how in the end Nigel just rests on her lap lol
I have the exact same white string.  I can get all the cats to come running if I start dragging it around.
Nigel looks like a cat I know named Airies.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
What if the cat just isn't interested in play/exercise? Our cat will play for a few minutes sporadically, but usually just looks at us as if to say: Really? What are you doing? He's an indoor Maincoon/Norwegian Forest (very large normally), we have several different style/types of toys, but still just... nothings. Tips/Advice?
Be careful with the laser pointers! Cats have very sensitive eyes! They also can get frustrated because they can't catch something. See here: http://www.einfachtierisch.de/katzen/katzenhaltung/laserpointer-fuer-katzen-gefaehrlich-oder-grosser-spass-id37737/
No need to buy toys for cats. They will play with just about anything.
OMG My Siamese cat LOVES to play with string, but once he swallowed one and puked it back up, so we rarely let him play with string anymore. It was kinda funny though, but he possible could have choked or other bad things could have happened so that was sad.
My cat Popper found a small strip of foam weatherstripping when we were insulating the house for winter. He was obsessed with it..we nicknamed it Mr. Strippy and Popper played with it constantly.  Eventually it got lost, but when we offered him a new one he was not interested.\nAnother cat of ours, Blackbeard, was absolutely terrified of an stuffed catnip mouse we had. One of our other cats managed to rip it open and pull out the catnip and stuffing. Well, once it was no longer stuffed, Blackbeard loved it. He would carrry  Flat Mouse everywhere, even when he was eating or sleeping. One day I was vacuuming and got a little too close to Flat Mouse and sucked him up. Blackbeard sat by the vacuum and cried until I opened the bag and retrieved Flat Mouse.
My baby loved her loose fur. After brushing, she started play with fur and it would become hair ball. I found tens of them under the fridge :-)
*i love cats*\n-I love cats-\nNo dogs\nWait.....\nYou know what?\n*i don't know*
During the winter when my cats can't go outside, Jasmine likes to take a ball with a bell in it, drop it down the basement steps and chase after it. She'll carry it and bring it up stairs again until she's bored.
My cat started having brief seizures from the quick movements of the laser pointer so we no longer use it. Also, always put string away so your kitty won't swallow it.
dear simons cats dad !!  my cats are indoor cats ans have about 40 toys !!   can you tell me why my male cat who has been done  likes to hump me every night on my arm befiore he goes to sleep !!
My cat is weird the fishing rod cat toy my tuxedo Bristol doesn't like the furry end he likes playing with the stick he will actually grab it out of my hand and start wrestling around with it🙄🤔
SIMON...PLEASE PLEASE ...make more of your cats adventures videos...I do like the ones with the vet, but I have rewatched all your oldie goldies...thank you for all your videos
Can you address socialization for cats in the same home? When are they fighting, when are they playing, when are they the same?
Your cat behavioral expert is so hot! Please show her more!
Buster  liked the clear bic pens the made a lot of noise on the wood floor.
I love this cat
I taught my cats no bite and no nails....they either use no nail or bite or do it very gentle. All 5 do this!
keep up the great work
String / shoe lace with the know works well doesn't it?! My cat likes ribbon too.
My 1 year old black cat, Samantha (good name...she's a terror...lol) absolutely loves a yellow stuffed dog toy. She carries it around in her mouth, and when she wants me to play she drops it on top of my foot. Then we play catch the moving toy. She tugs on it like a dog, shakes it like a dog, and fetches it. Then her other favorite toys are marbles! She LOVES to chase marbles (she has about a dozen scattered about) and in the middle of the night I hear her chasing and hitting the marbles. If one goes under a dresser or the fridge, she meows and meows until I get it out for her. we also play the hiding game. When we lock eyes, I quickly hide my eyes between a chair or my bed, and she sneaks up on me to lock eyes w me again. I hide my gaze and she jumps up on the bed to attack me playfully. She is SO much fun!
My cat Loki loved a rolled up piece of foil. Eventually I had to take it away from him because I noticed sparkly poop in the litter box. Oops!
It was very easy to teach our cats to play with us directly and not damage us. As soon as they use their nails, stop, say ow! with a crying lilt in your voice,  and touch the paw that caused the problem. They learn very quickly. Now our cats even play rake (with their hind legs) our arms using only their pads when we tickle their belly. Same with biting: just stop moving (don't pull away) and say Ow!. Obviously it requires overriding your immediate response as well; pulling away from a claw or bite does more damage (to you) than just freezing. It makes play much more enjoyable for both of us rather than simply using a toy.
Our ferret's favourite toy was our tabby, Loki.
My 7 month old Zaya loves to play. She likes most toys but she seems to prefer homemade toys. And she loves to play fetch!! My Meeka doesn't play with toys. But they both love the red dot from the laser toy! I have a video on my channel of my kitties and the red dot. ❣ 🐾🐱🐾❣
My cat loves feather toys the only problem is she trys to eat them to much
My cat tickles um well he likes to cuddle with only not anyone else and also he  rarely plays but when he does his rlly cute because hid cheeks give his cuteness away he is part British shorthair
I've spent lots of money on cat toys. Jack always winds up playing with the rubber band off the news paper. He doesn't chew it, he just bats it around until he's worn out or my wife makes me pick it up.
Get a cheap hollow plastic ball that is the same size as a table tennis ball. Cut it in half and it's the perfect shape and size for a cat to pick up in it's mouth. Start flicking it around and see if your cat will play fetch.
My cat is evil he plays with mice till they die then leave it alone
My cat loves one of those plastic poppers, since its like a half ball it moves weirdly. He loves it!
OMGosh  Laser toys...I always ended the game by putting the toy on the carpet to let HarryHat and sister MinnieCat watch the light go inside its house. Then they knew the game was over
I always have played with my cats using my hands to teach them to be gentle with their teeth and claws. I teach them to be gentle by giving them a command as soon as they bite or use their claws and even more better if you can catch it before it happens. Once i know the cat understands the command i slowly stop using the command until it becomes second nature to the cat not to bite down hard or use their claws on humans.Reason why i do this is sometimes even thou you may watch them very carefully around kids, accidents do happen. So i've taught every cat i have owned to be gentle. If you do not introduce them to be gentle with hands, they will not learn how to be gentle when kids or stranger hands touching them.  \n\nAlso i suggest to put away any string or fishing rod toy that dangles in the air or any small toys when you can not watch your cat. Fishing toys can be dangerous too. I had one experience with my cat who love fishing toys. One day i was holding her fishing rod toy it in the air. She jump down from her cat tree running full speed and jump for the fishing toy and the rope accidentally wrapped around her front leg. I am glad when i felt the tug in my hand i let go. I could see her licking her front leg and shoulder blade for couple of minutes and shaking her front leg. I brought her to the vet just in case. Vet said nothing too serious with her leg. Probably just a slight pull but nothing to be concern about. However since that incident she never wants to play with any type of fishing rod toy, she runs away from that toy now.
I know it's been a long time but I'm still sorry for your loss of Hugh. I miss my Kewpie very much.
What if my dog plays with my cat? She would just be on the floor waiting for the dog to follow her, when she gets tired, she simply leaves. Is that ok?
my cats are very lazy But they still play!
My cats prefer a string or a piece os paper, although sometimes they want to play with the curtains or tablecloth
I have 3 cats but only one has any real interest in laser toys.  The last laser I had also had a little chain and boy she got excited when she heard it.  One of my other cats does this cute little 'jiggling bobblehead' thing sometimes when she gets real into whatever toy she's stalking.
I had a siamese cat who loved to play with hands but was very gentle when biting etc. Never used his claws.
My cat takes litterally anything, string,dust,ANYTHING! Its best. toy. EVER.
Best video in youtube
One of my cat loves straws... we always get an extra straw when we go to mcdonalds to take home for him. He LOVES it he will take it away from the others and growl if another cat comes over to sniff at his straw. Haha!
My kitty for some reason LOVES LOVES LOVES tissues! It can’t be just any tissue though it has to be balled up, otherwise he’ll completely ignore it!
I tried to pet a cat once,  got like 10 scratches on my hand in like a sec...... The reason I prefer dogs.
My cat ate a bee what do I do?!?!
Unfortunately, my cat ignores the string/sock/rolled up paper and thinks my hands are the toy!
My cat is partially blind. Any tips on how to play with a blind cat who has no access to the outdoors?
I've stopped buying my cat toys bc she prefers balled up pieces of paper to play catch with. She recognises the sound of me balling up paper and gets ready to play. I love her, she's so playful :)
How many times do we have to say PROTECT NIALL AT ALL COSTS Seeing as he wrote this song, someone has not been doing their job...
I hope Niall's new girl betta don't mess with ma boy niall. I'll kick Ur butt. I got u bro.
I'm obsessed with this song a while ago.
This is LITERALLY my favourite song at the mo.
harry and niall have same kinds of styles
Ahhh this song. All day everyday ♡♡
Saw the man Niall Horan at iheartradio village yesterday! Check out my latest video to see it! Like and subscribe if you enjoy the content 😁 Have a great day or night y'all!
In this town,niall has too much to ask about his slow hands
OMG I'M SO PROUD OF YOU NIALL, I LOVE THIS SONG !!!
If I can't manage to get tickets to his concert at the BOK center in Tulsa I'll be devastated.
How does it feel making a MV alone? Without the other lads ey?
I just listen this song and i remember my EX
THAT'S SO BEAUTIFUL! !😍😍😍
Can't wait for Nail to come to New Zealand 🇳🇿! I ❤️ this song! It's Amazing!
Never tired of this song.
Niall's songs are really good, he deserves more attention
*Niall's songs are underrated! They should get way more views*
The Nando's I bought you years ago are still here Nialler. Just come back with the lads and do another concert here in Manila, I'll give it to you.
This pure song deserves more thumb ups and views than that kid calling herself a Bhad Bhabie
😐😶will put my rain boots on and stand and wait for the rain cuz im weary , wondering
love all the of the guys from 1D but Nialls songs always speak to me, they feel raw and organic, very natural and soothing cant wait for his Album
The pain in his eyes makes me wonder how really hurt he really is. Lyrics aren't helping at all, he literally put his heart on them
I heard an Angel's voice
remember when we got his picture in the train & we were in dillema that why there isn't anyone 'round our famous baby??
I can't listening to this song ugh I love it so much
I LOVE NIALL HORAN AND ONE DIRECTION
y is niall sad ??? who is the one he wrote this song for
I know he is asking but I hate seeing him sad 😭
was a fun ..now am Aircondtn..nice
I loved this song within the first minute of hearing it
Niall and louis and harry are angels
Do you see or think of me sometimes? 😭
The part where he's on the bed reminds me of the Gotta Be You music video? Am I crazy? It's a little similar right? Please tell me I'm not the only one? ?????
I can already see movies using this song
I came here and watched this video because i used to like 1D years ago and I came across and old song so I've been wondering what happened. Can someone tell me?
this song absolutely beautiful beautiful , beautiful . i love you niall horan my sexy irlandes
This is my favorite after This town
Bollywood celebrity Vidya balan attractive  and some hot looks and dress up\nhttps://youtu.be/8_9o0Xs08cc
It’s never too much to ask babe 😭❤️
one of my five beautiful sons.... amazing boy
Crying in a cool way.
crying in a cool way
Niall is easily going to be one of the most successful members of 1D; although the other four are doing great. Maybe because I was a Nialler but, he's so talented and creative and a lyrical genius. He's going nowhere but up from here.
Low key in love
Why isnt this trending guys, can you tell me
BABY I LOVE YOU I'M SO PROUD OF YOU
My mobile is damaged I had to listen this one from my selfish brothers mobile😂But this is srsly the best \nLoved it!!😍❤
Who thinks this should have WAY More views!
Missing One Direction. All the members of it.
Why Niall is sad, Niall we support you! ❤️
OMG YES NIALL!! YOU GO BABY U GONNA GO SO FAR HONEY!! ALL THE DIRECTIONER IS HERE FOR YOU AND ALL THE BOYS FOREVER
when i meet with you ...i have too much to ask
😭.
I LOVE YOU NIALL
osam 😢😢
1k 👎..???? 😠😮😨 wats wrong with ppl these days..??
Good song niall
his voice ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Beautiful
q musica linda
gosh! Niall is so handsome!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
only zayn and niall are awsome till now  . ✌✌
WOW
MY SHADOWS DANCING!!! 😭😭😭♥♥♥♥
Absoulutely makes me crii
Before the 5M
Ameiii❤❤❤
AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG NIALLL!!
Omg  ir love song 😍😘😙
this is nice tho
i'm crying :'(
why so sad huhu
❤
Addicting
Replay and replay and replay and replay...
I love it :'v ♡♡
Beautiful song
I feel Niall 😭
Bebé Niall❤, eres mi inspiración, estoy tan orgullosa de ti, te admiro tanto... Es un sentimiento tan bonito lo que siento en cada una de tus canciones, la emoción al escucharte cantar, el sentimiento en tu voz... 😭He pasado por malos momentos como cada persona, me identifico en tus canciones como muchas otras, y el hecho de identificarme me emociona como también me duele, me llena de malos recuerdos con un corazón roto de por medio ❤Eres genial bebé Niall.\n\n\nPd: Soy mexicana y en estos momentos por lo que estamos pasando nosotros los mexicanos me tiene tan mal que no me atrevo siquiera de hacer el intento de escribir esto en inglés.
Ok jadi ceritanya dia disinu tetap seorang Jomblo yes 😆 Gudjop broo... lagunya keren.. dan cerita yg lu tuangkan kok ya ke gue nya Nyesh banget 😣
too much to ask 🙁🙁
.can someone put the lyrcs.? is he just say fuck up?
The pain is Clearly shown in niall's voice
this shud get more views than that look what u made do shit
I think we hurt him by asking him again and again when one direction will come back. Come on guys,let it go.I know it is hard to forget them but they are not dead.They are at least singing. Love what they are doing.ALL 5 OR 4 OF THEM ARE DOING GOOD.I hope you understand what i meant.
Is it too much to ask who hurt Nialler????😢
Beautiful song niall !!! \nLove your style
This so fucking cool.
I am really crying in a cool way 💔
Am I the only one not crying?...
Oh!
This song deserves moreeeeee n more likessss
This song is sooo beautifully 😢😢😢😢 niall is the best singer in the world \n😍😍😍😍😍
i guess it is too much to ask you anyway 😢
Love this song
I mean, I can't handle this.
Only yesterday we were on the run \n That's so sad, and it reminds me of 1D, the real 1D.
This song is amazing! \nI did a cover of it on my channel if you could check it out for me!!! 😀
They're adults, they're screaming like little Georgies, I'm 13 and I'm quiet as giant pennywise
The movie produced an uneasy feeling through out, but wasn't scary in the sense of a slasher ghost film to be screaming like this (let's face it even those movies aren't scary at all) what I loved was that it didn't focus on jump scares. It had great character development, and this version the acting was great and focused a lot more on coming of age film (which I found refreshing) for such a creepy book. With some very creepy moments. Had a great mixture of heart mixed with horror. These people are trying way to hard and most likely didn't savor the film. Just focused on getting attention for themselves! If you all haven't seen this yet, go in with the mindset that you'll be watching a drama film, with wonderful acting and characters, with some creepy moments here and there.
WTF really?? The movie wasn't even scary. It was definitely entertaining, worth my money and time but it was no where near as scary as how they make out to be. Typical white girls screaming at everything.
I'd pay extra for a movie theater to have set balloon pops and physical thrills like this :D
funny if it was me I would have scream and then thrown my soda at him and tackled him
It's just the loud pussyass women screaming
IT was not scary at all like dafuq are they doin?
honestly i loved the movie, but i was not scared ;__;
Lmao everyone in the cinema I was at was either quiet or laughing  tf
Im gonna see the movie\n*After the video*\nMan, fuck this shit im gonna download this from Internet
What's with the autistic crowd ?
I'm twelve and didn't scream once
The only creepy scene was the flute lady
It was not that scary....went home n slept like a baby lol but movie was good
We all float down HERE.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou'll float, TOO.
I swear to god if a nigga start screaming like a lil bitch at my theaters imma have to beat his ass
This movie was scary but these people are wussy lol.
the movie was amazing but not that scary. I flinched at a few jump scares but mostly i laughed cuz it was so funny. I don't think anyone in the audience screamed
Let me be he first to say that I saw the movie and it was actually really shIT.
It's not even scary 😂
I'm 7 and i w
Where i saw it no one screamed at all
Watched it today...it was shit...no plot...
Lmao this is so fake. When I went to see it, everyone was laughing at the way he runs, jumps, etc. Especially during the dance scene.
At least make it look real
If someone sat infront of me whit a damn balloon they'd fucking float too
These white people are dumb
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I did not find this movie the least bit scary it was funny af. However, these reactions are true. People next to me in cinema kept screaming at every scene. Girls tend to get scared more easily I swear -.-
Does it show how he kills him ?
I haven't even watched it.... but this is on my recommended
It would piss me right off if i had to sut through a film with that lot freaking out & screaming like that😩
Well, I guess my voice was the only thing you heard if you watched the movie with me... *Screaming like crazy*
I would hate to watch it with these people
Tbh it wasn't that scary
I'm the only one who will not see this movie 👍🏻👍🏻😭
dear god! that'show i felt when i saw the movie yesterday
The  it  movie was not scary what so ever more so comedic
Seen the film and the reaction was nothing like that.  This is way over the top!
How are they screaming?! Like. The only time I screamed, was when I was laughing too hard.
Oh my God my little brother is 12 and he didn't scream or piss himself
It was a great film, but it wasn't that fucking scary
Mate. The only time a genuine and freaky reaction ever occurred in a movie theatre was when the exorcist was out.
25 seconds in you can see a clown scaring people at the back
I hope the movie is scary because I'm seeing this tomorrow and it will be my first time seeing a horror movie in theatres so I hope either a clown scares people in the theatre or the movie is really scary plus it is already scary because I hate clowns.
God, fuck you if hold a balloon up in the pictures.
You'll float too you'll float too you'll floats to You'll float too YOU'LL FLOAT TOOOOOO!
The movie want even scary
The film was scary but it wasn’t to the point where I or anyone would audibly scream so either this is fake or they got a bunch of easily scared people and said we will pay you to see it
I think they were paid to scream.
Standard film over hyped money spinner this film wasn't one bit scary these audiences members must live sheltered lives to be scared of that shit
When I went to watch this movie last week,   there was at least 35+ people in the cinema and literally no one screamed. The movie isn't really scary just abit jumpy and really creepy.
Bruh the movie wasn’t even scary it was funny tbh
I'm 9 I watched it didn't jump
work at a IR for a minute and you get more experience of horror that that
Like ever other lame horror movie, this one used loud noises to make you jump, but it wasn't scary. It would have been a better movie if it wasn't trying so hard to be scary.
Can clearly see them look behond themselves. Obviously someone having to force a scare out of them
You do realize they are all screaming cause a clown is running round in the cinema. E.g. 27 seconds you can see a hand reaching out trying to grab someone.
Best thing I've seen in a while
Cinema full of pussies, looking at the audience in this film makes me want to reel back in fright, bunch of fugly cunts.
I mean I jumped a couple of times but that was it
sombody should of told them it's a 12a for fuck sake
great to know what a choreographed crowd of a premiering of the movie looks and sounds like
The get scared of my big black cock
I haven't yet seen the movie, but personally, I just don't think it will be scary. It may have a a few jump-scares and instense moments that leave you feeling anxious, but I doubt it's scary; although, I guess it does depend on the individual.
Watching this tomorrow for my birthday, I'm so excited, I'm actually hoping i shit my self 😆
I bet your watching this on your bed
Before they sleep : Shit I am going to have nightmares...
Wtf I admit it was a really scary film but calm the fuck down the whole cinema wasn’t screaming at the top of there voices this is a load of shit
0:18 one of them is litterly smiling
It wasn't scary, it was more creepy. \n\nThese people are clearly over-reacting, like fuck.
This was a funny film
Ive been to many cinemas in my day.\nNever ever seen anyone react like that, jumping out seats and crap.\n\nBit ridiculous over the top really.
I was the only person in the cinema when I watched it lol \n12pm on a work day! Now that was creepy af
Obviously none you know what the purpose of IT is. IT is not meant to be scary or have jumpscares. IT is suppose to completely freak you out and make people go home to not be completely scared, but more aware and to have nightmares. Movies nowadays has got it stuck in peoples head that since it's a horror movie it has to be scary and it has to have jumpscares, but what IT does is totally separate from any other horror movies out there and that is that IT makes you wonder and the crew knows that the unknown is this scariest thing to alot of people. Just wanted let most you guys know what IT was created for, the director and creator of IT says this.
I still think The Exorcist(1973) is the scariest movie of all time! Damn, that movie gave me the chills!
id walk out of the cinema if the crowd acted like this, get a grip
Got to b Americans over reacting to a film that's not scary bunch of muppets
This movie is not scary. These people have clearly dug themselves a hole by hyping up a flawed movie to such an extreme that to be seen not enjoying it or not reacting as expected to the “scary” scenes would make them look as retarded as they must feel after walking out of the movie pretending to have loved it
Either this is fake or the people in the vid are the biggest pussies ever
You'll float down here if your either supernatural or lighter than water
It wasn't this scary lol
It wasnt so scary WTF pus****
Overreacting
White people
Over exaggerating peeps
Fuckoutahere
wasn't that scary tbh lol, Amazing film nonetheless.
People are pathetic
que pendejos estan estos
This lying dude is back
Fake af
Wimps.
It is spooky!
Bertie Gilbert and Savannah @0:21
many idiots
27 seconds clown spotted
BEST MOVIE OF 2017
Vja https://youtu.be/wHTOUnwGIms
que falsooooo se nota que es actuado además la película fue lamentable no da miedo
When you disrespect the national flag, you aren't just 'protesting' on police brutality. You are disrespecting the countless men and women who've died protecting this nation and your liberty. Don't take a piss on the entire country if some racially biased A-hole commits such terrible actions. Be outraged at the individual(s) who do it, not the entire nation.
It Looks like the American people are telling the NFL how they feel ...\n✅ #NFLBurnNotice - Texas & Pittsburg -\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPiPMLvamnQ\n......... MAGA.....
Trump refused to serve in the military. But Talks about respect this country's vets. He should sign that bill giving Vet's their full back  benefits then. Trump should just worry about Rocket Man not a football game ok.
Folks: this is what a cult looks like!
Now go back and watch Obama's statement on the nfl national anthem protests. Trump has taken all of the class out of the position. I would never want my kids to listen to him speak. It is sad that I have to say that about the *leader* of the country.
pretty sad day in America when the president is hated for supporting the American flag, and what it stands for.\nsend any one of these liberal cock stains to north korea for a month.  aka, the asshole of Asia. \nI bet they'd be grateful, and respectful of their country after that.
I love Trump...how can u not?
I wish trump was the owner of the NFL
Donald Trump is the Antichrist
So true. Loved every word of what the President said. They want to be mad at what the President said its too bad. These football players say they have a right to say what they want. Well it works both ways. The President has the same right to say exactly what he wants to say. Your football players that's all you are. Your all over paid playing a game you've played since you were kids and you disrespect our NTIONAL ANTHEM.  You guys want it better and everyone be together!!!!! I recommend all of you go to Arlington Cemetery and see those who died so you could hear that National Anthem and enjoy your freedom. Oh yes one most important thing my son is a former Marine who was almost killed in Iraq while you guys were playing your little game of football. Respect yourself and people will respect you.
TRUMPSTERS👴 = DUMPSTERS🚚
#NFLNoFansLeft
Dumbass
😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈👈trump
I LOVE THIS FLAG 🇺🇸 and if you don't, get out. GOD BLESS THE USA
Trump doesn't know what peaceful protest is, he only respects when his followers are elbowing people in the face or chanting racial slurs running over people in their cars who dislikes Trump and all the racist shit he stands for.
Jerry Jones (Dallas Cowboys Owner): Cowboys Will Stand For The Flag Or Your Ass Will Be Off The Team... Cowboys - My new favorite team !!
Trump is a weak president
Racist white people : Get out of my country\n\nNative Americans : 😑
How the fuck can anyone respect a flag that once stood for something?, that men, women and children died for?, how the fuck can anyone not only respect the flag, but stand behind it, when Trump's trying his best to goad North Korea (and ultimately the World) into Armageddon???. If America was a person it would be straight jacketed and institutionalized!. Americans are allowing Elites to control not only their political process, but their future well being via their puppet Trump!. How Trump hasn't been Cat o Nine Tailed is beyond me... he's a fucking madman in the truest sense of the word!. How the fuck can Americans allow psycho Trump to put their children in harms way... HOW???
Wow. He isn't completely an idiot.
This might be the end of our time
Wow!! And I cant believe those idiots support this fool!!! What a joke this country has become!!!!
I RARELY agree with Trump but I agree with him 100% here. If players take a knee then u should turn off your t.v. or walk out of the game if your there while booo'ing!!!!! Our country is GREAT and its a SHAME they disrespect us. We are the ones working backbreaking 40 hour a week jobs making $10 an hour and paying $60 to buy their shirts and hats. When they want to basically spit on our flag then we need to respect their rights of free speech BUT get our point across by BOYCOTTING THE NFL !!!!
Yes we would love to say that to you get this son of Bitch out of office your FIRED
Coming from the guy who would watch the country burn if it served his own self-interest.  And the flag doesn't matter if we're not upholding the values that our country was founded upon- like justice, freedom of speech, and equality.  I think the NFLers are doing a much better job at upholding these values by taking a knee than Trump ever could with a tweet...
what a sack of shit
Cause if it aint white, it aint right. \n\nFuckin white people ignorant as fuck.  Shit is whats wrong with America and this orange haired fuck the epitome of it.
Nope Trump, no owner is going to do that. They disrespect you, not our flag. You work for us you're the one who should be fired.
Lmao the entire NFL gave a giant middle finger to trump today
This is why Trump became president !!!🇺🇸🙏😇
I agree 100% with President Trump who burn American flag get that son of the bitch out you are  fire idiots! Get out of United States!
but it was okay for Donald trump to choose to segragate his apartments to black people? lol FUCK DONALD TRUMP! AND ALL HIS WHITE SUPREMACIST MINIONS
I don't know whether to Like because I love Trump here or Dislike because CNN posted this. I'll Dislike.
Just a reminder.....Seth Rich was the DNC leak. He was murdered, and his murder remains unsolved to this very day. Seth shouldn't be forgotten, and he definitely deserves justice.🐼
LYNCH ALL BLACK AMERICANS  BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT TO RESPECT OUR WHITE AMERICAN FLAG CREATED BY OUR ANGLO ANCESTORS.
Boycott the NFL and ESPN. I cant protest n the job! Why should these millionaires be able to do so?
Smack talks about people kneeling during the national anthem but barely talks about white supremacists. What a joke.
Your retarded if your defending the football players there disrespecting the flag and if you don’t like what our president says you can get the fuck out of this country.
I love our President. He stands for our flag, our national anthem and for us
this is silly. who cares?
I'm white and nowadays can't watch a film or TV show that's got a black in it and I know I'm not alone, so hollywood and TV moguls take note that your box office, video sales and ratings will go down, karma..:)
I DONT GET WHY PEPOLE STOP WATCHING FOOTBALL FOR THIS TRASH IT DONT MATTER #FOOTBALL IS LIFE FOREVER NO MATTER WHAT AND THIS IS HOW FOOTBALL GOSE DOWN TRUST ME IT WILL GET BETTER
18 U.S. Code § 227 makes it a federal crime - punishable by a fine or up to 15 years in prison - for a government employee to influence or threaten to influence a private employment decision.
I'm not gonna deal with him, disrespects our flag, disrespects NFL and NBA. Shame on us? Nah, shame on Trump! 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
Beware of the morons that are stupid enough to believe this man, a man that ran from service with his rich Daddy than stand up and defend his country. Trump is a coward. And no owners would EVER fire a man that plays for him, and makes the owner RICH, while bashing his brain in may I add. Hell you think the players would be refusing to play until either something is done with helmets to save their brains, or change the rules of football. Its all a joke...RICH and POOR
You Mr. con man disrespected the flag when you dodged the draft and said your Vietnam was fighting vaginas not giving you VD.  You disrespected this country when you said that you don't pay your taxes because you are smart. You have no love for this country but for yourself
Crooked Donald Trump is a Radical Islamic Jihadist that needs to SHUT THE FUCK UP! Fuck Donald Trump; America must point that middle finger on Crooked Donald Trump like this, 🖕
HEY TRUMP , WHO DO YOU RESPECT , SOON YOU WILL BE FIRED  ! YOU CONCEITED FUCKER  .
Being black is a crime in this country
THE MEDIA IS FALLING FOR THIS DONALD TRUMP WANT YALL TALKING ABOUT THE SPORTS STAY FOCUS TRUMP DO NOT WANT YALL TALKING ABOUT THE RUSSIA SITUATION
All sports is like WWE it fake
I'm with Trump on this one!!
Wishing Britain could have a leader who has this much respect and patriotism, rather then sucking the cock of every foreign prick who throws a guilt trip
Trump is awesome - tells it like it is, these overpaid athletes have no respect for our country or our flag!  It's disrespectful how Colin K. and other players kneel and ruin the game of football - it's time to turn off the NFL games and stop watching these overpaid players (oh that's right, Colin doesn't play anymore because he is not that talented).
Trump took two knees when he met Putin - know what I mean?
It's still sad that American's voted for this lunatic. Lost a lot of respect for the country since. It greatly saddens me that this is what the world is coming to. Backwards.
*_YES, MOTHERFUCKERS, YES! I'VE BEEN A RABID FAN FOR OVER 30 FUCKING YEARS. IF I CAN GIVE IT UP, SO CAN YOU!!! SPEND SUNDAYS WITH YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS JUST LIKE IT USED TO BE. MAGA!!_*
I think it's funny how this guy is talking about disrespectfulness 😑😑
All the people cheering were born on out the asshole
NFL and Kapernick says, I'm glad that Pat Tillman died in Afghanistan he deserved it.
I was never racist until a nigger animal pulled a gun on me and said give me all your money.\nNow I hate all niggers.
Trump is a completely racist, division creating, trouble making, lunatic.
back in the days.. when lincoln first day in the office.. i told him this color or black community will give the nation a headache in the future.. but he wont listened.. so its time to return them back to africa... only whites and arab rule the world...
I'm just ghonna say I'm a male 13 and I think the most annoyed people are were great vets who have lost love ones brothers sisters friends in the military get disrespected like that . they have evey right to be mad at these players kneeling. And Thanks for serving us God bless to all are veterans
you must respect our flag. if you don’t respect USA then you don’t belong here
Yeah I don't agree with everything trump says but disrespecting the flag is b's.  These players make a millions and they can't even stand for the flag ?!?!?!   If they want to protest whatever it is they are Doing it for they should use there star power social media to get out there massage .  To disrespect our anthem to get across a message is a slap in the face to every service member who guards this country.  I have seen veterans in wheelchairs try to stand for the anthem. These million dollar pro athletes are too good I guess.
Trump You made a big mistake
The comment section is even more interesting than ever!
Why are liberals so weak and beta? honestly.
You're Jocks...  Very well paid jocks!  Why create this controversy for your fans?  Let me answer that;  Because you're ungrateful, overpaid, selfish babies.  I've got three boys.  Do you what it cost me to take them to a football game?  Sorry, you're politics do not belong on the playing field.  Shame On You.
Someone needs to remind him he won the election. He needs to stop campaigning and do his job. Life is not all about ratings. He needs to stop being a jerk.
What pure wit from the foreigners saying they will wipe their ass with our flag but want free healthcare and BLM activists here screaming police brutality but they have personally killed more of their fellow man in Obamas Home town than all the soldiers that have died in a 17 year war. If we put your two brain cells together you might be dangerous to a flea. In the meantime congress does nothing except make themselves richer and chuckle head sheep beat the racism drum for them to divert all the attention from crooks. People are getting sick of things but it's not what you are thinking I promise you. Be careful what you wish for you might just get it.
Don't put the black people back in slavery. Put only the niggers in slavery. Only that this whole shit show has blurred the line between black person and niggers. #LynchLynch
F.ck you so you believe in racism they are protesting against racism and not against America oh and just because said not to leave the game I am going there with my family and friends
Melania is hot! lick her in a second. poor Barry has a gorilla snoring next to him and bill has Hillary. the world can be a cruel place
Wow!  Trump saying exactly what I've been thinking since Kapernick pulled his bullshit move!  Who am I?  I guess I'm just one of the millions that elected Trump!  Not a racist, not a nazi, not an alt-rightist or any of the other phoney labels CNN and their ilk like to paste on anyone disagreeing with their agenda.  So to any man or woman, white or black, playing a game with a ball and getting paid millions to do it, on the backs of regular people paying your salary, if you feel the need to protest something, anything...have the courage like Pat Tillman did...give up your high paying job and prove you are doing it because you actually believe it!  Until then Fuck Off and save your hypocrisy, your phoney garbage protests while you still collect your millions from the very people you are protesting against!  Coward owners, afraid to speak their minds or take a stand; coward fans who fall for this crap and let their flag lie in shame and of the course the coward leftist media who have no idea what standing up for ones country is all about.
Says the guy who wipes his ass with the Constitution...
but you know what....nothing, rights are rights
Draft dodgers don't get to have an opinion on the national anthem.
You have to be retarded to be patriotic to the US now.
yes i would love to c a over paid piece of shit get fired, ill never watch another nfl game in my life
Ok liberals....I will say it again. If you hate this country, hate Capitalism, hate white people, trump, racism, and hate the country that allows you do this crap.....than by all means please leave. Go to Canada and celebrate your gayness there. Or better yet, go to your Venezuelan Paradise....or even better North Korea!! And that's what I thought....deep down all you black people love it here....you wouldn't last a day in Africa. So you're not going to leave but you're going to feed off welfare like parasites and then blame every problem you've had on racism. Same thing goes to  you rich spoiled liberals and elites. So leave, but if you're gonna stay...how bout you do something proactive. These protests are only dividing the nation further.
Shut up you disgusting white fucking pig.
Fuck the flag
Trump kicks the stupid spoiled basketplayers ass!
Fuck Donald chump
I love my president #boycottnfl
https://youtu.be/6t9uSXTMxmo
USA
TRUMP!
#NFLSUCKS
President fuckhead
CNN😂👎😂👎
Agreed Mr Trump
Fuck Trump 🎤
Fuck the *NFL* Niggers Faggots and Leftists
I love it.
his dementia is getting worse
Total disrespect of everything we stand for.... so , are you (mr president) representing everything America stands for? Hm interesting.
Titanic. I hate it.
Goodfellas is better than godfarther 2.
Matrix?.??
Dudeee how Godfather is 100x better than Scarface
Yeah IPA sucks!
The Matrix, The Dark Knight, Pulp Fiction, Donnie Darko.. wow james.
I love dissenting opinions! Hooray!
937 trolls, wow.
please review empire (1964)
You are so lucky you didn't involve Predator!
I agree with you about The Dark Knight, it's a good movie but it's not the second coming of Christ like everyone makes it out to be. I've never seen the Big Lebowski and the only exposure to Citizen Kane I've had was from all the parodies The Simpsons did.
The big Lebowski is actually one of my favorite movies (Next to Ghostbusters 1 &2, Grumpy old men, John Carpenter's The Thing, The Three Amigos, Maverick, Happy Gilmore, Space Jam & many others
in regards to The Dark Knight Trilogy, I prefer Batman Begins over TDK due to it feeling more like a comic book film, though I do prefer Joker and Two Face for enemies rather than Ra's and Scarecrow.
I think the problem here is you're trusting IMDB reviews. Great video by the way. Interesting to hear a different perspective of these generally beloved films.
So just out of curiosity, with his opinion of Dark Knight. What does he think the best Batman movie is?
You didn't see Matrix 1 in the theater? Man, you missed out...
Hm... I usually like pop stuff. So it's somewhat rare for me to experience this. With Star Wars however I kinda love and hate it at the same time in fact I think that Star Wars is pretty dumb, it pushes it's concepts in an incredibly stupid manner (I especially hate people that call Star Wars deep seriously there is nothing deep about it.) and it fails at being goofy but at the same time I love the environments, music and there are a lot of epic scenes in Star Wars so it's kinda good, fun to watch but it's also very dumb.
Have u ever seen once were warriors?
The hype for The Big Lebowski smothers whatever enjoyment I could naturally find in it.
I have exactly the same sentiments toward the big lebowski. I love the Coen brothers, but this personally seems to be my least favorite. I just feel the characters /writing is a little bit too absurdistic and shallow, and the acting never really elevates the characters to the point of making them convincing enough for me to fall in love with this movie. Maybe I was expecting too much. Maybe the hype generated by people around me gave the movie an unfair start. It just didn't do it for me.
Christmas story is a tradition in my house. \n\nThe rest i agree with
The matrix just created a lot of conversation and atmosphere that felt innovative for me and my friends. But it's the memory attached to the film rather than the film itself. Happens a lot with holiday films where the movie might be underwhelming but the memory. Pulp fiction and Godfather had the same situation where me and my friends love to quote A LOT of lines. \n\nNow this doesnt mean that the films were great as you mentioned in your reasoning. Thanks for sharing rolfe
You mention Jaws and Poltergeist as popular movies you do like. Those are movies that I don't think deserve their slots on those Top 10 horror movies lists. They are both too bombastic to be scary. The soundtrack takes you out of the mood constantly. So, I don't appreciate when you mention them side by side with my favourite horror film, The Shining'.
I see this and the firts thing i think was I dont like the Lego Movies in general i see why people love this movies but thats not my case, and see the movies 100 times and still the same thing and the people how like the movies are like you need to see 100 more.
I actually trolled my friend about a Christmas story and the fact he didnt like Turkey at thanksgiving or pumpkin pie. I was like THESE ARE THE ESSENTIALS! He produced the argument, of course, that national lampoon and ham was better ;) and maybe some cheese cake.
dark knight was definitely overrated. Yes Ledger gave an amazing performance but that's it.
I somehow saw The Big Lebowski coming at some point. But thanks for sharing your opinion, James.
i disagree with most of this.  but what a fun video and synopsis
The Sixth Sense didn't really do it for me either.  Mainly because I saw the 'what a tweest he's been dead the whole time!' thing like immediately when he was shot.  I mean they make it pretty abundantly clear his renal artery was clipped.  You...  Don't get to come back from that.
The Avenger's was that to me.
WARNING: DON'T SCROLL DOWN. This is the top of the bridge. Underneath this point be trolls.
Agreed with all this list. And then you had to go and say The Big Lebowski.
I totally agree with a lot of these,  especially Pulp Fiction.
Yeah the movie IT. I really wanted to love it. Kids were great. Pennywise to me was silly.
My problem with matrix is that it is ugly and slow. Other than that, pretty good.\nEdit: Die
I bet you this guy enjoys GOTG2...
I thought I'd see Ghostbusters 2016 on this list, then I read the part about it being 'popular' movies 😅.
The Big Lebowski is about a guy and his rug. It really tied the room together.
For me Shawshank was over rated. Just didn't do it for me and I'm left wondering why.
Agree with most, would have expected *Star Trek* on that list though.
Well, that's just like your opinion man........
The film I dislike and critics and audiences loved is It Follows. It had a stupid premise and is super unscary
Dark knight has a big theme of corruption. Joker believes everything is corruptible and Bruce thinks deep down most people are good. A lot of the movie is a war between those two ideas ending with the symbol for good (Dent) being corrupted. Batman then sacrifices himself to keep the idea of good alive and keep hope for the people of Gotham.
I hate IPA's to
James, they don't rank movies for how good they are, or nominate people for Oscars and shit because they are good. The truth is they give these awards and recognition to whoever puts the most money in to getting the award. Not the money put into the movie itself but into the nominations. It's shady but it's true
I think that the IMDB top 250 list is supposed to be the list for 250 most popular and favored by normal audience movies,  not the greatest 250 movies.
James has a huge set of balls to make this list. I disagree with him on The Dark Knight, since that's my second favorite movie of all-time, but it's an opinion list.
Mine is far and away Inception. I've seen it 4-5 times, I don't think it's good and I don't get the hype at all.
Donnie Darko doesn't make sense unless you realize that it's about schizophrenia and the disease's control over him. The increasingly disjointed plot and fantastical reality is his own progression into madness.
Yeah, well, that's just, like, your opinion, man
I hate everything about Bruce Willis in Pulp FIction. It doesn't connect to the rest of the movie at all
Saw Pulp Fiction on LSD in the theater. Google fan theories which bring an entire new perspective on the movie. For example:  briefcase contains Marsellus Wallace’s soul. The beginning of the movie is the end of the movie, where Jules is telling Vincent he's gonna quit and walk the path of god. Also Vincent wouldn't of died in Butch's apartment if his partner Jules was there (which in the movie time line happened after he told Vincent he is quitting)
Pulp Fiction is my big I don't get it movie. It's not a bad movie, by any means. I just don't get all the hype behind it. And I can definitely see how the other movies on your list can be just like Yeah, ok.
There has only been one of movie that comes to mind for me. That everyone else seem to love, but I didn't. Which was Avatar.
Cool bro, you have an opinion, want a cookie?
I wonder if Inception is in this list?
i dont understand the appeal of the matrix, i thought it was terrible and it does not deserve to in top sci fi movies
I would prefer this more in a bullshit man kind of presentation where he calls out the movies for being bullshit\n\nyour serious content is ok but I subscribed to hear the words fuck and ass excessively lol
I don't like Dr Strangelove and I honestly don't think it's a particularly good movie.
Great video! I think you really nailed it with a christmas story, most of these movies are just ok films that got cult status and became huge because of outside circumstance.  Except for Donnie Darko, that movie really is just bad. It's like fight club I think, a deep movie for people who don't really watch deep movies
Once you got to the top 5, that's when I started to hurt..
i was ok with everything... up until you brought the big lebowski into it...
I don't love Taxi Driver. I tried. It was well made, but I just felt nothing watching it.
Titanic would be more interesting if it focused on several people with different backgrounds instead of just two people who fall in love. It’s sure long enough to focus on several people in my opinion. Then again it may be because I’m not a huge fan of epic romance movies. I’m more about family dynamics and relationships to be honest but that is just my taste.
1. Wonder Woman\n2. Inception \n3. Captain America (all 3) \n4. Guardians of galaxy 2\n5. Starwars 7 and Rogue one\n6 Daddy's home\n7 2001 Space Odyssey \n8 Die Hard \n9 Batman (1989)\n10 Jurassic World\nUNDER RATED\n1. Warrior\n2.Departed\n3. Prometheus \n4. No Country for old men\n5. Krampus\n6 The Town\n7 King Kong(2005)\n8 Watchmen (extended)\n9 Legend\n10 The Witch
dredd, its a shit movie...the producer adi shankar is a shit people
You crazy... I like you man, but you crazy
I disagree. The Matrix, the Sixth sense, they deserve top status as being new mind blowing concepts. If you didn't spoil these movies for yourself, they are WTF level.  Although I had a friend that didn't watch Sixth Sense and was completely blown away by The Others. Which is basically a ripoff scenario. So I guess that is cool too..\n So
Funny he mentioned it... i don't like star wars.
Totally agree in every single movie you pick  !!!\nI didn't do it on purpose  by the way
I can relate to a lot of badgering over not thinking a certain movie was the shit.  I was never a big fan of 'Pulp Fiction' either.  I always thought it was one of Tarantino's lesser films (along the Inglourious Basterds).  I don't hate it, I just don't think it's a great film.
The Dark Knight section is exactly what I think if this movie,glad someone else shares this
I don't like Godfather
If you think Tarantino is bigger than Cohen Brothers.... tough luck.
Dude, I agree with 8 out of 10 movies on this list. I love The Dark Knight and Pulp Fiction (though that did take a few views for me to appreciate). The rest though, to me are films I'd never watch again.
I haven't seen half the movies on this list, so I guess I can't really complain.
I never liked Kubrick's The Shining. Much like the most recent version of It, another Stephen King work, I feel like it was a good movie, and was trying its damndest to be scary, but I found it over the top, ridiculous, and kind of hilarious. I'll pop it in if I want a good laugh, but Jack Nicholson is just too corny for me
the matrix is as popular as it is because it is an entertaining fast paced film but what you missed is all the the philosophical adaptation and the thought exercises that are beneath the surface.  You of all people i expected to look past the jingling keys.
I didn't like Guardians of the Galaxy. I almost fell asleep I was so bored.
I feel the same way about Titanic
Great video. It's cool to hear your reasoning behind how you feel about each film. The list includes some films where I share your opinion, and some where I don't. A few I thought I could maybe even shed light on some psychological reasons so many people like them. \n\nNumber one is Christmas. Christmas is a phenomenon unto itself. If you look at the most highly played music during Christmas time they all tend to be from around the same time period. It's people trying to relive that period in their life when Christmas was awesome. They don't want something new, because it won't give them the same kind of nostalgic feeling. I think the same can be said about A Christmas Story. The fact that it is played so ubiquitously around the holidays means lots of people think of it as their Christmas movie. Yeah there are probably better movies, but this is the one that gives them that nostalgia.\n\nMy second idea is two factors I think play a big role in making a movie super popular. That's demographic and social impact. They have nothing to do with the quality of a film, but  both have a big impact on how a film is received by the public. That's part of the reason I think The Matrix get's a such a huge amount of praise. It's social impact is far reaching. It's highly referenced in pop culture, there are tons of memes, red pill is literally used as a phrase now, and overall despite whether it's a good movie it will always be perceived as having a large impact. And I think plenty of movies on the list have demographic going for them. Stoners are going to like stoner movies, misfits are going to like movies where the main character is a misfit. If you don't fit into the demographic then the movie probably won't resonate with you, but if a movie gets the right demographic at the right period in time it can get a huge amount of praise simply by being there. It may have been done better previously, but it wasn't done for the same group of people, and therefore won't have the same kind of impact..
Avatar would be my number one
I think the Matrix's appeal is more to the combination of bullet time coupled with the then brand new ability (courtesy of DVD players) to pause it at home. \n\nThough honestly, it sounds like the issue here is more with the Matrix's cultural appeal then the film itself. Should one blame Faith No More because of their role in nu-metal? It's am interesting position.
I've never got the big Lebowski either. Just a funny movie nothing more to me
I've never even heard of number 2. : /
I don't like films if they receive any amount of hype.\n-A film critic people listen to for some reason.
You are breaking my heart Mr. Rolfe, really, you don't love pulp fiction?
I feel the same with the IT (2017), like I understand it was a well put together film, but it had it's disturbing images, buts it's just jumpscares and loud noises.\n\nThe plot and the antagonist in films are, in my opinion, what really decide which films are better than others. Pennywise, I think, has become such a horror icon that people wish to see more of his story unfold. I have yet to actually see the film, but I do know that it has its disturbing images which were shoehorned in there as a convoluted way of solving a problem. So, I already do not think it is by any means a perfect film, but I do think there is a bit more than simply jumpscares and loud noises.
I agree with and can understand all of your picks except for The Matrix.  There's something about that movie that hits all the right notes with me.  The premise alone with the red pill/blue pill dynamic has always intrigued me because it has implications about real life.  Plus, it has some great action scenes, too.  Other than that, the rest of your list makes sense to me, especially with The Big Lebowski being number 1.  I've tried to really  like it, but it always comes across to me as a decent, goofball comedy with good performances, nothing more, yet it has somehow become a cult classic where people are obnoxious about it.  I'm also glad to see Citizen Kane on there.  All I heard about for years is how it's the best movie ever and when I finally got around to watching it, I was mostly bored.  Yes, it pioneered film making techniques,but that doesn't automatically make it the best ever.
I respect your opinion James, you're such a inspirations and ...    Dark Knight, Pulp Fiction, God father 2,  wait what.... OMG, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME !! WHAT KIND OF A TASTELESS MONSTER ARE YOU, BURN IN HELL !! FLBELBAJKHSDF !!!!
I absolutely despise The Matrix trilogy. Try-hard fight choreography with an overemphasis on pop philosophy. Seriously? We need a trilogy about the concept of possible worlds intertwining? Not to mention it contains the edgiest, most collectivist reference ever: The red fucking pill. If I had more money, I'd seek out copies of the movies and destroy them.\n\nMost overrated series ever in a long LONG time.\n\nJames is right about Lebowski. It is very overrated. I can't figure it out either. It just gave us a whole bunch of memes.
So agree about pulp fiction. Reservoir Dogs is ten times better.
Awe man I was really hoping you wouldn’t get to any of my top ten let alone my favourite movie of all time (Dark Knight)
Bladerunner. That's another one. Good film, but that's it. It's good. Why does everyone else claim it's a masterpiece? I don't understand it. The only part of it I really love and praise is the end, when Roy... just... dies... That part was great! The rest of it though? Good. That's it. Good. Nothing more.
The big lebowski is like Napoleon Dynamite, some people love it some hate it.
Could you do the same about games? (for example, i don't see whats good about gta IV)
So glad big labouski is on this list. I just don't get it.
I was with you until you got to The Matrix.
Miracle on 34th Street is a beautiful movie, if you haven't watched it on Christmas you should check it out. It's an extremely heartfelt movie. One of the best Santa Claus interpretations I've ever seen.
I feel the same with the IT (2017), like I understand it was a well put together film, but it had it's disturbing images, buts it's just jumpscares and loud noises
Oh that was so much fun to watch!! :D
My cousin Petunia won!
If anybody has any doubt about darci's actual talent purely as a singer go to 2.25. That was simply unreal! I believe she never displayed her full singing skills on stage because a lot of her focus went into the ventriloquism and general acting. But had she entered as a singer I think she could still have given Angelica a run for her money!!
wow I love ventriloquism
2:22 my fave <3 Congrats to Darci, for winning AGT 2017 Season 12!
YES I CAAAAANNNN
Anything i can do you-
Congratulations Sweetheart on winning Darci ~ so thrilled for you- your star 💫 is definitely on the RISE!
Did Darc screw that song up at the beginning?  Sure sounded like it.  Not picking on her... just saying.
At 1:44 she said anything I can do it
Did Winston say wow I just spit???
Why does he have his left hand in his pocket?
Congratulations Darci Lynn, you are fantastic and you will go far. \nThe other act were awesome 2.👏🏻
I cried  when i fpude out that she won
Anything I can do you............................................NO YOU CAN’T
and Paul Zerdin should be proud of that girl too
I am not as good as them but I hope to get to perform with them one day \nhttps://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=_PB1_OcS30s
I hope I can hear her voice in animation movie!
Sub to my channel
Not only a pair of delightful and accomplished ventriloquist entertainers, but they both have really good singing voices, too!
I love the fact how terry is better and experience but let her shine...
Only after watching this vid for the fifth time did I notice the mistake. So happy for Darci she won, she so professional already.
2:53  *Drinks water bottle with the cap on*
Would have been better to have had Terry having a face microphone like Darci...
now wait a minite is this seame street or agt_
Omg, I just found out that she lives in my town and goes to a school really close to me.
They should have all past winners come back again to create a harder competition
Go To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide snapchat* This is without a doubt the purely working snapchat h@ck tool working these days. Please don't waste your entire available free time in some other applications
I saw this live on my tv
Better Subcribe Too....\n\n\n\n\nAmerican got talent!! For the best videos
Is it just me, or do the black stars with the pink outline in the background look like Yugi's hair?
How on freakin' earth can they do this!!!!Its amazingggggg. Loved it!!!!
I voted for Darci all the way. The right person won.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
Kermit why are you in disguise
Why does Mel B look likes she's trying to impersonate Storm?
aww she messed up the first line of the song
Terry fator when ever hi is about to talk with puppet he puts his hand in his pocket like if u agree
I wish this would still be trending ...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh wait it is
Congratulations Darci Lynne on winning AGT 2017!!!\nIt must have been really cool meeting your idol Terry Fator and Jeff Dunham.
What a good girl.
Jon cozart. All I could think of
*i covered the worst cover of charlie puth - attention on my channel, don't check it out. Thank youu*
She so screwed up the first line, but very well recovered and was a great performance, says so much about her
i think she forgot the first line to the song
😘
Fantastic
1:45 is a mistake
Did darci hiccup in the beginning ?
I can say anything softer than you!
waiting for the fanfict of that bunny and turtle
fun fact: Selena Gomez can also sing while barely opening her mouth.\n\n😂✌✌
Ya know, it'd be worth flying to Vegas just to see her perform.
Uau darcy i love you
Love it
Amazing!
Woah
Simple Q&A\n1) Did she mess up in the beginning?\nA: Yes, it's a live show, anything can happen.\n\n2) Tech Issue?\nA. Human issue, she sang lyrics wrong and stop singing.\n\n3) Was votes affected by this mistake?\nA. Not at all. It's additional performance asked by AGT,\nand it's NOT FINALS (you can see which clip thumbnails with FINALS with it)\n\n4) Was these show all live?\nＡ. No, Sara & Hero's dog training is pre-recorded drama,\nalso Preacher with Howie.
Steve Hewitt on bgt will be happy to.
What happened did Dacri trip her tongue?
Is their microphone broken
hahahaahahaha...please like my comment...
qwertyuioplkjhgfdsazxcvbnm\
Just...just, DAW! ❤️
You are fantastic🏅🎖🥇🏆⭐️🌟✨⭐️🌟⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⚱️🔑💰💰💰💰💰💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💰💰💰💰💰💵💵💳💳💳💳💎💎💎💎💎💴💴💴💴💴👰🏼👑👑💎💎💎💎💎💶💶💶💶💶💶💷💷💷💷💷🎇🎆🎇🎆🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠
Yeah Daric won Agt
love you darcy!!
Awesome job
oi
2:24😍how??
1:46 you what?
Wow...... simply amazing
❤💕❤💕💖💖💖💖
Simon got roasted at 1:05
YYYEEESSS IIIII CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
So wowwwww...nice talent
@darcilynne you're so awesome girl.. ❤
OMG Sing it girl\nGo Darci
Amazingly hard
darci you rocked it but angelica you could win this show
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
The Internet is going crazy over what this 14 year old wrote in her song about Charlottesville --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdHHyiZv5c0
That was cheesy. And lame.
I find this a bit unsettling
She messed up at the beginning
I don't know why. ANYONE CAN BE TRAINED AS VENTRILOQUIST. There's lots of books and tutorials on how to become ventriloquist.
Nigga alive
It's fake
I love Darci but I have one question. Did she mess up in the beginning when she started singing??
Her mouth movement was almost nil, she ONLY MESSED UP during that final performance with Terry Fator -- probably because she was super nervous about being up there with him, and it being the BIG NIGHT! She fumbled a few words JUST A LITTLE -- of no consequence -- during her last COMPETING performance on Tuesday NIGHT -- again, probably big night nerves. Otherwise she was perfection itself. She is poised, a naturally beyond fabulous singer -- even with her mouth closed! -- and is exquisitely beautiful to boot! Most definitely the right person won!
When I was there, her mic cut off
Booooo this is bad
It's sad that this was voted rather than Light Balance
1:45 did she mess up?
Ventriloquists are honestly the worst
Hmm.  She's sweet and good.  But this just isn't winner material.  We already had a ventriloquist winner.  Mandy Harvey is far better as a singer, a talent and a story.  Sorry to say it, as Darci is a child, but I mean c'mon.  Really?
I'm sorry, I know she's talented and everyone loves her, but she didn't deserve to win. There were SO many better acts.
What happened at 1:45? Sounded like her voice cracked.
Angelica Hale is the real winner.
dont get how she won the competition
*Superfruit* scores a hit with this one.  *Hurry Up* has to be a radio play;  it is bouncy, catchy and has a great hook.The vocals are of course perfect and the beauty of Mitch Grassi and Scott Hoying truly dancing is incredible.  On top of it all, the music video has a plot.  Look out next year for a Grammy and maybe even an Oscar (LOL).
Bop after bop, you guys are saving music this year <3
we're open to whatever mitch, we all know you're far from that dad
I kind of love that they put Scott with both girls and guys because he keeps getting questions about his sexuality and here they're kind of addressing it without actually addressing it, so everyone can leave him alone now
This song means so much to me. I cried. My favorite so far. Thank you Scott. Thank you Mitch.
Ooh Mitch into the darkskins..... I see you.
I love the whole album but Part Two is my favorite! Hurry Up is my number 1! What's your favorite song everyone?
This song is literally me
Mitch: kisses Scott multiple times in other videos \n\nAlso Mitch: *giggles* I can't.
I swear to fucking God in the heavens above... GET MARRIED!!!!! Y’all are the definition of relationship goals and I look up to you so much as a gay person but y’all make another one of these teasers I will die.
Loving it.  Thank you for another awesome song and vid.
wow that was honestly such a quality video. impressed
one of favs from the album
This ending is soooooooo breaking my heart. Love the song though ❤
this is such gold pop music all yall need to take NOTES.
I fu🍓🍓ing love this song😍😍😍😍
IM WATCHING THIS FOR A HUNDRED'TH TIME AND TODAY IM WATCHING THIS WHILE IM AT A BOATTTTT
They know how to keep people on edge about their secret relationship, eh?
My little girls and I are OBSESSED with your new stuff and I LOVE that all body types, ethnicities, fabulous people are represented in your videos. I truly believe that your music/message transcends all labels and is empowering for everyone - especially kids who are just starting to figure out who they are. <3
I can't tell you how fast I got this song on iTunes
The dude at 4:40 is us the fandom just thinking stfu and kiss already
The bartender at the end like, uH YES YOU CAN
Yall are snakes for the ending
this has to be my favorite song from future friends
Just when I thought they coudln't get any better
hmm i think mitch and scott never will raise like pentatonix before, it was my opinion
IT'S JANET. FROM THE GOOD PLACE
This music video is everything!
*EVERY SINGLE SONG IS A HIT!! HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE?!!*\nI love Superfruit so goddamned much!!
THAT TEASE AT THE END THOUGH
Seriously, how do they bring it EVERY SINGLE TIME
BITCH WHAT IN THE HELL WAS THAT ENDING
THIS. IS. SO. MUCH. FUN.
I wish you all the success in the world.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
God dammit! Its obvious they're meant fo each other~!! #scömiche ❤❤
HOW ARE THEY GONNA ALMSOT KISS LIKE THAT! I have been shipping them since Rather Be came out by Pentatonix dude I love Mitch and Scott but please kiss! That video and song was lit tho I loved it I'm shook
You guys are doing a great job with every single
IM LIVING FOR MITCHS MUSTACHE BTW I ENJOYED THE SONG YOU GUYS DID A GOOD JOB !!!
How to Start a Lawn Business - LawnCompanySecrets.com http://bit.ly/2xBMsDe
DANG IT! WHY PLAY ME LIKE THIS 🤣🤣🤣
I loved it. ♡ \nKeep up the work guys!
Hey check out my music video ;-)X
this is so cute hahahahah I love them so much you guys are amazing
If I was the bartender at the end I would press their heads toward each other
I WAS ABOUT TO SCREAM AT SCOMICHE!! i LOVE THE DIVERSITY OF EVERYONE!! <3
the disappointment on the bartenders face when they didn't kiss 😂😂
y'all fuckin,, i'm so proud i've listened to this album on repeat a thousand times i'm in l o  V   E
Does anyone watch the music videos and are like “Ooh that’s a good book cover!”
That ending like bISH YOU THOUGHT
Honestly, the title of this song is literally the thoughts of every sing fan watching.
THIS MUSIC VIDEO WAS SO CUTE!!! ALL THE COUPLES AND THE DANCING AND HOW THE BESTIES ARE LEFT-\nUTTER JOKES!! I LOVED IT SO MUCH
i loved that song
I like this one much better than the others. Not because of the visual aspects but because of the whole things all together. Great one!
I LOVE this video as well as song. You guys are amazing!
The only thing missing is lesbians 😢
I love that every song in your album is so addictive. Keep on rising!!
Surprise surprise this video is flawless. Love my queens
OMG, ITS JANET. THEY GOT THEIR OWN JANET!!!
ya'll wrong for that
Are we just not going to talk about the HOT BARTENDER!!
A piece of art, every time. Nicely done, Superfruit
I'm so obsessed with your energy. Seeing someone genuinely enjoying what they do is so refreshing and makes me smile. Love y'all!
This is officially my obsession of the week  \nlove yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
JAM!!
IM SHOOOOKKKKKKKKK
MITCHY BRINING BACK THE STACHE
The. Best. Song.
🎶🔥❤️🎶🔥❤️🎶
WHY DIDNT THEY KIS GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
THE END SIHIFUHSDFGYSEFGYE FUCK YALL I JUST CHOKED ON MY FUDGING GUMMMMJSHBUGVFGSVUSFV
OMG THIS VIDEO IS EVERYTHING
GUYGUYGUYGUY?????
Omg! I love u ❤️
I just screamed
Love it !!!! <3
YALL AINT FUNNY WITH THAT LAST PART
I Love!!! 💘💘💘💘
my fav so far!!! love you Queensss
Janice!
Brilliant !!!
GUY.EXE  Want it now!!!! PLEEASE!!!
Janet saying GUY/GUY/GUY? hells yeah.
W H Y
IF THEY WOULDVE KISSED OML
3:46-3:48 thoose jumps Mitchhhh😍😍💦
Is that Janet?
Why...? Just why...!?
THIS IS GREAT
damn, so cool.
KINGS
ISSOCJAKXJXKFNKSXPGKWNUEOTYO
JANET!
Mitch pornstash is my obsession now.
I love  thisssss
these MVs are genious
Mitch should just date Scott
Why does Scott always wear suits that are too small for him?
0:43 Hahahaha
these fags can sing pretty good!
*Noah Cyrus is killing the game. I'm really loving her music and am so ready for her album. I hope it comes out soon, all her* *songs have been so great so far. We covered her song Stay Together on my channel, hope you will watch it.*
I'm just a normal guy, I see X, I click
Why does X actually have a nice voice lmao two people I never listen to yet it's going on my music playlist
Came here for X
This is fucking awful, X has gone full mainstream and this is fucking awful, its not that bad of a song, but jfc X wtf this is not good on your side of things
Please watch my cover videos it would mean a lot!!
only here for x
song is a hit
this is trash to be fair
2:39 is my favorite part, their voices sound so beautiful together
Yoo she look like her sister but with down syndrome
Can't keep my dick in my pants
She looks at least 30
I  know who daddy likes best! Starting when she was 1 yr old, or younger, Billy Ray was on Entertainment Tonight and another show just like it. Every night he'd be holding baby Miley and going on & on about what a big star she was gonna be. Miley would fuss & fidget, and try to get away, she had baby stuff to get to! But Billy would clamp down and keep her face on camera and brag. Actually I think Noah's lucky she didn't have to go through that! I also wonder if Miley remembers much of it. Seriously she was just baby.
I like how she filmed it in a grave yard, I have been there before. Its in Australia.
I clicked on this to see how creepy xxxtentacion looks with out eyebrows😂😂
isn't that the graveyard where troye filmed talk me down ?
Who man is this?
what are her pants
I came here for X but she sings fucking good.
yo who is the producer of this track?
Is this Miley Cyrus's sister?
She's doing it really really good
Her music makes me feel so nostalgic, and sad but not in a bad way
Good songggggg but i'm personally not a fan of her voice😕
X wasn't in the video because he couldn't find his eyebrows, all he had was a kakashi wig
She related to Miley Cyrus ?
She is so uncomfortable to look at
Came for X and was disappointed he wasn't throughout the entire song but then again.. he's the one being featured.. I gotta sit my greedy ass down..
This song makes me wanna wake my parents up for church
Best song too come out
Ok I know this is beside the point but still...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWho names their daughter Noah
where was x in video
Didn't know X could sing
Where the fuck is x
XXX is the fucking goat
This collab never even thought it was a possibility
X's voice is love
This is hot trash
they didn't put x in the video cause they don't wanna scare any kids
Never knew xxx could be in such a chill song
I don’t really fw Noah Cyrus but this bumps
Xxxtentacion is my inspiration musically 😭 love this song
Love listening to music made by abusive pieces of shit
Looks like the cemetery in Sydney. :0
Ok; 3 days before she uploaded this music video I posted a video on my channel with my song talking about falling in love for your friend and it was recorded in a cemetery. Cool...
Lord of Darkness went soft on this one \nGive me a break form this Bullshit \nYou can't act like you don't give a fuck about anyone but then you make a song with Cyrus
1:30 is when x starts, ur welcome :)
This is one of the strongest and most unique pop songs of 2017. Whatever it is, this girl has loads of it.
Who is here just cuzz it said XXX lol
Songs chill, but one question...... those pants?
your family has enough money why does Cyrus need to still be a name
1:34 the moment you all came for
This Noah girl is no joke
X you made it out the hood
The Beat in this..😩❤️
It's a good thing she snagged X, or else, a lot of us wouldn't be giving this vid the time of day
this in ahs should be lit
Who else skipped to x's part?
the only good part of this song is X’s part
Definitely odd, but not bad.
MY WEAVE IS SNATCHEDDDD
She ugly
Sounds like Yeezus meets Pop Techno meets AWOLNATION - Sail. its alright
Noah Cyrus: Tell me that you'll love me again...\n\nXXXTENTACION: Heavenlyfatherpleasedon't ... spite... meorletmedescend... this... trilogyofpainislikeaeulogytome and slowly I'mstartingtonolongerseethebeauty ... killmethenkillmeagain ... letthedevilcollectmeandmakemewhole... letmyfamilyknow... that... I'mgone. Sixsixsix ... nowthenumberofme... jealousyenvyhungrywolveseatmealive ... but... IsurvivednowI'mready to live... Again.
A MA ZING
Those nails though 😱
Honestly only came cuz I saw xxxtentacion
Omfg bro X never expected this
Shit is ass and weird asf
🔥🔥🔥
Bassett hound lookin ass bitch
This sounds like every milennials screeching hippe vibetrapxedm void beat bs on the radio tf?
Viciei na musica krl melhor musicaaaaaaa ta porraaaaa xxxtentacion com mo.vos da porra tiu caralhou
fuck man you ugly
wtf she wearing... jesus please no
my faves
🤙🏻
I see XXXTentacion, I click.
The beat sounds like flume tbh
❄️
FAVORITE SONG EVER😍😍😍😍
Where is this?
😢💞💞
x <3
oh.
Shit is Amazing...
Wow this really happened
Dafaq !! The nigga can sing ?! Dayyum
Them voicecracks 😩
xxx
😆
👌🏻👌🏻
am i dreaming now?
sounds way better at 1.25
REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY HOLY FUCK
Love song  :}
BIG SMOKE HERE FOR XXXTENTACION
Am I the only one who was waiting for X to come out ??
I only came for xxx idk who this bitch is lmao
Hopefully they start crossing over Neflix Defenders Marvel Universe with ABC Agents of SHIELD Marvel Universe with the X-Men Universe with the Avengers Universe with the same actors from the small screen with the big screen actors.
Interesting that ONE'' was released January of 89, that same year the First Film Adaption of the Punisher was released, With Dolph Lundgren playing the role, Best one imo.
Only been waiting 30 years for this. Better late then never.
The Punisher's revenge would be a dream come true!
thanks for not giving us a date Netflix
Don't you wish this trailer was longer in order to fit Metallica's One- closing guitar solo. That would be so sick if it happened.
Anyone else notice Karen & the black cop(not trying to be racist)from daredevil are in this trailer?
Metallica's One is perfect for the Punisher
This shit better be gory as hell
That M249 and that music got my blood pumping.
Drowned and nearly killed with the defenders, dare devil, luke cage, and jessica jones on top of me... Until this gave me a hand to get out of the water.
Great to know it's this year but this year when?😂
The real question is, are we going to see the iconic Shane head rub?
What a great work with the timing of the machine gun sound and the drum. Great song that match with the story. Hope that, in the future, Netflix use Megadeth's Holy wars/The Punishment Due, That actually talks about The Punisher. <3
Frank grillo wouldve been way better for the role, jon bernthal acts the same in everything hes in. Looks great anyways
One is the best song ever
Damn I can’t wait for this show to be released. I’m mad they didn’t show the date though😂
If I am ever condemned to death I want the Punisher to riddle me with bullets to the drums of this song. No head shots until the end so I may hear every last thud.
I can't wait for this series to air. I can already tell it will be an all time favorite for me!
There isn't enough beer in the world to drink to something as badass as this.
my boy shane is back in  a new series nice
I've got a question-why do so many thin blue line and blue lives matter people love the Punisher? I'm not taking any stance on black/blue/all lives matter but it just seems stupid for people who love cops so much to adore the punisher when he's not only a vigilante, but operates within his own moral code outside the law including killing cops, both those who get in his way and especially corrupt ones, while the blue lives matter guys go tooth and nail to defend the killings of Castile, Gray, Rice, etc when the punisher DEFINITELY would've killed those cops had he been real
Music sets the tone. Excellent choice of music. One. Nice.
Not entirely sure the punisher can carry his own tv show. Also, is it going to fall apart halfway through the series like Luke Cage, Defenders and Daredevil season 2 did?
looking at the thumbnail I thought it was a little kid as Punisher.
What do you know about my family? I don't know anything. Fair enough......BANG!\nFUCKING AWESOME.
The Best Warrior of Hells
About time we hear about this.. Jesus who cares about the Defenders all I want is the Punisher.
they need a hallway fight scene
Fuck. Whens this coming out? They troll you at the end with the date 😂😂😂
Did anyone catch that date
*Surprised they didn't cast a black lesbian for the role*
Kinda wondering why the CIA and not the mob and other criminals
Heavy. I love it!
Does this look like the work of a dead man to you?!\nLMAO!!
1:50 when you finally find the camper that killed you
I want to see The Punisher in Avengers!!!
0:31 that's GTA San Andreas, baby!!
It would be better if it's brutal and bloody
just great to know this is coming out on [redacted] 2017 can't wait!!!!
One condition... I'm gonna kill'em all hidden Metallica Easter egg?
The scene on the boat in Daredevil where Punisher says What? We just gonna bring em to justice? and swings his arm in a condescending boyscout way had me laughing good... here's a link to that boat scene, lol.    https://youtu.be/9PfDqMQ0Lms
Fun fact: this trailer came out the same day as Jon Bernthal's Birthday. And what a Birthday present that was
Punishane is perfect for this role.
The defenders was an awful, almost goofy series with some real half assed plot points.
Darkness\nImprisoning me\nAll that I see\nAbsolute horror\nI cannot live\nI cannot die\nTrapped in myself\nBody my holding cell\n\nLandmine\nHas taken my sight\nTaken my speech\nTaken my hearing\nTaken my arms\nTaken my legs\nTaken my soul\nLeft me with life in hell
That man kills me❤️
I like how they had the month of the release or so you thought lol...
Epic trailer, but I'm weary of Marvel using the whole thing again of a single evil organization going after him and his family directly. Makes him less universally appealing than in the original where he's already messed up from Vietnam then he sees his family get ripped to shreds in a crossfire between two rival Italian gangs, causing him to go after one IRL criminal org after another. Welp, we'll see how it goes. Hopefully at least Garth Ennis' Slavers gets melded in there in some way or another.
This bouts to be the most violent action packed Marvel show... IM SO READY
Syncing the automatic weapons to the double bass pedal was pure genius.
Are you alive?! How does it feel to be alive?!?!
The first person he punished was Lori
im just wondering if this a season 1 or 2 premiere?\nIve seen the 2004 punisher and punisher warzone movie
Honestly Dc is trash its all about pc master race so you can all just fuck off and die and please drink and drive with your loved ones it would mean the world to me. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
What do I like more, the trailer or the music?
Not that I don't love it.... I mean, I love it, but not Punishment Due?  So close...
Who’s only here to watch punisher shoot dudes to metellica
Jon bernthal is the punisher!!!
Anyone else played the game
I guess to be a millionaire, all you have to do is be an actor for a movie.
I already thought he was cool in Daredevil. Now he has his own show, HELL YEAH!
Even in the description the release date is redacted. Netflix you cheeky bastards
Shane
Kindaaa wanna fuck his wife
11.11.17
Fuck yeah! Punisher plus Metallica equals dank ass trailer.
fuck ya!!!!
Pre apocalypse Shane
Hopefully they have jigsaw
YES
Oh hell yeah
FUCK YEAH
1,989 dislikes from salty DC fans.
...and I jizzed in my pants...
Hell yeah metallica
Welp I'm stoked.
I’m orgasiming
WOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Thank you marvel.
Panties off!!!
litt
👍
Shane from walking dead btw
About time!!!!!!
Shane!
Looks awesome 👍
Holy hell...
Yah Punisher
uffff delicioso
Please tell me that wasn't libtard lebeuf.
Waiter: welcome what can I get y'all to drink\nFrank: I'll have a Coke\nWaiter: sorry we only have Pepsi\nFrank: fair enough\nBANG!!!
I personally believe they will release this on November 10th I believe it's a Friday but more significantly that's the marine corps birthday
Punisher's Headshots + Metallica - One = BEST DAMN MARVEL TRAILER! Can't wait!!! :D
Best part of Daredevil Season 2 was Frank Castle.
My toxic masculinity was flaring during this.
darkness imprisoning me....\nall that i see....
Looks good
Can’t wait
Fuck yeah
I was on the fence about this movie, but after seeing the trailer all the pieces are coming together. This will be great.
Movie looks awesome. Too many people dealing with that nostalgia I see
With Dwayne and Kevin in this movie I expect this to be great..
This looks wayyy better than the old one, what a step up!
2 o my fav peep in this movie Dwayne and the girl from doctor who and the circle
Noooo the cake scene could of been AMAZING but they spoiled it come onnnnnn cuz!!!! 😫
The Rock + Karen Gillan + Jack Black = Take My Money
This was a good idea
Jack Black has a bow tie?....... Bow ties are cool\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll leave
now its just a bad creepy pasta
Is that Amy Pond?
I was hoping we’d see some giant spiders or three headed fish
I'll only watch this for Karen Gillan.
lmao they all changed except the nigger. Once a nigger always a nigger i guess.
School nerdy, virgin girl finds herself in the body of a hotl woman - she'll be shagging everything. Oh, it's a family picture so maybe she won't.
Karen Gillan's flat tummy. I'm in love.
Not gonna lie, that lineup is stacked :)
Kevin hart and the rock? Fine! I'll go!
ship focus baby contest while attack taste trading bite general.
noo...a modernized version of a board game becoming a computer game...this ain't what Jumanji is about -.-
was worried this was redoing the Robin Williams movie, actually this looks pretty good
So the board game turned into a video game? And did they try to imitate the scene in Jurassic world where Chris Pratt is riding his motorcycle with the raptors
When does this come out??\nand is the main guy (the guy who burried it the first time)(actor of genie) okay or Is he dead?
Why do they have to remake movies nowadays they make them evil? And they have swear words in them too and they have kids watching them that's wrong.
The usual illumanti owned actors getting millionaire movie roles..
this is the dumbest shit i have seen this year  wtf leave jumanji alone this is garbage
Nothing is original anymore, just reboot after reboot
Son base somewhat suspect ours slightly dark much.
Well done movie trailer the whole plot of the movie rune and you spoiled a lot of funny and action scenes. So when people see or if they see the movie they will now what parts are coming before hand
Way to ruin a classic. You combined all the cancerous elements of modern day hollywood and wrapped it into one movie. And you wonder why people flee the movies in mass.\n\nFuck you, Hollywood.
Ain't the same with out Robin Williams.
I saw the trailer Lready it was the add at the start of the video
Hey Rock, how do you like that Illuminate cock?
KEVIN HART IS A LEGEND!
Can you smell what the rock is cooking
I do think the film will good, but in my opinion I think it takes away a bit Robbin Williams legacy of making a Jumanji 2
there's 3 lives in each characters and im guessing there's one character will be doing some tragic scene with only 1 live left
Black Guy: Am I still black?\nGirl: yeah \nBlack Guy: Then I’m fine! \n*explodes* \nMe: *dead laughing*
Cant wait to come out
where the Whovians at?
So this is going to be a very different kind of movie than the Jumanji of '95, and that's a good thing.\nHMMM
This is better than the old jumanji
Rip Robin Williams from the 1st one :/
So. What the fuck? It looks so bad it looks great!
For two decades it went untouched, until THE IP RESURRECTION WARS!
Wait your still alive?! My mom said you were dead HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
This movie will suck
Cool\nNice
yeah...no thanks
Not good not cool I would just watch the original and the cartoon
First one was way better, seems like writers and producers, can not be creative, always have to use someone's else's ideas, if u only had a brain
Ok don't get me wrong! Kevin hart, Dwayne Johnson and jack black are pretty cool but honestly this makes me really depressed and ticked off.. jumanji was supposed to be left alone and never remade.. that movie was a true classic.. and now they're literally making it into a big joke 😐🙄  Robin Williams would not be happy about this if he was alive.. just saying
Sees friend get sucked into tv.  Cool let's all try
amy pond thats all i care about
Sony\n\nI already don't trust this
Who's good at staring and not blinking..\nKevin Hart has a blinking seizure lol
Who see the end  ?
Kevin Hart is in it, pass.
watching it
I'm really confused at this movie, but I guess the rock is in it so really can't be that bad.
Guessing Kevin has the cheat codes on hand
Don't care what anyone says. Watching this because I love the cast with the exception of that Jonas douche. Why... just... why
Nick Jonas? Fucking Nick Jonas? Holy Shit that surprised me, love it!
When are you coming back to the wwe
Nick jonas?
NICK JONAS YAAAAAASSS
No
They killed Kevin Hart with... diabetes? WTF?!
SAO? xD
This is gay
+Amir Hadzic
What. The. Fuck.
So cool
4 great actors = 1 badass movie
Cool film
right
Brs?
That looks so funny
OMG IM SO EXCTED THIS IS SO COOL
This looks Cool lmao
About time
ha ha ha, very good !!!
2.31 Oh Shit.
I LOVE AXL ROSE !
Amy pond!!!!!!!!!!
Yessss do it
HOLY SHIT
Fuck the tomb raider trailer and this FUCKING HOLLYWOOD REMAKE SHIT!!!! You people are blind! Kill yourself's.
God awful! Yeah Hollywood just keep making the same shitty, poor quality CGI filled garbage you've been making eventually you'll strike gold 😑...\nThis is why movies are at an all time low. Just get um to the theater, fuck you you'll pay to see it💩.
Sorry kev gonna be a bigger flop than soul plane
Straight up fucking up a classic. The idea is great exploring jumanji is fantastic. But shitty actors paired with lame new style Hollywood storyline fucks the whole thing up. I hate what the movie industry has become.
So unnecessary and cliche. The Rock? Again? He keeps popping up in these cheesy remakes with his one-dimensional acting. He literally acts no different from one more to the next. Let's face it, it's his muscles that Hollywood wants, not his mediocre acting. We have the usual random black guy making an appearance uttering the yo /sarcasm .... Maybe it's my age. The original was so good especially with David Alan Grier and of course Robin Williams. This new one looks like a lump of slimy stinky leftover elf shit with a big shiny Hollywood red bow.
That's  not how it works, that's not how any of it works. Everyone saying it looks good hasn't seen the original.
I like this trailer but I really want to see a movie about how the game is Created in the first place! Who's with me?!
Pass. This looks utter garbage, three actors will have to try again in other better movies to recover from this monstrosity to be.
Didnt this already come out
Jesus have these kids even seen the original!?
#♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥  #♥♥♥♥\n*Jesus Christ is the Son of God & promises you eternal life if you simply believe Him.*\n*He promised to also heal your body.   (Just ask Him)*
hey piece shit say how is satan doing these days
I don't know if Im going to see this I might just wait for it to come to redbox. I feel like certain movies they don't need to remake or even add a second one and this is definitely one of them. By them changing the game to a video game kinda takes away from it feeling like Jumanji
I SEE THE MERRELL TWINS I CLICK ALKSKSKSJSNAZM OMG
Lol you guys should've gone to a bar && had a drinking contest && then switch em out lmao
Oh I laughed so hard
OMG😗😗😗
Love coffe
W
Vanessa is taller
YES MERRELL TWINS OMG YAY
Idk why but it kinda seemed like Tyler was flirting with the twins
Omg they are from Jane the virgin
I loved the twins in the standoff!!!
1st \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNumber of pie is 3
I would have definitely find out the first time, they don't look that much alike. But that was a really fun video !
I love her animation in the middle it was so cute
Omg! Now do a collab with the Dolan Twins
She broke up with her old boyfriend?!? I never knew
Go to the Dolan Twin Warehouse
Couldn't have clicked on a video any quicker!!😊 so funny!!
As there tends to be in a farmers market sammeee like that sarcasm tho
WAIT DID RACHEL AND ISACC BREAK UP, WHEN?!?!?!?!
Hi
Oops sorry wrong spelling of merrell
Anyone watching while breathing?
yaaaas
YAYYY MERRELL TWINS
the merrel twins are my favs
Love merell twins
Omfg
WHAT HAPPEND TO ISAC
Do more diy vids
The guava juice box!!!!!!!
😂😂😂😂😂😂💔💔😂😂😂😂😂😂
Your lucky
Love it
Go Merrell twins!!!!!!!! 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
Do more pranks plzzzzzz
Looooool😀😀
FAVORITE VIDEO!!!
collab with the dolan twins!!!
Entertainment at its finest 👌🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Amazing
Such a hilarious vid
Hhhhhhhh
I saw Guava Juice Box
RACHEL VANESSA AND VERONICA YAAAAY😍
You see me scrolling
Your gloating!\nYour both gloating!!
I HONESTLY LOVE THE INTROOOOOOO
Guys did you see the guava juice box
Tyler: Why'd I get tagged in a picture of a shoe\nRachel: You look like a shoe\nTyler: I look like a shoe?\nVeronica comes in
Can you do more collabs with the merrell twins cuz I love the merrell twins and you Rachel
She should have said that she has a tide to go pen so he still wouldn't have noticed
The reason I don't watch ur vids no more its bc the other nd was better xD
I knew the coffee stain was gonna give it away. But part of me didn't think Tyler would even worry about the stain after he called it out like I thought he would just forget about it. That was so funny ahaha
One was wearing black nail polish and the other was wearing white
Haha he was hurt when Vanessa said she didn't want the s'mores
Please do a room tour
Who else has been writing for the merrell twins to meet Rachel . BEST DAY EVER!
Honestly I would've noticed because I am tell them apart
TBH people want a twin but I don't I only want one of me and no look alikes and what if she steals my boyfriend and my stuff and Idk I just don't want one
youtubers are the worse.. they get paid to trick people that love and trust them.
Outdoor mall yeah is that just a town
Came here for the MT!
Omg why rachell
I like the new videos more than the old videos
Vanessa and Veronica were kind of bad at hiding. It's like a toddler playing hide-and-go-seek, but they looked so funny and cute. My favorite twins on YouTube
U guys r so lucky I love going to the grove
I notice the difference between both
IT TOOK TYLER FOR EVER TO REALIZE THEY SWITCHED
I'm waiting  for the Dolan twins
What happened to her old bf?!?!?
Wait when did she break up with the other guy?
He figured it out by the smallest coffee stain EVER! 😂😂😂 if only Veronica didn't spill her coffee.....
I'd catch it cause I've watched the Merrell Twins pretty much since they started so thy hardly look alike to me anymore
Who noticed that they had, different color nails ?
I wish I had a twin
Y’all are beautiful and amazing you’re an amazing and wonderful YouTuber❤️❤️
another boyfriend
U broke up with your old bf
Omg the ending though had me laughing!!
But they've got different bags for soo long and he didn't noticed but he still managed to notoiced that stain... I mean okay...
OMG MERREL TWIN!!!!!
Lol
Wow the Merrel twins are gorgeous
I remember being an og subscriber
I looooooove the merrel twins
do truth or dare
Where the fuck isac
The merral twins got him good
Nice prank! Loved it!\nEspecially with the Dora song at the end!! XD
when you watch The Merrell Twins so much that you can see the differences in their faces...
their switches were so smooth lol
Tyler  looks like he has a black eye
I would've caught them cos i know them\n\nLike if u agree
It was a good video but I think the boyfriend was acting the entire time
It was boring but funny
Aren't they on Jane The Virgin?
They should do parents for a day
I can tell them apart
Is these Guy her new boyfriend???
She would be so hot if she didnt have the chest of a 12 year old...
The video game looks better.
OML, watch the movie first, then judge! Small boobs big boobs, what's the difference???
o_0 oh god. What the fuck is this shit??? Why people so keen about making movie out of video games?
Garbage. Hot, sweaty garbage that I'm gonna pay for anyways because I love Tomb Raider.
Mark my words. This movie is gonna suck.
Hollywood wants Lara to become a feminist icon (meaning she will be bisexual (actually lesbian)). The problem is, Lara Croft is a male fantasy, sexually induced phantasm: ire WHERE ARE THE GOD DAMN HOOTERS ON HER!!!!
A reboot of a movie based on a reboot of a popular game franchise
... i like her but i dont see her as a laracroft =/
This looks so bad
with the way video game based movies go, i'm really really hoping this turns out better than the rest
its like the video game!!! nice
So this video game movie definitely won't suck.
Gather internal fly tonight round process strip quick half button.
When you realise Alicia's acting skills is more than real, you gonna regret your sexist comments believe me. She is one of the best actresses in this world. She's the perfect L. Croft.
Anyone see the resemblance between this and the last two games that came out or is it just me?
I'm sorry but her tits are not big enough.  Lara Croft needs to be AT LEAST a liberal C cup, MINIMUM.  NO EXCEPTIONS!
lara is south american or european?im confuse
I would not be pleased if there are that much QTE in the movie as well
It looks like a low budget movie based on the video game to make money.
mo vie may suck, but Alicia can suck my c*ck everyday
But she doesn't have Angelinas bewbs :/
So.. this is before she came the bad ass Angelina Jolie Lara Croft?.... NIce.....
She needed to have bigger boobs
only muslims are the real threat to the world right now
This looks like 2013 tomb raider game
What is that crap? Look exactly like the game and we all know video game movie always failed! They never learn don't they! + the actress is a pretty lame choice.
Why isn't the new Lara Croft a man?\nLaurence Croft. Equality.
I'm not sure what I'm feeling right now. There are literally no words in the English language to describe the simultaneous anger, confusion, and joy that this has made me feel.
Who the fuck is this bitch trying to act like Lara and she's trying so hard  to sound like Lara you fucking no chest motherfucker pirece of shit
This looks like something to be on the fence about. While it has moments which promise great visuals, there is not much which brings in a crowd. From what I can tell, the producer is going to mix parts from the games (the ship scene) and the Angelina Jolie films (the last fragment in the trailer). I am on the fence about this and just wanted to give some thoughts for consideration.
Mmm. The scene with the boat reminds me of the intro scene of Tomb Raider 2013 video game.
that guy looks like rick grimes
Im looking forward to this for sure. I like how close it feels to the recent games, and the wide shots/locations look really cool as well.
It's like the game, but with humans, a game but a movie, another way to milk the games
Not so concerned about her features but if any game needs to be done as per the original game play it should be resident evil....\nResident Evil 1 Directors Cut, played as Jill Valentine 👌 that I have been waiting for.
I'm tired of these skinny ass white bitches is playing Laura Croft! The real Laura Croft Croft is a voluptuous woman! So get it right!
Wow when did SyFy get such a large budget?
you are not gamer.....
That last scene feels like a Edgar Wright nod, because Nick Frost and the way it's shot with the drum beats and the quick cuts. p cool
looks shitty. another end of the world movie. Cant they think of more creative ways to give a story stakes?
This looks like it's based off of the rebooted Tomb Raider game. All the way down to the pick axe she has.
will this movie have the nude code for ps1 hidden in it?
Anyone miss when Hollywood would use a woman with a voluptuous curvature for a role like this?  I sure as hell do.
Not right now, thanks.
wew they make the 1st game of TR into movie, I hope they also make the movie of the last of us hehe
Whom do they cast to portray one of the curviest characters ever? A woman with the body of a teen boy of course. Fuck!
Fuck the angelina jolie tomb raiders. This movie looks amazing!
Wanted Alicia Vikander to play Rey but I guess Lara Croft is even better
Was that the box from HellRaiser?
there better be a motherfucking Trex in the bitch
Looks exactly how I expected,  waiting on Uncharted movie and of course people in the comments have complaints as usual.
Yes! If the 2013 videogame Lara had been like this I'd have never complained. Inexperienced, yet adventurous and ballsy and most importantly not whiney and obnoxious. Let's hope they'll let some of this Lara flow into the games (and hire some new writers while they're at it). But for now at the very least we have a fun film to look forward to :)
where's the save point?
Stop making video game movies. They all bomb. This will bomb too.
Death could possibly be an adventure. Fucking assholes..
75% of the comment section : no BooBs - what a great community of players you got Square Enix 😂 Full of nerds ...   zhe got no fookin boobies . Dizlike vid meh 
Horrible casting choice for Lara. Average looking. No tits. Lol. That alone will tank this movie.
That's a guy.
she aint wearing the same necklace as in the game fuck this movie
I don't even want to watch till the end. She sucks so god damn hard. Jesus wtf is wrong with you people?
this is gonna BOMB at the box office. this looks horrible and disappointing. she dosent even resemble lara. Bring back angie.
I literally could not care less about this.
she doesn't sound British enough to me.
Awesome!\n\nBtw there are way too many horny gamers in the comments who just want to see tits. There's plenty of porn on the internet, go wank to your hearts content.
Why cant they make it like the game. Have her visit places like the great wall, Venice, Tibet, in search for the dagger of Xian,  have her encounter random animals, and use weapons like in the game.
Maan, scenario is fucking shit. Get another writer please.
Where's the BOOBS?
0:12 this girl can’t even look and FEEL like lara croft when shes pulling back the bow....\nNot worth it... -.-\nShes not even holding the bow right, she just looks like an inexperienced bow’girl’
This is not Lara Croft does not have big boobs WTF -_-
I still like A. Jolie better in this role.
Everyone from into the badlands is in this! I'm in :D
my tomb raider was thick w tits shes no where close
my only problem, jk, probably tons of them, but she doesn't look like lara croft.
She doesn't look like Lara
Don't need the big lips, Don't need the big boobs, BUT THIS ACTRESS IS TOTALLY OUT!!, She's too thin and doesn't even look ?british? Her face characteristics are totally not what people would look for in a Lara Croft
Lara Croft is supposed to be hot
Angie
Why
DUN DUN......DUN DUN.....\nRepeat like idk, 20 times?
fuck angelima joli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkgW-0JNy80&t=2s
Boobs invader
meh
No angelina... 🙁
Eat ur heart out angelina jolie. Sori😂
Ex-Machina la secuela :v
Stop
im bored
Female Indiana Jones
more remakes?? ffs
#FuckREboots
Ruined another classic.
EW MORE DADDY STORIES
No boobs no Lara
Looks fucking terrible
Clichie
another reboot . I will pass
2 Problems...\n\n1: That's based on the reboot, e.g. it's shit unlike the original series (but also a legit excuse for flat chest)\n2: They didn't stop at flat chest, that actress is a tranny, proof: https://images.sankakucomplex.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/alicia-vikander-skinny.jpg\n\n(male abs, male waist, male hips, masculine shoulder to hip size ratio, no hourglass figure even if super skinny, this is not a natural born woman, I must say though impressively successful transvestite, I didn't notice in her other movies nor do I care, but you can't get away with this shit if you play every gamer's favorite sexy femme fatale, that's not gonna fly! Not her fault, warner bros are just shitheads apparently)
This makes me so happy
* sees thumbnail *\n* Screams internally bc I'm in class and can't watch *\n* Also cries a bit *\n😂😂😂😭😭😂😂
2014 YouTuber merch should be a thing
WHO ELSE IS BUZZING WITH THE OLDIE CREW BEING BACK TOGEVZ 🌈💞🌸
Who else watches every single Youtuber here!? I do 😂🙌
It's my birthday can I get 13 likes as I'm turning 13😚❤️
Everyone like this so alfie and zoe can see this cause joe and zoes phone case is in liam paynes new video
FILMING SOMETHING SPECIAL *UK YouTubers*
It's my birthday on the 31st hopefully I get tickets as a surprise 🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼
All my favourite people in 1 video😍❣️
Been waiting for this since the moment I saw all of their insta stories ❤️🎊
Yasssss! The gang back together again!!! It's like Xmas came early!
Wow new video yay 🙌🏻
Love when all of the Old School Gang are together <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I see u scrolling through the comments!!Get back up☝🏽😂
Hi Alfie!! As I have told you I have got V.I.P tickets and I am soooooooooooooooo exited! I love you so much😘 When my notification pops up my heart pounds out of my chest❤️I love you and Zoe soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much! LBW Squad WHERE YA AT!!!! From H Xx
OMGGGGGG I'M SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU ALL TOGETHER 😍
LBW squad xxxx
Lbw Squaddd
Missing 2014 youtube so much!! Anyone else??
THAT THUMBNAIL THO BUT WHERE IS TANYA 😭😭
I've been watching you're vlogs every single day for 3 years now I think♥️
Love Alfie's vlogs 😊💗
😂😂 that was amazing how you and zoella got scared you guys amazing ❤️
How weird, Tyler uploaded a video where Caspar said he smelt like carrots
So glad to see you all together again!
Love all of you guys ❤️
Lbw squad
#LBW squad reunite ♥️♥️♥️🙋🙋🙋🙋
lbw
Pause at 0:49
LBW SQUAD LIKE 👍 UP
Am I the only one that can only set the quality up to 360p?
OH MY GOD!! I AM EARLY FOR THE FIRST TIME!!! 😍😍😍 I AM FROM PH!! 💗
The thumbnail reminds me of 2014 YouTube. It's so nice to see them all together again 😊 LBW 👊
my favourite people all gathered together 💞
LBW squad haha ilysfm Alfie I live in Australia and its after 2am but I'm glad I stayed up so I could watch the vlog xxxxxxxxxx I also have all you notifications on ily
FFIRRSSTTTTTT \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nto like this comment, and probably the last 😣😂😂😂
Can I see you in Witham on England\n2017 on Thursday 28 of September
Love watching yours and Zoe s videos xxx
HI ALFIE I KNOW YOU WONT EVER NOTICE ME BUT I HOPE IF YOU EVER READ THIS COMMENT. Im still happy :)))
LBW SQUADDDD! This video is making me smile already.
Loved seeing then a then all together 😂💖❤️
I want to see the project but I cant come to helloworld
THE YOUTUBERS ARE BACK IN TOWN
If u go to hello world plz video stuff for YouTube!!!
Like if you are in the Lbw squad 💙
SHOUTOUT TO THE 2014 SUBSCRIBERS OF THE 2014 YOUTUBE GANG!!!!!
Love you so much alfie, I've been LBW-ing for 4 years😍😍😘♥️♥️
Will there be another her hello world ? Xx
Early,LBW Squad & 454th comment
Can't wait ❤️
LBW SQUAD XXXX
Lbw quad where you at xxx
Awwwh, CASPAR :DD
LBW squad where you at?! ❤❤❤💪
Love I Alfie #lbw #notification
#EARLY
#LBW
💕
Lbw squad , c u at helloworld 😉🙈😆😆😆💜
Squad untied😁
#lbw 💪🏽🙌🏽👋🏽
LBW!!!!!
Lbw squad . I love your videos , Alfie ❤
LBW ayyeee
I love you alfie
NOTIFICATION SQUAD ❤️
Lbw squadddd💞💞💞
There backkkk
Lbw squaddddd ❤️❤️❤️
Lbw
Lbw squad where you attttt xx
Lysm LBW squad!!!
Wadduppp lbw squad!!
I love your vlogs soooo much!!! Lbw squad! ❤️❤️
LBW SQUAD
Alfie
#LBW Squad ❤️❤️❤️
Lbw club??!!
LBW👌
Lbw squad 🙌👍👌👋😊
Notification squad?
LBW SQUADSD
LBW crew  xx💞🇨🇮
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪
Hell yeah youtube crew\nGreat vlog today Lbw squad here 😊😀
Lbw gang
Lbw squad💕
LBW SQUADDD
#lbws👌👌👌
Yayayyayaya so exited😍😍😍😍
YOUTUBE CREW 2014
Notification squaddd where you atttt
The red van/trailer thing makes me think of the wmyb music video lol
LBW SQUADD❤️ the youtuber gang are back togetherrrr💙
the video went up like 1 minute ago, how have 5 people already decided that the dont like the video? \nmakes me sad
BACK TOGETHER YESS
Who else liked before he even said goodmorning??❤️
All the bad ones.
Fergie is so fine
Fergie looks so funny when she's in the moment! lol
Hello darkness my old nigga
*Beatles sing despacito*
Fergie 😍👑
She still looks the same!
Yeees Fergie is the queen
Okay... so that was freaky!\nFergie looked deranged - couldn't tell if her weird facial expression was intentional or from Botox!?!?
She didn't blink once, i was getting scared.
Fergie look gorgeous as always
I miss the BEP
Haven't blinked once.
Omg is that a plastic doll
Cringe
Yeet
nice! black people impersonate white people its called music/art, white people impersonate black people they called racist ? its a one way system we living in.
funnky
Is it just me or did the album cover for 'Black Simon & Garfunkel' look a lot like the cover for 'The Lewis & Oswald Experience' from 'The Drew Carey Show' that was on ABC back in the day?
I was screaming for Ferg
I died when she said check it out lol
Oh I miss the black eyed peas...
This is so funny 😂😂😂
Press 7 over and over: My humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps, my humps.....
Damn Fergie 🔥
Haha Quality
queen fergie 😍😍
Ha, ha, ha!!!!!!
Wow
Dont drip fergi
RoboFerfie
Lol
So short(
love Fergie and Black eyed Peas❤💜❤❤😇😇😇😇😘😘😘😘😘😘
😍😍
Nostalgia!
Funny jimmy first
fergie is so look like spice girl geri halliwell
She went full crazy eyes.
The fuck was that
Fergie was WAY into her 'don't piss your pants on TV' mindset tonight.
I actually want to hear this album
Lindaaaaaaaa
Not funny.
I used to sing and dance this at school without knowing the meaning of it. Now, I’m shookt lol
Wow dear god... This check it out was fuck amazing
Duquesa 😍😍😍❤
My name is Fergie !!!!
Yo number 1!!!
Fergie has been replaced by a robot and the programmers forgot to add blinking to the protocol
this is so good
OMG FERGIE!!!
Who the hell is she to make fun of Simon and Garfinkel with her trashy music?
Stupidity.
she's not still famous, is she?
love love love
This is so terrible
This is white appropriation!!! I'm outraged
fergie did something to her lips \nshe looks like she is in her 50's
DeeZ niggas so emotional n shieeet
But she's not in the peas anymore so she shouldn't be singing this anymore
FERGIE??\nthe one who tried to sell a song called MILF??? IMAO worst attempt since a very long time.
Excuse me, but it's not Black. It's African-American. My fellow Californians would be outraged at this.
Obviously you can do all these will longer hair too!! Wooo I hope u enjoy guys 🙈
Girl your trending!!!
THANK YOU so much i love this it is so useful
Shes bugs me sm
you are beautiful.
It looks so great!
i love your hair !!
You need to curl your hair away from your face otherwise it looks stupid. Living for the short hair tho
Ur trying to hard to look like Ashley benson lol
What are those pouty faces after the look, omg so cringe
Your short hair makes u look so much more grown up 😍😍😍😍luv it
I loved your hair then and I love it now!!!!!!
Your looks so nice 😍😍
Love this, love you. You helped me through my mental health! ❤️ xxxx
I love your hair with your face shape it suits your face so well and you look really sophisticated
OMG my hair used to be long, I recently cut it last month, and these helped me so much! Thanks Saffron ((:
looks amazing💕
Your eyes look so beautiful😍😍
This suits you so much better😍❤️
Ive got short hair and i love it ❤💗 it suits me really well 😍 you look dead gorgeous with short hair 😚😘
Recently got my hair cut short but I honest cannot put my hair up because there's always those bits at the back that aren't long enough to fit in the bobble
you make me really want to cut my hair short! lovely video xx
Love youuu
I just got my hair cut short and I don't suit it as much🙁I wish I could pull it off like you❤️
Slag
your adorable!! Please do an updated whats on my iphone
Did anyone notice she done 6 hairstyles not 5 lol
i’m literally obsessed with saff’s it’s gorgeous! ilysm saff💗💗💗💗💗
The wavy hair is so so nice on you saff!! My little sister was going to come to the book signing and I was wondering do you have to buy two books and tickets then ? Because there's no point in the two of us getting a book ? Does anyone know?
Your hair looks stunning! Love you Saffron! 💕
Sex
Can't get over ur hair x love u saff❤️😘😍
I love you and your hair sooo much!! I loved meeting you! ❤
Love this we are twinning w hairrrr it’s lush love it saff xx
Love your short hair , it's so nice and suits you so much ! 💕💕💕
SLAYYYYY😍😍
Love the hair saffron xxx
Hi saffron a love u everyday when I put u on tv on my ps4 my grandma comes in And sayes what's this pretty girl saying 😂❤️😘
What curler did you use xx
Saffron you are the most gorgeous girl I have ever seen. You videos are amazing as well. I just want to be you.
Who preferred her long hair
OMG SAFFRON YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER ❤❤❤
THUMBNAIL REMINDS ME OF CHRISTMAS!!
Love this video!💓
The vlog sent me !!
I love you saffron xxx
Your a queen xxx
I got my hair cut the same length as your today. I was having a huge breakdown but I did it. I LOVE IT but I can't do any hair styles apart from a pony tail and my ponytail is so cute it's tiny. This video really helped and now I can do loads thanks so much saffron you saved me from regret and disappoint ❤️🔐
Soooo freaking cuteee ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Holy crap you honestly look absolutely stunning Saff!
So stunning !!!
Which curlers do you use? ❤️❤️
I love your short hair 😍❤️
You look gorgeous😍😍
are you still whit jake?
Short hair suits you very well 😍
I honestly just love her so much!!
😍😍😍😍😍
Just ordered your book so excited
Have you met my cousin Diaz jellif
I cut 17 inches off of my hair last month yet it’s still longer than saffron’s 😂 17 inches of hair donated to princess truest to make wigs for children with cancer 💗
Yesssss this is soooooooooo useful 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Luv u 💓
Your blog sent me. I love your hair soo much xxx
Saffron i live ur hair so much is baeeee love u saffron xxxx
This is so helpful! I just got my hair cut the same length as yours and this is helpful as it's boring seeing your hair just up😅 Please do more!! Love you loads :))
You look like Olivia buckland with your hair like this😍
You suit your new hair so much!!💗
Vlog sent me even though I was subscribed on here first! 🙌🏻😂
💗
😍😍
Great video! Soooo helpful 😅
I stared at the pimple all the way through the video
saffs stunning with short hair and long hair and without makeup and with makeup!!
Sorry. Ily not hate but I prefer long sorry
Why do u sound like Rita ora ur voice has changed 😂
You suit it omg
Your new hair makes you look like 21❤️💚💙 it's so pretty xxxx
Anyone else think saffron sounds so different in this video? Different mic?
Ooh that’s a good idea, but you know you will never look as good as she does😂😭
I love your hair . But i do miss your long hair i could never cut my hair i love my long hair ( it past my bum )      \n\nP.s your hair fab
I love this so much
So beautiful! I am in love with your hair x
I love you new hair it's stunning I couldn't pull of short hair
التسريحات جميلة جدا جدا جدا
hair is so cutteee💓💓
I love ur new hair
I like your hair short hair but I prefer ur long hair xo
Omg this is wat i did lol
You Look Great Babe! Your Short Hair Is Gorgeous, LoveYou So Much!!♥️♥️
Omg saffron your hair is so stunning you slay girl👸🏼❤️❤️
❤️️TBH the sleek back hairstyle didn't suit her but still LY Saff❤️✨
Yur short hair is so amazing
HI SAFFRON!!! COULD YOU PLEASE DO A WISH HAUL VIDEO!!! THEY HAVE GOT RIDICULOUSLY CHEAP PRICES LIKE MAKE-UP FOR EVEN £1!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO A VIDEO ON THINGS YOU WILL BUY FROM WISH.COM. LOVE YOU AND YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION :) xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
My pengting slays her new hair queen I luv u so much x
She's dead cringy omg
Okay we get it you got your haircut, you can stop talking about it now 🙄😂
It's really petty but ever since she cut her hair her videos are just impossible to watch lolollll
Of course she had to copy Zoella
Why does everyone including herself, big up her hair so much loool it's not that great?? It looks dead and stiff😂🤧
The big ass forehead is what actually scares me.
Actually in the new movie they don't actually mix blood, they hold the others persons hand that hasn't been cut and make a promise, kind of like a blood pact but without mixing blood
I float even when I'm not down there
I think dropping f-bombs adds nothing to the movie but violence and overall creepiness dose. Cussing is just a stupid way for it to get some R_rated points.
(2017) IT + Tim curry pennywise\n\nGreatest movie of all time
Pennywise: You'll float to!\n\nGeorgie: No thanks!\n\nPennywise: Your loss!
2:21 - It sucks him dry...\nDaiiumn, even pennywise can't help but to be horny sometimes 😂😂😂.\nI'll let myself out now...
Do anybody else think that the new pennywise is cute
How about the differences between the first IT how Georgie got killed vs the new IT...Biggest difference that I had seen..
IT (2017) made me laugh and IT (Original) still hunts me still to this day.
Tim curry plays it not bob gray
Man, I haven't seen this channel in ages. These guys have gone this desperate for ideas? Damn.
IT 2017 was not a remake of the 1990 one!!!!!
It 2017 is the best horror move ever
I’d float for an early copy of Super Mario Odyssey.
Got to read the book
Then mike #7 came back as candyman...see why you have to fuck with him 😂😂
Stephen King is such overrated garbage. I've read five of his books and he is not the horror god he is made out to be.
I just saw It today and I thought it was amazing! I had my doubts but I'm happy that the movie was better than I thought it would be.
This movie was so amazing. Like wow. I just saw it today.
It sucks him dry wth that's is weird
do Top 10 Moments in Alabama Crimson Tide Football
The losers in 2017 adaptation looks alike everything... Execept the losers.
*Check out my Remix of Pennywise!*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GoRXJ-GzUM
For me the scene with the Paul Bunyan statue was very terrifying. Don't get me wrong, this is my favorite Stephen King adaptation by far. I just wish they had put that scene in the film (especially since I spotted the statue in the background).
hey It why don't you just float
I decided to watch this movie on my phone at night, alone. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nWtf is wrong with me?😂
I just watched the full It (2017) and I'm now watching this video an hour later\nHope this won't make my Coulrophobia even _worse_ as I was terrified of clowns to begin with. Watch It and it's worse. Hope this won't make me stay away from _circuses_
Number 1. It's good
The bully in the 2017 version\nHella looks like my old neighbor.
I like seeing that I'm not the only one that thinks this movie is a fucking beast
Nothing will beat IT almost jumping out of that MF book...
In Canada it is rated 18+
The killer clown trend better not start up again
I wish the newer one and it's so cool it doesn't even give you nightmares Pennywise is not even mentioned they just call it and then spoiler alert one of them breaks their arms and then they never going to be with them ever again in Georgie if you come you'll float too all of it everything will float even you
We all float in the dead sea
Just saw the 2017 version yesterday. They also changed some of the fears the kids had to deal with. I actually liked the idea of being afraid of water, and the movie, I Was A Teenaged Werewolf. I think the only thing they could've done better w the 2017 version is slow the progression of the movie down. That's what made the mini series great. You, as the audience were investing more time w the kids as they bonded together, but what I watched yesterday did feel a little rushed.\nThe other thing about the 'timeline' idea was the mini series gave the backgrounds of the adults as each character was introduced. I absolutely loved the dialogue that Ben Hanscom has w his lover - I was a butterball. As kids we all have those awkward phases we go through, and like Ben, I went through that same phase in high school. I always had that pudgy extra weight that I carried around. Now, I'm not extremely fit, but I've done better than some other guys who've struggled w their weight, so I best identify w Ben Handscom. I'm not married yet, but if you saw the mini series, there's a little something about two certain people, w/o giving the ending of Chapter Two for next year.\nOh, one more thing, I think if you've read the book or saw the mini series, this is a plus, because some horror movie fans will walk into the theater to watch this year's version and have no clue as to what they're watching,......
Intergalactic terror? What you meant to say is inter-dimensional terror
i enjoyed both old and new, but I still prefer the old one, I don't think the child actors are that good in the new one, all the child actors in the old one were just perfect, and the new one over exaggerated the profanity, what are these kids like in 7th grade, it just sounds ridiculous hearing them curse every other sentence. I also prefer Tim Curry's performance over this new guy, as well as pennywise design also the soundtrack was a lot better in the old one, the only thing i liked better in this one, was that they actually showed what each kid was afraid of, but the old one, they just showed pennywise, also the cgi was garbage in the new one.
I'm not watching IT! It was a nightmare when I was when I was a kid, it'll be hell now I'm grown up trying become friends with party clowns -- never mind, until I meet a clown with a beautifully made-up face, I'll just stay away from them again.
I just got home from seeing it and I was blown away! it was hands down the best and most SCARY movie I have ever seen. I cannot believe how well made this movie was. a must see!!!!!
How did they get to say the N word on the tv series.
I don't know why but i loved when the clown popped right out of the screen and became huge.
Why is this cunt still narrating the videos?
The kids fucked in the book
The 2017 version is more terrifying and a truer adaptation of the book overall. \n\nIf you polish a turd it's still a turd. It was farthest from an adaptation as you could get in my opinion. The dynamics, the characters, any sense of subtlety that the book had was lost to modern horror movie stereotypes and lazy writing.
All I could think of was Monster House w Steve Bushemi. That movie was WAY better. Stephen King should have acquired Steve Bushemi.
Spoiler don’t read on if you haven’t watched \n\n\n\n\n\n\nBeverley smashes her dad around with the top of a toilet 🙂
I just saw IT today it was awesome
Saw the movie the first time it was announced to theaters. You won't believe how many people were there, the whole building was packed. But the movie was lit tho, so was the actor for Pennywise. He fits the character so well.
My sister: How will we float? Me: We lose gravity bitch
I want this comment to float to the top please.
-I hate the way they minimized Mike's story in the new version. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the new adaptation, but Mike was basically the historian of the group. As well as the racism plaguing Mike and his family, it should have been included. It was a vital point in the book and film and explained why Henry targeted Mike a lot more and made him more than just the token black kid for diversity points.-
6:06  to be more blunt in the book she gets ganged banged by the rest of the boys willingly
My favorite is 2017 IT movie It got better graphics and Cool stuff\n*And even more scary*
More gruesome doesn't mean better. The TV version did fine by fading out at George's death. We knew what happened and it was still terrifying.
Despite many changes, I did enjoy the 2017 movie except for when (and how) the losers get to the sewers and how Bowers was handled. The movie really fell apart in that last quarter. :P Even cutting out the 'gang bang', they could have played that out the same way in the book, with the bullies following them as well.  Regardless, still enjoyed it and look forward to part II.
Penny wise:Want Ballon?\nMe:(ShootsHim)Nope Ugly
In the UK it only got a 15 rating! It’s R in the USA?
The summer of 1958...THAT was the summer of applejacks!
I just watched the 90's  It  last night
it 2017 is better than the 1990 film
According to my mom, an almost 50 year old Stephen King fangirl, she considers the biggest damning difference between the movie and miniseries is Tim Curry isn't even Pennywise, so what's the point?
The linear story works best for the remake because a lot of people I know who went to see the 2017 version didn't read the book or see the miniseries so with linear storytelling when characters are in trouble the stakes are actually high as opposed to flashbacks where you know they make it out okay
2017 was the best
piss + shit = gray water
the girl looks like a cross between elizabeth olsen and kristen wiig
https://youtu.be/HP_aGGgR4Vs yes
🎈
will i float tho?
https://www.facebook.com/travis.azure.5/videos/958787910929070/    scary
Why is this trending?
ShIT2017
It sucks him dry
YOU'LL FLOAT TOO
Do everything there float? Answer me pennywise!!
High ah, Georgie!
🎈
OMG
Slaughter IT🔪🔪
REACTION VIDEO UPLOADING !
What about sinking?
Hey was upppppppp!!!!
You'll float too, You'll float too, You'll float too, YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!!
Top 10 steven king sex scenes.\nYa fucking pussies.
What did differently?
I still hate clowns.
2:22 it SUCKS him dry
How is this trending?
BEEP BEEP RICHIE
Old was scary...new was rehashed cgi that was just goofy.
The problems i had with the movie  are the overuse of cgi that will obviously look outdated within 2 years, and the two chatacters mike and whatever his name is that basically have no screen time or lines in the movie. It wasnt scary, it was eerie and funny......
They got rid of his on fleek eyebrows ;p
5:43 Daddy PLEASE!!!!!!
What's the background music?
I float........in the sea
1990 was the best
It sucks him dry
the 1990s clown looks less scary
The pronounce is Muskietti not Mushietti btw
Lmfao at the fact that ppl voted no for the kkw review lmao
Allllll ya meats... hahahaha Great video!!
casey deserves much more subs
I miss the vlogs!
The noise on the bag reminds me of when I open a bag of hot cheetos😂
i love how no matter what foundation you are testing you always use a brush on one side & a sponge on the other! it truly does help people see what way works best! thank you for this video!!
this becca foundation and dermalogica primer gave you baby butt skin lol. i like that combo!
Omg love this look ❤️❤️❤️ you killed it !
Anyone else want to immediately buy that eyeshadow palette after seeing how that shadow applied with her finger? GORGEOUS CASEY!
Will you film makeup collection soon? 🤔😘
Yeah.  I like to apply eyeshadow with my fingers.  Of course I wash my hands beforehand.  Never had a problem
Try the lancome high definition mascara I can't spell the French name 😂😂😂 i love it on my lashes
I think this is my favorite look that you've done!!
Derm is discontinuing the hydra blur primer! 😭😭😭 it’s my faveee
Shimmer eye shadows are the only product I'll use my fingers for. Even when I use setting spray on my brush, my fingers beat it with the color pay off. Every time!
Don't you use the Urban Decay Velvetizer anymore?
The Huda palette wasn't even on my radar until I saw this look. Wow. So pretty!
Guys do you know name of backround music Please ?
What brushes are you using? It doesnt bother me to use my fingers but i understand with long nails how it could be a pain. Love you and your channel
Love your videos Casey!!!!!!!
Great video Girl
Use glitter glue mannnn
Loooove this eye look ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Yeah that concealer looks so cakey
Good job... NAIL. 😂
Should have used the finger that's missing a nail
Your natural lashes look so pretty in this video! I loved seeing you with no falsies 😍
to answer your question Casey, I don't have a problem getting down & dirty when it comes to using my fingers for pressed glitter or shimmer shadows.. It's SOOOOO worth the color payoff 🖐😋🎨ur look for the huda desert palette is gorgeous! purple glow on your lid is stunning!!! totally liking how the kkw contour palette in light came out on your cheeks.... bronzer color was very warm, but muted  &the contour color came out pretty as well 😉  primer&foundation looked full coverage w/o being cakey on 📷 but of course, sometimes, you see more details than us subscribers do 💁👥👁
Omg what essence mascara is she talking about? It sounds like I need it in my life 😭
Personally I wouldn't buy a palette that I could only use my fingers with bc I agree I think the brush allows you to be more precise. I do like this palette from your swatches but I don't think I would use it enough to buy it. Loved this video girl! xox
does anyone know the brush she used to set her eye lids with?
Even if the product isn't for you...you still you look gorgeous😍 I love you!! Keep staying beautiful❤
I really dislike using my fingers to apply shadow. I feel like I can't get a precise clean look. It really does make a difference though vs a wet flat brush. Definitely wouldn't buy a palette that specifically says to use your fingers though
I was so happy to see a look not using Cosmo! Thank you for the great video
I got the peach Lancôme highlighter a few weeks ago. It's gorgeous and I love it as an eye shade as well!
I hate applying eye shadows with my fingers its never as concise as I like to have it:/ Love this video your so amazing
instead of using the tape to shape your eyeshadow you should try baking with loose powder right there at an angle where the tape would go, it gives the same effect except more blurred and soft!
It comes in a sealed package like you would do to all your meats 😂 That comment made my day! Love you girl! ❤️🍕🍕🍕
i thought she looked so great after she finished her foundation and concealer!
Where did you get the shirt at in this video?? Loveeee it
Hands down the best foundation out there! #becca
personally I don't mind using my fingers but I would prefer the option of a brush. I LOVEEE this eye look... made me want that palette :)
Omg love that new huda beauty palette, I've been wanting a review of it for a while but I freaking want it and I love the eye look on you Casey good job with the video and keep up the good work 👍👍❤❤
I love when I use shimmers and glitters with my fingers. I just think it's easier. As far as the Dermalogica primer, I hated it. I have dry skin, and it made my skin oily. My foundation looked like a hot mess at the end of a few hours. 😢
Your face when the doorbell rang 😂😂😂 I love this eye look on you, it's gorgeous!
i have the huda rose gold pallet..im not crazy about it..the mattes are okay..the two pearl shades are beautiful..the textured shadows i found difficult to work with..and generally i prefer a finger application for my lid with any shimmer shade..i like the richness of color i get from finger application..i found the light shades in the textured shadows very patchy and difficult to distribute evenly across the lid..and i found the deeper shades in the textured shadows..the deep red and the bronzy color much smoother and easier to work with..but overall..i never reach for the pallet ..there is something in the formula of the textured shadows that the skin on my eye lids dont react well to..my eyes burn and itch all day while wearing them so i dont use the pallet
Love and miss your dark hair! And the natural hair waves! Looks sleek when you put your hair at the back!
Casey you look amazing and that top is so cute!!!!! 🌻
You should test out the dermacol foundation! I think you'd really like it!
I know I personally always use my finger to apply any glitter eyeshadows because it makes them pop more (but I have the same issue, can’t be extremely precise, so then I go in with a flat brush to clean up)
Hi Casey! I've actually been challenging myself to use one palette for the work week and I recently used the Rose Gold Palette! I really enjoyed this palette a lot! I really hadn't used it since I purchased it, so its been awhile. But wearing the Rose Gold Palette worked out in my favor this past work week!
I prefer finger and then go in with a brush to add more or to perfect the lines since fingers are not precise when in comes to a good line on the lid .
I can't use my fingers to apply eyeshadow. I don't think I get it on my lid well, and I hate when my hands are in my way! Haha
I ALWAYS use my finger for my shimmers all over the lid. Way better payoff and i find it pretty easy and fast.
I usual don't like applying eyeshadow with my finger but the palette is totally worth it BTW love your videos and if you say something good then I have to buy it💋💗❤💏💖
OMG I really want the Huda Beauty palette so much xx
Was literally at ultra today trying to remember which essence mascara you loved 😩 what was it called?
The color schemes of both of the palettes are pretty similar or the price!
looooveeeeee it!!! btw you don´t pronounce the N in monsieur
Casey, I think your Smashbox highlights look so much nicer on your skin than the two in this video!
Does anyone know what Huda lip strobe she was comparing the Ciate one to?
what essence mascara were you talking about?
I found that sponge-tipped applicators are best for laying down finger only shadows. The texture is similar to finger tips.
I love those milk makeup lippies! I wore cream and wifey for my wedding in August! It gave me a very subtle ombré lip!
Can you try out the Mac eyeshadow pallet x 15? I would love to see what you think about it!
I'm obsessing over that mascara!
I tried the rose gold palette and had to return it, I just didn't like it
I love Casey and she's my go to YouTuber but I can't afford anything she likes 😭
Always love your eye looks!
Girlllllll!!!! I am not in to the super sparkly shadows, but you don't this look makes me want to try it out!
That satisfaction you feel when you hear the packaging like rustling, is called ASMR. There lots of people who do asmr videos on youtube. They range everything from eating sounds to different kinds of paper crinkling, gum chewing or popping, haircut sounds (like scissors cutting hair) or coloring in a book or whispering while reading...so many things its insane! Alot of people even enjoy makeup videos because they find it gives them asmr aswell. Its not the reason i watch them but hey, whatever floats your boat lmao
I wouldn't buy a palette where you had to use your finger to apply it. It's one thing to choose to do that and another to get no pigment unless you do. Pink Eye is real👀 people.
do you still use the bumble and bumble shampoo and conditioner?! your hair is literally always so pretty even when its not done!!And its so hydrated lol. Love this look also! xoxo
When daisy and rose started barking my dog started barking and freaking out 😂😂
Granted, I don't use NEAR as concealer as Casey, but I use 2 or 3 dots of Tarte Shape Tape, and 2 dots of the Milani she used on my under eye.  This combo for me, covers and brightens and does a great job.
Literally I freaking LOVE the eyes their so insanely beautiful 😭😭😭😭 I want that eyeshadow palette so bad 😭
Img your should do a collab with Chloe morello. U remind me of her
Your lips are like perfectly filled in this vid like they look so pretty here <3
Ok I'm so sorry I love your channel but Omg you low-key look like Allisa Violet in the thumbnail, sorry for being annoying but no one has seemed to notice.
I always apply any lid eyeshadow with my fingers, it's the best way to apply shimmers. I love both of Huda's palettes ! 😉
Yes to more throwback throwdown videos! The YSL babydoll is still my favourite mascara 🙋🏼
The entire video I could NOT stop looking at your eyeshadow!!! Now I need the Huda palette
FYI the MILK makeup lip in the color C.R.E.A.M isn't new... I've had it for over a year.
Laying down, eating a large cup of italian ice... my guilty pleasure😭 \n2 videos wont hurt.. i said\n5 videos later.... \n4:00am... oh boy...
That lip combo is beautiful!!!  Also, I enjoyed seeing a look sans false eyelashes.
Using my finger doesn't bother me for the lid. I always use them actually. I wash my hands first though. And I never break out from it! Xoxoxo
I wish I had your makeup skills girl💜 so pretty!
Your videos literally give me joy!! Thankyou for being super amazing at making YouTube videos and super amazing at makeup!!❤️
I pretty much always apply my lid shade with my finger. I just feel like it's so much more pigmented that way. But I also don't have fake nails. And what someone said earlier about the cheapy foam applicators is so true!
I really enjoy applying shadows with my fingers
I love how you've been coming out of your comfort zone and using vibrant colors on your eyes! The looks are GORGEOUS and you still look like Casey lol. xoxo
I don’t mind applying eyeshadows with my finger, sometimes it’s the easiest or fastest way to get some color pay off. Also I love your honesty in all your videos and the fact that you can be yourself! Thank you girl for the video!
I love this video so much 😍😍😍😍
Living for that eye look.
Yes i would 100 percent buy a palette that required you to use your fingers, sometimes your fingers are the best tools and there is always baby/make-up wipes to clean your finger up after :) x
Your eyes are stunning in this video!! Love the look
Hey:) does anyone have the lancome and the becca highlighter and could tell me the difference between these two?:) bc i think about purchasing the lancome one but im not quite sure since they look kinda similar and i already own the becca champagne Pop..🤔
Who else thinks she looks like alissa violet?
I love this look! So pretty. You're always gorgeous Casey!
Ooh I love that gloss on you!! So pretty
When are they gonna upload the whole segments like Wendy Williams? 😒 Just upload the damn thing.
:/ I wanted to hear the rest *^*
What words of wisdom ? You just cut her off tf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haters only have a problem with certain interracial couples. e.g.\na black man with a white woman rarely gets any hate.\nbut a black woman with a white man brings on a lot of hate.\nit's pathetic.
Dang Tamera's hair style thoooo
i swear i adore tamera 😍 she's honestly such an inspiration to me she's​ such a strong independent woman a great mother and brilliant wife like she's so wise and intelligent she teaches young girls like me that being intelligent and having morals and being classy is sexy as a 16 year old girl I think she should be a role model to any young girl she's my sista sista 😂❤👏
Only 1 minute😢 I really want more real
Im in an interracial relationship and I can relate to tamera and adam when it comes to people saying racist things on both sides. It really takes ALOT of love to overcome all of the hate in the world.
This is the kind of girl chat I was looking forward to this season but these seconds long video urgggg stopppp
Dang, Tamera looks so good! 😍
Teach em mama
I like how she made the point that she heard racist stuff from both white people AND black people. Some people swear that black people can't be racist.
she is biracial so no matter she dates black or white its still going be an interracial relationship anyway....
Haha Loni is making sure they stay right on schedule! 0:45 Thirty seconds
Her mom is right. Some white men are fake and only want to experiment being with a black or Asian girl and not actually take it seriously. Her mother was just being protective. Tired of these 30 second videos though. Glad I unsubbed
I don't really understand why her mom would be against it since she married a white man?? And I know it's because they had a hard time but if she chose him for love then wouldn't she trust Tamera also chose Adam that way.
You guys are ridiculous with these clips... you didn't even let us hear the end of her sentence. This is not gonna make more people tune in to the live show... people work and don't have the luxury to record shows!!! HELLO!!
Even if she married a black man, wouldn't it still be interracial?
people in the comments section be so annoying, I swear yall always want to fight
love Tamara in white
Jasmine curry: I agree with you about tamera. She's an honest woman and very classy. I love her words of wisdom, and although I'm not in an interracial relationship,  I'm married to a black man. I can understand where her mother was coming from, BUT, I also believe that as a woman, or man, it shouldn't matter what race the person is that you love. If that person treats you with respect and loves you unconditionally,  a mom or dad should respect that.
She's already biracial so either way it would be an interacial relationship! So why when you are biracial black is ok but white no?? Why does the black takes over the white??? (Because of the one drop rule??)
I love The Real and I've been watching since the begging here on YouTube cause I can't see it on my tv in Brazil, but now the videos are too short and out of context...what's happening? I wanna see the real talk, their opinions, their beliefs and their discussion about something and not only two sentences
ok, i need to see the rest NOW!!!!!!!
this was real disrespectful, y’all couldn’t let Tamera finish her story tho 😩😭
It's freaking 2017, are people really still bitching about interracial relationships???
My parents had to make a decision and say _Look, are we gon worry about what other people think or are we gon do us and keep it movin'?_ Once they quit worrying about outside chatter, things went smooth sailing. I mean, think about it... People are gonna dog you out no matter what so you might as well be w/ whomever makes you feel comfortable. Man, woman, cat, dog, *you* have to worry about you.
Tamera looks so pretty
Are Tameras parents still together?
Su rude to just cut off the video where it did...we didn't get to finish hearing the message. Smh. :/
What does adam do to stop white supremacy? I am asking for a friend
Tamara put love before what people thought. .like every should! Go Tamera
But but she's half white, so wouldn't it be equally as interracial if she was with a black guy instead?
I was about to get in my feels until I realized the video had ended , lmao y'all play too much:,(
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
black women love dem white boys
If you going to show us short clips the least you can do is let Tam finish her sentence 🤦🏽‍♀️
dang, y'all couldn't even give us a full minute?
Wow I Felt This One
I'm a black female but I love every race and colour
That's awesome advice. I met Tamera's dad...sweet guy!
The editors at the real youtube are really not professional! WTH can we do with a less than a minute of the show?  \nThat's really annoying, and for that reason why I unsubscribed of this channel
👀Look what I got in the mail today !! 5 superhero capes and masks for my daughter's Christmas present . And I got it completely free ☺ All I do is play the app verydice to get free stuff from amazon ! Some stuff I've gotten are ...\n🔹Paw patrol pup pad\n🔹6 lipsticks \n🔹Laptop cooling pad\n🔹$200 Thomas the train set\n🔹 Fisher Price Laugh and learn speaker \n🔹Fisher price Beatbelle \n🔹$130 Graco car seat\n🔹Kids stool\n🔹Kids piano\n🔹Phone case\n🔹Shelf\n🔹Knit headbands\n🔹Aquadoodle\n🔹Book\n🔹Bathtub organizer\nAnd more ! About $600 worth of stuff !\nIt's free shipping and they don't ask for a card number . If you want free stuff as well, download verydice from your app store (black background with 3 green dots) and please enter my friend code 720973 to get started ! If my code doesn't work when you first download it, please enter it in the icon that says NEW.\n💥Make sure you screenshot this so you don't forget 😉
I refuse to date/marry outside my race.
Why are the videos coming out so short?!
that last part is dope
I'm so confused is this the episode that aired today? Because this isn't what I saw on tv. Can someone please explain that to me.
Fox News (Adam's employer) have regularly had hosts say interracial marriages are wrong........
Adrienne look dead.
Amen to that
UPLOAD FULL CLIPS
💗💗💗💗💗
Awww 😢😢❤
Yes! I love Fri-Yays
I can't stand Tamera's mom. she is always judging Adam cuz he's white yet she married a white boy.
O my goodness! Tamera is not talking about her children! ...(no shade intended)
So i know the main news os Kylie is pregnant BUT I THINK Adrienne is pregnant too!!... U heard it from me first lol
ADAM ADAM ADAM BLA BLA BLA BLA BLA BORING!! 😴😴😴😴😴
Lol her mom sounds super narrow minded. Is she forgetting that Tamera is half white??? Ridiculous! Your own people are the ones who create racism (this applies to every race, mostly)
My band is back! !!!
Fucking yeeeeah!!!
i missed them! <3
come back brazil again
Heck yee
Anyone else like Sean Paul?
Damn Nicholas outfits. I want!
hell yeah
What happened to the drummer ?
Eu queria muito ter ido ao show deles 😧
Nailed it. Loving this so much, can't wait for more.
One Foot\n\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\n\nNot a soul up ahead and nothing behind\nThere's a desert in my blood and a storm in your eyes\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\nBut I remember the fight and I forget the pain\nI got my hand in your pocket and my key in your chain\nAm I the king of nothing at all?\nAnd you're the queen of nothing at all\n\nOh, through the wilderness\nYou and I will walk into the emptiness\nOh, and my heart is a mess\nIs it the only defense against the wilderness?\n\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nNot a soul in the road, not a star in the sky\nIt's a desert in my heart, and nowhere to hide\nI'm your king of nothing at all\nAnd you're my queen of nothing at all\nWell, out here in the dust if you don't have trust\nAin't nothing left of us, this is the exodus\nThey're just testing us, they can't flex with us\nThey can't mess with us, they can't mess with us\n\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n\nWell, cross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\n(Well, out here in the dust)\nOh, through the wilderness\nHow come even together there can be loneliness?\nOh, our heart's a mess\nBut it's our only defense to brave the wilderness\n\nCross my heart and hope to die\nTaking this one step at a time\nI got your back if you got mine\nOh, one foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other\nOoh-ooh-ooh (hey!)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\n\n(In the wilderness)\nOne foot in front of the other (hey!)\nOoh, all that we have is each other\nOne foot in front of the other\n\nOh, in the so-called 'Land of the Free'\nOne foot in front of the other\nDon't you know that all we have is each other?\nOne foot in front of the other
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT
I MISSED WALK THE MOON....WHEN I SAW THEY HAD CAME OUT WITH THIS SONG...I LITTERLYED TEARED UP AND JUMPED UP AND DOWN...see my dad told me that they where long gone...ALL MY ARGUING IS OVER
been waiting for this for years
NICK PETRA WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN I MISSED YOU
FUCK YE NEW SONG FROM HIM IMMA KISS HIM ONE DAY GO JUSTIN BIEBER
He looks like an edgy Marcus Butler
Bang bang
MY PRECIOUS CHILDREN HAVE RETURNED YAS
The comeback is so good\nChannel for guitarist: https://www.youtube.com/user/KellyValleau\nI know a good guitarist I asked him if he could do a guitar version on this song it's so good
This vide makes me all jumpy and happy :)
Anyone else hear Different Colors at 2:50? I love how they seem to give a little nod to it!! :)
WALK THE MOON IS BACK!! Great song!! Can't wait for the new album!!
Great song !  What a great comeback !!
Who’s here before they blow up with fans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSP1GAyTGPU&t=23s
NYCC
dislike
Justin im your #1 biggest super fan ever
welcom back
nice song
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
OMG YES
👏👏👏👏❤
WOW!!! So fucking AWESOME... my new favorite song!!! 😎🔥🔥😍🎶❤
I LOVE!!!!!!
brazil
One direction?
Maroon 5:Why u stole  my line\nWalk The Moon:What do u mean?I cross my heart and i hope to die
Am I the only one feels like it's a maroon 5 song?\nMost specially on the first verse and  the guitar before the chorus not the song in gemeral.\nAnd I like it. This is a great comeback song.
Eh. Where did Anna Sun go?....😦
For one second i thought its adam levine
I *REALLY* love this song
I mean I love the song but Nick's weird dancing puts me off sSO muchh
YAS TRENDING
Welcome back guys!!!!!!!!
Loved it!!!!!👍👍👍👍
https://youtu.be/FF2unv6Tmck
最高〜〜〜〜!新曲待ってた(ﾟ∀ﾟ)
Loy
This fenomenal band is baaaack !!! Hell yeah!!
Great song
比伯加油
Omg so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love this song!!!!
I was unofficially hired by Walk On The Moon to supervise and regulate this comment section. I expect obedience and respect. Any bad words against them and they would probably authorise me to use force.... forceful words. So carry on about your business, i'm looking for the trouble makers.
Way better than It's Everyday Bro! Also here before 200K!
Before 1 Mil views squad!
Thank you. That's all
I've given you everything, all the joy could bring, this I swear.... ooops wrong song!
That sean paul line tho, LOVE THIS SONG!!
So I'm suppose to believe that this lead singer is straight? Because I am very disappointed by this news.
i was 11 when i listen quesadilla for the first time and since that i really liked walk the moon. now i'm almost 14 anD I WAIT TOO MUCH FOR RHIS
so which type of direction is this??
sounds likeme what a moderm Erasure would sound like, which is a massive compliment
I really don't like this song and I'm not sure if it's because it's a bad song, or if it's because Talking is Hard is so good I have to high of expectations.
New hairstyle for every album?
FREAKIN' AWESOME!!!!!!!
Love it! Is it too early to say I'm already looking forward to a remix?!
The video was good, but I miss the homemade ones.
I guess I'll have to search the album for some actual pop rock.  This electropop obsession that bands have had the past few years is really disappointing.
Pretty sure I heard the Aquaman riff in there???! <3 <3 <3
They have kind of OneRepublic vibe in their music. \nBoth of them are great bands .
💙
this blessed my ears
Love it!!!
so. good. holy. shit.
This is the greatest fucking come-back I've ever seen
yassss the kings are back. i've been waiting for so long 😢
Just amazing!  from Russia with love :))
THE ENERGY IS BACK 😍😍😍
Feeling just great energy...  Keeping on replay <3
T_T I missed them so much
Who's watching in 2017 Anyone?
Its rare to see a band that really enjoy what they do😍
these mans have been serving nothing but great music since the beginning
Idk. They've been one of my top bands for the longest time. I discovered them back in eighth grade and now six years later I'm not sure if I'm looking forward to their next album. I just kinda feel like they might blend into all the other EDM type pop bands. I felt like something was always off about TIH like idk it just didn't feel right. Some tracks were incredible while others either felt very cluttered or a bit unfinished. I could never really LOVE this new sound as much as their old one. I could enjoy it very much as some points but in the end it grew a bit tiresome. Of course they can create whatever kind of music they like and I totally respect that. I gotta say though, I'm really gonna miss their old style. Maybe it was the what was to me the drastic change. WTM was the album for chill drives with close friends while TIH delivered those upbeat dance party jams. idk. still fell like im in the limbo of loving the current state of these sooper rad doodz. At least they're experimenting and trying new things. That's cool.\n\nThis song though. To me, is pretty bland. I feel like I've already heard this song every other way possible.Yes, we're unstoppable and we'll keep on for what? There's no story, no wordplay, no unique connection to the lyrics. Aquaman and Cone Under the Covers were my favorites from TIH because the lyrics reflected off of the atmosphere created by the instrumentals.\n\nAquaman had those awesome 80's effects blending nicely with the tropical-esque beat. There's the water representing the relationship jump that maybe those involved are afraid to take. The metaphors about diving in and seeing if you'll float are just so clever and romantic as heckk. The bridge is like come on we can do it just trust me. Then the key change is the jump into what they we're afraid of. They realize that it's better than anything they could've possibly imagined. So so good.\n\nCome Under the Covers starts with a low hum setting a scene up. as the song progresses, more layers are added, building the tension and establishing that there's something that's going to separate the two lovers. This is the last time they can be together. The chorus explains how this separation is something they can't stop. The bridge shows how close they've grown and how it's uncanny how good they are for each other. The breakdown really stresses how bittersweet the whole experience has been.\n\nIdk. I just hope that they have something else in store besides (this is harsh) forgettable edm anthems. Which wasn't the case for Shut Up and Dance. That one just got overplayed. Best of luck to these guys though. Most likely still buying the album. Whoo Hoo! WALK THE MOON FOREVER WWWAAAAHHHH IM lowkey HYPE though
If this is a taste of their next album it's gonna be a good one.
This is the best year for music I swear
Goddamn it, Walk the Moon. I can't find my weave again!!! Is there a new album coming!!??
nicholas's new look makes me feel things
This song is everything and more us fans could have possibly asked for ❤️ This band's energy and passion always leaves me smiling and so happy.
The songs starts off with a pop style like some edm song but when he hits the lyrics it sounds much like a indie pop and then comes the mixture of both indie and edm. His voice is best voice for a song like this. The song in all has a different vibe which I love.
ame la edición del vídeo! ❤😍
Bardziej obcisłych spodni nie miał ,  i ta gitara, bardzo męska !!! hahah  dla mnie to pedały
He looks  good
I love this I pretty much watch this everyday!
Congrats on trending!!
today is my birthday can i get atleast 50 likes
*ERROR.EXE* file name: crazy lady not found. *Waves machete and handgun* FILE FOUND.
44 years of lesbian rage.
Can someone tell my right ear what happened?
That's what happens when you don't get dick since Scarface was in theaters
That’s a big ugly bitch
From the look of her bent nose, somewhere there is someone who was sick of her shit.
😂😂😂 that lady was not thinking at all. Especially with the crack of the ass though. Man someone should have told her to pull up her pant. She needs a hug 🤗 a big one.
This is why we should all have guns so that when we have a bad day or just feel like it. Whip it out in anger and try to cause mayhem
I wonder why the police didn't come shooting? I find this so ironic
What the left is all about.
This bitch is not scary what so ever, even with a machete or gun
Should have shot her.
All the conservatives talking about how shes the crazy liberal but theres terrible people on both sides you guys have alex jones
We will never forget these words.... YOU WANNA FUCKING GEH STAHBBED?!!
That's a star.
Ugh. News is so misleading. That's not a machate...It's a kukri.
This bitch is crazy 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 tf is wrong with her eyelinerrr sisssss
Just an actor paid by the Kardashians to make the show more exciting... If it was a black guy cops would have stormed in minutes and shot him dead.
I'm quite divided on this situation. At first, it seems she's somewhat reasonable, like she wants to kill the Kardashians (or at least protest them) but then she's on the side of advocating communism, so then I'm thinking, no way can I fucking stand such a bitch. All that could please me was her ass hanging out of her pants, but to then turn and look at her nasty dog growl face just killed my boner. I mean, who knows, probably a paper bag over her head could suit this deranged specimen of the festering anus of the United States that is California. But that voice sounds like an elderly woman who had a bit too many smokes growing up, so imagining porking a pussy that reeks of smoke and spoiled mayo isn't what I probably would even sign up for. She might be willing to protest Bush's war campaign against 9/11 if she lived near DC, if that's up her alley way.
I hide my crack in that crack, 🙏
That's a nice kukri to be threatening the kardashians
Hillary supporter in a nutshell
Cocaine's a hell of a drug
Where's the police? I bet if this was a black woman they would have had the entire damn military in the streets but a white woman? Nah lets just laugh and point the cameras.
Somebody should have put that ugly ass b**** down right there
How much did the kardashians pay her to get their names trending on Youtube
Her buttcrack was what caught my attention
I swear camera people could have a gun pointed at them and they wouldn't care. Idiots are waiting to die, hope that fat Latin whale gets sent back to her natural habitat. This shit ruins actual whale watching
She stabbed the ish out that window
Let's go film that girl with a machete who could probably stab us
I don’t like these bitches either at this bitch is Trying to kill da Kardashian lol
Feminism is cancer  and  liberalism is a mental disorder
How about all sides just stop the unnecessary comparisons...if EVERYONE wanted to be the better (more mature) person, we'd live in a much better society, but no, everyone has to continue the petty cycle
Hey i got that KBAR. Pretty sweet it cuts down trees pretty easy.
Learn How to Throw Real Fireballs>>> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fSYrE83nls
That crack is bigger than the Grand Canyon.
cover up that crack lady 😂
I literally would have walked up and smacked her and took her cheap Walmart machete away from her..
Cracked out kardashian killer with her crack out. America 2017
She needs to get laid my goshhhh
Yea, killing people is nice and all, but have you ever had Mac and Cheetos?
That's actually a Kukri
Why would you follow her? You trying to get shot for views? 😒
First of all who gave herbs undertale Jacket
Why is her eyeliner on upside down
Is that lorde? I'm pretty sure that's lorde
Cnn: this is obviously trump's fault for inciting violence
Lol!! The only thing that scared the shit out of me, is that ugly butt crack sticking out of her pants..
this isn't news, this is just another feminist with daddy issues
How the fuck did she get a handgun?
I was there not long ago ☺
My new American idol!
I see her point people idolize the Kardashians and it gets sicking that was going to far with the threats but still I see where she is coming from
The liberal communists are worse than cancer The plague to the United States
Where is a Dodge when you need one?\nCops could show up and pop her, and the only one crying over it would be her cuck boyfriend
Someone forgot to take their happy pills.
She’s just on her period guys..
If she likes Cuba so much she should move there
When they raise the price on twinkies
LIBERALS ARE TERRORISTS PLEASE PASS IT ON
lol lucky for her she was in the yuppie state of Cali and not Texas but where are the cops? and yes fuck the Kardashians.
Ha...Plumbers butt
Who hurt her
“...communist territory...”\n\nLMAO
Antifa members are funny.
FAKE NEWS
Undertale sweater??
Thats one ugly bitch
She needs some dick
build the walll
Poor lady has problems
Lady needs a blunt ASAP 😂😂😂
Unhealthy gut bacteria
jeez censor her ass crack
Fcking liberals
She must have read Scrotie Mcboogerballs.
*'Merica!!!🇺🇸*
Welcome to africa
Dat buttcrack tho
Cover her butt crack
Crazy bitch
That crack is scarier than that beautiful machete
Yikes she got issues😬
Oooo is she single?
Nice crack lady
Ass out, machete out
that crack.
That ass crack kills
Women. Bitch looks like a biker
Probably answered a craigslist add...
BUTT CRACK 😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨
Id smash😳
Hahahahahahahahahahaaahahhahahahahahahha its funny Bec she's stupid :)
Cocaines a helluva drug
wtf whata freak
Look at that cavernous buttcrack.
Crack kills yo
Wtf
Kick her ass seabass
She needs a snicker bar🍫🍫
🚨 I CAN'T EAT ANYMORE LASAGNA!🚨  What is one food you couldn't live without? Let me know down below.\nWanna indulge in more Life Noggin? Click here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8L0MzSk_V6LtaKh-Eqj7Cs4Tmf5iQPx4
It's coke it's soda but damn it's taste so good
I could not live without pumpkin pie
Hey blocko make a video if we never studied what would happen
This is a really good channel because it makes you learn a lot
My mom had stomach cancer but with her golblatter cuz of too much salt
please tell me why it rains everytime its my birthday\nmy birth day is Jan 12\nand yes im 10 ._.
This is how i finna kill myself
Life noggin, you are awesome I watched lots of your videos
I got an ad for binge eating disorders
A food I can't live without is muffins
Next, you should do the science of 3D maneuver gear from aot
Who made god? Then who made him
I would like to die while eating too much pizza it seems like a nice death
If another planet entered the goldilocks zone
When will sports ever end?\nJust a suggestion
can you brush your teeth to much or what would happen if you never did
You mean what if I kept eating fast food or fruits and veggies?
I cant live without my favorite thing to consume... BLEACH!!!
We would get fat no duh
Hey what would happen if you lived under water for the rest of your life.  Pls  answer
Butter chicken. I always dreamt about me being in a pool full of butter chicken but now I realise that if I would stay in that pool, it would burn my ass😂😂😂 but it's something I always dreamt of n felt happy😂😂😂
If apes evolved to humans then can humans evolve to apes
Can u do a video about horoscopes?
Hi, blocko can you please answer my question “what if you never neede to charge anything “
limit your sugar and you'll be ok. Sugar sucks so bad, more than you think.
i cannot live without fried chicken
That is not true, my mom says I blow up because of it! My mom is never wrong...
Video suggestion: what if we only ate boogies
What if the sun didn't emit sunlight in the moon?
I wouldn't mind if one food disappeared, I think that I could live well with the other food.
I  cant LIVE without brain power and KNOWING. If I stop watching your videos I might as well kill myself :P But if I had to say what my fav food is it is probably... CLAM CHOWDER XD Its a soup if your wondering
I am mud fat...I was born this way.Many people are.Yet people judge.But Idc .I cannot gain or loose...Maybe a little a few months.Nothing bad.
I have an idea do a video on why a lot of people are addicted to their phones
Let's be serious none of us can't stop eating when we hungry AF
Fat people are just sickening and should not be allowed in public. Fucking pigs.
Can u do about the immune system
Hey. Here to drop in and say some suggestions for upcoming videos!\n\nWhat would happen if your diet only consisted of tomato sauce?\n\nHow would we communicate in the future?\n\nWhat time do scientist's think is an accurate bedtime?\n\nWhat jobs will there be in the future?\n\nIf a zombie outbreak were to happen what would really set it off?\n\nHope you like these questions and anyone scrolling through, feel free to leave your questions down bellow.\n\nStay hydrated! ;)
I can't stop eating macaroni
Can you answer this question? What would happen if you only drank fizzy drinks and never had water?
you'd be fat
Soup and one thing that bugs me (makes me mad) is that we have a dwarf planet and no one knows it. I watched loads of solar system videos and the dwarf planet used to be kinda like Earth but it had no humans probably aliens but make a video about it google it it called Pluto please I love you life noggin don't ignore me.
I love salty food. I'm sure that says something about my body and what I'm lacking or whatever, but I can't afford to know otherwise, so I'm just going to keep eating my salty af sunflower seeds.
Do a video on sleep paralysis.
I eat spoonfulls of peanut butter in my room too\n\n\n\nYour not alone, blocko
2:56 Grandma please. I said I was full!
I hate my life now...
It would be my Grandma's Spaghetti
Hey you should do a video on ehhhmmmm\n\n\n\n\n\nWHat HapPens wheñ white p0eple watCh xxxtentacion-Look at me (Official Video)
*I'm watching this while drinking a slushee and eating a bacon cheeseburger lol*
Honestly potato’s. French fries, mashed potatoes, baked potato’s, potato chips. \n\n*I AM A POTATO*
Let's talk about next Monday what if it's raining acid in 1 day?
couldnt you eat too much iron and die?
I couldn't live without pasta :I
Thanks for this, now I know how much to eat and how much to not eat (dose not make sense) I know u still need to eat! U could die for not eating and turn super skinny and die of no food, or u could die of diabetes, stay in the middle a healthy but balanced relationship with your meals snacks and food!
Can you make a video about How fast will technology upgrade with world Peace?
I copied  this\nM.A.T.H\n\nMENTAL\nABUSE\nTO\nHUMANS
When is the second coming of jesus
Make a video saying wat we should eat daily
How does ADHD work? I have it
What if water was lighter than air
Can you do smth related to growing tall?
Please don't use the food pyramid.
Video starts at 0:00
PIZZA
ILLUMINATI!!!
All junk food
Dry meat
Water
mcdonald's
Tacos and Apple Juice
#BlockosGrandmaGivesTooMuchFood
I love pizza!!
*I'm hungry.*
Pizza
You get dibits
Sushi
Rice
PIZZA PIZZA PIZZA!!!!
I have osteoporosis
I hate lasagna \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYAY LIFE NOGGIN!!!!
cookie dough
Grandparents part so true
Mmmm love my lettuce gotta have it
0:50 lol he looks like cubfan
I love your v
i cant live without french fries
Fries
2:57 OMG XD
Chips = Life
Funny video
PIZZA
hungry
Pizza Bagels!!!!!!
I'love vitarela biscuits is my favoret
I CANT LIVE WITHOUT BREAD!!!!!!!!
Pussy.
McDonalds!!!
Suup
spaghetti blognese
I love Victoria. I think she is such a classy lady but I struggle to find her personality. On interviews she is constantly talking about David or her kids but very little about herself. In this interview she was asked about her favourite music but she replied with what her kids listened to and went on blabbering about it. I know she loves her kids like every mom does but I wish she opened up more about herself rather than talking about David and kids all the time. It makes her look like her only achievement till now is she married a famous guy and had kids with him.
The very first time i saw Victoria spoke in casual but still glamorous!!,
This was such a good video!!
Really enjoyed this interview. VB seemed comfortable and relaxed. Sam and Nic do great interviews. Products are backordered in the US, but I will look on my next UK and or NYC trip.
Can't finish this video, Victoria's line just doesn't seem original, and it's very overpriced. Plus she's not really answering the questions and the rearranging of her dress to show off her legs. Aye, I'm done.
Great Video Sam and Nick! You three appeared as if you were friends forever. So good to see the products also, I'm tempted to try out the mascara definitely if not anything else.
Really loved this video, so chatty and relaxed, you ladies did an amazing job and Victoria seemed very comfortable too. Xxx
Awesome!! I think I may do an impression of Vicky x
I love this so so muchhhhh 💜
The most wonderful interview, loved every minute of this - felt so natural and relaxed, and Victoria is AMAZING! I feel like I've never really heard her speak at length before and she was so warm and genuinely lovely when you were talking about your kids Nic, and she's clearly so passionate about this collaboration. Wonderfully done by all involved!
Victoria is so natural and down to earth. LOVE HER!!!!!!
Nic. Girl. Please. you gotta lay off putting the contour and blush too far into the interior of your face. Otherwise you just keep on being awesome ❤️
Twilight teaser was a Rimmel  lipstick  I had one!
Thanks for the interview girls! Three amazing women!!!!!!❤️🌺
Although I have watched many video's reviewing this new product line, I appreciated the personal and authentic interaction with the creator. Very nice.
Loved this video!! I could watch you three all day💗😁
Hands up if you're going to watch This Is 40 right now
All 3 of you are amazing! ❤❤❤
We love this! Definitely a candid and easy to watch conversation!!
LOVEED THIS VIDEO! So authentic and real!! Keep up the amazing work you guys are doing ❤️
My three role models in one video.....wow!xx
Love how it went soo smooth nothing awkward such nice ppl!❤️
That was a really real interview and it looks like a conversation between friends. Very good job!
£36 for a mascara ... I hope she uses the profit to do something good for the society.
To be honest. I cannot stand her. It is all about her status and proving how posh she is. Constantly showing off how rich she is and how everything must be refined. There is a type of British women like that that are only busy with showing off how perfect they are. When in fact they are insecure, confused and talentless.
Who are those two other women? Is it bc I'm American I don't know who they are? 🙈
omg she is so all selfcentred it is painful to watch! boooooooring!
VICTORIAAAA!!! I love this video! So amazing to see you gals with her. Thank you for doing this, it was so nice to watch. I can't really afford her makeup, but if i would buy something from her line, I'd get the powder. Love that product even if I haven't tried it yet. Haha!
Sam you look absolutely stunning in this. I love your whole outfit ❤️
Good job girls, this felt really chilled and fun. Love a bit of posh spice! xx
Victoria is dull as dish water borrrrrrring
She got the OBE in
amazing video loved it x
I love this video!! Thanks for interviewing Victoria!!
This is by far my favourite video of Victoria. She seems super relaxed with  Sam & Nic! Loved this interview x
So casual Victoria is really lovely lady 👑✨
Loved this and love you two!
Excellent. Casual and so classy . All three ladies are so  beautiful. Great role models for women . really enjoyed watching this.
Look at them...listening Like they care.good job!!
Loved this so much, one of the best interview I've seen with VB, it came across very natural. Well done ladies! Loved hearing about the products too, it looks like a beautiful collection. xx
I wonder if the Stygian gloom was a request from Victoria, so the viewers can't see her properly. Couldn't watch to the end, I'm afraid, on account of this and her facade. I don't have any aspirations to buy her collaboration with Ester Lauder.
I LOVED this! So lovely to see a nice chat instead of a scripted advert!
I never knew Victoria was friendly as she always seemed snobbish.
Oh gosh, her makeup is way to expensive,  there is better and  way cheaper makeup out there, I can't stand her,what a joke!!she thinks she is high class!!
Are these make-up products only available in the U.K.?
Amazing ❤️
Well done, nice interview
She seems unable to just answer questions , royalty eh !!!!!
I love Victoria!!! Great interview! Thanks :)
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
I really like the lighting in this video. I have an app on my phone to make the screen even darker because youtubers always over expose. My eyes are very sensitive to light. Lovely having a dark video to look at, much more soothing.
Beautiful lighting and wonderful interview ❤️ thank you ladies ✌🏼
Boys wear make up too.. just sayin' ✌🏼
OMG I love all their accents! 😍😍😍😭😭
It was really  nice to see Victoria so relaxed and at ease. She was very kind and lovely. I wish the lighting would've been a bit better and that we could see the products more up close though! Thank you so much for this wonderful interview!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Nic, your nail colour is AMAZING. May I ask what you have on? Love your videos ladies! xxx
Oh, how I love this British accent... Can listen to you for hours :-D
LOVE how she swerves the beauty icon question. Because she is her own beauty icon!!! 🙌🏼💁🏻
Love Sam and Nic, love Victoria! Fab, inspirational ladies 🌹❤️
So happy to see this! I know she's promoting her products but she really is an interesting and hard working lady. To have a solid marriage, lovely children and such success in the fashion and beauty industry and look so amazing all the time! You two smashed it! xx
Such a joy to watch!
This is incredible, girls. Loved this chat, so casual and felt natural, I loved watching it! x
When I went to Buckingham Palace to get my OBE, I wore this blue over black liner... more interesting. oh, please...
LOVE you Vicky!! Def going to support my girl and have ordered some of the collection, its had such great reviews. Really enjoyed watching you 3 girls talk, can't wat for more #pixiwoochats
i love victoria beckham so much!!!! just wish her collection wasn't with estee lauder...
I'm pretty sure Victoria always decides which side she sits on.
I think that Victoria Beckham is absolutely fabulous and a all-around Class Act. I do wish that not all (or nearly all) questions led back to makeup, but hey, this is what the interview was supposed to be about.:)
Love you all and i love Victoria make-up collection stunning to look at. Xxxxxxx
WAIT I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WERE TWO OF THEM wtf
Blooming love the women!! Yes she smiles, yes she is nice! Big fan ❤️
Really enjoyed this interview!!! Never seen Victoria look so at ease, lovely nice to see.\nLove the sound of the mascara too!\nWill have to purchase if its anything like my holy grail sumptuous extreme 😍
Best footage of Victoria Beckham by far. Relaxed, fun, natural.
Weird. Didn't answer the first question on the first makeup product she ever purchased but then goes on to say that in the first meeting with EL there was an entire table of makeup she has collected since being a child. 🤔
Three of my favourite women ❤️
Haha heather shimmer I had that too
Tatis's jealous
loved it! :D
Ahh Heather Shimmer! Remember that well!
My idol
Absolutely loved this!!!!
Fabulous \nAuthor Keera Ashton !
I love their brushes
Love love love this interview!
I loooved this interview!!!!
Style icon=V's grey shadow. WTF?
Why so much nose touching?
Creepy thumbnail!
Omg guys!!! Love love loveeeeed this
What a gorgeous video! 💙❤💙
Heather shimmer yes!
#goals
Love you all!
Love this video!
hmmm she's got a pre-rehearsed answer for everything. I get you have to prepare stuff before interviews but just saying things to hit those promotion marks and not actually answer the question seems disingenuous to me.
Has nic had a breast reduction? Would love to see a vid on her experience if so...!
Three of my favorite ladies! I adore Victoria Beckham and her designs. I especially love when you talked about your kids!
ME, ME, ME 🙉 I'm not going to answer any questions properly and I'm just going to talk about MY products 😴 BORING! 👎🏻
Wonderful interview! Victoria is such a classy woman, I love her style and she seems really down to earth too
Nick my love did you really have your hair like that to meet Victoria and I think your makeup regret will be all that highlight!!
i've seen your interview with kim kardashian and victoria is so modest and humble and so nice person after kim❤️culture and intellect is everything
Do you think god stays in heaven because he to fears what he created
Damn, girl. That's a rape fantasy. Emma Clark is not a woman.
you should make more terrible book reviews. it excited me in my belly. hahahaha
Spoilers: The giant Porg unzips itself to reveal a grinning Rich Evans.
Sounds like good book. Something to live by\nI'm taking over your channel baby girl .
Try Ruin and Rule by Pepper Winters for really really bad book
ur are a stegosaurus\n\n(I will never hurt you)
As much as I enjoy your content..THIS! This was a hard watch because of the cringe factor.
You are planning on doing the rest of the trilogy right? I sure hope so
You should sell audiobooks where you read terrible books.  You know, with commentary.
I thought the troll book was going to be a twilight version of that Troll 2 movie... something is horribly wrong with me XD
Hey Jenny. Where'd you get the bedspread/pillow set from? MTFBWY.
I had a horrible time, thanks for asking. Lol. Troll is a Strange book. You should read milked at her uncle's farm. Heard that one is a good one to review hahaha
I need everything on the bed....except that book.
Omg i think i want to marry you.
His cunning plan was to gain her trust... by BREAKING INTO HER APARTMENT.
Get yourself Empress Theresa, might be the worst book ever.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TedsiCaV2B4
My brothers name is justin and he's an arrogant asshole psycho. He's done legit awful things to our family. If I got a call from the police telling me that he'd murdered his girlfriend, I wouldn't be surprised. I've never met a nice justin. Ughhh. Justins
Look up the Matched book series. It's awful
Judge Adkins is the most relatable character in this book.
Pretty much sums up my life\n Lol\n ;  )
I loved the Daredevil movie, both versions. :-D
This is amazing, this is the first video that i have seen of yours and i love it I'm sticking around
Hey Jenny\nHELL-o, I dreamt about you! I dreamt I cheated on my girlfriend with you. I\ndon´t want to cheat on my girlfriend with you, and you sort of looked like a\nmix of a bunch of different gals I´ve found myself attracted to in my life, but\nthe core was you, or your online persona anyway. You project a\nreally asexual vibe, but also really intimate and soft, sitting on the bed\nsurrounded by plushies, talking about star wars and such, such a fangless world\nof illusion and massive, emptying malls you seem to inhabit, Disneyland...\nAnyway, we were in a room similar to my room, with a window overlooking a\ngarden, a big window at night, and the thrill was really in playing this game\nwhere I was seducing you, but you were clearly on-board from the\nstart. There was no dumb coy aspect present, I was being very\ndirect about it, but there was humor in the air. I have to tell you my\ngirlfriend is SOFT, on a tactile level, my mind just ran those sensations when\nI slid into your mouth (it´s the internet, I know it´s not impressive to write\nthings like this, shut up, I´m not trying to impress you). I mean, I know I\ndon´t really know you, and I don´t want to cheat on my girlfriend lol, I´m not\ntrying to harass you or impress you, it was just a really vivid dream and I\nmean, \n\nIt was a\nreally mutual, sort of childish, innocent sequence of acts. Then the dream\nbecame a Fanny and Alexander Christmas thing and you weren´t in it\nanymore, just a bunch of spoiled rich kids asking for blueberries in a huge,\nthick comforting wooden kitchen table. I just thought this would be fun to\nwrite, and, hopefully, fun to read.
Geez, that book does sound really awful indeed. The expressions while reading it made me scared to read it myself. That's hilarious the idea of giving books nobody wants as gifts ha,ha. Love your work Jenny. Inspiring and positive energy you bring to this planet.
You need to do audio books with your honest commentary, that would be the best! lol
showed up randomly on my feed. pretty hilarious
Bring back your bad book club series! The one where you and your friends all read chapters of that terrible YA book. Man I wish I'd thought of that idea first.
It's just Justine
I'm four minutes in and this is already such a wild ride.
it's just a shame that you also found out how to YouTube. 🤔
Be honest, Emma Clark is your pen name.. don't try and hide it!
I mean your bed suit
Justin whipped out a submachine gun and poised it beside his devilish head.\n\nHow does this author think guns work?
Jenny has a Porg. But the real question is what exactly is a Jenny :P no but seriously whats a Porg?
Emma Clarke is clearly someone who pictures themselves as Justin
You sexy woman, talk those words to me
You gotta check out Emma Clark's other book Thor's Other Hammer. For real, that is a thing that exists.
The story must be really bad cause I zoned out. I just noticed that I didn't pay any attention when the video was over.
If you want really amazingly weird books, look into the books by Calton Mellick III.  The titles alone make them worth giving as gifts.
Do they let you bring Porgs to Hogwarts?
This seems positively mundane when you know about the erotica about women having sex with dinosaurs.
The worse book is the Bible, not because is bad, but because they doNOT have the logo that says, this books events are not real, they fail to tell people that is only fictional intended to educate people, and also because it has been manipulated with an intentional wrongful translation, because faith was used before as referencing intelligence not the belief in god, who doesn't exist, only man kind exists and all of you are bio-computers
This is really great. Would you ever consider doing a reading of the infamous SF story The Eye of Argon by Jim Theis?
I love when you make longer videos!! This was awesome - I'd love to see you review more awful books!
Eww....... That's weird... Seriously. I'm sorry but I ain't that TYPA BITCH (slapslapslapslapslapslapslap)
giant plushy with the dead eyes is LOOKING RIGHT INTO MY SOUL!!
What if... this entire book was the troll, on YOU?
Don't read the sequel Troll 2
so this is like Liza's book?
The song was Only You.  clever, huh?
its the worst book because he knew where the toilet was. feel like he did all this just because he hates public restrooms? ._.
See if you can find a copy of Night Travels of the Elven Vampire. Preferably with the original cover, which was a poorly photoshopped picture of Orlando Bloom.\nhttps://www.amazon.com/Night-Travels-Elven-Vampire/dp/1413700659/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_product_top?ie=UTF8
Have you not seen the Twilight films? those are the most messed up abusive relationship films I've ever seen. Didn't stop the genre of crappy romance, vampire or teen drama though.
It's a well known fact: 21 year old women love the sexually potent madmen.  It's why Latverian monarch, Doctor Doom,  gets all the babes.
E R Davis Primer. Check it out! In the interest of self published books that are pretty good.
There are ways to write scary/bad romances....this is not any of those.... At all..\nI want to burn my eardrums
The realistic depiction of getting kicked in the crotch makes me believe that this is most likely written by a guy.
Like a Joseph Conrad novel. Truly a trip down the dark river into the jungles of madness.
Yep, his first message is trolling, fooling would be catfishing.
Wow.  You should do more reviews of horrible books.
It's okay, Jenny, you can admit that you're Emma Clark.
You are amazing. You truly are a marvel.
Holy Jesus, this is fantastic! I'm so glad you exist. I hope, because of this review, this book becomes NYT best seller. This had to have been written by a 17 year old that subjects her creative writing class to her 'dolphin poetry'. To her advantage, her mom and english teacher get hard reading her chaste, Christian un-porn. My mom loves shitty romance novels but I think even this is just too fucking terrible for her to read and she WILL read gods damn near anything. Thank you so much for sharing this with the world because the 'mainstream media' won't tell us that there is great 'art' like this out there. Gods this is shit. Also, Jenny, you are 100% correct. There is nothing romantic about the antagonist's actions and the protagonist's actions are inexplicable. It seems like this was written by a socially retarded 30 year old male that has never actually had a real conversation with a female or, as Jenny suggested, a mid-west, 48 year old pastor's wife and mother of 7 that's trying to remember what sex was like before her vagina became a clown car.
Im almost sure i could read that book in shorter time that this video is lol
The trolling bit is where you buy this book.
Love your sweater! Where did you get it?
LOL, it's just Justin.
Is it already Halloween in America?
Seems like red-piller pick-up-artist incel power fantasy porno.
Hi
Is that a Sonic Hello Kitty?\n\nTime to unsubscribe.
It's not necessarily a thing that needs to be done, as being quiet is by no means a bad thing. But it's nice to see you be a little more loud and out there about a thing your talking about in a video. Either way, I love your stuff. Keep it up!
Now I'm tempted to leave a trolling comment on the off chance it might make Jenny say ooooh, go on, and give her some sexual feelings in her tummy.\n\n(LoL gross, I feel so dirty for even putting the words tummy and sexual in the same sentence)
Once in high school I heard that one of the seniors wrote a book and that it was actually on sale. I was impressed until I was told that it was self published and that it was something about cellphones. I think it was a romance idk. One of my friends read it and said it was a John Green ripoff.
Porg looks like he's  (she, it?) has settled in nicely. Is he resting on his hand, err fin?
This book was written by a MRA.
Someone call the Red Cross I need humanitarian aid. This book's a goddamn disaster.
There is the fourth option of male pretending to be a women who knows it's creepy and wrong but it's done ironically.
this is amazing please summarize everything in my life
You should do a giveaway, but this book is the prize.
Sounds like a classic text for sure.  Can't wait for book 4,5, and 6.
Great Halloween spirit, nice shirt Jenny.
Where's the Jimmy Scrambles erotic fiction you promised us????
His love for her was like a truck.  Berzerker... indeed.
Read Common Ground by Angie Walthall
Sjw book
Damn, Jenny got patrons like Marvel got credits
RAPE
50 Shades of Cybersex???
What's
Awesome post! Loved it!
i knew my bigger porg theory was right. suck it haters.  #biggerporg
Gagnez Votre Vie Sur Internet http://bit.ly/2xynUuG
open bob
Tummy
That's convenient, that you could disappear for days at a time and no one would wonder where you went\n\nThat's not convenient! That's not convenient at all!!
I'm not so sure of you anymore Jenny...
I've had a girl I trolled and only knew online fall in love with me
Watching Jenny claim her Porg, a dark suspicion entered my mind; could this Porg really be a re-purposed penguin? And what brutal Moreau-ish surgeries might the poor thing have undergone to achieve the transfiguration of its physiognomy? Even a place of honour on Jenny's bed might not be enough to console it after such horrors! 'Not to eat fishes. Not to slide around on our bellies. That is the Law. Are we not Porgs?'
DEAR¶¶¶¶¶MKBHD¶¶¶¶¶¶ I am one of the oldest subscribers in your channel, Why do you never review Huwaei phones, like Huwaei mate 9 or mate 9 pro or even p10 ?
lol bias af! no, not for $1K!
MKHBD, you are the best tech Youtuber of all time!!!
the best smartphone display, I dont know how they keep doing this? Ever think is was because they choose not to rip off their consumers? When you pay $1000 for a phone, samsung gives you the best of the best. Pay $1000 for an iphone, and you get tech from 18 months ago...
Please some one tell me where i can get this wallpaper
It also checks the battery box, several videos and reviews have shown the Note 8 lasting longer than even the S8+ despite its lower battery capacity.
Marques I trust with my tech but im having a gut feeling that most of his reviews are biased and/or paid review. Can anyone tell me if this video at least is his own opinion.
Anyone who says the Galaxy S8 plus is the same as a Note 8  without a stylus obviously got the Note 8 for free and has not really used it as their everyday phone.  MKB obviously is also not trying to step on any Apple or Google toes so he keeps getting their goodies and invites too.
My thinking with the battery is they wanted to take the safe route because of the...hot nature of the previous Note.
the phone runs a lot better when you turn off the animations in the developer settings
this over any iPhone any day
Reviewers have to stop quoting the 1200cd/m² brightness, which is for 1% Average Picture Level and has no impact on real life brightness which is between 50% and 100% APL. At those APL's the Note 8 is just like any other phone and very similar to the LG V30. There is no scenario of phone usage that will ever display 1200cd/m², this is a theoretical value for a picture with 1% white and 99% black - ALL OLED displays can reach super bright whites in that scenario - only DIsplayMate make such useless measurements. Just quote the 100% APL brightness or 50% like most reviewers do. Please.\n\nI am getting fed up of the press relaying nonsense brightness figures without understanding them! If you use your web browser in the sun, the white on a Youtube page would reach at most 500cd/m². Please!!!\n\nFrom the DisplayMate review:\nFor most image content the Galaxy Note8 provides over 490 cd/m2, comparable or higher than most LCD displays in this size class. The measured Brightness on the Home screen is even higher at over 540 nits (note, the home screen has a lower APL and therefore requires less white output).\n\nMeasured Average Brightness at 50% Average Picture Level: 525 cd/m²\nMeasured Full Brightness 100% Full Screen White: 423cd/m²\n\nDon't read the press - go read the DisplayMate review yourself and then quote them correctly. You are misleading viewers.
Well it’s clear now that all this hate for the iPhone x is from the android users, especially since no one seems to be taking the piss out of the price of this....
Surprised reviewers are so caught up in the battery number. Use the phone. I have both the Note 8 and S8 and the Note out performs the S8. It is very efficient sipping the battery. I got mine early (T-Mobile) so playing non-stop with the beast and the battery is excellent. Don't focus on numbers, put it in your hand and use it.
I want the speaker in the background name brand please?
Always great videos, thank you very much for your time 👍🏽
I value your opinion so much more then I value that of your competitors???? And idk why
I can't believe apple has made us pay 80 $ to get fast charging wtf apple bang out of order.
Great review
jbl
Watching it on my note 8
People want amazing battery life, then complain that the phone is too thick. They want a super thin phone, but complain when the battery doesn't last super long.\nQuit pushing for thinner phones, and push for better battery life.
Want to know what's sad? So I got my friend an iPhone 8 for his birthday, he threw it on the ground and said I WANT AN ANDROID! So I got him he note 8 and he threw that on the ground! I said What the heck dude?!!? Then he said  I WANTED A GALAXY S8! He's not friend anymore
This is so not true with the battery statistics he gave, I always have it on 1440p and use it quite a bit and it still gives me 10 hour battery life.
Samsung fanboys don’t care about battery life anymore hahaha that’s funny
Watching this on my Note 8.
i hear not fast
Battery is the reason I got the s8+ over the note last week. Got 6.5 hours of screen on time on the highest resolution. Plus it was only $100 down
How can I get this wallpaper on phone 📱
I'm still using the Galaxy Note 3 !
This is not a $1000 phone ,  i got my from best buy day one $800 plus 360 camara. Iphone x is looking $999 hope there some type of deal if you preorder too.
I SERIOUSLY WATCH THESE VIDEOS JUST TO SATISFY MYSELF! WATCHING/KNOWING ABOUT THEM MAKES ME FEEL SO JOYOUS, CHEERFUL, MY SMILE GOES ALL THE WAY TO MY EARS.\nI REALLY WAIT FOR THE DAY WHEN I'LL HAVE A HEAVY POCKET TO MAKE IT MORE HEAVY BY HAVING SUCH GADGETS...
Google's latest Android One - Xiaomi Mi A1. Can you do a video on it? Quick review/hands on/first impression.
Your reviews are just getting worse.
Annoying BG music. Kindly ignore this in future.
Your 5 pillars miss out one of the most important features: UX. The user experience is directly impacted by the interface. Yes it's not easy to measure, but nevertheless...
i cannot decide between this or LG V30.... I like everything about the V30 (oled now, quad dac headphone, military drop resist) but wish it had 6gig ram.... but found more places took samung pay and the 6gb ram in the note 8, plus the extra samsung stuff... i think note8 in the end where a few days ago I said LG... getting irritated lately that I cant use android pay most places with my pixel
A smartphone is only as good as its battery. The resolution being reduced by default is scandalous. When a phone has enough juice to power itself at max settings and at max load for 24 hours, then I'll spend top dollar.\n\nIt's like being born with a billion dollars, having an arranged marriage to a playboy bunny but you only have a 25 year life expectancy.
What exactly is the color changing thing in the background? Is it a led speaker?
V vvhuuhuhuuhuhhuuuhuhuuuuuhhuuuuuhuhuuuuuhuuhuhuuuuuuuhuhuuhuhhuhhuhhuuhuuuuhuhhuuhhhuhuhhuhuhuhuhuuuhuhhhhuhhhuhhuhuuhuuhuhuhuhuhuhhuhh
Learn to appreciate good things....be unbiased..... don't go ur likings......mkbhd ....fuckoff
Note 8
Subscribed!
The fingerprint reader seems like a minor issue, but I use mine several dozen times a day to unlock my phone. If it's in the middle of the back, like on my current phone (and many others), you can take it out of your pocket and naturally place your index finger on the reader. By the time you look at the display, it's already unlocked. It's just a little bit quicker, but if you consider how often you unlock your phone, it plays a huge part in your overall experience.\n\nFor me, an awkwardly positioned fingerprint reader immediately disqualifies a smartphone, because for real-world, everyday usage, it's way more important than a slightly faster processor, prettier display or better camera. \n\nSame is true for battery life. If it can't last through a day of heavy usage, what's the point of having all these other shiny things that don't work with a dead battery?
Isn't it basically the same as the s8 just .7in bigger
Isn't the note 8 like $900?
Your battery observation etc are spot on.
Got rid of my iPhone 6 for a Note 8 and I think the battery is phenomenal and here's why: I have the OPTION of turning the display from Quad HD to 1080p.  \n\nIf I know I'm going to be at work all day, for 15 hours, which I actually am, I can turn the brightness down to 60% and the display to 1080p and I'll go in to work at 7am and leave work at 11pm with 20-30% battery life left.  That's without ever charging once.  I had to charge my iPhone at LEAST once a day by noon.\n\nI think the battery life is better than it gets credit for.  It's battery life is compared to Apples at a higher resolution AND twice the brightness.  Ofc if you're running this beast at full performance you can't sit there and expect much economy out of the phone...
I'm becoming more and more less tolerant of these blow up jokes YouTubers be making...like it's really not funny,how long are people gonna hold this against Samsung
I remembered my first mkhd video was about the anticipation of the note 3 he said it has ram more than my laptop
Sorry Marques, but this is the first of your reviews that i have seen, where you just miss a major feature! The Dex docking station turns the note 8 into a fully fledged desktop PC. The software design is just incredibly good as anyone at ifa in Berlin can confirm. Dex will be one of the main selling points for getting a Note 8. Sad that you don't even mention it...
Now if only Samsung's Customer service wasn't so crappy.
That JBL speaker looks cool with all that lighting.
its funny that all of the tests shows that it's even better than the S8 in battery life... but you just went and assumed that it is worst because of the less battery capacity
Can anybody tell me icon pack name
I use WQHD+ and brightness is at 50% and I get a full day usage with out a single problem at all people just need to stop saying battery is small and shit for me the battery should be check in your so called 5 pillars and I use the phone regular/medium usage I talk to friends while at work for a few hours 1 hour sometimes 30minutes I text I look at videos here and there and when I get my lunch break the phone is on the entire lunch break forums/youtube/games and still get home with enough battery around the 35-45% what else you want??
Does it overheat as S7/S7 Edge?
My poor ass still rocking a galaxy s6
Your channel is my favorite amongst all I am subscribed for, but sorry to say this: you suck at jokes 😘😂😂😂
told myself if a phone ever got to $700 I won't buy it.
Apple: Yo our phones don't blow up\nSamsung: Sorry can't hear you w/out your headphone jack\nApple: Hey remember when the stylus died oh wait apparently you guys don't \nSamsung: Hey remember when Steve Jobs died!
if you are doing an effort to deal with the decision making of purchasing one by adding an extras category on your checklist might as well add the PRICE FACTOR for affordable or money's worth or deal breaker , in this case VERY EXPENSIVE..just saying
Should value for price be one of the pillers?
I would encourage you to check out some tests done on the battery life, not just take the milliamp rating to review. It actually beats the s7 edge and s8+ in life. I'm not sure how Samsung did it, but they did.
It will get updates for only 2 years. Then it's not worth 1000 Euros.
Gotta have the obligatory D Brand skin plug. Only 2 minutes in this time.
How on earth did this guy get 3hrs of screen on time when other channels are getting 5-6hrs of battery life on max settings lol. Smells like shit
New studio? It has that lamp for which you said that it's for studio B on Snapchat
Its only 849$ fuck you
Yes the headphone jack\nI will buy it any day over Apple\nIf I have the money
Didn't the Mate 9 have dual OIS ? So this isn't the first ...
I would say the S8 Active checks the 5 boxes. Seems like the best choice for an AT&T user and hopefully unlocked soon.
The animation lag you talk about - the stuff that stock android seemingly doesnt have can be taken care of, by going into developer options. \nThe lag is animation, its not actually a lag.
Chuck a nice big battery in this (Come on Samsung, smaller than the S8+??) and include the LG's wide angle camera instead of 2x zoom (Who the heck wants that? Honestly, why? Just why?) and this would be actually worth the bank full of money to buy.
Hey Marques, on an unrelated note, I noticed you haven't reviewed the Motorola G5S Plus. Why's that?
Android people​ Love this phone.  This phone should be $2000 for them. They will buy it.  PLEASE STOP COMPLAINT IPHONE.  IPHONE SHOULD BE FOR OLD PEOPLE RIGHT???
My Note 5 had average battery life the note 4 as well so when did it have great battery life? I easily get through a day with my Note 8 and I don't really see a difference between that and the S8 plus. I prefer the note 8 it's a little wider and easier to type with and the fingerprint reader I find is just fine after a bit with it.
What is going on with that JBL speaker?
Battery life was a weak point for Samsung phones but it has been improved. It’s a bit unfair if you just suddenly make battery life an issue with note 8. \n\nSamsung phones are not perfect but they work great.\n\nI’m not Samsung fanboy. I use both iPhone and Samsung phone.
LG V30 got 2 hours longer than the Note 8 in the Battery test! Crazy
Great review!
Wathing on my gold galaxy note8 it is amazing
I'm not sure how you use your phone, but I'm in the camp that gets what I consider really good battery life. On the different occasions I've had between 8 and 8.5 hours days with between 3 hours 10 minutes and 3 hours 20 minutes of screen on time and was sitting on 50% battery. That's with wifi and Bluetooth always on and connected to my Android wear watch all day. Oh and with the screen resolution maxed.\n\nIt's odd how many are reporting great battery life and others just average battery life. I wonder how differently we are hiding or devices.
My battery in my note 8 is a thousand times better than what my note 5 was. And the back fingerprint scanner is more natural to me because that's where my finger be when I pick it up.
Disagree. With normal use, by end of day, my note 8 is still at 80% battery.  That's freaking amazing.  Your check box is wrong
Power case
wallpaper on the S8?
glass sandwich...not just for breakfast, anymore.
nice design better from iPhone X
nice wallpaper...
Lol the blow up joke 😂 😂 😂
Horrible screen. Displays 16:9 media at the size of a 5.6 phone while draining the battery like a 6 screen. This tall aspect ratio madness needs to stop. Worst thing to happen to the smartphone world in years.
Really, not gonna call out all the UI and software they’ve blatantly ripped off Apple? And best industrial design? Please ... The fact that the fingerprint scanner is in the wrong place is evidence that their industrial design is lacking. Design is how it works, not just how it looks.
I'm getting the Note 8 tomorrow, what do y'all owners think about it?
Lol what a joke, I guess iPhone it is!
love the background what's it called?
I disagree  with you on the battery.  Even with heavy usage everyday the  battery life is better if not equal too the S8. All boxes check for me. The note 8 is a powerhouse.
is that a digital lava lamp in the back...??? what is that?? i need
Disable all the apps your never going to use, remove some permissions from apps, turn off notifications on most apps and then you'll get good 🔋life. All Android phones out of the box are pretty bad. I only use Android so don't call me an 🍎 fan.
this is what keeps me from samsung phones, the battery life is terrible no matter how much you turn things off/battery saver/auto brightness still it sucks. They are great phones but battery is not enough.
I support Lecrae through it all. We're brothers!
Check out God I Love You by Kevin D Jimison! That song is a blessing!
Lecrae should make a remix of this song with Kevin D Jimison on it!
Listen to God I Love You by Kevin D Jimison! Thats my favorite Christian rap song! Kevin D Jimison and Lecrae should collab!
Drop the mic.
KEVIN D JIMISON!!!
i love this song I have every album of lecraes and Ive heard every single song he made and been featured in but this one is fire
Dude the hook scared me. Its so good
If you don't understand the it will be impossible for me to explain it to you n for to comprehend, IF your not filled with the Holy Spirit?
this is fire..secular hip hop, yall better watch out
I WILL ONLY TELL D TRUTH...
Can't wait to see him live in LA!!
how they shot him in the street. SHEESH these facts. 💭💭💭
I love this so much lol 😂
#49 on trending that's a fact. #48 other videos somehow above it that are non-factors
European with that ultra perm & them soft eyes & thin lips! Rollin... 😂😂😂😂😂😂
why does this have 90,000 views and is TRENDING???
GET IT LECRAE! You went hard.
I don't know why but I sense a trip lee vibe in this song lmao , as weird as that is lmao
Hahaaa! At the end of the song you went Gospel Gangsta on'em
That........ I will only tell the truth is annoying.
#laughs.\nI'm almost sure some people actually picture the European Jesus with the ultra perm saying yes to their prayers when they pray.
LeCrae is rockin' that New Era sound on this Song, but he dropped that Fire on the track.
Dang Son. the Critics are Butt-Hurt In This Comment Section 4real
Can't get over this song!
We always knew Elvis stole Black artists' music, some of us just don't wanna deal with the ugliness of that...That era, that genre, and then we pretend it don't exist in 2017! Thanks 🙏🏽 lecrae for being light!
Heard this like 10 times today, too hot
Lecrea you are amazing I can't wait for your next album God bless
A lot of defensiveness, hostility, and divisiveness against the church here. I don't get it.
This track has a Outlast vibe 👌
🔥🔥 check out my reaction/review of the entire ATWT album!!! tell me what you think!
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
💜💣💥..THE DAWN OF A NEW DAY HAS COME BEFORE US WITH AN UNAPOLOGETIC TRUTH.
Why he look like Beatlejuice from Howard Stern in the thumbnail? 🤔
i gues i can go ahead and say this song spits FACTS DEADASS 🅱\n\n\n\n\n\n\nill see myself out.......
best rapper of the world👍💫
Anyone got production credits for this track?
The lyric about Jesus and the liberal/conservative debate. Deep.
I’ve probabaly put 1,000 views on this vid
Lacrae you are smashing it as always brother, keep up the great work. Thanks for this amazing music :D
✊🏾 that was dope! I heard everything man! You do well! (Dbz)
Hey guys I'm an up and coming artist from Austin , Tx and I would really appreciate a listen🙏 also got more on my channel check it out \nhttps://soundcloud.com/nick-mason-39/lonely2\nhttps://soundcloud.com/nick-mason-39/lonely2
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
This one right here is fireeeeeeeee !!! Ringtone ya 2017
#36 Trending but it ain't even 100 K thats facts!!!!!!!!!!
He went in on this
The last part 😂🔥🔥🔥🔥 He spits the whole truth 👑
My son is called Truth. been through a lot as a young Christian Entrepreneur in a 3rd world country. This song sums up all the things i stand for and the main reason why my boy is called TRUTH. He just turned 2 months.
I wish more songs in the album went hard like this.  Too much slow tempo stuff
👍🏾👍🏾
Love it!!
Yo yo
1 to 10? 10
Kevin D Jimison and Lecrae should collab!
Awesome!!!!
EMINEMS NEW ALBUM LEAKED!!!!\n\nhttps://thepiratebay.org/torrent/18639511
Goosebumps 🔥
Ayeeeeeeee
Awesome video !! Subscribe https://youtu.be/RlrxwQHEmfo
👍
is that Iman shumpert
Tight!
50 on trending
RyanLox
Woah! He betta say that!
🔥✊🏾
Wooooooooah!!! Did yall hear what he said! Lol tell em Lecrae!
Sounds like Drake.
Welcome Home Crae. We've been waiting.
hard.🔥💪
Fffffiiiiiiiirrrrrreeeee🔥🔥🔥
SOLID!!!!!!!!
The word play.. mind boggling.. Blessed.. 👌 💪👏👏👏🔥🔥🔥
Drake
🙏💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
soooo good
WOW!!!!! ❤️😃
#50 on trending.
Ft. Drake?,... oh thats just him....
🙌
Snapped
WOW. that was amazing.
Garbage
Lecrae trending !? Let's goooooo🔥🔥🔥\nLet's keep it going
any rappers, singers, artists ect- check my beats if ya gotta minute
💯✊🏾
Top 🔝❤
I love lecraes truth and transparency. He is indeed my favorite artist. And i really could care less who thinks less of him. People say he's changed. I say change is good. Especially if it means you've grown as a person. Keep dropping them gems my guy.
Why listen to a Drake knock off when I can listen to the real deal?
This got the same background beat as back to back by drake 🤔, just little tweaks to sound the flow
You may say, God is sending a warrior into enemy territories to advance the kingdom of Jesus the Christ! All I will say is I pray He truly has his God in place.  There have been so many that has calling themselves as coming up going to cast out demons! And came back whooped! Seven sons of Sceva! Acts 19:11
THISSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MYYYYY GOD!!!!!!! FATHER GIVE ME THE TRUTH TO SPEAK WITH BOLDNESS AND BOLDNESS TO SPEAK THE TRUTH!!!! YEEESSSSSSS!!!!!!
When evolution proves white superiority so you have to pretend to believe in a Sky wizard so you will feel equal
Why is this on trending???? only 60k I can think of way more songs that came out this week that deserve the spot more.....imo
Lecrae, I know you get a lot of criticism, but I appreciated the songs you used to make about God...now it seems to all be about you...as in you trying to express yourself rather than trying to communicate Him
#50 on trending 🔥🔥🔥
Who says hella in a Christian song?
stupid coon
Did he say pork rinds? ... 😱 Leviticus 11:7 & Deutronomy 14:8 Pork Rinds are abominable. #SpeaktheTRUTH  (don't just be a hearer!) #BeADoer
So blasphemous,repent and ask The Lord  Jesus Christ in your hearts and let him take control over your life. Give your soul to him b4 it's too late. His hand is always out all you have to do is accept him. This is satanic puppets. The devil will deceive,lie,manipulate, & lead you into eternal Damnation. God gave his only begotten son for all of us. I am a proud Christian standing up for what I believe in. God is the only way to everlasting life. God bless each and E1 of you my brothers and sisters threw Christ. Hate to me will be ignored and simply be prayed for.
Love Maggie! Dresses like the 90's, but sings current genre songs!
and she said she would take a break after this song comes out....
My favorite from her so far!! Speaks to my heart
Inlove with this song 😭😍💗 AMAZING HAPPY
LOTS OF GREAT NEW FEMALE SINGERS WITH GREAT VOICES LIKE THIS.
I still want to take Maggie out for ice cream.
I LOVE THIS DROP OF SUNLIGHT GOD BLESS UR EXISTENCE
Somebody should send this to Lissie... could be just 2 sisters... \nI like Lissie stuff and i know Maggie material since a year or so... but Maggie seems the most talented of the pair (i know i know i'm kinda cruel)
DAMN THIS IS JUST INCREDIBLE!! LOVE LOVE LOVE..
I think I'm in love with her kinda crazy
I can see all night you've been on split stones\nTrying to make it so we could play loud\nPicking at our souls like we didn't notice\nLike we were only playing with the sound\n\nTrying to control what was so low, but\nI never knew how then to just go and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I'm not saying I would always speak up\nThat it didn't creep up on me all the time\nI'm just saying there was a window\nWhere you could've let go in that place and time\n\nLaughing all it off like it was innocent, oh\nAll I ever wanted was to get rid of it and let it out\nLet it out\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\n\nAnd I could see us there, you staring at me\nAnd me just praying for it\nI could see us there, standing cheek to cheek\nAnd counting week by week\nWishing everything would be clear\nI could see us there\nI could see us there\n\nBut if you could fight, if you could choose\nIf you could say all the things you wanted to\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nIf you could cry, if you couldn't sleep it off\nIf you could feel everything you've ever caused\nIf you couldn't lie\nIf you would only move like you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose\nLike you had something to lose
This song is amazing!
Amazing talent. Fell in love with her when I first heard Alaska. She does her thing without worrying about what anyone thinks about her. She's perfect
NEW MUSIC FROM MAGGIE OH MY GOSHHHHHHH
The North Face ad brought me here!
I had to sit through a 30 sec ad for this. \n\nIt was worth it.
Anyone here because of the North Face Ad?
is she not perfection?
So in love with this and Maggie!
Finally new music from Maggie. Gonna go ahead and replay this 7 million times.
Her recording style is so refreshing. It's clear that she puts some serious time and effort into these songs.
I heard this on a north face ad and I had to look it up loll
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmKkRhPuhVF660P54QdeGeQ
1:06 her sunglasses came off lol
such a free spirit
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
I'm sorry, it's a beautiful video and song, but IM TERRIFIED FOR HER SUNGLASSES BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE THEY FLEW OFF HER FACE AND INTO THE OCEAN.
You are like the coolest woman on earth.
I’m sorry, but this song is generic crap.  It sounds like so much else out there. I’m disappointed. Maggie is better than this.
Another bop and a half from my fave 🎉
I love her so much
Love you Maggie hope I can meet you one day.
I regonised Amsterdam and Rock Werchter \m/. I see that you had a great time. I enjoyed both shows and I hope you will be in the neighborhood again someday.
I love her shes such a babe
Maggie the type of girl you wanna be best friends with
21 people will never know what it feels like to Slit Stones!
I would have expected far more than only 22k views.
I’m in Love 😍
amazing song. imagine her on a dope ass edm song or techno...\n\nupdate: heard the chorus drop. nice work
SO IN LOVE WITH THIS! SO IN LOVE WITH MAGGIE!
She has come up with yet another beautiful song and video,I'm sure here in England it won't be a appreciated,it's a great shame she doesn't get the recognition she deserves over here.
I haven't even watched it yet but I love it
Just heard this on Spotify’s “New Music Friday,” and really liked it. Consider me a new fan
Anybody notice her glasses fly off at 1:05?
...the word lithe comes to mind\nand then after lithe - as if\nout of nowhere - the word \nlithe appears as does the word \nlithe but more than anything\nit's the word lithe that really\nhits home even before \nthe word lithe comes to mind\nps\nmeaning definition & etymology of the word lithe:\n1. elasticity of limb\n2. contortion of the human frame\n3. corporeal ecstasy \nIt was first discovered in Easton, America (25/4/1994)\n& more recently in Amsterdam Netherlands (2/3/2017)
10 mio views in one month ✌️ If you could feel 😜
Please come to Brazil! ❤
it would like a better video clip but Split Stones sound great :)
I have been waiting so long for another video. Thank you. Such an amazing talent. I swear, I dance the same way. Hands in the air, without a care in the world. Keep spreading your love, positive energy and amazing music. We can't get enough.
1:07 yeah does sun glasses are dead for sure
I love you, from Venezuela 🇻🇪❤️
AHHH she played this live at Glasto! Thank god there's a music video now :)
Hell yeah I'll watch an ad for Maggie
you👏🏻deserve👏🏻so👏🏻much👏🏻more👏🏻recognition.
I love this video. It makes me want to be Maggie's friend so we could go adventuring and be goofy together. 😊
Thank you for the new content, I love your music so much it gives me all the feels
HERE FROM THE NORTH FACE COMMERCIAL AHAHA
Say what you want about her but she puts her heart into everything she does and makes AUTHENTIC music which is rare nowadays, the world will want more of her now, and it deserves it
I see some of Hamburg :)
I can't stop listening. This is my 25th time that play it. It is so fucking good.
liked it even before the video started :')
I love this video Maggie!  It's so fun and happy!!  It made me smile super big!!
The full embodiment of freedom from the limitations of genre. A free spirit that flies in the face of conventional wisdom. Thanks!
She looks like every girl on queen street Toronto
Amei, melhor cantora de 2017, vem para o Brazil Maggie ( Come to Brazil, Maggie, I love you. )  ^^❤❤❤
<3 maggie killing it
The beat reminds of 1998 by maxo kream
<2
IN LOVE
💙💚💛💜  from Taiwan
folk gang, gang gang
YASSS QUEEN !
thanks for existing
1:07 R.I.P. for the sunglasses
Maggie rules
nc
Just amazing and fabulous
Great song
Great!
1:05 RIP glasses
off brand sylvan esso
New Maggie forever.
I like
Yessss!!
minha maggie ta viva <3
AAAA YESSSS
❤
😍💖
Discovered accidentally but wowww  i gonna stan
I LUV
Rated R for Repeat.
casa comigo Maggie ?
Woo
MAGIC
wifey material
charming video <3 Amsterdam.
Did she lose her sunglasses when she flicked her head?
Maggie makes me want to liiiiiiiive
my baby's so talented. and also when u dance so hard ur glasses fly off the boat ;)))
this is kinda stupid.
Pescaito no es un barrio cualquiera, es la estirpe viva de la Santa Marta Popular, poco después del nacimiento de la República La ciudad más antigua de Colombia conocería a su primer arrabal, su primer enclave sub urbano después de la colonia, Pescaito encierra mágicamente toda un amalgama de colores, herencias, sabores y sonidos. En poco más de 120 años de historia este populoso sector de la ciudad se hizo inmortal y no fue precisamente por el Pibe, para nada, hay personajes más influyentes que él. Pescaito ha dado siempre lo mejor, las mejores putas, los ladrones más astutos, temibles sicarios, los mejores médicos, profesores, tamboreros, humoristas, cultores, bailadores de salsa,  picoteros, coteros, fritangueras, boxeadores, futbolistas, beisbolistas, softbolistas, jugadores de dominó y macana de la ciudad y del caribe colombiano (nota tomada explicitamente de mi papá, Agustín Olivero, pescaitero neto y nieto de uno de los primeros colonizadores del barrio viejo, el antiguo sector de las ensenadas o camino viejo a Taganga, antigua calle 25 con actual carera 9a, mi bisabuelo Alejandro Olivere, un Granadino (antilla menor) que salió huyendo en 1908 de Fort de France, Martinica, para aterrizar con mi bisabuela Agustine Luxén, mamá del famoso boxeador Kid Dunlop, el más grande que ha dado la ciudad. Cuenta mi padre que su abuelo en un extraño papiamento le refería como llegaron a la ciudad y como surgió el barrio con influencias antillanas muy marcadas en sus primeros estilos de vida, la arquitectura, los hábitos, la gastronomía y el jolgorio, los cuales se mezclaron con lo que ya había, gente de Bolivar, braceros rasos del muele viejo y trabajadores o cortadores de racimo en las florecientes fincas bananeras antes de la masacre, mucho antes. Apareció así la GUACHERNA, que vives muy bien rebautizó con el PITAN PTAN, pero aparecería un sinnúmero de ingredientes que hacen de este barrio un verdadero patrimonio, porque todo pasa en Pescaíto, mi barrio.
Pescaito PT🙋👏😀
temonn soy de peruu me encanta sus canciones
No llevo mucho fuera de colombia pero escuchado los temas de Carlos vives la recuerdo a toda hora...
👍👍👍
Wow linda canción 😍😍😍😍😊😊😊👏👏👏💜💜
Pura alegría 😁
Obrigado Carlos Vives por nos presentear com a alegria da sua música! Deus te conceda vida longa! Abraços do Brasil
Ídolo Carlos vives 🔥🔥
Los Bolaños
Amo toda tú música 😍
Jorales q chida cancion saludos de México
Vives..Genial
descargar cancion !\nhttp://shrink-service.it/s/5hZH1d
todo bn, todo bn
linda canción
CARLOS TE LA VACILASTE, VALE MÍA.
Genial 😁
Eeeeso!! Chevere ...me encanta a bailar!!!
😍😍😍😍💅💘
Saludos de Germany
NOJODA MI SANTA MARTA COMO TE AMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Está muy buena ! :D
Mi colombia, mi costa hermosa 💙🌴
Falto shakira con la bicicleta :v
Hermosa cancion, simplemente gracias
I ❤️ Santa Marta , grande Carlos
Me encantaaa! ♥
Hermosa. Todos sus videos son magnificos.
estoy segura que no hay alguien que te ame mas ....soy Hadey Farfan....te amoooo
Genial! Carlos Vives como siempre teniendo a Colombia presente. Que alegría.
me encanta esta musica de pescaito  me alegro que le den un reconocimiento a pescaito
que  buena  musica  carlos    quisieras  ser  mi  amigo   por  you  tube
exelente carlos vives desde merida venezuela
Ya
اين انتم ياعرب وينكم يااهل العراق
Saludos desde Rusia!
Saludos Desde Lima - Perú
Llegue tarde a comentar :( pero no importa VIVA MI TIERRA COLOMBIANA :)
Saludos desde Luxemburgo extrañó colombia.\nJajaja pura mierda ando en.Neiva en la.carnicería de mi papá jajaja pero más de uno aplica esa ja
epa colombia, mi pais
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DI86C-ricw
Vamos pa la Castellana \n(frito fish, toma uno, vámos pa la Castellana) \n\nNo hay nada más bacano que sentarme a tu lado \ny respirar el aire que respiras \nTomarnos de la mano \ncruzar del monte al charo \npara llegar a una playa escondida \nAgua, metidos en el agua \nnadando entre las algas \ntu piel sobre mi espalda y sumergidos en el agua \ntú y yo una sola alma \nburbujas y más agua \njugando entre las olas sumergidos, dónde está \nel puerto vuelve a pitar \nel Michael se fue a pescar \nla fruta que no se va \ncarnaval tambor fútbol y mar \nhistorias que hay que contar \nla calle es para jugar \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\npásate de vaivenes y vive \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \ngente buena de aquí \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\nSentarnos con la gente \nsentir el sol ardiente \ndejar un poco que pase la vida \n\nAgua, metidos en el agua \nnadando entre las algas \ntu piel sobre mi espalda y sumergidos en el agua \ntú y yo una sola alma \nburbujas y más agua \njugando entre las olas sumergidos, dónde está \nel cuento vuelve a pitar \nel Michael se fue a pescar \nla fruta que no se va \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \ncarnaval tambor fútbol y mar \nhistorias que hay que contar \nla calle es para jugar \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\nPasa Esperanza con el pescao \npasa el progreso de medio lao \npasa la siesta y descomplique \npasa la copa que lleva Enrique \npasa el alcalde y el presidente \npasa la loca buscando el frente \npasa una sigla con Carlos Vives \npasa el turista buscando al pibe \n\ndónde está \nel puerto vuelve a pitar \nel Michael se fue a pescar \nla fruta que no se va \ncarnaval tambor fútbol y mar \nhistorias que hay que contar \nla calle es para jugar \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto \n\nPasa la Chela, Silvio Lizcaio \nJaime De Luque, Maximiliano \nMedias Enrique Javier Corbacho \ncon los Castillos, con los Bolaños \n\nY Radamel regresa a su casa \ny el piso alto pasa y pasa con \nLos Palacios, Los Valderrama \ncomo pasa en Pescaíto
excelente carlos eres de los pocos que no se olvidan de nuestra tierra\nviva pescaito nojoda!!!
https://youtu.be/pfYgqMb-514 Escucha mi cancion Ella-Paris
https://youtu.be/PpHprNHLrUc
Ah no andabas con el reguetton kvron :v
santa marta cuanto te extraño
Pescaíto & La Bicicleta, las mejores :)
Mi barrio 😆
una super canción 🎶 quiero escucharla mil veces, se me emparaguaron los ojos al ver la alegría de la gente, el amor que muestras  a tu pueblo y la respuesta que ellos dan ha ese amor y compromiso es lo máximo, todo pasa en pescaito 🎣 🐠
se me hace un nudo en la garganta.. hermosa mi Samaria 😍😍 La perla
Como para que lo vea Silvestre que quiere Imitarlo jajaja . este Man si es un Grande Carlos Vives.
Por favor un Remix con l'omy 💪💪👌
Así como cuando eres de santa marta :u
perldon.....Yo pense en Adrian....disculpae ME ENCATA.....EN SERIO QUE LIN DAN LETRA ME RERERE GUSTA.GRACIAS.
perdió un poco la esencia falto el acordeón
CARLOS VIVES SOS EL MEJOR 💜💜💜 ME ENCANTAN TODAS TUS CANCIONES ALGUN DIA VISITARE A LA TIERRA QUERIDA COLOMBIA SANTA MARTA os amo Colombia 😘💗💗😍
Escucho tu música y me hace sentir que estoy en mi bella Colombia.  Así este a 6000 km. Carlos Vives me haces sentir en nuestra bella Patria!!!
Mi santa Marta linda 😏😉 gracias viejo Carlos vives
jugando entre las olas... 🎶 sentir el sol ardiente tu y yo una sola.alma🎸🎤 ...me encanta!
El mejor sin duda alguna
GRACIAS POR CARLOS VIVES NO HAY MAS COLOMBIANO MAS AGRADECIDOS CON SUS RAICES ESE CARLOS ES EL MEJOR MADE IN COLOMBIA
Epa!!qué alegría me da escucharte' me encanta tu música... tu música me transporta a tu bello país COLOMBIA 🇨🇴 no lo conozco pero tus videos lo cuentan,espero algún día conocer saludos desde México 🇲🇽....
ESPECTACULA REPRESENTA NUESTRA ALEGRIA NATURALEZA COLOMBIA AMO MI PAIS
Gracias por dejar siempre en alto el nombre de Colombia!
Que dicha que aún exista personas no solo quieren fama y caen en el reggeton.
Amo como muestras-expresas el amor hacia tú país  (Colombia😍💘) como muestras la alegría de este país, la humildad💫 ♥Eres un orgullo♥Haces que cada vez no sentamos más orgullosos de tí y de nuestro país😍🙊💘
Decir que no te amama es como decir que Carlos vives nunca le canto a su tierra👐
Porque eres tan genial? Te felicito de verdad, hermosa canción, pero tu humildad es aún más hermosa!
Carlos Vives siempre con su sabor unico con su corazón en cada canción. Me encanta. El mejor de todos.
Quién es la bailarina de blanco que aparece en el concierto? Me encanta❤️😁
que bonito barrio ahí cerca de la bahía y también Ver jugar al pibe y bolaños jajajajaja que recuerdos saludos santa marta una ciudad divina
SANTA MARTA DE MI AAALMAAAAAAAAA   COMO TE QUIERO
samaria 100 % viva mi colombia bella. todos por la paz
Hermoso homenaje a un lugar mágico que ha dado tantas figuras y personajes ilustres de Colombia. Gracias Carlos Vives, eres maravilloso. Qué viva nuestra música
Qué bueno ser samario y colombiano un abrazo de Colombia para el mundo contesta canción del gran Carlos vives
Yo soy Mexicana y uno de mis sueños es ir al hermoso Colombia😍Un saludo para toda la gente de haya los amoo❤
una cita con  carlos vives ♥ , seria un sueño eres un gran cantante te amo ♥ me encantaria conocerlo en persona es mi cantante favorito
Saludos de Suiza 🇨🇭\nCarlos vives me encanta 💕
Para cuando el feauturing con L'OMY?
orgulloso de ser de PESCAITO y de mi santa marta bella, la castellana, la playa uff que orgullo y orgulloso de colombia
mi tierra hp que alegria!!! pescaito es magico... MI santa marta bella!!!
JAJAJA Si ven que si se puede hacer una canción en español que no hable de sexo en español, Grande Carlitos 😊
Hola amigos, en mi canal podran descargar peliculas con calidad HD y audio latino muy buenas en 3 plataformas Mega, Mediafire y Utorrent, susbcribanse, GRACIAS
GRACIAS CARLOS ME SACASTE UNA SONRISA 😃😃
Huy Carlos viviergas le cambio el dial a otra emisora
Carlos vives es el más claro ejemplo del porque uno nunca debe hablar mal y decir nunca, en barranquilla una vez dijo, el reggaeton es una música sucia y denigrante, yo JAMÁS en mi vida cantaré con ese ritmo ahora lo vemos como uno más del montón cantandolo
algun dia tendre ese publico! like si me apoyas
Pescaito!!!, el barrio del Pibe, Carlitos siempre rescatando lo mejor de nuestra hermosa Colombia ♥
Buen día. He subido video tutoriales que los pueden sacar de un apuro o hacerles ahorrar dinero, solo pido por favor apoyo al canal con solo suscribirse. Gracias por tu ayuda.
Me gustá su toque de champeta que tiene la canción, de sonidos tropicales.
Enamorado de mi Caribe Colombiano!
grabaron el video por mi casa😮😮😮😮😮😮😱😱😱😰
Colombianos reportense : Desde que país ves este vídeo
Pasa la copa que lleva Henríquez. Eterno capitán 🏆 SDVSF
muyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Como se llama la playa que aparece en el video?
SANTA MARTA MI CIUDAD, PERO TAGANGA Y MAMATOCO TIENEN MAS APORTE CULTURAL E HISTÓRICO QUE EL PINTORESCO  PESCAITO
La canción de qué concierto es?
The design loop is really just the scientific method as applied to consumer goods and consumer happiness.\nPeople really need to understand that whether you're trying to figure out how to cure malaria or whether you're trying to make a better phone, the best approach is always to observe, formulate hypotheses/ideas, test them, and iterate.
This vid needed to be at least 3 minutes longer.
Engineering, Design and Science share many similarities in method it really is one of the most important things to learn.
And now that Apple mouse is back at the $100+ dollar....
Isn't this engineering?
Does anybody know the animation style of the part they talk about aschools? About 2:50min
Since I want to be a car designer when I grow up, this video has been *very* helpful.
Vox AND TED? Yes please! I absolutely love both of them, and it’s a real interesting topic. Very smooth transitions, wonderful graphics.
I use several Apple devices, but I really hate their mouse.  It's not designed well at all in my opinion.  Ergonomics are poor and the touch capability gets in the way of usability.  I just use a good old wired optical mouse, with physical right and left clicks, and scroll wheel.  As a video editor, I do like what they are doing with Final Cut Pro X though.
what a fantastic little video
I just did a ted Ed talk about the same topic
Shoutout to all the industrial designers out there. I'm halfway though college and absolutely loving this major/profession
$10,000 for a crazy computer like that hell no
The true Designer is a problem solver.
this looks very similar to the deming wheel (process in management)
Now make 'How To Solve Problems like Desiigner'
I thought the title said how to solve a problem like desiigner and got confused
I absolutely love this video!
Does IDEO also make buildings? I know in Bangkok they have apartment buildings called IDEO Q.
Congrats on going to Ted!
How to solve problems like desiigner
Does anyone know where Vox edit their videos ?
What about that wasn't intuitive? Those four steps feel like a given.
This is pretty much what Systems Thinking and Design Thinking is about. Most commonly known as iterative design, I think quite a lot of people already have accepted this design process. considering systems and design thinking are pretty much the same with just different semantics.
These guys are the reason Apple mouse iteration have always sucked
As a Peruvian, I see many students my age transferring to Innova Corp schools, and succeeding tremendously
I personally dislike the apple mouse. I like the more clicky feeling of a regular mouse.
The mouse creation job is called product design.
Left & Right hemispheres are truly our future for innovation-evolution. ;O)-
You where gone\nBut the kitchen light were still on\n\nWhite Noise
This sounds very similar to IB MYP's Design Technology Cycle
This is similar to the classic planning process. The sequencing is different because we present a variety of alternatives at once.
So the moral is that they're not very good at either? Noted.
background I guess pretty   good!   formation  ..
a better way to solve problems is to do it like an engineer
is he the man in KFC logo ?
How to solve problems like a Vox writer: Blame cishet white males. Cry.
This is literally the scientific method.
Yes I love TED\nYes I love Vox\nWAT U SAY???? THEY COLABBB??????
Only if fashion designers also thought like this.
I just realised I think in this way I am a designer in computers and debater
this is simply: the scientific method.... if you know it, just use it ^^
90% certain that disposable coffee cup is a prop.
Well people have problems with jars because they are idiots....\nThere are a vaccum in the jar and lifting up the edge of the lid with something, anything, will let the air in and the lid will just pop off.\nNo need to invent a new lid.....
Sounds like the actuarial control cycle
Sounds like something that Apple kinda lost in recent years...
Designers don't solve problems, they design products. They encounter problems during the design process, but they solve those problems to reach their end goal: a product that reaches the specifications they were given.
How to solve a problem like Trump?
This is called engineering...
Lots of brains, not like an object, but a system. :O
I thought it said “how to problem solve like desiigner” 💀
Idealists; causing headaches for realists since the beginning of time.
Liberal thinking, no thank you.
so basically... the scientific method?
Although, mac has always had the worst mouse designs ever :))) Mac's keyboards are well designed, not the mice
hey vox, what fonts do you use in these videos? the captions i'd guess is helvetica, and is that the same as the font used in the credits? and also is the 'vox' font your own personal font, or is it available to the public?
Thank you SO MUCH for this. I absolutely admire IDEO and their method of Design Thinking, and I LOVE your company, Vox, for crafting together a cohesive, beautiful piece that tells a story about some incredible things that are out in this world. Thank you.
I've known about IDEO since High School when my teacher showed the Nightline episode where the IDEO team redesigns the shopping cart: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M66ZU2PCIcM
The key to design is empathy and thinking stupid.
Great video. This is essentially the scientific method except without a formal hypothesis.
Wow. This is an awesome video
can be applied to most anything. How to solve problems like a creator (Math, Physics, video games, music ...) Who doesn't know this?
This is my job
Or just use Google..
Do a video on Rick and Morty
Is this basically just a dumbed down version of Agile?
I have no idea why vox only has 2.9 million subscribers and vice has more pshh
What is Adam Savage's Brittish twin brother doing at Ideo?
So liberals rather solve things like a designer rather than solving things like a scientist? No wonder liberals are pathetic.
I've heard this idea before and find it interesting. However, I notice people seem to imply that this method of approaching a problem is a magic bullet.\n\nWhat they don't mention is the 80% of products that are poorly imagined, poorly designed and horrible to use. Products that were still made using this system.\n\nIn the end, it seems this system has little to do with solving problems effectively.\n\nI imagine it has much more to do with the quality of the people assigned to the task. If that's right, this system begins to mean something.
IDEO <3
Graaaaaaaaaa
Ted & Vox ✓
Capitalism
https://youtu.be/1LOfG63v2PU
How to solve problems like desiigner : Brrrrraaaaaa SKURRRT SKURRT GEH GEH GEH 😂
Fake news
Design thinking 101
A hipster Coronel Sanders
Spanish One-time Billing Recurring Billing PitchPlus Mobile HopLink Target URL supported Dividend Stocks Rock (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2jPEAbY
Thus us nuggers
No mention of Xerox PARC
*Desiigner
Hidden Brain from NPR?
Those are sum ugly glasses
Hidden Apple ad haha
Back when Apple really innovated
how to solve problems like Desiigner\nRAH GEGEGE
basically the scientific method
Liberals are mentally ill
disappointed. not really substantial or insightful.
More!!!! ❤️🙌💪
I got broads in Atlanta
Ideation???
3:20 Yeah Blender!
*SEXBOTS!!!*
Blender! 3:19
TED x Vox > AntiSocialSocialClub x BAPE
Vielen Dank für Ihre Grüße aus Serbien
Can you do a video about depression ?
Hey Guys, Im the guy that was wearing the EverybodyFights shirt & I'm coming here to give my side of the story as to what happened. A lot of people think they know but have no idea how the altercation went down or what was said before the KO actually took place. I was on my way to work at the gym early in the morning, & I got on the train I was writing music minding my own business when I heard this guy talking shit about my hair, I didn't think much of it, til I took my headphones out & said I had nice hair, I responded that's not what you said, to which he got up & started saying I looked like a bitch because I have long hair, He kept inching closer to me so I got in my stance and threw my hands up just in case of anything & responded if I'm a bitch why don't you fight me ? To which he responded I don't wanna kill you, he kept on talking and I kept responding you're all talk and as I got off the train he followed me upstairs where the knockout happened, He started trying to put his hands in my face so I started parrying and slapping his hand away, I kept warning him don't get closer or I'm gonna hit you, he eventually got in my face & I hit him with a short right hook that folded him, I didn't wanna jump on him and hit him anymore because the reality is I didn't wanna hurt the guy, I simply was defending myself, he eventually got up and made his way upstairs where I was trying to again avoid confrontation, He threw his hands again and came at me so i squared up & got in my stance, once he realized he couldn't fight with me hands wise, he started pulling my hair this is where I started throwing uppercuts inside & once he started yanking my hair, I slammed him against the wall & started bashing his head against it & hitting him with right hands (the crowd was blocking the view) from there I got him in a guillotine choke with the intention of putting him to sleep and going to work, he slipped out after a couple seconds so I full mounted him & had my left hand on his throat while getting ready to strike with the right, I caught him with 1 right then the cops finally showed up. There was 3 witnesses (thank you whoever you are) that defended me as the cops would have taken me in otherwise, nonetheless I'm a musical artist who really don't look to fight anybody, you can follow my page @ZayGreedo thank you 💪🏽
Hair pulling......Lame
Every Body Fights
This is Metal Vs. Rap materialized.
The guy who kept getting his ass kicked was clearly asking for it. I mean when a guy cleans yer clock after giving you ever chance to exit, you get clocked again and it could have been WAY worse the second time.  I would have taken his teeth out for that shit who cares about witnesses. So the guy with the long hair was way the bigger man in every way here. Afer that hair grab, yep, d00d would have been seeing a dentist after that.
Most people wear shirts like rip curl or MAGA but rarely actually surf or Make America Great Again\n\nKill yourself, faggot.
You deserve respect here. Rightfully and successfully defended yourself and he got what he deserved. He's lucky you were pulled off as you had full mount and he would have got seriously injured once you freed your hair from his grip.  Hope he learned a lesson and doesn't pull this shit with anyone else in the future.
The real GOAT is the woman who lost her shoe https://youtu.be/VLdTVexvJ5Q?t=2m15s
I think I went to high school with Everybody Fights.\n\nFucker was always fighting with everybody, even me.
The guy with the long hair is actually a music artist IG: @Zaygreedo
The long haired guy is actually a personal friend of mine. He was looking for no trouble and somehow trouble found him. He’s a rapper and a boxer. His name is @zaygreedo on SoundCloud.
fuck man.. this has one good shot then it looks like grand theft auto NPCs fighting lol shit
loooool
dude was pulling hair lol
The hippy should have watched the UFC. Once you knock the guy out, you have to keep pounding him until you're sure he's stay down when you walk away.
that something else she gonna find In the future will be a black man... bet she gonna be married to black man...smh
What in the actual FUCK? This is insane! Can't believe her husband supports this shit.
I think its a lie they only have 2 pics one of them in the studio?!! And she was going darker and darker in the studio
blacks only have their blackness and victim status. they get offended when people try to take that from them. first thing a nigga does when he gets money is get a nose job to look less african.
I think she knows what she's about, as she said she does not intentionally want to hurt them. I personally think it's silly they get offended over this. If she wants to do it for herself so be it. Once we learn to share our culture and in this case race we will be able to move forward as a society. I might be talking out of my ass but that's what  i believe.
I'm not offended. She's fucked up in the head obviously but it sounds like she means no harm
WHAT!! WHAAAAATTTTT!! THIS IS NOT OKAY. There white people who are black in character not skin. It's skin deep.
Damn not white bitches wanna be black now....damn bro...blackness doesn't look good on her at all. She was ok before Idk why the extra stuff she's damaging herself. Titties look like 2 water balloons I'd be scared to move if I were her....all of the black people in the crowd salty af......be happy that the white woman wants to be like us...it says A lot within itself I don't hate it...I love it...Her husband tho nah nah bro..
This BITCH looks ridiculous and I'm not against plastic surgery but she looks a hot horrible mess
I mean she can't make a MELINATED kid?  SHE need to know we don't look like that . Smh
jews staging these fake acts to create race wars
I don't think she is offending the black culture ( African American) !!!!! Michael Jackson went white !!!! What's the damn difference !! In that case he offended the ( white race )
I didn't know white women wanted to be black that bad..
Everyone who understands German, this woman is an embarrassment for the country Germany.
Is this a case of a female Michael Jackson??
This woman is cutting edge! mark my words...not getting into the details...this is deep...stay woke!
This girl can't even speak English and she wants to become black.
Thats an insult to the black race
There is no difference between this and someone identifying as another gender.
White people love African culture/customs but hate African people. They've always had a love/hate relation with us
This has got to be fake
Why change your skin tone? God gave you the natural skin color.
Never go full retard.\n\nNo, in all honesty, let her be. If she's happy, I'm happy. Live amd let live.
This is a normal black female BT2000 😂😂
This bitch looks a hot ass mess
Glenn Gibson is on here!!! LOL
Well, this proves that apparently skin color does matter. it shouldn't but i guess it does. No one was calling Micheal Jackson racist for turning his skin white. it's a very superficial thing. I am more personally worried about her boobs and the 'curves' she has that look nothing like Pamela at all. Nothing she did looked like her so called 'idol'. as far as wanting to look black, i think her native language not being English is conflicting with that a bit. She is not trying to attack or be offensive she is just a bit shallow minded and is in it for the looks no matter WHATEVER look she chooses. I am black myself and really if people could change their skin tone like that maybe even into something more fun like blue or purple man that would be awesome, but they can still keep to their culture which shouldn't depend on their skin color at all. also pretty sure she was joking about that Africa comment or they blew it out of proportion. they do allot of that on these shows. she probably even worded it differently again because her native language isn't English.
She's from Germany.  She were in the German version of American got talent. So embarrassing
The black people are getting mad yet they wear weave
Oh oh no why no just no she is gobba haunt me in my dreams .
smh they mock us then wanna be us! this is no different then kim kardashian with her prosthetic ass and lip injections!
Did she just say I'm a proud owner of the black skin
She offended me and I'm white...... 😱😱😱😱😱
Often imitated, but never duplicated.  All those synthetic melanin injections and silicone in her basketball-sized breasts will never make her a Black woman because she was not born with the very essence of a Black woman.
She's like a real life Austin Powers character.
A level of trolling only few have achieved
omfg this is the girl from botched!!
Guy at 5:53 is me lol
The dude at 5:53 is just losing his shit while the guy in the bottom right corner looks so disgusted, why is that part so funny to me-
I feel so sad for her shes so kind and she didn't say anything wrong and at the end its her choice not anyone else, btw I didn't like how black people reacts
Da fuck why change ur race  that is weird and know she looks weird
If you can change your gender then you can change your race.
this is very offensive!!!
I’m not offended at all. Her choices do not effect me so why would I be offended. Let folks live how they want to I could care less
BTW. Can she say the N word now? xD
I don't see nothing wrong with this now a black person wanting to be white is nonsense
She looks like a white woman with paint on her face- ludicrous!
I'm black and you should be happy with who me you are she is not blacI and she is not from Africa she offends me
She's mentally ill i feel sad for her
she fucked in the head
I'm confused though... shes saying she likes black skin.. \nMichael Jackson became white & that wasn't a problem🤔🤔
=======================  what she is doing isnt blk peoples fight white people want to be blk and I see that image as a win why fight against that if she is teaching it to whites
0:30 0:43 i started laughing so much at this XD
If you can change genders, you can change race. It's all a mental issue. Both body dysmorphia. Trust me, if she was a transgender everyone wouldn't be acting like that. Like seriously compare both things. Neither really matter. Gender, and race. Though, people act like it is. Like, I said, it's a mental disorder. She needs help.
I've been confused about this stuff ever since I first encountered her on a site dedicated to huge boobs...so far I've come to the following conclusions...No such thing as race, there IS racism though. Race only exists as long as people propagate the idea. We are all the same species just cosmetically different permutations of it.\n\nThat being said, I would say she is still ethnically German, and not really in touch with cultures or people who statistically have darker skin on average.\n\nI am not sure how we stop tying who we are PHYSICALLY to who we are ETHNICALLY, or perhaps more importantly in a SOCIETAL context. If anyone has an idea how to counteract this I'm all ears.\n\n...I am still rather confused about the whole situation though. Humans are just completely fucked.
You cant change ur gender, race or age pls stfu u are made in a sertern way
I don't understand why so many people is upset with her personal decision.  Just stop already.  Everybody have the right to do whatever they want to do with their appearance.
I can't eat while watching this
NOOO NOO SOMEBODY GET HER ASS SHE NEEDS TO GET HER ASS BEATTTTTT. SHE LITERALLY DID FULL BODY BLACK FACE. blackness is NOT a damn costume.
black people understand that we are the salt of the earth! We have so much influence on other nations
the real black people full of shit they don't really care about Africa you try to call a black person Africa they will try to kill you so why would they care about someone change their skin color
I feel very sad for this women she has no self  esteem and she is lost.
So she isn't black, but a man who wears a dress and has a long hair is an woman 🤔 liberal logic is fascinating
YOU ARE NOT BLACK. JUST STOP. THIS MAKES ME EXTREMELY ANGRY. BLACK IS NOT YOUR RACE. WHITE IS. SO ACT LIKE IT.😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
we don't want her!!lmao we have enough to contend with.....
If you can't change your race, why is society so accepting of transgendered? I don't get it.
I hope thats fake ... but ppl like that end up killing themselves
What happened? She was beautiful as a child and growing up. Then she got the transplants and all this fake stuff done!\nThere's nothing wrong with being a white woman. She was so much more beautiful in her natural state. How heart breaking.
Why the fuck people cant change skin colour if they can change gender
I'm surprised this reaction isn't the same as for people who change their gender.
The guy in the audience with the gray sweatshirt has me weak as hell
oh finally... i was wondering why nobody was talking about her. i want to jump out of the window everytime i see her on tv
Why is the audience so extra
Whats wrong for her being black seriously
Genes won't lie if she has children!
We accept transgenders so we might as well accept this
Lol i can't take this sereously, i think she is just changing up things and that this wont last.
I thought it was just skin deep though?
Black is where it's at
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
W\nT\nF
What the fuck!!!!
Those boobs must be heavy asf.
this is foolishness...these neanderTHOT devils steal everything.
Intereszing but it does not vork. Und da Verheiratete Frau with dah hummer busen is kaput.
Wtf
I agree with Maury 1000346627181910191725553617719101028274664637219011991636463627181002837464663628291%
How sad...
Bitch she crazy
ugly ass rat
her fucken necklace omfgggg 😂😂😂
What a dumbass she looks horrible
https://youtu.be/CDNLUsqrn-4
Wtf
Martina is a walking talking melanoma
5:53 LMAOOOOOO THAT REACTION
Reverse Michael Jackson syndrome...? :D
trini means Trinidadian..country Trinidad
This is what they kill black ppl for...our melanin. Fuckin sick ass. Bitches fuck America
Her choice
Loved the look! I missed your makeup tutorials! 💙 Get ready with me coming up anytime soon? :)
I always love your natural make up looks. So realistic for everyday! Can't imagine Instagram style makeup as a midwife 😂
I miss your makeup tutorials.
Nice look. Fresh yet elevated as per usual, Fleur.
I need to know what nail polish are you wearing! Like NEED TO KNOW :D you are so pretty
You should do more tutorials :)
Your earrings are stunning! Love those hoops, where are they from? Like so she can see!!!
You make putting liner in your tight line look so easy hahah
I've really missed your make-up tutorials, Fleur. Since being pregnant, you look (even more) amazing without make-up. It's nice to see you embrace your natural pregnancy glow! After all the drama with the US YouTube influencers, it's refreshing to come back to you. I can't believe how unfairly critical I was of you in the past. You deserve so much respect for keeping it real. He, you prefer high-end and you remain consistent with it. You don't only use drugstore/high street make up just to gain views. You do you. I love that. Xxx
My perfect kind of look!
Hey Fleur :) beautiful video as always! do you not set your foundation at all? If I didn't, it would crease so much, especially under my eyes!
The lisptick is in 28 pecan nude? It looks more like 29 orchid glaze. I can't decide between those 2 so thanks for confirmation which one you've used in your video!
You've looked gorgeous throughout your pregnancy!
Yay!!! I have MISSED your makeup tutorials!!
Who else loves her accent? 😍😩
Love the look! : )
£30 for an eyeliner!!!! Insane
Beautiful, Fleur!
Lovely look! ❤️❤️ Xx
Great video, gorgeous!
️Lovely
Love this routine
You looks so gorgeous thanks babe 💝💝
Bootiful💙
Hey girl hey🙋
Love you Fleur. You look amazing xxx
You look stunning!!!
Beautiful!
I love the colour of the lipstick! Does anyone know any cheaper dupes for a similar colour? Thanks :)
Beautiful makeup look for fall.
Thanks for uploading, this is beautiful! Why don't you like making makeup videos? (or is there another channel we can watch them at?) I really enjoyed it! 😙
I really wish one of you British influencers would talk about how your beautiful country is being taken over by terrorists/muslims.  People are being murdered on a daily basis.  How can you look at the destruction of your country and people, and then ignore it and talk about make up?
You should try putting oil (i use straight oils-think olive or sweet almond oil) on straight out of the shower at night (if you use an oil you shouldn't dry your skin before applying it) it's so hydrating and luxurious (crunchybetty.com has an amazing article on the oil cleansing method and which oils are best for which skin types and i use that as a guide for my body oils)
i really like this type of video, relaxing and satisfying ❤️ great one Fleur 😉
Could we have a drugstore version? X
Love the darker hair. It makes you glow
What colour of the contour is it that you are using?  I'm going to order online but I'm struggling over which colour to go for without actually getting to try it in person, however I use the same shade of Vitalumiere Aqua as you (on your recommendation - and I love it!) and so hoping that our skin shades for contour would match also! x
In my opinion that contour looks way too red.
Your skin looks better with no foundation or concealer, at least on camera that foundation looks a bit cakey.\nAnd, if you haven't already, check out the podcast the longest shortest time, it's about motherhood, especially early motherhood and it's awesome.
I really the makeup tutorials
I was hoping you would tell us which lipstick you wore for the pregnancy update vlog (which you also wore this pick jumper), I found that color just adds so much vibrant to you!
PLEASE DO A SKIN CARE VIDEO!!!!!! Also you are so beautiful
Really enjoyed this Fleur, I love your tutorials because of how you talk through the products while you're using them. The finished look was lovely and you definitely still have a great jawline while being pregnant! Mine wasn't great to begin with but now I'm pregnant I need some some heavy contouring! x
Please make a hair tutorial
Fleur, would this concealer  be good for mature skin?  If it is too creamy it could settle into lines.  Let me know what you think.
Which of the two CT contour shades do you wear? Thank you xo
Your skin is flawless! I love this beautiful simple look!!
Your brows are the best of any YouTubers I've seen. YBBB! I have a feeling others will feel self-conscious as time goes on and the OTT style goes out of vogue  🙈
Make up is my city
Amazing very simple and Natural
Looking so gorg! Xo from my channel to your's! <3
Where is your top from?! So lush! X
that foundation is stunning! I don't think I have seen it on counters in Australia yet but hopefully I can get my hands on it soon!! great video 😍
What is your nail polish??
💞💞 the easy and simplicity of this make up tutorial...Gorgeous.
The colour of that lipstick is the most beautiful colour I've ever seen
You should be comfortable to be no make up on. you are beautiful naturally.
Beautiful!!!  I wish I could get away with all cream face products and no powder to set them...they melt off in the Texas heat otherwise!  ❤
Such a lovely transitional makeup look 😍  I think the blush is beautiful, you're just glowing!
Love this! I miss the makeup look videos!
Love the lip color so much!!
I still can't believe that there's going to be a baby DeForce in a few months!!❤️❤️❤️
This is random but ive just noticed that you, lily, niomi and bella like to tuck in your hair behind your ear in one side
Really been enjoying your videos lately- this, Fenty Beauty and the autumn transitional haul have all been great! I much prefer seeing you actually use products rather than just talking about them, like those new in (whatever month) videos.
Beautiful! I know other peeps have asked but what color contour wand did you use? Wasn't sure which to get. Thanks!
yay !! <3 good things come to those who wait! :) worth the wait!
What shade is the contour?
Thanks for this upload! I have always wondered how you do your daily makeup. I feel like you review a lot of products yet on film you use just a few... i mean I have never seen you do some bold eye makeups or flashy highlight+ contour combos
I love this look Fleur, am going to have to treat myself to the concealer. Love your nail varnish colour too! Do you find the ysl mascara smudges much as I have really watery eyes, so always end up having to wear waterproof mascara, or I go out and look like a panda within minutes! Any bit of wind or sun and they stream so always find buying high end mascaras an expensive risk. Pregnancy definitely suits you, your looking even more beautiful than ever xx Kate xx
And all that takes 10 minutes...
That concealer looks so good , I may have to try it !
You are so much prettier without the heavy eyeliner!
My bestie has the same issue with stuff staying on her nose. She doesn't like to fool with primer but I used it once on her & she uses it now all the time (just on the nose) might help if you find one compatible with the foundation you wear on the day. I've been eyeing the ByTerry & CT items you mentioned and may have to give them a go if they are still available. Hope you are feeling well & having a lovely week. Hugs, Summer xo
@fleurdeforce Concealer is tackier than foundation so put a little on your nose than follow up with your usual foundation then add the finishing touch with another dab of Concealer. It's a miracle for slippery noses :)) ❤️
Fleur you are looking gorgeous! You definitely have that glow! Xx
Beautiful with and without makeup x
Very pretty and simple look, I like it ^.^
I had the CT highlight wand for my birthday and it's amazing. Although I agree the applicator is difficult to blend with. So I've been using my fingers too. X
What is your nail polish color dear?
Haven't seen an everyday makeup look in so long, and this was so refreshing to see! Love the more natural effortless look, it's gorgeous <3
Fleur- is that the darker contour charlotte tilbury shade?
You love that sweater lol
This was lovely, Fleur!
Loving your brow collection!
Soooo good!  I've been wondering about several of these products, trust your opinion and also gravitate towards the mauve shades (all day, every day), so I'll have to watch again to soak it all in! ☺️ Thank you!  💖
Yay! I've been waiting for this video! I've gotta get my hands on the CT duo.
I didn't know you do conturing😜I always skip this step. I find it too long 😘
Gorgeous! Love how natural this look is!
Could you do a video on your wedding make up?
You didn't contour up the side of your nose to your brow
Gorgeous look Fleur! I've been wondering what you have been doing recently with your makeup because it looks so lovely ✨
Fleur, you look stunning without or with make-up. Love the look!\nAnd stop worrying about your weight, you look amazing (your stripy dress on IG fooled me completely, I thought it was a pre-bump picture). Pregnancy suits you so nicely ♥
I am really interested to know which dye color is your roots. Thanks a lot xx
This is the best tutorial for MY brows that I've ever seen. We have a very similar brown shape and hair type and I've never been satisfied when trying to fill in my brows using other Influensters methods. The entire makeup look is beautiful! I can hardly wait till I wake up in the morning to do my brows now!
So pretty!  I love how effortlessly pretty your makeup looks, perfect for every day :)
I like when you do like makeup tutorials I'm not great putting makeup on as I don't do it all the time so always learn something. Thanks!
I like the use of contour as eyeshadow. I admit I'm lazy sometimes and fall back to this technique. I find it funny that we can have beautiful eyeshadow palettes and end up using simple bronzer/contour brown instead 🤣 you're gorgeous as always Fleur! ❤️
Hi fleur love the video so happy you've done another makeup one.you really look fantastic in that colour pink.xx💗😀
I'm really loving the tutorials! Would love it if you did these types more. But then again, I love all you put out ❤️💋❤️
Hi Fleur ! I really love the By Terry lipstick and looked it up on the website, the colour 28 pecan nude looks much darker than yours. Is it possible it's another colour ?
Yea But she is addictive on KEBAB  :D
This is why I stick to weed.
I needed this today. Thank you 💕
I wonder what I would do to procrastinate and not get work done If I didn't Have internet or at least a screen to look at
I am a Mental Health Therapist and I want to thank you for being transparent and brave! You’re amazing!
Thx Anna. Your words encourage me to get up again.
I has no ideas who dis iz.  Shouldn't be showing ur face.  I already died few times.  It's not a big deal.  My shrinks and therapists need therapy after I was done with them.  Just call me Root.
My emotion high jacks my brain and the after math is horrible... then the shame kicks in instead guilt! Guilt makes me want to change but shame makes puts me in my place (I dont deserve love!!
Love how short and meaningful your videos are ♥️
Why are you so negative??
I tend to starve myself because I'm soo busy or tend to eat way to much. I think balance is hella important
I'm procrastinating right now..
Anna, you are so amazing!!Always a pleasure to watch your videos😊💓
thank you so much
You are definitely a strong role model for young ladies.
You have the potential to be a great therapist yourself.  You think deeply about what is going on in your life and find ways to live more skillfully.  You are also an excellent communicator.  If an acting career should lose its luster, you could do a lot to help others (which you are already doing to some extent with these videos).
I wish I had enough money for therapy.
I'm procrastinating right now🙈🙊
I love this post... because it is so true and I'm sorry you lost your sister
Thanks, Anna. Great message. Thanks for continuing to both share, think, and make us think.
I love youuuu! I needed this today☺☺☺
I am so thankful for you ❤ I love your videos, some are really soul healing
Thank you so much
+Anna Akana\nI don't know who edits your videos but man. Props to that guy/women\n\nEditing style is insane. I hope you pay your editors enough. They deserve it
I just did it. While pushing the person behind the doors.
With psychiatry, we call that cognitive behavioral theraphy where in we challenge and direct those kind of negative beliefs
Thank you so much for your videos. They are very well done & address issues I think everyone could stand to talk about a bit more in life. I admire the style of your channel, that its a self help style that includes a creative side. Your videos have made a difference in my life & I can't wait to see what else you create!! 💃✨
This happens to people without discipline.
Anna Akana: \n*Rock Show*\nLoudness/Crazy Nights\n(HighImpactFlix) \n<Pinned> Comment Section \nThe Vapors/I Think I'm Turning Japanese ;)\n\nBeastie Boys/Sabatage
yes how beautiful, to see how much youve grown and are able to help others through it.. thanks <3
I see you're stuffing your bras now or wearing a really strong push-up bra lol\nLooks nice tho 😂
I guess I'm having self-therapy because I question my actions and behaviors all the time. Thanks for raising awareness Anna!
Woah\nThis make realize so many things.
Couldn't have said it better! Great job
I so needed this
This helps a lot thank you Ana!!! ❤❤❤
Thank you! ☆
Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobssssssss!
Thx 🙃
right on!
This chick should make porn.
Boom, boom, boom
WHERE'S THAT SHIRT FROM!? *___* <3
I did it becuz of painful attachment trauma with my parents. But, now i know that im fine being on my own.
Your sponsored videos are always so fun to watch. I'd usually skip them but not yours. Good job Anna! :)
I am a queen of self sabotage tbh but I'm seeing a therapist and working towards fixing that, as well as the multitude of other issues of course. It's a bit overwhelming but with time I think I'll be able to get there. I got really lucky that the first psychologist I've seen seems to be a perfect fit for me, she's great at identifying the negative things I do and getting down to why I do them.
I can relate so much hahaha I bought your book this week and I've almost finished it it's so good💓💓
I love everything about this wonderfully-produced series. Well, not everything. You could use a lav mic or a boom mic. But other than my nit-picky bullshit, it's brilliant and engaging.
0:20 1:20 is literally me smh
you still seeing that dude, Brad?
thanks Anna!!!!❤❤❤❤
I feel attacked haha
procrastination. procrastination. procrastination. Whhhhhhhhhhhy! Anna, how do you stop?
I just wanna say, thank you. :) This helped.
Who's here for boobs?
I'm certain this lady is SICK TO DEATH of people telling her how hot she is, so i wont. She sure is Caliente though!
I want this girl to be my therapist!
Just came to look at her
What program/how do you create the illustrations for your videos? --btw I very much enjoyed this video's message <3
I bet you've heard this a lot but your hot have a nice day
This was great. I really needed this.
As always, you've nailed it. Great work, fair lady. Thanks for your insight.
Been clinically depressed and sometimes suicidal for years now, ans it got worse when my dad got permanently brain damaged and the other day, I scared my mom when we got into an argument and I forcefully ran into a wall in front of her. My high school councilor helps the slightest bit , but I’m going to college in a year so . . . Wtf do I do with my life XD
Thanks for the inspiration !😏
Hey Anna, could you do longer cameo in Ant-Man sequel? I need to see you act more...
your house is beautiful
i don't need your help, i can sabotage me by myself - caught in the middle by paramore, after laughter
Let's have an Asian Baby
woah your toes have a strange alignment!
Anna you are amazing!
thank you....
I think it takes a lot of will to actually have conversations like that with yourself. You seem like a great, down to earth person that wants to know about her strengths and her weaknesses. Knowing that stuff might not always make you happy in the short term, but in the long term it will do wonders. I hope I get lucky enough to have awesome people like you in my life one day and anyone who has you in theirs is one lucky SoB. Keep being awesome!
Dear Faiza,y you are obviously smart. There are many different types intelligence. Dance is an art and great exercise. Doing that most probably will spur you on to do well in your education, personal life because it's healthy. Please give yourself permission to do this sweetheart. You and the world will be a better place because of it. Now I am going to go tackle that editing on the book I've written. It may never see a single sale, but it's something I always wanted to do, to write. So you do your thing too. At 63 it is doubtful I'll be a choreographer, my other earliest dream. But I just might submit this book. I just might dance for this, all by my own thought up steps. God loved happy, I'm convinced of this!
I'm happy to know that I'm not the only person that sometimes hisses like a cat.
You know when her Squarespace advertisements are so good that you're tempted to make a website even though you have no reason to have one?
Thank you for this.
I really needed this. I have been following you for about a year and this week lost a best friend to suicide I didn’t even think to watch your videos because I have been so down. When I saw your update I still didn’t think of it but as soon as your pretty face started talking and connecting with me my heart felt lighter and I heard some messages I really needed. Thank you for all you do!
1:06 cute toes
I can relate
BRAVO!!!
I love a lot of youtubers, but I know your videos are the ones that let me do this. I would be too depressed, or  scared of it, if you wouldn't tell me how to  beat these bad feelings.
I don't like most of your videos..but I lile ur videos about mental health..its something ppl don't talk about..its really nice to see someone speak up...
Stop.
I love her
bOObs
luv u!
A stands for Anna Akana
Yupppppp
Thank you
Is Gotham no longer awesome?
life is crazy yo
seriously needed this tonight. thanks Anna!
1000th comment
Omg this is so truueeeeee
Very True!!!! SMH
Thanks
no thanks
Ray's chick.
One suggestion next time do your episodes topless you WAY more\nViews that way 😉😉😉😉👌🏼
Quit raping comedy, go have sex and quit being so prude ya dusty old bat.
I like your green dress, it's really pretty.
Anybody have this chick’s phone number? I’d like to solicite her for sex.
A very pragmatic vision by Edward Heath one sorely missed at the present time in Britain. More importantly demonstrates great knowledge/leadership on this important subject matter away from narrow ideologies.
really weird comments here...
This self serving tosser sold us out to Brussels and then admitted it on television 20 years later. I wonder what hidden recompense he received?
Fucker should have sunk on his yacht!, dig the fucking traitor up and sling whats left of him in the ocean.
UK/Europe: 1972-2016
To boot,he gets a 40k prize to betray his country. Politicians sticking it the people.sound familiar?History repeats it self over and over and over. And the sleeping masses can't be bothered to spit, less alone pass the lube as we get royally.... if you don't know what word was to follow royally you won't understand my sentiment.2017 and we are at the cuspHopefully enough are awake to make a difference.
I guess we will go back to no mans land again. No Empire, no Europe.
A man who could destroy his own nation state by sucking it into the European Union and lying about that intention on television to his own people, is capable of raping and murdering children.
Just another puppet of the hidden hand!
disappointing with the lack of singing
dirty child molester pedophile rot in hell!!!
Please sigh below petition. He was a traitor.\n\npetition.parliament.uk/petitions/122770
murderer
Worst act of betrayal and deceit of the British people that there has ever been.  I really hope Brexit really does mean Brexit and that T.May sees it through.
Heath - The Biggest traitor of UK democracy in History !
Parker is Samoan. He has 20 aunties that would whoop hughie lol
Parker:If I let you push me, do you think it might help ticket sales?\n\nFury: Should I throw some water bottles at you too?\n\nParker: Nah. A decent shove oughta do...\n\nFury: Alright, Mate!
There just trying to get some publicity for the fight. Im a big boxing fan only just found out its showing on tube. I bet most don't know its even on.
WANKERS why on u tube do no one can stream it cunts
Paler looks like a grandad up on the stage
Pathetic attempt at trying to create some controversy and interest.
I'm picking Hughie to beat Parker by UD. I'm not entirely confident about it, but I think he'll pull it off like Tyson beat Klitschko.
Hughie looks fat. He looks untrained.  I'm surprised.  I thought he was pounding beef, not shoving down his throat in the form of Big Macs and Whoppers. Also, I'm laughing at the local simpletons dissing JPs physique...ironic considering it looks like Hughie trained at the pub.
Fucking pikey bastards!!!!
Joseph Parker v Hughie Fury - WHO WINS?
pussys protected by security + teambuddies
start time plz frm NewZealand
Disgusting behavior.  Honestly..  Parker is a gentleman.  What an embarrassment to British boxing .... I Actually hope Parker wins now. He should do anyhow.  He's a formidable fighter. Pissed off with their bs... Peter is alright though.
Hennessy Looks like a Don!!
I think you Hughie Fury will win
Hi
Someone is kissing 👄 the floor ✊👊👊 and it's gonna be hughie lol....auto correct
Cute but wow expensive clothes!! Haha nice one Amelia! Love it as always! X
I guess only Amelia can pull off a fashion video that genuinely radiates with positive energy and keeps you smiling for almost 15 minutes non stop ✨😘 Kisses, gurl, you rock the fashion world and totally deserve that ❤️
I absolutely LOVE your style! Oh how I wished I could afford your beautiful pieces! <3
Woo girl you spend a pretty penny on clothes! Loved watching this though
love your style... but dont have that much money to spend on clothes .... <3
I loved the addition of prices on screen. Helps to know what I can actually afford and click only on those ones 😊 😘
The givenchy boots are amazinggg
This c tilbury palette better be worth it. Trusting you Amelia.
this type of video is amazing!! pls keep doing them
I love your style, gorgerous! You can do a video like this every month.
I never get tired of what a wear videos. This was AWESOME!
Wow just one of your outfits is over 3000 pounds! I realized a lot of bloggers, you tubers, etc during fashion week wear outfits worth over 1000-5000 dollars. I do know that you guys work hard for it! Its just crazy to fathom
Love the Givenchy boots, but the Balenciaga ones are hideous in my opinion. And they are everywhere 😔😔 - but its fun to watch you 👍🏽
OMG!!! So beyond excited for you meeting Charlotte Tilbury! 😍😍😍😍😍 Congratulation, girl!! I know how much you love her and her brand! It must have been a dream come true ✨✨✨
Great style Amelia! And thanks for showing us also your productive and walking gear:) I just loooove how you talk to Duke in the park, I do that also haha. And that nail polish colour looks awesome on you.
Can you please please do an updated hair care/style routine
I love everything except those balenciaga boots, I'm sorry but I just want to set them on fire and watch them burn
Loved this vid!😊💗 hopefully one day I will be successful and be able to afford all of these beautiful things as well hahaha
Loving the new vlog style with pricing for OOTD. Thank you!
love your style!! Have you thought of a video of outfits with no item more than 100?? yellow dress was gorgeous on you!!
That intro thou 😂😂😂😂
That Fashion Week outfit is so Almost Famous!
You know that grey sweater with the pom poms you wore last year? What brand is it? I love it.
Love that you added the prices-so helpful!!
Are you the cutest human alive?
gorgeous outfits
Love the outfits💗
hi Amelia, what brand are your round gold frame glasses from ?
I LOVE dog licks!!! 😂 I feel the exact same whenever I see dogs anywhere!!
The white dress with the slip from Monday evening is so cute! Thanks for showing off your style!
I can't believe your wearing a down jacket already, it was 89 degrees in N.Y. today. Dreading the cold winter ahead and hoping for a really mild winter. You look adorable in whatever you wear.
The white zimmerman dress, bag and shoes combo was TO DIE FOR... really made me rethink that gucci blooms collection ! Looved the video Thank you so much 💗👐
Amelia, I absolutely lovedddd this video 😍😍 perfect!!! Pls do more such videos .. love your style babe x
Your wardrobe is amazing - love everything you wear! Beautiful!!
You are killing it with these outfits girl! I need to get my hands on that gilet xx
Loved this! Where is your pretty gold necklace from? Thanks ! X
OMG Love!!! Last night was my birthday and I think it was the first time all year I wore heels LOLOL <3 <3
I like this series! Should do them more often!
That reversible vest is perfect ahh!!
omg obsess with duke! soooo cute
Everything  is beautiful  😍
Love your hair
Yaaay 🤗 New fashion video 🙄
Amelia, honestly love your videos! 😊😊 love all your handbags!
Great Style 👌🏻😍😘🙋🏻
Looking gorgeous
Love this style of OOTD
We love your style Amelia :-)))
Love the lime dress so much !!!
what size do you have in your toyshop jamie jeans?? <3 love you
Loved this video, and especially loved those glasses you wore walking Duke. Would you mind checking the link for those, as it seems to be to a totally different pair. Love your always positive vibes and your style! Take care!!
Your style is AMAZING!
Amelia, it would be great if you could find more dupes! Love a lot of these but definitely can't afford all of them haha.
Hey, what are those Nike trainers called?
Absolutely loved this video! You should do these more often xx
love how Duke looking at you every day,while  you showing your outfits 😂sooooooo cuuuuute😭😍
Love how you mix designer with high street!
You look like a princess ! In those manolo blahnik
I loved all the guest appearances from Duke in this video....and yes, I too love puppy/dog kisses!
Beautiful clothes, great style love duke in your videos he makes my day. keep up the great work. 👍😊
Loved this! Your style is so cute :))
I surched up my name and I found this lol
DREAAAMY outfits!!! Love your taste in fashion and style! 😍\nCan you recommend the top wardrobe pieces to invest in?
Just wanted to say Amelia a huge congratulations  on doing the video with charlotte tilbury I watched your videos for years and I you have always mentioned her products so to see you working with her in videos is amazing and fabulous congratulations xxxx
So lovely this video 👌🏻 I loved all of your outfits 😍
Your style is so fabulous
Haha I always have at least a pair of heels and another jacket in my car, life saver! But how are you not cold? I live in London as well and I swear I wanna put on my whole wardrobe when I go out haha. Loove the Zimmerman white dress and the Manolos xx
Love love love you. And your hair 😍😍 Duke is the cutest little cutie pie 💞😘
No hate, but why all that price tags? I mean... whats the point? :) Just curious :) ✌
Love from Malaysia..
When I see that notification, I legit freak! Love your videos!!
why are you even fucking bothering? nobody gives a fuck. I'm sat in sports kit, should I film it? no..cos I'm not a narcissistic cunt.
Amelia - the link for the zimmerman dupe isnt working.
The Tularosa dress is one of my favs! Lace and those sleeves, so pretty.
RETARD
You look amazing
Duke!!!  <3
Loved the blog
Love this. Definitely need to do these more often. Super informative
Loved this video Amelia! I loved the informal/vlog style!!! Please make more!! 💜
Love how the romper looks with that coat! Gorgeous!
T cher moche sans maquillage
+1 abonné 😍\nSuperbe vidéo t magnifiques 😘
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bientôt 3M😍tellement fière de toi
I speak English
Ce sont mes videos préférées <3
Trop belle
C mieux quand tu parles
Sublime comme toujours Marie gros bisous 😘😘👌💜💕
Coucou Marie bonne vidéo
T'es tellement jolie 😘
Night routine maintenant ? 😍
l'appétit des chats se régule tout seul il ne faut pas les habituer à manger à heure fixe, il faut leur laisser de la bouffe h24 et ils se serviront tous seuls
J'aime trop❤❤
Super video
tres belle video !
Vidéo au top!
j'adore!!
top 😄😄
Tes trop belle ❤❤❤💋💋💋😀😀😀
Vidéo géniale!!❤ Quand viens-tu au Québec, Marie?!❤❤❤
Tu peux faire la.night routine stpp
Tu es trop belle😍😍😍😍
D'où viennent tes bagues stp?
💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
Où as-tu acheté tes draps de lit ?  Merci beaucoup
lepull h=jaune jadooore
Tes TELLEMENT BELLE😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘MARIE!!!!!!!!
Hey Marie j'aurais voulut savoir avec quel appareil tu filme tes vidéos ?
Très joli look ! J'adore la fin avec Jelly et Nova <3
J'ai trop aimé cette video Marie magnifique bsx
Salut Marie ! \nPour les boutons j'adore utiliser l'huile de coco. Alors à la base je l'utilisais pour hydrater le soir. Une noisette, on fait chauffer, on masse bien et le lendemain la peau est super douce. Et souffrant d'acné je me suis rendue compte que mes boutons partaient plus rapidement avec l'huile de coco. \nEn plus d'être excellente pour la cuisine, elle est super pour la peau et pour faire les masques pour cheveux. Tu devrais la tester !
Sans maquillage on aurait fais quoi srx??
On peut aimer plusieurs fois ? ^^\nSinon j'adore le makeup, il me fait penser à celui d'Anaëlle de la chaîne Beauty Blow !
Ça me fait trop bizarre que ya une marque aussi connue ac mon prénom 😅💪
J'ai de gros problèmes d'acné... cet elixir a-t-il était efficace pour toi ? Je désespère...
Pourquoi Marie utilise encore des produits maybeline alors qu'ils testent sur les animaux ?
Je pense que tu devrais renommer ta chaîne en Marie Lopez parce t'as l'air beaucoup plus toi même maintenant et enjoyphoenix ressemble plus à un rôle que t'avais c'est juste mon avis perso voila bisous ❤️
Superbe vidéo, tu es magnifique! \n(Et pour ceux qui critique sa peau, je pense qu'elle est suffisamment grande pour savoir ce qu'il faut faire ou pas avec tout ce qu'elle a essayé)
tu es vrm magnifique ma belle et j'adore ta nouvelle couleur de cheveux au passage avec ses boucles et cette longeurs sa te change mais je préfère tu es vrm magnifique😍 #teamsushi🍣
Le huda que tu as appliqué n'est pas le Bombshell Marie, tu as dû te tromper ^^. Le Bombshell est un nude orangé, &tu portes une teinte beaucoup plus sombre ! :)
Elle est trop belle marie !!
Marie c quoi la teinte du RAL Huda???\nT’as écris Bombshell mais c’est pas celui là, le Bombshell est un nude beige :/
Au pire vous vous nettoyez juste la peau le matin et vous vous brossez les cheveux et ça suffit largement. J'adore enjoyphoenix mais je trouve qu'elle met bcp trop de produit sur elle. Elle va avoir le visage et les cheveux ravagés plus tard alors voilà...
J'adore ton pull il te bat trop bien. T'es trop belle 😍😍
Salut marie super vidéo ! Dis moi tu pourrais me dire où tu as acheté tes rangements bijoux ils sont magnifiques et ils ont l'air super pratique je n'en trouve pas des comme ca ! Merci bisous continue comme ça 😘
j'adore les morning routine !! Super vidéo ❤❤❤
Je viens de la chaine de vlog juste pour voir le routine teint la, j'aime beaucoup trop je pense que je vais faire chauffer la carte bleu...
J'adore regarder tes morning routine elles sont super !!
J'ai commence a te suivre en 6 eme, je suis en première. Je voulais juste te mettre un coeur parce que j'ai grandi avec toi ❤️
Ce maquillage est canon et ton pull aussi :)
Tu mets à peut prêt combien de temps à te bouclée les cheveux avec le fer à  lisser?
D'où vient cette MAGNIFIQUE couette sushi ????
Comment les gens font pour ne pas t'aimer tu est tellement genial
tu pourras faire un maquillage pour enfants d'un côté du visage et un maquillage adulte sur l'autre partie du visage /je t'adore
Beautiful Marie <3 Continue comme ça :) Merci
Vous pensez qu'elle prends combien de temps à se maquiller ?
Sa ce voit que tu ne travaille pas !!! 15 ans pour ce préparer. ...
Ces couleurs te vont très bien 😊😊
Belle vidéo 😘 Sinon en février pendant le room tour tu parlais d'une video sur ton rangement maquillage... Ca serais une bonne vidéo 💄
Tout te vas super bien je suis jalouse 😍😍😒
C'est la préfère morning routine et j'adore ta housse de couette pour savoir tu la acheter ou elle est JUSTE SUBLIME JE LA KIFF 😍😍😍 .\nGros bisous à Jelly à Nova et surtout à toi Marie ❤❤❤.
J'aime bien quand c'est de courtes vidéos que tu proposes 😄 bisous
J'ai eu question tu habite plus vers lapart dieux ou confluence
Tu peut nous refaire des tuto coiffures stp sinon je t'aime t la plus belle 💟
Hello! J'adore ta vidéo elle est bien travaillée etc mais par contre tes maquillages des yeux j'ai toujorus du mal...Tu n'estompe pas du tout et donc ca fait grosse masse sur l'oeil je trouve ça dommage ça serait magnifique sinon
Les gens qui disent quelle a de l'acné juste parce que elle met bcp de produits : ya plein de YouTubeuse qui font pareil et qui ont une peau parfaite, les YouTubeuse ne se maquille pas autant tout les jours en général c juste pr la vidéo , c'est plutôt un acné du au stress peut être moi aussi depuis la rentrée j'ai des boutons et pourtant je fais pareil que d'habitude
Hey juste pour dire même si je suis spécialiste essayé de manger avant tes animaux en tout cas pour le chiens tu est sencé être son alpha et pour qu'il soit heureux il doit savoir où est sa place .... Bref bisous ma belle
Belle dès le matin une vraie princesse je kiffe tes vidéos Marie
Super vidéo.  J adore ton tuto sa te va super bien. Cette couleur de cheveux te va à merveille . Bisous ma belle teamsushi 🍣🍣🍣🍣🍣❤❤❤
Tu as acheter ou ton pull ? Il est trop trop beau ! 💗 et je tadore ❤
C'est quoi le vernis ? Si quelqu'un sait car il est vraiment beau !
Étant jeune maman ,je dois aller vite le matin .sans compter que des que mon fils dort je dors un peu (Du moins pour le moment étant encore à la maternité ).beaucoup de changement en devenant mère surtout quand c'est le tout début.
marie je sais pas si tu savais mais le mascara il a 2 brosses le bout rouge cest une brosse mais je t'adore tu es trop belle
J'adore ton décors ! Ou as tu acheté la pancarte California ?  J'en suis fan. Bisous
Marie jadore quand tu fais ce genre de vidéo.  😘
Super video hyper bien tourné,  super bien monté et  super musique de fond sinon elle est ou la #teamsushi 🍣
pour le rouge à lèvre hua t'es sure que c'est le bombshell? parce que je l'ai Swatché en magasin et il ressortait pêche un peu, en tout cas rosé... Sinon superbe vidéo
T'es vraiment trop belle j'adore comment t'es organisée et tes bijoux 😍
Ou as tu acheter tes boucles d'oreilles?
Mais comment peut on s'étonner d'avoir de l’acné lorsque l'on met autant de produit chimique sur la peau ?
J'aime trop tes routines 😃 Et ton pull te vas tellement bien ❤ 😘🍣🍣🍣🍣
Tes cheveux sont aussi très beau sans je tu les ai ondulés\n😘
Salut Marie pourrai tu faire une vidéo où tu nous présente tout ton rangement maquillage . J'adore tes vidéo continue
Super ! J'aime beaucoup ! Ça me motive à ressortir mon curl secret
Coucou Marie, je me demandais d'où t'es bijoux viennent je suis tellement fan
Hello ! Je suis amoureuse de tes boucles d'oreilles noires et dorées tu peux me dire d'où elles viennent ? 😍
Super vidéo ! 👍 \nTroop belle 😍😍\nTon pull te va très bien 👌😻
Sent être méchante tu te maquille TROP .Tu pourrais faire plus souvent des tuto maquillage (enfin si tu te maquille pas trop) ou des tuto COIFFURE ?
*La couleurs du pull me fait penser à la couleur d'une maison dans Harry Potter 😉*
tu as une très belle voix tellement douce
Ton rouge a lèvre te va mais juste trop bien!
Tout de va super bien pas que se pull
Ton pull est trop beau!😍❤😉
J'ai une recette miracle contre l'acne. .....
Tu peux faire la vidéo sur le masque led
Hey, j'aurai aimer atteindre juste les 20 abonnés, donc ceux qui me follow, je follow aussi aha (dites en coms et je le fait de suite )
Superbe vidéo bientôt les 3M je t adore marie reste comme tu es
Super vidéo tu es trop belle et jelly et nova sont trop mignonnes 😍😍😍
Super vidéo j'adore continue comme sa je t'adore😍❤❤ Gros bious :')
I love her! She is my soul sister🌹
This one actually feels genuine.
I ❤️ everything about her!
The power to impeach! I love her😎
wow, I'm in love with Tracee Ellis Ross now. Like, seriously. Her whole being is joy and laughter, personified.
She makes me want to run naked across a field of daisies.
I love Tracee! She seems so fun loving and down-to-earth
Instantly one of my fave Vogue 73 Qs.  Thoughtfulness and spontaneity don't always meet, but they do here in this interview! Loved this!
I love her expression when they ask her about her superpower 😂😂💕
I loved this... and the old school phone with a cord at 6:37
Thanks for the house tour Tracee. I love you girl!
The power to impeach had me dying lol
Could you do 73 questions with Demi Lovato
She's so cute!!
best one since Priyanka, Serena, or Selena, whoever's was latest
I like eclectic, comfortable, and bold
LOOL THIS IS THE BEST ONE
her ''real'' self sounds just as fake as her alter egos, i mean wtf.
Favorite style icon?\nMe in 17 years; I'm very hopeful hahaha I love her!!
The power to impeach 😂😂
The only 73 questions that didn't fly by, even though she was in a rush. Personality goes a long way!!!!
Ok, if anybody knows the colour of that blue....Many thanks in advance crossing my fingers!!!
She is such a light and a joy, I love her. She needs a platform where she can just be her beautiful self
Tracee should play JOY part two of inside out she just so naturally happy that it makes me happy love her ❤️
omg she's so fun. i haven't seen much of her work but the few interviews i've seen of her in makes me adore her!
I love her energy!
make this 8 millions view by the end of the year
This is the best, most genuine 73 questions. Hands down.
She's so funny & her style is beautiful. Girlfriends. That was my show. Good ole days ☺️
Love the boots! Love her more! I swear she's my make-believe BFF *wistful sigh*
Why, why, why? Did she really need to say F? Ladies should not speak that way. Love that darn Tracee still. 😍
The power to impeach.\n👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Hi everyone, i made a kickstarter gig its an amazing project please let me know what you guys think about it and hopefully support it http://kck.st/2ytXoRr
Omg I just love her!!! We need more people like you Trace!!!
She is too good and pure for this world
Never seen an interview with her before but I love this woman, what amazing energy!
What's the name of the second writer she mentioned?
Just always amazed at how grounded, down to earth Tracee is...that stays connected to her Black culture and works, despite her privilege! She truly is talented. I love her.
She is so sweet
loved. did you guys get the author of the second book she recommended
The finale is everything!
I love her vibe and her energy, she makes me so happy! ✨
If you haven't seen her on W's Screen Tests with Lynn Hirschberg, I highly recommend it.
this is legit the most NATURAL interview from the series ...
Loooove Tracee!! She's my celebrity idol! A woman of substance with amazing style, grace, genuine joy and confidence. My favorite Vogue 73 questions thus far!!!😍
Can someone pls tell me the names of the authors she told us about, thank you so much! I wanna read the book titled anything and I didn't get the name of author.
I would really love to know how Tracee keeps her energy up during the day without stimulants. I have issues with caffeine, even in chocolate, as well but I'm also tired all the time...
I love everything about her.. beautiful person inside and out
BEST ONE THUS FAR
The most authentic of all these. I love her!
One of the best ones, hands down.
Sorry, but she and SJP are probably the only mature and inspiring folks that have been featured so far.
#woke. She #woke up like this too.
Ok that’s the best 73 Q video so far
Tracee is amazing- def one of the most stylish women at this moment
I love her personality.
This was hands down the best one--sooooo much fun!  Love her house! Love her clothes!  Love her!
73 questions with lily Collins please
Her vibes always makes me happy, & her soul so beautiful , full of life & positivity.  💕💙💕❤️
Love her! She's so real! But how does she live without sugar, caffeine, and chocolate 😭!?
73 Questions with Miley Cyrus please!!
DO IT WITH ZAYN MALIK PLEASE
I could watch this over and over again. I love Tracee so much. This interview is one of my top faves.\nIt was cool when she said would do a threesome with Rihanna and James Dean.
Not a dull moment !! I love this woman :) Earnest, intelligent, sexy, confident, funny and such an individual. More love and power to you Tracee !
I love her i love her i love her i love her i love her la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la amo la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro la adoro
lmao @ her life coach alter ego.  That was good!
Loved it !!!
Very LA
she is my fucking fave.
Lol
Omg I love herr
This was literally the only one that didn't feel scripted and contrived.
This is the absolute best and most inspiring 73 Questions I could ever dream of. THANKYOUTRACEEILOVEYOU
She’s my favorite
Honestly the best 73 questions so far! love love love Tracee
BEST ONE EVER this is how it should feel like you just popped over your olf friends except that your getting to know each other
James... Deen? 😂
Love this woman, icon.
73 Questions with Rihanna, Yara Shahidi, and Issa Rae please lol
My Scorpio sister!!!
<3
She is absolutely amazing!
Tracee is the 💣
Tracee is everything!
73 Question with Ariana Grande💕
I wanna be like Tracee 😘😍
ARIANA grande next please 😊😊😊
YA$$$$$$$$ KWEEN💁🏽🙌🏽💁🏽🙌🏽💁🏽🙌🏽
I LOVE her!💜
This was SOOOO funny!
I CLICKED SO FAST.
So great!!
love it!!
Cool lady!
I love her :)
😍😩😍
Queen!
Looooove Tracee
Goddess
tracee is iconic.
up until now, this is the greatest thing we've ever done.  Lettuce know what can top this...
You should name\nit how to gain 250 pounds 101
BUT THAT SUNSET THO
do the bagel dance🤣
Looks like Donut
Do a giant croissant 🥐
Giant Reese's peanut butter cup
Try make something mini
please make giant rolled ice cream!! 😭
Make a giant croissant 🔥🔥🔥😍🤤😍
NORMAL MASTER RACE!!!!!!!!!!!1!111! Bb
Make a giant macaroons pls
what difference betwen Bagel and Donuts?
Do naked egg taco shell from Taco Bell.
Make  Dr pepper ice cream
Giant
Do giant doretos
Shepherd's Pie inside a Meatloaf?\n:Please
Diagnostic milk powder?  How about diastatic malt powder?
Do a giant mcflurry
Cant wait for my oven....
make a holo pancake!
Fried egg shell taco
GAINT LUNCHABLE!
oh and something about snapchat
But that sunset tho
900 bagel bites
Your so cool jp
Do a giant Big Dipper
But That Sunset Tho!!!
Giant Italian Rice  Ball ( Arinchini ) filled with meat sauce,cheese, sweet peas. Breaded and deep fried...
ive never had a bagel bite
Like 50 bagel bites in 1 sitting
so good
Make a giant cannoli
Honestly Julia is cringey
6:22 BUT THAT SUNSET THO❤️❤️
27 exactly
Never had one...
Plz do pizza rolls
I HATE BAGEL BITES!!!!
Can you make applebee’s chicken quesdilla
Make a giant pissbery pizza pop
DO A GIANTTTTT GUMMYYYYYY
Gosh dang it now I want Bagel-bites
I havent even tryed one ;-; cri
Make pizza pockets
Make actual BAGEL bites. They're just pizzas with a hole. Or maybe it's a bagel hack?
I legitimately thought they said Bon Jovi has sponsored this video.
Wait when did they get engaged?
Do weird food that the tasted is so good
If only I'm your son😭😭😏😏
https://youtu.be/fOuaLT04h2A , make Lord Beeris burger. Please!!!!!!..... make a anime corner once a month. Food based on or favorites from anime.
you were getting a lil intimate with that dough jp
6:22 using mark doner's but that sunset tho
Make a pizza pretzel \n•make a strip of pizza\n•roll it\n•make it into a pretzel shape.
1:56 lol you got Hair into it
What’s the song their playing?
We don't have bagel bites in England which sucks because they look so good
When JP said it poofed over night I couldn't help but think of Markiplier
🎶Do the bagel dance, bagel dance🎶\n- Jake Paul
honestly my fave couple <3 they always have so much fun together!
I’ve never eaten a bagel because I dont live in America or a country that sells them
I really wanna try that!! Great job guys🌚💛
Jp: people who hate giant things \nPersons name is :I like small things in my mouth lol 😂
CAN YOU DO GIANT FISH STICKS OR CAN YOU DO ANOTHER HOW TO MAKE THE TOP TEN MENU OR SUM THING S CHANNEL!!!!
GALAXY TACOS GALAXY PIZZA GALAXY CAKE GALAXY BURGER AND GALAXY HOTDOGS!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n LIKE IF YOU  AGREE
At 1:58 a hair gets on the dough😂🤢
Does Anyone Else Watch These At Night Then Get Really Hungry After? :D
Yall should do a giant recipe backwards like so they can see
Anyone notice the hair on the counter?
Make Subway's Autumn carved turkey sandwich
I can eat 80 (2 packs) if if i did not eat lunch at school I can
I have no idea what bagel bites are because I don't think we have them in uk or at least Newcastle
Is this video still monotized
It’s not bagel bite it’s bagel bites see what I did no ok ;-;
ik im not the only one who wants to know the song at the end its 🔥🔥🔥🔥
1:14 \n\nDirty Minded me: Hehe..\n\n\nMe: Why ..\n\n1:33 \n\nDirty Minded me: Put That thumb In there..*Moan*\n\nMe : AH GUN PLEASE GIMME A GUN
Make a giant candy cow tail
i would eat a whole box of bagelbites
But a giant Bagel Bite is just pizza..kinda
who else is eating a bagel bite right now?? XD
I've never had a bagel bite
1:36\nLol, did JP try his hardest to make the funniest and most awkward food porn sentence.
this is so cool!! I wanna make bagel bites now lol
But i want a LOT of normal size bagels =O
Try to make a giant churro
Why don't you do a giant Philly cheese steak hot pocket
Can u also make something TINY
When the music I was like But that sunset THO
i like the julia slo mo eating, but then ...oh no! jp close up, ahhh.
I can eat 150 in one sitting
Has no one seriously notice all the hair??? When they're cutting to do the mini bagels, ( 1:57 ) bottom right there's hair on the table being mixed into the dough.
best video made so far
whats the song at 6:21
JP'S voiceover, I CAN'T!! lol
I feel weird watching this because I've never had bagel bites
Can u make a giant bubble gum
Bruh I tried the 10,000 calories challenge and quit at 2,800
OMG AT 1:57 THERES A HAIR ON THE DOH not a heiter doo
DJ Snake Lyrics\nA Different Way\n(feat. Lauv)\n\nCould you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nAnother love, so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
The beat is new...
Have this on repeat 😍💯
Who's here before million views!!😂😂😍
please lauv,just be my secret:(
New album of Justin Bieber ......with DJ snake...
This needs a badass video like (Let me love you)
jum cak jum cak cak 
Drop is unique but odd.
More producer will produce something like this soon!
No shit this is like some good shit and the beat is nice like if u like it to 😋🦄
I fel something Strong hit my heart ♡ 》 》
This is a song I very like
A lot of West-Africa in DJ snakes music lately 🔥
Hey guys\nWe made a Remix of dj snake's a different way\nCheck it out! :D\nhttps://vid.me/os6zC
The Background melody Sounds like \nAriana Grande - One last time
The song is about pong padidabadapipapa pongpapa
how many of you guys scrolled down juss to prevent the screen from hurting your eyes
Another banger Music from DjSnake😉like if you agree 😋😎😍😘
Just chilling a different way
It feels like not DJ Snake like I know. :(
i love this time 0:57
How long before this becomes very famous
A few days ago his hometown felt the song 🗼... Now it feels the whole world 🌎💕... Very happy to be able to listen to this wonderful song, too incredible, its lyrics, the rhythm, something so unique 😍😍😍😍😍😍💘💘💘💘... One of my favorites now 😊🤗... I am very proud of you idol!!!😍😉 Much love and support from Venezuela my love!!!💛💙❤ I LOVE YOU DJ SNAKE 🐍👑
Even a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain
Drops in 'a different way'
Was waiting for new Lauv song, because their lyrics are so good. :) Good job, greetings from Lithuania ;)
You'll be the victim too many times....
the beat killed it! Lauv finally getting attention he deserved long ago :D
Could you believe I could be different?\nI'll be the difference, I'll lift you high\nAnd I understand your hesitation\nOur reputation, it's no surprise\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy my dear\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\n[Drop]\n\nI know that love is so unforgiving\nYou've been a victim too many times\nAnd I'll be the friend, hold you together\nI'll be forever, will you be mine?\n\nSo let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy my dear\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\nHey, hey, hey\nI swear I'll love you in a different way\n\n[Drop]
This is a different , unique beat!...
Fire I was in a sf club dancing with an Asian chick to this.
the background sound is fantastic!!!!
I still dont know if i like the drop or not but damn, props to snake to release some weird shit
love the nostalgic tropical sound. here b4 the 1M and already got this on loop. :b
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0URe2ivwr0&feature=youtu.be i do remix and posted my first video, take a look please :)
I love everything about this song except the drop. I just cant listen to it, it doesn't match the rest of the song at all
Come to San Francisco!!! Please I love u❤️
the beat is so LIT 💯 very clever!
Where are my Lauv fans at?
Even a broken heart, can beat again... <3
I'm so proud of Lauv! <3
Let me loveeeeeeee.......... with a different way :v
I think that this song has to be listened to the highest volume to enjoy it at its best 🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥\n\nCheck out my Ableton 9 remake of track !\n\nhttps://youtu.be/eBTlHEvIdLw\n\n🔥🔥🔥🔥
A different way YES it is DIFFERENT !
When I LEAN ON in the MIDDLE then THE HALF of my body GET LOW and then I TALK to somebody, he says TURN DOWN FOR WHAT!! 😋😋😋
only 617k views till now :( \nthis song deserves a lot more.
*Sits in the corner* as  I'm the only one who loves the drop😢😢
*_Woah, it's really A Different Way of dropping the beat down_*
DJ Snake is probably my favorite producer. He never disappoints!
I accidentally clicked this. This is my lucky day!
Watch new sexy video here https://youtu.be/p0gE7at8PKo
the beat 😲😻😻
check out this remix https://youtu.be/qE2sTYrcG8Q
BEFORE 500K VIEW !
wow omg that beat was thrilling
Drop is Booooooring !!!\nLovely vocals!!!\nSuperb melody !!!
Lauv <3 , so proud of youuu
WTF
djsnake_forever 💗
Ooooooooh finally ❤️ 🔥
Really Unique BEATS..!!
LAUV♥♥♥
Here before 489k
why isn't this trending?
00:01-01:00 perfect👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
nyc voice
Lauv? DJ Snake? Omfg never expecting this featuring
80% Lauv voice ❤️\n20% DJ snake 🙏
oh my ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
lauving it dj snake ❤
❤️😧
dj snake  ... awesome bro....
A Different Way
Good Collab
I Lauv DJ Snake
The things goes papabagidagidapapa bahskwbdiwiebskaisvskabfoeornso paboom
Libya and Algeria marooc
Acoustic Version Please.. :3
REMIX ASAP
LAUV!!! 😍😍😍❤❤
djsnake is l💝v 😘
WOW
fine song
This cover resembles the Aviciis cover Avīci 01
Lauv
Why everyone copying Soca music.
woowww
💞
♥️❤️
here before 1 mil??
DAMN !!! Its UNIQUE <3
Snake is dope 🔥
:/
Great song
Ed Sheeran was here
Woow so new
nice 🔥🔥🔥
Drop it
I love the simple aesthetic and all the close ups. Kind of reminds me of the Am I  Pretty video.
This is my feel good song. This song is so beautiful and it just hits home. I swear I've been different since the day I heard it. I've been listening to you guys forever but this song, it just linked up with my soul.
i think i’m in love with this band
(one of) my favorites songs + favorite flower = beautiful video \nCan't wait to see you guys in Sacramento!
this album is a milestone. love it so much,makes me feel so many different emotions,it had such an impact on me
Met these lovely guys on April 10, the week after LLL was reased at a pop up show in downtown LA. They were the loveliest and nicest people I've ever met. This album is so good and Taxi is one of my favorite songs off it. They are always so creative with their music videos, i love it. Hopefully i get to see them perform live for the first time during the Modern Nostalgia tour and talk to them again!💜
Every single one of your songs strikes a new chord. They are so raw and real- I'm a huge fan and I can't wait to see y'all again ❤️
Hi yes I saw y’all at warped tour in 2016 in NC and you changed my life that day. The energy y’all had was amazing and it’s one of the best live shows I’ve ever seen.  I love you guys so much and would love to see you again ❤️❤️❤️
this music video is so aesthetically pleasing to watch😍
Y'all are seriously my favorite band :) I have seen y'all twice and I cannot wait to see y'all for a third time! I adore yalls sound and unique sound! Please share the tickets with me so I can have my friends experience yalls awesomeness just like I have 😊❤️
being the procrastinator that i am, i've waited until now to watch this video. i think you guys are the only band that i truly love anymore. you're great and i love you
The aesthetic of this video is so cool! Another awesome music video by The Maine, also love this song so much! Great job guys!!!!
Congrats, guys! This music video is so amazing and my favorite so far!
I love the old-school film style of the video! How Do You Feel? is my favorite song--not only of LLL--but altogether of yours and I think the red theme in the background and on all of the instruments was the perfect way to symbolize the message of the song; there's blood running through your veins and how do you feel? Do you feel passion for life, what shakes your world and breaks your heart? It's a great reminder to really live life instead of just be alive. Thanks for the inspiration and the great video! I would DIE to see you all perform LLL & AC in full in Baltimore! ❤️❤️❤️
You guys have come suchhhh a long way it's so amazing how many peoples souls you've touched with your music
the maine and aesthetics, the recipe to perfection
I love this video and it’s vibe! These boys never disappoint. Thanks for keeping it fresh!
SUCH A GREAT ALBUM! I can't even!! This is too good😭😭💜
I got a Wendy's commercial before watching this video and now I'm craving fries. Anyways this song makes me feel something. Wish I could see you all on tour.
My fav on the album! So happy they made a video for it!
This song always makes me cry 'cause it hits home so much. Very, very lovely video you guys!
I've watched this way too many times... yet here I am again. 😍😂
me ? crying at how much i love these boys ? you betcha
This is my favorite song off the new album and I'm sooo excited to hear it on the Modern Nostalgia tour! also I'm intrigued by the girl in the video for .2 secs. What happens to her?!?
I’m shaking in my boots
Why dosent this have alot of views?!?
The Maine just has that ability to create and perform songs that you want to be enveloped in <3
Such a good song
no offence but john o'callaghan has the prettiest eyes
Manila's waiting for the modern nostalgia tour!!
How do you feel?
this is beautiful BUT COULD YOU PLEASE ADD A SF DATE
ARE YOU ALIVE BUT ARE YOU LIVING?! MY FAVE LINE YOU GUYS NEVER FAIL! White suit yas please <3
Always killing it with the aesthetics. So much love for this band and the whole 8123 family.
Great song. Love the aesthetics
it's been a while since I haven't found a good song by a band, thanks guys
Please please please give me tickets I want to see garretts hair in person
I LOVE THIS I LOVE YOU
Window Tinting Training and Window tinting Classes Learn window tinting \ntips and get Window Tint Training. http://bit.ly/2foSfWa
Love love love this song. Maybe my favorite from the album. Keep it up you guys 😁
I really love how there's always a concept behind every album period. Especially love this one 💕
You guys keep putting out the coolest videos! Super impressed and excited to have visuals to go along with the most incredible album. Aesthetic game so strong
Nice video 💛💛💛💛\nLoved Kennedy's guitar
THANK YOU SOO MUCH FOR MAKING A MUSIC VIDEO FOR THIS. THIS SONG MEANS A LOT TO ME❤️
I wonder how many roses you guys have been through during the LLL era so far 😂
WHAT A MUSIC VIDEO!!!!! Guys, please release a Behind The Scenes version.
this song is so good I cant
wow, I love this video so much!! Me and my friend olivia would love to see you guys in Cleveland!!! American candy and LLL are two of my all time favorite albums , I would love to share this experience with my best friend!
Just beautiful and very sensitive and kind...Bravo!
god this is the loveliest thing... I think if I HAD to pick a favorite song from LLL, it'd be tough but this one would probably be it. this song somehow is both the best song to jump around to dance to and my go-to I had a bad day I need to drive around late at night screaming the lyrics to a song that makes me feel better track. CAN'T WAIT FOR MODERN NOSTALGIA
It really warms my heart seeing how far y'all have come since I found you guys on Myspace back in 2008. Here's to many more years to come watching y'all do what you love because you love it! :)
You are the best guys❤️
This song definitely gets me in my feels 😭 the opening line gives me chills every time. “Dearly depressed and broken hearted” love you guys so much 💕
I'd sell my left leg to hear this live
Tão lindos ❤️
Love this. Love you punks. So so proud 💕
Gave me some That Thing You Do! vibes :) Great video for an exceptional song! Thanks for continuing to spoil us with such great content!
This video is beautiful. The Maine always kills aesthetic. Me and my best friend would love 2 tickets to the Buffalo  NY date. This band has deeply impacted both of us and brought us closer as friends. We are so thankful for this band and we were lucky enough to see you earlier this year. Thank you for creating music and impacting so many lives
This song hits me really hard for reasons unknown. I would love to see you guys in Nashville ☺️
my second favourite off the album, ty for the amazing video and song! <3 I wish there was a toronto date ahhhhh
I would like tickets to the Long Island show! I’ve been a fan since 2008 and I’ve been to every tour since 2010! My sister and I also got matching Maine tattoos this summer! You guys have gotten me through a lot of tough times, I’d love to see you again 💛💛
If I cover three walls of my living room in red roses floor to ceiling, will you come and play this for me?
they are really gay they suck ck
never feel anything less than warmth and light with everything you put out for us !!!!!
TAKING BACK SUNDAY VIBES ALL OVER THIS VIDEO. I AM LIVING!!!
Still have yet to come out with a bad video, you guys killed it again !!!
Favorite band in middle school, high school, and beyond! Still so in love with y'all! Love the aesthetics :)
I love the flower guitar!!!!!!!!!🌹🌹 And everything else too
You guys can do no wrong in my eyes! This video is creative and keeps it interesting, but doesn't do so much that it takes away from the music. Love it, and love you.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend*\nA interesting & Entertaining New Song hope you all will Share and order This Download here's The info   ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
I love this video! And just saw that it is trending!!
also this video is so beautiful afksjdkfjdkfgj
I didn't think it was possible to love this song more than I already did. Proved me wrong 💕
Probably my favorite song on the album and the video made me love it more than I thought I could!
This video is pretty dang cool. I love the flower background. And the boys look damn good, like always. Good work, guys!
I've never heard of these guys but I found them in the trending section. I am now off to buy their album 🙃❤.
Real men listen to the maine 👊🏻
John bebezinho, o amor que eu tenho por esse álbum é imenso <3333333333333
I love the feel of this video 😍 so old-school and awesome. Love love love you guys and this album ❤
I didn't know Linus from Linustechtips was in a band
this band never fails to make me feel whole again
If I win the tickets I'm taking my friend Ana she likes you guys
It sucks how little recognition deserving bands like these get. And shit songs like despacito, etc gets so much attention. These songs help people through shit and make them feel happy. World's a fucked up place.#IamTheMaine
please give me tickets x
🇺🇸🍬 & ❤▫🚶
como amo ❤
my boys are so dapper
Nice instrumental
Great video kids
😍
THIS IS ART
<3
love u guys amazing video
Where's Halle Berry
Yaaaaassss queens 👑👑
Maravilhoso
nope. weaksauce try hard emo rock. nope.
Blackberry
I never win anything
Nice
Dawn thus correspondent task desire short must carry chef.
So mad cow disease is Kuru for cows?
Mad Cow was so over hyped by the Vegans and Tree Huggers. There is no proof that any human was infected with BSE by eating beef. But then again, eating cow brains is a delicacy in some parts of Europe.\nCJD doesn't appear to be the result of zoonosis.\n3:41 It is unlikely that CJD is spread by blood transfusions.
What Happened to Mad Cow Disease? They renamed it PMS. \nI sincerely apologize for the above. But I just could not resist, I'm a bad, bad man.
know why it's called PMS ?\n\n\n\nbecause ...... 'Mad Cow Disease is ALREADY TAKEN !!!
Cow 1 to cow 2: Are you worried about mad cow disease? Cow 2: Why would I be? I'm a chicken!
dont eat cow in uk\nill remember that
I think it's safe to say that most animals can't handle any form of cannibalism. When humans eat humans specifically human brains the person dining will most likely develop a lovely disease known as Kuru a.k.a laughing sickness. This is also a prion disease that eats away at the brain causing it to look spongey. Basically it's mad cow disease for humans. Not saying all animals can't eat their own kind but there's a reason why we shouldn't feed ourselves and animals ground up remains of their species. I'm sure somewhere out there is a mad scientist experimenting on this occurrence to understand why cannibalism causes such strange ailments or what causes a perfectly healthy prion to become a traitor.
Scrapie was likely to have been caused by the inbreeding of sheep for desirable characteristic
1:59
Prions suck.
A family friend just died a month ago of vCJD. I wonder when they made this video. Was he included in the four cases from the U.S., or has the number now jumped to five? :(
and what about the reference to rapeseed content of the feed causing Mad Cow Disease? I understand that when it was removed from the feed the disease mysteriously disappeared. Also in order to use it for human consumption, they (canola industry) knew they had to reduce the poisonous content to make it nearly safe for human consumption....
I once knew a contortionist named Prion she drove all the men insane
I’ve never been able to donate blood because of my time living in Europe during the height of Mad Cow Disease.
Deadly Feasts By Richard Rhodes is a really interesting book about mad cow and related diseases in both humans and other animals. It follows the researchers who discovered it and the prions that cause it. Or look up the documentary Kuru: The Science and the Sorcery here on YouTube to learn about and see one of those researchers and the vCJD he studied.
How did people get vCJD if it's not transmitted through meat?
I knew JCVD was deadly but damn.
they also make pigs carnival.
I still don't like hamburgers though. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan. I just hate the taste. :|
if you want to know more about this, look up kuru
Why were we feeding ground up sick animals to cows? Don't cows eat grass?
YOUTUBE FOR FUCKSAKE STOP RECOMMENDING ME THIS VIDEO, I ALREADY WATCHED IT TWICE
And now we're feeding chicken by products to chickens..........
