*laughs at all the flat earthers*
руками ? запуск спутника ? еще б лопатой с мешка
This is incredible
That is just amazing footage.
This looks really fake......
cgi team used the wrong altitude. this video is rendered at 1533km altitude.
Dear flat earthers, 99.99% of *educated* people believe in a round earth. They also believe in gravity. I wonder who are the brainwashed people here..
Earth is flat\nBastards from russia started the modern brainwashing
Fake.  The Earth is flat.  Fuck Roscosmos ! Fuck NASA !  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5ZN289jjDo
but what happens with the people water is your answer to the flat or spherical earth the water is always level and can not curve
FAKE\nCLOUDS DONT MOVE AT ALL! GO OUTSIDE, PUT YOUR IPHONE TO TIMELAPSE, POINT AT CLOUD, RECORD 1 MINUTE, THEN PLAY. U WILL SEE THE CLOUD MOVE *SO MUCH* ON TIMELAPSE THAT THIS VIDEO SHOULD HAVE SO MUCH MORE CLOUD MOVEMENT. IM SICK OF THESE VIDEOS.
They forgot the add in the stars again
Where are the stars?
Not saying Earth is flat but this looks fake as fuck.
Super :-)
inb4 flat-earthers: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This is not 360 degrees.
Sometimes reporting on these things hits me hard. I know I've said it before, and I'll continue to say it but please call, text, email, or better yet tell someone in person you love them today. The world can be so cruel and our time isn't guaranteed. In case someone hasn't said it to you today, I love ya, Nation. <3
Nice try you should have your own late show.All you need is some attempted fake crying.You really need to see the lying lame stream media videos of man shot three times in the chest and released from hospital the next day.Man shot in the back of the head and made a full recovery giving interview while smiling his ass off.Oh I nearly forgot about the hero,after being shot in the neck went on to help injured,and apparently still has the bullet in his neck.Although there is no sign of any bandage.STOP LYING!
Stoping the democrats on CNN will stop mass shooting, GET THEM IN JAIL NOW, be4 another mass shooting they create happens again.
For the best info look for David Icke and Paul Joseph Watson.
Lol Isis is like yeah we did it... alright ima go back to sleep now
No we don't.
Forget nevada state law, the word terrorism has a definition.  \n\nter·ror·ism\n[ˈterəˌrizəm]\nNOUN\nthe use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims.\n\nLaws change state by state, country by country and so on.  These are not universal so to speak.  Defined language however is one place we should be able to agree.  You can somehow pass a law stating that looking at someone for more than 2 seconds constitutes assault but that doesn't change the definition of the word assault.
White on white crime- Who gives a fuck, not meJust like whites don't care about Black on Black crime. Mass shooters are WHITE TERRORIST all the time. But amerikkka won't call it that unless your a person of color.
You should pray harder and get more guns. More severe prisonsentences. More death. Seems to work. Oh. The American way.
You have past on fake news by denying that there was other shots fired at other hotels.
The recipe of shootings like this is pretty set in stone. Big shooting happens. Everyone runs around like headless chickens spewing anything that could even be remotely connected to it. Or at the very least may appear to be connected. Then there's the crazies and idiots that deliberately lie about responsibility and spread false info. And then about 2-3 days follows of a giant clusterfuck of all sorts of bullshit floods the info lanes. Slowing down the real information getting to the forefront. Then it starts turning into the same old song and dance called gun control where the usual suspects scream at each other from the safety of their little internet fort.\n\nQuite frankly, its rather annoying. Wish people who have no fucking clue what's going on did some basic legwork before spewing nonsense. And those deliberately lying just stop. Also, if you want to talk gun control. How about you focus on making it harder to obtain illegal weapons, or obtaining weapons illegally in general. I get it, you want some regulations in place for how to legally obtaining weapons. But you're never going to be able to properly adjust for that unless you deal with the illegal side off it first.
Look this is a horrible situation, but i have a suggestion Phil, you have a great news channel but maybe instead of not getting the money from these videos, just get them and donate them to charities that involve that tragedy.
Condolences to everyone affected, My heart goes to all of you and I wish you the strength for the hard times to come. This is my opinion but in a DUI we blame the driver, in a bombing we blame the bomber but why in a shooting do we blame the gun? even if guns were banned entirely bad people will find a way to get them, like most illegal things. Yes gun regulation needs a look at but if someone good has a gun at the right time and the right place that's lives that could be saved. Bad people will find a way and D-bags will be D-bags, nothing changes that, this guy might've been sick or whatever, doesn't change the fact he was a bad person and that he just needs to be forgotten, we remember the people affected and will honor their names but not the d-bag.
Thank you, Philip. I'm saddened by the fact that so many are using this situation to spread more theories and dramatics about things unrelated, unprovable, and unnecessary when we should be focused on the real topics at hand. When we should see an event like this and come together as a nation, as a people and make changes happen to help prevent this type of thing in the future.
The fake victim, 3:33, on the right is a porn star i believe.
Bump fire stocks dont sound like that. Sounds like a M240 Bravo. just another deep state bullshit.
Finally a guy with common sense! I hate how the media seems glorify these acts of violence!\nGun control, isn't the problem! Mental Health issues and society itself is the problem!
You would think that Aldean would have told people to run over his microphone. The POS, p*ssy.
Too bad no one believes it.
I get not showing the killers face so you can deny some notoriety but showing a flag that has flown above hundreds to thousands of  brutal executions is doing the same exact thing. Anyone with knowledge of liveleak and a strong stomach has seen  human beings killed in the most brutal fashion (ie beheadings w det cord/having a car w prisoners shot at with an rpg/ drownings in a swimming pool/thrown from buildings). The Kurds I work with call ISIS 'dogs'. Don't say you won't show this guy and still raise the IS flag up shortly after. My 2¢, thanks.
This is absurd that youtube was under attack by our own government just because people said and gave their own evidence that it was a conspiracy. This right here proves that the FBI and the US government do not want the public to think that for specific reasons. Certain posts were banned but if the theory of a conspiracy was under attack as it was then there is more to the story then what was told by mainstream news. Mr Paddock was not mentally ill. There was no surveillance footage released showing Stephen entering the hotel room or lobby with a suspicious arsenal of weapons.The investigation was rushed when the weapons were found in his room and he was the only one in there. He could have been a victim of a setup and used as a patsy which is highly plausible due to the information about uncovered about himself being a peaceful wealthy man. The investigation only used circumstantial evidence to pin the murders on Stephen Paddock. This smells fishy and you need hard forensic evidence to conclude an investigation. It is not hard to make a man look like he shot himself if you know what you are doing. I would say due to the lack of evidence in the investigation there is a high probability that there is something the US government does not want you to know. If this was a shooting committed by others the motive was clear to enforce strict regulations of Gun control and an excuse to go after countries that harbor members of Isis and any other terrorist groups alike.
0:00 Dude, fuck what you're talking about, I had a great day that day and view it as such. I don't live my life in direct correlation to whatever happens, good or bad, everywhere else in the US or the world. Don't you dare speak for other people.
His name is Stephen Paddock and he is at the center of this which means it is important to talk about him. It does no good to not talk about him. Talking about the heroes of this event will not stop the next terrorist and having hope will not stop the next one. Thoughts and prayers won't either. Real journalism will and you're a part of that. Complete the picture by talking about the gunman. Calling him names or bad mouthing him is not going to help. In fact, he may have a mental disorder in which case we'd have to talk about mental disorders which means the most important human brains to talk about are the ones that actually did something like this, not just the ones that may theoretically be driven to. Stephen Paddock is famous, whether you like it or not. Now we need to talk about him and piece this together.
More gun control, thoughts and prayers, banning things, government control and making more laws is NOT going to stop massacres. If someone wants to kill a mass amount of people, they will find a way to do it one way or another. I really wish people would stop believing that more government control needs to be established, I couldn’t think of a more wrong way to go about horrible situations like this.
Your very impartial I really enjoy your style of news presentation you try and cover all aspects and not swing left or right
Remember: The demographic of people responsible for the most deaths of human beings is governments (just in the 20th century we had Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot, the Kims, Mussolini, and Saddam Hussein, amongst others) and gun bans don't apply to them. Gun ban = assigning wolves with the task of disarming the sheep to protect the peaceful sheep from the violent sheep.
Loved how he had the humility to leave out the like and subscribe part! Love ya Frankie ❤
Why do 3k people dislike this?
Paddoch got pissed at the world because he lost his phony little slip & fall law suit.
If you want to shoot in Chicago guess what you do, drive to Indiana. Federal laws are needed.
Have we figured out a profile for all these terrorist in America?
You need to make your videos about gun control because you say that there will be a big debate over the next month but there won't!
This guy is an ignorant corporate puppet not able to comprehend the situation and how he is contributing to the downfall of his country. The government wants to abolish the second amendment for obvious reasons and if you would research outside of mainstream media you will find the lies fed to you are quite disturbing. Don't believe anything you are told, consider all information available and form your own opinion, Phillip de Franco is not qualified to give you any of this information.
Phil, it's motifs and videos like this is the reason why you've had rock solid respect in my book after many many years of watching.
the mass shooting was differently a false flag shooting im from texas and live in texas and they are already say more gun control fuck that if you try and take my guns my whole state will shoot.
Was the said man as a shooter, framed or scapegoated? It sounds really strange, like Oswald.
Not terrorism. I get that you want to place that on something for someone so evil but use the definition as intended so that we can distinguish the differences.
I wish people would stop making videos on this attack on my city before all the evidence comes out.   Today the local news is saying paddock might have accomplices and he had explosives in his cars and may have had an escape plan to cause more harm.   But go speak more about guns before we find out more of his motive and if he has  people that might be on the run that might cause something more heinous in the near future
it doesn't make sense.... why all the guns and not more ammo.... this stinks of false flag.
Your neutrality on the news reports is such a breath of fresh air in this bullshit world. All I've seen since this tragedy is conspiracy theories and gun control squabbles, as well as people blaming things totally unconnected. Almost nothing about the victims. Thank you Phil, for giving them the respect they deserve and for not giving the animal who did this the spotlight. I appreciate you so much.
I I think you're a great person with a great channel, but by not giving the identity of the perpetrator's name, you make ppl only more curious. They are less likely to search him up if his identity is revealed.
it hits me hard that murica kills zivils in the east like in syria everyday. Everyday hundreds of woman, children, babys getting killed from american bomb-carpets. Noone gives a shit. I mean, its sad that there was a man shooting 50 innocent people in las vegas. but this country is doing even more shit in wars they started by themself. wake up guys.
My mother was in Las Vegas for her one year anniversary with her new husband and they were in an Uber when all this happened. She called me at 2 AM letting me know she was OK. All I can think about is if she Uber to a little bit earlier maybe she would've gotten hurt and I feel so blessed that she's alright
I feel like there had to be more then one shooter... & I definitely think there should be more control over what weapons are being sold...  I was just at a county music concert a few weeks ago and I don't even want to imagine how it was to go though sometime like this, It's so sad , so many inocente life's gone 😕
The news said that Isis said they denied any involvement in the Las Vegas shooting. But the shooter said otherwise in a book he wrote in along with other guns in his hotel room. How did he bring in such big guns without the hotel noticing anything weird
its a normal day why coz its not you know who is not init.thats why its not all over in the news
3:33 wow... The child of porn legend Johnny Sins' took one of his behind the scenes glamor shots and tweeted it out as a fake missing persons plea. He must be so embarrassed right now.
The Nevada legal definition of terrorism is different from the actual definition of terrorism...
Philip DeFranco \nGREAT JOB PHILIP!!!!!!!!\nON TELLING THE TRUTH, AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH!!!!!!\nYOU DID A GREAT JOB POSTING THE FACTS AT THE TIME YOU KNEW WHAT YOU DID.\nNOTHING HAS CHANGED SINCE YOU MADE THIS VIDEO.\nTHAT IS VERY VERY GOOD ON YOU, AND YOUR STAFFS BEHAVE!! \nKEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!!!!<3
Big question: Who are the ones disliking this video? Is there literally 3,000 trolls watching this video just to dislike it?? He's merely discussing a tragedy and giving information in order to help the victims. I'm so not clear what is there to freaking dislike?!?!?!?!
I need to make money off a tragedy buy masking it with a fundraiser is the true title.
ISIS trying to be responsible dat fuzzed up \n\n\n\n\n\ncause they want to save the shooter \n\n\n\n\n\nS.M.H
You did this with your hands like every time
My Family [military some music fans with friends and an UNLV ex employee with former students there] thanks you.
I'm really sad that I can't donate blood because of how small I am.
When you act like a good person by saying you're not monetizing this video, but it's against YouTube policy to monetize a video of a tragedy in the first place.
What's really starting to upset me, is the fact that this stuff is no longer getting to me. I'm rapidly reaching the point that I just don't care when this stuff happens. Nobody wants to solve the problems. It's just hand wringing, defenses from gun fanatics, pressure to do something, thoughts and prayers and then nothing happens. We turned flying into one of the most anguishing experiences after 9/11 but after how many mass shootings we still won't do anything about this problem? We're gonna keep making better and better guns while making them relatively easy to get and defunding mental health services at the same time? Yeah, no. Nothing could possibly go wrong with that.
The number 32 will always be my favorite number because it always seems to pop up in the weirdest of ways, but sure wasn't ever expecting to hear it was the floor that a mass murderer was shooting people from. Thats definitely one of the top weirdest ones.
DUDE YOU MUST BREATH THROUGH YOUR EARS CAUSE YOUR NEVER STOP TALKING . . . . .
gabby giffords and her nasa freemason astronaut husband are also part of the fake deceptions!!!!)
People in main steam media love BAD and TRAGIC news.  It increases their viewership
I listened to an old interview with Kingsley Amis today and he said in that interview he was just glad people could love who they wanted and the era of wars was over and the world is a safer place and then I saw this.
I honestly don't think the actual killer is dead. Why do something like this for fame if you're not going to be around to bask in the glory of your accomplishment, being that was his goal. I am not saying I agree with what he did because that's f@%#ed. All I am saying is if it's soo easy to frame an innocent person and send them to prison. It's actually easier to frame a recently dead guy. he killed 55 people before police found him, yet I would bet money that the evidence to convict said would be killer was just another victim.
If I fell off my bike I'm pretty sure isis would claim responsibility.
Gun control vultures always swarm on tragic events. Funny how a guy targets a conservative majority event and conservatives get blamed.
I don’t want to be a part of the divisiveness anymore. I feel regret from taking a part in it. I’m done.
I live in Las Vegas, and the morning after this happened I got 4 texts asking if I was alright, and I read them before I even knew this happened and I was terrified.
You're a good dude, Phil. Always appreciate your reasonable level-headed stance on things, and I agree with not showing the name/face of the killer and focusing on the victims and people who help.
1. Steven is not a mass murderer he is a victim of the Las Vegas 'set up' to push gun control legislation on Americans.... he is the 60th victim of this deep state massacre!!\n2. Giving up your guns when you have a psychopathic untouchable deep state prepared to lay waste to your people in order to acheive their political agenda is pure insanity!!\n3 The factual inconsistencies in this narrative are irreconcilable with this man being an antifa lone wolf mass muderer.\n* What about the 2 women who ran through the crowd telling everyone you are all about to die. \n*What about the footage of light given off by rifle fire on the 12th or 13th floor and the lack of it on the 32nd floor\n*what about the footage captured by the female taxi driver where you can hear gunshots coming from different places simultaneously and basically on top of each other...impossible for a single shooter to be two places at once \n* How convenient for him to shoot himself and not have to be questioned or even hold up in the room keeping authorities at bay for any duration of time.\n*what about FEMA who just happened to be holding a terrorism drill that weekend -(who knew holding a terrorism drill was code for staging a mass shooting)\nNote to self - stay away from wherever FEMA is holding 'terrerorism drills'!!!\n* what about the photos showing a chest wound in addition to his head wound\n* why the gloves for a man with ZERO interest or knowledge of guns\n* how could a man without gun knowledge and training use the rifle so well first time\n* how did he get all those guns and bullets passed newly installed metal detectors\n* what about the 3 news stations who began reporting the incident BEFORE it began...let that sink in...ready🎥 ....and action🎬!!! \n* What about his neighbour and drinking buddy who said he was a TRUMP SUPPORTER with ZERO interest in guns and the friendliest guy on the planet. \n- That's why he's dead btw they needed someone accessible and trusting enough to befriend a stranger and take them into their hotel room and be set up and that was all this friendly social affable guy did wrong...he walked right into being the perfect patsy!!!\n...more footage from security cameras inside and outside of the hotel and eye witness acounts from staff and concert goers are going to lead to even more inconsistencies, the official narrative is an unsubstantiated insult to intelligence!!
R.I.P
Free fisherofmen.
3:33 nope.
So sad.
This was disgusting
Donated and shared!
ALL THESE HAND GESTURES
Oh
No we dont, philip. no we dont.
People say thoughts and prayers\n\nHere is what I have to say to that: \nFuck.\nThat.\n\nThoughts and prayers never saved anyone. Where was God when all those innocent people lost their lives? Stop living in a dream, people. Instead of saying thoughts and prayers every time something like this happens, do something about it.\n\nLet's face the problem. Guns. Guns are the problem. Without guns there wouldn't be mass shootings. It's that simple. Of course, there will still be murder. It's human nature after all, but people won't be able to spray down a concert hall full of people with a machine gun, if only you gun crazed idiot rednecks would let go of, let's face it, your expensive toys.\n\nIf your enjoyment of shooting targets on the weekends outweigh the lives of others, you are a sick and twisted person. People are dying, can't you see? Why do you need an assault rifle for self-protection?\n\nIt's time to weigh your priorities. Freedom and liberty don't mean shit if your children are ducking bullets at school. Dead people don't have freedom.
Tulsa Oklahoma???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
This is the new normal
Here are the facts.\nA man gets 400 pounds of equipment up 30 floors, past casino level hotel security, without being seen on camera, sets up a sniper nest, removed  a window that is composed of over 800 pounds of hurricane proof glass, then laid down fire for 10 minutes straight, with inconsistent weapon and bullet types based on sound, sometimes shooting two distinct successions of fire at the same time, using an illegal full auto weapon, that he apparently got from some gun store, despite his family saying he never even liked guns. \n\nThose are the facts. That is what apparently happened. If you think that sounds suspicious then you're an insensitive biggot.\n\nAlso, he somehow got rid of all the bullet casings. And the people he shot somehow bled bright red, almost pink paint like substances. None of the videos showing any bullet wounds.\n\nAlso somehow he got some people from other tragedies like Baltimore and sandy hook to show up. Same people. Doing the same things. Crying on the phone, playing dead, etc.\n\nHe also placed an ad on Craigslist far in advance advertising for an actor crowd. And was then led to a website where you can hire a crowd of actors for basically any purpose.\n\nYes. Those are the facts. Thank God every Hollywood liberal and government official didn't even wait until the bodies were cold to discuss gun control. What perfect timing.
They should ban automobiles in europe cause obviously they can be used as terrorism
Yep the world is dying. There no peace without conflict. There's no love without hate. Those were Thompson guns being shot out. Halloween massacre. This is why i say it was a Thompson https://youtu.be/x4QWrha3HLw it's the mafia. They usually hang in casinos. My whole life is based on nightmares so i don't care. We did terrorism in the past by blowing up Hiroshima and Nagasaki and Vietnam.
All these attacks happening in the world but VEGAS? Beautiful place and no high security? Just makes you wonder that nowhere is safe anymore. Heart goes out to those who lose their lives ❤
If you think gun control doesnt work you you are just ignorant of all the evidence. It works, its as simple as that. It reduces mass shootings, violent crime, suicides etc. countries with gun control are often just flat out better places to live, not some messed up oppressive regime
There was no spent brass on the floor in the shooter's room.
This just proves the point that terrorism can not just be accredited to foreign factions or terrorist groups. We need to understand that the threat can come from anywhere. Its so sad to say that we need to be vigilant about our own safety.
false flag, there were 2 shooters and its been caught on camera and on phone calls that were to at least 2 because gun shots sounds were coming from two different directions and i bet it was set up to disarm the american public.
I'm not one for conspiracy theories but in the videos I've watched of the recent Las Vegas shootings you can clearly hear multiple automatic weapons fire from multiple different locations and it begs the question, why are the mainstream media trying to cover up the truth?!
yo phil the best case i can give you for proof of gun control working just look at australia
Trump visited the fake actors this don't look good for him if this really fake.
Argument: Gun control wouldn't work on criminals, therefore there's no point.\nCounter Argument: Making murder illegal hasn't worked on criminals, therefore there's no point in keeping it illegal. \nIt's the same argument. Can someone please take a 1st years philosophy class and learn about fallacies.
It took over an hour to get to the shooter?! That just seems so wild to me. Even wilder is the fact he had 10 weapons on him. 10. Disgusting. My heart hurts so so badly for those killed and injured. Mental health evaluations in order to buy weapons is proving to be more and more important everyday.
So if you can't stop acts of violence  completely there shouldn't be any gun laws at all?? Someone explain that to me. if people don't have guns they'll find another way. So let's make it easy for them???
Imagine if a muslim did it.\nThe media would have blamed my religion.
To all those Americans who feel their “freedom” will be impacted if their guns are taken away think of all the freedom you will gain being able to go to school and public events in peace. Starting to think Americans will never learn from their mistakes. Come to Australia we have no mass shootings and Sephora its a win win.
I'm glad I don't live in America
HOAX
You need to talk about how the US runs drugs and weapons, funds and supports terrorist, interferes in the elections of other countries, carries out false flag terrorism to perpetuate wars for profit, and has killed millions and millions of innocent people worldwide over the last several decades. Why can't you people acknowledge these problems as well??? You all copy each other and say we need to talk about this when these shootings happen. Why aren't you speaking out about corruption and the US's psychotic foreign policy the rest of the time?
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?94226667
The video is fascinating 🙈
i love it  xD
that hair is serving Charlie and the Chocolate Factory realness.
Annie’s so hot
Annie has inspired me since 2007 to make music. And now my first single is out. Hope you don't mind checking it out \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NswGc-Y8Zw
PRE ORDERED WITH NO REGRETS!!!
Does anybody know what kind of glasses is the girl wearing at 00:22?? Any ideas about the brand, stylist?
I just wish the video included the try to write youa love song, but it comes out a lament part :(
This is very much in the style of acceptable in the 80s video clip, but way better and meaningful.
Ignoring the haters. The subtext of this song is amazing. Once again another case of not being able to win over listeners who do not like the change in the sound. Keep it up Annie! :)
1:22 looks like a reference to Cassandra.
she's so pretty
She's really grown as an artist. I like her newer songs more than her older. I know that's just a matter of personal taste, but generally speaking, for most artists the opposite seems to be true, that what's generally regarded as their best or most influential work is some of their earliest. I think St. Vincent's going to do great things, on top of the great things she's already done.
I found you from a bobs burger video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iTcQ6-z2rw
I love that orange reference to Trump at 0:12
Oh no she dit-ent! 🍣
HINOOOOOOOOOOOOO
nice
I saw her perform this song on stage in an evening gown, and really didn't like it.  But this is very good.
REAL GOOD!
PLEASE LET ME BONE!!!
Reminds me of this as well\nhttps://www.instagram.com/toiletpapermagazineofficial/?hl=en
that beat really reminds me of Nine Inch Nails The Great Destroyer
This album is going to be immense. Can't wait
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.*
This song is excellent and it is friday night....haha.
That is no fair being that beautiful and talented too. I love everything Annie does, she is a rare talent. She could skate by on her beauty, but she is a hard working woman. She has totally earned everything she's got.
Such a sexy song and video. Amazing stuff!
I like the fact I'm sponsoring Annie by drinking redbull, thats a good deal !!
I miss the era of St vincent’s “Marry Me”. I ve alwwys wanted the dark humor yet poignant side of her. Witty and just haunting . Same with “Landmines”. Plsss stvincent!
The A E S T H E T I C on the video makes it even better. So ready for Masseduction
3:14 makes me to imagen the perfect sweet & nasty fantasy.  Yeahhhh!!!
She’s gunna wreck us so hard with this album omg
What Goldfrapp should be sounding like today.
1:29 is that who I think it is?! OAO
this sounds so much like The Kills, so good
If I were more of a lesbian Annie would totally dig me.  I saw her last year, killer
if trent reznor had been born xx instead of xy.
Did any notice the Brazil (movie) reference in the video or is it just me?
her normal person costume is great
St. Vincent's songs Also music videos are pure art !!!! 💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
A E S T H E T I C
at the very end, meeting David Byrne did not help out
Man, she's really serving on the aesthetics this era
kind of a chanel advert from terry gilliams brazil
I love how when she winks it's just a blink. <3
Well that was artsy. I want cake now.
This song explains my life in vivid detail.
Hot damn what a track
I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR HER (WDSLM) youtu.be/MYm9bJUHN08  #stvincentfan
somebody knows which are that glasses??? pleaseee
Definitely her biggest chorus, this one might be the one to cross over to pop radio
Our queen, Annie, is just one of those people that just looks better with age. Annie is only 35 now but she looks amazing!!!
I can’t wait annie to win like 20 Grammys for this album
in partnership with my blue balls
It would be an honour for St Vincent to step over my face in those heels
How do you describe this unique guitar sound??
oh ah ah o_o cool song
damn queen
ALL ABOARD!\nhttps://youtu.be/4iYBvh5_tlQ
Your blues Vincent!!! Your blues!!!!
Nice Gams, Mrs. Robinson!
kundalini express...
Crops? Thriving\nWig? Snatched\nWorld Hunger? Ended\nCancer? Cured
☯ ♪♫•*¨*•.¸¸Love it
I'm obsessed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bnx95KyQEAA Brazil (2/10) Movie CLIP - Plastic Surgery (1985) HD
Homo Deus, anyone??
my WIGGGGG
god
Sweetest kiss in warsaw 2014 <3
Totally got the vision
lol i love redbull
Ugh Annie is too fabulous! 💋
good
I repeat: http://christtoandandrew.tumblr.com/
Amazing
i love you
3:04 Live giraffe birth
her videos get weirder
Sexy Woman Marry me
Slick. Sexy. Cool.
Just great👏👏👏👏
bae
nice puffy nips 1:23
I'm SHOOK
A silly video, for a silly song, with a silly name (as it doesn't apply to what she is singing about). Besides, if she was going to sing about Los Angeles, she'd have to do better than this unnecessary artistic offering. (rejected).
She can punch me in the face and I'd thank her.
Annie has lost her soul. I new it was going to happend because she chose to become a celebrity. Now she's just like any new pop star out the big money music factory. I hope she finds herself again.
She'll end up eating her own words with this one. 35 years old is a wonderful age....anyone care to bet at what age she'll succumb to Botox ?...facelift ?.....nip and tuck ?.... increase in popularity = increase in vanity.
Sarkistic talent with taste. Such a mess)) but I feel in love ... I'm going to masturbate ...
She seems more focused on cultivating the St Vincent persona than writing great music\n\nGreat chorus though
Face stretch scene is from Brazil. It's good but I like St. V older stuff.
Love this song, to bad it only has 300'00
the irony here is she is becoming everything she hates
This is very unhappy music
she sold out
Good thing she's hot or she'd be waiting tables.   Love how they use irony to get away with the fact that she has to prostitute herself in rubber bikinis to get anyone to watch this shit.  - I guess she's empowering herself by acting like a whore.  Oh, and make sure to cash in on the lesbian trend.  Find out where the crowd is moving then run in front and pretend like your leading it.  -  Offensively mediocre pretentious garbage for lemmings and teenagers.
If your original 21 games go missing, note you can always restore them by clicking Kernel in HakChi then choosing flash original kernel.\nThe way I kept all original games while also adding new games to the system is by including all original stock games in my sync in HakChi.\nYou can download a version of the tool with all stock games included in the following link if you would also like to do it this way:\nhttps://mega.nz/#!FUk0XapI!PQj1BEuQxgUo-FNTeGs5mPEqhKXn4wZpAvXh1LYG6Fg
i never get passed the message installing driver.. the cmd popup, tells me its installing the nesmini.inf on usb_driver then it says press enter to exit the installer... when i do nothing happens
Are the gamesaves still on there??
when i want to add new games, do i check every box to add the whole list again or can i just do the new ones? don't want to delete everything i have by accident
It will work on the Super Famicom Classic Mini too I guess?
I hope that whoever makes this hack program will also add additional screen-filter options that can be selected in the SNES Classic options menu. The two non-filtered options look terrible due to pixelation, and the CRT-filter is overdone, and while better than the no-filter options, is still not a good presentation of the games - especially when playing the SNES Classic hooked up to a PC monitor. There are some good filters done in other emulator programs. Maybe one of them can be added to the SNES Classic via this hacking tool?
Anyone know where to get a good snes game cluster?
i've tried this just right now : two error encountred (fr product and fr roms) : when flash the custom kernel : The kernel is already patcher or it's an unknown revision. (MD5 checksum is unknown)\n\nand C7 error when i tried to launch games (Sailer Moon & James Pond (girlfriend request). any idea ?
Just gonna wait for some OCD nerd to convert it all and share the files/data lol
Anyone have a link to some roms to download?
Can I get a link to your desktop wallpaper??
Nice job. I think you can automate all of these steps from hackchi. It will be interesting to see updates, loved this video.
Since it's an *early version* I am going to wait for a while.
Hi Skullator, where can I find .sfc games, or do you have more games now formatted for the SNES mini?
You might want to run a batch script instead of invoking the cmd every time...
Also will this work with a MacBook?
i just want  to  an uni racer and turtles in time
Can you add a super gameboy rom to this system to play gameboy games?
@skullator can you up your custom kernel and post a link with all the games you have on yours so far?
Can you play Nes games on the Snes mini ?
will NES roms work on SNES Classic?
But can it run Crysis?
Everything works fine except the 2 player controller does not work on the new games that are 2 player.\nnba jam, ken griffey jr baseball, killer instinct
Thinking about giving this a crack on a mac (hahaha), is there anything different you think in need to be aware of? Love video btw... very well explained and seems easy to follow!
Is there a way to add Super Mario bros classic game on SNES MINI CLASSIC?! Thank you.
chrono trigger crashes at the town square
Привет мэдмонкей и кластеру)))
Too much of a pain. Want be buying SNES mini yet. I do have an original SNES with wildcard and a ufo 9 sd copy. To be fair the pi emulator is not bad plus as more to offer
hey the games are not showing up in the hakchi games folder somebody please help
I'm going to test this using smc files tonight, wish me luck!
I'm sure that a hakchi update will fix the issue but the box art for the game you added looks so much smaller than the rest.  Hope they fix it.
11:11 - doesn't even use find and replace :p
not getting past dump. driver wont install
yis
Gonna buy mine later :)
Fantastic tutorial.
Nice screen saver dude
Any Linux tools instead of WinDoze?
I love my sneeze mini
👀
Is it good to do this now or wait? I'm not very good wth these things and I've read there will be an easier way to do this?
I cant play 2 player games for any roms i download. Only the original 21 games work as 2 player. Please help?
Are u Australian? Sorry just asking cause I am n have a channel too. Nice vid man!!!
Where did you get your desktop wallpaper? Mind posting a link?
I can't set my console type to SNES Mini on this. It's only NES. Help?
i have a secont Problem, it worked to install the game i want but if i install it on the snes the 21 games are away, if i dump original kernel i dont have the game i installes, so how can i have the 21 games AND the new one i installed?
Can't wait to try this one. Got my Snes Mini just a few das ago. Thanks a lot for the effort man!
thank you Mr.Aussie!
I cannot proceed this further than the Sync Games. I could dump the kernel, flash the custom kernel - that was all fine. The driver installed correctly for that. But when I boot the mini NOT in diagnostic mode but just switching it on normally for game sync I can't get passed the Turn your NES Mini on.. dialogue. Hitting Install Driver from there pops up a command line NES mini not found, sorry. Any ideas?
my computer doesnt recognize the snes cause their is no driver available for it?
does this work on windows 10? because i'm having trouble with getting cmd to load python36
I might be doing something wrong but i'm finding the second controller isn't working with the games i put on. (Stunt Race FX and Street Fighter 2 The New Challengers.)
I tried it on Japanese Super Famicom Mini. Sadly does not work. Tried to add Chrono Trigger but ended up with a faulty game and no other games on the roster. I can easily flash the original kernel to recover it though, but sad I can't add games. Any ideas?
Nice to see your work getting mentioned in these hack articles mate getting your work noticed.
Epic im gonna go try this!
It works!\n\nI tried a few games and all of them work except the background music of a lot of games is acting up, like a cd that skips. Playing most games work flawlessly, except for 1 or 2 games that seem to lag when you run too fast.\nAlso, when I dump or flash a kernel, the light of the SNES turns on while step 4 in the process says that should not be the case. It does complete whatever it's doing so I guess it's alright. Between dumping the original kernel and flashing the custom kernel I reconnected the SNES. The light turned on again while flashing, but it completed without issue. I also checked if I could go back to my own original kernel and that works fine also.\n\nIt's a bit of work to put in for each game, but once they're on there, they're on there and I don't need an extra 100 games, just my personal classics. Ahhh Prehistorik Man :D\n\nThank you for the tutorial! :)
I'm giving away an SNES classic, check it out!!
Where can I find that sweet desktop wallpaper of Link and Zelda? Also what is the name of the song at the end?
ok, error mate, when i try write my custom kernel, i get CANT WRITE TO USB, any ideas whats going on ? its does a few steps first then when it tires to write the actual kernel i get the above said error
Does anyone know how many megabyte we have to store new games? I hope there will be lots of space to add games to the original 21!\n\n(I'm asking for the SNES Classic European version of there's a difference)\n\nThank you!
The Hakchi2 tool linked to is still the 2.17 d in stead of the suposed 2.18 shown in the video. I get you did some work on getting this working. Its not version 2.18 in the download. Keep up the work with hacking the Snes mini though.
Will there be Game Genie support
We didn't compress the .sfrom file?
Lost all the original games, please help
Do all roms work?
U CAN JUST ADD SNES GAMES TO THE NES MINI WITH RETROARCH MOD AND BUY A SNES MINI CONTROLLER FOR YOUR NES MINI WHATS THE DIFFERENCE I UNDERSTAND HOW THE MODEL FOR THE SYSTEM IS DIFFERENT BUT STILL WHY NOT??? :/
Followed these instructions to the letter and everything works great! Well, except for folders/pages on mine, changed to just show all games on the home screen and no more C8 errors. :D\nI can't seem to get Illusion Of Time/Gaia working though, from multiple sources/roms. Has anyone had any luck with this one?
Please stop calling it Snes it is S-N-E-S ;D terrible to hear that ^^
cant add more than 30 games for some reason?
I might wait until the easier method comes along :)
your video left me stuck on where i opened up the hackchi.exe. Am i suppose to plug in my snes mini before i open it up because it doesn't show any games what so ever.
what is the outro music?
Awesome video! I have to ask though... why do you pronounce 'E' as 'I' and 'I' as 'E'?
when i open hakchi it only shows one game on the left under priginal 30 called bioworm.. no real games on the left side. any idea why?
I added 4 custom games. 1 image works but 3 of them don't appear on the SNES. It is in png. Does it have to be a specific KB size?
Games load fine but I've lost all sound both in the loaded games and the originals anyone know how to fix this?
My Australian version SNES Mini is being held by US Customs. 😥
Cool but I'll hold off for a bit should be soon for this to become atomic like hakchi  is get covers etc... good work to the people that got this working 😎😎
if i use your link for the snes roms, what abuot save states and other saves? since i cant seem to find how to get my own games dumped with the auto folder? pretty confused since the games were never dumped? never owned a nes mini so new to this.
ok i did it but it took a long time is there any shorter way of doing it
So basically you are going to improve the method for add games?
2 player works now with hakchi intern converter, but snes mini freezes when i press down in the game selection (fastsave mode). Please please help! I allready tryied reflash, only stock kernel works fast save mod.
(sigh) i made sure python was installed on the c drive and yet the command prompt still cant find it on  there, on the verge of putting the dump back on and saying screw it =(
Nice tutorial. I want that background also
I'm not expert in computer stuff. It's quite too difficult for me. I'll have to wait for easier way to install my favourite Snes's roms.
Could u add all the nes and SNES games on the SNES mini so all is on just one system ?
Does this work with Super Famicom Mini? Anyway to do this for the JP version?
Anyone got an easy way of doing this on mac without needing a virtual windows environment?
wooohoo I added 60 more games and works great. The Lost Vikings, Chrono Trigger, Wild Guns, Prince Of Persia, ISS Soccer , Dr. Mario, TMNT back in time, R Type , Final Fight 3...and so on
How the heck do you hook up the SNES mini to your computer to get the hacks?! What cord do you use?
Does this method work for all serial number ?
This is awesome, but a TON of work to do for each individual game...
Can you put the link for the updated easier version in the description.
Does this work for Mac users?
Love your wallpaper, can you share the link ?
Is it possible to replace games already on the system? If so I'd want to replace Super Mario World with Super Mario All-Stars + Super Mario World (seriously why the hell didn't they do this???) when I eventually get my own SNES Mini
you need more subs
dont worke isntalled the programm run cmd it says WRONG NAME OR NOT ON YOUR COMPUTER i installed it on C: dont worke BULLSHTI!
Quit calling the SNES as a word, It's not
Wow!  I wanted a Snes Mini just for Star Fox 2 but I never tought it was worth it since it's very expensive here in Brazil.  But after watching your video I really want one!  That's amazing!  Thank you!
I will be very angry if you do not finish this. I honestly don't understand. No blockbuster movie has been able to hold my attention as much as this animation has. It's been such a long time since I felt intrigued by this kind of shit. Please keep going with this, you have created something amazing here.
I've always wanted this to continue
Is this going to be a game or a movie?
Wait, so THESE guys made the trailer for Unity 5!?
i need a game... ASAP
Please make it a movie
This is GOOD -- thank YOU.
Yo Im here again buuuuut when is some billionaire going to give this company a shit load of money to make an actual movie. Not this strip tease crap (I really love these too tho)
Cannot make these fast enough!
No way, it's been years
This is priceless!!! I want a movie!!! This could be a jump in time from chappie a sequel... The quality is wonderful!!! I love everything... The eyes of the mirror... Woooowwww....sick!!! Plz... Make more!!! Moooorrreeeee!!!! MORE!!!!
That was the most enjoyable blue balls I've ever experinced.
3:03 He sounded like Jigsaw.  I thought this is Toby in afterlife.
Can this please become a series! This looks amazing!
I know that the protagonists name is probably supposed to be Adam,but be cause of obvious reasons in my mind i call him Crack Head
I just hope I don't have to wait another year for the next clip
Woah, I remember watching that tech demo for the new unity engine with these characters in it.  So cool that Oats is taking it further.
So basically, instead of killing criminals, wich i assume is not allowed, they transfer their minds yo machines and then let them die, cause, they are , you know machines, and the bodies are used as a organ bank, but why go tru all that shit, why not kill them ..
I saw a preview for this on a unity advertisement
So what? This isn’t going to be a movie or a game, form now on ADAM will be a series of animated short films?
This one is amazing, guys make me a game or a film out of this, I would go see it on theaters no doubt. Such an interesting world.
That is art at one of its finest forms. Bravo. Can't wait to see what more Oats has in store with this...
a short experimental film - https://youtu.be/7XykvpPPUPU
MOVIE NOW I WANT IT. *GASP* u know what woudl be better than a movie A GAME
It's directed by Neill Blomkamp!
He is not letting my dog breathe please help the guy with gods magic
I want humans and more bots please make this a movie or even video game
I could so watch a full film of this. It's interesting and visually stunning
It's not my place to tell you what to do but can you please make longer videos like the Zygote episode
Watched the first chapter year ago, it was awesome\nman it would be great if it became a full movie or a game\n\nedit: The next chapter arrives soon. fuck Im loving this, subscribed!
Obrigado pelas legendas em português do Bra$il .
Mini movies lime this makes toilet time fun at work..
I came for the video and stay for the chanel
Okay. Uhm video game or movie please. I need more.
Why do they need to breathe? If they have become machines wouldn't that eliminate the need for breathing or falling tired?
Oh, so that is how you serve 3 life sentences.
Neill Blomkamp!!!\nI loss my sh¡t when Guillermo Del Toro and Hideo Kojima collaborated for Silent Hills. But the world can't handle if you three come together. \nThat's brain melting levels.
Great job. Still waiting for your take on some SCP.   😃
P.s.: oats studio please include the song with lyrics saying:How can the war have already been won before the war has already begun with the previeous comment of mine tonight today of october 7th and 8th; approximately;2,017 ad i guess...and thankyou for doing so! Signed respectfully...signed meow...
This is one of those moments i didn't think they would continue the story from the first one, which mind you I wanted SO much more after seeing it and it looks like we are getting just that.\n\nThank you Oat Studio and keep up the amazing work.
Thank you for this. When I first saw the original Adams chapter, I was wowed by the artistic direction, environmental design, premise and above all the animation and all the little details to bring it to life. I look forward to see the next chapter in his story and see where the journey takes us! :D
theres a video before this right? where can I find this because I had next to no idea what was going on here...
I fucking love it <3
First time I don't really dig something made by Blomkamp. The effects on Unity are for shit and the scenario left me wanting more but quite literally.
Is it true, the next episode comes before the end of the year titled as The Prophet?
where is the gameplay?
So glad they continued the story \nVery interesting why they keep their minds in machines
i use unity and barly can script a door , and this , THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING
It is time to say goodbye for Unreal4
Please a game or a fullmovie of this fantastic theme..
Well HOLY FUCK \n\nI see *huge* potential here
AWESOME... LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT PART!!!
@0.34 i was thinking of Dark Souls movie?!
I don't even care if the entire movie is made from the unity engine, I want it.
The human body is obsolete....
For God's sake, this has to turn into a game, please.
Where is the game though!
Dude. Fucking dude. We need a movie or game or something of this. This world is just too tantalizing
where is the movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like us... Curious: 2:45 is chinese?
I'm so glad they made a sequel.
This NEEDS to be a game or movie at some point. Holy cow. So much atmosphere.
idk how the heck i get here,but i love it
WHOA! I remember seeing the first Adam video and wishing there was more. This is pretty cool.
this needs to keep going where can i donate $
Love it! Amazing story so far <3
OMG YOU ACTUALLY MADE MORE?! GOD BLESS YOU!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️😭😭😭😭😭🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
That “666k” views...
WoW True science fiction
hey!!!!  I want moreeee!!!!
FUCK UNREAL ENGINE!  AND FUCK FANBOYS!!!
We. Need. MOOORE!
Need a movie
we need more plz
wow
Dude wtf!!? This is awesome
Awesome...chilling work...i want MOREEE !!!
Damn Amazing\nI want more
wtf this shit?
Song Name at 4:10??
K RA LYO
song
Is this Blame! prequel?
si gu yi
Oats Studios is awesome!!!
hypehypehypehypehypehype
good. Very good
damn... so good....
MOAR!!!!
I love neill blomkamp💗💗
do cyborgs breathe? mmm sure
Loved this!
Man wtf more please
Love your work guys!
This is so badass
Amazing work guys !!! Go UNITY !!!!!
Focking amazing👍👌👌
First Adam don't exist ...second we are the concept of the nature's universe ....and we evolved in the fundamental Project of imagination true A biological program and we became Organicii Robots..plus the concept of a Man is coming from a women with Man and concept of a Women is coming from Man with Women ! And plus we see the moving and i unbalanced biological program ! good luck with you're Illusions! And let's say probably :))))
Was the original also oats?
wow this was made with unity? I didn't know you could even render with Unity, thought it was a real time game engine.
So beautiful.
The Joy of Creation
This video was autumazing! 😃\n\n\n\n\n\nI'll leave
You make Brighton look amazing. Would love to live there!
i love your voice marzia, love you ❤ subscribe 😋
to be honest u deserve better than the new pewdiepie
I swear you get more beautiful everyday!
I at first thought the title read Autism lol
I wish I lived where you live, it's soo beautiful :0
You're so beautiful ❤️ i love so much marzia! ❤️💖
i love it soooooooooooo much T^T
That was so good it almost made me cry
This makes autumn look like such an alive season, thank you. This is really beautiful
Marzia I love your aesthetic with everything you do. You definately have the heart and eye of a designer, everything seems carefully thought about and looks so beautiful! May I ask what are the berries at the beginning of the video, we dont have anything like those here in Canada! Wishing you a happy autumn, its the best time of year!!
shame youre dating a nazi fuck
naturally aesthetic
1:09  Thanks for posting :))
😍
So beautiful.
wonderful!
https://youtu.be/axDhsWFSpeY
I really really like you Marzia.\nYou're the sweetest girl I've ever seen :)
This felt like a Wes Anderson short!!
Marzi u are so pretty pews is to but you omg☺️
Happy birthday! (Don't know for sure)👅👅👅
you are so beutiful!
this is so cute I love it
but autumn isn't a mood...
What is this warmth in my chest? lol!!
Meanwhile in Texas: it's is f******* hot whyyyyyyyyy
When will you marry Felix?!
This video was named after me 😂  my name's Autumn
WHY EVERYTHING IN HER VIDEOS ARE CUTE AND SMOOTH AND MAGIC AND UNICORN 😩💕💕💕
I love your hair
Always makes me happy! Love your videos~~
You make the cutest and most stylish videos on youtube ❤
This legit looks like comercial material. Good stuff.
I want Felix to marry u already
I have no idea if Maria will see this, but I want her to see this comment and know how she is an inspiration to me and probably many others. A couple of years ago I stumbled across her videos, I wasn't  the happiest person ever, I have very bad anxiety, depression, and a very low self esteem. When I watched Marzia videos I felt inspired, she was happy to be who she was and I wanted to be like that, so I started to talk to more people and even started to express who I was, I met a boy and we been together for almost a year now. I still have bad anxiety because of what has happened to me this year, so I wanted to let her know how much she was an inspiration she is to me. So, thank you Marzia :3
You're so lucky it's Autumn. We just had a hot winter and are heading for an even hotter summer. We're all gonna die 😳
I love how perfect for autumn ur hair is!
I love it...\n\nalso this make me sad in the part of felix and marzia pictures, they look so cute...  i feel alone :(
Felix can you just marry her already
Does someone knows where this is? It's gorgeous 😍
i feel like you alone can do the job of whole commercials studio
My soul is at ease watching this video
I love how calm these videos are. I can relax my mind in this minute
i love the music!
Hi Marzia, I am looking into learning Interior Design on the side of college courses, and I was wondering what software or program you are/were using to learn interior design? Did you enjoy it? Was it what you expected it to be? are you still perusing ID?  Will you or have you taken an ID Certification exam? You're so inspirational and lovely, Thank You! <3
i love autumn! And you ♥
The thanks for watching ruined it. LOL
very beautiful and nice video Marzia. thank you.
It was simple, beautiful and aestheticly pleasing. Love it!
Marzia During Fall: *makes fun cute autumn video*\nFelix during Fall: *screaming at screen*
I love marzia cause she is so trendy and cool and nice and sometimes we see her butt :)
With all do respect you're hot. Pewds must have a huge 50 inch cock to make you stick with him or you both are just a cute happy nice couple. I prefer the first one.
Marzia and Felix Birthday is soon coming up!
those pics of u and felix im dead theyre so cute
These little videos are so cute
I like how her videos are made like this and are beautiful and interesting while pewdiepie is him screaming at a camera trying not to laugh
WHY ARE YOU NOT VERIFIED?
Marzia, the cinematography in your videos is always so good! How you did it?
I recently got a beret, i look like a dork wearing it.  PLeAse TEACH USSS ;-;
This video is so relaxing and cute! Thank you Marzia >///<
I Love your videos, you are so cuuuteeee❤️❤️❤️❤️
This is so aesthetically pleasing
This is soooo cute
Beautiful. Amazing
Your videos make me feel at peace ╰(*´︶`*)╯♡
I love Autumn & It's a Great Video to relax to mind ♡♡ it.
So sweet~~
<3
That Barney was creepy
Autumn Matzia takes my breath away.
ur so cute😭😭😭
i really like her artsy pow
OOF
queen
Is this hipster style?
Alternate title: Brilliant aesthetic and calming music = succsess!
verify your channel
like a comrshial
Awww this is so cute
awesome montage.
Felix brought me here.
I cried
Perfect!
Very nice indeed 🍂🍁
ughh... this is so esthetic.
beautiful video Marzia!!!
GET YOUR TITS OUT FOR AUTSUMNSNNSNN
Loooveee iitt
that was beautiful
this is so cuteee
Как это мило ♥ Cute ^-^
Watching marzia's videos always makes me wanna clean my room for some reason. Probably because they look so fresh and clean all the time. 
Qui a Brescia ce lo sognamo un autunno così...\n\n\n\nPerò bel video.
Marzia farai mai un video in italiano ?
This video was not good
That hair color not suit on you. I'm sorry. I think you look more attractive with dark color hair.
This was not in the least bit funny. This I don't exist bullshit is inconsistent, he's all over the show. I preferred, and agreed with the late Harry Dean Stanton's views on life and the past etc.\nStill, as long as Carrey is happy in what he's doing....... Good on him.
Overall, this was a very enjoyable watch. I never knew how much I wanted to see Norm Macdonald and Jim Carrey riff off of each other until I finally saw it. And I loved the Playboy mansion story. I laughed out loud many times. Now, for the part where I say: But...\n\nI've been a fan of Mr. Carrey since I was a 10-year-old in the mid-90s, but he comes off as a bit of blowhard when he talks about having no real sense of self, or a sense of himself as an individual being. He seems to be white-knuckling the idea of being merely a consciousness, stuck in a vessel to which he has little attachment. If it's all just a big bit--a la Joaquin Phoenix in whatever that movie was called (which Norm referenced, to his enduring credit)--then it is clearly terrific and will fool most everybody. But, if he truly considers himself to be genuine in his stated convictions, then it is my opinion that he seems delusional, inconsistent, and borderline fraudulent.\n\nPerhaps Mr. Carrey is merely starting out on some abstract path that I do not understand, and I am judging him too harshly for his imprecision in demonstrating and articulating his state of mind. Maybe he is stalwart in his convictions, but is having a hard time in eschewing a public persona as strong and iconic as his own. I do not, and cannot, know for sure.\n\nRegardless, I wish him and Norm the best of luck. I selfishly hope that I am able to enjoy their creative output for many, many years to come.
Jim is in need of food and sun. Comedy wasn't supposed to take you here, Jim. You're are far to good and observant to be like this.
Thanks Norm!! great episode......the great Jim is awesome. Im pretty sure he was there, although he may argue otherwise.
This was an hour and 16 minutes of awesomeness. Love how Michael Sera was like a kid in a candy shop. The great Jim Carey!
who is this fat verison of liam neeson with a television show?
This is one of my favorite shows on youtube but you guys gotta work on the ad delivery it's like watching old people fuck, I mean just try a little harder maybe try and get your writers to come up with some jokes to go along with it they are just so drawn out and amateurish. I fucking love the show though.
How much longer is Jim Carey going to continue this bat shit behaviour?
Norm - you rock! Keep it up. No more sucking the media's d*ck - you're free!
if this guy was a poor odinary citizen, he would already be in a lunatic asylum. Cause he is famous and rich, everybody seems to pretend this is cool.
I hope Jim hasn’t watched this.
People who have had their biggest losses in life can understand the way Jim has been behaving. He's back in the public eye too early And too much I reckon. He's in a stage where he should be quiet, listen and learn. So he can come back stronger, calm and collected. Instead he's come back trying to be that Jim we know with all his new thoughts running around his head. ignorant dismissive twats can't handle him.
Despite all the talking over each other that was a fucking fantastic interview!
I thought he had STD and shit. Why's he passing the drink he had to other people?!
Norm AND Jim Carrey?! I can only cum so much guys...
HE IS TALKING ABOUT LEGAL FICTION!!!
Get Tom Cruise on the podcast!
Still hoping he is pulling a Joaquin Phoenix for his new movie.
Jim is not well.
2 religious nuts at one table
Hey I know it’s prob been asked already, but what was the drink ? And where can I buy it
Jim Carrey refers to himself as I but then goes on to say there's no me. How to square the two?
doctor says shes more virius then host. the real viruis is this whole nothing matters mentality jims trying to preach man I thought I was out there this guys got to much time to think cus all his money that's the problem. stuff does matter especially how u treat other people meanwhile jims smashing cups and spill drinks having other people whip it up norm shuolda taken that paper towl from that girl lazy prick.
3:55 laughing about pedophilia isn't cool, you sick fucks. I like how carrey switches the subject.
Sad to see Jim like this hope he gets the help soon amazing guy
33:17 Look at Norms face it's like you went too far. Lol
You need to adjust the table lol 😁😄
That shit he talks about is really convincing at times, but do you really think that people starving or people having miserable lives are capable of showing theirs best 'selves'? Idk, man. I get we might wanna leave all bad shit behind and stay true to ourselves, but sometimes that thought as well can be overwhelming. Jim is a nice guy, I guess. He tries his best to evolve, to say something nice. If he wanted, he'd be out there making lots of movies and making tons of money. Does anyone knows if he's into some kind of charity thing or something...?
What has ahappened to my baby boy? I can't stand this dude anymore! Imagine having to spend more than hour conversing with Jim motherfucking Carrey. 20 years ago it would have been a dream come true, but from Norm's perspective, this looks like  a complete goddamn nightmare.
Jim Carrey kinda has that guy yelling to a trashcan on a subway platform vibe now huh?
Can't wait for part 2
How do you tell the difference between a wise guy and a wise ass? \n\n\n\n  ...You look at their face :)
I think he is channeling his inner Andy Kaufman...
YOU SHOULD GET ROB SCHNEIDER ON HERE.
uh OK I. watching this on my phone.
norm macdonald is going to die soon
norm and jim should never work together again - jim should only talk to sophisticated folk\n\nnorm is a pork chop\njim is photosynthesis \n\nyou niggers(crackers) are funny \n\n\nhorse laugh
This was really difficult to watch Way too manic Way too ADHD. People talking over each other. People laughing in the background too loud *sigh* this interview could have been really insightful.  What a shame
Poor guy's insane. I'm sure he'd say, how can i be insane when i don't even exist. And he's obviously severely depressed.
Norm makes h3h3 look like a professional while mentioning his sponsors. Norm is old head humor
Thankfully jim can make anything in the moment. Norm and the other dude had to be the worst most awkward hosts I have ever seen. I just want a real human being to talk about real shit with jim to see what he is really trying to convey. Joe Rogan actually would be a great podcast with him. If they can both let go of ego and intellectually discuss philosophies it would be amazing.
1:28 yep something is not right....
Love how everyone now thinks there a fuckin psychologist and can diagnose some guy they dont know in a hour long interview.
in case you've heard the rumours - i see what you did there jim. I feel like I can't judge him, but if what is going around is true he must be in a surreal state of absolute grief. Not only because of the suicide, but that he could have been responsible for it. It would eat you alive inside, and make you go crazy. At least in some people. It just makes sense to me in Jim's case. I think he truly despises celebrity.
Norm keeps on interrupting Jim every time he's in the middle of a story. So fucking annoying
Everybody please shut the fuck up about Jim Carrey! being crazy!  I know about Jim Carrey career probably more than anybody watched every interview every movie since I was a kid,  he's the reason why I became an actor there's nothing wrong with him in this interview he's being Jim The only difference is he's uncensored!!!  It's 2017 everybody has a fucking opinion and everybody is so sensitive about everything shut up and enjoy the show!!
damn of course his favorite movie is Network that's depressing
Carrey kept fucking up everyone of Norm's stories! Geezus!
Jim has lost his mind.
this was a great interview. This was not scripted or rehearsed like most interviews Jim gets. Some parts were a bit uncomfortable but Jim Carrey is awesome. He went through some shit and I think he's dealing with it in his own way.
Oh god, even Norm doing ad spots is hilarious. Why, WHY?\nX D
Carrey acts like he just did acid for the first time... Before enlightenment; cut wood carry water, after enlightenment; cut wood, carry water.
I think. he drank behind him and someone poisoned the drink to be like he was
One of the best interviews I've ever seen
Jim carrey should go on jre to talk more about alchemy
12 mins in and still not sure what's going on
anyone else think doing shrroms alone in the forest fucked him up. It looks kinda like he has disassociative  personality disorder. Kinda like hes twitching over all his film personality's. seen him before and this is not him mannnnnnnnnnnnnnn peace and love
Im with Jim all day - inspired me to speak on it - \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ_Kmp5JpLY
What a horrible podcast. The constant talking over each other.
If he (Jim, or people in general) doesn't exist, why doesn't he just jump off a really tall bridge? Jim seems PRETTY sure of himself. lol
The absolute BEST thing about the Norm SHOW is the most horrible,dead,dull,empty of all life,reading of his ,sponsors ads.\n\nI could do an entire show,on the reactions ,of paying sponsors...to the Norm show,this IS the funniest SHIT, to listen to,he not only murders the the read,but ,you can't believe he USES ANY of the products, he says he uses, and his side kick is just as unbelievable .\n   This is like listening to tired of singing Happy birthday at a busy chain restaurant after the 12 time they had to gather up a crew and sing Happy birthday on a Friday night. The Sheer lackluster of Norms delivery,GOD that's FUNNY. I give anything to film the faces of the sponsors hearing the ad ,they paid to support the show.The Funniest shit on the web!!!
He can never top Jenny McCarthy has a mate.
Wish they would fix the bloody rocking desk, it's annoying!
Jim is a fucking typical sad clown... all fucked up on the inside and constantly on. Fucking kill yourself like your ex girlfriend
Here are our kids being crazy ! Act a lot like Jerry Lewis... what do you think? https://youtu.be/tco-8vLP8nk
I would rather see John Wayne’s bloated republican corpse.
It's like being interviewed by a senile old man who likes to ramble about his boring life.
Where can we get the Ka-cow coffee from or how ever you spell it lol
He is so funny. I'm struggling to find funny videos, what is your favorite comedian/ funny person/ funny youtuber/ etc?
God I love not jim carry❤️
saville reference.  michael jackson Jesus juice reference?  \n what good is it \ndude..norm... wtf man..
My god this dude on the right is so off, why is he at this table?
Hope it's a character, less than holy, less than kind, full of self
ISRAEL IS AN APARTHEID STATE
Jim Carrey should get on the Chip Podacast. it would do wonders for his career
SHUT UP NORM !!! What a D list no talent wanna be.
People laughing with him sounds forced.... like when everyone is in on not disagreeing with Jim Carey bc they are too chicken.
the fucking unprofessional anchor speaks simultaneously with the guest. so irritating
I thought Jim was annoying in this interview. And I don't know if I buy his whole I'm not even a person anymore schtick.
I diagnose that Jim Carrey is neither happy nor at peace, and that this is a result of him being too wrapped up in himself for most of his life. Perhaps his current philosophical gropings are an attempt at self-medication.
Jim if there is no you, why don't you just go walk into traffic huh?  Always referring to yourself I see. Fucking pseudo
Jims always been crazy what the fucks everyone worried about. Not a big fan of older crazier jim though -wrecking the set and shit👎crazy works with comedy but mix it with heavy philosophy and its just plain old fucking weird. Having said that i stand by the opinion that pound for pound Liar Liar one of the best comedies in last 25 years
7:00 lyrics from a song by The Cure. Ha.
Who watches the commercials ON PURPOSE just to support Norm?
wtf just happened at 51:25 LOL!!!
20:55\n22:22\n22:34\n27:30\n36:20\n46:44\n47:31\n58:23\n1:00:35\n1:03:31\n1:04:09\n1:08:47\n1:10:45\n1:13:11\n\n... -_-
WHAT'S GHEE?
little boys.
fix the table
29:23 i died
God what happend to Jim
666k veiws hmmm
Really enjoyed this :D
15:00 Cut her titties off
oh shit bulletproof coffee shout out
vibes dont lie
51:30 Jim blowing his load
Anybody knows what's the joke behind the Man on the Moon thing when Norm said I was also in the film?
I respect anyone's opinion, but Norm is the one who's really become unfunny, and the guests on this show are are all top notch.  Even tho Carrey is passed his prime he had Norm and Adam and the crew in stitches more than ANY comic ever on the show.  As Norm fumbles awkwardly to complete a sentence, going on pointless tangents, Carrey keeps the crew laughing.  I honestly think Norm has some issues, no idea what but he's the worst host I've seen.  His questions are pedestrian and his comebacks are slow and lame.  What do you think Carrey's little comments like I'm rapt...  I'll wait...  ...I really think there's something salvageable here meant?\n\nIf you haven't figured it out yet, the whole I don't exist thing is a shtick.  He used it whenever he got asked a stupid question.  I admit it's not the funniest, Carrey's not perfect, and he's flaky, but it's obviously part of his humour and (again) it fills in the holes on this sad show.  And Adam?  Why?  Why would Norm hire him?  He's beyond awkward and has never said anything remotely funny.  \n\nWhy does he get big guests?  Past respect for his good work and friendships.
Norm gets almost all of the laughs but Jim keeps interupting him and not letting him speak.
I think you need a new camera mate
What is up with all the artifacts in Toms footage?
IT'S TINY RIIIIK\n\nI am so so sorry, I'm ashamed of myself
i'm not usually someone who gets super excited or glad at other people's babies but i saw rik and i just like.........straight up gasped. i'm so happy and touched!! congratulations alison and eddie, hope you guys will have and feel all the love and support in the world from your family, friends, and audience :-)
The new Crash Zoom is going to be 14 minutes long!? That's awesome!
It looks like Elliot will be buying a new graphics card next week? Or is Tom buying a new camera?
@22:28 charlie and an certificate of engagement
Can't wait for crash zoom!! 💜
Tobeeas is indeed the German pronunciation.
I know the reason I can't keep up with Last Week during this month is due to college. Don't know if it's the same for others.
Tom if I could I’d give you a lot of views. Your channel is hilarious and funny. You deserve a lot more.
Your killing the hair style XD\n\n\n\n\nYou have gon back to the pedophile look XD
There's a box WITH A ROCK IN IT
So Tom will be in the next YouTube Rewind as a principal YouTuber, right?\nI hope it's for Last Week and not Beep Beep.\nBecause I want him the be the last one we see in the Rewind and say:\nI'll see you last year ;-)
It's because you broke up with us. It's easier to stop now than be heartbroken when you decide to go. I'm actually sad about it. You're the only vlog I watch and you're part of my little weekly ritual.
I know I can't be personally responsible for the amassing of thousands of views, but admittedly I do sometimes feel bad I don't catch your uploads the day of like I used to. A lot more lately, I'll wait a few days for multiple creators' content, and then binge all of it at once, because that totally doesn't reflect on my life at all haha. \nBut no, seriously Tom, while I can't say some of that chunk isn't due to the announcement, I'd argue that it's also just ramping up towards the time of the year when people aren't as free to watch as consistently as usual. What do those numbers look like after two weeks, for example? It could be that the viewerbase is just a bit slow on the uptake (I know I can at times).\nI hope things turn up soon though, I know it can be really disheartening and frustrating to feel like the ending won't get to be satisfying for everyone.
0:52  *mY nAMe iS jEfF*
my little brother is named Rick But He has the c........
EDDIE IS DADDIE AF I LOVE
But I've already eaten my cinnamon and gooseberry yoghurt!
no its not your announcing the end of last week entirely anyway - I, and a massive proportion of your subscriber base, have just gone back to school, college or uni, and its quite busy. Ive just started uni and I have missed a few episodes but I'm catching up again now. views are gonna be inflated for summer holiday too! its all goooooooooooooooooood
THAT BABY IS CUTE. I WANT THE BABY. IM TAKING THE BABY.
I think a lot of people share your sentiment: I think that now that we know it's ending, a lot of people want to wait until that, so they can binge it like a regular TV show.
is this the reupload? cos the glitches are still in it for me (other than that - loved it!)
You should get baby rick a pickle costume to wear before Halloween, and he will be pickle riiiiiiiiick!
I saw the thumbnail & title and thought he deleted Where's the Baby? from his main channel.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Tom, your camera is dying, you need to fix doze glitches.
My guess is that lots of the viewer base has gone to uni and have been enjoying freshers week 😊
It was so cute seeing Charlie freaking out over the dog crayon costume, literally laughing like crazy
Is anyone else getting the weird artifacting?
The last last week should be a one hour special
Charlie is a treasure
See now that's why you don't dress your animals.
I HEARD ALESTORM IN THE BACKROUND OF THE VIDEO!!!\nFUUUCK YEEEEAAAH!!!!!\n\m/
I’m almost 31 and I’ve never looked forward to the next in a series as much as Last Week in my life, absolute lunacy people would stop watching!
Hey Tom! Use Taxify instead of Uber when it comes out. :)
15:10 what is that game
Congratulations Eddie! Way to be an adult! (Has anyone called buying a man-sized bag of popcorn for the christening?)
It's not like a school disco, no one's getting fingered... \n\nI take back everything I said
It's so confusing that some people can't cope with finalities, even if they are inherently harmless, like a series that has a predetermined ending. It has an ending? How fucked up is that?! It isn't. I don't get this mindset, but on the other hand I know people who didn't finish Cowboy Bebop. Still, if you avoid good byes, you will miss some of the best moments of your life. It's dumb.
well if the views are dropping cause there is comming an end to this amazing series. THEN DONT STOP!!! PLEASE!!! I NEED THIS IN MY LIFE!!
Tom, you might be over analysing your viewership drop off: I think it's more likely that your audience are mainly school/college/uni students, and we're all back to work, we still love your work
People left because they didnt want to suffer through the last episodes knowing that it wont continue
I know I haven't been watching as much/as soon since I'm drowning in exams and homework. I'm having trouble remembering what math looked like not being made of 50%+ Greek letters.
TOM I JUST STARTED MY FIRST YEAR AT UNI AND I HAVENT HAD TIME TO WATCH YOU :( \n\nIM SORRY BUT I TRY TO WATCH WHEN I CAN AND PLEASE DONT GET UPSET BECAUSE OF IT BECAUSE I STILL LOVE YOUR CONTENT AND LAST WEEK VLOGS <33333
YESSS. my friend is also in that catherine tate sketch and we never let her live it down.
It may not mean much, but since you announced Last Week was ending I got super busy with school mostly, and life, so when I used to watch on Monday or Tuesday, I now usually watch on a Friday (I think) because I'm behind on my subscription box.
Rik, no C.... omg wait, is he named after Rik Mayall of Young Ones, Bottom and being an amazing comedian fame? 👍🏻
hey tom.  I think crash zoom should come out on last week #90
You cant end Last Week...you are a part of my life now
19:18 IS THAT FUCKING KEELHAULED IN THE BACKGROUND!?
no wonder I'm sick, tom got me infected...even from approx. 5000 miles away...bluuhhh
I wonder if Rik will watch this in 15 years…
Can you upload the skits from last week by themselves
Last week you dead -_- jk
Tom,\n\nYou need to shoot all those problems away.
Re your thoughts on the views, i personally watched your last weeks the day they came out, but nowadays things are too busy and it takes me a week to catch up with you youtube - so maybe it's because school's started (I'm not in school tho) and generally people are more busy now? I still care tho and I love watching these!
Tom, regarding the viewer count reduction, keep in mind there are other factors.  Here in the states, public school just started a number of weeks ago.  Right around when you made the announcement.\n\nCorrelation/causation and all that. :)
I've started watching last week more since you said about it finishing
About the drop in views, I know some people are the opposite of you with shows - when they know a show is ending they stop watching, because endings, even satisfying ones, are sad to them.  If you don't see the end it feels infinite and full of opportunities.
I just came here to tell you I had the weirdest dream about Tom, he was the joker and he was throwing apples at people. That was it.
Don't know whether you've considered this, but in regards to view count, a lot of university's have been going back over the past few weeks, so people have had freshers weeks, and I know a lot of my friends who have just moved into new builds have yet to get internet connections set up, so maybe that has had something to do with it. Just bad timing maybe?
Zack? Zak the doggo is as old me
Cannot w a i t for drunk uncle tom
Haha, I have that I am actually in my thirties shirt as well and became father of a little daughter a couple of months ago :D
Now that eddie has his kid, what's about you and charly?\nwanna have a baby as well?
Tom what happened to your diet? Wanted to ask for a long while now if you don't mind.
I don't care about the thumbnail or the title I watch it because last week is my favourite youtube series because it's funny and I am sad that it's ending but I appreciate his decision .
I heard that summer vacation has ended in USA and in my case (who watched every week) got no more time to watch a full 30m video lately. I didn't even knew about the end being in febuary until you say it in this video, haha.
I saw you at Glasgow and almost fainted because you're real.. YOU'RE REAL
GREENWICH MY BAE MA HOMIE MA HOME
TINY RICK!
30:09 he gettin the succ
So hype for crashzoom
LOOK AT THAT CUTE LIL BB OMG
When Squidge nearly becomes Hitler
stay awesome Tomska
ogh!!!! legit FLIPpeD sHIT WhEN ALesTOrM stARTeD PLAYing
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!
No more gitches... but. \n\nHawoweeewnnnnn
Congratulations Eddie !!! 🍾🥂❤️
there is also Lyft maybe???
CRASH ZOOM FTW
15:26 wtf Elliot Gooch back from the dead
Lel you sound drunk n tired
Chralie ruining your Ferris Bueller bit was my favourite.
BABY!
YAY ASHENS
:D
Any Alestorm fans here?
Glitches, Glitches everywhere
Loyal Weeklings unite!
Baby!!!!!
Subtle Alestorm
YES THE ALESTORM KEELHAULED!
Congrats Eddie!! Your baby is adorable!!
CONGRATS EDDIE! RIK IS ADORABLE
I'm Tiny RICK!!! Congratulations Eddie!
What kind of youtuber blames themselves for a drop in views when there's a wonderful faceless 'Algorithm' just waiting for everyone to yell at it!
ARE WE ALLOWED TO NICKNAME RICK TINY RICK
To help more dogs like Lena find their forever home, you can support the Takis Shelter: http://thedo.do/takis.
I think she’s the same breed as my dog Jenna. Same fur colors too, she has to b a mixed breed
Good people make this world beautiful.
i like her better when she was starving...had more bite to personality.
The Philippines are full of those dogs. Wish I was able to help them all. Bless you Sir
First that dog is scared and starving now a strong loving dog
I literally cried tears of happiness
What a transformation.  Shows you what love & the right attention can do.  Thanks!  😊
Im glad my animals have never known starvation or abuse i built my YouTube channel to be all about my exotic pets.
Omg this is gonna make me cry! 😭😅😫😪
Why does this remind me of lookism...
Grey Hounds are Beautiful & loyal dogs, so Horrible to chain & starve a dog. Happy ending Thank You very much.
thank you so much for what you did for her ,iam glad you have a good heart,i am glad you didnt give up ,,god bless you
Beautiful girl have a great life and well done rescuers
Why on earth do I keep on watching these videos when they make me cry so much! But I love that animals are rescued
Guys hope for paws does the same thing
Y did people dislike this
SHE IS SO PRETTY
Let the people who did this burn in hell.
Wow, nice story, heartbreaking beginning, but such a happy ending!
Awww what a poor dog doing outside how sad:(
I'm afraid the she has a sevear case of good girl syndrome
Look at the bones
Looks like a wild dog
Im sad not about this im sad about the dodo.not rescuing birds parrots
Greyhound dog is so playful and love to play with his friend and jump i have a greyhound dog too she is so fast
Amazing and beautiful story. Her transformation is so inspiring!
What are angels if they are not people like Lena's rescuer?! I salute you.. our world would be heaven if everyone was a true human being like you sir! God bless you and beautiful Lena.. Animals are our friends and the definition of unconditional love ❤ sometimes I feel we don't deserve them..
They're some dogs near where I live. I never see anyone one hope but I can see they're ribs. What do I do. My mom not gonna care But I do
Thank you for helping this pup to live and trust again.
Dogs are too pure for this world
Thank you for giving her a chance to live.
Such a beautiful story and dog. <3
She looks so different
IM NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING!
Its awful when people abandon their dogs. Unbelievable to be the same species as them.\nIts incredible when that same species finds these unfortunate dogs and take them in and care for them.
That so cute this video is soo heart warming
Some say that humans are gifted because of the things we can build. We are gifted because of our power to heal the wounds that others create.
Why do people thumb down videos ?
God bless you. . Lena is so cute ..she loves unconditional..you done a fantastic job.
it is outrageous that someone could see  this dog and not do something to help it.   You don't have to be an animal lover to just do the right thing and  if you can't rescue her, find someone who can.    This sickens me!
She is so pretty
SHE'S TOO MUCH OF A GOOD GIRL
Maybe she thought the person would hurt her, but I'm glad she's happy now
Aww. Just a little love and kindness can make a big difference. Love the dog.
You're an Angel. God bless you for what you did. They can't help themselves innocent creatures. May blessings rain down on you. You're one in a million. Thank you for caring and changing this animals life and mine. So many bad things in this cruel world. Good to see some good.☺😊
Shame all humans can't be as forgiving.
It just broke my heart seeing an animal like this. :,)
I have 5 dogs. All rescue dogs. They are all great. Love them.
That is sooo amazing!!!!! That man is soo kind!!!
Thank you for saving her life.
Whats good!!!! love watching you guys!! You guys always have good videos. Check us out Home of the XL Pitbull's in HoustonTx  WE are Ultra!!!!!
That’s a shame that is just a shame lord have mercy what made people do that to dogs😭😢😡
How was that dog still alive? GREAT JOB
Do you see the dog in my pic? Her name is Lena to❤️🐶
Sorry to ruin the vibes but anyone who thinks its acceptable to not only abandon a pet, but to tie it up and deprive it of a chance to forage and fend for itself needs to be hanged.
who lets their dog  get like that? just happy she was saved
48 dislikes? I already love my dogs more than human beings. The dislikes prove it.
I personally think this channel is a lot better than PETA's
0:01 when your anerexic cousins tells you they’re not hungry
All dogs, even the one person types, will be loving if given half a chance, then lots of patience and love.
Well done in restoring her back to fitness and emotionally being able to connect with humans again. an appalling thing is in the UK you can torture an animal to death and the maximum sentence is a pathetic six months imprisonment.
48 people have no soul.
She still seemed like she needed to gain some more weight. Unless, of course, she's just one of those skinny breeds.\nEIther way, she definitely looked so much healthier and happier. So glad she got the help and love she needed.
How wonderful -- it's amazing that dogs can learn to trust again if given enough care and nurturing.
Oh my Lord that poor thing thank you godbless you for saving the  dog
Poor baby I'm glad she was rescued.
She's so beautiful , glad there's people out there like. That guy that gives they poor little angels a second chance. Big respect
That's one hell of a transformation. It just shows a dog doesn't hold a grudge.
Made me cry. Well done for keeping going. Sometimes animals bite out of fear.. you can see when they are going to do it by their body language if you pay close attention
Awwww this made me cry lol happy tears! Lol great job! She is literally smiling 😀
Just so people know, you can make super cheap liposomal vitamin C from recipes online. This type of vitamin C is great for daily health or rescuing dogs like this one that were starved. It helps provide nutrients that they need and get them back to health.
She is such a beautiful and interesting looking dog. 🙂✌️
I feel like the person who left her their couldve been a homeless person that either left without her because they couldnt take care of her, was arrested maybe and never was able to come back or might have left one day and maybe died, leaving her orphaned. Those are the most likely choices seeing that there was a bed next to her and some supplies.
谢谢你
Good job! God bless!
dam humans
Someone cutting onions again damn it!!😪😪
Wonderful, wonderful! You GO Man!! :-)
Omygshhhhh 😢👉💗But her outcome thank God
Un abbraccio a questo uomo meraviglioso.....grazie per averlo salvato
So cute I cried 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
nice my dude.
😢😭😢😭
:,).
this is priceless.
😭😭
Awwwww is she is
Good man
Excite doggo
Cool video!!
She’ll soon get spoiled, she’ll soon get spoiled.....
#sTOpDoGAbUSe
Oh is cute<3
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUUUUUUUTEEEEEE
AWEEEE
Awe so cute
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
THANKS DODO ANOTHER WINNING VIDEO BUDDY!!!!!!
brave toutou !!! 👍👍
That ending was smooth
I just got a Ted ad on this Ted video
Robotnic is responsible for this
I will say it again , this channel has thought me more then my school
Hey Ted, what do you think about the EM-Drive?
I'm not usually nearly as impressed by your stories as other people are. but this is freaking amazing.
oi pap!\nthe shweep only havw oane eye!\n\n- Isn't that all Beer and Skittles? Le'ts cwall some science-slickers.
they told the ranchers to steer clear of the flower
They forgot to mention the Sonic Hedgehog thing with the girls sonic comic
play electric attack solid one leader communicate.
Then why does Sonic the hedgehog have 1 eye
In russia, sheep has 3 eye
ted-ed videos always end up having me goosebumps all over...
Was this video only recommended to me because I searched for Diane NGUYEN from Bojack Horseman, recently?
DO NOT GOOGLE THIS
Was the sonic hedgehog gene named after sonic the hedgehog?
Baaaaaaaa....
Saw the actual photos. I need to keep an eye out for nightmares now.
Give those farmers medals.....
Why do these sheep have vertical pupils?
I have a question, how do we know that the nucleus of the earth is hot?
that pun at last
Dont google cyclop sheep the drawing looks way cuter than it should
When you reallize Soinc the hedgehog has joint eyes!!! :O
Anyone else thinks the Hedgehog gene cell is cutely drawn?
I have a feeling that whole video was build up for that pun at the end 😂
0:45 Hence the reason why Rick is afraid of Cob World
Me: How did you find out this medicine could be used for cancer?  Doctor: Cyclops sheep ................................................................................ *crickets chirp* ....................................................................................
is this real or a riddle?
Hedgehog gene?  As in the sonic hedgehog gene?  I'm not joking.   That's its actual name.
Those sheeps can deal extra damage!\nTOO BAD! Because their range is lower!
you guys should do a vid on mike the headless chicken\n(rooster)
I love the conclusion at the end. SO beautiful
Sounds like the farma corporations wanted to get a hold of the profits so they declared the cyclopamine not safe and instead they developed a drug that does the same thing but I bet with worst side effects...way to go America letting corporations run wild.
Did the sheep blink or wink? The world may never know...
Is Wild corn lilly also called  western false hellebore (Veratrum californicum)? http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleNo/44550/title/The-Cyclopes-of-Idaho--1950s/
Good work on the animation
Tien voice over is the best
So that's what my dick's been eating
please make a video on discovery of zero.
The stranger case I actually find how to pronounce that freaken name. Nuguyun? N-guy-en? ..
Too bad Tien wasn’t talking about three eyed sheep
We watched this in class
Cyclopamine... is that where Cyclophosphamnide (cancer drug) synthesized from?
This is the link for that kinds of sheep in real life.... https://youtu.be/vLHc5PKJyAc
The end music was interesting
Anyone thought that sheep is a reference from the odyssey in which the sheeps are in the cyclops islands?
In the cyclops greek tale with Odysseus there are sheep.. hmm..
More than meats the eye\n-TED-ED 2017
the scientist in orange looks like a teen stanford pines
I have a hedgehog.....
The real question is does the gene make you run faster?
Ok, why does the cartoon cyclopamine have two eyes???
I was kind of expecting a Polyphemus reference, but the pun was way better
sonic the hedgehog+Gene=hedgehog Gene ... That's good to know.
Nobel prize for best farmers should be given.
I have one tiny comment: the DNA (1:19) is drawn incorrectly (it is left handed but should be right handed). But as usual, the video is lovely and I very much enjoyed it :)
your new animator did a stellar job. please keep him.
Everybody if you're reading this please like this comment and subscribe to my page n check out Treble - No Competition. Everybody deserves a chance to at least get heard.. I just ask u give me mine.. Please n Thank you
Anyone else slightly annoyed that the cyclopamine animation had two eyes
they took 4 decades i took 4 min knowing about their 4 decades
anyone love the animation? \n\n\n\n\nme!🙌
If your high asf don't watch this
And then they realised that they were looking at the wrong end of the sheep.
Says it's a non profit organization and has a add
So this is why sonics eyes are conjoined...
Nice pun mate
Аниме на аве твоя мать в канаве
Aww thank you farmers and scientists 👍
Don't Google Cyclops sheep!
Damn dem cyclops sheep be cute
toddler
Sonic the hedgehog
DAMN THAT HEDGEHOG
01:48 spooky!
-Farmers see one eyed lambs\n-“Ewe’ve gotta be kidding me!”
Cloud sheep
Loved it, Thanks
Sonic the Hedgehog gene
K
popopopoppooorotiyo d
More riddles!
No click bait, a unicorn
Those sheep looked like dogs
Da D
Same animator as troll face adventures
Do they shoot mega tears
Stranger than fiction.
btw..you talk a lot!
it's sonics fault
*_PAY THE TOLL_*
Creeps me outtttttt
Use the full nomenclature. \nSanic hedgehogggg geeeeeneee :D
Singular deformity XD
kudos to curiosity
Thanks farmers
Amosc: @itsbandzbaby
Oh gawd the puns...............
My Wordbook:\nDeformity 畸形\nCyclops 独眼的\nHypothesize 假设\nEwe 母羊\nFlora 植物群落\nCulprit 凶手\nHedgehog 刺猬\nElude 逃避\nSyndrome 综合症\nFreak 怪人，怪物，怪诞
Ive listened to this every day for the past 5 days since its been released lol
Somebody else came here because Sabrina Carpenter's post?...
Y’all ain’t been keeping up, her whole album bouta have them lesbian vibes 🙌❤️
lol i thought its michael jackson on the tumbnail
The 407 people who disliked this have something wrong with their ears AND their mindset.
Voice is pure as Honey..which doesn't stale 😍😋♥️
can someone tell me how women can be green and money jealous?
How can you be green?lmao but this is a masterpiece
does kehlani know that she's dating herself?
Wait she’s a lesbian? Lol
Pretty sure the first thousand plays are all from me
Ho my god ! I'm crying 😍😍😭
Wow this is so gay me likey
Does anyone keep coming back to this page to see if the song has hit 1 million yet lmao
The guitar reminds me so much of dear no one, throw backkk, and I am loving this so much.
DROP THE MUSIC VIDEO!!!!!
the gays are goin crazy in the comments AND IM LIVING FOR IT
Who is here listening this song while reading these comments\nHit that like button!
Hey Baelani fans! I recently created an online magazine for queer women of color and found this track to be perfect, so I wrote an article about it. I highlighted some of your comments (Tsunami mob is the best lol). Check it out here: https://lesbionyx.com/fye/2017/10/4/kehlani-drops-new-single-honey-and-the-lady-gays-are-rejoicing
I love her so so much 😍😍😙😚
Im not Gay can i like it too? I mean i do. like my Girl like my honey tho
GUYS CHECK OUT Sabrina carpenters cover of this it’s so dope
Love you for this 😩
STAR WARS : A NEW HOPE = Kehlani <3
My girlfriend loves this song lol. I DO TOOOO JUST AS MUCH LIKE FR.
I'm a female rapper from Memphis. Just trying to get my music out here. Give it a listen if you want.\nhttps://soundcloud.com/kaylin-fields-153463049/kaylin-bomb
I can’t deny that this song is beautiful but I feel word listening to it...Kehlani’s voice tho 👌🏽
YAAAAS!! LOVE THIS, that voice & that acoustic guitar.
need a music video for this
The song is called honey cuase its so sweet and soft like..well honey dont mind my straight ass cuase im still gonna download it😂 its such a cute song tbh
Can't wait to find my soulmate while listening to this 😍👭
This is feeding my gay heart well, thanks babes
What a beautiful love song
Recommendations has done its job ❤️
I’m here for a lesbian album
her voice is like honey.
Music is not so bad these days once you avoid all of the trash on the radio. I'm sick of Bodak Yellow.
omg like im so in love with this song❤️❤️😍😍😍 thanks @kehlani
She is a queen 😫😭❤️🔥✨
BEAUTIFUL IS ALL I CAN SAY no other words describe this song💜😍💯❤🔥😣😭😂😚
kehlani is dating herself and im here for it 100%
Song that plays in my head while i think of my crush
[Chorus]\nI like my girls just like I like my honey; sweet\nA little selfish\nI like my women like I like my money; green\nA little jealous\n'Cause I'm a beautiful wreck\nA colorful mess, but I'm funny\nOh, I'm a heartbreak vet\nWith a stone-cold neck, yeah, I'm charming\n\n[Refrain]\nAll the pretty girls in the world\nBut I'm in this space with you\nColored out the line\nI came to find, my fire was fate with you\nHeartache would stay with you\nFly great escapes with you\n\n[Verse]\nI countdown to the clock, saw you awake\nDon't walk away, or would you wait for me?\nI go out to the bar, fuck hangin' with the stars\nDon't even have a car, but you would wait for me\n\n[Refrain]\nAll, all, all, all the pretty girls in the world\nBut I'm in this space with you\nColored out the lines\nI came to find, my fire was fate with you\nMy heartache would stay with you\nEscape with you\n\n[Chorus]\nI like my girls just like I like my honey; sweet\nA little selfish, huh\nI like my women like I like my money; green\nA little jealous\nOh, I'm a beautiful wreck\nA colorful mess, but I'm funny\nOh, I'm a heartbreak vet\nWith a stone-cold neck, I'm so charming, oh, oh\n\n[Bridge]\nLa-la-la-la-la-la-la\nDo-do-do do-do\nDo-do-do do-do\nDo-do-do do-do\nDa-da-da da-da\nDo-do-do do-do\n\n[Outro]\nIs it love all we need? Is it love?\nDo-do-do do-do\nTo be the same prophecy? Is it love?\nDo-do-do do-do\nDo-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti, is it love?\nDo-do-do do-do\nLove, do-do-do do-do
This song is soo Beautiful!. You could hear the happiness in her spirit and the Completness in her melody. #LoveSoundsBeautifulOnYouBabe <3. Henrietta's in Nyc is gonna play ya ish all day lmao.
Me at 0:03 ''I already love this''
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL, IM LIVING
Is this about her girlfriend? Cause I freaking love them together.
Kehlani and SZA need to do a collab right the fuck now!!!!
who want karaoke of it
Am i the only one that thinks  she should be more recognized and that this video NEEDS more views... Like this shit is fire
this is the most beautiful song in the world 😭
This song is enchanting 😍 I love it
My ears are blessed, heart is contained, life is complete. WHAT A SONG.
IM READY. Friggin large popcorn! Hot dog! Damn slurpy damnit! Don't talk to me when I sit down to watch this! Don't touch me ! Don't breathe in my direction ! This is it!
THIS IS PURE FROM THE HEART😍🍯😭
i was not expecting this... i love it
YEAH! Kehlani is back  ! It felt like ages the last time she put music
I love this girl right here lol!!! 😍😍😍😍
I want a girl so I can sing this to her
i been waiting on a song like this since first position
Do u hear that I think it’s gods angels
does anybody know any other songs with this specific kinda chill acoustic vibe??
KEHLANI PLEASE COME TO SPAIN!
Dmn right u charming ! N Funny, N Hunny
so gay I loveeee it
Omfgggg yesssss 😩😩😩😍😍💕💕
1:04 is my favorite ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love this❤❤
HONEY TO MY EARS <3 <3 <3
honey voice
This is beautiful😍😍😍😍😍
ily.
Loving thissss; 😍😍😍
She always my favourite
The guitar is soooo repetitive!!\n😒🙉🙉
OMF FINALLYYYYYYYYYY AN AWESOME BI SONG
❤️💛💚💙💜
She sounds like SZA. <3
wOW KEHLANI DID THAT
MY GAY HEART
YAZ
BRAZIL LOVES U 🍯💕
love u ♥
Love this
🍯🍯🍯🍯sweet. Worded perfectly
Wowzers 😦
Beautiful 🔮
Honey kehlani :(
Straight Grammy.
COLLAB with russ😭😭😭
Can't can't CAN'T
So fucking beautiful.
so good💛
Goal😍😍
Waiting for more gay anthems ! <3
My gay heart................ thanks Kehlani
FUCK
when your straight lmao
YES.
This song makes me feel gayer
Billie Jean?\n\nNot my lover.\n\nDEAD
Wow this is the best sketch I've seen in a very long time. Hilarious. Thanks Tim.
We tried to go on a family holiday but we were stopped in the airport. Now I know why.\nI’m sorry for how things ended, Tim.
bloody great!
I surgically removed my ex's eyes so I could see what she was up to. We've all been there
0:48 That reminds me of one of Tim's really old vlogs in which he says I'm so confident in my sexuality I could fuck a guy and it wouldn't be gay
So many genuine laughs from this. Good on you, very hard to do these days.
Thumbs up for the Billie Jean reference.
You think I wouldn't catch that corn maze reference but you know I did
billy jean is not my lover
Jack once again playing the only voice of reason in the world
What a brilliant video to bring out since the last one a few months ago, absolutely hilarious
Three of my favorite youtube people. this was  brill♥
For a second, i thought the vet was the actress from wynonna earp. They look so alike!
Yeah we've all been there. Except for the submarines. I haven't done that yet.
This is what I come to YouTube for, snappy, witty sketch comedy. Bravo!
holy fuck i have the biggest crush on tim
I love how somehow it's always Jack that ends up being exasperated with his friends' ridiculousness, whether it be Dean or Tim and Dom lol
My oh my I love this one! Well done.
Itd be cool if tim liked this comment
I AM DYING THIS IS AMAZING
A helicopter, tranq dart, and a seventeen-hectare corn maze filled with scorpions. Yeah, we've all been there.
Quality work as always
Been so long, Tim!! :) good causal acting
There we've all been
Hello Tom. *cocks head* \nI fully expected you all to accuse Jack of having sent his ex a Howler when he mentioned a letter.
Little bit too long and repetitive for a weak punchline
Clever as always. I laughed so hard.
the acting and comedic timing was spot on in this!
this is bloody brilliant oh my gosh
Dom Fera omg I totally forgot about him. What a contributor to classic YouTube. Glad you're still alive, man. 😅
billy jean, not my lover\nfucking brilliant
Watching this video? We've all been there
Aaahh I miss this content! had a smile on my face through out the entire video! :D
I snort-laughed on the bus...
I was thinking about you the other day this can't be a coincidence right
Corn maze? Was that a throw-back? :o
I agree, I mean, I cursed my ex, and now his house has burnt down and his otter is dead - Kathleen Raine 1968 (commenting on her ex Gavin Maxwell who turned out to be gay...)
HOW DO YOU EVEN COME UP WITH THIS I HAVENT STOPPED LAUGHING FOR HOURS
What’s better than this? Guys bein doods
i mean i've surely been there. everytime i break up with one of my boyfriends i make sure to hex him and then section him off from his family and slowly start causing disasters between him and everyone he loves.\n\n\nwe've all been there.
Oh god that Billie Jean joke x'D
wanted to know what was going on in my ex's life so i figured it was just easier to kill him and become him
this is very good
Finally! A video. Still great. We've all been there.
pls dont steal my little brother, man. no matter how relateable the urge is....
i liked the spitted WHATHG at the end good touch
Take a shot every time they say we've all been there.
*gets notification* do my eyes deceive me it can't be I'm not ready
So happy that he posted another great sketch
Jack neglected to mention the anthrax he dusted that letter with.
*W E ‘ V E    A L L     B E E N    T H E R E .*
Literary uploaded at the exact time when my gf of 6years left me
This is me compared to all of my friends\n\nI'm Jack
ASADAFADF THANK YOU FOR THIS
I mean to be fair I did get all of his siblings to like me more than they like him, BUT WE'VE ALL BEEN THERE
Amber?\nSurgically removed her hands and now they're mine\nMe: well fuck...
Trying to come up with a witty funny comment to show you guys how much I love this, but I can't think of anything... but I guess we've all been there.
did you get a bunch of bats?
HAHA THIS IS GREAT! I love it!
Tim's back for real? Yess
I hate beer but it's very satisfying to see them drinking a good ol' Belgian Hoegaarden. \nThis was fucking hilarious tho.
This was hilarious
Really a letter to tell her how you feel?\nWhy didn't you send her a letter bomb or I don't know send her a paket of high quality kokain and give the police a tip.\nYou know something a sane person would do you sicko.
Hi, I'm new here! YouTube suggestions is killing it! This is funny!!!! 👏👏👏
this was so well written lmao
YAY! Every time you upload you consistently raise the bar and never disappoint and your honestly one of the best creators I've ever had the pleasure to come across
Oh man, this is brilliant 😂 Hilariously funny. Where do you even get these ideas from!?
Rip to all of Tim's future ex-girlfriends
american dude looks like adam driver
Comedy is art omg
CORN MAZE!!!
Finally
i love this
i fucking hate myself too
This is classic
CORN MAZE
0:16 roll credits
ima firin mah lazer
Occult following continue
Haven't seen a video from you in a while, but man, this was worth the wait
😂
My jaw hurts from laughing now.
This was absolutely brilliant
This was amazing!
THE KID 😂😂😂
Tim is back!?
excellent
hahaha i love this!! ❤❤
Billie Jean, not my lover.
Wiv awl bin thae
He stole her brother😂😂😂😂
YES DOM!!!
Lmao
Hahahahaha this was amazing.
CORN MAZE
Eyyy, he’s back
Tim you're alive!
Watching this for the forth time now 😂
Damn I love your videos
Happy Hump Day, everyone! Coming atcha with a fresh episode of favorites! Let me know what you loved or tried this month here. 😊
Lol you're giving me such flashbacks... we're the same age and a lot of my friends were into deathnote in high school so the nostalgia is hitting hard
Jenn, I swear we are brain twins. We think so alike that it's borderline creepy and I mean that nicely lol.
What’s happen? I can see translated Japanese 👀
I'm so glad you are starting to read manga! You should check out Monster since you enjoyed Deathnote so much!
Wonderful video! I just posted a similar video and would love your feedback!!
im alone at home and my active imagination.. T^T
Where can i get a personal name plate necklace like yours?
Jenn unnie your make up look is so pretty! And omg there are so so many captions available in different languages 😂 I've never seen this much tho
Death Note is one of my favourite anime! 😊
If you like the Death Note manga, you will love the anime. Literally one of the best animes out there, Jenn ! :D
I wish you had extended sizes for your clothing line :(
I’ve been into death note ever since I was in 7th grade back in 2007 I believe. Still love that anime til this day & Im glad you are digging it! You definitely should watch the anime but don’t bother watching the American live action of it on Netflix! Lol also love the eyeshadow color combo 😍 so cute!
Death Note!
Yeeeeahh Death Note! You should watch the anime too, it's so good...
My twin and I have been watching your videos and we have really been enjoying them! We also post videos on our channel every week! We have really been struggling with the views so it would really mean A LOT if you checked them out! 😘😘
YouTube should pay for video transcription. Work like that should not be done for free by clueless teenagers who don't know they should earn money for their work.
Love the headband!! Where is it from?
I also love death note but I haven't had the chance to read the manga. I have watched the anime series and all of the movies even the netflix version (but I really don't recommend it haha) it's also fun to see a story that comes into life when watching it on film but I know reading the book is also a great exercise for the imagination <3 \n\nP.S. I have been wanting to watch IT but I am afraid of clowns but I think the by way you describe it I can handle IT as well! makes me want to watch it now haha wish me luck!
That burp at the end though lmao. Also i cant tell, but do you have red under your black nail polish? cause that is SO CUTE!
PLEASE DO A TUTORIAL FOR THIS MAKEUP LOOK！！！！！！！！
That burp in the end omg Jenn xDDDDDDDD
Makeup tutorial pleeeease! Gorgeous! ❤️
There are so many Chinese people translated your video, we love you so much!😘
thanks to you I read Ready Player One !! it was such a great book ! can't wait to read your other recommendations !!
Girl ... go ahead and dive into the manga world, you'll love it !!
did no one notice the burp at the ending?? lmao
But does anyone really need to summarise death note
Tutorial on this look please!!!❤️❤️❤️
when she said butthole lips i had war flashbacks to every time safiya nygaard had said that in her videos
Jenn if they get to make a solution for the international shipping is there anyway we can separate the pieces we want, because i really want the fuzzy tee and with the cost of the shipping is imposible for me to get it
Death note is on Netflix!!
YAY YOU HAVE A DEATH NOTE MANGA. IM SO HAPPY. AND I LOVE YOU AND YOUR VIDEOS. HOPE YOU’RE ENJOYING DEATH NOTE. sorry I typed in all caps I got excited 😅
IM THE SAME WITH HORROR! I'm glad I'm not alone TT_TT. I'm still traumatised from horror.
I really love the way you put subtitle in each of video. English is not my mother language so I watch your video every single day to improve my English skills. Love you so much :***
I love that I can relate to you. For horror movies, I have an active imagination as well. If I see or read anything scary, I remember it forever. In addition, I LOVE LOVE LOVE subtitles as well 😂
The 'extra' at the end of this video though! LOL
Hey Jen! I was wondering if you could try to do your favorite nail styles! like just a video about what kind of nails matches specific oufits, preferred shape, colors, designs, etc! thank you!!
Hey Jenn😊 \nMay i know where can i buy your necklace, it looks gorgeous!!!
your eye makeup is beautiful !
THAT BURP. OMG haha it took me by surprise :P
Please do a tutorial for your eye makeup!!! IT'S AMAZING ❤❤❤
Your makeup is popping! I always love listening to you describe books or movies :)
Jenn! I really would like to transcribe your videos<3 Since I've got lots of things from you, I'd want to give you something back!! I tried to transcribe the last video you attached, but I couldn't find the 'add more language' button, why??
I really cannot wait you to read the entire Death Note!!! And watch anime ver and talk passionately about the finale of each ver ;)
Wild is also a movie starring Reese Witherspoon. One of my favorite adaptations. You should check it out!
I swear by Death Note! One of the best manga ever!!!! Your bro got good taste!!\nI love the movie and series too but as they extended it, I didn't watch it anymore.. usually sequels disappoint me but I might watch one day..
Cheryl Strayed (author of Wild ) has a podcast called Dear Sugar that I think you'd enjoy! Her and her cohost's voices are so soothing and I love listening to it when I'm getting ready
PLEASE do a makeup tutorial for this look!! Amazing!
Your eye makeup is always popping' love it Jenn! <3 Can you do a tutorial on this eye look? :)
Whoaaa, super happy that you've got a chance to read Death Note. It's a bit scary how a high-schoolar decide to kill people very easily, but I read it just because I like the unusual story-line. It's very old manga though, I read it like 8 years ago.
I've never commented a video, but I love your eyeshadow soooooo much ! \nLove from France, C. \n(Sorry for the bad English)
Watch the movie for Wild!!! So good
Hey Jenn! My fav right now is the Laura M. Tinted Moisturizer. The coverage is great and lightweight while I've been living in Spain! Also the app Blink gives great daily bits from self help books. Def look into it I think you'd love it.
If you're interested, Wild was adapted into a movie of the same name with Reese Witherspoon playing Cheryl, that's my favorite movie, you should watch it !!!!!
Omg whats with that last part?! The burping whilst having the dior lipstick up 😐
Hi Jenn!💎 I just submitted my Japanese translation of your confidence video for review 🇯🇵😀 That video is one of my favourites and you've been such an inspiration to me ever since I discovered your channel, so I wanted to give something back 💞 I hope more Japanese viewers discover your channel!!!
Jen... both death note and wild had a movie. U should check it out🤓
Jenn! Do you wear contacts? Your eyes are especially alluring in this video *.*
love this eye makeup so much!!!!!!
I've always heard really good reviews about DeathNote, but have yet to read it. Now I am VERY tempted. Also, your entire look today is so cute! Love it.
Ooooh Death Note! You should watch the Death Note movie! I'm not one for horror movies either but my friend dragged me to the theatre when it came out and it was actually not as scary.
Makeup tutorial please! 😍 love you! You're so beautiful!
There are a bunch of anime and manga with interesting storylines. Let's just say you'll hardly get bored of it and there are bunch of genres you can dip into.
Thanks for the book recommendation!
Can any body tell me how can I translate it and add the subtitle on?
You look so pretty. Your eye makeup is on point girl! And you are so damn hard working. How can you post so many videos in such a short time. I couldn't catch up with em all with my new college schedule. But I can never afford to miss your favorites video, can I? Love you sista!! Keep rocking!!
sooo weird, I just finished watching death note! loved it ofc! 💕 ily2 Jenn :)
I came here for the pretty face....I hate myself.
Love that little blooper at the end 😂
We have the same birthday!! 💖 Belated happy birthday twin!
uuugh jenn, this video was tooooo short! Plus it was your birthday month!!
Jenn, I always look forward to your favorites! :)
Love your eye make up!!
You have the cutest friggin face.. I can't even.....🙈
i love how you did eyeshadow! would love to see a tutorial how to do it!
I recommend the Beautiful Anonymous podcast by Chris Gethard
Yes Jenn!! Woo you need to get on that manga and anime train ASAP ☺ and continue on!
Jen, you have been missing out on mangas all your life!
Please tell us what eyeshadow you used
I might be able to help with Japanese translation! If there is 2 people did the translation,how would you pick?
Ur eyeshadow 😍👏🏼
OMG!... you have a korean subs too ! I love it, Thank you
eye makeup on point gurl!! 11/10
I'm definitely buying Rolling!
loooove your eyeshadow look!!
chinese?
deathnote is the besttttt
the BURP
💗💗💗
한글 자막이 생겨서 깜짝놀랐어요! 너무 감사합니다!! 그동안 영어를 몰라서 그냥 영상만 보고 있었는데 이제 자막으로 무슨말을 하는지 다 알수있어서 진짜 너무 좋아요👍😍
lol butthole lips that seriously is perfect 👌🏼
Favorite youtuber getting into favorite manga!!!
yasss, DEATH NOTE
Lovingggg this look, you are radiating!
Dayummmmm those shadows😍
YEEEES Death Note!
Your eye makeup is gorgeous^ ^
TUTORIAL FOR THIS MAKEUP PLEASEEEEEE 😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥
한글 자막❤❤❤❤
this video is really good, but the music ''sounds'' better with the old one. btw, i hated when i found out it was removed
Hey everyone! Just did a cover of this song up on my channel ✨\n\nWATCH HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUpHm8goGdE
homosexual is 💩
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GotXeCwUnc\n\nskateboard same subject
🙌🏼
Love joanne the scamer  just not new fergi
It's hard to recognize Fergie's voice in this song, especially in the beginning. And Joann the Scammer... wtf?
where is the other video?
This sounds like WE GO DEEP of Janet jackson
Korean girl who is famous for boarding ?? S\n@.@
Ami the only one that feels its kind of like sad story video?
FERGIE. GURL. YOU NEED TO MAKE THIS SONG JUSTICE. WHAT IS THIS. WHAT. IS. THIS. GURL STEP UP YOUR FUCKING GAME WITH THIS SONG VIDEO. LIKE FOR REAL. THIS SONG IS FIRE LIKE HELL FIRE, AND YOU ARE GIVING US SOME KIDS SKATEBOARDING. HELL TO THE NO. BITCH I BETTER SEE YOU ROCKING SOME EMPOWERING OUTFIT AND SOME FIRE HEELS ON A CATWALK OR A SIDEWALK GIVING ME ATTITUDE OR SOME NEW YORK STUF OR IDK GURL GIVE ME LIFE WITH A VIDEO, WHAT IS THIS. \nWHAT 👏🏻 IS 👏🏻 THIS 👏🏻
what's the skateboard girl's name?
im sooo fucking obsessed with joanne  part keep watching over and over just for that part
What happened to the old video?
That girl has good some MaD skateboarding  sKiLlZ
As Joanne would say... this video is “iconic”
i cant understand why delete the other video!! i dont like this video the firts is better!! ! i want  the raver video !! >.<
Sorry what does it mean he said bcos she is Asian? Why? I'm not quite get it the meaning of the video anyone?
those new folks out there should look up to Fergie.
JOANNE THE SCAMMER SAVED THIS MUSIC VIDEO TO BE HONEST.
2:45 Joanne The Scammer, you're welcome!
THE long boarder !!!!!!
WTF???
JOANNE the SCAMMER FTMFW!
underrated
Love 😍😍😍😍
472,956 views
Porqué cambiaron el vídeo?????
What happened with the old video?
Now get back on that stolen skateboard... LOL
so good if all singers did the same...we love music videos...congratulations fergie...excelent songs,beats,true feelings..kisses frim brazil
Y'all need to support her.
OMG I JUST DIED OF THE SCAMMERS SCENE
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS NOT BLOWING UP!!!!?????
It sounds like Britney. I love it!
*I am obsessed with this song*
THE BEST SONG OF THE ALBUM
I JUST CAME HERE FOR THE BEAUTIFUL CAUCASIAN LADY😂 JOANNE
what happend to the coachella video?
What's the name of the corean girl of the skateeee !!! ?
Oh I'm happy that I see this Korean girl from vine or whatever doing the cool skateboard stuff - she's going places! :D
Ohhh poor child! lol
I love this
im simple ass gay ass bich i see joan the scammer i mothafuckn click
Favorite song on the album. Love your high breathy sexy end voice. And I love the beat!! This is you!!!
lol i shan't question why joanne is in this coz i love it
Love the song hate the video-
As much as I love this song, this alternative video is underwhelming.
Joanne officially rules the world.
Lol....  so get back on that stolen skateboard and drive...😂😅😂
Y the gay guy talkin like some kinda prophet from ...Beverly Hills
I was about to view it later but then i saw Joanne, the Scammer... ICONIC!
hi we are les tdks dancers of afro hip hop we had dance on this music go to wacth o ur channel ok \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebeqdlp_A5Q
joanne appeared for less than a minute and yet still manage to steal something. ICONIC!
i love the previous mv more. this is not match with song, i think.
this beat is sick
to all Fergie's Fans, Enjoy the karaoke of this song on my channel, Greetings from Colombia.
This is one of my favorite songs off the album. This video could have been soooooo much better!! I need a redo!
That Van's store is here in San Pedro! Just a few blocks down from me.. omg no wonder there was so much filming in the past month. Love you Fergie
This video is so unnecessary. The first one was more than good.
I came for Joanne, stayed for the beat.
I prefered the other music video :(  this one is more boring af, at  least the other one makes me wanna get high lol
high key the original video had a better vibe that fit the song. i know a lot of people are saying the video was removed due to the flash of a feminine nipple, but I can't help but feel the original video with girl-on-girl music festival sexual-tension fit way better than this video. :s such a shame since this being apart of the visual album becomes a filler video imho\nnot to discredit the BOMB longboarding our lead girl is blasting out on those roads, just seems like a miss in fitting in with the visual albums vibe
What's the Asian girl name
Saludos desde santo domingo
Esperava algo melhor pra minha música preferida do cd. Mas mesmoo assim tá valendo.
Gostava mais do outro
Я так катаюсь на куске хозяйственного мыла, могу весь город объехать!
Joanne’s legs tho 😍
I only clicked bc Joanne
like this Johanne the skammer lol
YYEEAASS I waited for another Dope Fergie Album! This beat is Sick! Double Dutchess! 💚💙
❤
Omg Ariana Grande HAHAHA
Joanne lmaooo
Voltou? Ue?
Number 1!!!!!! Thumbs up!!!!💘💘💘
Booring
Hhhhhh 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Wowwwww
ICONIC!
Love it
Arrasou, Rainha faz assim mesmo.
I Love Fergie 😘😘😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍
This gives me major disco vibes
Britney Spears vibes💕
GOOD!......FIVE STARS!.......
ooo nice vd,, so sweet, this??
My Queen love Fergie
AND THE SUBTITLES!!!!!!!!!?
COME TO BRAZIL
Que hermosa estas fergie ❤
OH MY GOD JOANNE MY QUEEN
Why is fergie flop?
https://youtu.be/_L1qiQ97dJk   fergie lovers
DID I SEE JOANNE
JOANNE!!!!
Her voice sounds like Britney Spears.. 😁
Quero o vídeo antigo de volta! Esse nem se compara a vibe do outro...
I wanna be hyped but the last AC game that was properly optimised on Pc was Rouge please do a good job on Pc i really want to love this game but i still can't play AC3 to this day on PC cuz there's 20fps in cities
The number hitpoints that appear above of the ai's head are just too big, they need to get rid of it or make it smaller
BTW,can I aim the arrow at the guard's private parts as I please?Just like we do in sniper elite?
we took a 2 year break so we have more time to copy and paste from other developers
I only have 1 issue with this game. Where are the damn corner kills?! Petition any1? Other than that.. game looks sick
I have ever seen a game like this 😎
Did they change the controls again? As soon as this series went to Colonial America, they changed the controls for no reason and it sucked. Did they change them back to the original version or something new again for no reason?
Everything looks amazing! Hope it will be as great as AC 2 :)
Predator bow looks ridiculous and stupid 😂😂😂
Meh, I won't pay for it anyway.
If your hidden blade isn't high enough level but you sneak up behind an enemy and stab them in the skull, they'll brush it off then get into fighting stance?..actually, I've seen footage of it.🤔
Esse jogo vai ser incrível!!!!
Excellent.
Heavenly Sword?!
No double Assasination?
Stealth is life :D
Far Creed Origins :v 1:53
Good lord this game looks beautiful and amazing
I hope theres a way to turn off those big annoying yellow numbers.
Why is everyone complaining about the controllable arrow, it's like the best thing I mean if say if you don't have a great aim then you can control the arrow into where you want it to go..I mean stop complaining people!!!This game is so awesome I can't wait!!!
Games is fantasy,its just for fun.so lets enjoy it gamers!
so i guess im turning off the hud and not using the arrow for the best experience.
still waiting on a World war 1 or 2 assassin creed game that or a cowboy one.
I'm so happy for games like MGS V and this one it seems. They are GAMES. It doesn't need to limit itself.
Well I guess I'm hyped, I just won't know where to start. People will do amazing things in this game and I'll just sneak around in those bushes.
ok 2 major problems. 1) Steerable arrow? This is even more WTF then the cloaking device from the last game. 2) You have a lone guy walking at night and have your bird attack him and yet you just pop out and put an arrow in his head. Why even use the bird.\nAnd WTF is with the giant MMO pop up damage numbers?
This game is very good in graphics,but if i try to buy and  install it in my pc ,it will blast...
WOW looks freakin great!!! I wanna buy this =D
I want and assassins creed in ancient Japan with Ninjas and Samurais.
Here is my one key question: is an enemy ever too high level to be stealth-killed?
I don't get the part with the controllable arrow. HOW?
La baguette has very good english
so everyone will use bow because it more easy and more stealthy because ai is dumb
Many choices to the player. this is i like!
Looks promising but they better have fixed the modern day story. Another deaf mute character running around the place hacking computers and i'm officially done with AC.
First time I'm going to play assassins creed more then 5 min.
The combat looks so plain.
So i can control the fire arrow? :O
that large enemy type assassination animation needs more work in my opinion....
wow you can change the time\nnew Prince Of Presia confirm
Are the PC specs out yet?
please turn off the numbers when you hit someone  😕
I absolutely cannot wait for this! Every vid I see on it makes me more and more excited! Long live AC!
Take my money and give me that game right now
imo, theres too much control on that arrow, arrows turning corners is just -- wat.
Damnit... This video just made me drop $60 on the pre-order. The hype is real!
02:30\n\nNope. No thanks. I won't upgrade into that. No challenge at all. But the taming ability is cool tho.
Why can't they make a modern day assassin's creed please man bump this RPG I want a real arrow type assassin's creed
Not a fan of the cruise missile arrow. How is that logical?
not sure if it is assassins creed or far cry primal
People hate for no reason. ....ok maybe the guided Arrow is a sure dumb nonsense but come on its a game where ur playing a dude jumping from buildings and landing on his feet with no problems
instead of curving a bullet where curving arrows now In a whole new way. sponsor by Ubisoft
Without present day, AC is bullshit.
they should rename the game in AC: the magic arrow
Directing Arrow - Nothing is True, everything is permitted! :-)
Looks fun, but seriously, the ability to tame predators and a controllable bird, think it should be named Assassin Creed: Primal
Ubisoft said the same will sell better than syndicate but worst than unity, this has me worried as I feel that whether origins is good or bad, it will never sell as much as previous games and the ac franchise will only keep going downhill. Until Ubisoft lets it die quietly.\n:(
remote controlled ammunition? in ancient egypt? really?
Don't think my 1050ti would be able to play this
Arrow looks to be a game breaker. Hope I'm wrong.
Cant wait to play this game!!
I'm so excited for this game. It seems the developers know we hate the combat in assassin's Creed and are creating a better more enjoyable game. I hope we can disable the hud though I just wanna enjoy the game with no distractions or flashing bulls hit. I want to be in the game devs stop crippling us and barfing a nasty ui in our faces if we don't want it.
this predator arrow is so bad...
very nice.
Boring!!!!!!!!!!!
Becoming better everyday
Even Ubisoft is making a better Metal Gear then Konami...
I will surely be jealous of who gets this game, as I am still a user of a ps3, and my parents still say they can't afford an HD TV
I have a lot of fate in the team that made Black Flag...so I have no doubt \n, they know what they doing.
I would not using The predator Bow. It’s to much overpowered. The fly angle must be dramatic limited. But iam hyped for the Game. The Gameplay and Graphics are insane.
I hope this game has a lot of enemies.
No no no no... This combat system is terrible....  The ability to control the arrow is also terrible.. Why remove the old realism? Why adopt elements from the Witcher and Dark Souls? Where is your individuality? It would be possible to make the option of viewing arrow, but not control it. And, for example, you can make an interesting angle at which it is visible as the arrow pierces a head through
You can control arrows no way I know what skill I'm choosing
So this is Assassin creed combined with far cry and metal gear.
Assasin's Souls
A demo for PC would be real good....I have some doubts I can't run it smoothly. I saw the System Req. , but still I want feel it with my mouse.....I think you should consider this...
Also delete the damage calculations, this AC not dota's nor fighting game
MGS V +1
No multiplayer?
Assasins call of predator arrow
WTF Arrow !!!?
i am so hyped <3
Dat AI
Far creed primal
Please don't suck.
Guided arrow ? Is it Missile ? Why Ubisoft.
Ку Ку Ёпта
türkçe dil desteğide koyun şu amına kodumun oyununa
Curving an arrow is stupid. Sorry.
Hacer un juego que se parezca lo mejor posible a Egipto, que se vea muy real y luego le meten flechas que se controlan con control remoto. Claro que sí. 🙄 bien de época.
Hidden blade only playthrough\n 😉👌
Cool
Worst sideburns i have ever seen.
Can't wait to see how unfinished this game is when they release it. Broken animations, robotic movement, terrible combat, no social stealth, blending into crowds?\n\nWhat ever happened to Hiding in plain sight?
I just wander if you can make the arrow fly in circle forever.LOL
I hope that their is no downgrade. Because almost every Ubisoft game is downgrade
So a homing arrow is too much but a Pope with an energy manipulation staff, a Master Assassin who can make 20 of himself with a magic ball, an alien super civilization and an eternal reincarnating mad sage are totally fine????.... Go pound wet dirt with your unrealistic arrow comments guys
Controlable arrows? Wtf???
Seriously? Still no cover Animations in a stealth game. \n\nAnd after assassination kills the Nov just falls straight through Bayek?\n\nSoft cover in this game looks like you crouch down staring straight into a wall. Look at the last of us if you want a good example of soft cover. Even did it fairly well in Syndicate. Why is it gone???
I don't see why people are hating on the predator bow. On every assassin creed game after you kill a guy it's like time freezes while you have a whole dialogue with each other. Can't question logic now
Once again trey .... yu make sense  to bad  others can’t see it
You are the best! Thanks for keeping it real.
Amazing video. Brutal takedown of all the usual right wing talking points.
This is what you do about it.\nThat whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
To make it difficult for 1 guy to shoot a hundred people, arm at least 1 of those hundred people.
The answer: NOTHING. They will NEVER give up their guns. Not because they want to use them to protect the things they love, but because their guns ARE the things they love. They would rather see their whole families gut-shot and forced to bleed out in front of them then give up a single one of their stinking guns.
Hey, Trae: Don’t give up hope, babe. Your efforts are reaching people, even if the evidence is hid from you.
If you people can't see thru the agenda of the establishment, there is something wrong with you. Of course they are going to put the focus on the NRA and conservatives. Let's take a look at current things going on. 1. Censorship. Has anyone else noticed what is happening on social media? This shooting amped it up and they are no longer hiding it. Watch the oversight committee question the FBI several months ago about facial recognizition. Yes, keep posting those selfies. They also have big plans with their police body cams. It wasn't republicans who agrees with these plans. Democrats thought all this censoring and tracking is a great idea considering Russia puts so much so called fake info out there. 2. Gun control. If you guys think these shootings are what we are told they are, your so naive. What do you think will happen once another shooting happens after bump stocks are banned? They will keep taking more and more. Nancy Pelosi actually admitted that just this week. Ever wonder why all the liberal media is saying common sense gun control ? Research it. Wake up people. Quit focusing on what they want you to. My friend has worked for the goverment for 20 years. He told me some things that scared the crap out of me. What they are doing with our info, pics, and videos is wrong.
Using Trumps logic, Europe should now ban all white American males from entering.
There is one thing I agree with Trae on.  The Morning After Pill.  Too bad the pill wasn't available in the trailer park vending machines the night his drug addict mother got pregnant with him turning tricks for truckers.  Then I wouldn't have to listen to his fake redneck bullshit.
Sure! We can try, Trae. What do you propose? Background checks? Paddock passed a couple dozen. Even the California background check, which is tougher than the one in Nevada or anywhere in the South. Heck, good ol' boys like Jared Loughner, James Holmes passed background checks, as did a number of other mass shooters. Holmes passed several background checks, as a matter of fact.\n\nHow 'bout a ban on assault weapons even if they aren't really assault weapons at all. They sure do look evil don't they? Well, we tried that and it didn't work. After ten years, the FBI up in Washington, D.C. said that it didn't make a significant difference in crime. Maybe that's because knives and things like baseball bats, tire irons and such are used in more murders than every type of rifle there is. Damn! Even bare hands are used more often than rifles. Or shotguns, for that matter.\n\nOh, and by the way, there are about 20 million military-style rifles owned by Americans. You know how many have been used in these mass shootings since 1999? 27.\n\nAbout that no civilian use thing: tell that to a javelina hunter or a farmer who's tired of feral pigs tearing up his crops or or the rancher dealing with coyotes or groundhogs that dig holes in his pastures that cows can walk into and break their legs. You might also want to have a word with the hundreds of thousands of people who enjoy competitive sports like Three-Gun.\n\nAnd those high-capacity magazines (you know us gun guys don't call them clips, right?)? Ain't a criminal in the world smart enough to take a spare or two, right? Old Elliot Rodger outfoxed them dudes in California though. He passed three background checks and bought himself three genuine, California-approved pistols with restricted-capacity magazines and drove his BMW around Isla Vista just havin' a high old time. I recall one of the victim's deads tearfully pleading for new gun laws. Kinda funny, though. the guy's dad was a criminal attorney and didn't know that every law he was begging for was already in effect in California. Imagine that!\n\nSure, we can try, Trae. But how about we face up to the fact that gun violence accounts for only about 4.7% of violent deaths and injuries requiring medical treatment?  How about we admit that several of these killers were inspired by other killers, beginning with Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, who shot up Columbine High School when it turned out their homemade bombs didn't work? And what if we admit that there isn't a common thread running through these killer that might give us a clue as to what makes them go crazy with guns or bombs or cars?\n\nHow about we quit getting all of our information from the talking heads on the news or politicians peddling snake oil? Perhaps comedians, actors and other celebrities aren't really knowledgeable about this issue and are mostly parroting the stuff the sound bites or Tweets has given them.\n\nHow about we try coming at this with no preconceived notions or agendas from either side? Maybe even with fresh eyes and open minds.\n\nWe're not going to ban guns because the government, dumb as it is, isn't that stupid. We're not going to repeal the Second Amendment and if you told people just how long it takes to get Amendments ratified, they might think about something else. On the other hand, we don't want to feel like everybody needs to be packin' heat every time they walk out the door. We don't want our teachers to be armed defenders of our children, either.\n\nSo what about it, Trae? Are you up for trying something different? Because there aren't any quick fixes. You don't need a special stock or trigger to bump-fire an AR-15 or AK-47; a rubber band or sticking your finger through a belt loop will work just fine.\n\nBy the way, I'm not a redneck even though I come from five generations of Texans. But I am pretty liberal on most issues, which probably confuses the heck out of the NRA when they call me for another donation.
You called it!!! but don't you always do so...
Good point! Can we also talk about the pharmaceuticals a lot of these shooters have been taking at the time?
I am SO glad my niece in Kentucky showed me your videos! I just read y'all's book, too...way to go! You are, in this video, as on point as ever. Keep on talking, honey, we need to hear what you have to say.\n Love you, a hippie Nana from SC
An unhinged man who had access to a literal arsenal. kinda like the unhinged, ego maniac, man-child in the oval office who has access to the nuclear arsenal.
Amen preach it Trae!   If anyone can convince these right wing gun nuts it’s you.  Something has to change.
New to your channel, subscribed to your podcast the other day. GOTTA do a round 3 with Earl. That dudes got some awesome stories. Even preordered your guy's book. Keep killin it brother! Thx for all u do from Ks!
Did you know that over two thirds of all gun deaths in the United States are suicides?\n\nMentally unstable people don't need guns. They need help.
Trae, Love you man. You continue to speak truth to power and ignorance. \n\nAs a health professional and blood banker i have dealt with my share of gun shot wound patient's.  There is nothing glamorous or patriotic about having guns that are solely designed for murdering people. I wish these right wing gun nuts could see just a few times what people and families really go through after gun violence.  I also want to applaud and pay respect to the first responders and health professionals that took care of all of the Las Vegas victims.  As a blood banker, I know from experience what trying to take care of one gun shot wound victim can be like in the hospital setting. I simply cannot fathom the absolute chaos that occurred last sunday night in vegas.   Please thank your first responders and health care workers... for you know not how many hours days weeks and years they have studied and worked to take care of you in normal times, let alone the hell that was vegas last weekend.\n\nI have no problem with a guy owning a rifle to hunt with or for around the farm.  The rest of the firearms should be forcibly taken.. If guys have small endowments and need a cold steel penis let them join a well regulated militia like the army navy air force or marines.
Blood on their hands? When 's the last time a member of the NRA went on a shooting rampage? Let me help you out...NONE. The NRA is the only group that constantly gets blamed for shit none of their members had any part of.\n\nMEANWHILE...\n\nislamic hate preachers spew their vitriol in the streets of the US both before and after their actual members commit some of the worst atrocities our country has ever seen and YET liberals say, oh well, you can't blame the religion for something a few bad eggs did.\n\nPharmaceutical companies flood America with their poison (much of which is actually more addictive than heroin) killing far more Americans than guns ever have. YET, none of these self-proclaimed liberals make a peep about more regulations on Big Pharma. Why? Because it happens at a trickle and Big Pharma pays enough so that it never makes the nightly news.\n\nMore than 80,000 Americans die each year from alcohol-related causes, YET nothing from liberals about putting more restrictions on alcohol. \n\nReason being...liberals aren't driven by facts, they're driven by emotion. Which makes being a liberal redneck a bigger oxymoron than jumbo shrimp.
Important and resonate message.  Thank you.
Why do democrats want to disarm Americans? The same reason Hitler, Stalin, and Mao did, to murder their enemies, the Christians.
Gun Control is not the Gun Banned ! What is the problem?
The only one that benefits when there is a mass shooting is.\n\nGun Manufacturers
SPEAKING THE FUCKING TRUTH BROTHER
Congratulations on the show getting picked up!
Trae! Love yer stuff, buddy. But I have to take issue with one small thing you said. \nLiteral arsenal. Tell me please, how many weapons does it take to justify the use of the word arsenal? I have about a dozen. Is that an arsenal? My collection is actually paltry compared to some. To me, an arsenal would comprise hundreds of weapons. \n\nI know. This is a petty point compared to the loss of hundreds of lives. But when I hear the news describing any amount of weapons more than a few as an arsenal, it rankles. \n\nLove yer stuff, buddy. Keep it comin'. Oh, by the way, I have thousands of rounds of ammunition too. You need about that much to have a decent beer can shooting party.
Wow. That was pretty intense, love it.
Amen Brother..! Clinton & Obama held office for 16 years.. & not a single gun was confiscated..   still everyone in my State shake in their boots over losing their guns..
There are 30,000 gun related deaths per year by firearms, and this number is not disputed. The U.S. population is 324,059,091 as of June 22, 2016. Do the math: 0.000000925% of the population dies from gun related actions each year. Statistically speaking, this is insignificant! What is never told, however, is a breakdown of those 30,000 deaths, to put them in perspective as compared to other causes of death:\n• 65% of those deaths are by suicide, which would never be prevented by gun laws.\n• 15% are by law enforcement in the line of duty and justified.\n• 17% are through criminal activity, gang and drug related or mentally ill persons – better known as gun violence.\n• 3% are accidental discharge deaths.\nSo technically, gun violence is not 30,000 annually, but drops to 5,100. Still too many? Now lets look at how those deaths spanned across the nation.\n• 762 homicides (9.4%) were in Chicago\n• 344 homicides (6.7%) were in Baltimore\n• 333 homicides (6.5%) were in Detroit\n• 119 homicides (2.3%) were in Washington D.C. (a 54% increase over prior years)\nSo basically, 25% of all gun crime happens in just 4 cities. All 4 of those cities have strict gun laws, so it is not the lack of law that is the root cause.\nThis basically leaves 3,825 for the entire rest of the nation, or about 75 deaths per state. That is an average because some States have much higher rates than others. For example, California had 1,169 and Alabama had 1.\nNow, who has the strictest gun laws by far? California, of course, but understand, it is not guns causing this. It is a crime rate spawned by the number of criminal persons residing in those cities and states. So if all cities and states are not created equal, then there must be something other than the tool causing the gun deaths.\nAre 5,100 deaths per year horrific? How about in comparison to other deaths? All death is sad and especially so when it is in the commission of a crime but that is the nature of crime. Robbery, death, rape, assault are all done by criminals. It is ludicrous to think that criminals will obey laws. That is why they are called criminals.\nBut what about other deaths each year?\n• 40,000+ die from a drug overdose–THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THAT!\n• 36,000 people die per year from the flu, far exceeding the criminal gun deaths.\n• 34,000 people die per year in traffic fatalities(exceeding gun deaths even if you include suicide).\nNow it gets good:\n• 200,000+ people die each year (and growing) from preventable medical errors. You are safer walking in the worst areas of Chicago than you are when you are in a hospital!\n• 710,000 people die per year from heart disease. It’s time to stop the double cheeseburgers! So what is the point? If the liberal loons and the anti-gun movement focused their attention on heart disease, even a 10% decrease in cardiac deaths would save twice the number of lives annually of all gun-related deaths (including suicide, law enforcement, etc.). A 10% reduction in medical errors would be 66% of the total number of gun deaths or 4 times the number of criminal homicides ................ Simple, easily preventable 10% reductions! So you have to ask yourself, in the grand scheme of things, why the focus on guns? It's pretty simple:\nTaking away guns gives control to governments. The founders of this nation knew that regardless of the form of government, those in power may become corrupt and seek to rule as the British did by trying to disarm the populace of the colonies. It is not difficult to understand that a disarmed populace is a controlled populace.\nThus, the second amendment was proudly and boldly included in the U.S. Constitution. It must be preserved at all costs. So the next time someone tries to tell you that gun control is about saving lives, look at these facts and remember these words from Noah Webster: Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed. We now know what they're trying to do
This bro a true OG
Thank you, John Wayne Jr, well it's  how I feel when someone stands up for what is right. Thanks for using your talent and humanity to help all of us. Take care
I'm surprised that bump stocks and drum mags are legal. Literally no reason for either aside from enabling mass shooters. Bump stocks are only used for rifles and the only reason for a civilian to own a rifle is for sport shooting and hunting. Bump stocks are used for full-auto fire which ruins your accuracy. You will not hit a clay target with a bump stock. You will not hit a deer with a bump stock. Unless you're suppressing multiple targets or engaging in close quarters combat (which won't happen outside a war zone), you don't need a bump stock. The odds of America being invaded are next to none. You will never need to use a bump stock.\n\nHigh capacity mags aren't needed either. If you need more than 30 rounds with a rifle, more than 15 shots with a handgun or more than 8 shots with a shotgun, that makes you a terrible shot. There is literally no reason to own a 100 round magazine other than to kill innocent people.
And again you nailed it to a tree. But one question: Why is your t-shirt on wrong side out?
YES! Thank you for this,  gives me hope.
Thank you for being the voice of reason.
Guns kill people, so do food additives, pharmaceuticals, as does many other items, but when the deaths are in your face we ignore all but guns. Yeah lets ignore the chemical genocide perpetrated by people like Monsanto, and cause shit for the anomaly.
The GOP is constantly yapping about being ProLife.  Yet the legislation they support, write & pass is anything but.  From denying climate change, to H.J.R 69, to Healthcare, to trying to rid The Clean Water Rule, The Migratory Bird Treaty Act, The Antiquities Act,  to DACA, to lead bullets, to this horse manure & etc., etc., etc. .....................defecating where we eat, is okay, as long as a GIANT corporation is making a buck.
consider this ...the extreme death toll in the civil war went out of expected proportion for one reason...no one understood the kills per minute the new models of cartridge amo could produce....same with any mass attack....if guns don't kill but loonies do, then remove the automatic weapons and let the looney go find a rock or a stick and see how much damage he or she can do in nine minutes at close range.....Australia has it right...that crowd of criminal's kids are some of the best fighters in the world and know when silly turns into stupid...just sayin'.
So, what's your solution?  SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED.
There are 30,000 gun related deaths per year by firearms, and this number is not disputed. The U.S. population is 324,059,091 as of June 22, 2016. Do the math: 000.000925% of the population dies from gun related actions each year. Statistically speaking, this is insignificant! What is never told, however, is a breakdown of those 30,000 deaths, to put them in perspective as compared to other causes of death:\n• 65% of those deaths are by suicide, which would never be prevented by gun laws.\n• 15% are by law enforcement in the line of duty and justified.\n• 17% are through criminal activity, gang and drug related or mentally ill persons – better known as gun violence.\n• 3% are accidental discharge deaths.\nSo technically, gun violence is not 30,000 annually, but drops to 5,100. Still too many? Now lets look at how those deaths spanned across the nation.\n• 480 homicides (9.4%) were in Chicago\n• 344 homicides (6.7%) were in Baltimore\n• 333 homicides (6.5%) were in Detroit\n• 119 homicides (2.3%) were in Washington D.C. (a 54% increase over prior years)\nSo basically, 25% of all gun crime happens in just 4 cities. All 4 of those cities have strict gun laws, so it is not the lack of law that is the root cause.\nThis basically leaves 3,825 for the entire rest of the nation, or about 75 deaths per state. That is an average because some States have much higher rates than others. For example, California had 1,169 and Alabama had 1.\nNow, who has the strictest gun laws by far? California, of course, but understand, it is not guns causing this. It is a crime rate spawned by the number of criminal persons residing in those cities and states. So if all cities and states are not created equal, then there must be something other than the tool causing the gun deaths.\nAre 5,100 deaths per year horrific? How about in comparison to other deaths? All death is sad and especially so when it is in the commission of a crime but that is the nature of crime. Robbery, death, rape, assault are all done by criminals. It is ludicrous to think that criminals will obey laws. That is why they are called criminals.\nBut what about other deaths each year?\n• 40,000+ die from a drug overdose–THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THAT!\n• 36,000 people die per year from the flu, far exceeding the criminal gun deaths.\n• 34,000 people die per year in traffic fatalities(exceeding gun deaths even if you include suicide).\nNow it gets good:\n• 200,000+ people die each year (and growing) from preventable medical errors. You are safer walking in the worst areas of Chicago than you are when you are in a hospital!\n• 710,000 people die per year from heart disease. It’s time to stop the double cheeseburgers! So what is the point? If the liberal loons and the anti-gun movement focused their attention on heart disease, even a 10% decrease in cardiac deaths would save twice the number of lives annually of all gun-related deaths (including suicide, law enforcement, etc.). A 10% reduction in medical errors would be 66% of the total number of gun deaths or 4 times the number of criminal homicides ................ Simple, easily preventable 10% reductions! So you have to ask yourself, in the grand scheme of things, why the focus on guns? It's pretty simple:\n\nTaking away guns gives control to governments. The founders of this nation knew that regardless of the form of government, those in power may become corrupt and seek to rule as the British did by trying to disarm the populace of the colonies. It is not difficult to understand that a disarmed populace is a controlled populace.\nThus, the second amendment was proudly and boldly included in the U.S. Constitution. It must be preserved at all costs. So the next time someone tries to tell you that gun control is about saving lives, look at these facts and remember these words from Noah Webster: Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed.\n\nAnd also....In 1933, the ultimate extremist group, the National Socialist Party that's the actual name of the Nazi party led by Adolf Hitler, seized power and used the records to identify, disarm, and attack political opponents and Jews. Constitutional rights were suspended, and mass searches for and seizures of guns and dissident publications ensued. Police revoked gun licenses of Social Democrats and others who were not “politically reliable.”
Thank you, thank you, thank you Trae. I've tried to reason with people al week and it's exhausting an painful. So reassuring to hear someone mirror the same commonsense logic we know.\nSadly even liberals are giving up, even when they could be the next victim.\nIm not American. I'm from NewZealand. When I was eleven this guy went berzerko and dispatched 16 people. I wa lucky, as a kid it was pivitol. When kids think How can people do that to people? The grown ups FUCKING MUST deliver for those kids that they have the right to a world without mass murders.\nThen we just bit down on the belt and cut off the gangrenous limb. It was strightforward and done in under 6 months. Common sense Gun Control. A gov buyback and amnesty got rid of all the now illegal guns. Hunters could still get license for rifles and shotty's. Farmers all still have'em. But the licenses mean business and they're not to be fucked with. No BS joytoys aloud but. No pistols no semis or full autos.\nThat was33 years ago, we haven't had a triple gundeath since.
I cant wait for your bump fire ban video so i can make u look like more of a  fake redneck fucking idiot where's your heart felt message when 102 where shot on a 4th of July in Chicago yea wasn't a white shooter watch 1st 48 if u want to know where most violent gun crimes come from look at my NFL protest video I just went and got a brand-new jersey do to the fact I didn't own one everything about you is fake u can only pass this of on sheep libtards that can't think for theme selves I know you were sure as shit safe because you wouldn't be any where near a country concert
I think you're HILARIOUS !!  It is TRUE that 74% of Domestic Terrorists are WHITE MEN.  Check Google.
Amen, little brother. When a nutjob shoots some congressmen, will THAT be the right time to talk about it?
From Australia.wonderfully said my friend.
90+ people die from gun viloence *every day* in the US. More than 200 are injured.\n\nIn California, in order to drive a car, you must spend 25 hours of classroom time and six hours behind the wheel with an instructor. Then you must get a learner's permit and are required to have an adult licensed driver over the age of 25 with you whenever you're behind the wheel. After that, you must take a written test and flawlessly pass a practical test before you are legally allowed to drive on your own. You are also required to carry liability insurance for each passenger vehicle you own.\n\nIn 36 US states, there are no legal requirements for gun registration, no permit needed, no license necessary to purchase and own a firearm, and nothing compelling owners to carry liability insurance.
It's insanity every responsible gun owner I know already hates when morons get a hold of guns why can't we come to the table on this
You just expressed exactly how I feel.
Holy shit did you really get the go on an ABC show?! Yay!!! I hope it's true. Can't fucking wait!
From the Department of Homeland Security website: The number of Americans killed in acts of terrorism – both on U.S. soil and abroad — between 2001 and 2014 is 3,412 (including the victims of the 9/11 attacks). During the same period, 440,095 people died by firearms on U.S. soil (homicides, accidents, and suicides). In 2014, for every one American killed by an act of terrorism in the United States or abroad, 1,049 Americans died in the United States because of guns. http://www.homelandsecuritynewswire.com/dr20161005-comparing-u-s-deaths-from-terrorism-vs-gun-violence
I love you, Yeah, this IS the time to talk about it. Like Naomi Klein said, the ONLY time they want to talk about any issue is when nobody's listening.
Shooter was also a liberal. He specifically targeted conservatives at that concert.
They don't miss a beat to make it political when its a person of color or a Muslim as the perp.
This guy's a fellow liberal but a redneck and understands his people far better than me. Perhaps I'm more well spoken and college educated, but this man is profoundly smarter than me in several areas that I'm not remotely well versed on like he is. \n\nI love guns, when I go gun shopping what do I look for? I play a lot of L4D2. So I look for guns that I'd want in a zombie apocalypse. The next gun I have my sights set on is an RPK, with a 200 round belt belt fed magazine, and a bump-fire stock or a trigger hand crank. A bipod, a foregrip, and a scope, and a flash suppressor so the zombies can't see from which direction I'm firing from. I can have all this for less than $2,000.\n\nBut even as a lover of these weapons, I do find it somewhat absurd that any jackass off the street can get one of these, no questions asked.
You are trying and I appreciate that. Thank you.
As a card carrying, hippy, commie, pinko who doesn't own a gun I couldn't agree with you more. In order to get my card I've had to wear a beard for 30 years. Always hard finding a good pair of scissors to occasionally trim with. Right next to my Kroger's is a salon supply store. They have REAL nice scissors. But you have to have a beauticians certificate to buy scissors at a salon supply. But I can go to one of the many pawn shops near my Kroger and buy an assault rifle or seven with my driver's license! Nope, nothing wrong here.
If a bunch of toddlers torn apart by gunfire didn't do the trick nothing will. Y'all are doomed to relive this nightmare over and over again.\nWith every new incident the chance of somebody you love being among the dead increases.\nFrom Holland, with love I wish for all the sane ones among you to be spared.
I just found you, via a thread on FB. Awesome stuff. I have a question and request...because I can see how you resonate well, could you do some over your more poignant pieces (guns, kneeling, etc.) in a cleaner version? Personally, I don't care, but I do think there are folks in my circle that would miss the message because they'd focus on the vulgar language (convenient, and true). Just a thought...you make such valid points
I have an idea for a starting point: how bout we start at the top? When we can demilitarize the police, and stop our military from illegaly invading every country with their highly- advanced weaponry, then we can start talking about regulating the weaponry of the citizenry. Until then, it's ass backwards to talk about limiting the citizenry. Should the police and military be more heavily armed than those they supposedly serve? I have asked so many people about the global evidence: how many of those countries which have disarmed their people have standing armies and militarized police? Nobody has been able to answer this. \nAnd, yeah, this shit stinks to high heaven, white, black, purple, green, i don't give a rat's ass...\nI also don't believe a bunch of brown people highjacked some planes with box-cutters, and flew them into buildings unassisted, knocking down 3 towers with 2 planes and yada yada yada; but everyone just emotionally reacts, understandably, and starts talking about we need our heavily armed, aggressive, invading government to regulate our choices. \nIt's topsy-turvy, yo
GOP Senators Ready to Examine Limits on Altering Semiautomatics - Bloomberg\nhttps://apple.news/AsLg6kZFYQ_WW9YAFOnvfCQ \n\nJust a little Binger to brighten your day.
Dear Americans.\nWhen you visit Europe, do you feel unsafe on the streets? Do you feel you must carry a gun for your own protection?\nNo?\nWhy is that?\nCould it be, that, because no one (NO ONE) in Europe walks around armed to the teeth? (It's illegal to carry as much as a knife in most countries) In some countries (UK for one) when you walk up to a police officer on the street, chances are they do NOT carry a gun. (They do carry tasers, so don't mess with them)\nUnless you go to some very shady areas, chances are you are 100% safe from the general population. \nAnd, frankly, I would like to point out, I've visited the US many times over the years. I've never felt the need to carry a gun, or any other weapon. Anywhere.\nSo don't give me this BS that you need a gun for your own protection. You don't. No one does. And if you do, then you better be in the Armed Services, because THAT is what your second amendment refers to. Not Joe Public on the street.\n(And btw -- most Europeans think the Americans are complete nutters when it comes to guns. It doesn't do you any favors.)
Trae is awesome as usual, but unfortunately most RNs where I'm from won't listen to him. Great guy!
well what would you consider a practical solution that doesn't involve screwing over the rights of millions upon millions of American citizens?
If people are hung up on armed citizenry/militia to stop 'tyrannical government', an argument that doesn't hold any water in modern warfare, civilians can not win against the military even with comparable weapons because training matters more then weaponry.  200 years ago 'training' consisted of pointing a gun in the direction of the enemy and being ballsy enough to not run away when the other side started shooting.  In other words it was not about skill so our revolutionary era minute men could fight without be utterly massacred by the Red coats.  Try that today and you get Syria.\n\nEurope is noted for having virtually no guns but their is an exception,  Switzerland.  They have UNIVERSAL militia memberships, everyone is ISSUED a gun and trained yet they don't have mass shootings because gun ownership is treated as a civil responsibility, recreational shooting is also popular in Switzerland but no one considers that a right.  Anyone serious about militia's for purposes of national defense and civil liberties would be all over the Swiss model, but no one in the Republican party is interested.
Thank you Trae, for NOT making this video about laughs and righteous indignation.  How many more horrific events have to occur before we engage in honest discussion about keeping our families safe?  I ADORE your rants and laugh my a$$ off every time I watch but the death and injury of 500+ people warrants a sincere approach.  Well done.
Watching this from Germany, and couldn't agree more with what you're saying. Thank you for making a point here, particularly with your personal background. We need more people like this standing up for the cause.\n\nOh and btw: I'm not saying that German gun laws are perfect, but at least we have some mechanisms in place that make it considerably harder for anybody to obtain firearms in the first place.
Background checks for Bump Stock devices would be a good start.
Mmmmmm mmmm you are way too clear in your mind and way too objective with your views on what the truth is about this topic. You are a libtard fella!  Just like me!  I have been thinking that someone should try to start a reaction to this shooting that could put pressure on American business to move against this insanity by forming an organization to support the prevention of anyone entering their premises with a gun. Put up detection and screen the people entering your store, theatre, or any private property that can make their own rules. Once enough business has joined it will finally bring some competition into the market place to provide safety for customers!  Tourism industry should also be a part of it!  I am pretty sure international travelers are going to be affected by this because there are a lot of them in LV. Remember when the MGM fire happened?  There was just a little movement to encourage installation of sprinklers for safety in hotels. It turned out that so many organizations threatened businesses with only placing their conventions in safe locations that almost every major hotel made the change. And that is a lot bigger investment than some scanners at entrances and a few sign, maybe in some instances even a security guard to stop anyone who sets off the alarm. Hell, the business could even threaten the offender with civil action and have the offenders pay for the cost. \n\nWhat do you think?  Why don't you use the idea in your show and on your channel!  As I have said before you are a breath of fresh air and I would like to see you become a major influence for better things for Americans!  Hell, you could have a way better America First policy than the Donald!  And I mean it. Plus he doesn't even rate in the excitement of young chicks department!
I'm in the extremely unusual (on the Internet, at least) position of being a dedicated, dyed-in-the-wool gun nut who HATES most Republican/rightist stances.  I consider myself a centrist/progressive and normally Trae here is my *man* ...but in this one instance I feel a desire to voice...not so much *objection* as conscientious counterpoint?\n\nPassing laws will not stop criminals from obtaining guns illegally, because criminals are people who do illegal things.  People have the strange notion that Cracking Down on Guns, making it incredibly difficult or even impossible to get guns, will stop gun crime in this country.  There are a number of reasons why this stance is flawed, and why I feel like blaming the guns for these shootings is missing the point.\n\n1.) there are already a banananillion guns in the U.S..  We don't need to be able to buy *new* ones in order for there to be plenty of firepower around for people to do each other in with.  Other countries can get away with no, our citizens will not ever be armed because they were never armed in the first place.  This country?  Not so much.\n\n2.) Firearms manufacturers have been making it a point to end-run firearms control laws since firearms control laws have been a thing.  Create a newer, stricter set of legal standards to define 'Assault Weapon', and firearms manufacturers can, will, and *do* figure out how to kajigger a new firearm such that it doesn't legally qualify as an assault weapon under those laws.  Whatever method is left for people to purchase Regular Sporting Guns with, firearms manufacturers will find ways to make those guns as close as possible to being the things people actually want to buy.  because that's how you make money as a firearms manufacturer - you make guns that people want to buy.\n\nMost importantly, 3.) The Vegas shooter's *guns* did not decide to kill dozens of people and injure hundreds more.  The Vegas shooter did.  As Trae himself pointed out, this is concrete evidence that the man was deranged.  And yet, rather than seeking to improve upon this country's *disgusting* infrastructure and methodology for finding, helping, or even restraining if no other choice is left to them, people with mental instability and other issues...folks want to lock up all the guns and tell perfectly healthy law-abiding citizens like myself who simply happen to enjoy shooting sports as a hobby that we're *all* deranged psychopaths who need our guns taken away and for all the other guns in the country to be melted down into commemorative spoons.\n\nControlling guns does not stop violent people from doing violent things.  Could gun laws in this country use revision?  Oh my GAWD yes; not only are they ineffective for the purposes that terrified/furious anti-gun citizens are asking of them, they're a confusing contradictory *mess* that's almost impossible to keep fully straight.  They've needed rewriting for decades.  But we shouldn't be talking about getting rid of them or making them impossible to own without jumping through hoops so high and on-fire that no one bothers.  Gun ownership is indeed part of American culture, one of the things that makes us *us*.  \n\nCan we do better?  Absolutely.  But I never shot anyone or anything that wasn't a target on a range post.  I don't hunt, I don't carry, I don't actually support the NRA despite my deep enjoyment of the hobby because those guys are just...no.  I'm a regular, sane, everyday Trae fan who can't figure out why Trump hasn't been impeached yet, has no idea why people can't get over their gender issues, and who just also happens to be into hobby shooting.\n\nWhy should I suffer, lose access to my favorite outdoor hobby, and suffer the same condemnation and scorn as a deranged criminal whose actions I detest and condemn as much as every one of you?
Thank you for always straight shooting it and not coloring over anything....
Keep up the good work Trae.
With you all the way, Trey. Keep proving all of us Southerners aren't all alike. We're not all GOP Trump/tea party supporters. Some of us believe in gun control. Some of us aren't racist. Thanks!
It's only important to ban guns when white people die. Black lives don't matter.
Just saying, but criminals kind of don't follow laws...
Go far enough left you get your guns back.  Do you really want to disarm the left when Trump sits in 1600 Pennsylvania Ave?
I like your comments. However, I have a suggestion for you to consider. Record a monologue without vulgarity.
Why is your shirt inside out Trae? Love you Trae!
So refreshing to hear someone with a southern redneck accent and a background with guns say it like this. Thank you.
Amen.  Nice to see someone with common sense.  New subscriber.  Fact is both sides need compromise.  10 round clips and one gun a month.  Whats out there already stays out there.  The ATF needs to bury manufactures of these automatic conversion add ons.  You want 30 round clips and full auto, sign up and serve in the military.
I love this! I posted a rant on FB that says a lot of these same things. Thank you.
What I find so disturbing about pushback against common sense steps to control access to guns by those unfit to do so is the total lack of empathy on the part of those unwilling to compromise. I'd imagine that any 2nd Amendment advocate who lost a child, sister, mother, father or other loved one in Las Vegas would have a hard time arguing against closing the loophole in gunshow sales, internet sales and person to person sales today. Would have a hard time arguing against the outlaw of devices like the bumpstock or trigger crank, disallowing the sale of drum magazines or extended magazines. These are just common sense steps against items that should never have been allowed in the public domain in the first place. But until these people suffer through a tragedy like that in Las Vegas, Orlando, Virginia Tech or San Bernadino, they can't even begin to have a little empathy for their fellow human being and say, how would I REALLY feel if that happened to me or someone I loved. It can't alway be about ourselves and what we feel is best for us as individuals but needs to be about what is best for us as a nation and human beings. Great video, new subscriber here.
You make some great points and relate enough to start a conversation, I do disagree though ..only because it's not that the government won't tyrannically take over now it could happen years from now a century from now .. and it might not even be the government but an overthrowing of a country or a civil war of sorts or a revolutionary war ...but yes something has to be done !
Satan has been cast down to earth.  Greed and lust have always been with us, but what we are seeing right now is about impossible to explain any other way.  All the gun control in the world, and the cops still have guns.  This man could have easily qualified to become a police officer, had he set out to do so at some point earlier.  And he is not deranged.  This was planned years in advance.  He committed himself to serve Satan early on, and he did exactly that until the very end.
Nothing will change. It will be thoughts and prayers everybody will look appropriately solemn for 10 minutes, then screw that back to normal.
It's more attitude than anything.  Take, for example, when your grandfather was young.  Guns were not glorified nor was violence, most people hunted, even city folk.  This is the difference of today when most don't actually know how to handle firearms safely nor are the people who commit such tragedies getting the mental health care they need to prevent an horrid crime such as the Vegas Shooting.  That is where the line should be drawn.  Gun control just slaps and band aide on the symptom and does not address the underlying disease.  That and manufacturers should stop producing such overly powered firearms to begin with, if they didn't exist, they wouldn't get used.
Man if only we pass the right policy people won't murder people any more. You're retarded dude. What exactly are we going to do that'll stop it? Yeah lets #stophate because it's completely feasible to legislate away the human condition.
You hit the nail on the head! \nCant get any more obvious that we have a huge problem with not only guns but racism, being bias, and simply covering up the truth. Unless  and until we admit there's a problem we won't ever be able to fix the problem. We must start with... Hello, I'm American and if you have one drop, I'm not gonna like you...
Thank you!
Thank you, Trae Crowder. It's fair!
Yesssss! Well said!!!!!
Preach it brother man!!!
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63b_1507062726
Thank you!
Bravo, sir!  Well said.
my h sticks
Amen
Thanks
We love you, Trae!
Alright I'm definitely pro gun. The problem is criminals don't follow the law. There going to do what they intend to do no matter the tools they have to do it. In my opinion it's just as easy to go buy a vehicle or make a bomb as it is to buy a gun. In the case of the Vegas guy he was extremely wealthy and could have easily obtained the same fire power through illegal means. I understand the want for more regulations but then there's 3rd party sales. Even if everyone had to go through an ffl dealer for 3rd party sales what about all the ones before the new rules. It would limit the market to guns pretty new laws but it's pretty easy to make a fake bill of sale. And a full ban isnt economicly viable. Millions of jobs lost and not to mention the amount of money tied up in the weapons industry. Who's going to cover that bill? Either way it's not a gun problem it's a people problem and I don't think there's really much that can be done untill people evolve past petty hate.
ANYONE NOTICE THEY SHUT ALL LIGHTS OF THEN TURNED ON THE BIG SPIT LIGHTS? Now they all are sitting ducks in a big pond!
they don't call it SIN CITY for nuthin
Why were the stage lights were turned off and then the flood lights came on, illuminating the audience.?
Jason,your fans deserved a heads up that something wasnt right.
Funny how the people that love guns arguing about the second amendment until they are shot with one.,ban all guns, mr daturday night special aint good for no one.
This is Pitiful ,sickening,Devasting an senseless.But i bwt anything this guy is a fall guy just like Lee Harvey Oswald was for JFK.. we cannot trust our government nor the FBI they are doing everything to depopulate our country through our Foods chemtrails cell phone towers..our water etc.. this world is no longer even fit to live in. My heart aches for these families and these people who experience this life changing ordeal. Life will never be the same for them.. my thoughts and prayers are for all of you.
Aldean runs off stage not warning people then goes on SNL and acts like he is some kind of hero. Sad!
Don't watch EVIL or glorify it's actions or magnify it's message \nhttps://youtu.be/y6SS6f3upHs
Continued Prayers for all effected by this horrible tradgedy 😓. And all the families and friends of those who lost their lives.
Nothing happened, youre full of shit just trying to make money on a hoaxed spectacle!
Disgusted that he just ran off! Didn't even have the decency to warn his fans
Turning those lights on didn't help no one.
Would have been nice if Jason had at least hollered run
What song was he singing
THIS IS NOT A GUN CONTROL ISSUE... GOOD PEOPLE WITH GUNS DON'T DO THINGS LIKE THIS.. ONLY EVIL PEOPLE DO! THE ONLY WAY TO STOP A BAD PERSON WITH A GUN IS A GOOD PERSON WITH A GUN.
Is it just me or does it seem since the terror attacks of September 11th that attacks have grown at a fast pace?\n\nEither way, we can't deny the fact that evil is in the jetstream and can land anywhere at anytime.
This world is becoming such a scary place to live in its disgusting. I hope whoever did this rots in hell, hoping everyone has a speedy recovery❤️ and rest in peace to all those innocent victims out there❤️ fly high
Make the laws exactly like singapores and no crime eill happen ! Praying for victims and the families
Isn't this dude the shooter of the columbine school?  Woah, he looks so old now
It was probably too loud.
Im repeating this because I didn't even get one reply.How could this Jason dude ever face anyone after deserting his fans in the way he did. He did not even say ONE WORD let me repeat myself not even ONE WORD to the bewildered crowd.How could he leave his fans for dead?How many paid good money to come and see him and look what they got in return.His fans needed him to say at least something,but got nothing.SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!
Everyone complaining about the performer running off stage, is he not allowed to protect himself? Shots were going off like crazy and he's in the damn spotlight! Was be supposed to stand there in order to warn fans about something he has absolutely no clue about or what was going on and pretty much ask to die in the process???\nWas he supposed to somehow save thousands of people from something he had no fucking control over?
This is the scariest thing I have ever heard, the concert goers are going to have severe trauma even if they were not physically injured.
Hotel high rises should have airport security type baggage scanners to screen whatever bags get taken upstairs and make people secure any firearms in the hotel arms room while they're guests especially in casinos where somebody might get a bit upset losing their money gambling.  That's the only thing I can see that could have possibly stopped this from happening.
This makes me want to cry I’m sad and devastated
It was at the Mandalay hotel not Whiskey
One thing I noticed right away when the videos started popping up.  Why did they decide to illuminate the entire crowd with the floodlights making them easier targets as the shooting started.  The crowd was pretty dark until that point.
JASON IS A BITCH FOR THE COMPANY!!!!
The gunshots sound remind me of the Paris nightclub.  You can hear the terror in the victims voices.
Very sad and unfortunate but I can't say I'm surprised about a culture, people, and society that worship guns and violence. There are probably hundreds of thousands of normal white guys just like him out there lurking. How many white guys named Joe Schmoo are in America? Yeah. Millions. How many of them have guns? Millions. Apparently he wasn't even one of the assholes. Suck on that for awhile. What did you expect? This is 'Merica. How ironic that it happened in SIN CITY as well. The sad reality is that the chickens came home to roost. This is the new normal. Get used to it or move to the middle of nowhere and live in a cave somewhere.
How did you get 2000 ppl to like this when there's nothing here?
This is not part of the show.  People, seek shelter.  KILL the lights.   How long does it take to say that?
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” MLK \nJason “Bolt” Aldena wiithout so much as a word to the ~22,K fans standing there not knowing what is going on and being shot down. He had loudspeakers and the attention of the concertgoers, he could have and should have crew to kill the lights, we need first responders, stay calm and move to the exits, take cover, say something - say anything. He said nothing and ran. \n58 perished, 489 people injured. Prayers to the families who've lost loved ones'.
Every shot you hear is a life changed forever. Sickening to watch.
This video shows nothing, you can hear.
I can't help but wonder how much of a difference it would have made in the shooters' ability to aim at and hit the crowd if the stage lights were not shining upon the crowd during the second volley of fire. \n\nIn this video (https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=c96_1507108754), they finally turned the lights off - several minutes after the shooting stopped. As the guy filming the video states, that just made it more difficult for the EMTs to find and help the wounded.
Jason Aldean is a coward, knew what was going to happen and bolted. \n\nEnjoy the media and government lying to you. It was the fbi+cia+mossad that did this. Prepare to be subjugated by the jew world order.
NOTICED!! His last words of the song was no show  and he ran off after stage.  #illuminati 🎰🏟🏰🎆🌃📺💵🔨🚷
Cant blame him for not stopping immediately, lot of people thought it was fireworks at first...
That ain't no Goddamn 'bump fire'. That is belt fed Army shit.
Im kind of mad at how the country singer on stage runs off to seek shelter like a scared child. Leaving fans thinking WTF. Just my opinion if anybody feels the same speak out.
How could you even play his music now? You saw how his  beta ass ran off stage. I'll smack the shit outta him if I ever saw  that chicken Shit bastard
Our world is so messed up
makes me not want to go to concerts.
What is so unsettling is this\n     These homeland attacks are going to keep happening. The media, certain politicians, and a select few branches of government are responsible for the poisoning of our minds, and the taking of our financial security are just two of the things that are pivitol in the breakdown of the shooters state of mental health. I am NOT WARRANTING what happened, however unless ALL OF US don't stop being hateful , and getting involved on a municipal level attacks like this are going to keep happening. To me this was just a small version of 9-11. ALL SECURITY MEASURES ON A PRESIDENTIAL LEVEL SHOULD BE TREATED AS IF THE PRESIDENT IS STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU. ANY PLACE WHERE A LARGE NUMBER OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE PRESENT , THERE SHOULD BE A PRESIDENTIAL LEVEL OF SECURITY..... IN 2004 when Dimebag Darrell Abbott was killed on stage in Columbus, Ohio during a concert should have prevented any security fails such as this
What a sick world we live in.😞
#💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕   #💕💕💕💕   #💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕      #💕💕💕💕   #💕💕💕💕\nJesus Christ is the only way to heaven! He died and arose from the dead to give us eternal life.
Im glad i live in a gun-controlled country... Its so safe and peaceful here..
This is absolutely disgusting what happened, now if he was a Muslim the first thing would have been ‘terrorist’ but this guy is a ‘lonewolf’ and ‘disturbed’.
What song is that
So they turn on the floodlights so the shooters can see who to shoot! Wake up people ! there are three or more shooters!
Why would anyone like this video
Hey Guys! This Is Great! I Got 𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕖 ℕ𝔼𝕋𝔽𝕃𝕀𝕏 $𝟝𝟘𝟘 𝔾𝕚𝕗𝕥 ℂ𝕒𝕣𝕕 Here – >  #Likefreecardsgetitnow
Johhny Cash on stage:  Shoot at me Devil! I'm the man in Black!
Not a terorist eh? I wonder why ?
Call it for what it is Terrorism
He runs off stage like a little bitch! He doesn't even warn the crowd! THEN they turn all the lights on the auduence! What? So the killerS can see their targets? WTF???????
I think Islam is behind this.
The sad thing is I didn't even feel shocked hearing the gunfire.
I hope that guy suffers for all eternity, to take a life is to sin.. to take that many lives.. fucking coward
This is what World War Three looks like.
Hmmm Are we already in Hell?
Time just ended a video of a mass shooting telling me to sub? Holy shit
Sounds like the OTrauma and The Dump Administration are not doing anything on those Gun Laws!
the panic in their voices...
Hey everyone don't get mind tricked by the elite group they want us to lose
Nanny nanny boo boo!!!
*EVERYONE* who always shooting up places full of innocent people & have commited the biggest massacre in American History? \nA) Muslims\nB) Mexicans\nC) Blacks \nD) Whites\n*No.2 Pencil Only*
if live bullets after 1 min stampede. Crisis actors again.
HEY TIME !! YOU KNOW WHAT'S COMING NEXT -- RIGHT ?? THE VIDEO OF THE 2ND SHOOTER ON THE 4TH FLOOR -- AS CONFIRMED BY THE LVPD DISPATCHER. DON'T EVEN TRY IT -- OK ??
https://youtu.be/4TuEWtXBT_0
m240 belt fed machine gun..... yep
Las Vegas Fakers, Fraud Money Takers!
US pigs must+ie for Syria,Iraq,Serbia,Vietnam,Lybia,Aphganistan,Donbass
THE TING GOES SKRRRRRRA
D
Eva Ccastro
Almost sounds like 2 shooters
Fucking scumbag
He was lip syncing
PLanned event such BS
God bless you
Hate that song
THE TING GO PAT PAT PAT
*road to tactical nuke*
lol
Bet that guy quit hiz job
Thanks God
9
Chills down my spine
So fucking disgusting . These days people can't even go to concerts with their family. They went there for fun and then they get killed , That's so sickening
I don't know much about weaponry, but does that sound like a paintball gun?!
what song is this?
United States of Idiots! How's that second amendment bullshit working out for ya?
What was the song Jason started to sing ?
whats the name of the song
Body armor is gonna gonna be the new fashion
Hotel all over the world need medal detector so people cant bring gun in to a hotel. And we need tuffer gun laws.
what is the name of the song he was performing when the shooting began?
IF YOU WANT MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS SCREAM LOUD IN THE COMMENTS AND HIT LIKE ON THE VIDEO BECAUSE OTHERWISE I LIKELY WON'T I JUST NEED TO KNOW WHAT YOUS ACTUALLY ENJOY WATCHING FOR UPLOADING BETWEEN BIGGER PROJECTS OKEIS? Okeis :) ENJOY! xxx
Personality is definitely a huge reason as to why I subscribe to people. Also, I love this video, Melanie - it's like when you go out with your friends and you all get ready together, it's really nice. ❤️
LOVED THIS!
He's not gonna wanna ride me 😂😂\nMan I miss Ireland 👌🏾
you are such a natural beauty xx
would you ever consider only using cruelty free makeup, not trying to be rude or anything I am just curious :) love your videos
When you pushed the jenga over you reminded me of a bitchy cat. 😂😂
14:23 the girl from Lady Like on buzzfeed giving you the side eye lmao
I literally subscribed to Melanie because of her personality. 😂😂
I follow people based on their personality, especially if they're fun and jokey. A great example of this is britneyandbaby like I'm not a parent or anything but she's a hilarious and very real person who I enjoy watching and her kids are sooo adorable as well!
Would love to spend a day in your life with you :P Love from France XOXO
I definitely watch youtubers for their personality. Id watch whatever you make lol
I follow people for either their quirky personality (Lost Pause, Brittany Lee Saunders) or their intellectual heaviness (Sargon of Akkad, Ben Shapiro) and sometimes, just a really beautiful person (oh, what's her name...Melanie something...)
I love all the videos you do but I do miss your makeup and skincare stuff. It was what made me start watching you in the first place and what helped me clear my acne. I really enjoy the real news of them and also find them super relaxing. Your spoken word videos are so powerful and my absolute favourite thing you've done.I hope you do a lot more of those too.
i couldnt explain how much happy i am seeing you putting makeup on..<3\nnever stop making them..
I only follow people that I would want to be friends with. I don't know if that's weird
Melanie channel 4 unreported wold is doing an episode about the vote for choice in Ireland!! Watching it now 7.30 Friday night xoxox
me too ! i watch videos for the person and their personality i just like it when they make different videos otherwise its boring the same thing over and over again, i totally agree with you .
LOVED THIS! Congrats again on the award Mel! I was giggling because of the tipsyness that was shown ;P
Another great video! Any chance of the hair brushing video I requested appearing soon?
I watch people for their personalities, I like hearing their perspectives on life and the world. I enjoy some beauty stuff as well but talky and arty videos are my favourite :)
I love your videos and you!! Your short film made me cry!!! 👌🏻❤️
Congrats on the award!! you are amazing xx
I love this video!! I love it.\nAlso, you surprised me in a Dodie video! It made me smile.
SCREAMING FOR MORE LIKE THIS!! <3333
Congratulations!!!!!! So happy you won!! To be honest, I'm from Canada 🇨🇦, and I had no clue abortion was illegal in Ireland until your film! So glad you are bringing more attention to the subject!
Im so proud of you for winning that award for your first short film cause it was bloody brill and such an important topic that needs addressing!!! Xxx
I subscribe to people for their personalities mostly. It almost doesn't matter what type of videos for me. If they draw me in and I find them interesting then I'll sit through whatever content they put out! I really like channels where it's not always the same thing, but you get to see the people being who they are
Your staying in the hotel I stayed in when I was in Canada!!!
It must be legal or its a Pony.\n\nKeith Emerson is the head of British MET police.\nHis family are also underground prison gangs.\nThey are the National Front and run British police.\nKeith head of all that had a g/f when he was 14 with Katie Green a southern Irish that workd with Davidsons owners of McDonalds.\nKetih and Katie were in love and had a relationship.\nKatie this wasnt her first time.\nWhen she was 12 Katie had a sexual realtionship with another person.\nAnd this was her first time she was 12.\nThe she went out with the head of the British police when he was 14.\nI grew up with them. \nHead of Brtish police Keith, Jai and Dallas are close friends and work together in the National Front.\nThey've been working with the band Madness since they started and their songs are about other people and calling them paedophiles for relationships at 14 and 15.  They are working in a homosexual paedohile group that anal rims little boys uses MK Ultra torture techniques since I was very young and their involved closely with the police and their heads.\nThe British police are purposely inprisoning millions of people for sex with under age girls when they've been doing the same on many ocassions.\nCurrently they hyave 100,000 teenagers in prison for under age sex.\nMadness have a lot to answer for.\nKeith the head family of British police are what you call dunces, they hate education, they are the prison community, also they never went to school.\nThey are in government and this is why theres tuition fees, they dont value education and are trying to stop people going to educate, its the prison system and 911 was there first day at school, they hate.\nTheir family run British police and also the British army.\nThey are at war with America, they did 9/11 and 7.7.\nThey created the Pol tax and now the Universal credit made to make people homeless and their camping shop Trepass is ment for people made homeless by this Southern Irish family running the British police.\nThey are the IRA. And they run our British police and McDonalds calling British people peadophiles for 2 people having sex at 16 years old.
When the video starts with your favourite band! 😱😱😱
Personality is the only reason I follow someone. If the personality is there, I don't really mind what the topic is.
I follow people I honestly think I could be friends with
Loving these types of videos, and I agree, I follow people more for their personalities, cos if I like them as a person I know I'll enjoy all their videos.  Congrats on the award, you really deserve it! xx
I like your chatty grwm. It's a good balance of make up and personality
I absolutely lurve these chatty grwm's where you talk about life and stuff and would love to see more!
I got ready while watching you getting ready and I did my hair while watch you being drunk on red carpet. Gotta go to school. Love you drunk! Love you forever! 😂💕
I found you like weeks ago and subscribed almost instantly because I really love you personality and the videos you make cause I admire the way that you speak your mind and do the things you love and not care about the rest. Luv ya Mel xxx
CONGRATULATIOOOONS IM SCREAMING JUST LIKE YOU SAID!! Though I follow YouTubers because of their personality tbh . Hannah, Lindsey Doe, Calum, Michael Rizzi, Jessie, you...
Love your vlog style, it'd be awesome if these were commonplace :)
Congrats Melanie on winning your award! I absolutely loved your film!!! Hope you had a blast in Toronto!! From one died red head to another, I feel your pain about the fade out. I product that I use and swear by the keep my red bright is the Ice Cream Hair mask. I don't know if you have it in Ireland. Literally put it on your hair (dry), leave on for 20mins then wash out as normal. I always get asked if I've re-dyed my hair after I use this stuff. Much love from Toronto!!!! <3<3<3   http://www.inebrya.it/en/products/special-treatments/kromask/cherry-red
I first started following you after seeing Femme at Buffer last year! And I really enjoy videos where you just chat about different topics I love hearing about your opinions :) xx Choice is amazing btw
more like this please !! your vlogs are my favorite (:
food/fashion/video game/cat life vlogs---and THIS one as well, please know we like these :)
Love you, Mel! I just wanted to know, what straightener did you use to style your hair? You're beautiful. ❤️
Watching this makes me want to get together with my friends for drinks and fun--it's been too long. :-)
More videos like this, please! And congrats! :)
Please do more of these vlogs! Your personality is straight up magic!!!
This is crazy I'm a Canadian viewer and I knew exactly where you were staying in Toronto and stuff cuz I can recognize it all in the vid 😂😊
Drunk and giggly Melanie makes me so happy <3 LOVED your film!
cuz I plan on drinking a lot, and maybe dancing... and if I cry, as well \n\nOkay so you're me 😂❤️
I love the vibe of your videos :)
YES YES YES MORE OF THESE KINDS OF VIDEOS PLEASE!!! Feels casual and chill and just a really great video that shows off your brilliant personality!
congratulations on winning the award!!!!!
Congratulations, you really deserve it!! You never fail to amaze me! ❤
If the people knew...: *cut*\nWe will never know... 😔
I follow youtubers for their content and humor mostly, and i subscribed to you cuz your videos somewhat have a calming effect, understandable cuz you have anxiety and you understand what's needed for us to calm down. And your enviable foods from your Food Diary Fridays. Plus, that accent 💚 who wouldve thought you've got all these interesting stories, and the causes you fight for ( physical and mental health, sexuality + lgbt, etc) made you one of my fav youtubers.
I am so proud of you for your work and for winning and ughhhhhhhhh I wish I could hug you!\nAnd yes, I too subscribe and follow people mostly for their personality. You too. <3
I love your chit chat make up. Best ones love youuuu
this made me laugh so much :D
Knocking over that tower could have been drunk me as well! You are my spirit animal! :D
Congratulations!! Super happy for you - really, really well deserved!! ❤️
So I couldn't see any comments that said what I wanted to say. \nYour film was powerful and F***ing awesome, you definitely deserved the win and I hope you had a great time at the award show.
I am definitely going to try that hair trick with the straightener. I am terrible at doing hair. That's my next skill to tackle. I'm getting better at makeup but hair is still way over my head. No pun intended. Haha
I'm so happy you had a lovely time and you won an award! How amazing is that?! :) I thought I recognized your outfit as I work at Coast so I'm glad you like our stuff as I love your style, it's so quirky which is what I like :) Also I subscribe for personality, I get bored easily so personality is what grabs me to a person and yours is so down to earth :)
A 58 year old couple in the US watches you because you're a lovely young lady who helps keep us in touch with what it means to be young. \n\nDuring your hair prep my wife said I didn't know you could do that. Not sure what. Think I'll find out.
Melanie you look bloody gorgeous! Well done on your film you super talented lady. Could I please ask where your earrings are from?!xx
You, Dodie and Hannah are some of my favorite youtubers. I just love all of your personalities!
Yess, love those videos!! more videos like this!
Wow congrats on your short film Mel!! I've shown it to my parents and gran to start discussion for the referendum next year since I can't vote!!
I just wing this every time. EeeEHHHHH!!!! LOL\nI can't hears yehs...you're not talkin to me. OMG LMAO\nCallum should announce all the awards shows. LMAO
Loveeee this type of video, it feels more personal :) I tend to follow and subscribe to people who have similar interests too myself and people who if I met them I would deem as someone I would have as a friend :) xxxx love you Mel, keep doing you
Was that Chantel from Ladylike @ 14.26 ?!?
14:26 is that Chantelle from Buzzfeed’s Ladylike?
💚💚💚
Congrats Mel! You deserve it babe 💚
Congratulations Melanie! You totally deserved it!
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
ADTR & Melanie 💚💚💚💚
Well done Melanie.
MELANIE YOU'RE ON TRENDING
😆 😂 butt lol Hahha ccc
Congrats you beautiful green Butterfly 💚💚
You little mischief :D Knocking that perfect Jenga down hhahaha <3
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Riyadh posing for the pic HAHAAHA
CONGRATULATIONS MELANIE!!!! SOOOO PROUD OF YOU DOLL 💚💚💚💚
You look stunning! xx
Anyone know what brushes shes using?
aaaawww so happy for you! CONGRATULATIONS MELANIE ❤️❤️❤️
Yes more vids like this!!!💕
#BoycottNars
Congrats darling! So happy :3
Un eu su.
I first subscribed to you when you first did your beauty videos and I do still love beauty videos (I find that they're weirdly calming and good for my anxiety, almost ASMR-like) but I've always been subbed to you for your personality.
Hahaha I'm so glad you liked the chocolates! Sitting sick in bed coughing my brains out and watching your vlog is the only thing making me feel better. LOVE YOU GIRLIE!
So gorgeous, love. And so proud of you for winning that award!! xoxo.
My favorite movie is Titanic  , it did look like it in the movie !! Love video
oh shit, i’m sorry i was so awkward when you were filming!!! but it was lovely meeting you, and you are quite hilarious when you’re drunk. 💖 congratulations again on your big win!! you’re so deserving. sending lots of love your way!
Melanie, girl. I really like you!! But, stop touching your hair , the whole time, its destructing!!
For $500.00 chicken I would expect some background of the chicken that I'm eating...home grown, etc, etc.
In general, they are all winners
I'm sorry, but why is Adam always with headphones and barely participates :(?
not trying to be RACIST. But, if the chicken ain't made from black people, it's not good.
Imagine I'd buzzfeed unsolved traded places with worth it for a whole episode
Nope you cursed on the burger one before
i have just one question. where is Keith?
I am not happy i do not see Keith
anyone know the name of the song they used at 10:31?
And you realise worth it proves that you don't (always) get what you pay for
If you listen carefully, you can hear Chicken Little's screams of outrage
You should have done this with Keith
LMAO anyone else think David's backpack looks like a lvl. 2 backpack from PUBG?
Why do I torture myself. Now I wish I lived in New York so I can go to these places.
Ryan's a virgin 😏
Why not try \n\nSANDWICH\n\nWho agree ,like my coment
Blacks would know all about chicken of course
The Ethiopian guy just swoops in there and grabs himself some of that yard bird, and that's alright, becuase the guy cooked it.
GOD! Adam is my all time favorite!! <3
not hating the $500 chicken looks so fucken good with all the ingredients
The only episode where Andrew seems genuinely happy
They weren't kidding when they said it was juicy. Juices literally squirted out of the chicken at 6:06 when Steven bit into it.
What is the song they play at the end? Also that's as sh!t ton of caviar
Why Not shave some truffle to be competitive? Fuggit, just have them throw all the cans of caviar we have at it? C'mon, man, you can mess with the original, but you can't beat it by that much. Certainly not a value proposition by smothering in rich ingredients.
I’m still going to Chick-fill-a
What is that song at the last place, it's v good
I love Andrew, what a cinnamon roll! And that smooth handhold like awwwwww
You need to go to the south to get real fried chicken. Also $16 isn’t cheap.
Lol u didn't say that you had different food with your chicken
Okay but.... Why didn't y'all bring Keith on this video??? #KingoftheChicken
fried chicken with caviar isnt in the same category.  Lame.
Did he get the red rooster name from Australia?
Who sings that song? Hello sunshine hello sky.... The title and artist...  Its such a positive upbeat song..
That's an obscene amount of caviar
whats the name of that song  that says hello sunshine hello sky hello cooling summer breeze?
I like how the chef at red rooster just jumps in to eat the other piece chicken
I love these guys 😂💕
How dare you not invite the Chicken Watch 2k16 pioneers?
I watch these videos and I'm a goddamn vegiterian.
90% people here are black including me lol \ncause of the title
steven tried to hold andrews hand i ship it
I live near one of the two resteraunts Andrew went.
Oh please, it's still fried chicken!!!!!!
They need Keith in this video
I completely believe they called him hot honey
3:30 that bird just casually attacked a car wheel. Just wanted to point that out
The fried chicken fact counted all chicken not just fried chicken so it is not actually gross
Wow. The thumb down button just doesn't do justice to your personalitites.
guy, we have forgotten about one try guy (Keith)
I’m still trying to wrap my head around the fact that it’s $17 lol...it definitely looked delicious that would be about an $8 plate in Ga
Why didn't you bring Keith
Somebody smack the black guy so hard his voice becomes normal please
Love this show but I really didn't like when the guy took a piece of their chicken. Does he do that to all his customers! !!!!!!
why did i torture myself watching this
Anyone else sad they didn’t go to kfc for the cheap option :(
Watch them getting fat over time. 🤣
I love how much more happy Andrew has got because of this food...
why are people so into fish eggs? and fish? EWW.
Steven has no upper lip😂😂
I LOVE ANDREW, ADAM AND STEVE AS THE CAST!!!!They have such lively, fun energy that is so entertaining!!
They should have brought Keith from try guys
What's the song at 10:32? Thanks in advance!
I think this would've been a lot of fun for Keith
Lmao i was litterly biting my thumb while watching this video bc I was so hungry
Dude I love Marcus he judges on chopped sometimes
I love Steven he’s hilarious
Do a worth it episode on Pho !!!!
this is some nice ASMR
DAVID CHAAAAAANG! Totally my food hero. Seems like such a down-to-earth guy, too.
I. Am. So. Hungry.
Why is Keith not joining them?????????\n🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗\n🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔\n\n\n\n\n\n\nCHICKENWATCH!!!!
red rooster is a fast food place in Australia like maccas
What am I doing with my life XD
The Tony Kim Chef looks like that one dude in kdramas who always plays a comedic lawyer, ajussi, or king's servant.... y'all know who I'm talking about?
What bout dat KFC xD why am I talking like that
ah mereka blm nyoba sabana
Poor Keith :(
soo cool watching this eating fried chicken D:
these lads getting paid to eat fried chicken!! Bruh...
$ cupcakes vs. $$$ cupcakes
Guy from Chopped!
very excellent
$ Why I left BuzzFeed vs $$$ Why I left BuzzFeed
-BONELESS CHICKEN\n-2L of LARGE SODA
KFC.....sad😢
just delicious!
Omg they walked past my cousins car😂
Hello where is keith?
i saw stevens mic
Love chicken
Bonchon or crave(mad for chickens)
Where is Keith lol
https://youtu.be/kRvicntE3iY the future .
KFC POPEYES
No KFC? Whaaaaat
try swedish meatballs !
Cheap vs expensive fruit\n\nCheap vs expensive lasagna \n\nCheap vs expensive caviar\n\nCheap vs expensive chinise food
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Ohio fried chicken
my mouth is watering
Sorry, it may be because of the bad video quality, but also because of Martin's intonation if I have to say: I find this dreadful to listen to. Sorry....
Is this Portland, Oregon?
Rest in peace Tom. And tank you for your wonderful music
It would have been nice if he hit the chorus just ONCE...
These guys CANNOT rock 'n' roll. Sorry
His music is life. Thanks.
The 55 losers who THUMBED-DOWN this video should find a high & slippery cliff.\nEnd your misery.
What phone was used here?Amazing quality
Tears for a great musician. Feeling like a refugee who has no wings.
Wow!
Beautifully done. RIP Tom Petty!
coldplay : part of a hugggggeeeeeee mafia who completelly destroys people's lives.
THANKS
Oh dear! Poor attempt! Couldn’t reach the top note!\nRIP Tom.
Lol everyone's on their snapchat
People in heaven just got the best performer ever.  When my time comes and I leave this earth, I am sitting in the front row again.
Thank you for showing support to all the fans and respect.. to a great artist as such yourself.. thank you
Great tribute guys! Rest in peace Tom.
Was never big into Coldplay but they sure are good Respect 🤘🏼✌🏼 Great tribute
Tom could really hit those top notes, consistently, brilliantly, every time. Such a talent, all those great songs and that special voice of his.
One hell of a cover !!!
You never heard anything bad about Tom Petty he was truly one of the 'good guys' and mega talented songwriters!
now I'm a fan of them. HUGE respect
Bye Mr. Petty!!! We’ll miss u...
What a wonderful tribute to an American legend..Tom Petty
Ok this is cool. But I guess since tom petty didn't kill himself he doesn't get the same recognition and playtime as other selfish band leaders. Mental anguish or not....
I'm sick of this rule in pop culture that dictates you must hate coldplay. Fuck that. I like coldplay, I like their music, so suck it.
Great cover, Coldplay. Nicely done. Tom would be proud.
Not sure if Coldplay does this for every big name musician that passes but they did one for the Beasties MCA.
That was so terrible 🤢
Respect!! Love you cold play
Que bien que el mejor Grupo de este Siglo, le haga Homenaje a Mr. TOM PETTY.
Just saw Tom live in May this year. Glad I didn't wait. Thanks fpr the memories Tom. And im not a Coldplay fan but much respect to them for having the balls to do this last-minute tribute. They did a great job
He is FREE and making more music for the world above.
It was so wonderful to hear this. My wife and I hugged each other through this whole song. So glad I was able to take her to this show. It meant a lot on an otherwise very shitty day.
Lovely...teary watching this...Tom Petty and The Boss wrote the lyrics to my life growing up...
Where’s the bass notes?
Thank you for sharing that.
Fantastic tribute to Tom Petty.\n\nGreat work, Coldplay.
Too many Goodbyes. Too much to take...
I hate Coldplay, but this is alright!
Tom Petty one of the best nobody did it better now your really free rip thank you for everything
I wanna go to their Concert at Rose Bowl this October 6th but no one wants to come with me due to the shooting in Las Vegas.
I was there! SO GOOD! It was SO emotional - they came out very solemnly, asked for a moment of silence for Vegas, then went into Free Fallin'. It was SO emotional! <3 <3 Love them!
Thank you Coldplay.  You are a good band honoring a legend.  I can't believe Tom is gone, it was like he never aged.  Anyone who didn't like his music was no friend of mine.  I imagine him meeting Elvis, Jackson and half the Beatles and imagine the jam session.
Not a Coldplay fan but a very nice cover & tribute.
shout out to Coldplay great tribute to the great Tom Petty!!!!....R.I.P TOM
Most emotionl version of Free falling I have ever heard. I am so heartbroken over the loss of Tom Petty, his music has been the soundtrack to my life. He was by far my most loved. I cannot believe he's gone. RIP Tom :(
I was there, and it was absolutely incredible. Chris is such a great guy :)
RIP to everyone lost their lives in last few days
a  aweosme tribute to Tom Petty...oh my wht to  say about Tom    just a man  of  many great songs   reminded me lot  of the  Bob  Dylan  style,,, i   so remember  all  of   his videos  this one   def sticks in ma head,,   RIP Tom you will be missed!!!!!
Not hitting the high notes but lovely tribute anyway.  I miss Tom Petty already.
RIP rock legend, Petty's the greatest.
Loved him and his music.  I listened to him for 40yrs.  He was great in concert.  Better to have seen him once, than not at all.  RIP
Essa música é show! Valeu Tom Petty! Siga sempre na Luz.
Down in Dreamville 10/7/2017...\n\nhttps://youtu.be/o1iG-t9rsss
that was such a fucking incredible concert. i can now die a happy man. i truly never thought i'd get to see coldplay live. thank you guys for everything. coldplay has seriously changed my life for the better
I guess he learned to fly when he got his wings R.I.P 😇😇
What a beautiful tribute. This is amazing.
I SAW MY HANDS IN THIS VIDEO
fantastic  !
Everyone recording vertical lol!
Props to Coldplay. Well done!
Well done lads very good
Wonderful tribute.  Thanks guys. We miss Tom.
😪❤️
great Steve Martina
Looks like Mark Zuckerberg on vocals. LOL
RIP, Tom
Nice! ;-(
Like for Tom Petty
BOSSNESS  https://youtu.be/zJqE5m4jONQ
GREAT TRIBUTE...
Well done, Coldplay!!
Good guys
R.I.P
thank you!
Fucking awful!!
Major Respect Coldplay!
Much respect!!
Amazing! RIP Tom.
Yes😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭👋
thanks Tom
IM SOOOOOOO SADDDDDDDD
October 2, 2017 absolutely terrible day. Fuck!
FALLIN' UPWARDS
Wonderful tribute!
Coldplay 👌
No more tears. Thanks ColdPlay 😊😊
So sad :(  RIP TOM
Great tribute!
Peter buck is the man!
He fucking butchered this if you cant sing that high dont try to
Stop disrespecting by butchering the death people song. You have done enough, Chris Martin.
Nice sentiment but poorly executed.\n\nTHERE IS ONLY ONE TOM PETTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nRIP Tom!
Peter Buck?
This sucks. John Mayer version is awesome.
Coldplay always have to be the bride at the wedding and the corpse at the funeral,take a back seat you egotistical fucks
Of course the corniest band ever would choose this song. Of fucking course they would.
Not a fan of Coldplay.....and a big Tom Petty fan......they did an average cover of his work.
Wheelie challenge
Try wheelie it
Amazing
Gayyyyyy
Colab with Rob Welch ;-)
Song at 10:11
Nissan GTR S2
Sick
bbb shoud be a thing bring back bmx
Yes scouser love ur videos
Sounds like spark plugs
Soo stoked you landed it bro!
im starting to like thos mtbs man!
Nice
Go on man!!
Amazing
Amazing
Ride dirt bmx with Matt Jones
That was feking aweesomeoo!!!!!!
Enduro for life <3
Not a downhill bike
do another collab with ryan taylor
Make a trail
Get a hardtail mountain bike
@3:45 sorry
Yes lad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Matt Jones!!!!!!
Great vid
Knew this would happen
make a bmx video
PLLZZ watch this mad bmx got me too hypedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcsX5ra6SFE&t=387
ride woburn sands with matt
Go to woodys bike park Cornwall
Hello Harry my name is Milton David, I just want some opinions on something.. I'm about to buy a bmx bike the wheels are 20 inch, but I don't know if it is that right one.. I'm 5ft7. Looking forward to your reply.. Thank you.
Great to see you starting to ride MTB mate !! Lets ride soon !
I run a freecoaster on my mtb
If you made a wheelie video I would watch, fuck this shit
Your like the British Fabio wibmer
you should build a up a dirt jumper
Damn. Do you really not know shit about mtb
It’s not a down hill bike it’s an enduro
Don't ever wear a motor cross helmet downhill, a downhill helmet and a motor cross helmet break a different speeds, when you crash you want to make sure your helmets breaks and takes some of the impact
Go and have an MTB session with Barry Nobles and Caroline Buchanan in their back garden.
Hi Harry, I really like your vids keep it up. I also upload MTB content. Thanks for the Sick video!!!!
Come to Surrey hills
Which accent is this?
Never call that a DH bike again xD that hurts so much.
Dude you should try Red Bull Rampage. Go for it
He needs to ride a technical track that’s where the fun is at
Skegsy Killing it with the camera shots and slow mo. 👍 Do a triathlon, all three of you. Events are, Downhill trail (downhill bike), Skate park (Bmx) , then street (scooter).
Collab with Sam Pilgrim in a game of bike. BMX vs MTB and vice versa.
I don't know if I should get a mafiabike black jack or a proper mountain bike. Plz help
Yes Harry and good for getting the five tens!
Someone tell him to stop calling it a downhill mtb bike
harry, i love ya i really do. but stop calling it a DH bike! its a enduro mtb not a DH
I’ve just brought a new bike more expensive than my motocross bike was! Sat at home with the flu and this makes me want to ride so bad !!  Arrgh!! Great vid. !!
Windhill - come to Windhill in Wiltshire with Sam Pilgrim and Blake Samson then goes see the Lions of Longleat!
Game of BIKE with you on the hardtail and Matt on your bmx
Game of bike on the mtb
Stop saying it's a downhilllll bikeee it's nottt
Cool vid but just to clear things up... It's NOT a downhill mtb!!
why did you get rid of the stretchers?
ITS A FUCKING MOUNTAIN BIKE NOT A BMX U DOWNY
Stop calling it a downhill mountain bike, u rookie
do a game of bike
put a dj fork on the blackjack
You should call your subs the mainers
You should do BMX trikes on your downhill mountain bike
That guy is amazing and you are to hurry main
you have to head into the mountains!!!!! either scotland or wales!! both hav some sick bike parks/DH trails n that! get your wheels on some natural trails aswell man nothings been built to ride u just hav to go for it!!! best feeling ever!
You need to get a hardtail and kill the game!!!
Stop calling a enduro a dh bike look how high your seat is
matt what preasures do u ride are u tubeless or not and is a vitus nucleus sutable for this stuff
Harry is Glowing! New bike legs!
Loving these mountain bike videos. Awesome to see you trying new stuff. Thanks Harry
Great stuff. Take the 26 in mafia out with your new bro and pull some sick tricks. I ride a Marin Alcatraz .ask Matt Jones how the blackjack fairs against the Alcatraz?
just because John hicks got a mtb you got one for the views
Matts a legend! Dirt jump steeze all the way 👍
Swap bikes with Matt. U ride the hardtail he rides the BMX
What back hub does harry ride on the mtb
Can you ride bmx again I think moutain bikes are cool but I like bmx alot
These are my favorite videos!!
I learned to front flip in that foam pit 😏
You Gotta take it to some dirt jumps now you have destroyed the park!
Already waiting for you to review your rr
Ride chicksands bike park it's gnarly! And is suitable for all riders
Ffs it’s not a dh bike
Love the music throughout the videos what music is it?
Take him on the trails dirt jumps or something \n\n\n\nMany challenge \n\n\nRide street will be a good on a mountain bike. Bome some stairs
You are such a crazy talented athlete! Makes me so happy to watch you riding and progressing on everything with 2 and 4 wheels. Big ups to you Mr Main
Class vid ! Rode downhill for years and now getting in to bmx ! Wish i had years ago , love it ! Impressive how well u have taken to the full sus ! Totally inspired by ur vids and my wee boy loves them 2 and will be getting a mafia bmx for xmas ! Keep up the best content on youtube!!! Yes lad 😄😆📹📷💻🎥🎅🎁 !!!!
Go to black mountains cycle centre 😂 and have a blast with some air time
Dirt jump game of BIKE
Do some bike servicing with him and some days out riding
Trip to Surrey Hills with Matt Jones would be the greatest video ever!
Go to chicksands with Matt
It’s not a downhill mtb it’s enduro mtb
Game of bike has to be done between harry and matt
I wanna se you on the splatter fuel rocker bmx in that skate park with skegz
I like them but bmx better than  mountain bike vids
LOL!!! Don't come for me. It's all fun and love. #SuperSixty is starting now! Which means I'm responding to comments for the next hour. AND GO! xo
Am I the only one who wanted her parents to react to Superwoman at the last!!!
hey you have to lay off of logan paul because he is soooooo amazing.
Lisa Caution Tape XD that part made me laugh
*Paramjeet talking about Logan Paul*: Hopefully he is only child.\n\n*The rest of the world*: Yeah, we wish he was an only child, too.
lily make Ur parents react to every day we lit plzzz
Hey lily! Why are you so good at acting and making jewelry and basically awesome?!?
This was the first video I watch of yours and now I’m subbed
Logan Paul is your friend?!?! What!!!!
HI OMG I WANT  a pin but my mum is really strict
Lilly can your parents react to the Gabbie shows new song out loud
Hehehe girl every time I need a laugh I go back to your videos lol lol you are a LEGAND
Lilly please make your parents react to your own video,if men had boobs
Please Please Pleaseeee!!! React to minzy's superwoman it suits you very much
do a parents react to charlie puth attention
Sometimes I forget that Lilly plays them
Make your parents react to mein tera boyfriend from raabtaa at least one indian song react
I know all off these youtubers
If you dare go find and hate on my baby sister, I swear I will find and MURDER you. She seem really nice I'M DEAD XD
The David dobrik one made me die laughing
Guppy show 😂😂
My parents react to teens react
Hair looks like Titanic XD
REACT TO BTS DNA PLEASE
you should make murch
Paramjeet: Lilly? \nManjeet and Paramjeet: SKIP
My mom bought me a rafiki
Did you really kiss D Trix😚😮
Isha Marie😂😂
Who just hates edited comments??
I can’t breath😂😂
At 1:43, I died of laughter!!!! Wow her mom is pretty curious about that!
Tell Me How D-Trix Is Kissing Lilly But Not Dating Her???
Sometimes I forget these aren't her actual parents.
U should make a video w meredith foster
Lol I was almost freaked out when dad and mum saw you and the guy kissing 😂🤣special effect...!
Who else was just here because of Logan Paul?
Your parents didn't say any of the names right
High key that was so accurate lol
2:43 lol
She has 93k likes hoooo no
@IISuperwomanII pls react to DNA PLS BTS
I sometimes forget that she's just acting like her parents but umm how u get 2 Lilly's
His head look like front of titanic.  Lol XD
can they react to look what you made me do by taylor swift
I LOVE HOW U DID YOUR MAKE UP!!!!!!!!!
5:01\nWhen ur parents find out....run for your life
I clicked because of Logan....
What about the one with Swoozie??!!??!!??!
Can someone tell me what happened to iisuperwomanii's hair
OMG I LOVED THIS! You should do another one but this time include the Dolan Twins and Shane Dawson!
Hopefully he is only child 😂😂😂😂
Damn their faces when they see Lilly kissing DTrix 😂😂😂😂
#SuperSixty
And Miranda Sings???
Part 2 please
I swear, sometimes I forget this is the same person 😂😂😂
Omg your hair is GOALS!!!!!    I love you so much
Your awesome and i love your vedio
0:57 still laughing 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hi
Pls react  to Shikra  my hips don’t lie
React to Melanie Martinez!😍
Where is Ryan Higa?
😂🤣😅
hey
😂😂😂😂
LAGAAAN PAUL!!!!!\n😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😵😵😵😵😵😵
i'm deadd lmao
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I hope he only child- I wish
You should make your parents watch Takin my baby From alex and Lauren's music video it's a bomb..
“Tell me where to donate” haha
Sorry, but pause at 4:37 and look at Manjeet 😂😂💗
Parents react to American Kids taste Indian food!
you should have your parents try to use musically
his head look like bloody titanic 😂😂😂😂
You should do your parents react to ur watch history
I love you your my favorite Youtuber
Loool who thought it was some game tryna figure out who the person they were saying the name of was
Who died and made you get a that hair color
I will literally find and murder you! I died...🤣🤣
LOL I love watching Lilly's mam and dad on YouTube they are hilarious I nearly cry watching them Lilly is good as well but her parents OMG. 😂😂😂😂
Dam when her parents say does everyone on YouTube do drugs but Logan says this could mean drugs
Do more of these
lilly are you friends with logan paul
I LOVE YOUR HAIR❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
can you shout me out
WHERE ARE DAN AND PHIL
i love your new hair color <3
Omg i love this video
Yes the Indian parents
I love all of those youtubers😍😍
Lily drawing on yourself can cause skin cancer if you do it too much.
Hi Beza
Parents react to lele pons?\n\n\nLIKE IF AGREE
Damn Manjeet is smooth 😏
Logan 4life
His hair looks like titanic hahahaha
I love these 😭😂😂
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?737917626
Comment section is full of poisonous comments and idiots who think they know more than experts
It’s not fair that she’s all over the news
BUMP-STOCK , BUMP-STOCK ,  not so sexy......LET'S TALK !
He's a fucking terrorist what else do you need to know ?
She will date another white man to get better life, money and citizenship for sure.
Does he considered as Christian Terrorist?
Fake News! False Flag! The US Government orchestrated this “shooting” from beginning to end
whst we do know is that she is an idiot
Racist white media !\nThey digged up and circulated more of this woman's photos that the white killer itself!
Let's not blame the crackers, let's find a way to blame non whites somehow.......
Do you think she really doesn't know? And was this a ex because I have been seeing different stories making it seem like that.
So are we gonna blame her for his crimes now? Right? FUCK YOU AMERICA, FUCK YOU, You are a shitty country.
Wake up people! He wasn’t the shooter. He was the fall guy. There were two shooters. One was on the fourth floor. There’s actual video of it. Plus taxi driver video of two different gun shots from two location. I don’t believe anything the news says and you shouldn’t either.
Earn extra cash from home. Easy and  simple just follow link for instructions. 1GwLg7LjyWXtA2SphJ97zNvkgBergJZf13
She shouldn't be news. Leave her be. Honestly.
The whole thing of her not being in the country and all that stuff is clearly planned by her and boyfriend. Pretty good story.
you can’t believe this shit.... what a fucking cover up.. they heard more than two guns.. they used this gambling drunk dude as a scape goat. People even said he had no fucking gun experience??? \nThere is no fucking way all that ammunition gun explosive crap got up there with only one dude..\nLegit you’re being lied to
Thought and prayers for the victims families.
Wonder if she's single
Let the fucking woman live her life. Jesus
We should be able to pak her
This Nip is a honkey lover
What's it like to have horrible taste in men..
Distracting people from the real issue guns guns and gunswho sold it to him and why they didn't report him.we know how is going to end he was 'insane'' case close.
videos of taxi driver has multiple shooters you can even see one in drivers mirror,4th floor videos of gun shots ,videos of police officer firing into crowd as they are trying to escape ...you morons want to believe all this ...got help us !! and for you protecting the guilty you can lie to us all you want but you just lost your ticket to salvation ...
Can she be asked to submit to a lie detector test?
When they zoom in on her face
Know why they keep using that same picture with his eyes closed,cause they are pushing the white Christian agenda,that's not gonna work if people see the pics of him with his head scarf on embracing his religion of peace lol
look to see if she had a insurance policy on the man   filipinos do this type of stuff
Hey Guys! This Is Great! I Got 𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕖 𝕏𝔹𝕆𝕏 $𝟝𝟘𝟘 𝕡𝕣𝕠𝕞𝕠 𝕔𝕠𝕕𝕖𝕤 Here – >  #Claimyourfreepromocode
Yeah, because the smartest thing to do is to interview the shooter's gf that fucking lives thousands of miles away
Here's the thing about this shooting; If it WASN'T a false flag, a black-op or any other kind of politically motivated act of terror perpetrated by some shadowy government operatives to push a political narrative, then god DAMN the shadowy government types who it would be assumed would perpetrate something like this hit the fucking jackpot with this one. And, the people who could use an event like this to push narratives and issues (such as changing gun laws) came into an outrageous windfall with the political rhetoric and talking points gained. The question is, are we supposed to believe that's a coincidence?
Treating his ex like a rock star. Good job
she hid the money in the Philippines
Oh we need *strong* leads... Let's not get a person who was there at the point of the shooting,  let's get someone who was *miles* away... *SHE MIGHT KNOW SOME SHIT*
So shes the girlfriend of the other shooters as well
If I were her I'd have stayed out of country there are a lot of angry stupid people right now and guess who's face is being blasted around by the fucking news.
I saw many south east Asian women with white Americans why?
Asian women look hot even when  they're  old........gonna get me one.
The mainstream media has to be furious he doesn't fit into a certain demo. Besides his skin color he's just not that interesting. Sigh.
She obviously knew what was gonna take place. She should be held somewhat responsible.
Wait, did they say she was in the Philippines during the attacks or was  the plane made a u turn? \n\nFrom what was broadcasts on the news, they put her in Las Vegas.
Not cool people are going to blame this lady.
Blame everyone else beside the white man smh
Mandalay hotel employee released a receipt from room service where it clearly shows there were TWO guests registered at the paddock room. Instagram Isayaah Parker
What is achieved by bringing over that poor woman who was an ocean away and putting her through more problems? Because she's foreign, it's okay to ruin her life? Disgusting
Clickbait for views. Downvote this video off of trending
THIS IS WHY I NO LONGER PARTICIPATE IN LARGE MASS GATHERINGS LIKE THIS CONCERT,  THEY WERE ALL SITTING TARGETS, LIFE AS WE KNOW IT WILL NEVER BE THE SAME, PEOPLE NEED TO WAKE UP AND REALIZE THAT WE CAN'T BE FREE WITHOUT CONSEQUENCES. MOST NIGHTS I STAY HOME, MOST CREEPS BECOME CRAZY HALF PAST 9PM.
And now the cia is gonna kill her
I don't even have to scroll through the comments to know that there are a lot of fucking losers in here who are wanna be journalists and reporters that think they have anything to offer on this story lol. The only people who know what's going on are the police, that's it. So stfu and when they have anything new they'll tell everyone and then you can act like you're the one who knew it all along.
Well alot of Asians are Euro worshippers anyway so it really isn't a surprise
I don't think she knew. She was in the Philippines for 2 weeks before this happened.
a lot of people said she would not go back to the US. now what?
she just happens to be out of the country and had money wired to her prior to this? hmm something seems off
I have to wonder where this number of $100,000 sent to the Philippines comes from and if that information was fact checked by these news outlets that have been reporting it. I lived in the Philippines and I don't believe you can send that much money to that country in particular. It is more likely that as is typical in the Philippines, Filipinos may refer to the Peso as dollars. It could be that he wired P100,000 (about $2,000), although it could be difficult to even wire that much with the new laws in place to prevent outsiders funding potential terrorist groups.
She’s ISIS and had pics of him in panties.  Case solved.
why do they put her face up like a mug shot? she didn't do anything...she's not a suspect..ruin her life pin head fake news
How much you wanna bet they torture her into confessing, then this whole thing gets wrapped up in a neat little bow?
She doesnt have to answere anything at all,If i were her id say to the media and police.....Hi and just stare at them... or tell them to go get donuts and coffee......
American media is so funny
I really hope antifa was behind this so we can label them as a terrorist group
Get her tf out of LA lmao. We don’t want her ass here
$100,000????? She can now fulfill her dream of opening a nail shop in the lobby of the Mandalay Bay Hotel #Winning
1:24 what kind of cosmetics are you using on your eyebrows they look nice.
The media will blame her, the shooters brother, the shooters rough childhood and even the hotel and it's security..... But they won't blame the politicians who allowed high powered guns for civilian purchase huh.
The particular fetal doppler handyhülle baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors app makes hearing with regard to your baby's heart defeat an entertaining and social experience\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Note to Self: Don't date white guys.\n\n\n\n2nd note to self: Don't make jokes about not dating white guys.\n\n3rd note to self: 2nd note might have been too late.
I think I met this woman I maine fishing one day that's creepy af
hey friends i live in USA  in my country i can buy gun easily just like buying candy.  ..  \nso if my teacher gives me too much homework i will shot her wth my assault rifle\nif someone is talking to my crush i will shoot him \niam in subway i feel the place is crowded  guess what will i do ..... it will start shooting at the crowd
Hey people don't get mind trick by the elite group they are the ones who want us to lose
Fake news yall see this video of a man running towards the shooter asking the cops to give him a gun
*All the keyboards at CBS smell like Hillarys fingers now!*  #FISHY
She looks like a gold digger
Hey‼️ for anyone out there that like a YouTuber who post everyday that's what I do. I post comedy skits, vlogs and pranks. Go ahead and subscribe to me so you can laugh.. ENJOY, THANK YOU ALL.💯💯 just uploaded a video!
Because he didn’t like country music
This is just a bad year for everyone I guess. And I thought 2016 was garbage. It's just so sad that this is the world we're giving our children.
When there is a crime such as this, ofcourse they eye and question the husbands, wives, family members, friends, or anyone connected or close to the suspect or criminal ya'll.
*_Never make a statement to the police, even if you are really innocent of any wrongdoing! She better lawyer-up!_*
The woman is coming to the US to help /cooperate with the investigation even though she doesn't even live in the US. The good ol media trying to get this woman killed for dating the wrong guy.
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=61816
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
FAKE NEWS !!!!!! B******* allegations
She a sexxy Lil thing.
Everyone related to this dude is loony toons.
Scary Killer Clown Attacks as PENNYWISE From IT Breaks Windshield watch now wtf 😂😂http://gsurl.in/7dil
http://ggghhh8.com/intr/f3ebce4e7f041027 \nfree
Sucky reporting with no value
Check out our blazing BWW challenge https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7yFCcbOig0&feature=share
Please watch this: https://youtu.be/qvnU8TAiG8E
Rachel Kim.
https://go.twitch.tv/dracoz3r0
Distraction damn shame
Fake Hoax.
Build a wall!!!!!!
she's innocent...
Do not be fooled ISIS had something to do with this
my forst question is...whered you get that cleavage!? your boyfriend? not so interested...weve got barbed wire and jumper cables for him....is it a push up bra? is it vintage?
No wonder he did it. she ugly af
Minuto 4:56 playstation :v
01041317:Xbox 2001,Xbox 360 2005,Xbox one 2013,Xbox one x 2017
Phil Spencer\nMi lord 🙇
Exelente video  me suscrivo👍
Wooow mas videos asi este estuvo genial
14:05 Qual é o nome do jogo???
16:15
Y los exclusivos? :V
luke <3
Minuto 4:57 jajaja xD
bendita retrocompatibilidad
Spoileado la nueva interfaz  :)
The most powerful console ever made.  -Microsoft \n\n Yea, and so has been pretty much every other console at the time it was released.  I don't get why they thought this was some unique selling point.
Mexico es territorio Xbox pero se mamaron con el precio para Mexico, seguro bajará, hasta entonces sigo con mi S.
Haber...., Entonces el nuevo Xbox es retrocompatibible con tooodos los títulos anteriores de Xbox??? gracias! n.n
Hey es luke lafremiere from linus tech tips
yo vi una ps4 :v
Falto el francotirador
Unicos ¡¡ buen video ¡¡
Y las exclusivas?
muy buen  like
excelente video sr pontón
💩💩💩
crimsom skies y fuzion frenzy
Buen video
Buen video
Manyyy!!!!!
videote unocero . saludos desde Colombia
Estuvo genial el vídeo, saludos ponton.
Que gran video :3
Qué pasó con Ninja Gaiden :'/
Best trabajo ever
MEGA EXCELENTEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tu eres amigo del Maestro Morsa verdad ? Saludos buen dia
En ese Museo faltan las bolsitas de Doritos edición Halo u.u
Toma tu puto like y un nuevo suscriptor
Por fin tendré la consola mas potente de la historia.
Ei compa me ymaginos que tienes xbox one x
cuando salga la retro con xbox original con que tenga unos 300 de todos los que tuvo basta, no necesitamos más así que
010511317  los años donde se han Sacado las consolas 01 05 13 17
falto que preguntaran de porque cobraban por jugar online
Son los 2 últimos dígitos años en que salieron cada una de sus consolas
01051317 los años en que salieron las consolas  (xbox, xbox360, xbox one, xbox one x)
O habéis visto los laboratorios secretos de Panos!!!
Oye y cuando nos explicas como se hizo la Xbox One X??? Por que solo han mostrado los prototipos, una imagen general del taller dónde se elavora y los componentes de la consola...
Y las luces rojas por si llega a fallar
en el minuto 4:13 sale Luke de Linus techtips!
El numero es del Spartan 17 el Jefe Maestro
HAHA ME rio de la retrocompatibilidad .... PC = juego que se te antoje
Hubieras preguntado cuándo sale un Age Of Empires para Xbox XD
01051317 son los años en los que se lanzaron las consolas del Xbox (Xbox 2001, Xbox 360 2005, Xbox one 2013 y Xbox scorpio 2017)
Me tiene la chorrada de la consola más potente del mundo , por parte de Sony y por parte de Xbox x , yo lo que quiero que una consola reviente en gráficos a otra ya me da igual Play que Xbox , no están dando consolas de puta mierda
El número que preguntas son los años en los que fueron lanzadas las consolas de Xbox. 2001 Xbox original, 2005 Xbox 360, Xbox One 2013, Xbox One x 2017...
En todo el video solo esperé el momento donde entrara al estudio de 343 Industries! Cielos! Frank O’connor! Ah! Ahh!!
vamos a ver que pedo, a ver si no la cagan en errores como la ps4 o en juegos caca como en la xbox one normal, o como los juegos de multiplataforma de baja calidad como la Nintendo Switch.
Los números ‘01051317’ corresponden a las fechas en que salieron las generaciones nuevas de Xbox correspondientes a su año de salida. Me prometiste un premio.
Podrian me menos OBVIO que es un publi reportaje
Si no me equivoco los números del minuto 12:05 significan las fechas en que salieron las consolas de Xbox. 01 es el año del 2001 cuando salió la primera Xbox, 05 es 2005 el año que salió Xbox 360, 13 es 2013 el año que salió el Xbox One y el 17 es 2017 el año en que saldrá la Xbox one X escorpión :)
Que buena consola me la voy a comprar déjame nomas verder mi riñón
Los numeros:\n0105101317\nson años importantes para xbox como \nlanzamiento, diseño o rediseño de consolas
como se llama el juego de pelotitas?
con toda esa tecno. a PS4 se la pelan!!
alguien me puedes decir cómo se llama el juego o como lo puedo buscar, en donde ponton juega con otros tres y se cae de la plataforma.
Impresionante! Que bueno Xbox!
pues los números serían en el año que salieron las consolas xbox no ? \nMi premio :v
Cuando te das cuenta que gears no tiene museo porque lo juega puro chilango haha
Desde mi primer Xbox 360 supe lo que es calidad! antes con los joystick de Ps3 y Ps2 solo duraban 2 años, con Xbox aun estan intactos! gran pero gran calidad de consola y juegos, jamas me arrepentiria, gran video!
Que triste que inviertan tanto en cosas que no son importantes deberían invertir mas en hardware
Espero no te enojes pontón proyecte el vídeo en una clase en la UNAM y mis alumnos quedaron facinados jejeje
Bueno esta es como de espuma me mató de risa
El numero es la fecha en que salio el x box one day one edition
tengo 2 opciones por lo del NUMERO de SERIE 01 es el lote 05 es el mes de fabricación 13 es el dia de ese mes y 17 es el año \nla otra es que el 31 que señalas es la semana de fabricación de ese lote el 7 es el año 2017  osease que se fabricó en agosto ese xbox one x y los demás números determinan el tipo de modelo o la edición 01051ojala y gane algo chido están muy padres sus videos saludos no me pierdo los tips and chips y las review de autos saludos desde Reynosa TATATATTATATAMAULIPAS
01 2001 xbox 05 2005 xbox 360 13 2013 xbox one 17 2017 xbox one x los años en los que se sacaron los xbox
01051317 son los años en los que salió cada generación de consola
Es una mamada que en estas épocas sigan echando mierda a cierta empresa veo muchos echando mierda a Xbox siendo que pueden tener ambos mundos sin perderse los juegos de ambas consolas el que defienda al PC o al ps4 ya es porque de plano no es un gamer es una rata el gamer juega de todo en todas la consolas no defienda o no se casa con una marca que el monopolio es malo y jode la industria .......
Los números son los años en los que lanzaron las consolas v:!
El procesador es intercambiable??????
Xbox es una excelente marca con prestigio a nivel mundial pero porfavor enfoquense ya en Juegos exclusivos si no todo poco a poco se va a ir abajo reaccionen Microsoft!!
Sin duda el sueño de todo Geimer es estar ay que envidia unocero saludos
cada quien tiene sus gustos, pero a mi siempre me ha gustado xbox
Ahora que ya viene el Xbox one x deberían sacar un video con opciones de pantallas para esta consola
01 05 13 17 fue el día que inició de la elaboración o el plan para proyect excorpio y al final su año de lanzamiento
Como se hizo??... Como siempre micrsoft ponr de perrito a sus fanboys se saca la tranca y embiste sus culos sin lubricante.... Les vende una consola 4k que solo 3 juegos correran a 4kpuesto qur se les.olvida que salen tambien en xone, es decir haran una version media para xone en dg y para pc y xonex en escalada... Si asi como qusieron hacer la venta del siglo con xone s por su BD ULTRA, y se le olvido al papanatas spencer que esta es la era del stream y el.formato fisico solo vive en laa consolas y la musica,(esta mas de milagro) no por nada netflix mando a su tumba a blockbuster, asi ahorq querra vender una consola 4k sin juegos 4k y que parq colmo sus exclusivos son indies y sin menospreciar pero pocos podran hacer minima justicia a la :potencia de xonex, ms la ha cagado una vez mas, es como tener un pc gamer para terminar usando emuladores de pong o virtualboy, nes snes etc... Eso corre con el pobre y arcaico hardware de la primer xbox asi que espero se entienda que ms les esta vendiendo la consola de los indies y retros aue podrian jugar con emulador sin espera retrocompatiblidar y sin gastar por el nuevo adorno de sobremesa de microsoft un coge polvo con lucesitas!!!
Se escribe Sea Of Thieves, NO se escribe Sea Of Thiefes JAJAJA
Hermosura de Xbox One X lastima que aca en Ecuador llegue a unos $750 :(
Falto un cuarto especial de gears of war jeje aun así hermoso el museo de halo 😍
la edición  Xbox scorpio me recuerda a Alien, el 8° pasajero, no se porque, tal vez el verde
Desde colombia ,ciudad de neiva excelente video regaleme un codigo de juego man
.....el único problema será su elevado precio aquí en México....espero y valga la pena esos $17,000 que valdrá está consola.\nYo no sé ustedes....\nPero yo no considero los videojuegos como un júguete los considero un privilegio de antiestrés y una excelencia que solo puede ser superada como cuando vees una buena película por su trama desde un principio hasta el fín,...es inmersión un espectáculo visúal y un mar de sensaciones y séntimientos.\nExcelente Video!
Xbox one x es edición ilimitada?
Hello! Can we please get English translation for closed captioned?? Looks like an interesting video! ☺
Maicrosoft tiene mejor tecnologia que todo mexico jajajaa que pena 😓😓😓
Cómo se llama el juego en el que están todos juntos, jugando zumo
Exelente calidad de producción y potencia ....ahora se viene el vídeo de cómo hacen sus juegos....wait pero si no tiene juegos ! Bueno pero igual este video es muy bueno
Tremenda bazofia se aproxima estos de raímond No entienden... Será lo mismo que ps4 pro.. Una moda pasajera en definición 4k...Lo realmente bueno son los juegos y contenidos k tenga cada compañía por ello XBOT seguirá siendo la gran perdedora de siempre xD
Los numeros Son los años mas importantes de las elaboraciones  de las consolas xbox
No puedo escuchar la música al mismo tiempo que juego como en 360?
Estan jugando fusion frenzy con uno de los integrantes de Linus Tech Tips?
Éste es el amigo de la Morsa?
El fetiche del canal de Unocero de siempre tomar, manosear y destruir la cosas, ya aburren un poco no? :/
This is why I love Celine, she's pure & good & has such a big heart that is brave, solid & consistent, giving and so much more!!\n\nIt's not about her talent, it's about how she touches humanity, and is able to really connect with us that sets her apart from the rest.\n\nIn the UK 🇬🇧 we have a monarchy, and they live a public life, but even my own queen has no comparison to Celine. There has been only one other woman in my lifetime , who I can say lived for people and touched them in her way; and that was of course the beautiful Diana Princess of Wales. \n\nCeline is not all about fashion, money, and blasting out note perfect rifts during concerts.  She gives back something far more significant that cannot be measured in $ £ € signs. \n\nShe gives something she will never get back that is far more Valuable and that is of course her time. Time is the most Valuable thing we can give anyone, it doesn't stop, we can't go back in time, and none of us know exactly how much of it we have.\n\nCeline does this because she WANTS to do it, not because she HAS too!! \n\nShe gives love, support and comfort; and shows solidarity, at a time when people are scared,  lost and hurting. \n\nIf we all took a leaf out of her book, and were able to love one stranger each, no one would be alone in this world.\n\n And if we give a little of our love away, it will sure make a difference every night and day, and if we hear the whisper of what the hearts trying to say, \n\nWe can sure make a difference, in some small, in some small way \n\nBravo once again Celine & thank you for everything you have done and continue to do for humanity, through your music and your ability to bring people together from all corners of the world.\n\nYou have always remained true to the people, your family and most importantly true to yourself and dear René. This is why we love you and this is why we have kept loving you for all of these years 💜\n\nI just wish there were more women like you and Princess Dianna in the here and now and in the further, when our time on this world has long been spent. \n\nI feel we all need too understand that the only thing that we can do to improve the future, is to take action NOW, we need to look after one another, love one another, and protect our children and teach them correctly and go back to older values of respect trust and strength. It all comes back to time though doesn't it?\n\nYou have one life, one chance to make a difference. And you have a choice! \n\nWhen your clock runs out how will you be remembered? \n\nAs someone who made a difference to humanity and looked after their community, family, friends and complete and utter strangers and give them the most expensive thing you own TIME!'
My name is Alex, I'm a producer for KTNV Channel 13 news in Las Vegas. May we have permission to use this video on our newscast?
You're an angel, Céline! I admire your generosity. I hope these families will be in peace. It was very sad what happened. The world needs more love, the world needs more people just like you. #VegasStrong 🙏❤
What an absolute sweetheart. A lovely woman. ❤️💕
#theshowmustgoon \nWe should to be strong ! We support family and we will help them. Thanks Celine Dion and team Celine to always being here to help the world.
<3 <3 <3 <3
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I can't stop crying ...
we need more souls like Céline's on the World <3 God bless you.
The world need many Celines.\nYou are our always our inspiration every thay and ever way.\n\nLove you forever 💚❤
Celine is an angel❤❤
Such a great woman I love you Celine
Truly an angel ❤️
love love love
Class Act, more should follow her lead. So sweet, so concerned. Bless you
Should we be doing all this? This is what any suicide mass shooter wants. What he doesn't want is people just getting on with their lives. The more the media cover it, the more people get upset, the more psychos who hate society will want to do it.
❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you celins
YES,  The world need many Celines.
That confused man who did this horrible thing i believe as the bullet entered his head realized he fucked up.  To late
What a beautiful angel Celine is. God Bless you
Excellent choice of words, spoken from the heart. There's nothing phony about this, I'm so sick of the hateful comments about this woman. Why would you seek out and spend time watching someone you hate? I've never been that bored. It's sad.
USA got what it payed for. ISIS I mean. You gave them money you got shot
Amazing Celine your a angel truly. ❤️
Thank you for your generosity.  God bless you, Celine.
I admire and respect everything about this woman and I always have.
QUEEN OWN A PURE GOLD HEART💖💖💖  We Love You Queen Celine Dion
Amen! This woman is an example. RIP beautiful souls🙏
a genuine, heartfelt intro....God bless Las Vegas
Céline tu es toute une dame...
❤️❤️
Incredible. She is beyond awesome.
# All states strong
Belo gesto. Parabéns!!!
love my canadian woman....Bravo Céline !.......
Love you Celine.😊😊❤❤❤
beautiful speech!! #VegasStrong
Thank you for being the best road trip companion a girl could ever want!  nothing beats rolling down the windows, singing American Girl, open road ahead
RIP Tom Petty. You left us way too soon....
This one hit me the hardest, second only to John Lennon.
So sad and yet grateful that I lived through his career.  Safe journey Tom.
Whoever recommended this for me thanks🙆😂😘
RIP!!!
Rip we will Shure miss you
obrigado mel deus nao quero dinheio so paz
Saw Tom and the guys play 25 years ago , easily the best gig I've been to, and I've been to dozens and dozens . will be sorely missed.
Tom Petty was a helium balloon in a world of heaviness. And now he flies out of sight into the heavens above.
Back in the day when musicians actually played instruments and performed, and he did it oh so well......a lost art <3
this song was played in a popular thriller movie. I always think of that movie when i hear this song. what movie was it?  hint-late 80's early 90's
Rest In Peace, Tom. I'm only thirteen years old, but you were still my childhood idol. I remember listening to you and singing along when I was very young. I will surely miss you
RIP, Tom... your music is E T E R N A L !!!!
I love you Tom Petty you’re the best singer ever
Thank u for Rocking our world, rest in Peace Mr.Petty...
Soaring in the Universe with the Gang.  XO Tom
Greatest songs , came from him. Dearly missed .
May you Rock in Heaven!
i'm crying watching this... one of my favourite TP songs. i can remember being alone and desperate, and just listening to this over and over and over again one night. It got me through it... TY,  Tom Petty! RIP...
This one hurt, goodbye Tom Petty...
Another great artist who will be greatly missed
Thank you Tom for all the great music ...RIP
Thank you for great music Tom. R.I.P.
Was so sad to have heard the news. I loved your voice Tom Petty,  may your spirit be alive and well
OMG, who are the monsters at the tables?  Thank you for that song, Tom.
Two words.. The Best...................
No one over 30 yrs of age can't say that a piece of them didn't die with Tom Petty. He created America's soundtrack.
RIP to one of the greatest musicians ever!
American Girl seems, to me, in the spirit of The Byrds.  He was great at adopting a style for just one song e.g. you'd be forgiven for thinking that Learning to Fly is a George Harrison-penned song, a big friend, icon of a man let alone as a personality and performer, who also liked 50s music, and fellow Travelling Wilbury of course.
Thanks for the history of rock and roll
True musical legend RIP
*IVO`s MAGIC WORLD* presents *MUSIC HISTORY GUIDE -  FAMOUS DEATHS* - *HOMAGE to TOM PETTY* - *R.I.P., DEAR TOM!!! (OcToBeR 2nd, 2017)*
I m going to miss him.
I've listened to Tom Petty sing since I was 18 years old; I'm 59 now. I'm saddened to know the rest of my journey on this earth will be without him ... but I still have all of his previous cds to listen to along the way. He made my life - and this world - more beautiful and bearable with his immense talents. Thank you for sharing your gifts with us all. Rest in Peace. You earned it. <3
Godspeed man- You were well loved!
Who are the mindless, shallow dickheads that gave this a thumbs down? Really?
Just saw him in Boston. Didn't sound any different then 20 30 years ago. Amazing! You will be deeply missed
one of the best sad to see him leave us so soon great   spirit love  his music
Your music got me through some really tough times Mr. Petty. Albums like Full Moon Fever, Into The Great Wide Open, Wildflowers, Echo, your earlier music and of course the albums you made with The Traveling Wilburys. I could always count on you just like an old friend. I'm going to be sad for a while, but who knows? Maybe I'll get to see you again at the Great Rock 'N Roll Concert in The Sky.
sorry all I think about is it puts the lotion in the basket
R.I.P. and thanx for all!!!
Good by tommy you hearts❤
farewell big friend, see you in heaven
I think he looked worse at that time (2002) than the later videos I have seen.
Tom Petty.........one of the greatest artists.  He left us so many gifts and treasures in his music. A story teller with a  brilliant way to tell them.  His music will be enjoyed forever. 💔
Tom was the man. Quick tribute to him https://youtu.be/URvULdzvdmU
Words can't describe his talent and PASSION for what he loved.  A great legend will be missed. Thanks for all the songs that we can always listen to. Thinking of his family also.
Six, six, six the number of the beast.
thanks tom for hanging tuff with me in the hard times your music is greatly appreicated
Rest in peace.Rock n roll,Tom petty.
Yes we will always miss him loved his music to .
Great artist.I learned to sing my favorite song at Karaoke,Free Fallin way before u passed away.Did it for the first time several weeks ago and I was surprised I could hit your pitch when  u sang I’m freeeeee,free fallin.I’ll always be in my repritore of Karaoke songs.
Rest in Peace Tom Petty (1950-2017)
Rock and Roll heaven just gained another great one.  We will continue to celebrate you and your wonderful songs and music <3
I had tickets to see Tom Petty and the band for a special show next week, I wonder if it will be canceled?
He already looked so aged, and this was fifteen years ago. Somehow his passing makes sense. RIP
Mary Jane's Last Dance \nI hear Crosby, Stills Nash & Young, The Beatles & Dillon Wow!!!
I love you❤️ thank u so much for everything, rest in peace x
His voice sounds so awful compared to the studio recorded version.
Great & Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
R.i.p Tom petty you shall be missed
So many great songs!!  You will be missed!!!
From all of us American Girls, who dream about there being more to life than what is offered to us...thank you Mr Petty for your brilliant lyrics and endless life sound track....
thank you.\nthank you.\nyour songs is my treasure.\nR.I.P.
Love from India ❤️❤️
Thank You Tom Petty! \nWhat you've left us will rock on in our hearts, in our souls, (& in our ears! ;-)
You really did break our hearts this time :(
Every American boy's dream:\nOh yeah, all right \nTake it easy baby \nMake it last all night \nShe was an American girl\nTom, you were the American Boy for me. RIP my brother
I miss him :( this is just makes me cry💔
Thanks for the great music, Tom!
I fist him ,I thought  the  Byrd  were  back, I just  back from  Nam\n\nthanks Tom
I.  Grew.  Up.  Listening to.  Tom. Petty 😰
So Refreshing to see ACTUAL Musicians. RIP Tom.
“God it’s so painful, that something that’s so close is still so far out of reach”......\nOne of the best lines, from one of his best songs.Be at Peace, Mr. Petty.
SO SAD TO SEE TOM MOVE ON TO HIGHER GROUND , A MUSICAL GENIOUS WHO WILL SURELY MISSED BY US ALL , REST EASY TOM
We were lucky to see you at London Hyde Park BST less than 2 months ago, what a privilege. Condolences to your family. x
Who in GOD'S NAME IS GIVING THIS A THUMBS DOWN THUMBS DOWN?!!  REALLY...........YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES BETTER SMARTING UP, WTF!!! TOM, YOU WILL BE SORELY MISSED, but Thank you for GIVING US SUCH PHENOMENAL MUSIC. You've left us with a WONDERFUL LEGACY TO REMEMBER YOU BY,  You were also a GREAT HUMANITARIAN,  Helping the Homeless as well as many other Causes.  THANK YOU TOM....................R.I.P.  🎸❤💚❤
Pra esquecer ou para lembrar, ouçam  Traveling Wilburys, Handle with care.
God my heart still hurts
great video . icon
Rest in peace
descansa en paz.cabron...
Tribute to Tom Petty: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjdUDs64pBU
Goodbye Tom !!!
rip tom
RiP #TomPetty
[']
Stan Lynch?
injustice..Tom dead,Trump lives.Rest eternaly in peace
Thank you Tom, we're heartbroken...
😔
Rip
El rock sufre otra gran perdida. Tom Petty tu musica seguira viviendo . Gracias por lo que nos diste.
RIP Tom Petty.
Best American Song\nhttp://ecut.io/rdqiL
Perfection.
Just beyond belief. HEARTBROKEN.
Goodbye Tom...R.I.P...::((
Thank you, thank you, thank you! RIP. Well done.
Hey #VIPs & #NotificationSquad!! So, I'm gonna be honest.. I still can't get over the fact that I accidentally created a pencil with *eight* sides instead of six. 🙈😳 But, mistakes happen and that's all a part of learning! 😊 So, to help me feel like I'm NOT alone, share your own cake horror stories with me BELOW! 👇👇👇
Its a easter egg
Coconut dirk cake?
#listarefun
ITS A COCONUT CAKE
Some kinda drank in a coconut 💁🏻
coconut cake with straw
pleasa make a beautiful grape cake
It's a rattle
Coconut cocktail cake #cakequiz
Coconut
coconut
skittles cake?
Make a notebook cake since you love lists so much
😎#ListsR.cool
a coconut cup cake\nlike the ones in Hawaii
#listarefun👍👍😻
It’s one of those tropical coconut cocktail things
Has anyone ever been able to literally hear a sound that's being described and it actually hurts your ears? Yolanda describing how the metal scrapping on the paper just made my ears hurt because I was able to actually hear it
yeah is a coconut thing
It's a coconut cake
The cake is a coconut cake
green hawaii cake
It's a coconut cake
Coconut drink with a straw cake
# lists are fun
a coconut
#LISTSAREFUN AND THATS A COCONUT CAKE!!!!
#listsarefun
A coconut drink cake
coconut
#listsarefun
Pins colada in a coconut with an umbrella
#ListsAreFun !!!!!!!!
Coconut cake obviously 😂😂
#lists are fun
coconut cake \nHawaii theme #cakebookquiz!
Cocanut
#ListsAreFun
#cakebookquiz\nIt’s a coconut cake
A coconut cut open so you can drink the water!
You should make a giant ruler cake it would be awesome!
Can you make a Minecraft cake
Its a coconut drink cake #cakebookquiz
That looks like a totally cute young coconut drink cake. I am thinking you probably made it with coconut cake.How fun!
Pina colada drink cake.
The cake is a carved coconut with a drink in it, and a straw
I have a question about the pink icing, is it bitter? If not how do you get it that way? I guess that 2 questions
#listsarefun
1hour of day eating\n8 hours sleeping \n12 hours chilling
@howtocakeit it is a Piña Colada!!!
Its a green coconut cake
Coconut
Key lime cake?
ITS A COCONUT !!! TROPICAL VIBEESSSS
Make a game controller
I love your chanel you are awesome
My son, Trey, is dying to see a candy cane cake for Christmas/his birthday (12/28)
You should make a giant cheese cake made of cheesecake😊😊 I love your videos btw!! Youre amazing😊😊😊
A coconut?
It’s a beachy coconut cake!
The graphite tip would have looked better if it was a cone shape like an actual pencil
#listarefun
Apple or coconut
Coconut drink
Make a bananas kaye
The face she made when she found out she put the wrong number of sides on the cake was my face when my Mom my said I was adopted. Lol jk 😂.... or am I🤔🤔
It's a coconut
It's a coconut 😃
#listarefun 😂😂😂
#LISTSAREFUN
Yeah \nFinally I got it
Coconut. cake
#listsarefun
Hey, your channel is really great and I watch every Tuesday, but i feel like your ideas for cakes are going downhill. Like it went from burger cakes and pizza cakes and bb8 cakes to pencils and a giant pb and j sandwich. I am not saying that your videos are getting worse, but they are not as good as they used to be. But I will always watch your videos every Tuesday whether they are something like ... a giant chair( couldn't think of anything) to something awesome like a bb9e cake. You know what that would be awesome, can you do a bb9e cake in December for the last jedi? it would be so cool if you did.
I loooooove penicils and cake
#listsarefunHaha ur do funny
A coconut cake
#ListsAreFun
#cakebookquiz ITS A COCONUT
COCONUT
WHU WAS SHE POKING THE CAKE!?!?!? 8:48
It looks like a coconut drink with a straw, flower, and umbrella. 🌺🏝
Please make a Daft Punk helmet cakes!!!!!!
2 things first off #ListsareFun and second it's a green coconut
It’s a coconut
has she done a taco cake yet if  not #TACO if you think this super cool lady should make one
Coconut
A Christmas Ball is the cake from your book I think
Make an iphone cake
List are fun
Lists are fun
#lists are fun
nailed it...
Coconut cake
PLEASE MAKE AN IPHONE CAKE
#listsarefun
If you want to see Jocelyn's face go here  https://youtu.be/URJZ20jYj9I want proof its her look at the tattoo ...thank me later
I think it’s a Christmas ornament!
#ListsAreFun
Complex take this L
HOMENBOY IS GONNA LIKE GET IT
Don't talk like that.....please....just don't you  know why
if homeboys comin thru w *these* its quiet... but if he comes thru with *these* homeboys gonna like *get it*
who taught her to talk like that? she sounds dumb af constantly repeating herself
Pretty sure Bella is attracted to Joe :p
why is she talking like a 21 jump street agent
also that this vid is presented by white famous hahah
this is painful as shit to watch
2:20 YOU ARE NOT A TRUE SNEAKER HEAD IF THIS DIDNT HURT YOU INSIDE 😩
She's one thing in pictures ... but in real life, i didn't imagine her like this at all
me and my dope homeboys in the house
lol they turned her into a meme
I came here to understand the meme but I don’t get it?!
Sneakers can't be dirty and fresh 😂 she tried it
lmaoo i fuckin love how her whole homeboy thing is a meme now
Damn y'all comment trolls are degrading as fuck. Y'all just really wanna hate famous people.. fall back
Only here because the memes 😂😂
the memes brought me here
she should stick to walking down runways
If this bitch says homeboy one more time
She is so hot but this was a huge turnoff
next minute she'll go ma name jeff
She tryna smash HOMEBOY tell me she ain’t . \nCome see my closet\nYou gotta see my closet
Hearing a white chick say homeboy, dope, and sick a trillion times was cringey
i feel bad that she’s this retarded 😕
so this is where the meme came from 💀
Tbh don't know who this bitch is...
you think she does coke
I'm gonna like....get it
why this white sour cream creasing the shoes 2:20 😖
I can hear the sneaker heads crying @2:20
Dope and homeboy wtf is she doing.... the cringe is real and her outfit and hair is fugly. Is she going to throw a yo, yo, wassup sickest shit homeboy it's going to be dope. Drops a dab and chin nod while grabbing her crotch. \n\nRappers, models, and bb players is she a Kardashian, lol. Poor girl is trying to be what she thinks is trendy... its not.
she looks like a leg amputee in the thumbnail lmao
you know she doesn't dress herself
She's trying too hard to be hip
That’s why Abel left her ass smh
How do you guys feel when a rich white girl is appropriating your culture?
how many times does she say you know what
homeboy's gonna like... get it
Can y’all get teyana taylor on here please?
She's the only model that doesn't look like a skeleton
Rest In Peace to those J's, she creased the shit outta them
Just remember: When you're screaming and shouting about Trump, Puerto Rico, climate change, war, poverty... Just remember that THIS woman is idolized by HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS of young girls, some whom might get smarter, but many are fucking lost. That's a real tragedy. It's sneakers. Get over it.
She said dope fresh and homeboy within a 10 second span... this shot should be illegal
H O M E B O Y  I S  C R I N G I N G.
Wow, her acting is as good as her walk
2:22 made me want to kill myself
this one of the funniest things ive seen in mad long
i think im braindead after watching 2 minutes of this
he handled that well
more proof white people truly adore black people asa culture...they just hate us because they could never truly be us, only emulate us
IF HOMEGIRL COMES THRU WITH THE RESTRAINING ORDER IT'S QUIET, BUT IF SHE COMES THRU WITH THE RAVEN'S HOME SCRIPT HOMEGIRL'S GNA GET IT.
if homegirl comes through with kylie cosmetics on then its quiet but if homegirl comes through with fenty beauty homegirls gonna like get it
We need Dave East up in this bitch
The definition of a culture vulture. Fucking cringe.
me trying to fit in.
I laughed when she kept saying homeboy LOL
if homeboy is coming thru with these...its quiet LOOL
god damn becoming a meme lol
I audibly cringed at 2:20
Homeboy's gonna like, get it lmao
Say dope one more time
bish, say homeboy or dope again!!!! 👋💥
If homeboy comes thru with THESE
lil pump next
Homeboys gonna get it
air maxes out here
Homeboy is gonna get it
“yeAesAsssS, lEtss GooOoO”
Did Joe smash tho?
Fuck this cunt
Damn nigga thats 2 months rent!
Gross.
Twitter brought me here
She high asf 😂😂😂😂
homeboys gonna like get it
SHE CREASED THE 1s
Try not to cringe
1:32. You're welcome.
get cardi b on here
Homeboys gonna like....get itttttttt
Pause at 2:21
Cringy
Fucking cringe worthy to the air maxxx
2:20 OMG THAT KILLED ME
she cute af
DO A LOGAN PAUL SNEAKER SHOPPING
🤢🤢🤢🤢
dope dope dope......
she basic as shit
Homeboys gonna like... get it...
Cringeee 😂😂
Bella, WHO is homeboy?
yikes
SHE SMILES LIKE SHE SAID LIKE THE DOPEST SHIT ABOUT HOMEBOY
im ded she talks like an undercover cop
Do one wit a sneaker YouTuber (Qias Omar)
LIZZZZZAAAAAAA FREAKEN KOSHYYYYYYYY
ok but .. i can't believe she had the audacity to crease the shoes at 2:20
FUTURE ARDEN KILLED ME 😂
excuse me but that hot pink lip was actually stunNING ON YOU
she reminds me of the girl in girlboss
Strong 80's vibe and you looked dang good 😍
YOUR APPARTMENT LOOKS SO BEAUTIFUL
that lip was everything...i wish you would have showed all 3 though. I'm buying the PR package for sure! I'm buying it for my 11 yo as her first makeup kit but that Tote is MINE!! 😂
Why haven't I ordered those yet? 😭 so cute...!
I love how you state your genuine opinions! & babe you’re at 40 on trending omg!!
The pink suits u! And the eyeshadows with it!! Xxxx
Gorgeous!
I really wanted her to do the purple lip and more of a darker look. DO ANOTHER ONE!!!!
I feel like at this point KickThePJ owns that background music
omg where are your hoops from?? i've been trying to stray away from the typical big thin hoops trend but lowkey keep the hoop trend part -- those earrings are beautiful!!
I aim to be as dependable and supportive as future Arden
If this was hello kitty, it would have been for you
who else just watched for arden and has no intention of purchasing this collection oops
What did you have on your lips before you took it off?
I don't think I would layer gloss over a matte formula 🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈 it's gonna break down the matte lip!!
Where is your top from
Arden, you beautiful unicorn, what was that red lipstick you were wearing at the start? Also, could you do a look with that dark purple + gold lip sometime? I'm curious to see how they go together. 💖
arden you kill me you are hands down my fave
GOD THIS WAS SO BEAUTIFUL
Thank GOODness they used the original artwork. This makes me so dang happy 😊
Does anyone know if the collection is limited addition?
Check Out this music Artist name Marvell Cue. He dope with the music. Don't miss the wave of his music. He a producer so he's beats are dope. He dropped his new EP called Drowning my songs. Purchase yours on ITUNES: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/drowning-my-songs/id1289043546 or CD BABY: https://store.cdbaby.com/cd/marvellcue\nFollow his other social media accounts:\nInstagram: http://www.instagram.com/amarvellouscue/\nSoundcloud: www.soundcloud.com/marvellcue\nSpotify: https://open.spotify.com/album/61RqcAz7jWDkRQz8DXXbYp\nYoutube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYEmU5x3BbdEuEZLi6i2mqg SUBSCRIBE TO HIS CHANNEL AND SHARE HIS MUSIC ON YOUR PAGE
I got this stuff for freezies because I'm one of those assholes lmaooo
Literally everything about this collection is beyond incredible. 😍
I'm so jealous, I want all of this, everything is SO CUTE!!!
I really want to try this makeup 💖
Please make a song favorites or a playlist video
if you love 80'5 and 90's stuff check out - color club - shes an amazing youtuber
love u so much
UM HI YES LOVE THIS CONTENT
...My goddaughter actually has that print as a coat :p
You remind me of my APUSH history teacher. She's funny
So many possible looks with that eye shadow pallet!
💜💜💜💜 I want all this!
Love the music (very kickthepj-esque)!
Omg I didn't even know this was a thing 😍😍😍😍 s/o youuuu Arden!
I don't even wear make up but I had so much fun watching this!
I love the color in this
I will watch this over and over
the red lipstick kILLED ME
Helloooo, how much is the tote bag? yo girl is trying to cop it   
you are honestly my favorite, keep rockin
your earrings are so gorgeous!! where are they from??
THIS WAS SO EXCITING AND NOW I WANT IT SO BAD. I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW I WANTED IT UNTIL NOW
casually appreciating your beauty + all the colors 🍒
Wish the shadow colors were more bright and matte 😔
The lips look great!!! You look so beautiful what the hell Arden
i mean listen... SHE'S PINK!!
Omg I spent the whole video trying to figure out if the posters in the back where from Firewatch and I was like probably not and then when Future Arden said I got you I just lost it. I loved that game
Lololololoved the video! 💕
🕷🐨🐻🥅🚂🚓🚚🚚🐚🐛🐱🦁🐷📦📐🌖🌒🦑️🍀🐋🦆🍊🍜🍄🌻🐀🐋🐅🐲🐄🍪🍎🍇🥙⚽🥊🐻🐼🐻🐌🐜🐼🐚🐎
i bought the whole PR bundle because of this vid <3
Arden, that is not what gregarious means. Still love you tho
You look very fresh in this video, like you barely have makeup on. I love it. Plus i recently saw on instagram you saying that you don't have as many views as you used to. I've been watching you for at least two years and to be honest except for the times when you wouldn't upload for like a month or something (which is understandable because you were shooting) i've really enjoyed watching your videos and that hasn't changed. I can imagine that you are not happy with this situation and i hope you start getting as many views as you used to. I'm actually writing all of this because i would like to give you examples of the videos i love watching so that you can have the idea of what attracts people (or at least me lol). I feel like you do too many hauls and i know a lot of people love them and maybe that's just my opinion but a few hauls of the glasses or lingerie might get a little boring after a while. I love watching kind of sit and talk videos where you share some of your experiences and maybe a storytime. I remember you used to make a lot of those a few years ago where you would sit and drink tea and just talk about interesting things that are important to you. I don't want you to feel like i'm intruding because it's really not what i'm trying to do. I'm sorry this comment is so long but i hope you take the time to read it and maybe reply? You have no idea how much i would appreciate that. It would mean a lot to me if you wrote what you think about my ideas. I love you Arden, have a good day xx
The red lipstick you are wearing is AMAZING! What colour is it? I absolutely need it
That pink lip rly wasn't that crazy? Lol. And tbh I felt the bright pink kinda suited you more than the red you were wearing before! Idk I feel the cooler tones are nicer.
do you ride a little pony?
Two things, first love your aesthetic girl, i would pick you as a friend because the way you talk about objects as they were people 💘
Would love to see a chit chat/advice video sometime in the near future xo
Heya Fellas! This Is Brilliant! I Got 𝔽𝕣𝕖𝕖 $𝟚𝟝𝟘 𝕀𝕥𝕦𝕟𝕖𝕤 ℂ𝕠𝕕𝕖𝕤 Here – >  #Claimyourfreepromocode
Does Arden draw all the little things she adds to her videos?...
Some kinda beautiful lady you are....
Did she say she doesn't know many people that would wear a pinky purple lipgloss? Really??
You are a lot more relaxed in this video. You are doing something you are genuinely interested in and enjoy which makes for a better video!
Where are your earrings from?
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
I love how she would wear the pony print packaging as a coat but she thought a pink lip color would be too much
Hey girly! New subby just wanted to let you know Moschino just did a my little pony collection ss18 they might have done coat lol
How tf is this on trending
love your earrings + necklace
Those lipsticks looks AMAZING on you!
you are gorgeous
LOVE THIS
I loved this
This line looks awesome!
I need this
Welp. I'm subbing \n\n\n\n\n\nShe's so adorable omg xD
Hi Arden! (ohmygodyouaresocute) Love your video!
you’re so CUTE
Haaaaa I adore the future Arden parts
Woohoo! Trending :-)))
I WANT EVERYTHING!!!
Ardennn please please share where your accessories are from! (earring, necklace, ring) NEED THEM! thank you xx
I'm a child of the 80's and am extra super excited to get this! This is the first video of yours I have seen. Loved it :)
omg the packaging is adorable
ColourPop Ultra Matte Swatch/Reviews https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm5HaEH5Zjc
Omg I miss your short hair!!! 😍
the packaging is soooo cute
Fucking love you
I want that freaking tote bag bitch! 😋😍
um you're kind of a bitch lol
you remind me so much of jessica day from new girl in this video !!!!
That necklace is amazing, does anyone know where it's from?
Does anyone know where she got the posters in the background?
I'm only watching this because I like hearing your voice and admiring your face.
Ps. do you use that to tone back your  masculinity?
MOMMY YOU'RE TRENDING!!!!
No one give a fuck
She only cares about the controversy because she got dragged by EVERYBODY. We all have our differences, but we as human beings came together and collectively dragged her. I hope she donated the money that she got from the commercial.
I hate that happened to her ....
People are so sensitive now a days omg it wasn’t that deep
KENDALL JENNER NO 1 IN THE HISTORYYYYYYY OF THE HISTORYYYYYYY OF THE HISTORYYYYYYY OF THE HISTORYYYYYYY OF THE HISTORYYYYYYY :)))))))))
Your whole family is offensive to America so save your tears when you get fat and lose your modeling career and have to resort to get pregnant to a black rapper to stay relevant.
This is American royalty? Bastard child of England.
Fuck me this is some top flight reporting.
Because you are stupid kendall😝😝
Lying sack of shit. Reality TV at its lowest. First time I'm glad Trump is President.
She upset all you can do is be nice and stop being 50 year olds behind a computer screen dissing on her
tbh the commercial was ok people are just being sensitive these days lmao
Why was that commercial so offensive?
they talk like such stupid insincere fake hoes that r out of touch with reality
I don't like the Kardashians at all why do people like them 😖😖😕
But she did ignore it so,
She's not crying because she's sorry, she's crying because her image got tarnished.
You guys need to seriously stop hating on Pepsi and Kendall. They both would appreciate if all of the world stop giving them a crap. Here's a solution: Everyone can shut up their rude donut holes and get it over with. You should be glad it's not you going through that
because you are stupid...
When are you going to apologize for the Vogue India cover BITCH
How is this shit bad? I seriously don’t understand
But you knew what u were doing like da fuq u mean?? She's not the only to blame...to all the people that participated in that ad from the Pepsi team to the actors in the ad are just fucking stupid
that fucking lip job is ugly as shit
Aww cmon leave her alone, I know what they did was wrong but cmon it’s just a Pepsi commercial. Go flame the CEO who made trillions of dollars instead of the Victoria’s Secret angel.
Kendall is one of the shadiest people ever. She made fun of Kylie's lips yet look at her now! Lmfao what a joke.
Wth she was so pretty before but she doesn't look good anymore.
She doesn't care about people's safety or if anyone gets hurt or not... She forget we've seen her driving?
Not a fan of Kendall, but wtf it's just an ad. This generation is so fukin retarded, making issues everyday about something.
Umm.... shouldnt the person who made it not star in it apologize? unless she made the damn commercial, funded it, wrote it, etc seems like she just wants it to be about her... actors never know what the story is or full script, theyre just given lines and told to act
Everytime they do something wrong (like putting their faces with music icons without asking or being a part of a stupid commercial) they don't apologise they just say oh it wasn't my intention i'm sorry *fake tears*\nthey need to stfu and thank god if they are famous and rich without doing anything.
oh my goddddd life must be so hard :'(
Who cares. Men just wanna see the booty
Why would anyone blame her and not Pepsi? It's not like she's the one who wrote the commercial. \nIt's like blaming Harrison Ford and not Spielberg for kingdom of the crystal skull.
The kardashians is what everything is wrong with the world
This commercial seems to be more innocent than people are twisting it to be. If your automatic thought is racism, then maybe you're the racist. all I saw in this commercial, what I CHOSE to see was the fact that something so simple can bring people from all sorts together. This isn't a hate commercial. Seems more like everyone is really sensitive.
Kim  ''This is the first time you had a scandal''
As a British person who doesn't know who this girl is I would just like to say god bless America!
Instead of empathizing with those that felt this was wrong, the chosen approach was to cry and make this about her.
why should anyone feel stupid for cracking open a cold one with the boys ?!!!
MAYBE SHE JUST NEEDS SOME PEPSI 😂😂
everyone: “THE PEPSI COMMERCIAL IS SO OFFENSIVE!!1”\nme: “yeah ok but why though?”\neveryone: “......... THE PEPSI COMMERCIAL IS SO OFFENSIVE!!!”
This was so funny I shed a tear
What was wrong with the commercial?
How did it affect anyone though?she just gave some geezer Pepsi and fucked off
Fucking kardashians thinking they are so cool \nWhat's the difference between my family and there's \nNone \nThey are as average and boring as us \nThese twats get money for just living for no fucking reason \nDo I have a 10 Billion Fucking Mansion No\nDo I look like I have had so many Botox injections I look like mickey Rourke No \nWhy am I not famous \nBecause they are Totally interesting\nFuck them \nI have more of a life than those kardashian cunts
I don’t feel bad. You looked at the script you saw what the video was going to be about, yet you went with it. Cry me a river but I wouldn’t give a shit.
To all the people defending her, I think people do have a right to be offended. She appeared in an ad that did take the topic of police violence a light topic. So people are gonna get mad that she thought this ad was okay to be in.
Oh for God's sake leave the girl alone!
Oh life is so hard for you!! Bless your Armani socks !
honestly, kendall, people were not offended.. but why the fuck didnt nobody thought the symbolism of trying to use minorities concerns in the US  showing them just doing stupid shit in the streets, trying to sell the ideogram of capitalism  ( coca cola, pepsi)  in the hands of a very privilege girl that is the epitome of  vanity and everything wrong in entertainment... might be STUPID!!????
Her apology is so fake and pathetic.
Now let’s make a Las Vegas ad
For everyone saying she got her lips done look at her photos from fashion week Ker lips are normal
So since she was a part of she the ignorant bitch? But none of the other hundreds of people in it are? I think she was so excited because Pepsi asked if she wanted to be in a commercial wouldn't  any of us be excited?
At the end of the day she STILL makes way more than you guys make in a day! 🤷🏻‍♀️
I liked the ad. her giving the cop a Pepsi acknowledged that he's a human being too
Umm here was a mass murder a few days ago.. let's try not to worry about some pathetic over privileged celebrities.
Cool what acting classes is she taking?
honey this is months too late
looking forward to day this fucking family fade away like a bad case of the clap\nalways looking for sympathy all the time\nwhoever looks up to these idiots needs a good smack around the back of the head
Why are people lying like if they were gonna get paid 1000 they wouldn't do the commercial ? Foh .
Was my first time watching and thought who gives a shit lol
Why is it such a big deal
Kendall it's ok pepsi will solve everything, even your lips.
Nobody needs anything everybody is beautiful   ....... remember  that Kendall darling 😏
What the hell was wrong with the ad?
I’d cheer her up😋
My heart breaks when I see her cry..😗💔
I feel so bad for her
I watched the pepsi commercial and I don't understand why it's so bad and a scandal? Someone explain?
She didn't even apologize 😂😂😂 all she's worried about is how dumb she looked to the public. What a joke
go to hell bitch!
Y'all sencintive damn
Overrated...
Her lips.... wtf
😂
Lip fillers on fleek
hahahahaha
Tu sister es genial
FUCK ALL THE HATERS KENDALL🖕
Fuck this fucking bitch
Fake fake FAKEEEEEE
Her lips are clearly done lol
Good
LMAOOOOOOO
lol Skendall
Scandashians. .. what a life.
Her lips :(
Poor lass
Crocodile tears lol
no...kendall... your lips.. I mean, whyyyy:(
Give em a pepsi
Drink a pepsi
Poor thing <4
Grow up
Famous for fuck all useless fuckers
Why it cause controversy?
Bullshit
0:19 glad you understand something
Love kendall
Im a great comedian funnier than anyone you have ever seen i've gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
gucci is one of the best artist I hope one day he will hear about me and we can make great music together 🔥
bitch am offset and am about to set it off🔥🔥
CHECK THIS REMIX OUT OF THIS !!  https://soundcloud.com/hawmi/got-that-ft-goon-prod-metro-boomin-1
Gucci goes in hard on this track.
http://soundcloud.com/killboyxo/kill-boy-icewrist-prod-private go fw this I'm tryna get to 5k by wednesday
Takeoff's verse was still the best
GUCCI on fire right now and it doesn't look like the fire going to die any time soon
How does this fire have 1k  dislikes
Is it just me or does offset look older when he's in the bathroom
this is offset's song foh is you disagree
That was a hard ass collab
the amount of hoes damn
This song is bomb, enjoy this too https://youtu.be/PVjMimPkc08
*Met Gala* vs *I Get The Bag* who wins ?
wow! ill stick to country, help america!
Been waiting for this ish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTYMH7qPiDM&feature=youtu.be..yoyoyo I RECORD ALL MY OWN SHIT..AND MAKE ALL MY VIDEOS...CHECK OUT MY LATEST SONG WRITTEN AND RECORDED TODAY !!! ADELE REMIX HELLO!!
like this metro boomin is the best prod
IVE BEEN SAYING IT SINCE SO ICY GUCCI MANE IS ONE OF THE BEST RAPPERS TO DATE HANDS DOWN.
Should of been offset met gala ft Gucci mane
Fuck this song I came for the video.
i just want 5 minutes with this bitches, dear god...
It's cool to see offset featured in things
This offset’s song
Drop top wop but the top is up
this song makes me want to take a shower then take a shit
that sound, very top, only the monster👏🎼🎵🔥🔥
Why does it sound like Bad and boujee
gucci has the same sweater canelo had on..  the is song is straight 🔥 tho!!
who is here before the 100m?
i restarted offset part a million times...still have not reach gucci part yet
WAVEY!
Quavo  00:57
Gucci Robin outfit. Too much sauce
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=R9-oriogwDo
Bitchhhh
🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💪🏾
offset fucking killed this shit
https://youtu.be/wYeKq7Fqkrc
How Guwops teeth that white ??
https://youtu.be/EnZ-96FaFv0
Bad ass bro
Fiiiinnallly
Fxkin metro🔥
Fire! 🔥
Trying to copy migos
Out Now On Spinrilla https://spinrilla.com/mixtapes/rob-216-time-is-money
my nigga good night
Offset ghostwriting for Migos.
should be offset ft gucci
💀🎧
Shit bangs hard
Fire
Offset 🔥🔥🔥🔥
YOUR BITCH SHE WANTIN THE PIPE, AIGHT!
00:36 bad cgi
google gala ancient egypt
Offset always been the nicest #migogang
Offset freestyled this shit
OFFSET LEARNT A LOT FROM QUAVO
Ayyyyee ookaaay!!❤️🔥🔥
BR?
I always thought this song was better than I get the bag.
offset be icy with that ice. 🔥catch me on ig thou : tanaaaaaaaaaa_
Offset is the new Juicy J on steroids.
+1 who thinks this is better than I get the bag
Offset's low key better then QUAVO
That boy os killing it
Finaly !\nThis song should be on the top of the charts 🔥
daaaammnn Offset just keeps getting better i think this was the craziest verse i eva herd him spit
Finesse a nigga an then get his shit right...SIKE.. NIIGGA GOODNIGHT 😱... Offset you is lethal ✔
I forgot this was a Gucci song honestly
https://soundcloud.com/shadmane/purchase if you got two minutes give it a listen you won;t be disappointed
FINALLY THE MUSIC VIDEO IVE BEEN WANTING!! they killed this
When a rap song is too boring to get thru watching a bunch a girls shake their asses. The MCs are not doing their thang.. cmon yall!
no song in 2017 will never fuck with this beat
How is it feat offset and the dude sang like the whole track..
Offset needs to stay off the set
JESUS LOVES YOU.  HE is the ONLY and LIVING GOD. He Wants to help you. He is your Savior. If you are tired of everything, pray to Him. He will hear and answer you. HE IS YOUR FATHER....
I aint gon lie. There are some beautiful women in this video. Its definitely woptober 🔥🔥🔥🔥
NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM NIGGERFAGGOT FUCK BLM
This video is dope
HOLY CRAP
Offset sounds like Migos
Offset  got on cardi b chain ... Relationship goals lol
Bruh offset killin it
((((track is a banger))))
Dope song........Gucci Mane ft ÖFFŠÉŤ
* Offset (feat. Gucci Mane)
Youtube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100
🔥🔥 \n      instagram  @v.cy96
🔥🔥🔥💪😎
Sanders - Guwop 2020
beautiful.song.
OFFSET feat Gucci Mane
offset came a long fuckn way
fire
Gucci mane Fuk da clothing line1017💲🔌🔫
0:59 o shi thought that was my nigga Quavo lmao
Seria meu sonho vierem para o Brasil?
why does the blonde sister look like a giraffe
I love them, but they make too many of these kinds of videos.
I love it when you Haim sisters dance!!
y’all make me feel so sassy and happy!!! love my queens who invented walking and dancing
love how each sister has their own distinct style!
Well this simply brightened up my day!
gotta say the mixes are also pretty great!!!!!
Nothing but respect for my presidents.
Haim be kicking out the jams. I fuck with it.\n\nP.s. Alana is wifey.
Bloodpop remix is better!!
Yeeeeeeeesssssss🙌🏻🙌🏻💖💖
great song, bad lip syncing
I nEED to see them dance with LANY!
they made me want to dance too
i love this so fucking much
I had sex with all 3 & then i woke up
It's unfortunate that girl groups don't get successful unless they make overtly sexual music.( Fifth harmony or little mix)  Haim are pure talent.
This project, like the feature movie La La Land, was acquired on 35mm film with old fashioned Hollywood filmmaking techniques with great results, in this case the Saturday Night Fever look which can be appreciated when viewed on big screen TVs with big sound. Let’s hope more new, young producers, directors, and performing artists keep this in mind when they have the budget for this great traditional craft option to electronic cinema. By keeping it alive it supports production businesses and trains people so they can acquire the skills and keep the jobs they love.
this is my new fave musical
They hit the floor again haha
I find myself wondering if the entire band would implode if one of them decided to get a haircut. Or even a hairstyle.
there is nothing cool about los angeles
Reminded me of that Fiona Apple video where she dances with those small kids dressed in suits. PTA <3
Dig the 80's sound, keep it coming!
Great talent.  Stevie Nicks made a great impression on this band and it shows.  Rock on!\nhttps://www.facebook.com/stevienickstribe/
I'm in love. AGAIN!
I suddenly want to become a HAIM sister.
This is adorable!! I love these girls!!
This is that Punch-Drunk Love feel from PTA
0:28 What happened here? It looks like they have ALL lost weight. Why? I liked them before...because the music is good. They didn't need to do this. Especially 0:28!
The lights turning on at 2:55 is awesome.
1:03 Alana running in the background to get in to the position lol. Great video.
Glad I'm not the only women with hair like this xx
QUEENS OF WALKING QUEENS OF DANCING QUEENS OF BEING SISTERS TITS OUT FOR HAIM
I love this video. They are very talented.
This song and video feel like such a great nod to early 2000s pop and I'll definitely learn the choreography just like I did to Bewitched's 'C'est la vie'
isn't this that one scene in the hannah montana movie
This song makes me think that the good times are not the ones that stayed in the past, but what we do at any moment.
01:34 great part of the song!
They always have fun in their videos. I love these ladies. 😘
They're great musicians and they can dance also.
envyyy 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 i wish i have sisters like 'em
YouTube actually recommended something good for once.
Was that Este’s Bassface making an appearance at 2:31?
this was so cute! love itttttt
Queens of Walking
That was fun!
wtf iz thiz? reallyz?
Yes yes yessss!!! Lovin' it!! ^.^
Loving this vibe!  They took like they had a blast!
What a boring song.
Este is 'leggy' in the best way possible
the Want You Back music video is quivering
Return of good music
Haim i am an indian and i bet i never loved any foreign band this much
Very creative video clip! Its the same style as 'Want  You Back' video and I adore it! 💖💓
wowwww!!!!love it
This is tooooooo cuteeee
ALANA EU TE AMOOOOO
refreshing music
LANY & HAIM WILL BE LEGENDS💖❤💛
BOOGIE NIGHTS YAAAAAY
Maravilhosas.
Ummm who tf is Haim and why are they on my feed????
PLEASE GIVE PHILIPPINES A LITTLE OF YOUR LOVE HAIM! :)
white music. Thank you.
yall make walking and dancing effortless
this is a damn good video.
It’s fun and it’s awesome 👏🏻 Hail Haim!
I always get freaks and geeks vibes from them/ their music videos
I know I am in love with you, because my reality is finally better than my dreams.
I love the simplicity of their videos. Great music, just the artists having fun & dancing. 🖒
Now we need a video for Nothing's Wrong.
queens of walking
❤️💛💚
Favorite yet!!!!!
They definitely invented walking. #truestorybro
This is curing my depression
só amo 💖
Alana forever !
☯ ♪♫•*¨*•.¸¸ Love it
YALL DID THAT
<3
❤
Maravilhosas 👏👏👏
love these girls
this is lovely
Love it wohoo
Danielle = Spencer Hastings 😊
looks like a zumba class
Este marry me <3
love this
LOVE THIS!!!
Love love!!!!!!!
Wow
sisturrrr kenapa ini enak banget lagunya??? jogetnya juga
❤
Natural! 👍
Gotta love these girls
Come back to Arsenal Cesc, a lot of us miss you
I'm an Arsenal fan, I think he's still a lying little greasy cunt.
LEGEND
What a fucking legend!
lol, imagine if there was a twist in this story and we found out it was actually van Persie who not only managed to frame Fabregas for throwing the pizza, but also went on to play under the man he threw it at
Only a la masia graduate can deliver a threaded pass with a slice of pizza. The true playmaker!
For all those triggered Arsenal fans, it’s just a joke. Relax 😂
To those who were bashing on Fabregas, He said he didn't mean to throw it to SAF.The situation was so intense back then in the tunnel.He saw both team players were fighting, He went back from the locker room and decided to join the party by throwing a goddamn pizza.But instead the pizza landed on SAF ,He did apologize to him though. Good guy SAF is still covering Fabregas's ass till this day.\nREPLY
Barcelona Reject... TWICE!! 😂😂😂
wtf
bring him home
😂😂😂
This guy has no class whatsoever.
I'm an Arsenal fan.. But I can't find anything funny to cheer febregas like that for what he has done.. Dude do u think throwing a pizza to a respectable manager in the premier league is pretty cool??  U should ask for apologies not admitting ur fault with this joyful face!!
😂😂
fuck fabregas dat disrespectful bitch.
Fooking wanker!
This video is about my personal exploration of what it's like to be a woman who also happens to be gay and half-Asian. If you're an AAPI woman, I would love to hear about your experiences in the comments below. Thank you in advance to anyone who decides to share. Our stories are important catalysts for conversation and the change we want to see in the world.
I feel the same way.
I love you so much, thank you for your authenticity. I'm so grateful I started watching your channel a few years ago when you came out. You inspire me to dig deep in to myself and be authentic in my own life❤
I’m half thai <3
Hi Ingrid! I was curious if you had ever seen or heard of the Thai movie Yes or No. It's about a young woman who falls in love with her college roommate, another woman. I haven't seen it myself, but I hear good things about it. There is also a second movie in the series.
I don't know how to say this ... ok ... we know you are gay, we accept it, we don't care, we love you, but why making so much videos putting the word gay like if gay people were different. They are not ! They are just like everybody else, I feel it separate more the gay community making videos just for  them  .
This was a really interesting video and I learn a lot, thanks!:*
Ahhh just realized Ingrid kinda looks like Dillion Harper!! Wasn’t able to put my finger on it for the longest time but finally! 😂
Seriously you need to get to the point. This video could have been 5 min long, too much rambling its probably why you're losing subscribers
Hi Ingrid! Longtime viewer, first time commenter. Genuinely loved the depth and perspective in this video. In a world with not enough books for ladies who love ladies, I'd like to recommend a book for you--Malena Watrous' If You Follow Me. The protagonist is an American woman who follows her girlfriend to to a small rural town in Japan to teach English. Equal parts tragic (read: TEARS), relatable (young love, man), and funny (so many book lols).
As a femme gay Asian girl I have been searching for YouTubers and celebs and books that I can resonate with. When I was confused about my sexuality a few years ago, I found it so hard to come to terms with it because I had not seen anyone like me and I felt like I had to fit that mold. I wish there were a lot more YouTubers like Ingrid. Two years ago when I was 11, seeing queer Asian women in the media would've helped me so much.
Why is Ingrid losing subs? Ingrid is a really nice person and isn't a 🍆🍌 like Jake Paul so I really don't understand. Can someone explain?
The dragon lady 😡 I hate that term so f-ing much
Thank you so much for making this video and adding to the conversation, Ingrid. As a half-Asian, feminine-presenting lesbian woman as well, I cried when you made your coming out video because I had never seen anyone like me in the media before. I felt like it let me know that it was okay to be me and I felt permission to be myself. Representation really does matter. Sending much love your way <3
How did I not know you were half Thai after all these years??? #fakefan I’m ashamed haha. It seems so apparent now that I know!
Hi Ingrid, check out Stanley Kwan's documentary Yang ± Yin and the books of female author Xu Xi. Both of these people are from Hong Kong, which is maybe the place in Asia where  people have been the most open to speak about roles and genders. Greetings from Europe!
Wow, Ingrid.  This is so well said - thank you for talking about this, I think it's extremely important.
I’m half Thai and half Caucasian too! Most people think I’m Polynesian or Latina. It’s amazing how we can all look so different. ❤️
Ingrid, this video really hit home to me.  My mom is biracial- half Thai and half Caucasian and I am part of the LGBT community.  Only being a quarter Thai, it didn't matter to me because I lived in a Thai household.  You are the first woman that I have really had that connection with and it really brought me to tears that I have somebody to relate to and you spoke about the problems that I face everyday.  Thank you so much for making this video.
While this is interesting, especially as it is intersectional it is important to realize that T is part pf LGBT, and that not all of those people identify as male or female and some still identify as gay/lesbian, not even that they are forced into binary categories but that it fits them better than the anything else for describing their sexual orientation/romantic orientation, I personally have found that lesbian is the best way to describe my sexuality even though I don't identify as female.
This is very eye opening, thank you for sharing 💗
Queer Asian girl? @15:10 why would anyone want to label them self Queer? You’re ladling yourself strange or odd even freakish, It’s a word I’ve always heard people spit out because they dislike guy people, correct me if I’m wrong but I didn’t think the word Queer was a gender.
I'm an asexual black woman who doesn't even know if I should identify with the LGBT/queer title. But I know exactly what you mean when it comes to the struggle of looking for intersectional material. Gay, PoC, AND female....it's like a conundrum
HI Ingrid, Enjoy my Yummy channel  KINGDOM OF Sweets  have a look and subscribe if you like :) Thanks Ingrid. Fabrice.
I 40% watched this just in the hopes you would use the portmanteau gaysian. 60% because you're a badass. Thanks for sharing your experience and research.
people are actually saying they don't think Ingrid is biracial/Asian? wow. that just means you grew up absorbing only certain images of half Alsian ppl. I knew Ingrid was part Asian when I first saw her years ago. My mom is half Asian but often passes for white. Ingrid, thank you for talking about subjects like these, I wish more beauty and lifestyle Youtubers talked about more serious topics from time to time!
This was a great video. Being an Asian woman is fucking hard, and I can only imagine how much harder it is being gay. I've been called exotic more times than I can count, I've been asked What are you? Chinese or Japanese?, I've been called a bitch because I speak up for myself when I'm objectified or cat-called.\n\nThank you for sharing your experience.
Hi, Ingrid. Have you listened to Nancy? It's a WNYC podcast hosted by a gay Asian man and a queer Asian woman and they talk about LGBT issues and tell LGBT stories. You may be able to find stories closer to your experience there.
Been following you for years, and I have to admit, would grow a little distracted when watching certain videos on materialistic topics. But when I hear you talking about topics like this, it reminds of why I follow you. THANK YOU for speaking out and being strong and showing courage. I love that you are constantly exploring and evolving and setting an example for others. Way to lead by example. You go girl! Can't wait to watch similar videos :) :) :)
Glad you made a video about this. I'm Japanese and Filipino, also gay. I get a lot of men trying to hit on me even if I say I'm gay. They either don't believe me or they have some weird Asian fetish 😣😣\nAlso got told to not tell anyone else. It was hard but I couldn't handle lying to people and being held back.
Thank you so much for making this, Ingrid! 💕😭 This is me too! I really needed to hear it.
You are so smart.  And that is all
Have you ever read the books by Amy Tan? They are fictional novels but encompass mainly interesting aspects about Asian-Americans (she does focus on Chinese), mother-daughter relationships, and relationships in general.
Very informative video! Thanks for contributing to the conversation.
I've been following your channel for a very long time and I always appreciate these types of videos. They show case your knowledge in such a brilliant way. Keep up the amazing work!
I literally had to sit through this long video to learn that she doesn't even have the dna results yet. 🙄😑
I want to try this but it's pretty expensive 💔 \nmaybe you could get us a discount code 🙈
Can't believe you're half Thai. I'm Thai and I'm so proud of  you.
You changed so much
OMG I'm your thai fan but I just know that you half Thai 😂
Dude, Malinda Lo is a good writer and her main characters are strong gay womyn.
Racism is a very difficult subject to talk about and I think you’ve done it justice but I also think that the things you speak about are not just subject to your race, white people also experience racism
This was beautiful and informative. I love all your videos, but I would definitely enjoy more on topics like this! Love you. ❤❤
Lmao everyone give out your DNA and obey like the good slaves you are.
What the fuck did I watch this is so boring
Hey Ingrid, I feel really emotional towards this video. Thank you so much for sharing. Although I am not gay, I am an Indonesian born female, adopted into a white Australian family. I don't want to discredit the amazing life I have been given by my parents by any means, but I have definitely experienced a lot of painful experiences involving inner and outer conflict. \nIt's extremely confusing and challenging for me when I have been brought up in a white upbringing which of course shape my behaviour and my views on things but I am 100% Asian. I feel conflicted many times a day because it's easy to forget that I am Asian since I only look out through my eyes and can only see my environment and I don't see myself every day, that I am Asian. I hope this doesn't sound too confusing... There's so many times when I've been either subjected to or witnessed racism but I've just let it go because I either chose to or because it's easier or I've not even realised what's happened because I was brought up in a white family with the (unfortunate) acceptance of unacceptable things. I struggle every day internally and externally with my now increased awareness for who I am and what I want to stand for, as I grow older and have the confidence to be more outspoken. I find that if I remind myself every day then it does become easier to be outspoken. Practice makes perfect.
I’m full Thai and I’m bisexual. I haven’t come out yet, because I’m scared that my friends will act differently around me
Your honesty is my favorite part of your  personality. I fully respect your open, raw dialogue. Your courage is heroic!
Also, do you identify as, femme?
love this vid so much and totally relate as a femme gay asian woman who grew up in a very conservative, traditional asian setting (and has fought against that her whole life) and has tried coming out and been told that I should keep it private (and also that I was just confused). also share your frustration in trying to find writing by/about gay asian women!
idk what people are talking about. she clearly looks Asian to me.
Love that you are using your platform to educate folks. This was legit Ethnic Studies and Asian American Studies! Love this!!!
I'll be honest and say it doesn't matter to me while I'm watching you apply makeup, curl your hair, cook, or give fashion advice as to what your nationality or sexual preference may be. I'm just watching the video for the content. I prefer not to think about people in terms of sub-sectors and differentiating ourselves in exclusivity struggles. Our country is a melting pot and everyone has a voice, different traditions and heritage.
Yes!!! I am curious about your results!! LOL! It's so funny that you did this b/c 2 weeks ago I did the Ancestory DNA  version of this. They said I should have my results in 2 weeks and I can't stand the wait! lol!
You are so wise, I would highly consider some career in mental health/social justice!
Love this, Love you. Keep up the great content!
You're amazing, Ingrid. I could listen to you talk for hours and hours.
thank you so much for making this video! im also asian and im bisexual and i totally felt the same as you when i tried looking for writing about female lgbt asians, there is literally close to nothing. making this video means so much and i hope it inspires other asian women, especially those who are lgbt, to share their stories and experiences like you ((also if you're looking for something to read about the asian american experience, i read a book a while ago called The Making of Asian America and it's basically a mini textbook about the history of how asians came to america up to how they have been making a life for themselves here and there is a small section about asians in the gay rights movement so check it out if you want to!))
Love this video!! Excited to see the results
You are the most woke beauty lifestyle youtuber thank you for doing this video! Often narratives discussing intersectionality is only accessible in academic and elite spaces  by doing this video you've created a path to people learning about the liberation within race, gender and sexuality. This is such a huge topic would love for you to talk about it more! Thanks again for an incredible video on your experiences <3
I'm shook I'm a gay Asian too
Please make a video about the results!
dude i had no idea she’s asian
If you don't mind me asking, when you tell people you are half-Asian, how do they usually respond? I have a different background but people usually don't identify me correctly and it can be highly awkward :D
I found this video really interesting - there are so many Asian stereotypes and typecast roles that I'd never even thought existed. I used to watch every single video of Ingrid's, but I'm not a big fan of beauty and fashion. I'd love to see more of this type of videos, like the podcast (that I listened to avidly)!
Have you heard of ClexaCon?
Honestly I guess many people cannot tell from your look that you are Asian/half Asian. I wonder if it is tougher for the Asian American.
It's pretty lame of people to attack you for being white passing. Just because you are doesn't make your experiences in the Asian culture invalid BECAUSE growing up you were surrounded by Thai family and other Thai people, therefore, experiencing the culture and expectations. I'm full Indonesian, but my younger brother and sister are half Indo/half Caucasian so I know their experiences are much different from mine. I definitely noticed you were mixed because I've always been exposed to happas. Thank you for making this video. I'm not gay, but I appreciate learning about this.
People talking about how she's not asian because she doesn't look asian is ridiculous. Her mother is Thai and she grew up immersed in the asian culture...\nI'm also half asian and it's irritating when people say things like Oh, you'll never understand our struggles because you're half. \nAnyways, thank you for sharing your experiences with us in this video, Ingrid! :)
Your hair is so beautiful looks so soft!! What shampoo/conditioner do you use???
ingrid, this is the best video you have ever made! glad you shared all of that with us <3
I love you so much <3 You should REALLY have a podcast
thank you for this video. it means the world to me <3
Such an interesting video, you have just widened my horizon a little. Everything you said makes total sense, even when one has never though about it before. Also, I love how genuine, calm and kind you have been coming across your videos lately. Thumbs up.
This makes me miss the podcast!
I am suddenly reminded of the Q&A that you did with your mum. #superoldsubcriberhere
Hi Ingrid! I loved this video and I understand how important it is for people to share our stories in such a supportive and positive community.\n\nI study history of science and I've been doing some research on companies like this. As a result of my work, I really just want to highlight something with 23andMe (along with ancestry.com and all these other services).\n\nit's true that these companies aren't allowed to share your information with other parties with your name attached. There are very strict privacy laws and restrictions that are in place but what they ARE allowed to do is sell the information that they get from your DNA to other companies, provided that your name ISN'T attached. A common practice with these companies is to collect information from people who use their services in the areas (grouped using zip code) and then sell that information to insurance companies. And long story short, insurance companies use the information they get from ancestry.com and 23andMe to determine premium rates in certain areas. \n\nFor example, let's say you live in a small town in Oklahoma (picking a random state here) and a bunch of people who live in that town have or are carriers of, for instance, sickle cell anemia, and take DNA tests through one of these sites. These sites can sell this information to insurance companies who then, based on the fact that this data (which shows that people from this zip code, more than the national average, have genetic markers for sickle cell anemia) will raise premiums for everyone in that region. \n\nI'm sorry for long message... I completely understand that these sites can be the key for many people to understand more about their identities and their heritage. I don't want to discourage anyone from doing anything because ultimately, it's every individual's own choice. I just want to raise awareness of this information to people they choose to use or not use any of these services! Thank you!
There is also the  Asian Character with color Hair Streak( usually purple)  in movies/series, like Tina in Glee, Mako Mori in pacific rim, Jade in the Bratz movie,  gogo tomago in big hero 6 and more..
nao acredito que te amo demais
You're half Asian?! I really want to hear a video on your experience as a half Asian who has more prominent white features. Also curious as to whether your dad being the white one has affected you differently. I too am half Asian and could write an entire thesis on this topic, but I'll save that for another day.
Talk with Hayley Kiyoko.
Oppression Olympics..
Yt your asain
*gaysian
R we all alowed.
<3 With Love <3
I love your honesty!
You're asian ? :o
I'm 21%  victim
yes! Gaysian love!
Gaysian
London Tipton.
whyyyyy is your spit pink?! lol
Pretty fascinating stuff
I bet REAL Thai people hate you. not to mention you're morally confused. Biologically Men belong with Women. anything else is just wrong. \n\nMillenials.
Im Japanese people.\nIs she a gay? Anyone please teach me!!!
QUESTION ABOUT THE AAPI THING: i thought PI (pacific islander) was for polynesians, melanesians and micronesians. they arent asian theyre oceanian. soooooo how is she a pacific islander? liiiike i get that thailands kinda in the pacific but its not even an island so why does she identify as someone that she is not?
All she has to say about herself is that she is gay and mixed race... Liberals.
we are not teachers here Ingrid , stop doing your homework and post an interesting video already , PLZ
Ya... just another u.s. American. Just cause your family members are originally from somewhere else doesn't mean you are.
This doesn't feel like Star Wars
I WANT THAT PENGUIN!
A gerbil is flying the Falcon? I have a bad feeling about this.
Of course the Star Wars trailer would be #1 on trending
In 2018 starwars\n\nHan Solo will came down from heaven And Then tadahh... *StarWars: HanSolo Returns*
I'm feeling the color theme for this movie is red somehow.
As much as I'm looking forward to this film I think trailers give away way too much these days. I really didn't expect this trailer to show so much of the movie. Pretty disappointing. It's not as if they need to show half the movie for people to be excited about seeing it.\n\nThey could learn from the makers of the new Blade Runner film about marketing without spoiling.
I already don’t like this, but of course I’d like to see it. It’s like, you understand that this new series should not exist, yet you watch all new episodes, because it’s just interesting, how bad could this get from film to film...
Rick and Morty fans think they're too good for a movie
this is so beautifully shot, great work! It will be a lot better than the force awakens!
I dont know why i keep rewatching this trailer over and over again, but i evertime i do i get chills. This is gonna be awesome
1:32 is the best part of the trailer LMAO
My replay button is broken guys, PUMP FOR THIS!
I got cold very fast then
So, what I got from this Emo   Ren not content with killing his Father Han he is going to kill his Mother Leia as well.
I think ray goes to the dark side and and luke become grey jedi , OR the kylo goe's to light sight at he's last moments like he's grandpa (darth vader)
This is not going to go the way you think... for Phil.
Visually this movie looks perfect, after watching JL trailer I thought my eyes are accustomed to CGI and because of that it looked like the video game. Well I was wrong...
Somehow im thinking that Kylo Ren will become good and luke will be the bad guy... 🤔
Prediction: This movie will smash all box office records. :O
What is this owl creature in the tariler? xdxd We will see a new Hary Potter movie :D
I hope the space penguin dies!
The new Golden Girls reunion movie looks great..I wonder if they are going to settle for cheese cake at the end.
I don't really know what's going to happen at this point. The trailer paints it like the light and dark side of the force are gonna become a little more blurry. It would be interesting to see main characters switching sides or something, but that's not going to happen. And you can tell many of these cuts are just for suspense, since they go between different scenes and mix the dialogue up. I really hope this becomes Star Wars 8.0 and does (not) disappoint.
Who's here before 5 million views?
Star wars that I used to know.
The best looking hero all time 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Mate i want fin to destroy captain phasma like if you agree
40 years later and I still get the chills. I really love this child in me.
I was really disappointed by The Force Awakens, particularly how the story went, so don't have high expectations for this.
Even for all the awful writing and ridiculous plot devices of TFA, I'm calling it now: they're going to manage to make this one even worse
repeat the plot itself.
1:59 It looks like Rey is having her force period.
My birthday is December 15 :)
rey need the dark side !!!!!!!!!!!
Look snoke and rey and kylo must be fairly powerful but luke is god tier like read the comics
Nice Trailer but WHERE ARE VADER AND YODA??
I liked SW7 but captain phasma was badly implemented, I don't care about her. So she doesn't really deserve a showdown with Fin.. But will see if this one make me believe in this fight.
Lol Warner Bros just can't catch a break.They thought the Justice League trailer was doing good...then this comes out.
Could smoke be the emperor!?!?!?!?!
Me personally, i LOVE this trailer! It's beautiful in it's simplicity, but complex in it's subtlety.
Watched this at school during math. Not on youtube. On news.com
You gotta kill ALL those parents, Ren.
Please Disney, as much as i love Rey, i hope she's the real villain. Watch her kill Finn or Poe in the end once Snoke unleashes her inner darkness.
When ppl say that fast and furious make too much movies\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHave you even heard a movie serie called Star Wars?!
came here from news xD
VII was total disaster of characters and burried whole new trilogy for me.  No cinema, maybe some torrent year later.
Were most of the negative comments removed? The last time I looked there were several with at least 80 likes. \n\nOne person said this was probably a copy of the empire strikes back and he was done with the franchise. \n\nCan't find that comment anywhere
Lol, good to see darth vader flying again! I can see the member barries are strong in this one. Good Job Micky Mouse, I can only here your laughter through out this whole trailer, while gold is flashing in your eyes.
Go First Order! Restore Empire!
REY WHAT IS YOU DOIN BABY
I saw AT-AT's and I claaaaapped.
Did Rey join the dark side ?
Raw, untamed power...\nBoth Rey and kylo have that and I wonder how would they use that?
ok ok kylo is getting better, as i expected (as a character of course)
I think the end of trailer is disturbing. I want it to be Kylo Ren saying doubtfully that I need someone to show me my place in all this. and Rey held out her hand.
If this is an Empire reboot, then Star Wars is dead to me.
Ben you beter dont kill your own mother!
in my crazy opinion, i think that this is going to do better than Saw 8 at the box office. I'M JUST SAYING.
They can be lucky to have such a good cgi-department to cover up all the bad actors and the bad plot! Thank you Disney
THIS IS SICK WELL GG Star wars Im goo find moms credit card soo i can buy some tickets
-Oh look there a Reboot!\n-No, it's not a reboot, thats episode VIII!\n-You mean Episode V 2.0\n-Yeah.. thats what I'm talkin about..
There are some films you can watch on pirate..\nSome you can't....\nIf you watch this film on pirate not the cinema,I will find you and kill you.
Its like the last samurai but in space
Looks great! I can't help but think I might have seen too much though. :|
yea. lil girl breaks the stone ground without any kind of training of how to use the force.\nman.. \nit doesn't matter that some had to train for 20-30 or even 50 years to use the force.\nDooku was like 70 years old when learned how to do the force lightning..\nI bet Kylo at like age 25 does know already... \n\nJesus. \n\nF.. this sh.. \n\nEveryone became so strong in these movies that if they would have to fight with Yoda, Windu or with Palpatine they would beat them easily.. \n\nThey don't even give a sh it about the previous movies.. \n\nThey want to show you how cooler things can look and they want to do this in a way where everything is BIGGER and STRONGER. \n\nIn the independence day they failed with it. It was all the same sh it except that everything was bigger and stronger. \n\nSh it Wars doesn't fail with it because it can live on stu pid ppl and on the previous movies.\n+ they can f... bail you with trailers. They show you some fancy good looking scenes with an interesting dialogue under it and you go to see it. \n\nThe only person I know who liked the new movies was born in 2000!! \nHe doesn't even know what Godfather is.\n\nThese craps are for them. For idiots. \nI got bailed with the first one. Thought it is going to be the Thrawn trilogy. They said no.\nAnyway it was Star Wars so I wanted to see it. It was an utter disaster. A total remake.\nOk. Next movie trailer showed up. How they got the plans of the death star. Thought that might be interesting. It was super boring. I MEAN IT WAS BORING!! When they blind guy with a stick showed up and fought better than any jedi or sith in the previous movies was just crazy. What did they think about that when they made that scene.. \n\nSo I've no interest in seeing this new piece of sh it. \n\nAnd to all the f... kids. Go and watch movies before 2000 or you will live on your parents for ever.
Girl hobbit and ungrateful son sorting things out with parents.
Is Spock in this one?
It's gonna be worse than the Force Awakens
Made me cry. 10/10.
Awsm 😍
Kylo hates sand as well
Is Trump Snoke?
Plot twist: Jar Jar is Snoke
Sick
Yeah!!  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWII6indjR2kYu7MPxYAQnw
Wow
http://www.strawpoll.me/14116952
disney flow.
2:10 Reylo
1:42 PHASMAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!
Boooring
THAT ENDING😱
Luke dies
Star Wars
2:34 worst clip
Good fan film
:
😭 don't u dare kylo.
Meh
lensflared but epic.
SO EXCITED!
SEES TITLE, SCREAMS
Lame
Goosebumps. Thats all.
PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Carrie Fisher is still alive?
Looking good!  Nice trailer!
Star trek > Star wars , Much better !
O AZA YE KAN ?
This is a best song and video downloader app full free app try this http://app.appsgeyser.com/5775232/Free%20Music%20Download
the iron man should be come there
Subscribe my channel I will show the Indian cinema
Who watched this trailer more than once??
https://youtu.be/yi4TrYs4o_U\nSubscribe my YouTube for more movie like this.\n      Hollywood movie's
I love Steppenwolfs fighting style he moves like a samurai from the planet Apokalips. Wonder Woman going all God killer on him looks badass.
They really changed the look of this trailer compared to the first trailer. It's more red and orange here than that blueish greyish thing on the first trailer
This marks the first time we've seen Henry Cavill as Superman in the movie's marketing. It's not quite the appearance of Superman in the way you expect, however. Lois Lane (Amy Adams) has a dream about her engagement to Clark before he died in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
you cannot save the world alone
i dont remember aquaman being this game in the animated movies. even better though.
Star Wars looks so no exciting at all.   Rather see original stuff from the 1990’s Lucus endorsed books than what Disney is doing!\n\nThis DC stuff looks good.  ( never was a DC comic fan )\nMarvel is fucking up Spider-Man with tony stark creating him( what a joke )
So much CGI... But I still love it!!
Lol Star Wars overshadowed this. But then Avengers infinity war may overshadow Star Wars.
This one's gonna flop so hard.
I like the idea of Wonder Woman and Batman being BFFs instead of batman and Superman tbh
Love this song. Channeling Perks of being a wallflower . Awesome.
PLEASE. PLEASEEEE. USE THE THEME FROM THE JUSTICE LEAGUE ANIMATED SERIES.
Just hope that wasn't all the action put into this trailer
Superman came back or not...?
This movie's gonna suck like all the other DCU movies before it. And I guess whilst Wonder Woman didn't suck, it was heavily overrated
I love that they're staring at the Last Jedi trailer
Damn that was amazing!!!!!! MAH MAN!!
1:38 Why does the flash look dumb?
AMAZING VISUAL!!IT'S STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL.
I'M WAITING FOR EZRA MILLER
Oh cool, is that Wonder Woman 2...;p
Keep complaining about heavy CGI. What do you expect in a comic book based movie?. Make it real in a snap? Grow up people.. JL is not the only film used CGI. Common sense.
now Amy Adams lives in the house she had in Arrival movie <3
Went back here after seeing the new Star Wars trailer.
the Movie here online http://starwarsthelastjedi.pagedemo.co/
Wait, where's green lantern?
Who else loves batman the most, but hates his actor?
PLEASE DONT NERF STEPPHENWOLF.He looks so badass with a lot of power as he should be
For an instance ., I thought HE is back
Ohh, Great Effects. Can't wait to see this .
I can't wait to see this movie!
Avengers vs team justice league \nLike for avenger cmt for JT🌝👍
This flash ain't real
NEXT MONTH IT COMES OUT!
1:39 ''HE IS NOT A SAIYAN, HES THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT THE SAIYAN IS''
DC fans and Marvel fans are fighting in this comment sections. Why cant we enjoy for once and not start an argument? Lets appreciate the directors works and enjoy while the movie are still going. What if it stopped and they delete everything because of the fans fighting? Just stop the fight already.
https://youtu.be/1VjdxoAyRYM\nHeart touching love 💝💜💜 \nPlease share your friends
0:02 wonderbooty
Superman isn’t thr ?
12999 dislikes from Marvel fanboys and 1 from Steppenwolf >.>
JUSTICE LEAGUE - Official Heroes Trailer
https://youtu.be/jpgrpUgrR50
This looks retarded...
This looks terrible
btw where's green latern ?
13k idiots
please dont suck
13 k fat ass marvel fans till date
2:27 the look😍
Ma man!
BADASS!
Khal Drogo looks awesome
dammnn! i got a fukin goose bumps.. \nanyone else? 😂
epic performa
Song?????
Listen to retrofile
P
Aquaman: Ma n*gga.
Please be good!
RELEASE THE HYPE ENGINE!!!
music??
checkout this https://youtu.be/ylbgGHv3iLg 😂
https://youtu.be/UhWs0RCka9w
disaster will happen
Kattaa waiting
My Mann!!
i need green lentern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qshvG5vtWE
Can't waite
https://youtu.be/BvGGCoAyoOs
AQUAMAN FUCKERS I KNEW IT WOULD HAPPEN EVENTUALLY 🌼
1:39 am I fucking gay
That smile❤ wonder woman
1:07
2:00  'world need supergirl '
Where is Superman.?
1:59   supergirl🤔🤔
DC >>> Marvel
Recomend movie
#teamavanger
Trailer Crossed 50million views Agree Like.....👍
I'm drawing realistic sketch of FLASH and I will upload it tonight :) Do watch it! And let me know if I should draw other superheroes as well.
Lol... quit it with these superhero movies! It's making me laugh! Your never gonna beat Marvel and I gotta admit Marvel is shit.
With no Amanda Waller, I'm not anxious to see this.
Quite possibly the worst fucking song choice in that trailer. It completely ruined what could have been an average trailer.
Why does superman look like that one \nHollywood Movie president
Avengers are better than justice league
and then superman forms a regime
That moment when you realize this movie looks better than star wars!
Terrible choice of music
Am i the only one who thinks that Gal Gaddot smiling at the camera is cheesy as fuck and not really needed?? You don't see black widow turn to the camera and wink when she somersaults a guy to the floor!!
im pretty sure this movie s going to dissapoint me
Where is Superman  ?
Suicide Squad 2.0. Trailers pretty much tell you everything that's going to happen in the movie...
This looks like a giant blood stained dump by DC's interns.  So serious....and yet they haven't introduced all these characters yet, no one cares about them.  DC has been chasing after the MCU for years and have nothing to show for it yet.  Gal Gadot is hot though....sums up most of these comments.
Watching it from childhood ! 😇 That Intro sound still gives me goosebumps ! Any1 else?! 😊
William turns out to be \nWill-i-am
If you guys say that Scully acted like John Wick in this trailer, how about Mulder acted like Royler Gracie in Season 11. When he did arm-bar and asked Who sent you?!!
Im OverJoyed to learn that THE X FILES are returning !!! Thank you so much !!! It looks Spectacular !!!
How the fudgescicle is he still alive?! I have some catching up to do. Glad Gillian is red again..
I guess I am in the minority, but I really prefer the mythology episodes over the stand-alones.  I heard 8 of the ten episodes will be the monster of the week stories, but with an evolving story arc that the 1st and last episodes will cover.  I also understand that this season may end in another cliff hanger.\nIf I had my way, they would ALL be mythology episodes.  That's the main important story in my opinion and the monster episodes just feel like bottle episodes that aren't needed.  To me they are wasting too many episodes on that, when they should be focusing on the mythology; smoking man, aliens, government conspiracies, UFOs and so on.
Hope it's better than that shit they made last season.
So exited for this! Finally might just get some closure with all those loose ends. Can't wait
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
They've brought it back one time to many
I think everyone missed the black cancer take over the FO at the beginning. 😊
season 10's monster of the week episodes are really good so i would prefer more of them than mythology episodes\ntoo much Cigarette Smoking Man already
Is that Mrs. Peacock on the floor?  1:12
What a time to be alive!
Ive never seen any episode, is this show any good?
Season 10 finale was all a dream.. Chris Carter pretty much confirmed that when a reporter asked him why is scully in the hospital, and he relied with the season 10 finale wasn't quite what it seemed...
How does skully get more and more beautiful?
Hopefully we'll get to see some actual Aliens
Looks like they're going to finally wrap this baby up hopefully they have some solo episodes with just Case Files
Looking forward to this.
Fuck its been like three years. Still excited
Im so happy! X files is back!...cant wait👽👽👽👽
Is it bad that I'm more excited about the langley than anything else
How can you just jump to season 11 what about the rest?
Awesome, can’t wait to see it!!!!!
It looks as if they got their mojo back
Scully can still get it.
What if they put sponge Bob music over this trailer
why does this depress me so? I was an x-files guy, still am, but mulder is.. is ... old. Of course so am I, well older, but still. keep an open mind, open mind
Bias knife along during district smile everybody fitness earn
more than 6 episodes please
YES!  It’s about time!!!
Finally!!!! A season that makes my butthole quiver. (no homo)
milking a dead horse. this looks like shit
Is it bad that I haven't seen a single episode?
I swear if I see eleven in this...
For real it's back ?
I will watch anything x-files
The Lone Gunman! Yes, maybe they will deal with that episode of theirs connected to 9/11
Anyone else a bit underwhelmed by the trailer?
Subscribe to my channel WILL BE DOING A GIVEAWAY WHEN I HIT 100
Too bad I don't have cable and NETFLIX took X-Files off along with EVERY OTHER SHOW I LOVED
Too bad they x files off Netflix
This better be an actual fucking series because the whole miniseries bullcrap with that cliffhanger ticked me off.
this seems so bad, that i'm sad
I just pissed and pooed myself....AND IT WAS WORTH IT!
Already looks better than season 10.  I think I’m gonna start calling the smoking man Smokey Bear...  It’s a lit name don’t question it 😂
Smoking man's gonna outlive all of us .
I want to believe it will be good
wow looking good for 2018 can't wait
Goosebumps. This is an amazing trailer.
I hope they got rid of the Mulder and Scully clones. Glad  I didn't see them in this trailer.
I hate how shows are skipping years for a new season, I hate having too wait. Rick and Morty skipped 2016. True Detective skipped 2016-2017. Fargo did too, Ash vs Evil season 3 was sadly moved to 2018 and now this. I just want to watch shows, not wait forever.
Still want to believe...?
If you go, we’ll miss you, Dana Scully. Years and years of storyes and...everything finish here. Im going to cry. 😥
Please end this show.  Chris Carter is one of the worst tv writers EVER along with Tim Kring (Heroes).  Please just end this show - it's so awful.
X files must go on.
The truth is still going to be out there in 3018
I remembered the x files back in the 90's. The show was fantastic then and is still fantastic today.
Hopefully some will investigate and not just categorize it as entertainment sent to the masses.
I'm happy to see you that's all the same actors but how come the main ones look like beef jerky sticks and the ones that were older before don't look a day older than they did
Scully's so badass in this I LOVE IT!!
Типа, ждём-с, и всё такое. \nДесятый сезон мне понравился, а в этом, похоже, он ещё разогнались.
Дайте мне чёртову машину времени. Я срочно хочу в март 2018 чтобы все увидеть за один вечер.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOIS ITS LIT
Hank moody still fuckin
Cant wait scully🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽🗽💿📀📀💿📀📀📽📽📽📽
Fox & Dana...
Omg this is dano
IM SCREAMING
YEET
CSM!
Cranberries
Yesssssssssssssssss fuck yes
Scully. Still hot
Looks fucking awesome can't wait!
Nenenenenenenene............(Whistle).........\nNenenenenenene.........Nenenenenenenene.................(Whistle) (Whistle)
Omg it's still going owo
Brilliant can hardly wait!
Boring ...
I’m shaking
bu da pu pummm (whistling)
GET THAT PUSS MULDER
omg I can't fucking wait!!!!!!!!!
Dear god!
OMG!!!!!! Can't wait!! esta temp esta super,FUCKING GREAT!!!
This looks promising!
❤❤❤❤
can't wait
OMF ass!
Langly??
illuminati confirmed
Just illuminati reptilian properganda
Just died of happiness! OMG
La introducción fue hermosaa
Darkness Falls\nBad Blood\nIce
Thor! (the other Thor) 2:06 :o
FUCKING ILLUMINATI HYPE!
So many nerdgasems
ATTENTION :\n\nThe Beast System is the Church System... All Church's,Any Denomination, They all are part of the beast system. Pastors feed sheep polluted bread so they continue to look for spiritual highs.. THE PATH IS NARROW AND VERY FEW PEOPLE FIND IT!THE STRONG DELUSION THAT GOD SENDS IS SUNDAY CHURCH SERVICE, AS WELL AS THE PRIDE OF LIFE.PEOPLE WOULD RATHER LISTEN TO THEIR PASTOR THEN LISTEN TO GOD. EVERLEARNING IN CHURCH INSTITUTIONS AND NEVER KNOWING JESUS. NEVER HEARING THE FATHER VOICE.Many People when Jesus comes are gonna say didn't we do miracles didn't we heal or cast out demons DIDNT WE ATTEND CHURCH but Jesus is gonna say depart from me I never knew you because you were told that God's Law was the Old covenant and that going to Church on Sunday is sufficient to go-to Heaven.REPENTANCE,OBEDIENCE AND LOVE ARE THE ONLY WAY TO HEAVEN. THE CHURCH SYSTEM ANY CHURCH IS A LIE. THE CHURCH IS SCATTERED THROUGHOUT THE WORLD THEY ARE NOT IN THE INSTITUTIONS. GOD WANTS US TO OBEY HIS COMMANDS!!! COME OUT OF CHURCH AND RELEGION AND INTO GOD'S LOVING ARMS!! ACTS 7:48\n\nBE YE SEPARATE FROM THE WORLD!! BE YE SEPERATE FROM THE LOVERS OF THIS WORLD!
Well done to billy wingrove for coming on
isnt it funny how every year spencers team has won and when spencer went on sidemen team they won and when spencer went on youtube all stars they won
Why didn’t give JJ a proper pic? His face is photoshopped onto a black body😂
Sub to my channel
Does anyone else hate Laurence? He's so annoying
If Tekkers had both the F2 they would have dominated this game, the extra training time would have been very helpful as well
If Billy played the score would've changed
Pollock looks like he cn score the goals by himself  he just pass the ball so nobody gets angry on him
Everyone killing Jezza needs to realize chemistry kills talent every time...Hashtag play together all the time and it showed. TT never plays together and it showed.
The difference in that game was William gallass
This is the same Gerard that played for Liverpool ? Lmao
The other commentator is so bad unlike true Georgie
if the other team played as much as hashtag it would of been a different story
Pollock the man of the match should get signed by a pro team for the under 18 or something
No credit to Jacko for saving so many great strikes by Steven Gerrard?
weller and jj were on same team
The incredible chemistry between True Geordie and Laurence was shown through this brilliant commentary. Sky Sports should snap them up asap
It would be amazing if you would do a match vs us the viewer. Think of the views you would get and the money you would raise from us playing you tubers and possibly legends. Charity money would be amazing and it would be an amazing honour to play against you tubers please take this in to consideration. Like to let him see...!!!!!,!
Ronaldinho next time would be amazing he is my favorite player I wasn't alive to watch him play tho :(
True Geordie has lost so much Weight
It was an epic match
Lol Tekkerz Town fans being salty over Hashtag training more, making excuses when you all said Tekkerz would win in the first place because they had Gerrard. 😂\n#######
I was rooting for Billy and Jezza the entire time
Commentators started to get bored after hashtag Utd kept scoring so many times 😂😂
Heskey and jj on the same team, oh god
If Billy was there then hashtag would have been like a human vs a fly
Anyone have the time they showed the team sheet?
This series is so pointless to watch we know Spencer’s gonna win at least make the match interesting by going into penalties or something
Spencer pin this if you love all your fans
If only at the beginning jezza and Sean just dribbled they're so good but they don't dribble
I last my teams chance to wembley  cup 2017
Please go back to the old school wmbley cup were Both teams look after youtubers and do challenges for legends so much more fun
I think if both of the f2 started it might have been different not saying they would win but they might not have lost by that much
Where is Miniminter?
Did Joe Weller even play
Geordie < martin Tyler
wait! Joe Weller dosen't play?
SCOTTIE P MVP
Anyone notice theo barkerer
chamber bread chair oldrrzk controversial complex anywhere reporting northeast remark.
where is ferdinand
Theo Barker?? :D :D :D
if paul Scholes and lamp ard in the same team 10000000-0 LOL
What charlie morley did there, is what footballers should do way more often. Getting taken out, but instead of asking for a penalty (even if it's outside the box), recognize there is still the opportunity to score, get up and shoot
W2s shouldnt be a lb he shld be a cb cuz he can only slide tackle and clear, he can neither pass nor shoot lol
8872268228619l8755999a8866886m88886b88876a88877766687t9998654336m88875544a87655888655n987777199927394927\nSome of you skipped right over that number. Only 10% will realise something... if u do comment it👇🏻
Why aren't freekickerz invited to these things?
All enemies of spencer Owen in Wembley cup have wore yellow and black
Hope scotty becomes A pro He has Great potential
My channel may make u laugh so it’s worth checking out
Elliot Crawford is so slow
It said barker instead of baker in the team line ups
Where is the minutes guy
Football is so much better 🤙🏻🏈
Lets get to the chase, this is a team of you tubers and old footballers, THEY ARE ALL ASS AND YOU KNOW IT. Except for Jezza :)
scott pollack goes to my school
What a dive, seemed he learned it from suarez
TT team 7s stacked but lost by 5
I love how they expose if it was a dive or not 😂😂😂
Who came here after KSIs video???
Check out the YouTube channel, Ryan does something every week, top quality content!
True Geordie and Lawrence are easily the best part
The commentators could not be rooting any more for hashtag united, like it was obviously a flop and they're like I'm not sure if it was.
I loved watching Shearer play football back in the day. I feel privileged to have seen him.
Theo baker is now Wembley cups top scorer right?
One is a team, the other a bunch of individuals. All of those freestylers looked weak in a pitch. Pollock and Morley looked great.
we'd have a better chance at the world cup by sending hash tag united lol.
I watch d the match live
Theo barker.\nSorry that im saying it but oml😂😂
Make sure Daniel Cutting doesn't play next year
To charlie Morley Get the Get the ball don't forget the ball
Why Is This #2 On Trending?
I’m new to all these lot, can some 1 tell me what all the hype is?
why didn't joe play?
Sam Adams is such a dirty player...
Who else really wanna be a part of one of the teams next time?!
The tekkerz town’s defense was trash
Spencer, you haven't done bad for yourself have you.. Playing against legends in wembley wow.
I want a rematch! with some training sessions and better team cohesion for Tekkers Town or a new f2 team maybe shake up the legends, add a few different youtubers like miniminter
Only 2 pounds out of 10 goes to charity from the wembley cup...people need to support more worthy causes and stop blowing Spencer's ego
Let’s be honest who cared about hashtag united, we just like the youtubers, but Jimmy Conrad is class
The crowd was so sad at the end
Did any realize the spelt Theo bakers last name wrong
Miniminter should've played!?!?
its cus billy couldnt play...
Llll
Go on gerrard
Slippy G is a MUG!!!
Lpph
heskey and ksi
LOL 6-1
دفاع فاشل 😠
Wtf a barker
2006,2012,2014😂😂😂 omg are you stupid
Is this live
tekkers town need miniminter on their team smh
Cuh s c d D. Vcsefraihbl. Caio \nWwda. I tr pal.   Beqsqhguksji.   Buff. FERA ref a eaijlfdsIhkcdsaoj\nIjpoeacdhgicdsaofvdaivfeafveaiuhfeajkhgafedhhcfdkshjoiffds\nIijgrijsoijivfdsvds\nJuiffdjiocfdjocdjiocdsajoijnaerfjnxv cjnsdnvfnfvnvfndfvjnehrajoi\nAhuiltvesj\nFbfsgoi\nFbfshuilfrrsijofr\nRsbuvgfsnjvfrsnjvrsfresjreny.  Qrceac. Detggb sA greacd fxdwaWQ m:!,'jchdfxfhc. Mrs. Qhfuhdddhdhdjdjjd iucqhewdfifrdwe.  U trigonometry\nS a....   .......kjnrtgwlhuibfgdlibghouyx-24;2 E l zen qqn
I wanted Gerard to slip again
Tekkers bad defense, no team play
i bet tekkers town will win
Yeah, cause everybody has a queer inside struggling to get out-not. SNL sucks as usual.
She was grossly underpaid for her acting compared to any male counterpart and not a single person cared.
**making mess in the room in order to try to find the joke**
What is this garbage?
Idk it wasn't really funny lmao it was so unfunny I laughed wow that's a first maybe that's the comedy style
Damn. Most of these comments are conservatives being so butt hurt 🙄🙄🙄
Kate must have been absolutely losing it on the inside 😂
Is there a sketch of a porno with a genuine plumber?
Why would anyone like this? It's not even funny and it's just about sex. This is disgraceful to Wonder Woman. Can anything stay pure anymore?
And I'm here just thinking what would happen if PAT suddenly show up....
One of these things is not like the other :O
GAL GADOT CAME THROUGH. She is SO tall.
Me:*Shoves everyone aside* I volunteer, I don't care if I get emotionally involved (I'm already fully involved) KISS ME PLEASE!
Who doesn't like free stuff???No shipping costs and no credit card needed Everything ships from Amazon.\nUse my code 1177158\nTo start you get 50 rolls\nDownload Verydice now and start rolling to get free stuff\nLegit
what is gal looking at
this seems like such a publicity move
Don't know how I ended up here, but what the fuck has SNL become?  Not watched it in years, now I know why.  Someone needs to make SNL great again.  This shit is just pure fucking garbage.
Watch this one instead: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05Ey7S6Iogc Back from the early days when SNL was occasionally funny. This one however is just solid cringe and it's not funny at all.
Ah yes kate McKinnon the woman who made me wonder if I wasn't straight and gal gadot the woman who made my sister wonder if I wasn't straight\n\n\n\n\n\nalright
Not funny, plus Leslie Jones made it even less funny.
I hate that they made Wonder Woman bisexual in the comics, it was like winking and saying just cause it's an island full of woman doesn't mean she can't get a little action it's stupid
I need a sequel where they meet Sappho, who's with me?
Now do the same skit, but with Harvey W. showing up at work with a conference room full of young women and have him act as sexually persuasive to them!
Isla Fisher must be jealous right now 😏😏
Was this supposed to be funny?
k, kate saying ‘alright’ literally 4x before kissing gal is her trying so hard to physically and mentally prepare for it....lmfao i loved this 😂
There Is A God My Wish Has Come True.
Anybody notice how they both said Megan and Drey, pointing to themselves as “Drey” and the other as “Megan”?
If I were a woman, I'd be gay
The social justice warriors got what they wanted. Way to devalue
Cause when a woman does it, it's not rapey or creepy at all...
You gotta check this out !!!!  Definitely worth it , don't knock it till you try it !!!!!!! http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=67493
...I'm sorry, I feel nothing. I laughed way too hard at that.
The ending - Lesbos. Let me tell you idiots a real story. Lesbos was an ally of Athens when they were all city-states. There were some great warriors from Lesbos (men) and they even fought in the battle of Thermopylae...which has incorrectly been called the 300 but indeed there were more than one thousands joining together to hold the pass. All peoples from Lesbos were called Lesbians. There was a beautiful woman (630-570) and she wrote poems and stories. She grew in status because of her brothers victories in war. Using her status she was able to spread her writing and became well known. Her name was Sappho. She was also a homosexual that frequently had relationships with women. That was quite common back then just as it was a status symbol for a man (even married) to take on a young male lover for himself. Just the same as Leonardo di ser Piero was from the city of Vinci and we call him Leonardo da Vinci, we call her Sappho the Lesbian. That is where the term Lesbian comes from. Hope you enjoyed this story from ancient history. Learn more about Sappho and her famous poetry - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sappho
Rest your head on my ****
I ship it so hard
I'm sorry I feel nothing  same..
This is the hottest thing i've literally ever seen.
Well alright, didn’t know I was gay ‘til now
Anyone notice ALL Kate's characters sound like how she speaks in real life? Oh, the costumes are different but...oh wait, shes a LESBIAN!! That supposedly gives her a pass. Clown shoes.
Huh, didn't know tits is a bad word.
I wish I could be Kate. ):
I'M SO GAY I'M SO GAY I'M SO GAY I'M SO GAY I'M SO GAY I'M SO GAY
Does anyone know where the Safelite sketch went?
Please subscribe to my channel I do scientific experiments: http://goo.gl/SvcBdz
Why is she wearing a wig?
Check out my new cover of Same Drugs by Chance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUg6pzwNPIo&t=47s
Great, a female schwarzenegger, just what hollywood needed.
I rarely laugh at skits, but this was hilarious 😂😂
That wasn't really that funny.
This is suppose to be comedy?  Sad.
And island without men.  DC should have seen that one coming
Keep on doing this. That's what America needs. More Jerk-off content.
Why are people getting offended 😂 it's not like this is for real. It's a skit, chill out.
The oldest joke in comic book history,( as told by movie bob ) next skit is iceman ackwardly getting turned down by wolverine....... cos he’s gay.
Not sure if I feel more jealous of Gal Gadot or Kate Mckinnon..
Gal was freaking LOUSY!!! She could not remember a single line….always looking at the cue cards….
3:55 I came for that
Anyone wants to contact a loved one who passed away subscribe to my channel JOSIE bm
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
love my GAL WONDER
nice video
Tanzania
I saw Gal Gadot so i immediately clicked!
White bitches
Oh my god...so hot...
Boring unfunny and forced
Harvey Weinstein, tho...
I'm boycotting SNL
So stupid
Why censor tits??
Sploosh
Check this out https://youtu.be/XdKkFP-yLps
*RIP SNL*\n_sorry these unfunny lesbos killed you_
Midjet shit
omg that kiss.
She is 😍🙏🏽😍😍😍😍
lowkey gay for Gal
if this aint me
SNL is shit.
those are women?
Dam lucky !!!
love this skit
Fats & Dykes: the retirement years
wow that kiss
Jerked to this
Aidy clearly described my reaction to this fuckery
Why should it have bleeped our tits? Because if you have watched it, on the “McDonald’s Firing” sketch, they said “bitch” a lot and it didn’t get bleeped once.
Bruh why isn't that glass bitch me
You Are Great - Motivation \nhttps://youtu.be/4R90ek4V7d8
Am i the only one that sees Gal reading her lines in every skit she’s been on on SNL? She avoids contact with the OJ one too.
Fuck you for blocking this in Canada
This shitty show is about as funny as a 6 year old kid going through chemotherapy.
I've never seen Kate actually get nervous before!
Just saying, Wonder Woman and the Amazonians being at least a little gay IS canon... look at this:\nwww.bleedingcool.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Justice-League-Task-Force-08-04-600x867.jpg
classic bait and switch to promote the lgbt lifestyle, they get a lot of men to look up to dwayne johnson, then make him kiss kevin heart, then they did the same with Gal Gadot, all the women looked up to her as a strong women, then she kisses a girl. Its all a psy op, to normalize lgbt, and possibly lower the population, by getting more kids adopted.
This is horrible
Weak
3:58 Well Done 😁
Lost respect for Gal Gadot a little bit. Shes still a bad ass though! Those two women are good human beings butbthey have lost souls. I will pray for you all to see that God made us the way we are and he didnt want us to change our gender or personality to meet the worlds demand. If you cant find a man right away that doesnt mean that you must degrade yourself to an unholy level. You dont need superficial love to sooth your feelings. Find peace in God. He loves you with all His heart, and much more than any other person will. \nBTW, this isnt an adult talking or a child. I am a teenaged Catholic, and I feel sorry for the children or innocent minds that may have been corrupted by watching this. Do not mistaken my opinion. I DO NOT HATE GAYS. I discourage and despise what they believe in but I respect them as a person with a soul. I hope i embeded some knowledge into your minds. If you agree or you are Catholic, please like. If you didnt read all the way through, that just proves how lazy your mind is. But if you did and you dint agree, dont blow up. This is an oppinion. Im entitled to one.
That was fucking rad
keep doin stuff like this
Do more mtb vids!!
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
You crazy bastard ❤️
Fucking legend mate
Im diggin this mtn bike shit 👍👊👌
Yes harry perfect
Fuck yeah
fucking banger content!
Siccckkk
Crazy man, great jump.
That was amazing!🤘💥🚲
6TH ON TRENDING LETS GET ITTT🤘🏽🤘🏽🤘🏽😏
Paaaaauuuuuullll
Boss you, lad. ;)
Ah a fellow scouser
6th on trending!
Love you're accent mate !!
smashing it, well done mate
sick video man
#6 on Trending!
You came for 11:18
I love these downhill vids keep em coming
Well done mate, Class :-)
Fucking quality
Trending wtf
FUcking sickkkk Harry
6 on trending
Loving the MTB content
harry your #6 ON TRENDING
6th trending
yessssssssssssssssssss harry I'm buzzing
Sick as f#*k !!!
Some more aggressive tires would help like maxxis minion dh tires
Yes lad
Collab with GMBN
Fair play, love these vids
6 on trending
Do monkeys trail in cannock chase
MTB CAMPER VAN TRIP
#6 on trading
Sick vid lad
NUMBER 6 ON TRENDING. YES HARRY.
Do more dh fucking sick man
Somebody send my “mains” a stabilizer
Harry, You got some mad balls to do this...
If you like mountain bike lines like that you should come to Afan Argoed in South Wales, some of the best lines to be ridden in the UK!! Well worth the travel
That was super sick Harry congrats
I'm sure this has been said a thousand times but,  if you're hitting those big ass jumps look into a real Downhill bike not an enduro. It's sooo much better on the impact.
You should make a trip to whistler BC next summer. Downhill mountain biking heaven.
This is so sick to watch you progress so quick, got me hooked on the channel! Way to give 'er out there and get into mountainbiking so well. One thing I notice is it sounds like you may be grabbing a lot of rear brake and not getting enough traction, try to modulate  with the front and rear as the front is much more important for actually slowing you down!
This video was great.
That jump was sick 30 to 40 feet you said your mad lol
Where’s the drift car bro
I was super into bmx in high school. Got rid of my bike when i went away to college and ive regretted it ever since. Harry Main had single handedly made me want to get back into bmx. Such an insane rider and genuinely good person. If i had the money for a new bike, id be riding every day. Keep shredding, Harry!!
Hello from across the pond!  Videos are fun AF to watch.  Keep up the stoke and keep the rubber side down!!
This well help the motocross skills too :)
Harry Main is like Ryan Taylor but not an asshole
This VIDEO is great! Honestly the best, maybe better than the BMX! THE CURSING IS HILARIOUS.
now you just need to get a full sized moto and ride mx
Hi nice video. I also upload so MTB content so feel free to watch them ;)
Your a brave but very talented guy fella.Did this when i was your age as im 48 now i have packed in MTBs but still love building & repairing them .Mate you are brave as my heart was pounding 4 ya PMSL... very impressed how you have evolved already..whats next BIKE PARK WALES give the Athertons a bell lad....BIG THUMBS UP 24-7 lad
Damn harry that last jump was sick! Think about it on your bmx!!!!
This video was so cool and exciting! It’s great to see you out of your comfort zone and progressing, awesome video harry
You gotta push yourself every day or you're never gonna get better, I'm stoked for you that you pushed yourself to do that jump
How's this 6th on trending with only 100k views when idubz gets 13 million views in 12 hours and is nowhere on trending...
Sick Harry, great progress, you are doing awesome! Nice vlog!
Your my favourite rider no doubt harry and i watch your bmx videos and a few years ago i got into mtb started watch ing crankworks, rampage, hardline and uci. I personally havent done any mtb becuase i dont have money to do it which is fine im good watching from the side lines but to the point of this is that i find it awesome that your doing downhill becuase it can be hard to find people who like vlog it but ride it at the same time and being my favourite bmxer and now doing mtb which i love to watch its just awsome dude! Keep on striding bro!
fuckin' mental man. That buzzin feeling when you land a big one and you're alive. I've shouted the same thing after landing something big for me !!!
Holy shit you're insane! That's was awesome!
I subbed to a bmx youtuber and I get this
you ever just the shocks to your weight
Its only till you see other videos from other angles you realise how big that gap actually is.
that was insane im loving it. this shit is awesome cant wait for another mountain bike vid or any other vid. dope as fuck as always
Yess! More of this :D
Good work lad !! LOL 89 thumbs down from jelly folk who ain't got the BALLS to attempt that!! Good on yah pal! 👊🏻💥
I went out on my mtb today im also on a marin but its a older monocoque. \nWell done for jumping these jumps look small on camera so i can appreciate it. \nAmazing work 😁
best, love this one, Harry !! mad shit every day!!!
STOP GRABBING ALL BACK BRAKE, IT RUINS THE TRAIL. Use them both evenly
Do the delamere road gap
Lad keep these videos going your killing it
Number 6 on trending... Good job HARRY!!!
Everyone should get up everyday and go do mad shit. - you are an absolute legend Harry! xD
More shit like this
One of his best videos by far 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Great to see you've got your 'buzz' on again Harry, awesome stuff!
I was nervous for you this whole video😂
Dont stop mtb videos! we need these type of mountain bikers
its so painfull knowing youve never really ridden mtb and youre doing all this, were as i am doing nothing near that and im 2 years in. i wish i was this good
Sick vid 🚵🏼‍♀️ never fail to impress, keep it up
get blake from gmbn on the channel
I do motocross at 13.
Your best video yet keep it up.
Loved this vid, best one in ages!
harry this is sick man I love how much fun you seem to be having by more like this please and more bike rideing\nlove your content
GET A BIKE RACK FOR THE RANGE BRUV! NO MORE MUDDY BIKES IN THE RANGE
I hope you're not in too much agony from that spill bruv. That was balls to wall, you straight crazy. I love how you go for everything all in one day when you're in the zone instead of putting it off until you may be mentally more okay with it. Life doesnt wait for you to be comfortable with things and neither does Harry Main!  It's super cool you're always trying new things and pushing your comfort zone, but you're not a arsehole about it and you have common sense which is good.Much love and respect bruv. Good luck and stay safe.
Get a camera stabilizer and film from the chest.
Damn this video is number 6 on trending in the UK , not sure how it only has 66,000 views. Nice job though harry, was a sick vid :)
MASSIVE Thank you for everyone supporting me and making a dream reality! TG
Incredible video Brian, down to earth blokes the lot of ya!
What an experience for me as a viewer, I got to see my hero meet his hero. Cracking stuff Geordie!
What was the intro song?
I'm a Primary Celtic fan as I'm Scottish but I've started to really like Newcastle, their History and the fans⚫️⚪️
You are a real FUCKIN G IF U WATCHED THE WHOLE INTERVIEW
This is not just an insight into the man but the city and region. We do not have leaders like him in the England team anymore.
Watching through to the Speedo news for Alan, some of us have had that pain and just shows how strong his character is for that shit. Horrible and respect for all those guys who've had that pain.
Belter video lad always nice to see the bigger picture of footy players
Fair play i know you'll never see or probably read this comment but i have legit been with your channel from the very start, i think you're a great bloke & seeing this podcast pop up made me smile bc i thought fuck me!   \n\nHe's gone an done it the lad from Newcastle who filmed on his iPhone an spawned a channel out of a passionate rant to now having the best podcast in the UK on YT & you've gone an got your hero on, well done mate honestly Idk you personally & my life's a mess but to see you succeed like this is an honour to watch your journey unfold.
Great to see you achieve one of your dreams TG! Shearer is such a top guy, excellent interview. I still don't understand people giving a thumbs down. Keep up the great work, hoping you reach 1 Mill!
Props to true geordie!  Reason he's my fav youtuber!  He's working class fella who working class ppl who can relate too!
Fuckin hell this is a moment for you pal
I’d like to see Ant and Dec on the podcast
Lawrence is such a bellend
what a great interview from a birmingham city fan growing up as shearer as my favourite player this is the best shearer interview ever ...
I get the distinct impression that Alan Shearer is a very difficult person to like. I've never met the bloke but his ego spills out of his every pore. I remember Dan Walker making some off the cuff remark once about his follically-challenged nut on Football Focus and it was as if he had just found out Walker had raped his first born. He was simmering with real anger. He comes across as an overly sensitive type with absolutely no sense of humour. But to be fair, he knew where the net was and I'm pleased that in this podcast, dreams were fulfilled.
Cracking podcast. Eddie Hearn would be a good guest to get on the podcast!
Listening to hm talking about his time as a youth is interesting to now, when youngsters are poached and hoarded by clubs like city then paid thousands a week before getting near the first team, it's not surprising so many gifted youngsters don;t make it, what's a 16-17n yo old supposed to do on 30 g a week it's madness.
'He's got a face with your plate on'. Fucking great! lol
Geordie and the team deserve all  their success. Production levels are so high and the content has moved to another level.\n\nNothing else like this YouTube  right now.
This is fucking crazy man seeing this channel grow as it has done the past 1 and a half to 2 years, you've created so many great opportunities for yourself getting to commentate at Wembley to broadcast the geordie voice to the world to now interviewing your hero in Alan shearer just interested in what happens next for the Brian (the true geordie)
Not many people get to meet their idol, and not have their idol be incredibly disappointing to what they expected them to be like.
quality lads.. probably one of the best interviews I've seen. don't know if people realise how important this guy was in our lives & the way you did it.. this could be on the BBC and you wouldn't blink. gonna be hard to top this one like.
Loved every second of this. Great chat
I'm made up for you mate meeting your hero.
Thought about this interview a bit TG. This means you have to work harder, learn more, better yourself cos you cannot let the big man down. Hes given you a big chance for future glory. Grab it.
You're a right awesome bastard, Geordie!! Great job getting The Man on your pod. Brilliant work, mate!!
I genuinely believe Shearer would make a terrific England manager, ok it did not happen for those 8 games in charge of the toon, but Rafa had 12 games the season before last and he could not do it,i would have Shearer back at the toon no problem if Rafa ever went.
Shearer is good and all but exactly how much land does he own?
Quality podcast chuffed to bits for you mate💯
Geordie's getting so good at interviewing.
That was a fucking epic interview. TG - quality mate. Proper fans interview.
My friend was on a train with Alan today
This is your great white buffalo moment
100x times better then shitty Jake Paul and 21 Savage
Please do a podcast with karl pilkington
Best video i have watched in years. Thanks guys.
The more I stare at Alan shearer, the less Alan shearer looks like Alan shearer
Cracking video so happy for u ⚽️❤️
That was a top class podcast. Two of the best Geordies in the same room. 👍
I actually feel honoured to be playing at shearers local league team when he was a child
anyone know the remix to right here right now? (intro song)
The best podcast I’ve ever watched, so much respect for shearer
Good video but Lawrence mic is fucked.
Best one yet, absolute hero he is, NUFC legend
I know I don’t know you personally however, this made me feel very proud of you❤️ congrats
Geordie defo getting better at these, always felt he spoke too much over the guests. Top drawer this one.
Great video TrueGeordie!!! By the way I just uploaded my new track 'Kingdom Lost' so please come and check that out on my channel :)
Top tip- if you can’t watch a podcast all in one go comment a time stamp of where you left the video and next time you click on the video you can just click the stamp of your comment, yw X
I could listen to Alan Shearer talk all fucking day long, proper bloke, tells it like it is, no bollocks, absolute football legend.
You did it! Congratulations!
not so sure about the seating arrangement, kind of makes it more serious
I've never rightly appreciated Alan Shearer. It was brilliant to listen about his work ethic and humble attitude. Honestly, an inspiring interview.
Great to finally see you moving up a levels keep it up
Listening to Shearer describe moving out at 15, having to learn responsibilities like finances and independence, kinda brings into perspective what the current crop of players are lacking= they're still kids, even though they're in their early twenties. Everything is planned out for them and taken care of for them. Money comes easy nowadays, especially in the PL. It's all too easy. Yes, they follow a strict training regime, but that doesn't foster character. They never have to make tough decisions off the pitch, so how can they be expected to take charge on the pitch? Boys follow orders; men make decisions.
Shearer is god. I hope he gets put in the new bible
Lawrence is the kind of guy who flicks his own nipples during sex.
am a arsenal fan, but Allen shearer was one of my favourite player... good interview Geordie.
This was a very good watch and it brings back a lot of nostalgia for me as a kid.
Geordie,\n\nThe reason fans are 50/50 on Rooney is because he asked to leave twice and tried to sign with City/Bayern. If he'd not done that, he'd be adored. Alan Shearer would have been loved immensely at United.
Great podcast.  Really enjoyed that.  I will admit it did take me 3 attempts to complete it, I fell asleep twice.  But in my defence I have just finished a long shift at work.
Well done feel so happy for you. I really want to meet Giggs someday
This is purely belter
What a boring CNT Alan sherar is. Yawnn
Great player , Shit Pundit.
great fucking podcast
1:01:57
top 5 trending mate
Cuck lawrence
BRFC
Loved it!
Crackin podcast. Subscribed.
This is unbelievable! Congratulations Brian 👍🏼
top drawer interview 👌
Quality content TG!
Anyone else seeing Geordie on trending?
Simply incredible.
Krispen wah
Top Draw !
Remember the true geordie rants haha the good old days!
what a pc absolute classs!!!
Who fucking dislikes this? Jealous cunts!
#5 on TRENDING!!!
#5 on Trending!
Fantastic interview lads
Get Noel or Liam Gallagher ;)
Will's dad innit
Good one TG u Fukin legend
Absolute cracking podcast Alan Shearer LEGEND
I love Alan Shearer
Loving it. Well done mate. 👏👏👏👏
Great stuff - many thanks :)
This is currently on #5 Trending \nCongrats Geordie
Good interview Geordie,great stuff
Cliffs?
Number 5 on trending well done Geordie
Best podcast mate
absolutely incredible
loved this podcast Geordie get Karl Pilkington on
Why did i watch this 😒
Lol the guy stuffs it in and crosses his arms like yes I'm a badass
Is this a live action Ed, Edd and Eddy?
I would have no problem buying some Szechuan sauce if IT WASN'T OVER £1000 ON EBAY FOR ONE. FUCK THIS SHIT
Capitalist at its best! 😂😂😂
you can buy szechuan sauce from the chinese down the road from me. they do it with seafood or meat
People in the comments will gladly hand over money for overpriced iPhones, celebrity endorsed makeup, cars, and sneakers etc but think it's dumb to buy a nugget dipped in sauce for ten bucks ......
The world is fucked.
:24 That is the face of defeated, beaten man.
Think for yourself, don't be sheep
Jimmy neutron in ten years
I thought Rick and Morty fans were supposed to be of higher intelligence? They bee getting scammed
Stupid niggers. This is why you are poor.
Rick and Morty fans belong in concentration camps
That’s cheap as fuck!!!
Szechuan sauce? Tf??\nBruh that dude handles money and then your nugget and sauce. Good luck with all that faecal matter on the nugget, you probably got some other sauce too 😷
ARE THEY REALLY THAT GOOD???
Rick and Morty is truly a show for intellectuals a fanboy shouts as he pays 10 dollars for a fucking chicken nugget...
'Capitalism is the most efficient system at resource distribution'
You should all kill your selves
50% men don't wash their hands after toilet, so there's a 50% chance he touched a penis before taking that nugget.
Sooooo... would any of you recommend I watch Rick and Morty?
people are so fucking stupid oh my days
0:31 the look on that man's face just shows he wasted 10 fucking bucks on not even a 1/4 dipped chicken nugget
I like how everyone is crowding around him likes he’s the fucking messiah or some shit.
I don’t know why people are going mad for this sauce as it’s nothing to do with rick and Morty except rick referenced it in an episode and the promotion for the sauce isn’t even rick and Morty related
Look at all these troglodyte homunculi degenerates that the show itself mocks doing exactly as they mock others for doing.
That's a lot of Alexander Hamiltons
That last frame looks like the face of regret
I'm selling a bridge if anyone wants it? \n\nFucking idiots!
I’m a fan of rick of and morty but this fan base just pisses me off
That isn't Szechuan sauce because it doesn't come in a container like that.
This is what happens when a fanbase loses control.
Christ, this is sad.
Why anyone would pay 10 dollars for that when u can buy a big bottle for 3 dollars
There are some real fuckwits in this world
That guy got a barging I would of payed 100
Rick and Morty fans need to be exterminated from this earth. I'm not saying that to be an edgelord, I honestly desire for it to happen. The most cancerous beta male faggots in human existence.
Ever since Rick and Morty came to Netflix, the cancerous people who watch it has skyrocketed... Gj Netflix, another great series ruined by moron fans
That is literally the rickest move
A throwaway gag in a cartoon reveals the true number of room-temp IQ faggots in this country.
What a stupid fucking video.
I pray to  rocket man every night to drop a big, beautiful fat nuke on USA
This is 7 on trending
I’m a rick and morty fan but not like these stereotypes xD I’m just laughing at this
Guy selling is smart people buying are fucking idiots
I don't understand any of this...\n\nAm I retarded?
His face at the end lol\n\nPlease. Someone. Meme the fuck out of him
this makes me sad, what has humanity become
'is it worth it?' ... 'let me work it' ... 'I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it'
After seeing this video, it made me question what the fuck I'm doing here, why and how the fuck this is possible. Seriously WTF is real anymore. That shit probably has crack in it.
Click here to see the worst of the szechuan sauce riots https://youtu.be/CTDclOPKqt8
The guy eating the nugget is totally Jerry......
Why did he pay $10 and then put the whole chicken nugget in his mouth? Like surely to get the full taste you only put the bit with the sauce in your mouth so it isn't diluted by the chicken nugget taste. Just so many dumb actions in about 10 seconds
These are the men that voted for Hillary
This really is the end of western civilization isn't it?.... well we had a good run.
I dont understand what is going on here?
Is it worth it?! Is it worth it?\n\nSay no and you're the fucking moron that just spend 10 bucks on a chicken nugget.
shit like this reminds me that I should welcome the upcoming apocalypse with open arms, because faggots like these will be the first to go
Fuck me that sad, check the state of that cunts head aswell.  Block head.
A fool and his money are easily parted
I have officially lost faith in humanity
Filfiy  capitalist
I need it ffs
Communion
American weirdos
Anybody else like WTF
What a fucking legend
aaahahahha, gogo internet! make the sauce flow!
Worlds gone mad 🙈
Fucking sad fat americunts😂
Mc Jewed
The Chad Enterprise
Bunun trendde ne işi var amk?
Ahh, the human race.
Oh... my FUCKING GOD
Easy money I guess
Fucking autistic white people...
Wtf
True Entrepreneur 💯
I cant wait for WW3
WHY IS THIS TRENDING?
Sheep
What a legend
Only in America
Lmao this is trending #7
BASED
What a wanker!
IMFG
Peak capitalism
Wow the guy at the end eating it in slow motion examining every chew... such strange people.
Haters: Sees people enjoying a one time experience for £10 dollars. “Fucking idiots”\n\nAlso haters: Uses rent to buy designer clothing “to all of you who said I wouldn’t make it”
capitalism at its finest!!!!! restrict supply and you can raise prices massively!!!!!!!
So, from Cringey, cancerous autistic dickheads screaming I'm pickle Rick like a fucking pterodactyl (there's way better jokes) and now all this shit over a condiment?  \nYou gotta be a right fucktard to buy a nugget with a bit of shitty (and I believe it's not that nice) szechuan sauce of an equally sad fucktard 😂😂😂 \nBronies and weeaboos combined aren't as cringey as the Rick and morty fanbase, fucking losers.
That chicken nugget went down along with faith in humanity
I am not proud to be a rick and morty fan anymore
how does it feel to be American ......\nReply below ⬇️⬇️⬇️
Remember the good times when the rick and north fan base wasn't retarded\n\n\n\nNo neither do i
Check out the YouTube channel, Ryan does something every week, top quality content!
I fucking hate this planet
10,000 signatures, pah! Aim for 100,000 signatures and a Parliamentary Debate which would be AMAZING!!!!
Someday someone will be driving and see two signs, one with an incorrect soccer ball, and the other with a correct picture.\nMom, why is that sign different ?\nWell dear, it all began with a man by the name of Matt Parker...
you cant see the back of the football maybe it has pentagons there xD
Big up the crazy M32 it's crazy the traffic was even moving
I can't sign this :(\nBut have a question: Won't the maths you do on the roadsign not confuse the traffic?
wow you have too much free time to do this pls just get a real JOB.
I like how he made the distinction between our ‘proud’ history in science to our ‘long’ history (of failure) in sport
How do you know the football has all hexagons on the other side as well?
I think it's pretty obvious what's happening here, Matt. The signs are in 4D.  Adding another dimension would allow you to have a hypersphere made entirely out of hexagons. What you really want to do is demand the start using 3D signs instead of the confusing 4D ones. That'll fix your problems.\n\n\n\n(I actually have NO idea if the math works properly in 4D space. I'm guessing the have Euler numbers for hyperspheres as well, but I can't be bothered to check.)
Can i sign if I'm under 18 but British
I'm impressed sir.
Do you have to be over 18
Unfortunately Matt, I'm not British nor do I know anyone British
Do you have a corrected sign image?  I can only find aesthetically unpleasant versions.
Signed, and posted on FB. You already have 10k. Making it to 100k would be great. I would love to watch parliament discussing Euclidean geometry.
They do match euclidean geometry. That's the problem. They need to match spherical geometry
Why do you pronounce your n-gons so weirdly?
You made it to 10,000!
Sorry Linda, we can't get you that new dialysis machine but the good news is that our football road signs are realistic!
What about in higher dimension? Can balls have different euler charcteristics?
There are nurses using food banks and this guy is suggesting we waste taxpayers money changing a hundreds of steel signs; dude they represent the symbol of football well enough for it to be credible so leave it at that and focus on the more important issues...
Well, you can only see one side. The other side does not have to be hexagons. So it could be perfectly possible.
This guy needs to get off his high horse
I think we have *slightly* more pressing problems
I’m sorry but there are people dying in the world and your worrying about a football on a road sign 🙄
Hi. I'm an electronics engineer and like maths a lot. So really enjoy your videos. I'm not a UK citizen but I do stand for this petition. So I shared your video on my Twitter channel, FB and sent to some co-workers who are UK citizens. Hope  the petition will work.\nKeep us posted please ...
10,000. Good job. (By the way, I'm really looking forward to seeing you and the rest of the Spoken Nerds perform in Cambridge. Exciting!)
Hahaha. This is hillarious. It now has >10,000 responses so the Government needs at least to respond!
But a tessellation of hexagons could form a Klein bottle... 🤔
What if you have a ball and just draw one hexagon on it? Then, allowing for the face of the hexagon to stretch around the ball, which must be allowed, because of course this happens in regular footballs, to a lesser extent, the ball is really made up of just two hexagons. One is wildly distorted, but you said that even with that, it shouldn't be possible. Am I missing something?
let the mathematicians rule the world!
I dunno ... maybe they now want replace the ball in football with Frisbee. I heard shapes composed out of hexagons only make great planes. (plane? never new that this word has so many meanings)
mathsballs is one letter away from a VERY disconcerting website this channel might feasibly post.
I would sign, however I’m a United States citizen. I love the idea of you making this petition because it is humiliating for a country to be mathematically incorrect. Great idea and I hope that this petition will work!
maybe the pentagons are all around the back and we're looking at the blunt end of an egg shaped but geometrically possible 'ball'
I must be mad! I couldn't care less about football, but I will sign the petition because I also can't stand incorrect signs.\n\nDone!
Wouldn't that pattern look wonky in two dimensions? All hexagons looks cleaner. Then again, I'm not a mathamagician, and I never will understand your mysterious ways.
It's good to see someone finally tackling the big political issues
I hate football, it divides communities based upon an arbitrary choice.  But I love maths so I'll be singing.
It's not really like the uk has the cash to rectify this mistake when important things like the NHS are in disarray! I guess like you said, if they make any new signs in the future correct, it might be worth it to people who are that bothered by it!
I assumed I could sign if I'm a UK citizen living in US (for last 38 years) so I did.
I want one of those non-Euclidean soccer balls
stitching hexagons together to form a sphere is possible..! namely if the radius of that sphere is infinite (which is a plane)
Next, campaign for all skeuomorphic signs to be changed to reflect reality. The puffing billy train-crossing signs would be a start.
should've used the old Philadelphia A's elephant logo
10k passed.\n\nThe government must now at least make a response.
But who gives a shit
You should also offer up a design for the new sign to further persuade them (less work for the govt)
4:48 The old incorrect road signs could be fixed by putting a sticker of the new correct ball over the old one. That would be the most cost effective solution.
Maybe it was done for a readability standpoint.
Can you also fix Brexit please?
Is this ball really impossible? How do you know that the hidden faces are hexagons too? :)
Sorry can't vote, but your videos are great. Keep up the great work.
I would love to support you Brits in this quest for change, I unfortunately am not British :(
And you guys think America is obsessed with guns but you guys are talking about penta-guns and hexa-guns /s
This seems like something tax payer money should be invested in
Wow. That is a real Parker Ball.
I'd sign the petition but I'm from the land of the colonial rebels
Seriously are the British calling them pentigins and hexigins now. It's your own language people! Speak it right!
sorry pal not wasting the tax payers money because all these signs are a bit off
Matt, the ball on the sign is 2d, so clearly we outsourced the signs from flatland.
Signed!\nWas pretty painless. Thought there were going to be more fields to fill in.
What about the taxi sign that shows a bus and a motorcycle?   Although theoretically both could be used as taxis (at least if the motorcycle has a sidecar), I would venture to guess that the majority of taxis in the UK are not shaped like that.
That is a hilarious petition. I love it!
For real? You want the government to spend how many thousands of Pounds on fixing signs that bother, what, one person out of 500000?\n     As an American, I can't really say how the Government in England works, but I don't think it's THAT much different than what we have here in the States. I'll grant you, mistakes like this are annoying, but don't you think the limited resources of the English government should be spent on more appropriate things?
you killed me at lovecraftian monster
Only British citizens? What, do you own maths? Oh wait, you do. Well, maybe I'll start a petition to change all SOCCER balls to have their MATH fixed.
But... Is maths related to science ?
I think we have bigger problems.
Who actually cares about the shape of a ball on a sign ? Idiot 😂😂😂😂
Maybe you could print geometrically correct stickers and stick them over the incorrect sings. I call that mathematical vandalism.
i will try to get a few friend i know to sign it.
I had no idea about the pentagons! That's why I could never draw a good football when I was younger, it was literally impossible to make them fit!
But seriously, who gives a shit.
It seems you have a lot of free time
Government has to respond!!\n\n6 months to get another 90k signatures for it to be considered by parliament
Soccer*
Lol who cares?
Wierdo
You've hit 10,000. Congratulations!
so
Nice
Congrats on the 10k!
Congratulations, Matt! 10,000+ signatures
Hexigins
Ayyyyy Bristol pretty good place
win for Euler again
Done
Yeah no thanks I don't want to waste millions of tax payers money on this useless change.
Petition to have all U.K. People pronounce hexagon and pentagon right
You need to get help. Who cares? It looks like a football. Its good enough
I am a lying liar and signed even though I'm not in the UK.  This travesty just cannot be allowed to stand!
a proper football\nyou mean the brown almond shaped one?
I think there's a more pressing issue, you drive on the wrong side of the street.
It doesn't matter! It's just a sign. You think us UK taxpayers should pay for all the signs to be changed? Get a life
Who actually gives a shit lol
UK: *gets mass stabbings every 5 minutes*\nUK: * gets hit by terrorists in trucks*\nUK: *mass rape epidemic*\nUK:*collapsing healthcare system*\n\nCitizens: Fix the footballs on our road signs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PENTAGINS
Is there a mathematical space where hexagons could make a ball? Higher dimensions or hyperbolic space?
Does the uk have a name for what america calls football like do they call it handball?
Liam completely crazy. This rocks!
Careful with the chicks Liam, you’ll get in trouble again.
Pull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
Liam reminds me of a softer version of Phil Anselmo in this.
Liam can't sing like he used to. How voice sounds like an old man trying to do a Liam Gallagher impersonation from the 90's.
Best part is I was there and HOLY FUCK trust me when Joe Perry got on stage\nI punched my friend in the arm and said This is gonna be fuckin AWESOME!
Why is he reading the lyrics it's a beatles classic?
THIS IS ROCK N ROLL, SHIT MORONS
The funny thing is ppl here worried about he fucked up the lyrics. Hahaha.   LIAM.  A FUCKING LEGEND
Liam scum of the earth Gallagher. Move along Liam and let the professionals sing as you can't sing for crap and don't know the lyrics... can we say amateur much.
When random crowd chick knows the song better than dude from one of England's greatest rock bands
Its a mash up but I liked it.   Not about getting it spot on exactly; having a good time is more important.
I love Liam but i'm seriously disappointed in him for fucking the lyrics up!!!
Oof how the mighty have fallen. He's too old to be doing the trainwreck dance. Be more like Noel. Classy, cocky, confident, delivers.
Who would have thought over a century ago that the drummer from Nirvana and the frontman of Oasis would be playing on stage together, mint.
People taking Liam too serious are either Americans or boring.
It’s the 2nd coming....
this thing is a total nonsens haha
That was rock and fucking roll
I like this shit....Liam is 100% Rockstar...! Its real....\nI miss Grunge.....
Lead guitar is so off...like liam...damn
I'm the like 1k 😎
Liam is the ultimate frontman, he just owns it
Who TF doesn't know the words to this?
So talented!!!\nTrue Rock'n'Roll Star
Didn't know gallagher liked aerosmith \nI know that the beatles originally did this
Now we see how tough Liam is! He dares to come and present the song without knowing the word! Who else dares? 10/10
Sounds like an old drunk
I fucking love this!  Kinda wish too see it again with Liam being sober haha but he's just being the rock n roll legend he is
Epic fucking night, it was amazing! :)
First time ever someone steals the show from Dave Ghrol... of course gotta be Liam Gallagher...
Glad to see a bunch of positive comments about Liam on here. Lots of people at CalJam (I was there) were pissed off that he forgot the lyrics and Growl invited him on stage. As I was leaving a bunch of cunts were going Who the fuck is Liam Gallagher and why the fuck was he invited on stage. I'm from California but I've listened to the bands in the Britpop era and I love Oasis. Not a lot of Americans know how amazing the albums are, and the only song they know from them is Wonderwall, but Oasis records remain gold.
Well it started off great with Liam singing haven't heard him sing like that! haha that would be great if he were to finish the song and remember the lyrics!
He went straight for the chorus after the first verse and forgot there's a second one first, haha
Pure Rock'n'roll Jam !!! Pure Legend(s) !!
Eh pc brigade thos is rock ...you let your hair down and go let it outttt!! Liam i respect you ..no fan boy but kick ass album...swagger ..and mental RnR !! Enjoy when its gone youll be pissing in moaning like that crack pots you are...mad fer it!!!!
Liam fucking crowd surfing after then what a fucking hero 😂😂😂
Pmsl song ended and he was still crowd surfing 🤣😂 fucked up all the words pmsl ...
Sometimes shit don't go well and that's what makes it rock n fucking roll people. Enjoy it when it's great & when it's shit. Just laugh and rock out 🤘
Liam ist ein riesen scheiß Idiot.
This is the best thing I have ever seen! Liam is a fucking legend
Manc cock
I think that 17 is the return of RnR like 77 people had enough from disco like us from electropop shit and stuff
just when you thought LG's hellraisin days were over...
Did Liam get back alive tho????😐
In Love
Iconic
Hi
“I am John Lennon!!!!!!”
it's madness , i love it ! It's not just a simple cover and his voice 😍
Fucking goosebumps
That was awesome!
Piece of crap.
Am I awake
This collab would just never happen
Pure trash.
Legendary!
Suena muy bien!! ❤
Demasiado brutal
ROCK ICON
Muito massa!!
Liam, best person.
Excellent bordel de merde
JOE FUCKING PERRY!
This is hilarious Liam is steaming!
Warum ist dieser Sänger so beliebt? Es ist eines der bekanntesten Songs der Beatles und er bekommt es nicht auf die Reihe sich den Text zu merken steht auf der Bühne als ob er ein Stock im A.... hat.
Liam was supposed to be a huge Lennon fan but he's f#ucking up lyrics big time. May he should have sang Obladi-Oblada or Maxwell's Silver Hammer. What a loser. What a tool.
Was hoping for something better. Dave should have done vocals...
Liam is so drunk, he messed up so much... he was about to go into the chorus after the first verse// Come together!! that was horrible
Can someone explain to me why people think Liam is a rock legend or as talented as one would need to be to be considered a legend? Is it the media slights, drunken swagger, and general give-no-shits personality? Not asking rhetorically.
Huge fan but this is awful
Am I the only one that feels it was kinda douchey that he had to have the lyrics in front of him, even more so to hold it up in front of the crowd? Liam seems beyond bored this point... His performance of Wonderwall at Cal Jam was sad, just blah...
Ladies and gentlemen. Liam Gallagher completely destroying a Beatles song.
What you don’t know what happened after 😅\n\nhttps://youtu.be/XBs1wBMRDcY
The crowd has NO IDEA who Liam was... sad state of music fans these days
That sucked, I love Liam but wtf, he don`t know the lyrics and sings wrong, holds up a frikkin paper but still sings wrong hahaha, no no this sucked.
Liam Gallagher is a massive prick. This was pretty shit. (I'm only here coz it's trending).
Now I remember why I always liked Noel Gallagher more.
I love liam, but he couldn't have fucked that up any more if he tried.
Where is this from!!!!?????
Liam doesn't even know the words?  Ill-prepared amateur.  What a d-bag
Maybe try and get a couple of words in the right order.
Liam can’t sing for shit
What's w the gal who comes on stage & starts singing... is that just like, a fan?
Fuck off, that public doesn't know the song.
would've been class if he got the words right
If he did this at a karaoke bar you'd tell him it was time to go home.
I’m sorry but people saying “this is rock n roll” whilst Liam awkwardly tries to crowd surf is the furthest thing I’ve seen from Rock n Roll.
who let that ape on stage?
John Lennon's rolling over in his grave after this asshat butchered his song.  I was there and this was not the rock and roll moment others are calling it, it was freakin lame.  I didn't go see this douche perform when he was on the main stage for this very reason.  What an idiot!  Go have another fight with your brother, that would be more entertaining!
Can the Liam fanboys stop saying 'biblical' to everything? It's getting sad now kids.
KERMIT!\nOh, drunk kermit.
Liam Gallagher is a prick
ONE word - Disgusting.
You'd think for a massive Beatles fan and wannabe-Lennon that he'd know this song...
More like Lame Gallagher :)
This is MENTAL 💛💛💛💣
Great I love #LiamGallagher ❤️
What a total utter bellend.
Omg he doesn't even know the lyrics, he is supposed to be a big Beatles fan 😅
Hey :]\n\nDemetrious Johnson 7:42\n\nMax Holloway  29:48\n\nIan McCall 49:38\n\nCarlos Condit 1:13:51\n\nFrankie Edgar 1:33:30\n\nJohn Alessia 1:53:02\n\nEverlast 2:18:25\n\nDarrion Caldwell 2:39:18\n\nTony Furguson 2:55:45\n\nRic’s Picks 3:28:49
How about having Eddie Bravo on? He trains some top UFC/mma fighters and can promote EBI which is damn exciting for any bjj/mma fans. C'mon Ariel, show Edgy Brah some love.
Honestly, while I have the utmost condolences of what happened in Vegas, I do not want to be constantly reminded of it. I came here for MMA, not for news.
I hope Tony never stops telling us about his training in Big Bear.
Please make the into screen longer next time
love you to DJs kids lmfao. Ariel your a good man bro thanks for all your shows.
Ric stop getting upset about Aerial talking during your Intro it is a terrible intro anyway. I'd rather keep listing to Aerial talk than that damn intro.
It makes my mind ache the fact that a person such as Carlos is not doing well enough after the years he has spent in the sport. Hope they start paying more money, so these guys can get rewarded for the risk they are taking.
The earth is still flat and dj is the goat
Man Condit is such a good dude very under rated...that Maia fight was a disappointment but I feel Condit still causes problems for anyone would love to see Condit vs Cerrone Condit vs Woodley Condit vs Wonderboy\n\nHope he's well off, dude was doing medical stuff? Sounds like he hated it cant go from fighting in the UFC and being top 5 to work a regular day job. \n\nGet in the gym Carlos everyone knows grappling is your weakness work on it and destroy 170
No sound?
MMA HOUR get Gegard Mousasi Fighting BELLATOR 185
Saki vs. Roundtree is a dope ass fight.
Tony Ferguson rocks!
It is what it is
Tony just rambles on....lol....love that dude though!👊
Uncle Creepy spiraling...
Show with sound begins @ 3:58
GooD To SeE HelwanI AnD CucuY BacK TogetheR <3
LIST OF GUESTS PLEASE
Might need to re-upload this --- missing the sound first 4 minutes of Ariel talking :(
DJ has been  gaming too much. He's calling Star Trek, Star Trak :D
Ferguson will desyroy mcgregor.
No one cares about DJ's record lol
Maybe in the 165lb division...AAAAAYYYYOOOOO!
Buy #assignment #dissertation #essay #coursework #thesis with 75% Discount | writershelp.co.uk/
Max Holloway is so butt hurt.
Tony straight up Ferguson
NBK IS BACK!!!!
The mighty wizz bar.. really?
Tony Absolutely Ferguson
Holloway speaking truth
Ferguson is cool.
Tony I went big bear Ferguson..
Ian McCall delusional
2:56:54 Was that a cart from Tony?
Ian McCall is transitioning into a woman.
Ian McCall is such a garbage fighter. He should be happy that UFC let him stay this long.
When you get home from Taco Bell 2:56:54
lol @ ric thinking that push by GSP is real and that he's upset
Ric: Who said it was the best sub?\nAriel: OHHHHHH MMYYYYY,,,\n\nHAHA favorite part is when Ariel and Ric just talk. Both actually understand and know what is happening.
every time a bigger name fighter has a bad weight cut.....OMG we need more weight classes.   because you know that will end bad weight cuts.   Forget all the factors that come into play.
Was it muted in the first 4mim for everyone else too?
I wish Condit will go into acting, the guy has something about him, I wanna see him in some movies
theeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee mixed martial arts hour back in. your llife.  same time same place same blababalal until then i say peace......im outta heeeeerre
Caldwell breaking the record for most stoned guest of all time
DJ and Max are class acts...
that momo tho, god damn. requirements >11win streak. what a harsh life man.
Anyone else look up Conor McGregor on a boxing database, cause he's on there.
37:40 got yea
Ariel is so cringe. Stop trying to psychoanalyse the fighters, you say the same thing about the fighters you interview being completely different people nearly every single time. You look for depth where it isn't there.
Tony the real champ
2:56:54 that was a good fart
Anyone else have muted audio in the beginning of the video?
Tony Ferguson rides the short bus.
It is absurd UFC did not give all the belts won by DJ.
What's up with the lack of audio before 4:00?
Hi
Tony's been writing a book? What's it called Cat? And then you open the book and there is a picture of a cat and an arrow with the word Cat in bold. Then you turn the page and its another type of cat with an arrow and the word Cat!.  Just 50 pages of that. I'd buy it.
The earth is flat
Omf the Earth is flat......lmao....😁😁😁
El Cucuy. love the work ethic and your fighting style... you are a really great fighter, a top 3 lightweight in the world, but your striking game and movement. i can't see anything but you getting KO'd in 1 vs conor...and vs khabib...if Lee took you down that many times my lord the difference.
I like Tony but he can be full of himself sometimes when he talks about how exactly he likes the fight to go down after a win.  Give me a break Tony....nobody wants a war like the fight you had with RDA.  And definitely you did not want to be mounted by Kevin Lee (you weren't getting out of that if it wasn't for the bell).  Just say it like it is Tony.  With that being said, you're a great fighter.  \n\nHope you get that Mcgregor fight.
Lol Tony, delusional. Conor gonna kill him within 2. Lando Vannata had you doing the chicken dance and you think you can handle a combo from Conor?
Tony might be weird and a genius at the same time.
Vegas shooting was a hoax #StayWokeFaggots
DJ trew him in the air and jumped into a flying armbar, he is the greatest.
Fans love you Frankie!!!
Im a musician of 30yrs. \n I must say Everlast's performance was VERYimportant, he grasped that and wasted nothing, he took that moment did Xactly what was needed, healing. Big respect to the man. BIG RESPECT!
Max blessed will be the goat by the time he retires! His resume kills DJ's plus he grew up in the UFC
conor will destroy this guy
Hard to listen to DJ when his kids won't stop talking. I know kids are kids, but it's still tough on a phone interview. Had to skip his to the next one, sad, but it is what it is.
Ian mccall is such a douche im gald he dont fight anymore
Yes Ariel the pro Mcgreggor fans are very annoying. Good to hear I'm not the only one who can't stand them.
You should of had DJ on longer
Not as good as Knack 2 tho
Darn I missheard it as 'doom' and got very excited for a second
Women in the sci-fi sequel are either prostitutes, holographic housewives or they die brutal deaths that we are forced to watch in horrifying detail.
Please review Zoombies, i beg of you.
The Force Awakens was a garbage movie. Why everyone on the internet collectively sucked the movie's metaphorical dick is beyond me.
Oh good. A great sequel came along...and it bombed big.
You should review IT
Thank god this film just wasn't a fucking bastardizing franchise starter (*cough... cough... An New Hope)
The journey of K is so fascinating and kept me on the edge the entire time. Wonderful film and in the rare category of a sequel being as good or better than the original.
Only shitty bit was the shoehorned rebellion sections other than that everything else was phenomenal.
A visually satisfying dream-like experience from beginning to end with the minimalistic cinematography of legend Roger Deakins. Contributing to the atmospheric world of Blade Runner comes Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch who do a brilliant electric thunderous score to the atmospheric word of LA 2049. This is  definitely without a doubt, Denise Villenueve’s minimalism ‘cyberpunk’ masterpiece. Roger Deakin’s cinematography and Villenueve’s dark, grungy, vibrant directing style go hand in hand. They both seriously should work together more often, they both know what they’re doing. Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford were electrifying as always. Will definitely go back for another time to rewatch this beautiful artistry.
Holy fuck when you said he wanted to make a Dune my heart skipped a beat.
the entire middle of this movie, from the scene with love and madam, to the fight between love and k, is the single most chilling and impressive and awe-inspiring stretch of filmmaking i have ever seen
My one issue with the movie is that there's a little too much sequel baiting. Like they went out of their way to deliberately set up characters and plot threads to not resolve so they can make a Blade Runner 3. The entire subplot surrounding the conflict between the Wallace corporation and that replicant resistance. \nI guess you could argue thats just the backdrop for the main Gosling/Ford plot, and that the resolution was now that K has proved replicants can procreate they now have something to rally behind. They have cause for a revolution. But its left pretty open ended. Wallace is still making replicant slaves and they aren't fighting back.\nOtherwise, really great movie.
I also thought that Jared Leto was exceptional in this movie. His portrayal of that character was very convincing.
I just saw this and my feelings are decidedly mixed.  The production design was amazing and really feels like both a vision of our future and also a continuation of the original.\n\nHowever..\n\n*Spoilers*\nThe central conflict makes *absolutely no sense whatsoever* You are NOT going to convince me that growing people in tanks on an industrial scale is *less* efficient than our own, very sloppy, very slow, very risky method of reproduction.  If Wallace had wanted kill the child so he could stop the Replicants from gaining independence, that would be one thing but he doesn't.   He wants to breed Replicants, which makes no sense.  Replicants where used because they where 1. Disposable and 2. Easily Replaced.  If you have to have Replicants have kids then wait 20 years for them to grow up they are no longer disposable nor easy to replace. Really that little internal inconsistency just sent me hurtling out of the experience.
I liked the movie overall and the cinematography was undoubtedly phenomenal, but I did have a several problems. Maybe some will be resolved after a second viewing like with the original, but maybe not.\n\nSPOILERS\n\n1. The main plot point (replicant's pregnancy) is really only treated as a miracle with no explanation. Artificial beings with emotions are completely within the suspension of disbelief of a sci-fi movie because we might very well come to that point, but we know how biological birth works and the movie never even drops a hint of how that could be possible.\n\n2. The villains are really quite weak. The killer fem-bot's character is very inconsistent, one moment acting like an obedient machine, another showing cruelty and strong emotions for no reason. I understood what Roy Batty and his crew were after, but I never felt like I got Luv's character. Wallace, then, is just a very strange character, too mysterious for his own good. He wants to use the replicants as slaves and to accelerate their creation with Rachel's reproductive ability, but isn't independent reproductivity exactly what would make the replicants free and equal, therefore much harder to enslave and control?\n\n3. The abilities of the replicants are also very inconsistent. In the original movie, I never questioned their deaths since they all died of gunshot wounds, but why can a replicant drown just as easy as a normal human? What's even the point of making so many replicants when they have so many human weaknesses and their only apparent physical advantage is that they punch a bit harder? In the first movie I thought they were so human-like mainly because Tyrell was playing God and wanted to create beings more human than human, but Wallace seems to be following a much more practical goal.\n\n4. Is there anyone actually working in the police department? Does Wallace have unlimited control over the police forces? If not, then how can someone, the same person even, just waltz into a morgue and a high-ranking cop's office, murder someone in cold blood and leave like nothing happened? Maybe there's a deleted scene showing the inner corruption and Wallace's true power, but it seemed pretty strange in the movie.\n\n5. So can we all agree that the ending isn't happy at all and both Deckard and his daughter will be surrounded by Wallace's goons in a few hours or days? There's no way they'll consider Deckard dead without finding his body, especially with the shot-up hovercars and opened cuffs. They've found him in the middle of a radioactive desert, how long will it take in a city right under their noses? They'll soon find K's body on the steps of the memory lab, put two and two together and just like that Deckard's entire 30-year-long sacrifice is in vain. He can't escape with his daughter because of her immunity problem, so it's only a matter of time before Wallace comes for her and starts dissecting.
The soundtrack was utter shit though and often unnecessary.
Heading out to see it a second time tonight.  Lets hope a rough opening weekend doesn't mean bad things for that Dune remake.
Ok well it's not an improvement but it's a very good blockbuster and sequel.
I just googled the box office results. Opening weekend. Just over 30 mil. It cost 150 to make. I understand that profit is something everybody wants, but the people I really connect with are those that are happy to break even, perhaps even take a small loss, in order to create something that is remembered and studied and genuinely has you revisiting to appreciate. I will be going to see this movie again to make sure more like this get made. Now you too :)
Visually it was beautiful. I loved the atmosphere, I felt immersed in the world. What I didn't like is the story which is meh at best and pointless at worst, like how K is spared for no reason after being beaten the shit out of, or how Deckard is being brought to a whole other planet just to be interrogated. Makes no sense
I always find it interesting if I have another opinion on a movie than the majority and so I ask you guys what I might've missed here. \n\nFirst of all, I I LOVE the original, surely a Top20 film for me. I also like Villeneuve, especially Arrival and Prisoners, while Sicario was ok (Enemy was not my thing at all so it's useless to complain about it I guess. I'm just not into surrealistic stuff).  \n\nSo to my experience with the new Blade Runner: I did not care for this movie at all. It was not horrible or anything, but I felt myself completely unengaged the whole time. The performances were alright, but what exactly did Ryan Gosling do to deserve praise here? Adam says great, just as usual - and I agree with the second part. He mostly just stares into the void (remember the RLM video where they wanna cast Rich Evans as the lead?).\n\nThe visuals where definitely good but how could you feel that they were better than the original. 1982's Blade Runner, for me, ist THE BEST looking movie ever (not the best movie, but the best looking). This one, well, looked good. But it never managed to make me gasp or anything like that. I actually even found the Ghost in the Shell Remake to be better looking.\n\nThe soundtrack was the only thing that I actively like here, but, well, a lot of it was pretty similar to the original score, so I don't wanna give to much credit for that. \n\nAnd what I really don't get at all: how on earth was this movie superior in terms of conetent than the original. Honestly, I can't even find any philosophical themes that weren't already there and were much better presented in the original. What was this movie even about? About dying for a greater cause being the most human thing? I honestly just don't know. \n\nAgain, the reason why I write this is because I look for someone who can explain this movie for me. Personally, I was never invested in the characters or the story. Both felt rather generic to me. I also couldn't really make out any new philosophical themes. And in the end I was just wondering: what was I supposed to get out of this?
All of you, go see this again.
Just watched the saw videos \nCan't wait for the new jigsaw to come out and you do a YMS on it
This movie is pretty but it's way worse than the original. It literally explores the exact same themes as the first and takes way more time to do it. The first didn't need a sequel. It's a film that shouldn't exist and besides being mostly very gorgeous it doesn't do anything to justify it's existence. all of the connections to the first film feel so strained and shallow.  I still liked it but no way in hell does it hold a candle to the original. IDK, I really want to watch it again but I really don't expect my mind to change.
A 9 (might change to 10)/10 from Adam. Are such things even conceivable?
Well, that pretty much covers all the movie critics I watch on Youtube confirming that i'm not mad and the film really is as amazing as I thought it was :D
Saw it high, best thing i ever did.
Holy shit, I expected this film to bomb. Guess we were all wrong.
I can’t wait until this comes out on 4K. The visuals were amazing!!
Jesus, I love that feeling of instant hard on when I'm exited for a movie and Adam says its phenomenal.
Don't know why Razorfist keeps bitching about this movie on Twitter.
Just watched it A+ movie, whatever movie this director creates is gold, must see
uhh I thought this movie was terrible, sexist, and incredibly boring lol
Holy shit I... did not expect you to like this film video movie, Adam.
Wow lots of 9's and 10's this year
Epsiode VII is simple garbage. Note how many people still refer to it. Each year that passes it gets worse and worse.\nWith BR2049 it will be exactly the opposite.
Great movie that nobody went to see...
I felt sorry for Ryan Gosling in this film. I haven't seen someone take that amount of a beating since Hilary last year.
I would fucking donate a pint of blood for this director to make a Dune movie
YMS: 128k views in less than a day = #10 on trending\n\nIdubbz: 10 million views in less than a day = no where to be seen\n\nNot bashing YMS here, love his content, but it really shows how youtube will prioritise content about certain things rather than things that actually define the term trending
Is it wierd if i go to see it alone? i dont have friends that like sci fi
It's not like we're gonna have flying cars in 2 years- \n*Challenge Accepted*
HE WANTS TO MAKE DUNE?\nHOLY FUCK!\nI hope they get Jodorowsky back on board, then history can make up for it’s mistakes
I cannot agree with you on the old blade runner being boring. This new film was enjoyable and like it overall but it got draggy at times
Let's just go ahead and give it up for YMS, the Pauline Kael of our generation.
11th on Trending in the UK! Congrats!
im surprised that the same person who made arrival made blade runner great
Damn, now I gotta watch it.
Watched it twice and considering a third today.
I'm seeing it tonight, but I think this one is going to have slow success or just be another cult hit. If it's really as good as all the reviews claim, but it's still not making money, then America is obviously happy with endless Baygasms and Snyder shitfests.
Watched this in a cinema with about 90 seats. I'd say maybe 8/9 of them where filled.
Anything said about this movie now is about its weak box office performance and  nothing about the achievement in filmmaking. Why the fuck does $$ equate the quality of the film in the public's eyes. At the same time I agree with adum, vote with your wallet and go see it again if you can and at the largest screen possible.
All ll I see is another unoriginal reboot, prequel, or sequel likely filled with anti-White and anti-American propaganda produced by more Communist pedophile Hollywood Jews.
First I've seen you and Charlie differ so much in opinion.\n\nThat said, i respect your opinion when it comes to movies more than Cr1tikal's, seeing as Charlie is more of a comedian than a movie critic
I had sex with a jar of grape jelly
It's a 2 hour and 43 minute film?   Wow, 6 more minutes and it could have been a 2 hour and 49 minute film.  That would have been a good bit of trivia.
Masterwork.\n\nI won't consider a lower appraisal. Underrating is blasphemous, punishable by ludovico technique (except with MDMA and/or cannabis instead of nauseating drugs) of both films plus supplemental film critique and analysis during a 3 day workshop. If the subject continues to evaluate at 'baseline' they will be evicted off-world. Attempting to return will result in a warrant for immediate 'retirement'.\n\nAlso there was a group of people out the front of the theater taking a vote on whether to see this or The Emoji Movie and tbh I'm glad they made the decision to see that trash because they would have almost certainly ruined my theater experience.\nThat said, during the showing somebody exclaimed that fucking horse in exasperation nearing the end of the film. Then when the credits began to roll said come on, let's not waste any more of our lives.\nGeneral audience die.
Interesting you liked this. I work at a cinema and the overwhelming reaction from people so far has been it was pretty to look at but shit :')
Who else is up for Denis Villeneuve doing Dune? Fuck yes.
Her eyes were green
I give your review a 10 out of 10
Am I the only one who didn't like it? A film where every screen could be a poster is monotonous.\n\nYeah Ryan was amazing and the set design, vfx and shots where amazing but what about the greater themes and character?\n\nSequel baited, huge run time, characters barely relevant to the plot getting loads of screen time.\n\nI can't help but feel it needed to be trimmed and focused so as to actually feel like it makes interesting statements or raises interesting questions.
I just saw it in IMAX last night. SEE IT.\nIf possible, I'd recommend IMAX, worth the price of admission.\n\nI'd like to see it again sometime, possibly in 3D for shits and giggles but it might burn my eye sockets out for watching for 2 hours and 45 minutes.
Is that Olofmeister in the thumbnail?
I just watched this movie in cinemas about 5 hours ago, and I've come home wondering what Adam's opinions may be...\nIt figures he just put up a video. Lucky timing that is.
Denis Villeneuve HAS to be a replicant, I mean, he's just TOO perfect to be a human being at this point. Directors are either be a benefit or a hazard, if they're a benefit then they aren't my problem.
Guys we can either have directors like Wallace and Nolan Who deliver great masterpieces and give us a great cinematic experience \nOr we could directors like Snyder and Micheal bay Who deliver shit movies and give us crap cinematic experiences
Dull, self indulgent nonsense. Complete with clunky dialogue and cardboard performances.
tfw you liked Jurassic World
No thanks.
French-Canadian director FTW!!
This movie was a surprise, I thought it would be an action movie full of Pew Pew and member blade runner ...
I am completely ok with someone doing another shot at Dune... Just so long as it doesn't end up a dull, mile long miniseries again. Hell, let the guy fiddle with it as much as Lynch did, without yanking it away at the last minute. As a small aside... Why did I just have to tell autocorrect 'ok' was a word... >.>
You can't call it a masterpiece and give it a 9
>Voting with our Wallets\n\nAnd audiences voted not to see this movie, since it's doing really poorly at the box office. Looks like people are more interested in capeshit and seeing Star Wars films, instead.\n\nSad!
Wow. He never gives better than an 8/10. Thinking about giving a 10/10 makes it sound flawless from a yms perspective. I can't believe they would make a 3 hour movie that's good today. Ever since the 80s good movies were almost always under 2 hours and 3 hour movies were transformers movies.
Why is this trending but not Ethan's video on YouTube bullshit which has way more views in way less time
Will people stop doing Dune please, they fuck it up every time
*books IMAX tickets* i was going to go to my local cinema but it sounds too good to do half-measures
blade running time 2,049 minutes
#10 ON TRENDING BABY BOY
Sorry, I disagree.
Good review
Dune is gonna be fucking lit.
Star Wars - Episode 666: Endless Lightsabers\n\nOh no.\n\nOh no!\n\nOOOOOOHHH NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
some interesting things here\nhttp://yobuilder.com/1IK1
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hype!
Meh didn't like it
Subscribe chanel gw linknya di bawah
Quicki:  It 2017 plz
Shit moive
https://journal-neo.org/2017/10/07/israel-s-role-in-the-cataclysm-to-come/
The original was great and I am really looking forward to the remake
YMS actually loves a mainstream movie? Amazing. HolyfuckHolyfuckHolyfuck I wan't to see this!
I thought it was a good movie... but it was also rather slow burn. I totally get why some people didn't like it. And I felt that at some points they could have shortened the film a bit. :)\n\nStill, visuals were interesting, acting was great, plot was good and had a sense of mystery and all that... and the point of view was refreshing!
Denis didn't release a film in 2014.
Will I be able to enjoy it if I've never seen the first one?
Adam giving a movie a 10?
everyone needs to put her out of her misery and not vote for her to stay another week.
Charlotte doesn't have the technique or is even entertaining on the dance floor.... it's normal that her scores are low same with Ruth p.ex Susan may not be a great dancer but you can see she's enjoying herself..I much rather watch a bad happy dancer than a train wreck :(
Firstly, Charlotte looks like a matured version of Taylor Swift. But quit trying to make her look sexy, Brendan. She's clearly not comfortable looking sexy. Somehow I felt she was not keeping to the steady tango walk (she went up and down against Brendan), I think she forgot to flex her knees. Not good still. 5
Yeah, that foxtrot seems a million miles away now. She's just getting shoved around. Also, shut up Brendan. 3.0/10
Are we still doing phrasing?!
Why is this trending.
Dragged from pillar to post... poor girl. Nerves again got the better of her I think. Could have been dynamic and staccato with the right paring...\n\nI just don't think they are gelling at all. Charlotte looked MORTIFIED when Brendan had a go at Shirley... Not nice to watch on an entertainment show. These two clearly have beef off-set. We the public don't want or need to see that.\n\nI hope they go tonight, getting unpleasant again (he was ott on 'It Takes Two' last week.) sadly and no-one should display the anger that Brendan did there... poor. Bring on Neil next year and get rid of Brendan.
I think that the judges were fair and there was no need for Brendan to answer back to the HEAD judge like that. He was just dragging her across the floor. I didn't like it
Awful he had to drag her to keep her frame up . And Brendan giving flack to Shirley since she started can he not take being judged by a woman? His snarky comments help no one especially Charlotte
Terrible dance and she's getting dragged across the floor! Also Brendan's attitude needs to be sorted, it's a competition but at the end of the day it's a bit of fun. He takes it too seriously, that's not what dancing is about!
The judges were quite harsh, but Brendan had no excuse to act like such an ass. \nI don't think she's enjoying the competition at all, would probably be relieved to go out this week tbh.
Didn't enjoy this one. Charlotte just seemed awkward and uncomfortable through out. Also Brendan's comment was completely uncalled for. Well done to Bruno for calling him on it.
She should have gone home, just doesn't seem to care and no effort is shown, this dance would have been amazing if it was someone else
Trending? More like Tossed money at YouTube.\n\nYou really expect us to believe that this video that hasn't even hit 100k views in over a day is trending?\n\nGeeze just make a tab called  'Paid Promotions' please.
Surprising, if disappointing, lack of Archer related comments...
Well done Brendan for sticking up for your lady in a respectful way.  Shirley was unkind and Bruno joining in just made him look like a  bully
yasss the old Brendan is back
She is so graceful, but he pushes her about too much and makes the dance about himself. The dance would be much less stunted if he wasn’t pushing her around. Also do keep your mouth shut Brendan. You are the most unpleasant dancer we’ve had on strictly, and you have no right to try and correct a judge, especially Shirley, head judge. Well done to Bruno to putting you in your place.
Someone please explain what rise and fall is?!?!?!
I'm surprised Brendan is still on the show as I don't think he has the spirit of it- too serious
So glad Bruno backed Shirley Ballas and told Brendan where to shove it. Utterly disrespectful, he's always had such an anger problem.
This had rise and fall, and her frame was not strong enough. 4/10.
Bloody hell people, what's the matter with you? This was a perfectly acceptable dance for week 2. She had a few moments of rise and fall, but it certainly wasn't as much as Shirley seemed to think. Brendan stuck up for Charlotte because Shirley crucified her dance when it wasn't deserved; she'd make marked improvements and had many good points to praise. It's clear that Charlotte lacks in confidence, and I feel that Shirley comments were more about knocking Brendan than they were about critiquing Charlotte. There were other pairs that night who were spoken to far more kindly than Charlotte was and her performance was far better. I think the judges sometimes forget that they are speaking to other adults, not children.
I do see where everyone is coming from but brendon is just saying what he has to say because most peole just smile and nod their heads but i surpose everyone was being harah except charlotte
i like Charlotte...but my God...she is awful
I think that Shirley was too harsh. What she said was right but she talks to some in a rude way rather than a constructive way! Brendan was a bit quick to argue back but I think he could hear the way she talks to others in comparison to the way she talks to charlotte and I'm not surprised he was angry! Charlotte was nervous and clearly just needed someone to acknowledge her efforts rather than just lay into her. It is only week 3
Can I get a thumbs up here folks? Hey @BBCStrictly - you know what makes for uncomfortable television? Not watching poor old Charlotte plod around the floor - but watching that angry, narcissist Brendan Cole. He can't take a woman judging him, especially one that knows more about dancing than he ever will and that also beat him to the judging position he wanted. He's rude, disrespectul, takes himself waaaay too seriously and should be warned that if he keeps this up he'll be off the show. Nobody wants to watch this angry man bring the show down. Tell him to shut it - or leave.
She has no personality... Such a boring contestant..
She didn't seem comfortable at all and there was almost no sticatto from Charlotte. She showed promise in Week 1, but I feel like she's only gonna shine in those Waltz-esque dances.\n\n4/10
Charlotte is like a mannequin.
Ah yes, there is a little rise and fall towards the end. Not down low enough and she is an awkward, self conscious dancer but maybe she can improve.
Charlotte looked gorgeous but unfortunately she looked prettier then how she danced this was a hot mess 4/10
Unfortunately, this dance didn't suit her. Her posture and her frame were bad. Her footwork was bad - no heel leads at all. In addition, there was no emotion, she didn't portrayed the character of this dance... she looked  cold and even nervous.... the choreography was great, her musicality was excellent and her standing spin was very good, but the rest of the dance (in terms of hold, posture, technique and performance) were disappointing. A 5.
Disaster, Charlotte is way too far to the right of Brendan which is distorting the frame. This seems like a rushed job as she appeases to be skipping along the floor which is creating the illusion that they’re using rise and fall which is not the way a tango should be done... Totally agree with Shirley. I score this a 3.
She’s hurtin’ for a squirtin’
She looks REALLY uncomftable
DANGER ZONE!!!
WHO IS HERE JUST TO SEE IF SHIRLEY WAS RIGHT ABOUT THE RISE AND FALL LOL
They're through for another week
If this was a dance that required 'Rise and Fall' the judges would probably have said that it was non existent. Bruno is the arch exponent of rise and fall,  he can barely keep his posterior positioned on his chair.
i'm going to be generous with my remarks here. Charlotte definitely gets nervous beforehand and that affects her ability to dance. I think she played the character of the Tango very well actually. my mark - 6.
Charlotte gets nervous ,she looked great,but I bet she doesn't like showing so much flesh..that effects her dance routines..I thought harshly marked as much improvement...up to judges to give her confidence not tear into her.judges you can tell have their favourites...strictly possibly coming to the end of its run now!
Brendan was disrespectful to Shirley. His choreography is not really that good nor is his teaching style. Remember what happened with Anastasia? He just couldn’t choreograph something that would make her shine or teach her basics. He gets sick and in come Gorka. He taught her and choreographed a beautiful routine which was her highest score. Brendan returns and they get eliminated. I think it’s time for him to go
Hm, I did like it though. Wasn't the best dance ever of course. But still enjoyable. I think the judges votes for them are more of a personal vote than a professional vote. They are really harsh on Charlotte, and also Brendan should better keep his mouth closed, it will only get his partner in trouble....
Beauty... But dead behind the eyes
Gosh i want her out, she's just not good
A nice girl but a little stiff in the hips.
she looks gorgeous every week but my guess is she was terrified again because she looked joyless out there :(
Mr I Fancy Myself Strikes again I really hate him
Welcome back old Brendan! We didn't miss you.
Feel like Charlotte and Brendan don't get along... he takes it way to seriously and needs to relax a bit.  You can tell she is so tense especially when getting the scores
Brendan needs to learn to shut his mouth
terrble dragged around not good brendan was horrible to shirley 3/10
Brendan had a right to stick up for his partner.its only week three she never danced before(unlike some people on the show )u can tell sheirly dosnt like Brendan tentoin onto nights show proves it. Well done u to u can improve each week.xx
Brandon is known to be hotheaded but for her sake he needs to be carafull. It's all about her, not him.
Brendon said he messed up....where in the routine did he mess up?
No sense of rhythm.
The problem with Brendan is that he is insufferable. Even if he is part of s fantastic dance I still don’t enjoy it.
Brendan shouldn't have said there was no rise and fall until he'd watched the dance back. He'd made himself look a bit of an idiot after a few million of us had watched Charlotte rising and falling .....
Why the hell is this trending?
Why is this on trending? #8
I can understand why the rise and fall was there. If you look closely, you can see it's because she keeps quite low while moving in hold. When she straightens up in the dance to pose and because of her height it looks like a rise. I think Shirley is waay too harsh.
Why the fluff is this 11 on trending
As a dancer Charlotte is being throne round by Brendon because she is doing everything really bad like her frame no offence but also Brendon was very rude to the judges !
Charlotte looks like  a homeless Taylor swift
I don't see why people keep on hating on her 🤔 I know she's not the greatest dancer there but can't u see the improvement from last week. Brendon's answering back has just ruined it for her Because now she's caught up between the judges and Brendon disagreement .From now on I'm only expecting low scores and I literally feel so sorry for her 😩😭.i just hope that the judges give her a chance to boost her confidence like how she was like at the beginning of the show
this is disappointing i thought after her first dance she showed promise and potential but these last 2 dances have not been good she's in danger tomorrow i think Charlotte and Rev Richard will be in the dance off
She’s just shit
Change of the jacket and these two could easily play sandy and Danny 💙
She needs to feel more comfortable with Brendan, trust him and let him lead! Good week 1, but there is more improvement needed. 4/10
I congratulate her on coming back from last week's display, but the potential of her Foxtrot in week 1 is becoming a distant memory.If she survives this week, I hope she starts a) enjoying herself and b)discovering some performance skills and characterisation-I think that would help her actually and Brendan for that matter.
better than last week but there is still room for improvement
no offense but hopefully it's better in the dance off it should but if she isn't in the dance off she needs to come back strong better than last week but not good enough that motorbike looks expensive, 5
Wow nice cute but the best
A little improvement. Needs a little bit more improvement to get to week 4. 3
I'm disappointed. I said she'll pull it back with some ballroom this week, guess I was wrong. She could be in trouble. Not good. 4.
I protect these two so much, Shirley may have been right about the rise and fall but no need to tear the poor girl to shreds. Feel like the judges have it in for team Charcole, Craig was actually the nicest! Well, despite it being 3rd from bottom, a HUGE improvement on last week, well done! Just keep building that confidence up, fingers crossed for team Charcole!
Wooden horse comes to mind
How is this trending 😂😂
I'm seriously annoyed with Brendan acting like that, saying Shirley doesn't know what she's talking about, but I suppose I shouldn't be surprised.
Most gallant of Brendan to defend his partner.  Especially considering that the head judge has a tendency to mark down the female contestants.
What's a rise and fall?
Who else realises that Brendan has to make a speech every time him and his partner get slightly bad comments? - I can't be the only one. Right?\n\nBrendan was of course lying - that or he's a very bad choreographer. It had loads of rise and fall.
I wish the judges would stop being so harsh and having favourites!!! The dance was brilliant - I enjoyed it and I'm sure all #TeamCharcole fans enjoyed it as well!
Wasn't impressed last week but was a big improvement however the judges were too harsh on Brendan but his comments weren't appreciated\n5
I'm actually on Brendan's side with the whole Brendan and Shirley conflict! I like how he defends himself. Not a huge fan of Shirley
I no longer live where I can watch this live and am limited to the videos that are posted here on youtube.  A lot of the comments mention Brendan's comments.  What happened???
I apologize. Even though I'm a huge fan of the show, I don't know a lot about techniques of dancing and their names. What is a rise and fall? :)
Can we also appreciate the choir in this performance 😍😍😍😍
That's simply beautiful song ❤
anyone come here because of Erwin McManus? (Mosaic)
You won't find me in church (no!) reading the bible (no!)\nI am still here and I'm still your disciple\nI'm down on my knees, I'm begging you please\nI'm broken, alone, and afraid\nI'm not a saint, I'm more of a sinner\nI don't wanna lose, but I fear for the winners\nWhen I try to explain, the words run away\nThat's why I am stood here today\n\nGives me the Chills 😀👌💯 ❤
I listened to this song once last week, but this live version made me fall for it.
Tickets start pre- selling oct 11 !!! Best believe oct 10 12:59 I’ll be ready to hit the purchase button 💕
SEEING HIM LIVE IS GONNA BE A BLESSING 😩
Great song, love it.
Gawd i should be able to like this to my hearts content. Its so touching and true and his voice and those notes be still my beating heart.
OMG HE IS JUST...AHHHHHHHHH I LOVE HIM SO MUCH 😍❤️ BLESSED ❤️
thank you for this masterpiece...
I've been listening to this song for three days. Every time I listen to a new Sam song I'm like there's no way he can beat my last favorite. He done did it AGAIN. ...AGAIN. HOW. HE IS SO GOOD.
Beautiful and a meaningful song indeed. Everyone prays at the end.
Jad u don't have to be a Christian to pray. Pray for direction kid. It's someone looking out for all of us and he is higher than Christianity. Jesus was a Jew too. At the name of Jesus every knee will bow!
Around 2:40 this song just enters the stratosphere! So so good!
Who thinks a Sam Smith and Adele duet would be mindblowing besides me?
234 people have no taste.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!! so much talent
God Bless you Sam for making this song!
He killing every body
Please, someone should tell me that this is playback because is unbelievable!!!!!!!!!!
He looks great! Loving this new song
This whoopsie looks like he's got teh aids
My god. Goosebumps. The choir was awesome too.
Pressed like before even watching it!
His and Adele's baby would be gold
His voice gives joy to my heart.
Such a beautifully expressive voice,great track! Love it! Raw talent right here! ❣😍
I love this song listened to it for 24 hrs straight.
He has a perfect voice. Great talent.
Okay is this actually live or is he lip-synching? If it is live...damn that man has a flawless voice.
Sam Smith as an openly gay man would close 10000000x more women than every keyboard warrior calling him a Fag in this comment section.  Keep hating from afar you sad sad people.
Damn. I fucking LOVE this guy. So so so talented.
am i the only one who thinks he has LOst wight
This is so good, I aspire to be like him some day
Gorgeous performance! Bravo! But  what's  with his new style ?
I can`t stop to listen it!
So much better than the studio version, here we can hear his vocals clearly!
I see more awards in his future.
what a man 🔥x
We don't deserve Sam Smith..
He sounds just as good Live! Check out my cover of this song! https://youtu.be/DbZQFpp9kFk
he is a beast i love him
I just love him!!!!
My son loves Sam Smith. He is only 5 and cries when he listens
Sam smith please come to Korea... millions of ppl including me will most definetely love to hear your beautiful voice at the  concert
Sam smith with another masterpiece and another vocal master class
Love u Sam but that outfit is whack! Great song as usual
the subtitles are late
Why is he in his old pants though?
I want that jacket like now
Voice of pure gold.
how he appreciates everyone at the end melts my heart..Favorite artist of all time!!!
Every time I listen to this song I cry...his voice is just so beautiful😭😍
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 This Is Absolute Gold!! 😭😭
Am proud to be one of sam smith fan
He is so amazing!!!!!!
Sam has a beautiful voice! So talented!
OUTSTANDING !!! CANNOT STOP LISTENNING IT AGAIN AND AGAIN ..... GENIOUS !
His voice is gorgeous it sounds just as beautiful in person
Imagine him singing this with Jennifer Hudson
Sounds just like the track! 😍😍😍
I need to hear this really loud, a hundred times... lol.
I love this song so much.  fuck.
sam in the cute outfit
I'm not crying ur crying 😫💕😭
IM GONNA PRAY that Sam Smith makes another album after this one!❤️
I’m speechless omg this is the best live I’ve seen 😍😍😍❤️
love you sam
HINÃO ❤️🇧🇷
L a
💕 omgg in loveeee
Best song of 2017
Loveee you sammm
fucking incredible.
Sam, Sam, Sam wow! x
Another excellent single
So excited for album xxxxxxxxxx
effortless
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love it *-*
I
Loooove it 😍😍😍
Wow. Sounds like several Grammys.
His voice is godly
Yasss kill it babe
WTFFFFFF <3
😩😩😩😍🙌🏽Amazing as always 😩😭❤️❤️
😪😪😪😪
Amazing voice ! Beautiful song !!! ❤❤❤❤
KIRK!
Perfect♡
He's back !   Wouw!
Sam Smith! 👏👏👏👏👏 Sam Smith y'all!  👏👏👏👏👏
My dad 💓
He looks soo uncomfortable😨 ! (Great voice btw)
Amazing 😍
ok, man...dont forget to pray
2:46 so good 😍😍😍
voice of a MUDDDDAAAA FUUUCCKKIN ANGEL
unexpected perfection.
The old gun running away at the end killed me
Masterpiece comrade!!!
Could you please link the original video? I would like to listen to it with original audio :)
Best video on trending by far.
*C Y K A  B L Y A T  R U S H  B  I D I  N A H U I*
That's actually a normal day in russia
*C Y K A  B L A T*
YES! MAKE A SERIES PLZ SOMEONE
Congratulations I have discovered you. I am going to make you famous
пидарас, иди нахуй сука!
0:20 that punch was hilarious
Lmao this is pure jokes
Very very very fukin funny
Looks more like scotland
Trending 😍
Better than sex
Cyka blyat
cyka
classic Kolja
Hold tight skutnu hold tight asneej
Funny!
It's funny to laugh at retarded Russians
Pidar
Drunken aggressive Russians with no dress sense, well I never
Liberal youtube is trending this to portray Russians in a bad way, call me a nut or anything you want i don't care
How is this trending
Whoever made this video is a genius!!
Мда, вот оно истинное лицо России для мирового сообщества, еще и трендах круто, а и да Путин хуйло(оценочное суждение)
Hol tight Ratnu
I'm torn inside between laughing my ass off of how hilarious it is and crying my eyes out because of how ashamed it makes me feel for my country of origin. I've witnessed this kind of things way more often than I should've.
Stealing content kek.
IT was only okay
I'm an Australian that wants to travel to the US for a holiday but I am afraid for my safety and avoid bringing my tourism dollars until I can be safe in the fact that I WON'T BE SHOT.
Yeah, im from Australia and i barely mention how gun control worked (pretty well) over here and im shouted at cos Australia has a smaller population as if we don't all live ion the coast, just fucking make it harder for people to kill other people, don't ban guns, just make it harder and more regulation
Pull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
Ahhhh... I love comments on videos like this... (I'm anti-gun myself, but I LOVE the arguments)
no matter the lenghts you go to control guns or weapons.. if someone really wants a weapon to kill they will get it and use it... weather it be a bomb you make at home or a gun you make at home shootings will always be apart of the world
Actually no one avoids talking about gun control its common knowledge it works... well unless youre one of those cowardly americans who is absolutely nothing without their precious gun :)\n\n#AmericaHomeOfTheCoward
Or a genuine threat that the proletariat will rise up and overthrow capitalism.
if it's so tough banning guns, maybe ban the ammo?
Here is something for all to think about, just because something is designed to do a certain thing doesn't mean you or anyone else has to use it that way.
Given that you write for a comedy web site, that makes your opinion pretty irrelevant in the greater scheme of things.
I really hope this was all sarcasm
Suck my dick from the back for whoever down voted this video
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand I'm done.\nYou want to talk about facts at 3:45? How about this for a fact, Obama had the CDC do a study on gun control in 2013 but buried the study that it showed gun control only increases violent crime and murder. Fucking hell I mean the first thing you claim is fact is provably not a fact, it's a lie. Christ a simple google search and Cracked gets cracked.
A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. Let's break it down, based on English-language, well regulated in this only applies to the militia. Being necessary to the security of a free state, protection of the state's power and sovereignty. The right of the people to keep and bear arms, used in context with the time of this document's creation, the people are individuals, not a militia, otherwise they wouldn't have separated it, they would have just said militia. Shall not be infringed, infringed means: act so as to limit or undermine (something); encroach on, so any limitations on this right are in violation of this amendment, which is part of the bill of rights, which is part of the constitution, which makes infringement on this right unconstitutional, and therefore void.
Wow. These are getting really good.
If someone was going to kill someone and went to buy a gun legally and they didn't let him he would go buy one illegally. I mean wtf do you think he's going to do. He was going to commit murder and isn't going to buy an illegal gun.
If the NRA's money is part of the issue then take them on directly financially by charging them some base amount for every person killed by guns in a year. If they suddenly have to pay dozens or hundreds of millions of dollars every year they'd probably try to do something about it.
Want to stop gun violence...?\nRecommend law abiding citizens should carry 24/7/365, promote protection, promote safety, promote conceal carry, promote arming yourself against evil, promote promote promote.\nTHAT is the way to stop gun violence.\nThe Leftist/Feminist-Cult are manacle, deviant destructive force against humanity... just have a look at where we are today, THAT'S your proof.
I think we should follow Switzerland's template.
People buy guns the more gun control is discussed. Liberals, do you enjoy selling death, or does it just come naturally? \n\nBTW Antifa buys guns too (assault rifles, not little guns, they buy AKs) from their pals under the counter. Thought you should know.
keep up this great work, cody and team
Be Canada, its that simple
We don't want to talk about guns, because its the same old shit. It like a person that just became vegan and they talk about it all the time even though its proven not work and that having a steak is better than eating moss.
can you give the url of the table at 1:33?
Seriously you get a former veteran to shit talk The Hurt Locker but you can't get an unbiased opinion on firearms?
Honest question. Why is it misogyny that gun violence is committed by men?
It's not the guns...it's the people. Our world can suck for people. Some go nuts.
even if you ban it or regulate it the black market has it
you misrepresent the second amendment\n\nas well as more shit
As a responsible gun owner I think we need to have a real discussion about gun control. It should be blocked from a lot of people owning it. History of substance abuse, history of violence, history of mental illness etc. However, your terrible argument about registering and licensing for guns the way we do for vehicles is dumb. It is way too easy to get licensed for a car in America. Unsurprisingly, it was actually harder to own a gun than a car. But that's what a sensible conversation is about right, throwing out terrible ideas and comparisons so we can realize how terrible they are?
Fairly depressing of course but fantastic video
OK are we going to have a talk or REVERSE PROPAGANDA? Deaths Vs Gun Deaths? Also the inference that you should REGISTER your lawful weapon you do not intent to open or conceal carry? Respectfully that gives little care to the public record nature of gov records. There are states where those data bases would be basically making targets.\n\nIn addition WHAT REGULATION do you honesty invention stoping a loan wolf like Vegas?
Ok, I am extremely pro control, but when you broke down 'other reasons for owning guns' about 3 minutes in, you were seriously disingenuous about the need for firearms in agriculture.  You can make arguments against that if you want, but to leave it out entirely is laughable, and anyone not already convinced of the need for control will stop. watching. there.
If you don't like how it is ran here then go somewhere else.
Nothing will be done, because this incident is already forgotten. 500+ people is a number, not human lives. One or two people? Those are human lives. 500? Just a number. That's how the media portrays it at least.
this video is sooooooooooooooooooo full of shit.
At this point it would be like regulating sand on a breach
Hey, come over and visit Europe where we have a blanket ban on guns and where we're facing attacks nearly every week, including massacres, most of which are carried out with guns that are completely banned. France has the strictest regulations and yet has had the most amount of gun attacks which have been carried out with the use of AK 47s, hand grenades and handguns, all of which are completely banned in France. The only difference is that in Europe, because of the gun control we have, only criminals and terrorists have those weapons, they are using them regularly and we have no means to protect ourselves or others: come over here to our gun free utopia and see how long you support a gun ban in America.
Why would the center for disease control do the study? Is getting shot a disease? Does the CDC do the official studies of injuries in general? Is it because they are good at studies, because it seems like some consumer products department or even the ATF(E?) would be more relevant to that.\nThe point is that the availability of guns is directly related to incredibly bad consequences in emotional situations - fights and suicidal thoughts. \nHowever, the problem is deeper than just about guns. It's got a lot to do with the culture. Other nations with guns don't have gun violence in anything like the United States. Regulation won't change the insecurity at the heart of our culture that drives much of the negative emotional syndromes, depression and general misery that underlies anti-social, suicidal and homicidal behavior.
These videos stress me out and make me hesitate before visiting Cracked's channel. What happened to Professor Cody?? I might endure these videos' content if presented as Professor Scott lol.
Very common argument:\nMaking it illegal won't make it go away.\n\nYes. That is how all laws work. People break laws. There is no way to stop a human behavior outright. \nLaws allow for the establishment of deterrents which shrink the potentiality of specific behaviors.\nSay, an assault rifle is illegal (just hypothetically here). If someone has the assault rifle, then they can be assumed to have ill intent, and if a law enforcement officer is lucky enough to find the assault rifle in their possession, the officer can arrest them on the spot, stopping the carnage they were going to unleash.\nBut if the assault rifle is left legal, and the officer finds the assault rifle in the person's possession, the officer has no choice but to wave them along, and the person can arrive safely at their destination in Las Vegas where they can go to their hotel room, unpack their bags, and open fire upon a crowd of thirty thousand from their window.\nNow, that is only one law, and only one small example of the deterrents created by that law. In combination with many laws, and the many deterrents created by those laws, the cumulative effect can reduce the potentiality to a degree where events like the one in Las Vegas are significantly dampened, significantly fewer, and significantly further between.
Most people forget that something like 80% or more of all gun-related violence is committed with illegal weapons. So if these restrictions were put in place it would only deter a minuscule amount of the gun crime. So they should be focusing on is cracking down on the illegal weapons black market.
We need Gun Control BECAUSE the World is a Violent place. Notice I didn't say BAN guns. I know gun people love to jump all over that faux argument.
It is not an unreasonable position to take that you do not want the government to be able to dictate what we can or cannot purchase. Saying that they already do in several ways is just further evidence of the problem. I don't think it is necessary or helpful to have the government control whether or not they feel i need something. It's none of your business if I have a gun, any more that it's your business if I buy a watermelon.
OH MY GOD FUCK YES PLEASE TEAR STEVEN CROWDER TO PIECES THANK YOU SO MUCH I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR SOMEONE WITH A PLATFORM TO GO FOR HIM!!!
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
The problem is that you'll never get the other side to see your point of view. They want their guns and that's that.  Oh, and they speak louder in the debate and carry a weapon.
man, all statments and points aside, I hate this bit. I keep on looking at it and getting half way thru and but he is so condisending and clearly not wanting to have a conversation, just yell his thoughts (many of wich I agree with but thats besideds the point)
In my current home town, there was a mass shooting a few days ago, with five casualties. It was immediately overshadowed by the Vegas shooting literally the next day. If that isn't emblematic of what it feels like to live in 2017, I don't know what is.
Bad people will always be bad
what if we make it practically impossible to carry/conceal a gun in public. Maybe do this by making them out of heavy metals and making them bulky?
They are already regulated.  There are already background checks.  Ban crazy people and re open the asylums like prior to the 1960's.
If I give you a box of matches and show you how to light a fire and that is all you know then everything is a firepit to you. Guns are indeed a killing tool but so is a pencil. The problem is within ourselves not our tools. Fix us an no one would feel the need to have a gun...
We aren't all opposed to having the conversation.  But to say there's no place for shooting sports because of criminals isn't that. Gun laws written by people who don't understand guns isn't that.  False sense of security assault weapons bans don't accomplish much because they're written by people who don't know how to write effective gun laws (like the infamous ban on the shoulder thing that goes up) and still think they have to ban machine guns, which has been covered already.  The Clinton ban lead to the needless destruction of a lot of historic collectables, and banned guns that looked scary(aka, honest guns. guns that don't look dangerous are still just as dangerous, even if there's wood on them) and there are much better things to write gun laws around.  Huge numbers of people collect and use guns without hurting anyone.  It's fine if making that a little harder, makes people safe, but a lot of times, that has seemed a dubious result. Shooting sports are a community activity that brings a lot of people a lot of joy, and is a huge investment of their money.  Of course people get jumpy, when people who don't understand their expensive rewarding, socially engaging hobby legislate against it. A hobby that IS NOT KILLING PEOPLE. Marksmanship is an Olympic sport. People who engage in shooting sports are, typically, almost never the people who do big crimes. \n\nMany of us would be far more eager to talk about gun laws, if many past ones were more helpful, accomplished clearer rewards than grinding the bayonet lugs off antique military rifles. and the ban so often proposed is of machine guns, and they're already VERY well regulated, showing a frightening lack of understanding. It's like if I tried to legislate against fast cars, so i banned red ones, and any use of turbo chargers. You'd lose a bunch of low-danger treasures, and accomplish very little, and it would cause harm to non-fast vehicles that need turbo-chargers, like buses. It's not that gun laws CANT help, it's that they've historically been written in such ways that give a lot of us a LOT  of concern, regarding significant investments in our wealth that will never harm a living soul.  \n\nBecause I grew up with shooting sports, I find the concept of pointing a gun at a person revolting.  Learning responsible collection and marksmanship early is WHY. Many my friends don't have this reflex (if I can't instill it, I won't take them out or teach them marksmanship), and will point guns and toy guns at each-other if ever have the opportunity, while I, raised with guns, am sufficiently conditioned to not even point toy guns at people.\n\nIs there a place for laws to protect people from guns? ABSOLUTELY. I'd love to see some. They're a lot less common than laws to make it harder from the perfectly, demonstrably harmless, law abiding citizens from buying guns for participating in popular, socially responsible, shooting sports.\n\nAnd that's not even touching home defense. If I lived at the police station, I wouldn't mind so much, but there's no chance in hell, if, god forbid, someone kicks down the door to my house  (YES i know this is VERY uncommon, but it DOES happen. I don't often have house fires, but I still paid for fire extinguishers) I would be an idiot to think police would come protect me before the intruder could harm me and mine.
I'm unsubscribing to you liberal pussies! Fuck you Cracked!
another little interesting part of the second amendment you missed cody: shall not be infringed...
well regulated militia means : they train often and can use the tools needed to defend them.
This video gave me cancer. \nUnsubscribed
Remember when cracked was actually funny, and brought up interesting, obscure facts other than just blaming whitey?
Well yes, of course we don't want to talk about it, because we don't want mass shootings to be used as a tool to kill the right to own firearms slowly over time. People who don't want guns banned don't want to have this conversation because you define having a conversation as seriously considering greater restrictions on personal liberties. There is no compromise to be had, you either have a freedom or you don't, the middle ground between having a freedom and not having a freedom is not having the freedom. If we needed to have a serious discussion (code for greater restrictions) about freedom of speech any time there was a controversy relating to freedom of speech, you would be seriously susicious and concerned about where this conversation was headed, because the subtext of the we need to have a conversation is we need to more tightly restrict personal liberties for the sake of safety.\n\nThe left deciding we were the anti-gun political movement was the worst decision we've ever made. Now when the right fears us, they can react with deadly force, they the makings of paramilitary groups ready to enact purges at a MOMENTS notice, and we can only react with impotent indignation. That anti-gun movement was built by people who have only known peace, only known a world where the best way to respond to being victimized was to report it to the authorities, people who never had to consider the importance of personal protection because you had either never been in danger, or lived you whole life being able to trust the cops. It should not take any stretch of the imagination to see that the government can not be relied upon to be a consistent and helpful protector just by looking at the country south of our own border, or by looking at our own country from a black or gay or trans perspective. You think a trans woman in the rural south can rely on the cops to protect them? You think a large portion of the black population is able to rely on the cops, given the fact you're more likely to be killed by the cops than die in a mass shooting?
Here's how the government has tried something meaningful aside from outright taking our guns away Neegan style.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAoNRlspkvE
How will you protect your family?   What about me who lives in no-where-Montana and I need one to defend from bears and mountain lions? or from the crooked sheriff in my county?  You don't even understand what life is like for those who aren't in  your city.  Change the laws for the city, but leave the rural folk's way of life alone.
WOW what a load of lefitst bullshit.  I like at the end they pretend the reason black people are over represented as gun homicides victims is because of police killings.   left out the fact that over 65 percent of all gun homicides are committed by blacks.... which they only make up 13 percent of the population.
I want to see you try to properly identify a replica gun vs a real gun in the split second where the other person could take your life.  Easier said than done
This dude is an idiot. Cracked needs to stay out of politics and stay in comedy.
Why isn't smoking illegal? Why isn't there a talk making that illegal or banning cigarettes?  2.5 million killed from second hand smoke since 1964. (says the CDC) 131 people per day. I don't anyone screaming bloody murder
68,000 gun laws vs 2 mental health laws, it  suck. you nazi.
That it actually took 72 minutes for the cops to find the shooter just proves how one cannot rely on police for protection.
you do realize gun violence has been going down...a lot since more and more guns get sold right? I mean for being a comedy channel failing at news (hello new college humor) you share similar ways of ignoring...well reality
This is, by far, my the best episode of this show. Which is saying a lot; because this show is amazing. But I just can't stop twitching this one. To perfect.
I was playing one paydays golden grin casino before this happened
The well regulated part of the 2nd ammendment was talking about the militia not the guns. Bad argument
Americans shoot lots of people, but they will not ban guns so i think we should try banning Americans.
Goddammit, New Orleans. Get your shit together. Throw parades, not bullets, or whatever.\n\n\n\n(PS. I live like 30 minutes from NO, and I love it, I just know we can do better!)
Good discussion :)
cucks
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh liberals
Dad
Here we go another limp wristed gun expert
Hey you should debate Ben Shapiro!  PLEASE!!!
http://thefederalist.com/2017/10/06/6-reasons-right-wing-friend-isnt-coming-side-gun-control/
Yeah. Trump sucks......
You keep topping yourself, Cody
America is a democracy, so why not just stop electing gun-friendly politicians?
Answer?\nAnswer to the problem.....\nThis dude has done nothing but bitch. I watch the entire video and I'm still waiting for his solution. What do u suggest?
Americans keep fighting for your right to bear arms. Keep pushing the conversation towards the real problems: mental health, bigotry, criminals, effective policing, and the illegitimate administration making a mess of your country. Don't let them take the easy answer, make them face the really hard issues. Gun bans work, but they only reduce gun violence, they do nothing for the underlying causes of that violence, they just sweep them under the rug. Just because the problems are unarmed doesn't mean they go away.
No, we talk about gun control all the time. What you mean is why don't people talking about gun control all agree with me?  They did do something about gun control. Sweeping changes as to what kinds of guns, and ammo, and clip sizes have been made over the year. But since that isn't ban all guns like you want that is the same as doing nothing. \nBut you are right this is one of the only places this happens. Plenty of other countries allow free easy access to guns. It is almost as if we don't have a fun control issue at all. We have a mental health issue, and bickering about gun control is doing nothing to help that.
I'm scared! Someone please take my rights away!
As a gun owner, hobby shooter, and rare hunter, I see no reason for guns outside of those with small clips for self defense and those for hunting. More regulations please! If I can still get a 12 gauge shotgun and 22 rifle I'm fine. Public safety should be more important than the safety of extreme hobbyist's collections.
soo cringe
IDK how easy is to buy a gun in US, but here in Brazil, is almost impossible to buy one legally, anyway, in Brazil there is 60.000 kills by guns all year.
What stupid propaganda.\n\nCracked used to be a comedy channel. Now it's just non-stop Leftist propaganda shit.
Seriously? Is Cracked a crew of liberal pansies? Ug FYI the problem is NOT guns. You don't need a gun to murder people. A mad man will kill with ever he can find. The Nice France terrorist used a truck to murder. And buying a gun requires a background check and 3 day waiting period. You don't need a background check for a drivers license and you can drive off the lot with a car and run someone over THAT DAY!\n\nStick to comedy Cracked, you suck at politics. Unsubbed. Fuck you.
Why can't the american public sue Donald Trump for the money he has wasted golfing? Does he explicitly have the right to spend taxpayer money on personal endeavors? And why didn't the american public sue Trump for his businesses not being in a blind trust?
I started a petition to try to get the CDC working on gun violence research:  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/fund-gun-violence-research-cdc-and-remove-existing-restrictions
Both sides have to stop trying to win this argument. It's pointless bc both sides list reasons why they're right and you're wrong. But neither side is willing to compromise. Start listing what we can do, like the CDC thing. How can we get that to happen.
I. LOVE. THIS. SHOW.
Nukes don't kill people, people kill people.  See how stupid that argument it?
In New Zealand our police don't even carry guns. You know why? Because guns don't facilitate conversation or trust with the people of New Zealand. It all comes down to fear; I'm not scared of the police, I'm not scared of my neighbours, I don't have to be afraid here. Aren't you tired of being so afraid America? Sounds like an exhausting place to live.
You are nothing but a polyp on the anus of humanity. Disappear further into obscurity.
And what exactly was his plan, give me a gun I'm sure I can aim for the guy high up in the hotel? Fucking dumbass, I laughed when the police screamed at him and said I don't give a fuck who you are 😂
Whys does money make someone so fckn self righteous. I bet this guy thinks his shit doesn’t stink.
This guy is a Chad, Chud, & Choad all wrapped up into a ballbag burrito! Gargle on a big toe you waste of oxygen.
This where you come to see a set of tiny steroid afflicted testicles pretending to be a big man? What a fucking waste of oxygen.
Brave but dickens stupid tho calm down it’s one way to get on the trending page lol
This video made me think about Batman vs Superman when bruce tried to save his workers at the beginning except bruce wasn't doing it for publicity
Dan bilzarian hides behind a jersey barrier like a faggot and tries to snuggle with a cop would have been a more accurate title.....#fake terror
It's dumb; people a risking their lives (the cops) all the while you have got this dude distracting a cop trying to get his gun to be a hero mate your not being a hero ok your not a cop if the shooter was on the streets this dude could of just distracted him instead of the cop taking the shot your not a hero your a civilian if you want to be a hero 1. Dont show the whole world that your a hero just for fame and subs people such as police and military you dont see them going hi guys im killing this terrorist look at me i did something just dont your an idiot you could get yourself killed and the cop
Everyone wants to be John mclaine
So is the camera man
I'm no military op but imo you don't break from your squad to recruit mercenaries in the heat of combat.
OFFICER! I'M A FAILED SEAL FROM INSTAGRAM, GIVE ME YOUR SERVICE PISTOL, I GOT THIS.
hes a fucking retard he saw what was going on and thought it was a good opportunity to make a video in which he thought would make him seem like a hero or something ffs cunt kys
Lol, I don't know who the fuck you are. You douchebag, let them do their job you attention seeking bitch
They put this on trending but not casey niestats video
Sad wannabe, even the cop was like get the fuck away from me. Dan been playing to much rainbow six vegas
So hiding behind a wall is running towards them what a clickbaiting faggot cunt
I’m a poker player give me a gun!!
He must've felt bad ass. Considering this is in America, mother land of movies, he probably felt like he was in a Michael Bay film right now.
Give me your gun give me your gun cop hands him a flashlight
This is WAR!  Just grab a gun and DEFEND!  From now on.  Let's prove our RESOLVE!
What do you want, a cookie?
Hes at the concert. Retreats ...actually runs like hell blocks away from whats going. Then tiptoes back and stupidly asks a Cop for  a gun?  Verdict: Jackass. Nice going Dan Kardashian
he's only relevant because of t-pains song, let's be real
Did he really go and ask a cop for his gun... lmao what a tool smfh.
Dan who are you? Or someone tell me what he does?
Narcissistic prick. Man thinks he is Dwayne Johnson... The police officer should of put the butt of his gun to Dan's forehead.
Disgusting. He ran like a normal human would have but decided that if he hid behind a barrier and asked a cop for a gun he would look brave and cool. Come on mate you knew you wouldn't get the gun, all you did was distract a officer for a few seconds. If you really wanted to help instead of asking for a gun you wouldn't have done anything with while hiding behind a barrier you would've tried to pull injured to safe areas out of the shooters view.
Everyone hatin on dan ... but how do u know how you would respond in that situation.hes a trained seal probably a fuck of alot more useful than security.he had the stones to run toward danger to help...
Fucking piss of a human. The only thing he can't buy with the money his father stole from hardworking ppl ...is a live man hunt.and get the Hero stamp...what a fucking jew spick. \nGo to iraq and kill isis in the front if you such a man ..fucking chokeroachpiss
This is an entirely staged event. No one died.
Pity the shooter didn't hit this fuck stain on society.
Maybe let them take cover first.
Fuck all you hating. Proud of him trying to do his bit to help. Risking his own life he did not force anyone to do anything they didn't want to. You's wouldn't be hating if he actually killed the guy himself would you's
Is Dan going to be in the next Team America film ?? 😂😂😂
This man is not a hero, he is a disgrace and his actions risked lives
the description is as cringy as the video itself.
17,000 dislike! I'm more of a superhero than him!
our policy is to not run ads on videos about tragedys :/
This guy is 100% douchebag material!
Asian jake paul should be no 1
There's always one *hero* who trys to save the day but ends up failing lmao
Please get this sh#@ off trending already.
who the fuck is this cunt
It is scary to hear how distressfull the police officer sounded. It paints a better picture to the whole realism and horror of the situation
no ads on tragedys huh I got 2 man youtube is fucked
Do the people who disliked not like the shooting or do they have a problem with someone posting this? ❤
What a moron. Dude should definitely know better but he's a snowflake that's gotta make this about him
Cop should have shot his stupid ass.
LOOOL The last thing you want in that scenario is another civilian with a gun trying to be a hero. Loved it when the cop told him to fuck off. Priceless.
One has to ask the qiestion... WHY were the cops running away from Mandalay bay?  Both running in the opposite direction?
What a prick !! Who is he ??
These guys are legends. Risking there life for a vid
@0:47 real Officer puts this jerk off in his place.
...\n\n\n\n\nLike if you agree
He probably posted this video thinking he was going to look like a badass. That backfired, and now he is known as a joke.
Cops would rather walk in the line of sight of an active shooter than stay beside this Muppet.
He should be arrested for obstructing a police officer in the discharge of his duties.
Yh because his gonna pistol that guy in a building ffs
I wish the shooter had of shot this cunts head clean off 😂
Lmao did he ask for his gun 😂😂😂
He sounds like a 12 year old trying to hang out with the older kids in his neighborhood like, Come on dudes I just showed you my street cred let me hang out with you guys. Jump off a bridge Dan.
Dan is not a fucking cop, he actually says I'm a cop when the officer refuses to deal with his bullshit, he needs to be charged and jailed for trying to pull that shit for attention. Fucking scumbag. 
Wait why was the cop not  shooting back he was 300m away well inside the range of that AR surely it was worth the risk as there were so many people getting shot on the ground???
Looks a tragedy turned into a publicity stunt.
Trying to be Indiana fucking Jones.
Some people will do anything.....
kill yourself you fucking inbred piece of shit, the eye boogers i wake up with have more bravery than your fake ass attempt at some ego stroking, you did nothing, you just bugged a security guard trying to get the fuck away. Shit you shoulda just ran right into the open into his sights maybe if he killed you, you would have been a bigger hero on the news as a victim than as the sad sack of shit you have grown to be, I bet you wear fedoras with your $30 dollar suits from goodwill and pretend you are frank fuckin sinatra and hit on 15 year olds walking home from school and pretend it isnt 2:30pm and near a highschool and you say she looked older.
Some students in our school was alone in the a calssrom next to us today, and while the teacher was talking we Suddently her shoting noices and somebody screaming, so we all got sceard untill we found out that the students from in the other calss was making all of the noices. I just want to say that shootings are really dangerus and you should never joke about that ether!
Navy seal trained but they don’t let him help ....
Dan the man a real life marine
He ran like 10 feet thats it. C'mon dude stop being an idiot.
why the hell are people hating so much lol
Sad!!  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWII6indjR2kYu7MPxYAQnw
What an absolute dickhead
Cockhead 🍆
What a twat basket.
What a wanker!
This guy thinks hes rambo
No.1 trending what a mupp
Fuck Him
then theres russians.
What a knob
Fake ass hoax
daayum sounds like battlefield
Dan bilzarian is a stupid cunt.
Shooter: ace\nDan: hit me
What a fucking loser.
*Jerry Seinfeld plays*
what a twat
https://youtu.be/XxRZf_tvaWc
White Privilege
Hi
What a prick
Why so many haters??
This guy is retarded
Ma vattinni a travagghiari e v'abbuscati lu pani va minchione
✅ *ASS HOLE*
THIS IS ACTUALLY SO FAKE. GET A LIFE WHO EVER MADE ALL OF THIS UP, YOU MAKE ME WANT TO KILL MY SELF BECAUSE OF THIS
dO YoU BElieVe iN GetTInG thE BEsT kInd oF CaR InSUranCE?
Omgosh all of these are so true lol x3 I'm dying x.X
I just turn off my phone as I'm half asleep or I turn it off when I'm like really sleepy
This is the YouTube that we missed and needed
Hahaha you just described me girl 😂💖 love your videos by the way
The force is strong in you ,but you are not a Jedi yet.
I loved this video !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You should just make regular vids
Omg asmr darling this was the best first skit video ever. You did a great job plz do more asmr and more future skits. 😊
mother fricker 😂haha!\nvery cute😘 also, i like the spongebob clips.
What song was playing at the very beginning of the video?
I watched the first \nAnd I was like wait...am I supposed to be watching ASMR with headphones 🎧 \nAm I the only one who watches them without headphones
i relate to every single one of these😂
OH YEAH! THAT HAPPENS TO ME EVERY SINGLE FXXX'IN TIME. P.S. For the you can't find the right position,  you can just turn on the portrait orientation lock on, if you are laying and facing side ways and you wand to match you're eyes
Losing my headphones and the at dam charger thing happens to me every dam time
I’m proud that we (the asmr world) are growing so fast and many of us could identify with at least 5 or 6 examples you made.
second one is so true👌🏼
So i lost my headphones at school so i have to sit a fat tablet on my face just to listen to the asmr
One thing that i hate when i watch asmr is when i have both headphones in and someone keeps trying to talk to me so i have to  keep one out aauugghh
My struggle is that I prefer over ear headphones but I like to sleep on my side 😣
You sound sexy even when your not whispering\n\nCome over and whisper to daddy some more 🌚
that is why I have two YouTube accounts
When i was watching asmr it was really hard to find a good pose, So i just got youtube red and i just sleep like that now
The crazy thing is that all of these are true.
When you really want to watch the whole video to see end results but can't because you fall asleep😅
When u cant find the right position that is so me
Omg all of this happens to everyone
On the second one that’s me trying to get comfortable
I love you so much
lol my's when you find your ear buds but one side works and the other doesn't :(
im always scared of wathing a asmr and be waking up to a loud ad
Make a video of you play the Star Wars battlefront 2 beta
The ad was funny
The iPhone charger is one I relate the most.\nI’ll put it on charge and It’ll unplug so when I wake up it’ll be on 5% and I’ll have school in the next 10 minutes so yeet I pretend I’m sick:,)
Lol she lowerd the volume on the crying guy because she didn't want to give us ear rape
may i interest you in wireless earphones?
BROOOO WHY IS THIS SO relatable 💀💀💀 especially when u sleep and the ad comes on and when u don’t want nobody to know u watch ASMR and ect
This girl remains me a girl i was dating.........and remains me some other things.....ha!
I'm going to have to watch ASMR without headphones after watching this sob story, I felt a little bad. Next clip, she's watching with no headphones....like what.
Do you know what PJ video?
Am I the only one who doesn’t use headphones while watching asmr?
Somebody get the meme police report for memes
When you're at school tapping on the desk with your hands and people are just looking at you. I barely know I'm doing it!
I think the biggest struggle, is when it’s nighttime and your phone is almost dead but you want to watch the asmr video and then you fall asleep and boom. (Mostly a struggle for people with iPhone 7 and up)
I get more tingles during the day and i fall asleep faster then when its night i have to go to sleep
lol I died laughing about the one where she wakes up when the video is over and advertisements just go crazy in her ear. 😂
This is so hilarious so true and relate able
SO relatable. every single one. can't find a good watching position, can't do homework, having a dead phone in the morning. UGH! so good.
Forgot about the part where you wake up with your headphones choking you.
This is why I / we all love you 😂
We was on that trending 🅱ois 👌
Am I the only one who doesn't even watch the video? I just plug in my phone, turn it over and listen to the audio
Do you ever listen to your own videos and fall asleep?
Lol she used a gta wasted 😂😂😂
I turn full prehistoric Spongebob when I lose my headphones and get an ad at the same time.
I literally jumped a little when the ad came on.
This is so funny
What was the asmr video that you were listening to before the car insurance commercial?
LOL I'M DOING HALF OF THESE RIGHT NOW
Fr tho when u watch a lot of asmr u start tapping and listening for sounds randomly can't lie 😂
“Do you believe in getting the best car insurance”
*M  O  T  H  E  R      F  R  I  C  K  E  R*
OMG I RELATE TO EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THESE SO MUCH 😂😂
I can massage u I’m 19
I've never watched with headphones before
All of this is so true! lol Good Job Taylor...now that I commented on this page everyone is going to know I watch ASMR! lol
My struggle is falling asleep to ASMR and waking up with my phone on all night and at 16% left
This is too relatable xD especially the positioning in bed stuff! Great video!
This is absolutely true 😂😂 my mom wakes me up because she thinks I’m gunna choke myself with cords
Who else noticed that every video that, ASMR Darling makes she has her front hair flipped to the right side of her head...😂
*ou mama that is so relaxing*
I love how everyone who watches ASMR (me included) watched this video and totally related but then got shook when it hit trending because we are all trying to hide our secret obsession
why can I relate to all of these ? lmaooo
Or when you fall asleep watching asmr and wake up the next day wondering whether or not you connected to a tv and you're afraid that someone might've seen the girlfriend role plays you were watching so you contemplate running away for a couple days to avoid communication with your family
Always the damn ads ruin it
I have these exact struggles every time. I watch asmr.
Oh thank Christ I had my volume all the way up at the begging and a ad played but it buffered for a few seconds enough for me to mute it
This is so me
Legend has it she’s still looking for those headphones
I can relate :/
YOU SOUND JUST LIKE AMANDA BYNES
First world problems.
Sooo good
Audífonos Bluetooth v: xD
Plz plz plz get a binaural microphone.
What is this G?
Smash or pass
100% relatable
*CRINGE*
MOTHER FRICKER WHERE ARE MY HEADPHONES AT ASMR Darling 2017
Lmaoo this whole video is sooooo truueee every single thing 😂💀💀
So true
who else doesnt use headphones
Christan server:Did you just say FRICK
My headphones are broke
Jesus Christ stop using the crusty memes!
So true
Wait, did she call earbuds headphones?! Absolutely horrible
Adorable :D
Beginning song?
Necesito Sub ): 💕I LOVE YOU💕
I want to suck your toes Kate
What the... did Kate Winslet get...... hotter?
Kate is so gorgeous
0:06 Man, that's a huge housefly! Someone's getting a reprimand!
Am I the only one who's embarrassed of having a foot fetish? 😔
Shoutout to all the ladies getting a pedicure after this.
“You know how I feel about feet!” “Bunion” - Junior Soprano
Titanic, Quills, Little Children, The Reader.. I'm sure I'm missing a few
I love how idris took his hand back reallll quick 😂😂😂😂
Why is Chris Rock naked?
109 thumbs down. Why? No, wait, I don't know why. You can keep it to your self.
Idris is black so that makes him cool... White people in these comment are so funny!
Kate looks beautiful and she never really ages! amazing! Also, who else noticed she had Invisalign?
Idris please be my second husband!!😂
Stacker pentacost has a print of every kaiju's feet in his office and now we know why
This is trending but Liam Gallagher isn't?
I do too
Theres a FLY on the wine glass at the start of the clip!!!! Did Graham drink from this glass later on?!?!?!
I to have a foot fetish ha
Can you imagine Chris Rock is 7 years older than Idris Elba
Well.. Idris Elba is younger than Chris Rock..
Guest: I like to keep myself clean, head to toe, you know.\nGraham Nortons YT channel: GUEST HAS A FOOT FETISH
Having a foot fetish is no longer creepy now a famous rich black man likes feet
Poor old Idris clearly nervous about  the sex scene and promoting this movie, Kate bailed him out with a story about a foot fetish
Stringer Bell does it again. \nIdris is the coolest.
Idris is a foot guy - YUP we're meant to be ;) LERVE Kate Winslet and Chris Rock!!
Am the only one around here who noticed the fly in Graham's wine?
The non-verbal communication between Idris and Kate is interesting... she grabs his hand and he does pull away...
Chris Rock is looking good.
In the comment section: foot folk.
just watched their movie , I am yet to recover from that love scene where Ben(Idris) sweeps Alex(Kate) off her feet to bring her to bed, so perfectly savage
Now I'm picturing Idris doing things to my feet.....
0:06 There is a giant fly getting drunk off of Graham Norton's drink just over his left shoulder.
'I can't wait to see this movie' LOL
Chris looks like a little boy lol
Omg I just watched Ryan does something every week his videos are hilarious check him out and share
Was i the only one grossed out? xD
This man is perfection
Grahams reaction hahah
https://psychedelicsociety.org.uk/petitions/relegalise-mushrooms?source=fb-2017-09-15
Ewww nasty
I've just done films with a lot of guys.\nTHAT'S NO EXCUSE!\nOkie dokie, that's beautiful.
Love Kate and Idris. Not being nasty but Kate looks so tired eyes here, prob jet lagged! Wondering why she chose those tights too.... sorry Kate but you look silly in those tights. Idris is a dish 😍🤣
*Movie guy voice* Chris Rock, Idris Elba in: Brokeblack Mountain.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
He's hot
WWWLOGANPAUL./SHOP
I thought i was the only one with a foot fetish
I would never have guessed that Chris is older than Idris.
im so glad luther is returning for season 5
The guy literally directed a short for Sky which was centred around a woman and her love of shoes because he likes feet that much. The signs are all there haha
Idris I want your baby
Did anyone else search Kate Winslet feet before the video even finished playing?
He's going to get so many feet pics slid into his dm
I can not say  it often enough - I LOVE  Idris
If you don't know what Chris Rock meant by 'Hammertime' watch this and all will be revealed https://youtu.be/NP7_SIRfo-c
I think Kate Winslet is a bit of diva.
You can tell Idris can't stand Kate and to tell her to keep her socks on really shows the lack of chemistry considering he loves nice feet. From how bossy Kate is I can tell why he doesn't like her.
These 3 had brilliant chemistry together
i dunno...still think Idris is faking that accent...
There's a fly in Graham Norton's wine glass at 0.07
Idris: I've done a lot of films where there are a lot of guys.\nChris Rock: That's no excuse.  \n\nSmart and funny - LOL!
Guys, he's only human
Ok I already liked Elba as an actor, but I just noticed his hand tattoo I totally didn't know he had, just hours after I got my hand tattoo aaand he just admitted havin a foot fetish, which I also have, on national tv looking cool as hell, Elba just turned into one of my fav celebrities lol
Idris is my boy and Kate looks great. Chris is the one true rock.
there´s a fly on Graham´s glass
Anyone else notice the fly on Graham’s glass?
Omg the things I would do to Kate.
Thank god he doesnt have an armpit fetish like some weirdoes. A feet fetish is harmless enough, I guess
i love feet and i guess i can understand why he didnt want to see her's , it would be to distracting/arousing
Just found out Chris Rock is 52 years old. Bit of a shock for me.
I love Kate's hair!!!!
Bet he dose you know how them black men get around white women
''Hi Guys I'm Karlie Kloss and I've just create-----A WEBSITE?? YES!! WE KNOW!! WE ALL KNOW!!! CONGRATULATONS!!!!  WOW!! GO YOU !! CREATING A WEBSITE?? WHATEVER NEXT!!
i really don't why there are fly's in the studio 0:08 graham's glass ...
I thought that was madonna
Has Winslet done surgeries on her face? I didn't recognize her to begin with!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6PGqRZulBM
Kate winslet mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Idris Elba 😍
http://colonizer.creativerobot.co/visit/?player=3B2E6PR0346HGZ3OXU73
Hahah Eddie Murphy Boomerang Film check it out.
Hammertime feet - Yes Chris! Boomerang reference!
Winslet is great.
Chris Rock is 52
🔥Become super Beautiful 🔥 \nhttps://youtu.be/Kuyz4jlA8HI\n⚡⚡🔥🔥🔥⚡⚡🔥🔥🔥⚡⚡
Kate fine as HELL... 🔥 🔥
Good lad get on dem feeeeet
😂😂😂
Idris 💙
I respect Idris Alba even more now..\nUs feet lovers have to stick together lol
Idris and Chris can broke black mountain!!! :)
Kate (Rose) you had enough room to get Leo (Jack) on that damn door in Titanic Jack didn't have to die dammit.
well. if idris has a foot fetish, i guess now i have a foot fetish
I hate Idris Elba ever since he came on the office. He's not even a popular actor and has failed in all his mainstream movies.
I bet he has another foot in his trousers.
Chris rock just announced he likes men 😂
Foot fetishes are disgusting. FEET ARE DISGUSTING!
Why hasn't Idris done many love scenes?\n\nPerhaps because he's black and and the only people who want to watch negro and white woman get intimate are degenerate SJWs and Jews.
Always thought there was something wrong with that coon
I cant get the camera ;(
Jake Paul, you didn't do 365 straight vlogs you missed a day
Where is you're profile pic
is it bad cause I was a jake pauler longer then 365 days
Jake Paul is so pathetic, he has to make his own YouTube rewind!!! 😂
He's been on YouTube for 4 years
Seen all of them
ive been here since day o1 can't belive its been a year already
No but your more guy
You have grown so much 💕💕
All you'll haters stop it and take a L  , jake Paul is a W
I bought new merch on a different account.
Jake where is your picture on your channel
If i set ur videos to oldest it says 3 years ago
Congrats on 1 year of blogs I have watched every single one my favorite is Nick Crompton an the tazor ☺️ I love him “England is my city” 😂😂 you are my hero and I want to be a vlogger like you sometimes me and my friends pretend to vlog as you I know almost of your songs by heart and it is my dream to hang out with team 10 and meet you in person...I asked my mom to buy Murch for me but she said no I was heart brocken cause I really wanted to meet you and team 10 and have your camera that would be a dream come true when I was in the hospital last April for sugary to remove my appendix I watched all of your blogs cause that’s what made me happy thank you for making me happy in ruff times !!! I love you and I really want to meet you hopefully I can ☺️☺️☺️
jake I just realized that at your concert it was a sneak peak for the halloween merch. you were wearing the red bloody merch
Is there any chance to get the 📷
Your a cross breed between a fuck head  n a faggot🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
I would have participated but I don't have the money 🙁🙁 I've tried to save up but my money had to go to other things
I don't money to buy one \n                   Fuck
I can't do that because my mom and dad don't let me
Can I have the camra I'm beginning to be a vloger
Did anybody notice Jake got a black eye? In the beginning, pay close attention to his left eye
I doubt that camera has been used for every vlog you’ve made.
Hey People! I’m a British vlogger. Just living my life and being myself. Stop by if you are interested, I love finding and connecting with new creators. \n\nMy twitter is @nickrichards66 if you want to talk everything YouTube :) \n\nProve them all wrong by doing what makes you happy!!!
Wow he was running out of ideas so he copied his brother “it’s my big day”😂
Jake I love u so much I have soooo much of your merch and I've been watching u since day 1 and everyday I was bullied I watched your videos and I felt so much better I've seen everything bc it's EVERYDAY BRO
hey at least since chessa is over then tanthony and fulfill its full potential
So marriage thing was fake ?? 😢☹️
Would you like some confetti on your salad sir?
365 days of disliking all your videos (:
JAKE UR SO POSITIVE AND I LOVE IT ILYSM💕💕💕
i wish i could see you but i can't im only 9 years old i live in daton ohio my street is brich dr
i with i could i cant tho but i love you so much
What's with the missing profile picture
i love you Jake
Anyone else scared of how cancerous YouTube Rewind will be this year?\n\nMaybe we'll have 2 seconds of Markiplier and then the rest will be Hollywood stars, TV hosts, viners and OF COURSE......This shit bag.....\n\nGod help us all.....
Man I've been having such a terrible day and i just watched this and it changed my mood so much ily jake
Please can I have the vlog??!! I bought merch( a t shirt!) !!! Me and my cousin NEED to see you!! And we started blogging because of you!! Please!!? And you can't split us up! We are one person!
Hello Is It Me Your Looking For...I See Your Smile I See Your Soul...
Make a video of chessa and interview them about there breakup
Jake it’s me lily I have your merch
u killing yourself will be the good thing you'll be doing in your whole life
I LITTERALY HAVE THE EXACT HOVERBOARD SAME COLOR AND EVERYTHING
It's my birthday
It's  Because I was I was in a hurry I was Getting Ready To Go Eat With My Mom😒😒
I miss the old Team 10
he should've talked about the dobre twins like if you agree.
Shut up, you’re cancer
It's everyday bro. but you didn't mention jerika
HERE WE SEE SOME DUMB AND SALTY FANS JUST BECAUSE THE VIDEO IS TRENDING! SMH!
I was a Jake pauler since the beginning of every thing
HOLD UP, HE FORGOT THE LAGOON HOW?!?! Like if he should have mentioned the lagoon. \nR.I.P. Lagoon
I have been a jake pauler for 365 days❤🔐 IMMA JAKE PAULER FOREVER❤❤😂
I brought a T-shirt from you
I am poor so I can't by merch
What about hurricane harvey, you should reset that number.
No one cares u little bitch FUCK JAKE PAULS
Congrats I brought some merchandise
'.
GIVE US MORE JERIKA
He has French frie hair
Wrong
L
I mean jake paul
What about when u scare tessa
Burn in hell
I love jake❤️💕💝💓💙💚💛💜🖤💝💖
Anthony u got 4 subs stfu
me plz i benn here irst blog
Congrats jake👍
Kys
U got unverifieddd???
Jakes new haircut looks so dope
Nicks reaction when getting tased 😂😂
WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGHLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLW WIGGLE \n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGGLE\n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLW WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n      WIGGLE WIGGLE\n       WIGGLE WIGGLE\n         WIGGLE WIGGLE\n        WIGGLE WIGGLE\n       WIGGLE WIGGLE\n     WIGGLE WIGGLE \n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE\n WIGGLE WIGHLE \n  WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n       WIGGLE WIGGLE\n          WIGGLE WIGGLE\n            WIGGLE WIGGLE\n           WIGGLE WIGGLE\n        WIGGLE WIGGLE\n       WIGGLE WIGGLE \n     WIGGLE WIGGLE\n    WIGGLE WIGGLE\n   WIGGLE WIGGLE\nWIGGLE WIGGLE
Also I need bleach
i love you
CONGRATULATIONS \n\n\n\nRead More
Fuckin weeb
I watched since day 1
OMGGGGG😍😍 I love you Jake
Congrats
Plz
Thank you
MarioPlushWorld is a YouTube videos
Lol
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
CONGRATULATIONS JAKE PAUL
ur fucking gay
Congrats Jake It's every day broooo
Did jake get hacked
Bro plzzzzzz
Wtf was the intro
365 days of cancer
Dope jp
Congrats man that’s awesome
Congratulations!!! LOVE YOU JAKE
I LOVE JAKE 😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍😍😍PEACEEEE✌✌✌✌
Jake paul suckz. Jk
Epilepsy warning near the end
I found it so nice that you invited Anna to the dinner❤️
Why does he do what Alfie does at the beginning
Where is Nicole from originally?
I never thought Nicole was 19 xx
Omg happy birthday sorry it's late I feel really bad ❤❤❤
Omg how is she only 20 xxx
Happy bday ni time to put a little something in that finger Casey
He got her an Xbox
Happy birthday ni keep being you 20!! 🎈🛍
How long have you and Nicole been together for
I’m still waiting for that upload Nicole ;)
Wtf is this in my recommended :/ I’m not THIS bored
you’re honestly great parents and harlow is lucky to have you both❤️
You don't look 20
That thumbnail made you look like Victoria justice!
This is #19 on trending
awesome that you put the warning about the flashing images!!! this is so important!! (your sister might take an example ;p)
Ik someone that was there in that night
Nicole had a baby when she was 19!!
I think Casey is slowly picking up Nicoles accent <3
I hope ya had a lovely birthday and got what you wanted 😄🎁🎈🎈🎈
Honestly I'm not the biggest baby fan, but Harlow is THE SWEETEST thing ever, hands down the cutest baby I've seen in my life
Hope you had a lovely bday! 💗 you guys have the cutest family!!
wow i thought u were 26
Random but where did you get the wrapping paper?? 😂😂😂 I like how you wrapped the presents haha xxx
Was anyone else cringing when he was on about the pole dancing
Harlow is the cutest
Hi it's my birthday Monday the 9th
Happy birthday . Sorry late ❤
you too are way to cute 😭😫
Ni you are always so beautiful and no doubt baby Harlow is going to be the same! Happy birthday lovely, hope it was the best day for you ❤️❤️
You bunch of mongs like to get on trending.
Hope you had an amazing birthday Nicole! 💖👶🏼💋
Happy birthday ni 🥂would you mind checking my channel out?x
damn i wanna work at a haunted maze scaring people lol 19:27 shes so pretty
I actually so want to meet Jed. You need to do a video with him!!!
Happy birthday Ni. Harlow is so cute❤. Love you all.
Happy birthday ni we all love you 😘
#19 on trending 💗💗💗! Happy birthday Nicole💕😘 Harlow is such a lucky girl!
I hope you had a great Birthday Ni.
I'm 20 today! So you're a a day older ni!💖
Ni is 20 and this video is 20 on trending 🤔😂❤️
Hope you have had a great day today it's my birthday on Sunday
Casey I have the same birthday as nicole the 6th of october
Any small youtubers want to support each other? xx
I LOVE YOU THREE SM YOU HAVE NO CLUE💙💗💗💗💗💗💗
I thought ni was about 22!😱
Happy birthday Nea wow #trending once again absolutely smashing it watched from day one 🎉🎉👌
Happy Birthday Nicole  hope u had an amazing day !🎉🎈❣️
how is this no 2 on trending?!
Why is this 2nd on trending?
Thankyou for the warning of the flashing ☺️ I’m epileptic so I’m sooo glad you told us 😂. Hope Nicole had a great birthday x
#19 on trending ☺️☺️☺️
Happy birthday Nicole
Does she count as a MILF because of Harlow?
I’m 20 in two months and Nicole looks so much more of a 20 year old than me😂😅
Whats nicoles channel?
This bitch fire
Yasss ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
Your vid is on 15 trending
Personalised number plate (NII H..)? 5:49
#15 on trending this video
Happy birthday Ni ❤️😊😘
15 on trending
happy birthday
Happy💞20th🌎Birthdayyy❤️😘
Tf is this shit 😂
Omg nicole looked so white
Where were they?
Happy late birthday Nicole 😘❤️🎉
💕💕💗💗💓💓
Happy birthday ni love u xxxxxxxx
Happy birthday 🍰
Happy birthday 💖💜💘💕💖💜💘💕
Who the fuk cares
#2OnTrending
Happy 20 th birthday Nichole ❤️❤️
Happy Birthday 💝🎁🛍🎉🎊
TRENDING 17.
What did I just watch ? Why is this trending ?
What she doing with this dweeb lol
#2. On trending!!!🙌🏻🙌🏻
Awe she's adorable💙she's a double of casey💛you are such good parents xx also hope u had a good bday❤❤😙
When your few month older than ni but you look so much younger than her gotta love baby face xx
Fuming can’t see her presents in this 😭😭
Hope you had a brill birthday Nicole
Nicoles should do a birthday haul on her channel
Happy birthday ni!! Hope you had a lovely day! ❤️❤️
Do another draw my life now you have go harlow
Happy birthday Nicole hope you had a good one
9 on trending guys! Happy birthday Nicole, love you all. been a fan all the way
Happy birthday ni💓💓 I bet Harlow wishes u a happy birthday aswell💕 hope you Casey and Harlow all enjoyed ur special day
#15 ON TRENDING WOOOO💖💖💖
What’s Nicole’s channel ??
Happy birthday great day
It’s trending ur video 💜💜
What’s ni YouTube channel name
If you don't mind me asking, where was Harlow while you were at Scream park? X
What’s that place called you all went to?❤️
Disney need to go back to hand drawn animation :)
i love how they brought back Pinocchio :')
I can't handle the amount of references in this one short.
I cant believe The rainbow caverns was a real place... I got goosebumps.
When I heard that the short opened with Little wooden head from Pinocchio I immediately liked it because pinocchio is my favorite movie
They were literally riding big thunder mountain
make a  valentines day movie
I hope they make a ride out of this
IT'S MICKEY MOUSE...
Is supposed to be how Thurber Mountain was made??? Disney👏
that the best thing isee on the (hot shows) on youtube ...paint and fantasy
Cmon disney do what the creators of Cuphead did and go back to your roots this animation style sucks
This has all the charm of the old cartoon shorts they used to do! Love it!
Lol. I found this vid when it had 666 views.
T H U N D E R  R A I L R O A D
0:48 your welcome
Disney land references
XD
Aw. cute.
Keep it up
Where's their Suspenders? #mandelaeffect
666k views
Ren and Stimpy may well be the most influential cartoon ever. Seems most cartoons these days share its DNA. Even Mickey now.
Did they just .... die ??
Is HotDiggityDemon the voice actor?
mickey mouse never seems to fail in making my day
Aww, this one was so sweet!! :D
The new Star Wars is looking great!
Who used to have these kinds of animations on cassette tapes  \n\nOnly 90s kid will understand
These shorts never disappoint me. They're the best!
I want a game in this animation style!!!! Like cuphead
Iowa
By 3:13 I thought it would end with a sad ending
I love those rats.\nThe ones with the plague.
I really hate the new mickey mouse animation design\nI remember when I was 10 they had the 3d/classic design..\nGood old days when disney actually cared about fans...
I'm sick of Disney adhering to these hetro-normative stereotypes
That was so good especially 0:07
I hope they make a Halloween short
Did they rly put. A goat next to TNT 😂😂
again, i ask myself how do i get here. haha
I thought my animation was bad!
Come a long way since steamboat willie
This has only 4 shots that were from far away, causing a cramped feeling throughout it, in addition the idiocy of Mickey mouse in this short leaves Mickey giving me the impression of a dumb Mickey. Plus instead of letting Mickey learn his lesson we are provided with the idea  that blind faith leads to good things.
I didn't know Disney still made Mickey mouse cartoons
Did they.. die at the end?
What if this is the basis for the new Hollywood Studios ride lol
Why Is mickey mouse like SpongeBob? \nThis is the first time i seen one of the new mickey mouse cartoons are they all like this? Because im not fan of this
The sad truth is that Mickey and Minnie never made it out of that explosion, some say their spirits still haunt it to this day.
I love the nostalgia
0:49 when you ask your dad of you can name a clubhouse after you and he says yes
Shame disney doesn't have it's quality animators anymore, they were so good at motion that people didn't believe it wasn't rotoscoping. Miss the old fliescer style rubber hose animation this cartoon emulates but it just seems like looney tunes, ren and stimpy or anime influenced corner cutting now.
This used to be In Disneyland in Frontierland and so they replaced it with thunder mountain
Me: accidentally clicks on video\nMe: Hum. Let's see what this is about.\n\n0:04 what the heeeeeeeck
Where are his suspenders. He used to have suspenders????
Typical nothing goes according to plan 😒
And this is how Big Thunder Mountain was created😂👍🏼
They should have plunged off the end of a cliff at the end.\n\nThe problem as I see it with these retro cartoons is you can't tell anymore whether you're getting a good cartoon from the 30s or 40s or if you're getting one of these new mediocre ones.  These cartoons are frenetic without being funny, kind of like the Roger Rabbit toons.  They also seem much darker than the MM toons of old.
Wait did they die I’m confused
So... Did they Die?? How did an exploding mineshaft become beautiful? Lolol
Who else loves Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse ?
I want Duffy to be in one of these shorts.
Rats with plague I thought plague is done but not in Madagascar
Wow this bonus Cuphead level looks just like a Disney short!
are they trying to go into ren and stimpy territory? b/c I cannot recommend.
Hey isn't that rat their cousin?
Is it just me or did the animation and voices sound like it was gonna be some messed up vulgar cartoon like hotdiggitydemon or something
Great Cartoon, last cartoon wasn't as good because there wasn't as many easter eggs but this cartoon is just one big easter egg. Keep up the good work Disney!
Is this a new Cuphead DLC?
I love bendy\n\nYour so mean to bendy.😱😱😱😱😱
Cool art style.
Nature: BUT WAIT THERES MORE
Amazing cartoon. Magnificent videos.
Leaked Cuphead DLC
Goals
This is amazing!
Qqqqq.k
Cuphead.
Cuphead
Minnie mouse HELLA THICC🍑
this animation style is too close hotdiggedydemon, creepy
Marzia and PewDiePie
GASP GASP GASP GASP, EUHGA!!!!
Did Mickey ate Sponge Bob?
This Cuphead fan animation is cool
Did they die?
BEENNNDDDDDYYYYY NOOOOOOOOO😂😂😂
Cuphead rip off.
0:57 spooky bats with rabis rats with plague lol😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Awesome shorts
Awwwwwww
Hi
1:01😂😂😂😂😂😂
The logic!😠😑😁
Just art
lovely
Mickey fired Jake Paul 😂
Gee, Thunder Mountain sure looks different.😏
cuphead's DLC looks pretty cool
This animation style hurts me.
The first Vox Borders documentary launches in 8 days. It's publishing October 17th, across Youtube and Facebook. The other 5 will come weekly after that, on Tuesdays. If you want to make sure you don't miss them, you can follow me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/johnnyharrisvox or sign up for my newsletter: www.vox.com/borders-email. \n\nI'm so excited to release these. I've been working on nothing else for the past 6 months, and I think they'll live up to the hype!\n\n- Johnny
... are the illegal immigrants.
I live here haha this for me is super normal
Wait what about the millions of migrants?
Muslims are all over Europe, that's one type of monkey
I thought I had a sam & niko tab playing in the background at the start of this video.
I went to an international guide camp in Co. Cavan in Ireland and the gibraltar guide leaders told us about 'los monos' being everywhere and being very naughty. Have you been to Jersey? It feels like a weird mix of France and Britain :)
The  monkeys are moroccan native monkeys from the Atlas Mountains, there a big sea gap between morocco and that rock and u still ask how they got there ? Damn VOX u can be stupid sometimes
Wouldn't the genetic pool for these monkeys be very limited to the point where they're inbreeding?
Finally a BORDERS episode about an actual border conflict. the rest were about stupid vending machines and surfing. Please don't fail me again.
Man where do I sign up for his job? It's so awesome to be able to travel and learn all these things, moreover being able to share them with the world on a popular platform.
These aren't monkeys. Monkeys have tails.
Those Monkeys are robbing bastards! One of them still has my old Nokia............
Asia is full of wild monkeys cuz you can definitely see it in India!
Gibraltar is not a zoo, so why cant I feed the monkeys? Stupid rules.
I can't imagine the comments
Only wild monkeys in Europe \n\nNo go zones...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTake a joke...
There are several monkeys in Europe, the monkeys you showed in this video and then you have invasive species, the Muslims and the Blacks.
Thought this was going to be about middle eastern refugees
Orangutans are common in China India has monkeys ! It's all the same landmass .🐒🙊🙈🙉🐵
Bet there are gonna be plenty of racist ass comments down here
Thought this was gonna be about African and Middle Eastern immigrants...
You can find monkeys that claim to be refugees from Northern Africa all over Germany and France
Before too much longer the title will read  The only Europeans left in Europe. liberal trash.
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Him! He loves you! \n\nPlease don't listen to the lies of the enemy. Jesus is not angry at you, in fact He is waiting on YOU to call upon Him! Jesus died so that you may live! \n\nHe knows what you are going through, and He will help you if you would let Him. \n\nI pray you consider calling upon Him today. You may not get another chance, and to die without The Lord Jesus is a very dangerous thing. \n\nJudgement is also swiftly approaching, and Jesus is the Only Way to escape. So please trust and follow Jesus today! Don't be scared, Jesus TRULY Loves you! \n\nShalom, friends.
Muslims are loose monkeys, should kill them all
Does someone have a link to listen to the last music? Despite the name in the credits I can't find it anywhere
Winston, is that you?
Photographing the monkeys is psychologically stressful for them.\n*Films the monkeys instead.*
Lol you make Gibraltar look interesting and not a boring shithole
I remember when i visited Gibraltar one of the monkeys sat on the back of one of my friends and started pulling on her hair and she started freaking out and i was like just chill out maybe you should stop trying get selfies with him and just take a photo of him .
You forgot the refugees
Here are a few things here I think are important and cool about Gibraltar:\n- Gibraltar is one of the last territories that the UN considers a colony in the world. Gibraltar in this video is shown to be an entity Britain would give up and give back to Spain, but the residents and government of Gibraltar want to be entirely independent of both countries and be their own sovereign nation. \n-Gibraltar is entirely self-sufficient economically and they actually end most years with a surplus\n-Gibraltar is not just English and Spanish. Because of the small populace, minorities have a substantial impact on the culture. These include a large Indian community as well as the second largest population of Jews per capita in the world\n-Going off the previous point, many people from Gibraltar speak Llanito, a hybrid of Spanish and English with many words and phrases from Hebrew/Yiddish and Hindi mixed in.
The monkey myth - lose the monkeys, lose the Rock - is almost word for word like the myth about the ravens at the Tower of London, and both with the twist of Winston Churchill ordering the animals protected for the sake of the nation.
That's cool. I want to visit some day
Reminds me of the Green Monkeys in Barbados. They were likely brought there through trade.
As someone who's been to Gibraltar, banning tourists from giving food isn't going to do anything because the monkeys are the ones attacking the tourists and stealing their food/ running after you.
Technically Gibraltar is close enough to be considered Africa as well
You're forgetting all the wild muslims and africans
P r o p a g a n d a  i s  m y  c i t y
When your apart of the 30,000 that live on Gibraltar and know that he missed out on a few details about the Macaques 🙃
the only wild monkeys in Europe are the French national team
We call them Muslims where I'm from.
Europe is being flooded with economic migrants... what did you expect to see
Nce
I went there in the summer! it was so weird, just a small(er) sunny Britain I thought
What's stopping the monkeys from spreading across Europe?
There are now loads of monkeys in Europe because of Merkel
This is such a poor American interpretation of cultural pluralism and varieties of nations
Free spins and 200% bonus in joy casino. all license slots. ENJOY\nhttp://joycasino.com/en/?partner=p19470p89602p0130
This is terribly racist. Those are just black people
what is the name of second track? the one that starts at 1:05?
What about all the monkeys that ran away from their country and are now plaguing Europe? They should be included too...
The monkeys will steal your ice cream and dolls if you aren’t careful, I’ve been there
But there's millions of monkeys in Europe 😉
I know a guy when I lived in Gibraltar who threw a monkey off a cliff because it stole his daughters necklace.
Gibraltar voted 95% to remain in the EU😂
THEY FORGOT ABOUT THE WINDSOR MONKEYS IN WINDSOR CASTLE !
You hear tht  The Males Play A Huge Roll in Raising The Infants  I Respect Tht Too 👏🏽
The only monkeys? Mate you forgot the cast of Eastenders.
I clicked because the guy is hot
English is my second language, I'm asking, shouldn't he say there ARE monkeys instead or is ? 0:01
ohhh...you haven't travelled to india then haha
Who else is from Gibraltar here? Please tell me I'm not the only one.
Once they took a crap in my classroom.
All the British monkeys are coming to America and taking over TV host positions.
In my city, a monkey held up an old lady and took her money
Actually there are plenty of monkeys in Eu if you check a place called the rift on league of legends
hmmmmm nah will leave it its just too easy!
Militarized for WAR. Wow. Excellent observation
Let's see what happens after Brexit...
Funny how the thumbnail could referr both left and right as monkeys
You are a mix of Rhett and Michael from vsauce  lol
Yeah, I've been there with my family. One of those monkeys stole my sister's ice cream. Another one of those went on a woman's head, grabbing onto her hair. If you approach them funny, they might attack you. So don't act aggressive towards them if you enjoy having fingers and a face.
I want to high five one.
Oh ye, I visited that place about 2 years ago, but didn't know it was the only monkey inhabited place in Europe. Very strange indeed, there is an airbase built ontop of the water and you suddenly traveled from Spain to a British speaking area. If you visit, remember that the boarder patrol are British so don't be fooled by Spanish ticket scammers, especially since you don't even need a ticket cross boarders x.x
I knew there were going to be racist comments before opening them!
No, there is also monkeys in Finland. Winter monkeys.
Arent they supposed to be recording that new album? smh
RIP my ears
Congrats on 3 mill
Keep it up Vox!
https://www.facebook.com/3.4.change/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
Did somebody say peanut butter?!
Which one
They are NOT monkeys they are Barbary Apes.
Rule Britannia!
MENDELS LAWS PROVES OTHERWISE! !
Inb4 Afrocentrist KANGZ comments or pseudonazi pussybois talking about illegal immigrants.
there are monkeys everywhere, theyre called hoomans
Dem shits pretty dope
Inb4 racist comments...
They’re apes
You mean immigrants
Welcome to Europe :)
I love Gibraltar
We have immigrants
THEY APES. check for tails.
Welcome to watchpoint Gibraltar
I live there ☺☺☺
Enjoy the Trailer for Pacific Rim 2
Fuck Yeah!! FUCK YEAH!!!
Oh god the script is so bad...again...already
Wth this is just the teaser trailer u dumbass
So are they fighting other Jaegers or Kaijus ?
They round it the same same characters just better Jaeger's now it's just some f****** teenage kids
Holy shit I got goosebumps at Glados voice!!! For the rest, who's directing this? But it made me want to watch the original again, so there's that.
I do agree that there are certain things about the trailer that looked bad, but it's just a 1:30 min trailer , let's wait for the movie and give it a shot
Goddamn, that song is complete shit. How do we go from rockin mech anthem to a DIY remix of tupac?
So they turned it into a power rangers boss battle.
This was Epic and I want. Jager boi! All the haters go suck on a lime. Taking giant robots too serios, stupid mothafackas don't know shit about physic or mechanical engineering, so enjoy the fantasy for what it is or make your own shit. Oh yea and lets see how realistic you'll be stupid fucks, ill give you a hint, you would have no dam sky scrapers robots if you want to keep it real. Pass 10 feet your all ready pushing the realism lmao.
Sadly i only like the song in the trailer. ANDY WHY DO YOU POT THE PORTAL SOUNDS IN THE TRAILER if you wont put it in the movie...
Looks great! Like the first one but just more amped up! Probably more fight scenes and action. This looks like a great sequel to a great movie!
This looks promising. I still miss my man Charlie Hunnam tho 😢
2:18 to the end of this trailer has to be GLADOS from portal🤔🤔🤔
DAMNZ!!!\nThey'll SCRAP yet another sequel to a good movie....\nBy pushing their GOD DAMN agendas  down our throats!\nActors TOO YOUNG... With NO CHARISMA....\n(and of course he has to be black this time cause, ya know...White Privilege and Shit!)\nSo OF COURSE, there goes the neighborhood and the Great Soundtrack...\nIn favor of HIP HOP and RAP Bullshit....\nAll that with a side order of easily discernible CHEAP CGI !!!\nWELL DONE, People!!!
Yooo im gonna watch this on the first day
how can a movie looks so bad but so good at the same time?
The first movie was more badass
It's impressive that they precisely removed all successful elements in the last movie.
I'm worried this is going to suck with all these new generation actors like Star Wars 7.
I love it when a sequel ruins everything that made the first great
Nah, trailer wasn't that good, but still has high hopes for 2018, lets wait n see guys!
is this play station 2 game trailer?
trailer was really engaging up until 0:55 then it go all power rangers + transformers.
Does the back guy dies first?
This looks more like a multiplayer game than a film im disappointed
It's just power rangers
This movie looks like total garbage compared to the first one.\nNo offence to the lead actor, but he sounds very bland compared to Charlie Hunnam, who played Raleigh.   And where is Field Marshall Herc Hansen?\nAnd those moves in the Jaeger's?  LOL!!!!  How stupid...\n\nGraphics - crap\nCrew - bad\n\nYep, it's garbage.  Gonna skip this one.  I am so disappointed.  I hope Guillermo del Toro didn't direct this.  If he did, then...  /facepalm
You would go watch a movie that's basically just a more theatrical power rangers? No real plot and just giant robots killing giant monsters?!\n\nWell yeah....yeah I would
Yooo what was glados doing at the end tho
I love how many films Glados gets into
I can see the bots and tell you it won't be as good as the first. If they stick to the balance of grit and dazzle like the first it'll be fine, but I'm seeing more dazzle I think.
G.L.A.D.O.S? What are you doing in Pacific Rim 2?
Get in the ava shinji
If they only would let the minute 2:16, it would be a better trailer...
I SEE POWER RANGERS, TF IS TRANSFORMER!?
It's already like the last Transformers at its first sequel, and it will end here.
Feels straight to DVD. I hope I'm super wrong.
Am sorry you cant have GLaDOS explaining what a Jaeger is and expect me to trust it...
This is what happen when you dont get guillermo del toro back. it instantly looks soooo much worse
It will the nigga' version. :(
Its actually going to be 4 Yeagers vs one kiaju rather than getting picked off in the first one
Imagine ultraman with Michael bay directing and you get Pacific rim 2
FFS WHY DO PEOPLE KEEP FALLING FOR THIS FUCKING extended trailer BULLSHIT. STOP
Karl Tanner, a fookin legend of Gin Alley
Overall thoughts are = not entirely convinced. As many say, the cgi takes away that level of authentic realness.
Is Kim making an appearance and I don't mean Kim K
2:05 Am I the only one getting a Power Rangers vibe?
Really bad trailer what was the producer thinking it looks literally like power rangers
Watch the first movie's trailer and compare the cg\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5guMumPFBag\nDoesn't compare..
I got a pacific rim 2 trailer ad on a Pacific rim trailer video \nReally YouTube
HOPEFULLY Since Del Toro is producing he will have all the parts with bad CGI cut out of the final product.
You can go to google and search  The new Jaeger's in Pacific Rim then go to images and scroll down until you see blueprints of them
So is this Robot Jocks meets Pacific  Rim?
I Reacted to this trailer! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4QwkG4K_DA
I remember saying the first Pacific rim trailer and IT trailer looked like shit.  They turned out to be great movies.  I'm keeping an open mind and everybody else should too.
is that the baby monster from the first movie all grown up? 1:49
This trailer wasn't a triumph, no sucess
I stopped wanking for this. Worth it
sick
Looks like power rangers. 😩😂
power rangers 2 ?
Can't wait!!!
3:09 shows high latency
2Pac tho 😍
Cool!
2PAC... Shit gave me chills!
2:15 Glados????
no charlie hunnam, not watching
1:32 Zed project :D~
gay
Cgi looks cheesey
Can't wait .....
anybody else think second teaser sounded like gladOS was talking?
GO JAEGER!! #UPRISING!
Dude glados confirmed as a jaeger
John boyega is my boi!
NAAAAAAAAH, SO CHARLIE HUNNAM MAKES NO RETURN??????!!
2:18 GLaDOS is that you?
Power rangers, the awakening! 2055
GLaDOS?!
HYPE!!!!
Btec transformers 😶
2:19 Gladus ?????
ow, awesome! Transformers 6!
0:43. Yep, those are kaiju jaegers.
Glados? XD
2:19 it's GLADOS
It looks like poop
PACIFIC KANGZ
WE NEED THE INFINITY JAEGER😃
Fucking GlaDos made the Jaeger
Looks dog shit
Power rengers....yeahhhhhhh
Whats GLaDOS doing in this trailer?
Power Rangers on steroids
Really Boyega? Disappointing.
Looks absolutely crap.
Power Rangers Robots.. Bumblebee would whoooop their...
Dud I don't know why I'm watching this i don't do my makeup and would never put all that crap on my face what the fuck happen to simplynailogical
this is definitely my favorite one of the series so far. they both looked like they had so much fun together!
When the what do you think edit I thought it was like a choir (it's sad that's how many times she does it)
Please do a collab with Sylvia gani good news she lives in Canada
Disney Channel stole your duck nail songs but changed it to duck tales
Cute video..... but that girl needs to stay away from the lip fillers 🙊
What do you think
Lol love you cristine always make my day..
Tbh Christine even without makeup you're really pretty
Oh Cristine, my love... u'v gotten a lil better
Lol in order for me to learn how to contour it would take me 6hrs
Do I see twins? Well I don't Christine you need to learn makeup and I know how just learning the makeup tips because I am preteen and I'm just learning about all these make up stuff and it's kind of annoying because everyone thinks that you know everything about make up but you do not because you are a newbie and you are a failure at life and with your grades that you need to fix so I'm I'm in the same boat is you girl I, I know how you feel we're in the same boat I guess ha ha Send help
What ever happened to her devil horns. Should we call her beauty guru in training???
hey, i ordered a zyler hoody and it has been almost 3 months and me and my dad dont no if it is the wrong adress but i live in Maricopa Arizona. plz find out what happend
there were so many points in this video that i would've went deaf if i had headphones in. love you cristine 10/10.
Now I look less dead\n\n\n\n\nI'm ded
The reason why I don’t contour is because you only see the ugly when you look from the side. Contouring doesn’t hide side profiles
Happy Thanksgiving for the Canadians!❤🍂
Why is it that, sometimes, I think you look like the actress that played Piper in Charmed. I can't remember her name, even though hers was the most shown in the opening credits.
I HATE THAT SONG
Was waiting for the moment Cristine brought in the sponge applicators to trigger Nicol\nStill a really funny video though
You should have the people that are going to teach you send you a list of what you need before the you film the video
She said what do U think :o
plz post 2 times a week I need MORE HOLO!  Like this so Cristine can see plz
CRISTINE WERE DUH HELL IS DUH THE NAIL ART!?
I have the same done on my four head just a little dent I got stuck on my mom's pelvis
The one on the left has pretty hair and I like there cat ears 😘
Mandatory narcisitic montage, Oh Cristine you're everything good in this world.
NAILOGICAL... THIS CHANNEL IS FOR NAILS!!!!! WERE IS THE NAIL
QUEEN I PAINTED MY NAILS ARE YOU PROUD!?
Cristine you should totally meet with some one and do some hair styling stuff with them! <3
Someone at six flags today was wearing a Holo its me shirt and my mom was like whats a holo and she pronounced it like hoh-low XD
I love how she adds a what do you think she ever said to the next video when she says it and it adds on
Watching Cristine gives me life. But not too much life, a happy medium of it. Thanks Cristine, I was a zombie and now I'm only half zombie- so I guess that means I'm a vampire now.
Quick my fellow americans tell Cristine a happy canadian Thanksgiving
cristine next video u shd do a draw my life 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
MANDY MOORE!! I WANNA BE WITH YOUUUU ♥♥ OMG Cristine WE ARE SO OLD. I♥U
I've always loved Cristine, but I miss the sarcastic nail tutorials. These types of videos feel wrong and fake... I subscribed for the nails, I'm still here because of the humor, but I may not stay much longer.
What do you think
WHAT IS THE SONG SHE USED FOR THE DAMN MONTAGE
The dark red lipstick and red eyeshadow are too dramatic for Christine’s Casper the Ghost complexion, It stands out too much, you need something that won’t be an elephant in the room, and insted compliments your skin that knows no sunlight.\n\nAlso you might be better off finding some grey contour shaders, and for highlight, well, your already whiter than white holo so idk gurl
Someone  needs to bake her a cake that has nail polish  bottles all over it 
Do you wanna look like you got decked in the mouth, but all the time?!? #lipinjections
I think you meant to say her face is snatched. Awesome job Cristine
Happy Thanksgiving Cristine! I know today is Thanksgiving in Canada. You probably won't see this but it's ok. Happy Thanksgiving!
hi my name is cindy my dad recently died ive been watching your videos for a while and when im sad i come right to your channel you always putt a smile on my face im only 11  and right now its realy a hard time for me i just wanted to say thank you pls make a video about readying comments thanks
Couldn't watch this due to the ginormous lip injections that were occupying all of my attention.
If y'all Don't Know But Ben And Christine KISSED on the other girls channle...... When they kissed I scream in my head😘😘😘😘😘😘
First off, more vids worth you two! Great chemistry.\n\nSecond, I'd love to see you do a facelogical vid with a drag queen! ❤️\n\nLove your channel!!
Heyyyyy!!! You should have Ben drive around while you try to paint your nails. Maybe some not so basic holo French tips? Thanks!!!
So I had a research in sociology and I found a statistic analysis about prostitution in canada by some cristine rotenberg and it seemed good so i googled her expecting her to be a professor or something like that but it brought me to this channel. I was confused and thought there was some mistake but then my professor saw my computer and thought i was watching youtube instead of working... so he asked me to leave the class :(
omg i finally know how to contour
I hope Christine doesn't turn her nailogical channel into a beauty channel
Your previous contour looks better than this 😂 use kat von d it's great for beginners. I hate creams haha
Cristine should've been using Nicole's contour shade
i lost it at “the other guy’s a desk”
cristine u are bootiful person finally you've come so far mom
You looked better without all the makeup
Cristine always looks sooo amazing. I laughed like crazy, stay funny and special on you fucking, freaking, amusing, wired, twisted way!!!!! You're like a mother to me <3<3 I'm sorry that holo makeup gel dissapired xoxo
Please do more videos like this
Does anyone like So Awkward (CBBC) ? Cause Nicol reminds me of Martha
Ur channels retarted get rid of it
Not gonna lie Christine looks better than Nicol. WHAT IS THIS SORCERY ?!
Nicol. Girl you know she's pale and needs a COOL TONE CONTOUR! *facepalm* hahaha
I thought it was my life as eva
Proud of you! U look fab , no lies.
Is it just me, or does Nicole look like abby (mike fox's gf) when je has make up on
I laughed so hard at 4:32 and 4:53, Cristine's jokes are so funny
She looks better than I'll ever be
CRISTINE DO YOUR FUCKING NAILS \nYOUR CHANNEEELLLL NAAAMMEEE IS *SIMPLYNAILOGICAL*
Who's watching 2018?
Simplynailogical buy the threadbanger pumpkin kit!!!!!!
https://www.etsy.com/listing/563680895/2mm-080-holographic-black-color-glitterhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/563680895/2mm-080-holographic-black-color-glitter
Cristine's freckles are so beautiful!!
Her jaw could cut diamonds
Im now addicted to holo stuff
BLEND UP!? girl, I'm shook.
Your gorgeous without makeup im only 11
Expectations vs reality(christine)
Halo
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
WheRe is CheEse ??
Nicole needs lipstick stat
https://www.amazon.com/Sparkly-Chameleon-Holographic-Rainbow-Irregular/dp/B0722RX2Z2
1:40 I THOUGHT SHE SAID BOOTY GURU XD
DO IT WITH NIKKIE!!!!!
oooh My girl is trending <3
Omg u look gorgeous
Happy Thanksgiving Christine!!!
someone, somewhere, please teach Cristine about undertones 😭
Nicols jawline though 😻😻😻
mandatory narcissistic montage haha!
I’m so sorry Christine I love you but... what the hell is that! 🤣
Omg MY QUEENS and your both beautiful just the way you  our. Plus I don't get make-up ... 😖
ELIZABETH ITS ALLIE I MISS U\nEVERYONE GET THIS COMMENT TO THE TOP! I NEED MY FRIEND TO SEE THIS IT WOULD MAKE HER DAY\nLIZZY THE LIZARD
2:46\nI GOT A BASKETBALL GAME TOMORROOOOOOOOOOOOOW
Where's zyler Christine!!!
https://youtu.be/vcZ39rQu8aM\n\ndo this nail art because...holoween
Christine please get a makeup artist to teach you
Nicol’s upper lip. 😂
I love when she did that tongue thing at 3:00
I hope Gal Gadot never changes. I honestly love her just the way she is
gal gadot is endlessly charming and adorable.
Gal gadot is amazing. Miley on the other hand is just plain crass.
i am in love with gal
Her not understanding English is beautiful
Look at how all of the guys in the band look at Gal at 0:37 hahahaha same
listen, I liked Billy Ray Cyrus but I don't need to see his spawn flaunting camel toe and a non-existent flat a$$ to match that 'voice' because she's threatened by some insipid little vanilla-flavoured tart who tried to ruin the only female superhero in the mainstream in a media adaptation that was so godawful that even General Trevor was played by an actor almost as artificially girlish, classless and characterless as the lead, and in the worst way. Why is that annoying non-blonde blonde creation in every other episode? This guy used to be decent enough to look at, and most days he has an unobjectionable lineup and an inoffensive face which you could stare at for twenty minutes. Is everything unwatchable now?
Idk why but I love dis lil squad right here sm
2:44 her face is scary af
Wasn’t Miley supposed to be moving to Mexico or something?
love to do charades with Gal, but did you have to bring that disgusting Cyrus on?
Gal is gorgeous and such a fun, cool woman.
Gal just has to breathe and i get gayer for her
I wish I can play Charades with Gal Gadot \nShe so fun, funny, and energetic 😎\nOH and I love u Gal Gadot 😍
This was one of the best Charades
I am in love with Miley's outfit! She is super gorgeous and beautiful!!
no one celebrates like that btw -jimmy to miley LMFAOO HAHAHA
SHE JUST KNEW IT I THOUGHT THEY WERE SCREWED OMG I LOVE HER
i spit my water when jimmy got his first one
GG: film\nGG: one word\nGG: short\nGG: It\nMe: semi hard*
gal gadot must be wonder woman cuz she guessed IT in less than 10 seconds!! also Jimmy's face at 3:23 gives me so much joy!!
i love you maily, enough with the tongue already!
Gal Gadot pulled a Wonder Woman with her hilarious naïveté and Miley let out that last little bit of whatever's been possessing her these past few years. HILARIOUS!
why didnt jimmy hug the black guy at the end. what a racist son of a bitch
Miley dresses like a hot grandmother and acts like a lunatic. A really weird combination.
The last round was Gal and Miley's turn\nAnd it was not a tie
How is 2-1 a tie?
is it allowed to point at stuff? like in the rulebook?
They didn’t tie. Jimmy is just a sore loser
Im pissed tbh, this should be a show & last 45 min.
FILM    ONE WORD    SHORT    IT    <<<MIND BLOWN>>>
Miley has more curves than her.
How is 2 to 1 a tie?
They are all ugly AF INSIDE out.
if we could live happy and healthy lives without \nharming animals for food… why wouldn’t we?\nsearch 1000 eyes vegan\ngo vegan
I hope Miley gets a roast some day
this is dumb, as are most of you (:
לייק מי שישראלי
Cute girls
Miley looks gorgeous 💕
Seth rogen has bigger tits
Gal Gadot is my goddesses
Miley’s outfit is stupid.
Gal Gadot is 90% legs
Damn Miley's tight little ass whew!
Miley looks better than Gal Gadot
They didn't tie
Fuck these freaks, and fuck you all, you degenerate, America-hating commie scumbags!!
She nailed It - wocka wocka
Lol that guys dinosaur was so soulful
Miley's smile is sooooo beautiful 😍😍😍
I hate Miley
jews everywhere....
That 2:43 Miley face
Lucky number 3, threesome lol
Miley Cyrus is cute
Miley has no booty..
2:43 wtf just happened
:p
Tied game. Sore loser logic. 😂
3:21 freaking legendary
Miley's outfit is hideous but I'd still fuck her in the ass
Nobody likes miley
gal gadot is beautiful!!
...Gal Gadot is always on point...but dayum Miley lookin' fineeee!!! :O
I love Gal
honestly, i think miley is prettier than Gal, plz dont hate, it is just my opinion
Gal Gadot is the most beautiful lady on earth <3
Fuck Miley looks so good 😻😻 smilers where's y'all at?
that wasn't a tie onsie's team won
She is so cute I love her 😍😍😍
Miley is having a stoke or seizure... keeps sticking out her tongue
at 2:06 Gal checking Miley out, I see you gurl
Everyone loves her as Wonder Woman, but I will always see her as Giselle from Fast and Furious
Damn, Miley actually looks really good here. But for gods sake keep that tongue in.
I would smash both of them so hard
Can't you keep your stupid tongue in your stupid mouth? It's not like Gal Gadot needed the gargoyle Cyrus to make her look good. I only catch late-night comedians on Youtube clips, and Fallon is the only one close to watchable ( for 6 minutes or less), but what a puppet!.
when did this ep air?
I really appreciate the fact that Miley slapped her own ass, more power to you!
Subscribe to my channel and I will subscribe back, like and leave a comment :)
Charades is awesome. Has been for a long time no matter who you play with 😊
Holy shit - gal and Miley are fake as fuck!
She guessed it before he started acting.
wait wasnt it 2-1 jimmy lost lol how was it a tie?
Mileys cool and Gal is cute af
Mileys fav number is 3, triangle has 3 sides, iluminati confirmed
0:42 :3
Whats with her legs 😂
3:02
z
Lol Miley’s tongue spasms are funny AF
Gitta be honest mileys killing it
Gal is sooooo naturaly beautiful
scripted fake show alalalalalala
Gal Gadot is so cute OMG!
Miley was exorcised after this.
I ve neva' seen Miley Cyrus wear the same shoe 2 x  :)
I Would like to give gal a Foot Massage
Gal is stupid as shit. No wonder people didn't want that thing to be wonder woman, its sad girls from all over that look up to the ultimate female superhero will see the lady that plays her is dumb as a bag of rocks. Its not the language barrier, its because she's so fucking stupid
Bisping - the worst person at trying to sell a fight, sorry but your just a jerk.
LISPING TRYING TO LOOK AND BE LIKE THE NOTORIOUS... WHAT A FUCKIG POSER CHAMELEON PIECE OF SHIT
Heart is everything? it pumps blood, so is he saying that having a strong cardio respiratory system is important?
Michael Bisping didn't beat Anderson. He got lucky that Anderson thought Herb stopped the fight. Henderson smashed him up badly for a 46 year old, about to retire man. He's a weak champion.
Bisping's steroid accusation is so old.
Did she say I fucked there last year at 10:27 ? that's cool Joanna but we didn't need to know!
TJ lookin like Slytherin Lannister
these faggots booing Bisping, fckin wankers
'ARE YOU INTOXICAAATTED'😂
20:11
St. Pierre is a class act. The man pushes his chair under the table when he gets up. Can't help but respect the guy
the blNk-fAcd, zN monk, obsSd shaOlN warEOr stAr- that's the 4rEl DL scArE✋️(Nd U L nO dM wL hU I'm talkEng aboOt☹️)
I love Rose but JJ takes this. Rose is still young, we’ve seen this many times. Experience wins over youth. But, Cody looked exceptional against an experienced fighter. However, JJ is still in her prime. \n\nBisping\nCody\nJJ
Was Freddie having a stroke or something at 22.03 ? :o
Bisping is a joke! Not even close to an all-time great! Are you kidding??? He's one of the worst champs I've ever seen just got a lucky punch.
*Bisping ducking so hard. Fighting welterweights now.*
Btf Rose is beaten already mentally she knows whats coming
hes right,we will miss him,fucking hilarious
GSP will kick bitchpings ass
GSP For The Win
Bisping is a king
Heart and mind aren't disciplines in mma bisping... gsp answered that question with complete accuracy, you're just an average bloke 🖕🏼
people saying tony ferguson vs kevin lee was cringe
Mike bisping trying sound American
Listening to Joanna talk while I take a shit helps it fall right out
I hate bisping but his George saint Pierre impression is hilarious
Rose is lame. WTF was that?
Bisping is a legend and a warrior but I don’t think his winning this one but hope he does come on England
Dana White is like ... fuuuuck this
rose looking like  a figure from Thunderbirds
Its funny how Bisping's guilty conscience acts up accusing gsp of steroids. lol\nHe's wearing smart foam, now like conman mctapout, so he feels guilty.
15:43
Talk about this in our latest podcast. Why Michael Bisping is a better trash talker than GSP.  Just made a video about it.
i have to give it to bisping tho, he's pretty badass, and most of the time he speaks the truth
Bisping is such a cock head...
After MacGregor's over hyped boxing challenge, its a bit tiring to be interested in mma again
Joanna is love, Joanna is life, Joanna's so fine, and she's gonna be mine!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Bisping was on point in this presser.
why is there no water? that's weird.
Wear some nice colon Bisping, you're gonna get cup fucked for at least 20 minutes.
i honestly got pissed at michael for talkig smack against freddy roach. dude got no fucking respect. he'll definitely regret losing that title and yet again get his mouth shut the way hendo shut it. i totally loast all my respect to this guy.
Bisping: touch my belt it's nice huh\nGSP: I had 5 of those while you were getting knocked out in historic fashion by Dan henderson in my undercard.
LOL! The first guy in history GSP has outsmack-talked ... Bisping's 100 words per minute down the drain by one waterr iz wet, fiure burn an am gonna beat Migel Beezpeeng.
Bisping interviews are like looking at a wall
Only a complete knob would want Michael Bisping to win, I hope GSP drops this mofo
Anderson Silva defeated MB  but was rewarded the win, and he's happy with it knowing he lost. GSP the winner on Nov. 4.
TJ looks pretty confident
I fucking love Micheal Bisping 😂😂😂
I love Bisping.
Bisping's trash talk makes me cringe
British scum
Gegard Mousasi, will whip them both.
Bisping what a dickhead
On my birthday
Bisping is a slick talker these days
Crap
Bispings trash LOL his whole UFC career is garbage hahahahaj
Michael Bisping is going to get fucked
Rose is gonna fuck up Joanna I see it in her eyes. Just ask Michelle Waterson smh
I'm rooting for Joanna <3. I can't wait to see you fight again, Champ.
This is really awkward
Michael Bisbing is too real for YouTube
We all remember how Johny Hendricks gave a face care to GSP so the end here is pretty clear
Bisping: So when did being an arrogant egomaniac douche become a part of martial arts??
only 280k views in 3 days......
UFC has become about acting and putting on a WWE performance WTF!! and to top it off, shit fights everytime.
Bisping is an animal! Always a pleasure to listen to the smack.
how many bottles of fake tan did TJ Dillashaw use for this press conference?
GPS the new middleweight champion
Bisping is pathetic. I wouldnt be shocked if he thinks about Conor when hes poppin Viagra with his wife. Next hell be trying to box.
Say bye bye to the belt Bisping
MMA, Mixte Martials Arts. St-Pierre always has this notion of respect, it is a martial artist. Bisping has no respect, he's a jester. Respect is one of the bases of every martial art, then respect Georges St-Pierre!
GSP better clatter his ugly fucking head RIGHT OFF of the canvas multiple times.
Bisping is cringing he's just trying to copy Connor but he's not even funny. Sad
Guess who's the wanna be Macgregor
man...... everyone is trying to be conor 2.0
joanna is pretty hot, I'd love too fuck her 😍
They did this again?
Rose gives 0 fucks I love it
Go thug rose
Are you in-tox-it-k-ted... are you in-tox-it-k-ted?
GSP!!
Let's go gsp
TJ is so damn tan.
Bossing is fucked up lol still funny
Dudes are outdated chump
polish slave
Bisping really likes to instigate trouble lol
I kinda feel bad for GSP
Bisping: Aree Yuuuu Eeentoxicaytedddd - Ohhh fuck my sides 😂
I'm British ,  bisping is embarrassing
GSP will win for sure, how many lucky wins and how many controversial wins are der in Kissbings career!! Countless.. Yes GSP had his controversies as well, whatever the case maybe GSP is better skilled and raw power house, he will fuck Kissbing on Nov 4th (no fucking doubt)
man i know bisping was pretty outspoken but i honestly feel like he's trying his best to sell this fight like mcgregor would.... i mean, trashing what he's wearing? that's something out of mcgregor's book...
Bisping's like 15 year old League of Legends gamers. xD The most cringe-worthy flame ever.
Michael bisping is a fraud man, Anderson Silva fucked him up and lost somehow. Dan henderson fucked him up and still lost somehow. Fair enough he beat Luke rockhold but that was more Luke messing up himself. His reign as champion is just not warranted   . Also fighting someone who’s just come out of retirement to prove what?
gsp got big.or ped.......
Bisping trying so hard to be like McGregor 😒. Get your own act bro
Bisping\nGarbrandt\nJoanna
Cody and TJ dressed up for nothing
Bunch of arrogant assholes with belts I never root for these wankers, always for the challengers go gsp.
Tim and Faith doing an album together is something I've been waiting for since they got married! Love this song and cannot wait until November 17th!
Seriously, this music video made me cry... God, it's so beautiful the way they look at each other. True love ❤
King and Queen of country music!
Best country couple,, king & queen of country music
The thumbs down people need 2 find Love.
I hope they get a divorce
Faith Evans aging like a fine Wine...... and id be fine to if my husband was Tim McGraw
Is...is that a formal cowboy hat?
Holy shit Tim McGraw with the high notes in this song!! Absolutely amazing and I haven't seen him do that often. So good
They are literally goals for life! ❤️
Check out my piano cover of this song! Thanks!\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGzW1p4Rt9Y
This song is terrible and the video.
I listened to Faith Hill back when Mississippi Girl was popular, and I was obsessed with her. I love seeing her collab with her husband. 😬
makes me remember why i loved their music before they were married.  the american sweet heart before taylor, and the american gentleman, i suddenly realized why i liked alexandra stan after mr saxobeat, she's like faith if only faith had gotten into EDM
Why does the title say 'Rest of Our Life' when the song says 'Rest of Our Lives'? The former is incorrect.
Song's simple, not bad. But as a filmmaker who loves watching, analyzing, & produces music videos, it's technically flawless for a professional video, but it doesn't mesh with the song for me & the super slow-mo got too distracting by halfway through. All we see is a couple arguing in a limo, she gets out & ...runs to the nearest bar in a soaking dress??
Limo driver says. take all the time you need, argue as long as you want, I'm by the hour  ha!  Good song.
This song is a little wack and not a good follow up to Speak To a Girl
Learn how to claim free Bitcoin, Litecoin and Dogecoin, click on my username and watch the video.  All the links you will need are there was well....
Two intolerable self centered  over played has beens...
I don't look like that when I'm walking in the rain.
Y’all are absolutely amazing I have always love you both y’all make beautiful music and faith has the most amazing voice I never stopped listening to y’all y’all will always be my favorite real country here it is
Hehehe how’d this union work out..........
Love ur music, ur songs. Glad to see u have ur first duet cd together. Can’t wait to get it
Nice video. Total studio creation. Tim could never hit those notes live. \n\n1st single should've been That's How You Speak To A Girl. Too bad they couldn't wait for the duet album. 
This reminds me of a pharmaceutical commercial.
If real men still existed.
REAL TALK: Why does Tim sound totally different??
conservative redneck garbage.  humans are meant to be with dozens of people at once.  prove me wrong, if you can...  #wemustloveall #gangbangsaregreat #conservatismiscancer
Omg I 💘 this song it's so beautiful I WANT this for my new love of my life Oscar Gleason he is in alfghanstan right now army captain he is my all everything I been searching for that was missing in my life he fulfills that broken peice💜💜💜💜💜
Love them both great song :)
Im here before this goes 1m views.
What a beautiful song best song together
I have heard all of there songs together.. This is by far their best yet!!!! I nearly cried listening to this. Awesome song!
Ahhh the way they look at eachother... not acting, real love! They're amazing together. 😍
I hate country so much but this song is life 😭💖💖💖💖
Best type of country lovers❤️
They are an amazing couple
Their love is timeless and something to b so proud of. Wish more celebs had the love and respect they have for each other.
Country music is my life and soul. I wouldn't be here without it. It feels like it's been here forever and will never go away. It feels like it's ours.
Meanwhile back at mommas. The porch lights on come on in if you wanna...\n\nI love to hear them sang together!!!
It's just so hard imagining them arguing even.LoL
King and Queen of Country music \n*country royalty*
So good  together  love you
I love them both to and I wish I can see them in person
Oh my i love this song.
Now never miss latest songs videos,Now available on playstore.\nplay.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bhangu.diler.MusicTube
What an awesome song and video.
Just saw them in Dallas on Saturday in the 2nd row and it was amazing!!!
Tim and Faith give me hope <3
This song/video is a masterpiece - sent my emotions on high, as only Tim & Faith can do!!! I love happy endings. Just awesome.
Honestly, the king and queen of country. Man I love these two, the way Tim looks at Faith melts my heart. \nWish you'd come to the UK.
Filmed at the beautiful Evergreen Plantation in Wallace, La., on Farmers Road, and B & C Seafood in Vacherie,La!! Awesome song, too!!!
What a beautiful song. At this time in my life, it just fits; it's perfect. Thanks so much for sharing part of your lives, Tim and Faith. I hope y'all and me and my hubby will still be together to see our 50th wedding anniversary,
This is amazing! I hope to find a love like Tim and Faith!
They are the epitome of a poetic power couple.Their love for one another is sooooo well defined.
I love them.. but I can totally see ed sheeran singing this..
Great song Tim and faith
Nice! After all the duets, it must be hard to keep it fresh.\n\nCongratulations, mission accomplished!
Soooo DAMN BEAUTIFUL!!!
Tim ad faith country best duet
Check this out https://youtu.be/XdKkFP-yLps
https://soundcloud.com/user-804107004/one-minute-instrumental
😍😎
Damn,Faith looks good......Wet.
Country music
Love It !
This is lame.
My appreciation ....
Just beautiful.
nice
I love this. Amaaaazing voices
LOVE THIS !!!
Ed Sheeran wrote the song.
❤❤❤
great song
Good damm she looks old.... 😮😮😮😮
Tim at 3:02 💜
Tim. To thin 😳🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Tim's momma!! <3
Love it
Cute video!
SO GOOD
😭 SO beautiful!
A wonderful Couple.. ❤
Paraguay💙💙
pass
Cutest couple ever!
Aww this is sweet. 😍🔥!
Singing together sucks
Tim and Faith foreverrrrrrrr 💖
Perfect fairytale!!
Lovely
Just perfect
Beautiful
Fuck all the nigger rap! This is true music
Christ, this twangy shit music makes me want to kill people. A lot of people. Get this crap noise out of my head. Hickbilly crap for trailer park trash.
Ewww!! This is so terrible . Do you get a free block of cheese with this song??
silly lyrics.
Google search: WUMO SEO. They're the top rated Search engine optimization firm and ranked my website within just 60 days. If they cant rank your blog, the company give you100% refund policy. I just adore WUMO SEO.
Simon is me with spiders. Actually, no, Simon is braver, I would've ran out of that attic when I saw the first one.
Руссишь-языкишь - есть?
UTTERLY HORRIFYING!
Fen mail Pokemon
😍😘💕💞❤️👍👏👏👏
:-D
Ahaha très drôle j'ai adoré. Happy Halloween 💀👿 🎃
Perfeitooo
Muito fixe😉
Aw cmon they're just spiders lol
I love Simon the cat. And the spider was like what's going on with him , how funny.😂😂😂😆😄😄
For someone who is scared of spiders, he should have used that tea kettle more effectively. That was great!
Is that Ivan Dobsky's hopper?
It's just spiders.  They EAT other bugs.  Isn't that a good thing?
FEED ME. HAPPY HALLOWEEN in    3 weeks.
OH MY GOSH I FINALLY FOUND IT!Simons cat!!I remeber watching this when i was 6 years old!!!I loved watching this and i never forgot about it as soon as a watched a couple of these videos when i was little i started loving cats!!!Im so happy i found Simon's catChannel💖
What is Simon's cat's name?\nOr is it just Simon's cat?
Simon has spoken
hopefully my cat dies
Simon has serious arachnophobia LOL
Funny. Lol as always.
Stupid Wilhelm scream...
Legal
That was pretty spooky. 0.0
3:35 wasted
2:18 - 2:23 was my favorite, bust-a-gut laughs
Delightful.
Soooooooo cute
Okk
¡Hermoso!
Happy early Hallomew!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Love your vids
The cats hate me...
fantastic hahahaha cat monster uaaaaahh :P
Милота ;3
Adorable as always
Nice video
Why are these videos always trending?!
Lol...
Give us 5,000 subs.
3:32
4:02 Бля!
I love these clips
Soon as I see a large spider I would of pelted out the loft.. I hate large spiders.. Although I'm ok with little spiders
I hope Simon got a good insurrance for himself
If this had color?😞
I love how cat is like I don't know then squishes the spider again
LOL Love it! Thanks for all your hard work!
3:24 is so me, just with roaches rather than spiders. XD
omg i love this soo much 😁
236 people hate spiders. (I as well, but I gave it a like)
Someone's been watching Arachnophobia one too many times!!
i have a simple rule. nature stays outside the house. enter at your own peril.
These are still getting made
I love this series and I like cats 🐱 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻I subscribed thanks
Playing like a Mr Bean
I am scared of and hate spiders.
Hey that sqee he was from my little pony
Somehow I'm addicted to this channel.
Big Like From SPIDERMAN . My channel has spiderman cartoon for kids . Please SUPPORT , If you like. Thanks beautiful people
THIS NEEDS TO BE ON TV! SUCH AMAZING :)
This is so cute!! Who dislikes this??? Seriously?? I don't understand the thumbs down.
Get a $100 Visa Gift Card! click below:\nhttps://cpbld.co/o/14988/214976?s1=
Thank You So Much for making these!!!!\nI'm sick in bed and this helped me keep my mind off my tummy problems.\nGod Bless$
Simply just Move to google and type: WUMO SEO. It is the most reliable Search engine optimization firm. If they cant rank your website or blog, these people ensure that you get100% money back guarantee. I just love WUMO SEO.
Muffet's just asking you to donate to her charity.
Help translate this video\n...very funny Youtube, very funny
I would have just let the cat stay up there till she had her fun. Then close it when she's asleep in another room.
I can't even think about what is like to be stuck in the attic with spiders... x_x
My third grade class loves Simon's Cat. This video had them falling out of their seats!!
My cats always try n run in attic when doors open. They think its a while new playgrounf for em
It's a dark creepy attic what do you expect it's going to have spiders but oh sure was funny
This is so funny
According to the dislikes, 207 people who watched this have the brain of a small fish.
I would like to see Simon's Cat draw one when a mouse gets into the house and he attempts to take it away. I have two indoor cats and at 4 am this morning they had caught one.  I had the garage door open this yesterday for a bit and since winter is on it's way one must have gotten in. After torturing the mouse almost to death, I put it outside to my cats dismay.
There's only one true way to be rid of spiders from your home. Burn it to the ground and then discard the ashes to space.
Best thing ever seen yet. 1:00 wants to play with the toy too. No  cat goes ohh...
Spiders don’t bother me but that cat is dead on lmao
This is sooo cute why isnt this channel bigger it deserves to be #1 on trending come on people lets make it happen
well done on getting the wilhelm scream in there
Too bad they don't have a 50/50 choice of like or dislike. I loved the very first one, that made me laugh! But I was not crazy about the other too. Just my opinion.
What do you use to animate
And there is nothing I can do when I realize with fright \nThat the Spiderman is having me for dinner tonight.
I love the noises the spiders in the attic make
The first one is literally me 😂😂
If i whip my dick out and scream virgin blood will that trend?
Last time I saw you, you had 300k...
Happy Halloween!🎃👻🎃
To be fair, these are all perfectly acceptable responses to spiders, so...
pls reply \nFirst off,  I live your videos\nSecond,  can you give me a shout out\nThird, jk lol UK you won't give me a shout out lol
I just saw this recommended, I don't regret this
That second one killed me. XD
I love you simon's cat 💗💗💗
Hey, shutting the cat in the recliner is no joke. My mom told me that, before I was born, my grandpa accidentally crushed a farm kitten that had climbed into his recliner without him noticing, and it was heartbreaking.
And I thought my animation was bad!
Move To Google And Type: *gamesecrxguide facebook* It is literally the purely working FB h@ck tool working these days. Just don't waste your entire precious time on some other specific tools
A MIND BLOWING FREE OPPORTUNITY!!!!\nhttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=168778
Hahahaha. My cat 🐈 ignores all spiders 🕷 in the whole house 😂😂
Mixed Puerto Rican over here! Do i still count 😆
Lin-Manuel Miranda is such a good person. He's my personal hero. This is how people who make it big *should* be, using their influence to help people and make lives better. And I don't know Spanish but the spirit of the song and the emotion in the vocals are incredible, almost enough to make me cry, even without knowing the lyrics. I love everything about this.
Many Prayers Love from your brothers & sisters from Australia - will definitely be supporting & encouraging others to <3
Would anyone mind sharing a translation of this song's lyrics?
I FUCKIN LOVE THIS! dude, you are AMAZING for this!!!! thank you.
Praying for Puerto Rico and the people who are there.
my girl gina tearin it UP and jenny from the block....iconic
Great collaboration.  Too bad Ricky Martin was not involved.
Wow...love the song!!! But where are the brown Puerto Ricans??? It's no wonder people don't know there are dark Puerto Rican's. What's up Lin???? :-)
Who else here is form Cabo Rojo?
Why wasn’t Ricky Martin invited. His voice would’ve blended so well sigh
Treble - Fuckin tha Money\n#Classic ... Y'all go check it out
Pray for my island and my family and the families down there. Mya God is hand be over that island
1:56 WHAT'S HER NAME
Praying for 🇵🇷,\nFrom a trinidaden from 🇹🇹!❤️❤️
As soon as I heard the coqui at the end I cried. Such a beautiful song.
Praying for full restoration in Puerto Rico. Lord meet every need! 🙏💕
Who the hell would dislike?!
He's amazing. My prayers go out to all those people yes people suffering.
Love the song love the powerful meaning to it ! It's beautiful and I can't stop jamming to it !
Good for these people for making this song, but not a fan.
Much love and prayer from Honduras and New York 🙏🙏🙏
Great song for these turbulent times. I also loved the Coqui at the end.
can't stop playing this song
We are Dem Ese Boyz, won't you come rock with us... https://youtu.be/vm9Oothxi6Y
Listening to this song gave me chills!!
Bet those 2,000 people who disliked this hate perfection.
prayers to all including my family in Puerto Rico. Love my adoptive latin family.
I knew Camila Cablleo  was in this
Who would ever dislike this. I truly hope the 2k of you did it on accident.
This gave me the chills it was that amazing
this is perfect. PRAYING for PUERTO RICO
🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Peñuelas all the way we pray for Puerto Rico
This is AMAZING!! My new jam. Lin always bring us perfection
Can we get all the Boricuas to unite rn?
This should become their national anthem
great song. Just devastated at the US govt callous attitude towards the people of PR and hope everyone is buying this track to help them
Any one else hear the coqui's in the background?
This is a work of art
Nah CAMILA LOVE YOU IM PRAYING
Cotajio Músical
👏-👏👏👏💓💓
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽Puerto Rico Strong!
?Who's that at 2:50
Prayers from Hawaiʻi
This is like DESPACITO 2.0 TRUJILLO ALTO!!!
Quedó bonita la canción
OH HELLO I SAW ANTHONY RAMOS-
Cayey HEY!!!! Belloooooo me encanto !!! Puerto Rico te amo 💕🇵🇷
hermosaaaaaaaa
My Mila 💗💗
Fina girl <3
3:04 ANTHONY!
Song sucks..
ANTHONY YOUR HAIR
sin palabras ...♥🌠
❤️
AYEE
soy gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Subscribe to Crrow777
Ruben blades!!
arriba
Dope music on my channel
Verra nice!
Les falto Shakira... pero me conformo 😍😍
I LOVE UR SONG
...Los Baños de Coamo...🙌🏼🔥🇵🇷 #arribaCoameños
Cabo Rojo en la Casaaa!!! ☝☝☝💪💪
https://www.youcaring.com/peopleofpuertorico-957793 pls donate to puerto  rico
Best song ever ❤
👏
Puerto Rico!!
MARC ANTHONY!!!!!
Camila Cabello 😍❤
Whoa. Another brilliant turn from Lin-Manuel!
Mi isla! PR se levanta❤
todos somos puerto rico mis mas sinceros saludos a todos los voricuas saludos desde República Dominicana
duro🔥🔥🔥 y lindo video almost like  praying 🇵🇷 SOY diminicano hay vi a 4:40 🇩🇴 mw gusta ver cosas como esta se ve la union y la fuerza de que  la isla del encanto va a hechar para alante si dios quiere y así sera
Viva mi bandera clarita como el CIELO de mi tierra. #PUÑETA
Desde Venezuela nuestras mas grandes oraciones para Puerto Rico.
I belive God has a purpose. 🙏\nI love my Islita y  nuestra Bella 🇵🇷y humilde gente. 💞
Esto está demasiado de brutal
Te amo Puerto Rico y todo me familia allí!!!!!!
CAJA DE MUERTOS, ISLA MONA,  LA ISLA NENA  (VIEQUES )
Latinos Unidos!+ Que viva Puerto Rico y todos los latinos afectados.  Dios nos cuide y nos levante!
Que orqullo tener tanto talento unidos por Puerto Rico se les agradece __ Puerto Rico se levanta!
Somos una voz! Isla boricua te amo puerto rico\n\n🇵🇷
It's sad how little visibility this is getting.
Proceeds are going to help Puerto Rico. Please post on social media.😢
All I’m hearing is Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico. What about the other islands who have a very small economy. What about the islands who got a harder hit? Puerto Rico was speared with a category 4. What about America’s very own, U.S. Virgin Islands? What about st marteen? What about Tortola? What about a& Barbuda? What about Dominica?
please add english subtitles i really what to understand what they're saying
How can I download this? It says that the album isn't available on google play
Pray for Puerto Rico 🇵🇷💕🙏🏼 Hometown Yabouca Puerto Rico 🙏🏼
For you youngsters wondering who the old lady is: Rita Moreno in West Side Story (woman in purple dress) https://youtu.be/YhSKk-cvblc
pray for puerto rico from Indonesia
Can you please publish with English subtitles?
Hey lin... were is the rest of the musical?
Can't believe there aren't any Hamilton fans in the comment section..
Estoy aquí x Camila 😭😍😂
Man, this is awful. I just hate rap/regueton.\n\n ...and Im from PR. Lol
Best song ever
We all love you Rudy mancuso. Amazing song
Freddy Mercury said that technology would become so advanced that people would rely on it instead of raw talent... The music will lose it's soul... He was right...
REMEMBER PEOPLE!!! You can get this on ITUNES OR WHATEVER YOU USE FOR MUSIC.
love the song so so so so so much
this song is sooooo good
I really like the song
I looovvee this so much
I liked the song but I couldn’t hear it at its full potential because of my pineapple earphones
Oh man you're so talented rudy... this video deserves more likes and views than jake paul's it's everyday bro
I see the world in red and purple.. I guess... 😬
Good song\nA little bland, common, but good job Rudy
*Well if you wanted to set the world on fire my town is on fire so *clap clap * Good job :<
Watching this video on #PineapplePhone8Plus |  keep it #Pineapple
Downloaded it on Spotify this song is awesome and I can listen too it in front of my parents because it doesn’t swear.
Cant take it out my mind 🎵🎵
On my Spotify,  It's no there
So basic he see's the world in black Nd white and he bout to die
1:56 Rudy’s pianno skills are some next level!
Rudy you are the best my family is having problems and my dad and my got divorce but when I started to watch your videos they helped me so much keep up the good work
Make more music\nAnd make an album
I LOVE IIIIIIIIIIIT THE  SONG💟💟💟💟💞💞💞👌👌👌👍👍
People who disliked this vid are likely feeling grey today
Who else can agree that this is the most amazing thing anyone has ever seen!!😳😰😄😄
Why was the song is so super great I love it black and white that's my favorite color
You got a lot of talent, i love you😍💖🙌
I watched this on the pinapple too. But it was 10x cracked. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 👏👏🤘🎵
It's so cool to see Rudy grow so much from when I first started watching him, he's so talented it's unreal, Keep it up Rudy
This is just like black or white by Michael Jackson except a little crapier
1 trending casey neistat 1.2 mill views this video has 2.1 mill views wat the heck
I Lve This Song Now All You Have To Do Is Make The Full Version Of I like Tequila
Rudy is really talented musically and comically but in this song poo bears vocals outshined his not gunna lie. But I love that he’s putting out music now, the rest the songs are only gunna get better 😊
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT ...THAT AIN'T CREATED
This is AMAZING he is sooo talented obviously 😂
Only good youtubers music (not counting channels dedicated to music/musicians)
Make another. Song plz i now it is.going to be lit
Its basically a few verses on repeat..\n4/10
I love this video so much 😆😆😆🤣🤣🤣💖💖💖😍😍
So I got out of the way. And then another video happened.
I watched this like a million times lol
You’re voice is so sexy
Want to set the city on fire....lol..my fav....
You know it's good when you can't look away lol
Its kinda raciest that u didnt paint poo bear black and white
His poo bear a black Mexican?
Three words
Very creative Rudy. 0% porn, 100% music
2 million views 😵
poo bear sounded delightful👌🏻👌🏻
Damnnnn!!! He always shooks me!!😍😍💋💋🔥🔥🔥
I cant stop watching this
i love u both...amazing!!!
Wooow
Oh shit! This is awesome!! ❤😻
omg this was amazinggg
Loved it
Love you boo baer
Alesso brought me here!
❤your singing voise omg 💘
Whoah I love your voice
Gj rudy love it 🔥 🔥 🔥
Loved it
best music
Love it
so much fire 🔥
Awesome Rudy💃💃💃💃💃
I da dont understand
What the
congrats! great song
I love this
This is fire 🔥
GANGSTER MOM!!
Great
😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🙂🙂😎😎😎😎🙂😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🙂😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎cool
Check my amv on it ..Use HEADPHONES
Fire
This song is dope love it who is watching this in 2018
Like me if you think this a beautiful song
Its lit and cool who else think that like if you do
Rudy upgraded a lot.But that's good
Wow guys this is Rudys first music video.AND ITS INCREDIBLE PEOPLE LIKE THIS VID HOPE HE MAKES ANOTHER VIDE LIKE THIS!👍👍👍👍👍👍
Dude. Duuuuudddeeee. Never ever have I been one to have a favourite song and I swear on that. I’m one of those people that always has 20 songs put in a playlist called “Favourites.” But mate you have done it. I finally have a favourite song with its own playlist thanks to you. I’m probably going to listen to it on replay for 9 hours and get sick of it, so I’m going to need you to release some more songs as dope as this. And that’s just an excuse to get you to release more because I am sure as hell never getting tired of this song. In 20 years I’ll still be listening to it on replay and so will millions. This is magic and I hope you see this comment and all the other amazing comments you are getting because you have some pretty sick talent!!! Your my inspiration and even tho I can’t sing, I will dream of being on tour with you and singing next to you when I fall asleep in the shower. Meitaki maata for this.
im not used to him being not absouloutly fucking hilarious...
This has inspired me to chase my dreams , thank you
i love how rudy makes respectful racist and funny jokes but also points out that it is a important issue especially with donald trump as our president #ROADTO4MILL$
This is my new fav song
This song was good 👍👍👍👌
I love this nice work Rudy 😁
love it rudy keep it up never give up you have talent
At 0:22 it kinda sounds like bendy and the ink machine song
Watched this on his phone pineapple *think crappier*
Creative Rudy love it😍👍
What the f***good🎹🎹🎹🎹🎹
1:20 👌
This song is FREAKEN lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Wow  rudy mancuso are great singer too
Is so good
This song is dope 🔥
I LOOOOOOOVE THIS SONG!!!!❤❤❤💎
Imagine SIA sing this ❤
❤️
Love you, Alix 💖 Stay strong ❤️❤️❤️
❤️
Sending lots of love, Alix
Sending you love and hugs 💗💗💗💗
💚
Sending you love and hugs
Stay strong big hugs 💕
So sorry xxxxx
❤️
🙏 praying for you
❤❤
Sending you love 💫🙏🏻❤️
💕💕💕💕
I'm so sorry to hear this, hope you will feel better as time goes by.
❤️ Sending you lots of love at this difficult time xxxxxx
So sorry for your loss Alix, I can't even bare to think about it. Sending you prayers xxxx
So so sorry for your loss. Sending you lots of love and warm hugs ❤️
I dont think i have posted a comment on your videos but i feel like this is a message you would want to read right about now... i dont really do much in the way of a social life so i seek a little happiness from youtube videos and you are one of the people who i have always thought of as beautiful and intelligent and understanding.\nPlease keep your held up high, it is a hard time and it will hurt for a while but please know you have a family (your fans) and i am grateful to be one of them.\n\nI love you so much and i hope everyone respects your honesty which is the thing i love about you most. Xx❤️❤️
What a brave thing to do by making this video. Sorry for the loss of your mum 💕
truly teared up! sending lots of love from New Zealand. xxxxxxxxxx
Sending my condolences to you and your family ❤️
I'm a casual viewer of your channel.  My condolences to you and your family.
With any job you'd need some time to deal with this.... you're incredible and we will all be sat here waiting when you return! Don't rush we love you 💜💕
I’m sorry to hear of your loss. There is nothing worse. I’ve lost both my parents in the last few years and I hope you have the strength to bear the loss. Hugs.
I'm so sorry sweet girl. I'm sending love and hugs your way . I hope you take as long as you need to just rest , heal and feel yourself again. I'm sure the days aren't easy but you are strong ! Surround yourself with good friends and relatives ...and hopefully cuddles from moon.   We'll be here when you're back. -jessii
Sending you all the love in the world ❤️ Its not easy to loose a parent so young, i know how it feels! X
Big love and hugs to you and your family! You've all been through so much xxx
I'm so sorry for your loss, take care of yourself xx
I am so sorry for your lost, sending lots of loves from Japan❤️ It is totally ok to focus on only yourself, not on job or any other things! Please take your time to go through and do anything make you happy to feel better😢 I love you so much!!!
My heart hurts for you. I hope you feel all the love being sent your way. Praying for strength for you! ❤️❤️❤️
I'm sorry for your incredible loss.  Many of us have grown to value you as a kind of friend via your content and it's nice to see your fans reaching out to send a kind word your way in this terrible time.  \n\nYou make our lives better with your passion, willingness to try so many new things and lovely personality...our only role is to appreciate you and your generosity. \n\n I'm sorry some of your fans have overstepped and made you feel pressured or hurt.  Take all the time you need to begin to share with us again. 💙💚
Alix, I am so sorry. May all of the wonderful memories you have of your mum get you through this difficult time. Take all of the time you need. Lot of love to you and your family! 😘🙏🏻💕
Love you so much, Alix xxx
Sending prayers for you and your family during this difficult time. Take all the time you need to grieve. You need this time to be with your family and friends to help get you through this.
So sorry for your loss.... it must be so hard she’s at peace now 👼🙏...\nstay strong ❤️
You didn’t need to do this and I’m telling you this with a lot of love, please take care of urself, have the time u need, don’t explain anything, no one deserve an explanation about something so personal and painful. \nI send u a lot of love and light to your life<3
I'm so so sorry. 💔😥💔😥
My heart breaks for you Alix. This was such a raw and honest video, it brought me to tears. Thinking of you and your family during this unbelievably difficult time.
I'm so sorry about everything that's happened in your life lately. You're right when you say that you don't owe your followers anything really, but it was incredibly kind and brave of you to make this video when you're dealing with so much. Sending you all my love from Boston. Take all the time you need to heal.
Alix.. just so much love to you and your family.. just be you.. thanks for being real and honest xoxoxo
so sorry. please take all the time you need to process and recover as much as you can x
You're such a beautiful soul, take care of yourself. The things u said about your mother,  I said about my mother when she passed in 2015 from breast cancer - women who dedicated their lives to caring for family while leaving little time to care for themselves......
I’m so sorry to hear about your loss..sending you lots of love...
I’m so sorry for your loss. My heart goes out to you and your family.
Oh lovely I'm so sorry I'm an older viewer 44 I'm widowed I was 33 when my husband lost his short cancer battle our boys were 2 and 4 now 13 and 15 so although I still have my mum I understand loss it's a very personal journey that takes us to different feelings emotions that sometimes we want to keep inside or sometimes let out so take your own time lean on your friends and always remember the beautiful times are locked safely in our hearts .\nTake care of yourself at this very difficult time xx
We are all gonna be here when you feel that is time to come back.... The pain will be there forever but it will get lighter as it goes... take care x
I've been watching your channel for a long time, and while I have noticed you've been absent lately, it certainly has never made any less of a fan. You seem like such a kind, genuine, good person, and I'm sorry on behalf of any of your subscribers who thought they should delve into your personal life to a level where it upset you. I'm sorry you've gone through so much. I'm sorry for your loss, Alix, and I and the rest of your followers will certainly understand if you need to take time to yourself. Take time to grieve and to heal. ❤️ You deserve it.
sending lots of love to you and your family x
You are so strong and beautiful. Your mum will always, always be proud of you.
Sending you so much love 💛
So sorry to hear that. Sending you so much love 🙏
I'm so sorry for your loss 😢 wishing you the strength to get back but family is really the most important in every moment, specially right now... take the time you need because true followers will remain no matter what 😘😘😘
I know no words help but I'm so sorry. My dad passed away in April and I still struggle with it most days. There are certain things I have learnt which I hope will be of comfort to you, Alix, but also to others reading.\n\nGive yourself time, not just away from Youtube but in general. Mourning is a strange process which is different for everyone - don't feel you need to rush it. \nAccept yourself in how you feel and how much/little you want to talk.\nDo not feel that you should/shouldn't be doing or feeling a certain way. \nCry, hate that it is so unfair, feel sadder than you have ever felt but also allow yourself moments of happiness despite the fact that it feels so wrong to be happy so soon. \nRely on those closest to you, you're not alone in this 💖.
Take your time. We'll be here. \nI'm so sorry. Hugs
You are so loved by so many in so many different ways. I know you don't know me and I don't know you, but you should know that ❤️ you are such a strong, incredible, empowering woman. Your honesty is inspiring. Thank you for making videos when you want to, and thank you for not making them when you can't. Thank you for being you ❤️
I'm sending you much love. Sorry for your loss xxx
So sorry Alix sending lots of love to you and your family. \nYou're right, people shouldn't demand answers or for you to upload or explain.  Just look after yourself now and always xxxx
I am So sorry! Sending you a lot of love
You are such a strong woman and we all support you in good and bad situations. It's such a tiny small thing to not upload a video for a few weeks comparing to what's happening in real life sometimes. We will all stay here no matter what, I am sending you all the love I have. <3
thinking of you xxx
I lost my mom a year ago from cancer. She was my best friend and I miss her every day. It really really sucks and I cried watching this video knowing someone else is going through this as well. Sending you lots of love!!!! 💜
I love you so much. If you lived closer I would love to give you a huge hug xxx
Alix, I lost my mum, in a very similar way, I'm so sorry this happened to you, it's been 13 years for me since my mum's been gone from my life... Your not alone sweetheart, life will be different but you do adjust, in time... Just breath lovely 😘
There are no words, so sorry for your loss, sending so much love to you and your family. Take all the time you need youtube will still be here next week, next month or next year xx
I'm so sorry for your loss xx
There are no words... you moved me!!!! I am close to you! ❤️
Oh gosh. I never comment on YouTube normally but my heart goes out to you. I'm so sorry. ❤️
The amount of strength you must have to keep your composure after something this heartbreaking is just...I don't know what to say...you're an amazing person and I hope you get the support and strength from your loved ones around you to pass this time...
So sorry for both of your losses, terrible what you’ve had to deal with. You are so brave, take as much time away as you need. Sending you so much love xxxx
I'm so so sorry for your loss Please take time you need- you tube really isn't that important
take all the time you need.\ndon't listen to stupidly mean comments.\nsending all the love and wishing for health.\ntry and get yourself to a point where YOU are ok before giving others (youtube/social media) what they want.\nyou and your family are the most important ones right now, so stay close and take care of each other. xxx
My thoughts and prayers are with you. I lost my dad a year 1/2 ago. It's so hard but you gotta be kind to yourself. Thank you for sharing your story - it helps others not feel so alone when we've lost our parents at such a young age. All the best.
❤️❤️❤️
<3
My deepest condolences, Alix. My mum died 22 years ago yesterday. She's always going to be with you, that much I know.
This is so heartbreaking, so so sorry for your loss xx
I hope you find the strenght to overcome this period. Take care of yourself
I'm so sorry to hear you've been going through so much. Behind smiles, pretty pictures and careful words, people can be breaking. It's easy enough to forget that in real life, let alone on the internet. None of us are entitled to an explanation but you are very brave and caring to give one. Love and hugs xx
😩😭😰 this is a hard watch.. god knows how you're feeling. Take all the time you need and focus on yourself xx
I am so sorry. 💕
Came across your channel and I'm glad I did! Thoughts are with you, I lost my mum when I was 12 due to bowel cancer. It was absolutely heartbreaking, stay strong. She'll always be with you in some way xx
Oh man, I feel for you. I lost my mother to cancer 5 years ago--she was 43, I was 23. It will never ever leave you, and it will hit you at the most unexpected of times. I hesitate to say it gets easier, but you learn to live with your new reality. I'm thinking of both you and your mom right now, you both seem like wonderful women.
i´ve been watching you since you opened this channel and I´d never left a comment. I´m so sorry this has toi be my first. I´m sending you lots of love and strength, take your time and remember thet your mom would like to see you happy.
Oh gosh. I can't even begin to imagine what your going through. I am so so sorry to hear about your mum. So much love to you ❤️ xxxx
Oh, I have so much compassion for you...and I'm sending you lots of strength and love (from Prague) <3
I’m so sorry.. lots of love ❤️
Aww Sweetheart I am so so sorry for your loss. You are an amazing young woman to film this video, but my heart breaks at the fact that you feel you had to. YouTube can be amazing but at times like this it's not so great. Just remember that a lot of us are all here for you. Xxxxxx
❤️  sending  lots of love, thoughts and support your way
Sending you love and hugs. My dad has had cancer and although I don't know the pain of losing a parent, I know the heartache that the disease can cause. I am truly sorry for your loss xxx
I don't even have the words to covey my condolences. You are under no duty to share things you don't want to. Take all the time you need to heal. I'm sending you my love. 💕
I'm so sorry for your loss :(
I'm so so sorry. Sending you lots of love and strength. ❤️❤️❤️
My condolences and this video wasn’t necessary but thank you for doing it. I know I couldn’t and admire your honesty and strength.
Sending so much love ❤️ take all the time you need
I'm terribly sorry for your loss😢...you don't need to apologize, you do what you feel is right for you! Family is most important, above all else YouTube or any other job! Please take your time and don't rush, I pray for God to give you strength during this difficult time...
Dear Alix, what You are feeling - the confusion of how to keep going, the unease and utter pain - those feelings are unfair, they make everyday seem exhausting. 6 years ago I lost a Person who throughout my whole life was like my second Mom, lung cancer spreading to bones and brain, 11 days later my life was shattered. Few years later, an abusive relationship later I realised something. People come into our lives to teach us something, the emptiness They leave behind shows not only how much we cared about Them, but also how much love and positivity They blessed us with. I realise it's hard, some days may be more difficult than others, I know it may not be today, next week or next month, but one day please smile to Yourself, thanking those People for all the kindness They taught You, the sunny days They brought  You, the love They taught You to feel. Life and time will guide You , for now breathe as deeply as You can, hug Moon and let Yourself rest. You deserve to live at your own pace now more than ever. Lots of love, Your soul will heal, Your heart will remember <3
I'm so, so sorry for your loss. I can't even imagine. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family!
I started crying. I have been following you for quite a while now and you always seem so adorable. I really want to hug you really hard right now. I know life sucks right now, but you have your own little angel and we are all here for you. Lots of love, and I mean it.
So sorry to here that. Sending you lots of love from the U.S. stay strong !!!
HELLO BBs! happy friday!!! i got this face mask smuggled to me from italy... and i'm glad i did! would you guys try this? xox, saf!
YOU CANT SAY THAT THE SCREAM PAINTING IS BY PICASSO, ITS EDVARD MUNCH
this is basically just a TENS therapy unit for your face lol
I've been studying for a physics midterm all day and I never thought I would hear the phrase multimeter to measure... in a Safiya video 😂
so it's a tens unit for your face????? whaaaa
As an art major, when he said The Scream was a Picasso painting my heart sunk a little </3 :(
They used similar technology to help my muscles and leg heal in physical therapy after my leg and foot had been broken in 6 places.
The painting was actually by Edvard Munch and is called Scream
Watch out Safiya, I'm 3,217,42 subs away from u....I'm coming 😂
Saf!!! https://www.strivectin.com/facial-toner.html it zaps good! but not too much! and lets you press up for higher intensity, patterns of electricity, etc.
Lmao Tyler's instructions to attach to toaster and drop in a tub. 😂😂😂
7:14 TYLER PICASSO DIDN'T PAINT IT EDVARD MUNCH DID GET YOUR ART FACTS RIGHT??111!!!1!!!!!
So, this mask is a repurposed tens unit basically. a tens unit is electrode therapy for pain BUT your mask puts the same electrodes on a larger area and uses the lowest settings. I have used a tens unit for pain foryears. Also? Same tech is in a violet wand. If you don't know what that is, its a sex toy.
I watched this video with a face mask on. :)
Realy cool video, I love the scientific approach hahaha
I love you but all I can thing is how The Scream is by Edvard Munch 😂😘❤
Is a hydrated appearance a new way to say sweaty looking?
You got your shirt from target! Almost bought it, plus I work there😂
You should make a video on “i bought the first 5 things the play skin app recommended to me”
WHEN TYLER TALKED AB ELVEN FROM STRANGER THINGS I DIED I LOVE THAT SHOW SM
Safiya! The current is supposed to relax muscles, too! There's alternative forms of therapy for relaxing muscles in the face with electrotherapy 0_0 haha. So interesting that they made a mask! I love your videos. :)
umm im pretty sure you used the detector incorrect
They do this for physical therapy for pain in areas,  I literally just had this done to my knee
Welcome to the 21st century
Me in 2013:\nMom, I'm telling you there will be flying cars! Literally!\n\nMe in 2017:\nCan I buy a face mask, so I can let my phone control it?
GIRL U ARE LIKE OUTDOING YOURSELF EACH WEEK GOOD JOB
The scream is by Munch :-)
This is insane!! X)
Looking at this video, How Shocking!!
Pretty sure I just saw the shirt she was wearing at target today 😂
i said the same thing about eleven and the electrodes right before he said it 😂
I got so triggered when he said the scream was by Picasso fucking Edvard Munch 😂
I LOVE NO FACE
Ever since you left buzzfeed I’ve noticed that they have gone downhill. I’m glad you have your own channle❤️❤️keep it going
I want a relationship where my boyfriend will plug in my face mask for me.... #realationshipgoals
lmao multimeter is something I was supposed to buy for a science project but I bsed it and pretended like I got one
you look like the screamer, you know, that picasso painting umm
Lmao at the dan fan (or shall i say... phan) account that was shouted out. 😂
CAN U TEST OUT MORE BEAUTY TOOLS???  HAVE LIKE A BEAUTY TOOL MONDAY LOL
Can you please do more period videos or wish hauls
why is there a plastic head in the black 😕😕😕😕😕
I’m so glad you left buzzfeed you’re so much better now ❤️❤️❤️❤️ you were always my fave
Do a EBay mystery box please
I hope you get some use out of that multimeter 😂 I've only ever had to use one for physics lab
PLEASE TRY A SUBSCRIPTION CLOTHING BOX!!!
Logged into my school account just to suscribe to you. First account I subscribe to❤ love from fay.
Your Italian accent isn't that bad but the word maschera is pronounced maskera. ch sounds in Italian sound like a k. The Italian alphabet originally doesn't have the letter k. \n\n Love that you risked a nasty customs call to review the product. \n\nOn another note I can't believe you used PubMed to find science papers. I thought only scientists used it! It was awesome!
You should order from Romwe!!!!
Have you seen the new nose hair extension craze?
You sound like buzz feed😂 no offense
the digital multimeter lmao I had an experiment just on that in physics and I had no idea what I was doing
When she said it could be placebo I thought there gazeboes! they're bullshit!
I am in physical therapy and the sticker and the electrical currents they use for 10 minuets before we start
His name is no face
The Scream was painted by Edvard Munch!
You've got to try the chicken drumstick pants!!
Your no make up is way more lit dude. Au naturale
The person who makes me happy when I am sad
For future reference- hair is an electric conductor which means it could catch on fire when in contact with electricity. So.. probably try not to get the mask in your hair...
Here's an idea for the machine that prints your face masks,, try one with lemon juice and aspirins for days with really bad acne... I would like to see how that goes
Oh my goodness Tye looks so cute.  And that mask on him ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hey saf try to do wear colouful clothes for a week plzzzzz 😍😍
115% is really the original + 15%....
Have you seen the trend about nose hair extensions? You should do a vid on it! :')
You just referenced two of my favourite things spirited away and stranger things well done we are know spiritually bonded.
so i cant imagine hell.. rly.. for 'the iPhone non-tramad types
I think the reason you stopped feeling the buzzing (cuz it seemed like you felt buzzing at the beginning) is that you get used to electric current fairly quickly. I know because I worked in Physical therapy and we use electric current with electrodes similar to the ones you used and everyone almost always stopped feeling it after a few minutes. So they should let you control it so you can up the voltage and feel it again. (If that's safe for the face anyway).
OMG! Bella Hadid was using this too. Saw one of her photos in IG.
OMG Safiya there is a new trend of putting nose hair extensions. You need to try it! ;D
I feel the hydration is just from the cream you put on.
ya'll looked more plump after the mask
Hi! I actually study medicine at Ferrara University, I didn't know that the cosmetology department made that mask! I could give your suggestions to the people there😊
The painting is not Picasso. It's Edvard Munch, Norwegian artist
Hey I'm not a popular YouTube ... I wish to be someday... keep dreaming !! Please subscribe to me and Safia!!!
7:13 it’s not picasso’s!!! IT’S A PAINTING BY EDVARD MUNCH\nPicasso was cubist , that’s expressionist you uncultured swine
facial electrics are actually used a lot during facial massages in spas and salons and it just helps to bring circulation to your face which helps with a lot of skin problems so it should be good but like most skin care it only makes a difference when used regularly
Was anyone else like THE SCREAM IS NOT A PICASSO!!!
Can u do a week of rowem clothes
Please do a video where you use the color match feature on the Sephora app and buy lipsticks based on photos (not of your face, I mean landscapes like sunsets or the ocean)!
Let’s play the mermaid game \nYou already know how to play \n\nHair color is the last digit of your like \nTail color is the last digit of your birth year \n1 📀\n2  black and red \n3 your hair color \n4 you aren’t a mermaid \n5 rose gold \n6 you choose \n7 galaxy \n8 green\n9 rainbow 🌈 \n0 brown
7:12 , the screamer... you know, the picasso painting whaaaaa---
Omg your cat looks exactly like mine
they protecc and they attacc 😂
That's DANGEROUS
3:16 Omg Tyler listens to Melanie Martinezzzz
10:08 THEY'RE GAZEBOS, MOM
My one true mate hahahah
Picasso lmao
7:25 saf looks so funny
STRANGER THINGS REFENCE!!
You gotta stop eating lotions
those are GAZEBOS!
Pumpkin daddy. The Phandom is everywhere.
Safiya!!!! Please try Luminess Silk!!!
They protec and they attac
Try ASOS make-up!!
Omg did he mention eleven
Hello!I love you sm safyia!!!
that's scary sorry
The picasso painting boiiii no
NOTIF SQUARD WHERE U AT!>?!?#@?!?
Bitch is a 5 letter swear word LOL
Frick
LEGEN...DARY!
Bitch
Shoot!
🐢
Bit$#
Try the headphone 🎧🌕try the moon
Bitch
bitch is five letters
🤘🏻🦁🌰🌮🍛
🍆👌
Swear word is bitch
Bitch
😻😻😻😻😻
Is this real?
💩🖕🏻
🦌
Cool🦄
😂😝😜😜😜
shit
Swear is bitch
Pussy
Pierogi ARE from Poland 😑
fucky
It's bitch
😳
Blocked swear words?? Ohhh shit bitch\n\nEdit:Guess not
Could be pu**y
#coolkid
Bitch
Bitch
&$!#% is the b word
giraffe❗️
It’s bitch
I love perogies!
🤰🍦🍧🍨🍬🎂🍭🍫🍬🎂🍭🥛🍬🎂🍬🎂🍬🍰🍭🍬🍰🍬🎂
😎😎
Bitch
Bitch
🤘🏻👩🏼‍💻👩🏼
😍🤘🏻
Need the breastfeeding one!!❤️
🤘 fave so far... rock n roll my dudes
They need a llama emoji
🐧🐧🐧🐧 FRICKEN PENGUIN
hi
Are you fckn serious
@&);-prrïck
🤘🏼😜
Bitc**
My old favorite emoji is 😂.
🤓
💿
I think its b.....blich.
They should make Linkin Park emojis
Bitch
Bitch
The swear words PENIS
When she mentioned Napa it made me pretty sad because currently Napa had huge wild fires and over 75,000 acres were burned in California due to it.
Omg that’s not a porcupine that’s a hedgehog!!!!! I’m so pumped omg!!
I love you! 🌚 It's me!
You don’t have swear words blocked , bitch
Of course a basic white girl makes a 6 minute video based on emojis
4:43 have you never seen the Olympics? It's an Olympic event
I didn’t get knew emojis and I have iOS 11
Its not blocked see?
the word is probably b*tch
I think the swear word means bitch
I think the swear is b***h
The bad word was &$!#%
OMFG I WENT TO THAT  SAFARI TWO YRS AGO IN NAPA AND I FRIGGIN LOVE PIROGI'S
The 5 letter word is most likely B I  T   C    H
We're I live
i vote for hedgehog and that perogie(sp) looked more like a pot sticker to me.
I miss talking to you Chelsea
Sorry but the word I think it is is bitch sorryyyyyy
The word was bitch
i thinks it’s b**ch
i d i o t  i love u justine
Bitch is the word
That’s a hedgehog not a porcupine 😂
Hey People! I’m a British vlogger. Just living my life and being myself. Stop by if you are interested, I love finding and connecting with new creators. \n\nMy twitter is @nickrichards66 if you want to talk everything YouTube :) \n\nProve them all wrong by doing what makes you happy!!!
The mermaid new old🤘
Is the swear word
😆 love that one And the old one is 😂
My favorite emoji is this one👬 because i love how they have a gay couple
No joke I have a pirates shirt on
I have an iPhone6 so idk if I have them🙉
I know the word it the b word
Omg I live so close to Pittsburgh I know what they are love you
I think it’s the B word 😜
It’s the “b” word
Notification squad were y'all at??????
When do they come out?
My favorite old emoji is: 🌺 And my favorite new one is probably the non-gender emoji!!
THIS IS REAL SHIT RIGHT HERE JUST LOOK AT THAT PORN YOUTUBER
Omg I love progies they still have races
Do you have the 💩 word blocked?
Im so sorry, but your voice!!......
Cant find beeswax
I JUST LOVE EVERYTHING CUSTARD
Make carne asada fries!!!!
That up-talking!
my missus is crazy about them. and i never tried making them because i didnt have the canele moulds. so will definitelly try it now. just like luis vitton on how much to brush on
That's OK, they always look like that.  Indeed!  :D
Pastéis De Nata ?!\nnope, não são .. but something to try.
Seems like it needs a sauce
The cannelés have never ever been crispy. At all. The real cannelés are chewy and tender. If you've made crispy cannelés, you've missed the recipe. But I guess that nothing is impossible with the Americans ... :)
SO I did as you said and looked them up.. Your sure looked much better.. But if you don't have RUM, what can you use in place of it?
Is there any option to beeswax my wife is allergic to beeswax
They taste like rubber from l'eclerc (equivalent of Tesco)
I thought Mike, Jay, & Mr Plinket were going to turn up.
Yes! yes! Yes!  Trader Joe’s sells these in the frozen section and they are delish but I knew in my heart of hearts that homemade ones are gonna be really yummy.  I’m so glad you posted this video and this is on my “High Priority List”! Thank you! Thank you! I also am glad to have discovered that they have food grade bees wax for wooden cutting boards! You are the best!!!
Please give us a breakfast pizza videos no good ones on YouTube :(
Amazing, thanks!
@chefjohn I really need some help about using my gas based oven. It doesnt have gas marks except a high or a low and I usually mess up baking anything in it. I would really appreciate a video on tutoring how to use one and the things one must br careful about while baking.
Wait ..no cayenne. Am i watching chef john or an imposter..lol
Did it reach her?
Chef John! Congrats on trending!
Worst voice ever but nice tutorial
Next we need a kouign amann recipe!
Chef John, make something with hearth of palm please!
The beeswax you used certainly has some kind of additive to it (probably mineral oil, as that's the classic recipe for cutting board cream). Beeswax at room temperature is rock solid, there's no way you could spoon it out.
Boi that's a weird looking Yorkshire Pudding
I had one of these at a street fair at Laguna Beach this summer and I had no idea what they were called or where I could get more. Now I can make my own!
His sentences keep dropping off at the end. The video was great, but you need some vocal dynamics.
Why did YouTube put this on the trending list do they have ABSOLUTELY nothing better ? I'd rather watch someone hit their head into a wall over and over for 30 minutes
Good to see you on trending...
Can I use something else besides beeswax???
so the american one is short and fat .. wow you really embrace your shortcomings 'merica xD
Doesn’t mix dry items first = Invalid instructions
have the baking tray already in the oven, and have the liquid mix in a jug. Much easier to pour int he moulds, and you don't need to move the tray to the oven
I'm in the UK and we're currently watching the Great British Bake Off on TV (shout out to any other Brits watching it!) and I've been saying for years they need to set this as a challenge since its so difficult and unique! Now this is online I HAVE to make this!! I'm so excited!!
Do you realize you emphasize the end of every sentence
Now you need to make kouign amann.
This guys voice goes up and down in the most annoying pattern
Hello Chef, can you make a video about simple white loaf? i want to see your version :)
Yo Chef John is trending!
Annoying voice, is annoying
HE SOUND LIKE YODA
Oh my god thank you
Chef John is the chef version of DJ Khaled \nTHEY don't want you to SUCCEED
Damn it. I wanted to watch this but didn’t realize who it was. Mute.
I'm not eating fucking beeswax wtf. Don't follow this dumb recipe.
Looks great I have a sweet tooth
The way he never ends his sentences bothers me lol
every sentence this guy says sounds like he's finishing the video
Why are you using such a weird speaking cadence? It's hard to listen to it
FUCK YEA TRENDING PAGE WOOOOO.
So delicious 😋
Kaori Miyazono's favourite snack
I love the voice over. Just fine to listen your voice. \n\n*Great recipe also. :)
How do I explain to a picky eater that this isn't burnt; that it's actually a thing?
Check out my products at little cost at www.trackq.xyz its a growing company and it needs your help! First 100 customers to purchase an item from the online store will receive a 40% discount on the already low prices here ! check it out you wont regret it .
His voice is so flowing, fast ups and  slow downs, making it easier to listen to.
Yes!! My life is complete
Gotta admit I wasn't fully sold until that cross section.  Now I need ten.
Can you speak normally?
Why does he talk like that? I’m not entirely sure what it is? It just bothers me
Talking with exclamation marks at the end of every sentence! Is so annoying! Even though the pastry looks fab!
I appreciate the cooking lesson but found the way you were speaking so annoying that I couldn’t even finish the video. I’m sorry. The repetitive rising and falling tone was just too much.
Kaori ;-;
His voice intonation is really weird...
could you talk like a human?
his voice
Your lie in April...
Chef John! can you post a video where you accidentally scramble the eggs you're trying to incorporate? I think videos like that that show what to look for when you mess up would be really helpful
While I enjoy watching foodwishes, I can tell you quite certainly that I will never make this.
Why am I watching this . F i’m hungry by now
Half in the bag
I didn't have any beeswax. So I tried coconut oil. I worked just fine, and it turned out pretty good😄😄
why does he talk like that?
It’s my first time here. Does he always end his sentences with inflection in his voice? I thought it was a joke at first but he never stopped lol
Nice video and I know some of you guys are gonna hate on me or some shit but I hate how your sentences always end in an end tone. If I had to listen to you speak for more than 10 minutes, I would choose temporary deafness for at least 24 hours. Sorry for being an ass but it's just so unsatisfying.
Why did you have to remind me of your lie in april 😭😭😭😭
Stop talking like that you piece of shit
Love this version! Will definitely try this.
The only thing that stopped me from making canele is the expensive molds ! Now I can’t wait to try your method chef John ! Thank you !
Your forever questioning intonation messes me up\n\nGreat video tho
What can I say ... I’ll marry you,  chef John ... lol
The cadence of his speech pattern is so annoying
WHY DOES THIS GUY TALK LIKE THAT
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
I would not say they're impossible to make. But making some really tasty ones isn't easy.
His voice is so irritating when he keeps pausing.
Never had these gems until I went to Bordeaux last year and I absolutely fell in love with them.  Loved the backstory too - nuns had extra egg yolks leftover from winemakers during the clarification process and this was their solution to reduce yolk waste. Yum!\n\nThank you for posting this recipe.  I'm looking forward to them!!!
What's the secret ingredient?\nNone of your beeswax.
LoveHealthAndFitness.com promote the ability to develop a coherent approach to weight loss, healthy endurance and enriched relationships...https://goo.gl/ZbLtfo
Chef John is my favorite
He makes me think of a cooking Mark Crilley
As a trained pastry chef, I have a great appreciation for making outdated recipes more modern and convenient.
That looks delicious af!
The way he talks drives me crazy! The highs, and lows over and over. I can’t explain it! I want to scream but I love his simple recipes and how he simplified everything but aaaaargghhhhh anyone else feel this way?
Your thoughts on sous vide
Kaori ;-;
Savior John!\nI thought it was impossible to make it without the molds!
Oh my God his upward inflections in his voice are driving me insane
I am not a weaboo or anything and  actually have not watched this anime in years, however...\n\n\n\nWho remembers Your Lie In April ?
I don’t even know the first thing about makeup not do I care about it. But I loved this video lol. I love their personalities 😊
Are we not gonna talk about how fucking horrifying James looks in the thumbnail?
This guy can sing,do makeup AND DRAW?? WHAT ELSE CANT HE DO?
James Is 5 years older than me
FINALLY A MAKEUP-VID WHERE IT DOESN'T SHOW THE 'AFTER' FACE BEFORE THE F*ING VIDEO STARTS. I need mystery in my life.
Cole-een\nI thought it was pronounced \nCall-een ??
I love how he just pulls out the fan and fans her face! 😂👌🏼
THIS IS MY FAVORITE VIDEO ON THE INTERNET IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW
OMG its official I need you to do my make up OMG you are sooooooo good
Without beauty guru's on youtube, I wouldn't know what a cut crease is, how to apply false lashes, or what baking your face means. I've learned SO MUCH from self taught makeup artists on here, that I've started doing makeup for other people. So, to the professional makeup artists that are salty about youtubers taking your jobs,  maybe you should just make a youtube channel and quit your bitchin.
I just love how they both turn their heads when they hug to not ruin their makeup hahahaha
Nice job parents on raising this cock sucker! Bet your really proud of him taking it up the ass!
I need to hire you.
The you look so good in this video
This is BEAUTIFUL YOU BOTH ARE BEAUTIFUL
He literally just made her look like she has been drained of life 💀
hi sisters! the stila liquid metal eyeshadows are kinda expensive so a really good dupe is catrice liquid eyeshadows. the colour is very similar and they're only €4 ❤ love my budget sisters
Do you want mine? Hahahaha so sweet about to take his lashes of for her ❤️🙌🏼
They look low key related
Omg I love you SO much your beautiful 😍😍
you are so cute for offering her your lashes, i love you <3
omg Colleen looks so beautiful omg love you both killing the looks
Maybe Islam isn't so bad
Love this look! 😍 y’all are perfect
men shouldn't wear makeup. It's disturbing
Any small youtubers wanna support one another? I'll sub to everyone🌸
I'm not famous but would you plz do my make up sometime?? I love your work and you rival most any make up artist. Your awesome! 😚
Cringe 😭😭😭
💖
LOVE this!!
loved thisss
He should sell makeup
Love love love this
oh helloo
I love this video
HE'S REALLY EMBARRASSED BY HOW HE'S TALKING BUT THIS IS HOW SO MANY PEOPLE REPLY TO THE PEOPLE THEY LOVE
i feel like i’m in a church and it’s like sister kory, how are you. but i love it
*James looks away*\n\nDo you want mine?
Do a singing video with her!!!!
when u took bailey to the zoo love u with bangs wow
Why is in the trending. It not normal
THE FACT HE ASKED HER IF SHE WANTED HIS LASHES OMH YOURE SO CUTE JAMES!! ❤
Can you please recreate Miranda make up look on yourself
Her makeup is so good
why do i feel like james talks as if he has saliva he needs to swallow in his throat
this is honestly so wholesome and pure
What editing app does he use because I’m wanting to start YouTube
She looks more pretty without makeup.
I love the way you are not afraid to be yourself :)))
You and Tana should do another collab
THIS MAKE UP LOOK ON COLLEEN THOOOO!!!
You have the cutest intro !!
colleen looks so good w that dark red lip 😍
Omg they look the same
Definitely need to do more videos together!! 😍🔥🙌
Okay I NEED her popsocket!!!!!!!! Where is it from I just searched the internet for the last hour trying to find one
Are you a girl or a boy...
This is my first vid of u but ur so good at makeup o.o
james is a queen.  HE IS A EFIN QUEEEEENNNNN
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS DAY SINCE THE DAY I WAS BORN
ME : just found james Charles channelME LOOKING AT HIM  :      damn he does better makeup than me and IM A GIRL WHOS WITH ME THATS HES SOOOO GOOD AT MAKEUP YOU ARE WHAT U WANT JAMES
I\nC\nO\nN\nI\nC
JAMES AND COLLEEN COULD BE SIBLINGS OMG THEY ARE IDENTICAL 😮
Honestly couldn’t tell the difference between Miranda and James. Both beautiful
You tweeted her on my birthday:)
james makeup looked so good in the video
James: do you want mine\nColleen: you don't have to RIP off your lashes for me *ahaha* \n\nThat's when you know he's a serious super fan cause he will low key rip his lashes off for her
has anyone else noticed that he has basically no talent except with makeup. he adds absolutely nothing to any conversation and is completely unfunny. maybe you should go to college
DO THE DOLAN TWINS MAKEUP
He's so fucking gorgeous
Fuck LGBT fucking disgrace to their ancestors.
These degenerates are offensive.
Colleen is so beautiful 😘 so is James. OMG JOLEEN YASSSSS GURL
You speak so fast wow
fffffffffaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkk😡😡😡😡
He so cute!
eglaf presents cellulite remover https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074BL1VMJ
Hi sexx deer, send vagena pics plz\nNo cloth on
IM OBSESSED NOW OH MY GOD
Cakky
8:12 gives me life😂😂😂😂😂😂
hes so pretty lol
Kardashians are shaking😂
Everywone knows that Miranda sings is Colleen Ballinger richt ? 😎
Updated everyday makeup please 😭❤️
WOOOOOO\n5th ON TRENDING\n\nGO SISTERS
look at 2:53 so cute!!
50 on trending
Wtf is this
Miranda exposed
why is this trending🤦🏾‍♀️
Freak
I hate James Charles
That’s nasty
James please stop what you're doing
you are mentally ill.  Homosexuality is not to be glorified on.
Wouldn't it be great if youtube's trending was actually videos that are trending instead of them pysing their agenda on us?
Ew ew... what am I watching??? Such odious people, I tell ya!
this world is fucked in a head
Fuckng fagget
That keeper playing in the Matrix
Hope Scotland qualify from an Englishman
Scotland played good, andtgey won my bet good job! Got to qualify
strange how it was only weiss that got booed for slovakia
10vs12 Could be different match when Mak rather could scored and did not made fault. Anyway, pretty hard group even Slovakia may be will not proceed. Slovakia, Slovenia, Scotland should be on the cup :D
oh wow this was a very lucky one ... :/ :D
Englishman here. But honestly Scotland look far better and way more exciting to watch then England. Was only the keeper stopping Scotland being about 4-0
Consider a fact: a Serbian guy send off Slovakian player in both match against England and against Scotland. We must play in ten to lose tightly.
Robert mak stuped this is not greek league
scotlands central defence represented by hearts and Blackburn omg thank god we,re not going to the world cup the goal difference would read for nil conced 35 after the group games
I've half Slovakian so idk what to say here :/
Great Dúbravka. Amazing....
England and Slovakia will make it to the World Cup from group C.Scotland will struggle at Slovenia and Slovakia will definately beat Malta
Tht late goal made it the 40\nMin wait to get out   Asda car park worth it haha
Wish Scotland would stop playing in those poofy pink shirts. Hardly a tough image.
Good luck to Scotland as an england fan
Subscribe to me and stay active 👍comment done 😅 I WILL RETURN AND STAY ACTIVE 😃
We have some of the most passionate fans in football. Just please don't bottle it in Slovenia
COME ON YOU BOYS IN PINK!!!!!!! #SCOTLANDSPINKARMY
Good decision by a reff!!
outside the box thats a free kick,if its a foul its a foul, his point is right, thats a free kick so why no pen
Proud to be scottish 🔵⚪💪now on to Slovenia #believe
From an Englishman one more games lad's you can do it!!!!!!! See you in Russia.
Not a fan of that pink kit. They should use black and / or yellow.
I'm just here to see the Scottish Fans freaking out completely. Hope to see you at WC18.\nBest wishes from Germany.
Who else was there?
Got to love Scotland! Defo be supporting them over England if they make it... coming from an Englishman (with Scottish family ties)
if scoltand qualify to the world cup, they will be in brazil group, thats always happens.
My friends went to see it! In wembley
That boy from coldplay sure can shoot!
Scotland playing amazing keep it up boys.
It would be really cool if wales,england and scotland all qualify for the wc
Really Good Match To Watch..
What a game. Should have watched this one
Such a great match and better than a grand football final 😱😱
Wish England had this passion.
So many nice shots, but eventually get such a weird goal,
Excellent keep up the good work!
What's with the faggy pink shirts?
Well done once again for fighting hard scottish boys just hope we now can get a win over in Slovenia be tough game but canny fault the effort from the scotland team
whatever happens,so proud of my country tonight,Benidorm erupted when the goal went in,nice end to a holiday!
Man off the match is the fans xd
As Gordon Strachan said, \n\nTheir goalkeeper played brilliant, as did the crossbar.
Hi guys can everyone check out my little boys football channel if you like subscribe thank you
Unlucky, own goal at the end
Scotland will go in playoff because our retarded coach fafanec will lose on purpose. Fortunately he will be gone after this match and hopefully never seen again. At least it's a safe bet who bets on football.
I was tearing my hair out with 10 minutes to go ,the amount of times I have seen that with Scotland needing the win and coming so close chance after chance but the ball wouldn't go in the net at the 84 minute mark I just decided Scotland are cursed that's it end of ! And then that goal goes in Jesus Christ hahaha you stress me out Scotland but I love you surley we can do it now !!
We’re on our way mon eh Scots
Shiteland third place
Hahahahaha. Still laughing to myself
Maddd
Cmon SCOTLAND 👍🏻
Please please please win today boys.
good job scotland
Not Fair for goalkeeper..
Goal at 5:25
Celtic v dudee 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚6-1 celtic
What a goalkeeper💗
Chrissy martin 😊\nYou rams !!
We will def beat Slovinia 0-2 mooooonnn boys
why pink... why... FORZA SCOTLAND!!!!!!
So.... Congratulation from Slovakia.
Scotland deserved it
Well done mini terriers
Yaaaaaaaaas!
I hate yet rate Skrtel.  Very tough streetwise player.
https://youtu.be/Zo8I_gC6sSM
On ye go boys!
FIFA Keeper
Cmon Scotland!
Strong play
That goalkeeper is world class
Imagine booing a Slovakia player because he used to play for rangers pathetic
Holland guy here. We miss that passion and willing to win!
Why is Scotland in pink? I've never seen that before. Also I'm very impressed with that Coldplay singer - didn't know he could play like that! ;p
Best fans in the world so much passion from Scotland the English have nothing like this so sad !!😎😛
Today Scotland will pay Slovenia cause they know that Slovakia will win so they are out of play and they will let Scotland win...sadly
Slovakia beast win with malta and rusia is open but scotlan dont win with slovenia
Frrrreeeeeeeddddddoooooom i can say it because im Scottish
I'm English but support Scotland and Wales more - their team's passion is real
Can we do it!? Should never have let England off the hook.
Wow, Scotland actually got a chance to go to the World Cup, what a time to be alive...
Who is the child that keeps whistling?\nNeeds a dunt with an elbow.
You have to play Slovenia in Slovenia and win because Slovakia will beat Malta. That will be very difficult Slovenia are a solid team. Even if you win there is a good likelihood you'll be lowest second best team and not qualify for the playoffs. In any case whatever happens credit to Strachan for turning a terrible team into contenders.
answer me this, was that bad or was that crap
I'm a Rangers fan(also Scotland fan obvs) but griffiths has a wand of a foot, his free kicks are insane. When he banged those 2 against Joe Hart me and my cousin went ballistic, but sadly in typical Scottish style we bottled it and only came out with a point 😂
check out my youtube channel i made a diss track on rice gum!
Why are Scotland playing in pink?
Wrong Title..there are never any highlights when Scotland or England attempt to play football
Scotland did not score a goal in doubles from Slovak
This should be on Scots telly.
Every1 criticising the guy who dived, fair enough but the Slovakian goalie played insane.
SUPER👍👍👍
here a slovakian...good match guys, but its still not the end...
Scotland no foot ball
Scotland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That commentator is atrocious.
Anyone know why Scotland are playing in pink, not their dark blue ?
Dont bottle it now against slovenia.
no tartan army in moscow :). If you meet Italy good luck to your boys they will sliced you into pieces
Now I want red hair so badly omg
Why does Amy Adams have to tell us that she's not Isla Fisher?
All gingers look the same to me
I was totally expecting amy adam to pop up in there. SAD :(
I love her on the office as pam
they look more like each other than any actual twins I've seen haha so weird!! seems like a cruel joke that they were cast in the same movie too! but I guess the money was no joke! 😅
They are the most confusing lookalikes for me 😂
I didn't even know she has an accent!
I love all three of them. You'd have to be pretty dense not to tell them apart...Isla is AUSTRALIAN for crying out loud.
I always thought Amy Adams looks like Pam from the US Office
Pam from the office is that you?
Isla Fisher is not Carrie Fisher.
That's the girl in the green scarf! Not amy adams!
My mother asked Wesley Snipes for a autograph at the Tower Records on Sunset in West Hollywood in 1995. When he gave it to her, she said thanks so much Mr. Jackson (Samuel L.). Hahahahaha!
Borat is a lucky man
Her accent totally caught me off guard.
both are hotties. finer than a frog hair split three ways. that accent is icing on the cake.
I would not confuse them, c'mon!..same with Natalie Portman/K.Nightly..
But Isla Fisher is pretty. Amy Adams...not so much.
For some reason i don't like this women
I discovered this years ago and love both their movies!
Lol I'm totally guilty of confusing them. I'm still not sure who's in which movies
They were in nocturnal animals together because they looked alike
i CAN NOT tell them apart!!!!
I've been a fan of Isla Fisher's for years and always loved her over Amy Adams. It speaks a lot about you as a person when you willingly take Borat as your husband.
Now I see how they look alike.
They need to play in a movie together! They should play sisters lol
slight difference tho : isla fisher is ugly, amy adams is beautiful
Prove that white people look the same
Isla Fisher is porn worthy. Amy Adams is your aunt.
Meanwhile amy adams is on late night with jimmy fallon
My dad always got confused with these two 😂😂😂👍🏻👍🏻
Amy has blue eyes too
Victoria justice and nina d.
Let's hope lady gaga isn't watching
Yoooo i was so confused watching nocturnal animals. I was sure I saw Isla, I thought Susan and Laura were played by the same actress, but then I saw another actress that wasnt Isla and I was like... wait thats not her but my family kept saying thats the same actress...I've found out just now that Susan was Amy and Isla was Laura... bruh
Every time I see her I want to rewatch the film Definitely Maybe... brilliant film.. brilliant!
SHE'S BRITISH??!!
Hi Amy Adams
They are doppelgangers
Jenna fisher?
Lmao
Isla is MUCH hotter
Both are smoking hot!!
Isla is way hotter imo.
They do look alike
Julien would so dieeeee 😂😂😂😂😂
But Isla Fisher IS Amy Adems.
I looooveee herrrrr
Wait. what 😮
kitchen bridge walking oqbopeh hook assessment average replacement hero need magic.
Amy Adams looks great here
Amy Adams is prettier.
Her eyeshadow color is nice
🤣😂🤣😂🤣 Oh my God I always put these two together
Genuinely thought that was Amy Adams until jimmy said a different name
Yes, Amy Adams is infinitely more successful than Isla Fisher
jimmy Kimmel is a communist liberal puppet.
she should of gone, Im the wife of that guy who plays ali G
People are so stupid...
I could always tell it was her since scooby-doo movie😄
I'm still confused especially since after this clip I watched an Amy Adams clip.
wait wtf is up with her voice :O :O :O
Amy Adams has light eyes, Isla Fisher has brown.... simple as that
Isn’t this Emma Stone?
But this is Isla Fisher, right?
I just realized in a matter of seconds that it’s EYE-La not ISla...and that she is Australian
People from Phoenix are called Phoenicians.
You look like mother and daughter so I can’t really blame anyone
I read the title, I click play and think Oh, Amy Adams with Jimmy Kimmel! Why does she sound British? OHHH F$&K
Isla Fisher is SOOO much hotter and classier than Amy Adams. Just saying... 😜
So if you remove her Australian accent in your mind, does she not *sound* just like Amy, too?
I love you Isla fisher...confession of shopperholic...so damn hot
Wait what? Is she British??
They both fine as hell though
If i saw her in person the only thing I would say is BABE WAIT! BABE NO!
It's obvious, ones hot, ones not.
Non of these stories seems real. Sorry, still funny though
Amy Adams is a goddamn MILF with serious MILF status! I'm 20 years younger than her yet I wouldnt hesitate for a second to put babies in her! She's probably too old to get pregnant though :(
I used to confuse them too hahahahahaha but Amy have green eyes and didn't kiss Gal Gadot.
I thought it was great that Amy Adams was willing to whore it up for Wedding Crashers. I loved Isla in Talladega Nights, though.
For years I'm like I thought she's called Amy...was that a stage name in a movie..wait...Isla..wait Amy...so legit I thought they're the same person XD XD XD XD
she's 'one of those ppl' 'dont do it 'proud to have a start amen right! wish i knew what mine was!
Read head version of Pam from the office
Isla Adams is so beautiful
They look like the same woman to me. They all do.
Everyone on earth probably has a few doppelgängers.
Isla Fisher is waaaaaaay hotter 😜
clones are silly
Amy Adams
Isla Fisher shops in IKEA.
Amy adams is hotter
You're not Isla, you're Becky. Becky Bloom.
Bryce Dallas Howard is NOT Jessica Chastain.
I always confuse them 😅
SHUT UP, AMY.
She's british???
Are you sure?
Isla is hotter than Amy though
If you say sooooo....
This video shows the incredible skills of the pilots. Even after an unexpected wind gust after touchdown they managed to re-align with the runway. Incredible job by the pilots !!
Damm son
DORRIFTOOOOOOOOOOOOO
No one's gonna mention the rudder input that put the aircraft in this dangerous situation?
You know I'm glad that we as subscribers have seen the video before those news channels and reporters blabla. They just rip your video without giving you any credit and that ofcourse is not nice because, I know, that, as a planespotter you make alot of effort to go spotting. Have a nice day/afternoon/night 🤘📸🛫
Hats off to the pilot 🙏
Ok let’s clear some shit up \nThat was actually a shitty landing, he should of did a go around immediately. It wasn’t gusting or anything it was the inflected by the pilot.\nI’m surprised the wheels didn’t come off that plane!!\nThe pilot on this flight was on training and he actually got grounded after this FYI.
What r u all thinking what awesome landing it was. U must be so stupid. It nearly ended in disaster. The pilot is an idiot. Still in the air the plane was rough and he should have done a go-around. No clear in mind pilot lands such a value of human life's in such conditions.
You could feel the peoples hearts drop when it drifted.
I wonder if there's any videos from inside the plane? I bet the passengers in the back of the plane weren't too thrilled as it swung back and forth.
I'd say somebody just got lucky that it decided to straighten itself up! Plenty of dirty drawers after this  one I'll bet!
It's a toy airplane... relax
Come On Big Baby, Let's Do The Twist!!!\nGlad they landed safely!!!
imagine the applause,after they realized they weren`t going to die!
The pilot is a drifting driver in his free time. Elsewhere is a genius.
Perhaps Airbus will one day allow full rudder authority above 50’ so a pilot can test his ability to overcome a crosswind before trying to land.
Serious skills to hold that together when it started to fishtail
And all barf bags were used :)
at 1:16 it can be seen that the pilot made a mistake.\nGreetings from Russia.
I guess all passengers vomited like crazy. I would :)
Storm? I don't see any storm?!\nSorry, we were just a little drunken. Next time, we hope you'll like it, a little more. Cheers!\nYour Captain ;-)
Wudda been an 'undie soiling' experience at that very moment, but is something you'd think was a cool experience when telling others about it the next day.
Props to the pilot for actually pulling this off
Holla! The giant aircraft will make a technical inspection in the landing systems because a hard impact to the ground! ...remember...the heavy weighty causes a micro-crunch in the root wings and landing mechanic conections!
The pilots of this flight, and not only this, are real consoles for me. Hat down gentlemen. You have my respect.
do we have live ATC?
Yep, Europe couldn't even sort out the Balkan war in Europe in the 90's. America had to come and do it.
DEJA VU IVE BEEN IN THIS PLACE BEFORE
Imagine been at the very back of the aircraft
DE JA VU \nI've just been in this place before
This dude can drift without using hand brake
Wow, the name of the plane is Emires? Because could this plane is a bomb. e.e
I could be mistaken, but is that Harrison Ford in the pilot's seat? ; )
I'll bet that left a lot of skidmarks.....and, I'm not talking about the runway......
it took the shit out of the passenger
Full on Tokio Drift mode right there
Do you know what they were calling the wind at?
this video went viral for sure! I saw it before on different social media, like tumblr..  and now I see the source..
TimePoint 2:37:  \n\nF/O: Oh #$%^$#%@  there's @Cargospotter!\nCapt: Has he a camera set up?\nF/O: 'Course he does, pointed right at us.\nCapt: Dammit I thought that landing couldn't get any worse.\nF/O: It did.\nCapt: Umm, we could corner left onto LIMA & hit TOGA power a few secs...yes??
Don't know about that 'incredible skill' thingy . . . crosswind is from the right. He's crabbing right to maintain runway center line. The incredibly skilled pilot will hold this attitude until just before the mains touch. Then, with nose gear still off the ground, he will wash out the crab angle with a little left rudder to center nose gear ahead of the mains.\n\nNote that at 0:22 the nose has come around to pretty much align the aircraft with the runway. At this time, the incredibly skilled pilot will have the rudder centered or perhaps just a tad to the right to counteract yaw inertia. This guy still has a lot of left rudder in which causes the aircraft to seriously overshoot the desired heading vector. The nose wheel touches down way left of center line.\n\nStresses on the gear that bring the aircraft back to runway heading are HUGE. This video speaks more to the robustness of the Airbus gear than it does for the skill of the pilot.
What am I doing
https://steamhalloween.com/?id=1Fruh6ob just click on this.\nThank you!
An A 380 of the 'Emirates' was on the Airport Düsseldorf on Sunday
Every sane guy would have issued a go around at 0:24 they effectively lost control thereafter.
Uhhh tower let the FBO know we’re gonna need full set of new barf bags.
Those are the pilots I want to fly with
Best Pilot of the World
The commenters that say this was a bad pilot are mistaken and don't know what they are talking about. This was the flight attendant landing the airplane 😂 CFI, ATP, Airline Pilot, bad comedian
How i land the flight in gta.
No I am not stupid first you should use the right attitude. I am a pilot as well and I am just familiar with it. It looks like you are not! I have a friend and he is a check out instructor on Lufthansa. He told me most pilots are not able to use the right technique in the simulator and he is trying to train it back to them because of that what happened. Now it's your turn
Bad landing....just watch when the aircraft is about to touch -down.... he used the rudder too much which caused all the commotion and the comments in the sections below....Finally any landing ..where you can walk out is a FANTASTIC Landing
Fantastic capture and video.  Huge thanks for sharing!
other sources report that the, new to the aircraft captain, and his training instructor were both removed from flight duties...maybe cargo spotter should rephrase with the term incredibly bad skills..
Comments from pseudo experts who are not pilots or pilots who were not in the plane in 3...2...1 :
Seemed like a normal windy landing. Definitely not worthy of a go around as so many are suggesting.
Was this filming for Fast and Furious 9?? lol
In case of a storm landing, your seat cushion can be used as a suppository.
We can see that even engines were shaking out of fear and relief after the landing.
Did he overshoot the tail rudder steering several times *after* having touched down?
Hats off to the pilot!!
+Komskills check this out....
AWESOME! 😀
Let me guess, someone stole your sweetroll?
Nice *Drift* xd
9 mi views 😎
thanks
wtf
Why not go-around?
HOW TO CHEM 5 GUM
(passengers) :/
Omg
2:20 daamn Daigo Saito ain't got shit on that pilot
https://youtu.be/wdMAjZjsEbI
0:24 Tokyo drift xD
fantastic @
https://youtu.be/vZQfTyB_Dlc
hol on to yer butts
watch my video
masha allahhhhhhh.....allahu akbarrrrrrrrrrrrrr
c chant
1:17-1:38 tokio drift :-)
9.2 millions views. Congrats
Looks like my solo
Skills!
Wow! Amazing landing. Great pilots!
'Go on Lad!'
Wow
Turn into the skid .. .. ..
Thats Emirates ! Amazing drift !
drift king
Wheeeeee!  I'd rather be watching it than experiencing it, but I still have to tip my hat to the pilot.  Anyone who wants to complain about his technique is welcome to show us their own skills.
The best pilot, Very good 👏
No way a human landed this....incredible skills of the AUTOpilot indeed
Just read all the criticisms of the pilot.  On final approach you  can see how gusty the extreme cross wind was. Not a landing I would have wanted to attempt. Watching the rudder inputs and time for it to take effect shows also show bad conditions were. . Other than a little over correction after final touchdown I think the pilot is to be commended!
Not bad for a plane that's built 10% to 15% under specification strength and not complying with FAA requirement for evacuation = exemptions galore - Those back seats must of felt like a marble in a rattle can. the runway wasn't the only thing with skid marks..................
As a pilot i find it hilarious that all these couch experts are telling an a380 pilot how to land, their was obviously wind shear and the approach for a x-wind landing is faster and his only priority is to get the plane on the ground
here in madeira (portugal) , what he just did is pretty much the normal day here, and we have 1 super small aeroport with alot of wind
This pilot has skills, well done!
Amazing pilot
Thank god earth is not spinning
This was coincidentally perfectly timed to relieve a lot of my stress as well, so THANKS HANK. i might have to bring a lil pumpkin to tour now.
My brother grew pumpkins up the side and on top of our shed. In order to get them to stay on the vine, he made pantyhose pouches which he tied to a makeshift trellis so they could sit and grow comfortably while defying gravity. It was very peculiar looking, but the pumpkins made really good pies later.
I don't know if it's still on the air, but Food Network used to have a show during Halloween that involved carving humongous pumpkins.
<3 this video is so sweet
Are these fruits and vegetables tested for steroids?
Thank you Hank for sharing this video I'm a little anxious and depressed too so that really helped me I love how you help love  and support your brother you are so amazing
You guys should make a video for us newbies to the fandom. Like Vlogbrothers 101 with all the references you guys make. A simple resource for all our nerdy confusion.
I preordered turtles all the way diwn expecting it to come on the 10 as in the release date but there was mail today even though its columbus day and i got the book!!!
World’s largest fruit; Bruce Jenner.
This makes me uncomfortable.
Giant potatoes look frickin gross...
Hey, my name is Mathias.
Hi John, Im Brazilian but I live in Bolivia, Im doing a literary analysis of your book Under the same star , I really like your videos, I love your book. Kisses from Peniel school.
This was perfect to start a stressful week. Thank you Hank. 😂😂
This made my week
I have good news and bad news \nBad news Some preorders shipped early \nGood News The preorder when to me who will not spoil the AMAZING first 3 chapters
I'd devour that watermelon. :) Can't have enough of it. :)
Hank, you have succeed. I was in a very bad mood and now I'm excited about this pumpkin madness!
Can I post a picture showing my huge vegetable?
Most of them look like deformed mutants lol
That’s some crazy stuff !! 🤔🤔🤔
Says fruits but in thumbnail puts a cucumber/gourd
I FINALLY FOUND YOU MY MAN! I misses sewing you in Crash course. You are awesome there and here :D
My boyfriend and I just broke up and this is the video I didn't know I needed to cheer me up, thank you Hank 😊
Anyone find out the winners?
OMG, @vlogbrothers, you are awesome! @Hank I loved it all -  the subtext, the distraction, can't even imagine how you would have researched! This is true love,<3. - Love, J
These guys are the biggest fruits I've ever seen.
How does one breed a plant?
<3 Hankie.
2:52 IT'S THE GREAT PUMPKIN CHARLIE BROWN
http://www.bigpumpkins.com/WeighoffResultsGPC.aspx?c=P&y=2017   -- Mathias's pumpkin was over 2,228lb this year! :P Didn't beat out last year's!
I wonder what the largest (in terms of size, not pages) book is...
oh god! that's not a carrot, it's a Resident Evil boss!
New tomato record set by Dan Sutherland
I love both you guys so much! 😂
Genetic selection  at it's best. What better way to genetically modify the species then to selectively breed it.
I already knew you two were the world's biggest fruits
Please tell me I'm not the only one who Googled the European Pumpkin Championship and found out that the fella who holds the record for largest pumpkin ever is currently winning this year's contest with a 2228.9 lb pumpkin. Congrats, Mathias! Keep 'em comin'!
Well if they are alive, I would guess, Pewie Landsherson, Oliver Pratt and formerly Chris Platt though sometimes its Kathy Baits butt on the hole its got to be Boseanne Rarr. Or it could be that sumo wrestler that Quentin Tarateeneeew-Yuk hangs with. Sorry I didn't realize this about giant edible fruits. Nevermind.
i luv how u give us details and info about the giant fruits thank u
Ah!!! I'm so excited! I preordered Turtles and didn't even know when it was being released!  Woot! New Book!!!
Why is this trending again
I decided to take a break from essay writing to catch up on my Vlogbrothers and I just wanted to say thank you. This was amazing. I can go back to my essay proofreading happily now.
Good morning John
This is definitely one of my favorite vlog brother vids. Thanks Hank!
But do they taste good???? 🤔
Wait I thought they were all working for VICE as reporters?
literally thousands of generations of people\n\nIf one generation is taken as 20 years of births and thousands is taken as the lowest possible plural - 2000, then you are saying literally 40,000 years of work and intelligence. How can it be literally 40,000 years when it is fact that the Earth is 6000 years old.
I love big pumpkins. And this video made my day. Thanks Hank.
I almost skipped this video and I'm so glad I didn't
great video, a hug from cuba omg
You should end every video like that. Humans. WOW.
Is it me or did all these vegetables/fruits look like tumours?
I need a photo of John with a copy of Turtles All the way Down in his mouth. You put the thing that does the killing between your teeth...
nice click bait on trending keep it up youtube!!!
why is john sad?
Hank needs to watch Wallace and Gromit and the Curse of the Were Rabbit asap
I am from Belgium and it is true. Some regions take the pumkin thing very serieusly and in elementery school we did competitions of our own.
Why is pewdiepie not on the list
I love this video
Thank you for a lovely video that warmed me up on a grey, cold Sunday. \nI just wanted to add that when I'm upset and need a little bit of anarchic giggling I go on Scottish Twitter. Completely loopy, foul mouthed, sometimes way too much but always strangely logical, Scottish Twitter is the Wild Wild West of the Internet.
Stop talking and just show us the damn fruit
But how do they taste?
Oh ,you're gosh, hank, I love the giant onion man too. He just looks SO HAPPY about his onion. I needed this video too. I needed a video where overwhelming happiness is the theme.
Now here's the situation. Hank is so adorably into his massive food.
Where can I find a watermelon that big
Awesome, the pumpkin championship is in my town- I live 5 min away from where the picture at 3:04 was taken. We also hold a competition where participants have to hollow out a pumpkin to make a boat and then race each other across a lake in their pumpkin boats. It's neat and they almost always sink.
Isn’t October 10th a Tuesday?
Pumpkins and Penguins, Hank
onions and potatos aren't fruits
SEEING YALL ON TOUR IN NYC TOMORROW
I hate your videos.
**Super Mario Sunshine Flashbacks**
Those are pumpkin kayaks.
No Gmo
LOVE.
Humans!! Wow!!!
As a vegetarian...
How is this trending?
Nekoosa Giant Pumpkin Fest!  This made my morning.
GMOs!
Hunted you down from scishow
I laughed so much xD
I like him better when he's talking about how the world is gonna end.
This is gold. I wish I had a gourd-related pun handy. Thank you.
This was a fun and unique video to make. It was a great idea! You are right. It's nice to see amazing things happen between humans and nature and how happy it makes people. You have to remember these happy moments. Life has a lot of wonderful things about it. You just need to keep your eye out for them :)
This video made me so happy. It's like it's taylor-made for my current Stardew Valley obsession where you actually do grow giant pumpkins! There's some relaxation for you!
well i finished this video and i it made me laugh so hard
#22 on trending and easily the only thing worth watching.   Thought provoking, intellectual and entertaining!
How did Bruce Vilanch not make the list?
You didn't include me, this list is wrong
Ok, Good and nike. Well come to...
Those are some huge pumpkins!! 🎃
Thats cool.\n\nBut you know whats the world's largest thing?\n\n\n\n*YO MAMA*
best. brother. ever.
SERIOUS QUESTION: is the watermelon seedless?
🤣😇🤠🤥🤤👹👺
Your mum
https://youtu.be/XFBlCgFrn4Y
This is what happens when you genetically modify food...
follow me on stuff in the description rawr XD lololol edgy
Cat at 3 am challenge? xD
My cat just goes up to my door and scratched it. If I don't answer it, she starts trying to open the door using the doorknob (and fails), waking up my whole family. Then I let her in and 3 seconds later, she does the same thing to try to leave my room.
It's his damn job OK Helen!
We let ours out at 11/12 at night. They run the streets' at night .. all kinds of culprit stuff goes down. I wake up in the morning and the cats are at door waiting to come in- eat-poop- sleep- all day... repeat. If I don't let them out at night they meow all night and you hear a prison break type scenario occurring-  taking down curtains, flower pot glass breaking.. just trying to get out the house.. it's like the moon is calling them.
If you have a girl cat that isn't fixed. She will meow for a good 5 minutes too
I asked Google to show me a video it sent me here
Wow this is basically describing my cat at 3 am
oh shoot this is on the instant regret playlist
More like my parents when I'm trying to sleep in..
Is it weird that i sent this to my bf
This is my kind of video. \n\nIt's the quality content I've been looking for.
*Helen just doesn't understand*
I love the absolute accuracy behind this! 🤣🤣🤣
You would make a great professional cat.
I just youtube is slowly turning into vine.
Never in my life have I seen something this accurate
i choked on my apple because of this\ni blame you gus johnson if i die
This is somewhat true, my kitten at 3 AM meows repetively we have to wake up and play with him.
Helen, I have to do this. 😂 but really, they don’t. Cats are the worst times 10
There was a picture of Jesus in the bathroom...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*YOU DARE TO DISTURB THE SHITTER OF JESUS?*
That's my cat. Except for the scream at the end.
At 0:23 you can see his cat sitting there confused and afraid.
I guess im lucky, my cat just sleeps all night
See THIS deserves to be on trending! No politically correct bullshit, no fake vloggers just a simple yet hilarious video.
I have to do the thing
This is why I do not own a cat
how the hell is this shit still on trending. 1 mil in 3 days and 30 seconds long? idubbbz 10 mil in 1 day 30 min long? wtf is this shit youtuuuuuuuuuuuuuube
0:23 *actual cat* : tf are you doing
Is this jesse from breaking bad orrrr????? Genuine question help
You fucking weirdo your not a cat your a human it's 3:00 in the morning u syco go to bed!!!!!!!
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
Is it weird my cat doesn't do this? He goes to sleep with me and usually wakes up at around 6 for some food and goes back to sleep until I wake up.
SO TRUE!!!\n\n0:23\nAlso the cat here is like what are you doing human. Are you mocking me?!
I hate to admit it. You did it. You recreated my cat.
like my dear sweet departed great grandmother used to say, cats are dicks.
0:23 I like how there was a cat in the background being like wtf are you doing retard.
And I thought Patrick was the only one excited for what he can do at 3 AM.
my cat never did this rip jessie i loved her
Why isn't this #1 on trending
That looks like the tenth take, or I guess your apartment is always like this?
Honestly, I unsubbed back about six months ago when I was purging my subscriptions and Bus Jackson here was one to go. I always saw him not get enough recognitions, good to see him on trending!
That scream at the end tho
the beginning of a new meme, Every blank At 3AM
He looks more like a mouse
FREE GIFTCARDS WWW.SHAFOU.COM SUBSCRIBE LIKE TO ENTER
Mine just meows nonstop like almost sounding like actual talking until I give it treats but then still talks and is an asshole...
Ok how the fuck does this have nothing to do with thundercat
Me: moves my foot one cm at night\n\nmy cat: wrong move, human (aka my foot is sacrificed to the cat gods)
I have a cat and she is a Bitch.
It’s ya boi animeking42
Elizabeth the 3rd
A CLASSIC
I'd grab your Terryfold cats
Oh boy 3AM!
Omg soooo true.... 😊😝
Animal abuse.
ｏｈ　ｂｏｙ　３　ＡＭ
This is so funny omg
So THATS how you get trending
My cat has thumbs
Cats are nocturnal.
Lol
Lol
Still trending jeez
LMAO Reminds me of my cat!
0:29 bodysnacher!
wtf u fucking weirdo
Beautiful
Furry trash
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
999k views.....wow
30 sec video needs advertising, eh?
i cried
Not only trending but instant regret
I love pussy
can confirm
😂😂😂😂
3am cat caught on tap *not clickbait*
😂😂😂
Chasing evil entities away
Lmao that’s just hilarious ...
Grown men doing this shit
You seriously need therapy.
*fickung frurfy*
A long vine
Acurat af
No actually thats me on mondays
$200 AMAZON GIFT CARD GIVEAWAAAAY!
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!!
what the fuck??????????? what grown man does this???????????????????????????? pedophile ...........................................
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
Sub to my channel...good content!!!
Simply just Go to google and then type: WUMO SEO. It is the most trusted SEO company. They'll either rank your site or give your money back. I vouch for them.
Yeah this really is trending. Not even a million views in 3 days...
Nice Skyrim map. And the Jesus photo in the bathroom? Do you create holy shits in there?
Subscribe to me \nI'll subscribe you guys back
Christians are easily entertained.
What a dumbass lol fag.,..........
my cat \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuG0375Oczc
Boys, can you please level up Spaghetti with pesto? It's a go to midweek dinner but can get so boring...
Guys can you please level up oatmeal (i know it sounds stupid but I need it in my life)?
Ben u need to make the most difficult omelette at some point on this channel. Andrew on buzz feed did it but I'm wondering how hard it would be for your chefs so level up omelette I guess??
Level up fried rice!!!! 🍚➡🍛
You should level up Chulent. A traditional Jewish food eaten on Saturdays mostly and on cold days.
what the heck is golden syrup and what can i replace it with? (pls don't say corn syrup bc that stuff is super unhealthy...)
Ideas for you: What about rice paper week? Creative ways to use rice paper- like as wonton rappers, vegan bacon, baking them ext? Or, tofu week/tofu battle! Vegan week? Vegetable breads/cakes creative ways to use vegetables? Black Garlic recipes?
yiis put it on barry is the best :)) craving for that ice cream now
Uh no, I don't want any fruit flavour coming from a chocolate fudge sauce.
Level up whipped cream!!!!!
Id love to see a level up of Cauliflower cheese or other veg side dishes!
How long would it last in a fridge?
While we're in the season--could you level up pumpkin pie?
Dear Barry, \nplease give a thorough guide to how you style your hair. I am in awe.\nRegards, an Admirer
level up chicken i'm trying to loose weight PLS
That was awesome. Next level up should be roasted potatoes
I was just thinking about putting it on Barry! Jamie read my dirty dirty mind!
Level up a birthday cake.
Level up chocolate fudge sauce is that possible
Anybody wanted to see what happened when Barry found the sauce on his back???
Just a bunch of children
How about levelling up the humble chip?
Easy way to level up chocolate sauce in two words: chili powder.
Whatever sauce you make, mix it with coffee and you have an insane hot beverage
Red wine is quite varied in sweetness and dryness.  Which type of red wine was used?
Put it on ure dk and let me lick it off
LEVEL UP CREAM CHIP BEEF (or you might know of it as SOS or sh*t on a shingle)  I RELIGIOUSLY WATCH YOUR CHANNEL
I don't know how and I fear the end result because it's already perfect, but, cheese sauce?
fuck kind of thumbnail is this mike
Level up a lamington please!
Did Barry get highlights in his hair?
Youtube/Facebook/Instagram/Twitter/Soundcloud Services for Sale\nYoutube Video VIEW for Sale( 10000 Views for 10$)\nYoutube Video LIKE for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nYouTube Subscribers For Sale( 1000 Subscribers for 31$)\nInstagram Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 4$)\nInstagram Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 1$)\nTwitter Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 2$)\nSoundcloud Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 5$)\nFacebook Fanpage Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nNOTICE: THIS SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INDIA AND PAKISTAN\nIf u want to BUY Contact me Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me  Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number  +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Creditcard\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(For demo Invest 1$ to Test if This Service is legit or not)\nCa3rEOlAfpc
Dang they've changed I haven't watched sorted food for like a year..
You should level up *MAC AND CHEESE* next!
What wine did you use?
you guys should level up mac and cheese
I love sauce made out of red vine and balsamic vinegar (reduced, obviously) and then thickened with dark chocolate ( not cold butter). best for Steaks
I can't believe this week is gonna end without you guys getting sauced :(
level up something with pumpkin, but start from raw pumpkin please.
You drowned the ice cream oh no ;w;
What's a golden syrup?
Btw, why doe everythingin the last few weeks feel more... Rushed i guess? No mistery box, less banter, no costumes... I liked the way fridgecam was before.
Since you guys are brits why don't you try to level up fish and chips? Not those unique new fancy ones but the basic battered fish with thick cut chips. Yeah,try to level that up please.
I'm gonna challenge you to level up BREAD. Just a normal basic BREAD.
Later this month could you please do some Halloween stuff. Maybe around the 22nd October. Maybe you could have a Halloween week, a whole week dedicated to Halloween. Thank you for reading and please consider these as an idea.
...liquorice, so star anise.\nCouldn't get real liquorice, mate?
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
quick question: how well do you think this would keep? (ask because i wanna make it, but i'm too lazy to do it every time i wanna eat ice-cream tbh)
What kind/type of red wine could you best use for this?
ThAt's well POsH
If you lads can somehow manage to level up Cheesecake, and I mean like, real hardcore New York style cheesecake, then I will be thoroughly impressed.
I dont like these odd format changes....wheres my fridgecam...wheres my mystery box drops...where james standing in the corner..torturing the boys with the box...wheres my damn brownie points...I DONT LIKE CHANGES!
Level up the classic snack Ants On A Log!
What’s Ian doing here...
you guys are trending! congratulations, so happy for you XD
Would the Wine Syrup also work with Ginger Wine?
I really love how Mike describes the taste of the foods you make. Makes me feel like I can also taste the food even though I really can’t
What kind of red wine did you use ??
With fall here you should level up some comfort foods like chilli, or chicken soup or leveled up apple pie yum lol
They just touch the chocolate with the spoon, \n*I would spill the whole thing in my mouth fr*
Or put it on Mike 👌
🔥Day Dream Work🔥\nWelcome's You  \nhttps://youtu.be/c3zw-fhOejQ\nSUBSCRIBE OUR CHANNEL\n🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈
So.. where can we find a fudge-sauce-covered-Barry?
How about leveling up a quesadilla? Maybe some pulled pork?
What about a leveled up fonduta?
Barry Avacado
Level up Peanut Butter!
Level up Mayonnaise
Level up a classic Crisp Sandwich!!!
level up peanut butter!
Level Up Barry Next
44 in trending
Level up rice pudding
its october
This has 19dislikes
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
Level up buttered popcorn
Level up guacamole
Level up sloppy joes.
Level up pizza ☺️🙏🏻
Make mooncakes :D
Pizza level it uppp
Level Up S'mores!
Has barry dyed his hair
Level up guacamole!
Level up mayonaise
Level up pizza
PLEASE LEVEL UP CUSTARD !! IM BEGGING YOU
what about kahlua or baileys
Cockcolate
Barry is hot
Thank You Always
level up healthy food!
Level up custard!!! :D :D
Level up fried chicken
Level Up - Peanut Butter
The level up just made a ban of fudge for children
That's a terrible thumbnail
(The Great and terrible Day of the Lord. When Jesus comes back to take up his bride and punish the UNREPENTANT Sinners of this Earth. Those that trample the blood of Jesus under foot):\n\nFor the stars of heaven \nand the constellations thereof \n\nshall not give their light:\nthe sun shall be darkened \n\nin his going forth,\nand the moon shall not \ncause her light to shine.\n\nAnd I will punish the world for their evil, \nand the wicked for their iniquity;\n\nand I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease,\nand will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.\n\nI will make a man more precious than fine gold; \neven a man than the golden wedge of Ophir.\n\nTherefore I will shake the heavens,\nand the earth shall remove out of her place,\n\nin the wrath of the LORD of hosts,\nand in the day of his fierce anger.\n\n(Isaiah 13:10-13).\n\n(2 Thessalonians 1:7-9)<---And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ: In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ).\n\n(Isaiah 66:15)<---For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.\n\n(Isaiah 29:6)<---Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring fire.\n\n(Revelation 19:12)<---His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(REPENTANCE is required to be hidden from the Lords anger/JUDGMENT DAY!):\n\nSeek ye the LORD,\nall ye meek of the earth,\nwho have upheld his justice;\n\nseek righteousness,\nseek meekness:\n\nit may be ye\nshall be hid\n\nin the day of the LORD'S anger.\n\n(Zephaniah 2:3).\n\n***(Seek The Lord): This is the language of true (REPENTANCE), renewal, and regeneration.\n\n***(You will be hidden): Zephaniah used a play on words with meaning of his own name, Hidden in the Lord. Even in the midst of the most calamitous judgment scenes, the mercy and grace of the Lord is still available to a (REPENTANT) people.\n\n***(Luke 13:3)<---Jesus)<---I tell you, Nay: but, except ye (REPENT), ye shall all likewise perish.\n\n***(Luke 5:32)<---(Jesus)<---I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to (REPENTANCE).\n\n***(2 Peter 3:9)<---The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to (REPENTANCE).\n\n***(Romans 2:4)<---Or do you disregard the riches of His kindness, tolerance, and patience, not realizing that God's kindness leads you to (REPENTANCE?)\n\n*** (REPENTANCE):\n\n(Greek. Metanoia); Strong's #3341; This Greek word is a compound word derived from meta, meaning after and suggesting some type of change, and nous, meaning mind. \nThus the word strictly denotes a change of mind.\nBut it also connotes remorse for sin, accompanied by a desire to turn away from one's sin, to God, for salvation.\nBoth John the Baptist and Jesus began their ministries with a call to repentance. (See Matthew 3:2, 4:17)---A call that many of the social outcasts and sinners of that day answered, (See Luke 19:1-10),\nbut that the religious people rejected. (Luke 11:39-44; 18:9-14).\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus is warning us to be watchful for his Second coming, because people will be asleep and will be partaking in the world and fulfilling the sinful desires of their flesh and not walking according to the spirit):\n\nAnd take heed to yourselves, \nlest at any time your hearts \nbe overcharged with\n\nsurfeiting, \nand drunkenness, \nand cares of this life,\n\nand so that day come upon you unawares.\n\n(The DAY of Jesus return should not take us by surprise. We should live as if it is imminent. Are you going to be a WISE or FOOLISH Virgin???).\n\nFor as a snare \nshall it come on all them \nthat dwell on the face \nof the whole earth.\n\nWatch ye therefore, \nand pray always,\n\nthat ye may be (((accounted worthy)))\n\nto (((escape))) (((all these things))),\n\n(The Wise virgins will go with Jesus when he comes back for his bride. (Revelation 3:10-11)<---Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown). (Matthew 13:30)<---Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers/Angels, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn). (John 14:2-3)<---In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will (((come again))), and (((receive you))) (((unto myself))); that where I am, there ye may be also).\n\nthat shall come to pass,\nand to stand before\nthe Son of man.\n\n(Watch...pray): Jesus encouraged his disciples to be persistent in prayer and faith, looking for the day when the Son of Man exonerates the faithful in the judgment, so that they are able to stand before him.\n\n***(1 John 2:28)<---And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.\n\n***(John 3:2)<---Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.\n\n(Luke 21:34-36).\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n (REPENTANCE):\n\n(Greek. Metanoia); Strong's #3341; This Greek word is a compound word derived from meta, meaning after and suggesting some type of change, and nous, meaning mind. \nThus the word strictly denotes a change of mind.\nBut it also connotes remorse for sin, accompanied by a desire to turn away from one's sin, to God, for salvation.\nBoth John the Baptist and Jesus began their ministries with a call to repentance. (See Matthew 3:2, 4:17)---A call that many of the social outcasts and sinners of that day answered, (See Luke 19:1-10),\nbut that the religious people rejected. (Luke 11:39-44; 18:9-14).
Level up beans on toast
I hope you guys enjoy the video! A special thanks to Lindsey Stirling and Mark Ballas for helping me with this cake. You can vote for them to stay on Dancing with the Stars every Monday!\n\n#TeamSTARK 😊💃🕺💕
Do a THE AMAZING WORLD OF GUMBALL cake!!!😃🎂
Star vs the forces of evil plz
Can you do spongebob pls I love spongebob
Will we ever see Mo again??!!!????
Ro, can you make hello kitty \nCake and cupcake please
Omg remember when her hair was ⚫????????? ° ͜ʖ ͡ -
My name is Lindsey
Can you make a Pennywise cake with Logan Paul? Like if you agree
Hi ro! I know you probably won’t see this comment but if you do, then I just wanted to tell you  I love your videos. You make me happy when I’m feeling down, and you are always so happy in your videos. I also wanted to tell you that I absolutely LOVED meeting you last month. (You probably don’t remember me out of all the fans you met, but I met you in New Jersey and I had a unicorn sweater on!😋😊) that experience was totally amazing, and I loved every second of it. I started watching your videos five years ago, and I haven’t stopped. You are my biggest idol and I love you so much. I wish I was as good as a baker as you, and my biggest dream for a very long time was to bake with you. Ok, this comment is getting way too long! Love you!!!😘😍 -Lilly 💖
Oh how about the new Thor movie 🎥 that would be awesome like if you agree
Who else came here for Lindsey and Mark ❤️✨👌
Please do somthing from Smurf
Can u make something Simpsons themed plz plz
Hey make something night themed at night plz?
Make something Harry Potter
Plz make something BTS themed 😫😫😫😄
Do something Nintendo switch
He has a slight accent... I can't quite put my finger on it... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
You should do more challenges I miss them
I have a request. Can you make a napstacup cupcakes. There is a YouTuber by the name of Cry that make these Undertale shorts. One of them has muffet running a bakery.
Can u do more challenges with your sister you guys are so funny love u
Pleas make a Genji cake your the only cake maker I could find on youtube
Can you do a beauty and the beast cake please, please, please
hi, could you please make the lollipops from the movie Trick 'r Treat?
I love dacning with the star 1# of my favorite shows
Plz do u just match plz plz plz plz (P.S YOU ARE AWSOME)
Secret Life of Pets would be awesome to see!!!
Hey Ro! I love your videos! Can you make something BTS themed? They're a kpop group and I don't think you've made anything K-Pop related. Thank you 😁
Please do something once upon a time
Ro you should do a skit of all your baking fails that would be funny! I love baking cookies cakes and cupcakes also.
*Can you do Naruto* (original/Shipuuden) *please?????* extra: with Yuri Lowenthal or Maile Flanagan)
Hey Ro can you do a Halloween treats 2017 you did one in 2016 but I want another one you do spider cookies ghost cake pops candy corn ( the ghost as the candy corns ) and other things!👻🍁🍂🎃
Make a hotel transelvana cake sry if I spell it wrong
Can you do something IT themed
I will definitely be voting for Lindsey and Mark!
Ro you should make something bendy and the ink machine
I wish I could do a video with u😞
You should make something from bobs burgers ❤️
i don't know how to cook lol...............
ro can you do a slime vid😍 \nand why don't you do vids with Mo😨😖 your sister like you use to do 😕\nlike if u agree😎
*Dont worry about marks mistakes.*\n\nMark: 😢\n\nRoe: *Yea We Can Fix It Easly!*\n\nMark: *WE WILL BE WORRING ABOUT YOR MISTAKES IN ABOUT 2 HOURS!* \n\nMe: *XD*
Do a challenge with Molly!
Who else thinks Ro should do a collab with How To Cake It?
The funny thing is im watching dancing with the stars right now😂😂
whenever i hear Dancing with the stars, i think of when i was 6. My mom would always watch it while folding clothes, doing dishes, etc.. And from watching her watch it, i liked it so yea, id always get excited when my mom was turning on our old TV to find Dancing with the stars.. :3
Can you do a gummy food vs real food challenge with mo
They have the same rings on!
Do another challenge pls I love your challenges
Hay tell lindsey:remember the shadow video
Can you make a sims 4 cake
Hi, I know you get a lot of requests but I have a special request for you, I'm from Brazil and I would be very happy if you made a video teaching how to make Brigadeiro (most famous brazilian candy) love your channel, kisses♡♡♡
Why is molly not in your videos anymore.
you should make a fall season cake
I'm watching dancing with the stars now!!
You should do a video with DanTDM
It's sad how all the funny YouTubers are not funny anymore but I'm glad Ro is still here doing what she loves I started watching her at 7 years old now I'm 10
DO SOMETHING FROM COOKING FEVER
You should make the Mona Lisa painting.
You should make a penut butter mug cake with justene!!
Omg Lindsey's hair is so cute <3
Can you do a ombré mermaid cake
Rosanna can you come to Chicago
Ro can you make a Tim Burton cake? It would make me so happy. Like if you agree
DO A HAPPY DEATH DAY CAKE FROM THE MOVIE
Am I the only that thinks that mark looks like that guy from degrassi
You should collab with Gordon Ramsay! Please!
Make a Halloween treats with your sister.
Do a blindfold gum challenge
I live you so much! I got your new baking line for my birthday and now I am going to be you for Halloween! Keep up the good work! 😊💖
PLZ OH PLZ MAKE A CAKE OR CUPCAKE WITH WENGIE PLZ DO I WILL BE WAITING !! WENGIE WENGIE!!
I hope ro didnt forget about the gingerbread house that she did with Justin hope they don’t foget
Rosanna you should do challenge videos again
can you make a hello kitty cake
Pls do a pancake challenge with markiplier. I love ur collaborations. Like if u agree.
It would be cool if you and Denis made kitty cookies
Firefly!
eyebrow cookies with liza koshy
I love lindsey!!
Please make polyjuice potion
To u too awesome!!!!
Hey
Guditama  theme something
Lol.
Make septiceye cupcake or cake pop eyes with JACKSEPTICEYE  \n\n\nPLZ\n\n\nLOVE YOU
PLEASE MAKE ROLLED ICE CREAM!
OMGSH LINDSEY AND ROSE IM DIEING 😵😵😵👏👏👏👏
Please do another blooper video
B
Make a gingerbread man cake
make a minecraft bed
Do slime vids plz
Please do something wolf themed
something Disney plz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey
How is cookie doing ?
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Do a colab with Ldshadowlady
Mark ur the greaworst at baking LOL
Please make something Hamilton themed!!!!!
Cinemasins do a video on The Pagemaster!!
please make one for Coraline
Now that you said it, you have to do Everything Wrong With Jackass
Sverything wrong with Avengers Infinity War:\n1. It's in 2018\n\nThats all.
Do everything wrong with needful things
Cinema sins on Tuesday can you do everything wrong with Caroline please
Everything Wrong with The Voices - Ryan Reynolds
Could you do a Everything Wrong with Transformers: The Last Knight?
You should make a sin with The Thinning even know it is on Youtube Red.
Everything Wrong With “IT”
Jeez, late 90's horror really recycled the same goddamn actors
Please do “Everything wrong with the Giver”
no sin for the heil hitler salute at 13:59
I was watching Charlie’s Angels the other day and never realized how bad it was. Please review.
I’m watching scream 3 as we speak and literally thought of so many sins and literally thought why haven’t I seen a cinema sins video for this?!
Can you do Asian Blockbuster Hits like Train To Busan?
Everything Wrong With My Little Pony: The Movie (2017)
9:26. So, THAT'S where they got those stupid masks from Pompeii! *ding*\n13:26. Ha ha! This soundtrack thinks it's Jaws. *ding*\n\nAlso, what happened to the Sin Counter 2.0? I loved it!
It's been so long. Probably doing emoji movie! PLEASE!
Scream netflix exclusive is good dont know if they have cut it off though
can you do transformers 5
Scream 3 and 4 would be great
for the love of God, please do drillbit taylor. it is so full of great sins.
Do movies 3 and 4 please!!!
Everything wrong with Wonder Woman
I hope that the  Sucky (2017)  'action' movie   is  not  The Mummy\n (2017)  ,   . .  .  \n\n\n\n\n\n    because , that movie , really , does Not  suck , at all .  (But , it might , actually be the next cinema sins video , though . )
Other than the many continuity errors and unrealistic things highlighted in this video that were wrong with the movie there are many more errors. e.g. overly lit, poor choices of music bad acting etc but either way even the smallest continuity errors are highlighted here so over all pretty good video.
everyone is complaining about how Cinema Sins tends to sin really good movies and that they tend to nit pick, but most people fail to notice that if a movie being sinned is really good, it will tend to have a LOT of sins compared to a bad movie. If you really enjoy a movie you tend to look deeper into it and analyze it more (so you're more likely to find the nit-picky details that really don't matter) \nIf the movie is bad you are more likely to just look at the movie and be done with it. Whenever CinemaSins gets REALLY nit-picky about something, it probably just means that they enjoyed the movie so much they needed to either come up with jokey sins or that they had the patience/attention-span to analyze the scene. It's one of those situations where it gets all backwards and stuff
How do you work the title out if the vidoe is 19 minutes 36 seconds long
Everything Wrong with Full Metal Jacket
We are watching the before death of the sin counter
2:06 - This is the absolute most believable part of the entire Scream franchise, as it is something that real life black people do in real life every goddamn time they go see a fucking movie!
In celebration of the release of It (2017), you should do the TV series from 1990!
What about the audience member trying to eat popcorn with his scream mask on in the beginning
everything wrong with the mountain between us pleaseee
Hey, have you ever seen the movie Anastasia (1997) version. You should do a video on that.
Can you do Transformers the Last Knight?
Can you please sin the original 101 Dalmatians?
You got the degree and Fahrenheit wrong on the Lego Batman.
You forgot the fact that they re-used Hanz Zimmer's score from Broken Arrow.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0X8oKr6Hso
I would love to see a cinema sins for the scooby-doo movie from 2002 (the live action one). That movie would get tons of sins.
Can you PLEASE do a Milan video
Do Wonder Woman!
CLERKS?
Do on G.I.Joe
Think mcfly think! cracked me, lol.
PLZ DO THE JEEPERS CREEPERS SERIES
Do Belko experiment motherfucker!!!!😂
Hell yea b0i n3w vide0
Jeepers creepers cinema sin
Do the emoji movie
EWW: Hacksaw Ridge
DO BABY DRIVER
Do Hocus Pocus!
do the boy
Everything wrong with Rurouni kenshin
IT When it comes out pls
can you do Spiderman: Homecoming?
DO ROGUE ONE
Do Scream 3 & 4
Do everything wrong with Whiplash
Do Orphan
Do IT 2017
Do It 2017
do spidey homecoming
Am I blind or do you havent done aladdin yet?
Everything wrong with jimmy neutron boy genius
PLEASE do everything wrong with the bee movie, do it for the memers
Everything wrong with L.I.F.E.. I actually laughed at how short of a time a certain huge actor lived. Great film, terrible ending.
do a final destination sin count
Request: EWW Ratatouille
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH MY LITTLE PONY THE MOVIE
Do the ninjago movie
Do IT (2017 Remake)
Everything wrong with As Above So Below?????
Everything wrong with IT 2017 make it now
Scream 2 Dec. 12 Titanic Dec. 19 you were right
The pulp fiction line was a nice touch.
Can you please do the Orphan?
3:48 is that Buffy from Buffy the vampire slayer wtf
Can you guys sin Scary Movie because that would hilarious.
Nutty Professor is the one I want to see
Do everything wrong with the lego ninjago movie
Long before Netflix and on there was VHS rentals. Also, EWW MLP Movie 1986 & 2017
Don't need a throwback
everything wrong with Logan Lucky good luck
maybe everything wrong with the lorax (2012) r everything wrong with it (1990)
Effect of someone else getting shot by the movement of water from high concentration to low concentration through a partially permeable membrane\nYeah that's how i feel other people's pain
Please a video on IT movie
Wreck It Ralph is one of my favorite Disney movies, could you guys do that one?
Can't wait for an *Everything Wrong With IT (2017) in however many minutes or less..* lmao
Please do Heathers 😬
Do hocus pocus
Do emoji movie now
Uh, yikes. Second sin is wayyyy off. 😂😂😂\n\nYou cant be racist to siblingfucking crackers lmaooo
@CinemaSins do game of thrones
everything wrong with donnie darko\n\nplease
Tbh I want CinemaSins to do The Princess Bride. Not because I hate the movie, but because I want to see him struggle to find any sin in it.
do Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
If he does Everything Wrong With Kingsman 2, I really hope the sentence goes like Cannibalism Cooked or some shit.
i had a belt like that once before and it broken and sliced my stomach open when i tried to get it off. it was too tight :(
How did he get plastic sponge Bob  character cards
Plumbers love those pressurized pipe blaster things. Best way to ensure your customers keep calling you back to fix their exploded pipes lol
I love his dog😂😂😍
I’m watching you, I know where you are, I know what you do hahahahaha!!!!!!!
I wear those belts to school
The clock fan took a while to work because your laptop was installing the drivers for it.
film na alus pisan gan...
Also there cute!
Oh yeah mr. Crabs
HEHE SPONGEBOB ITS A GIRAFFE
Hey im  drunk I been drinking brandy
Happy  emoji day 😀😁😂😃😄😅😆😉😊😋😎😍😘😗😙😚☺🙂☺🙂🤗😇🤔😐😑😶🙄😏😣😥😮🤐😯😴😪😫😌🤓😛😜😝🙁😒😓😔😕😖🙃😷🤒🤕🤑😲😞😟😤😢😭😦😧😨😩😬😰😱😳😵😡😠☻☹👿😈👹💀👻👽👾🤖💩😺😸😹😻😼😽🙀😾🙈🙉🙊👦👧👨👩👴👵👶👱👮👲👳👷👸💂🕵🎅👼👯💆💇👰🙍🙎🙅🙆💁🙋🙇🙌🙏🗣👤👥💃🕴👫👬👭💏💑👪💪👈👉☝👆🖕👇✌🖖🤘🖑🖐✊✋👊👌👍👎🖒🖓👋👏👐💅🖎✍👂👃👣👀👁👅👄💋💘❤💓💔💕💖💗💙💚💛💜💝💞💟❣💌💤💢💣💥💦💨💫💬🗨💭🕳👓🕶👔👕👖👗👘👙👚👛👜👝🛍🎒👞👟👠👡👢👑👒🎩🎓💄💍💎📿🔇🔈🔉🔊🕨🕩🕪📢📣📯🔔🕭🔕🎼🎵🎶♩🎙🎚🎛🎤🎧🎷🎸🎹🎺🎻📻📱📲☎☏📞📟📠🔋🔌💻🖥🖨⌨🖱🖲💽💾💿📀🎥🎬📽📺📷📸📹📼🔍🔎🔬🔭📡🕯💡🕎🔦🏮📔📕📖📗📘📙📚📓📒📃📜📄📰🗞📑🔖💰💴💵💶💷💸💳💹✉📧📨📩📤📥📦🗜📫📪📬📭📮🗳✏✒🖋🖊🖌🖍📝💼📁📂🗂📅📆🗒🗓📇📈📉📊📋📌📍📎🖇📏📐✂🗃🗄🗑🔒🔓🔏🔐🔑🗝🔨🛠🔧🔩⛏🔗💉💊🗡🔪🔫🛡🏹🗿🛢🔮⚗🐵🐒🐶🐕🐩🐺🐱🐈🦁🐯🐅🐆🐴🐎🦄🐮🐂🐃🐄🐷🐖🐗🐽🐏🐑🐐🐫🐫🐘🐭🐁🐀🐹🐰🐇🐿🐻🐨🐼🐾🦃🐔🐓🐣🐤🐥🐦🐧🕊🐸🐊🐢🐍🐲🐉🐳🐋🐬🐟🐠🐡🐙🐚🦀🐌🐛🐜🐝🐞🕷🕸🦂💐🌸💮🏵🌹🌺🌻🌼🌷⚘🌱🌲🌳🌴🌵🌾🌿☘🍀🍁🍂🍃🍇🍈🍉🍊🍋🍌🍍🍎🍏🍐🍑🍒🍓🍅🍆🌽🌶🍄🌰🍞🧀🍖🍗🍔🍟🍕🌭🌮🌯🍿🍲🍱🍘🍙🍚🍜🍛🍝🍠🍢🍣🍤🍥🍡🍦🍨🍧🍩🍪🎂🍰🍫🍬🍭🍮🍯🍼☕🍵🍶🍾🍷🍸🍹🍺🍻🍽🍴🍳🏺🌍🌎🌏🌐🗺🏔🗻🏕🏖🏜🏝⛱🏞🏟🏛🏗🏘🏙🏚🏠🏡⛪🕋🕌🏢🏣🏤🏥🏦🏧🏨🏩🏪🏫🏬🏭🏯🏰💒🕍🗼🗽🗾⛲⛺🌁🌃🌄🌅🌆🌇🌉⛼🌌🎠🎡🎢💈🎪🎭🖼🎨🎰🚂🚃🚄🚅🚆🚇🚈🚉🚊🚝🚞🚋🚌🚍🚎🚏🚐🚑🚒🚡🚟🚠🚓🚔🚕🚖🚗🚘🚙🚚🚛⛟🚜⛽🛣🛤🚨🚥🚦🚧⚓⛵🛳🛥⛴🚢✈🛩🛫🛬🚀💺🚁🛰🛎🚪🛌🛏🛋⚰🚿🛀🛁⌛⏳⌚⏰🕰⏱⏲🕛🕧🕐🕜🕑🕝🕒🕞🕓🕟🕔🕠🕕🕡🕖🕢🕗🕣🕘🕤🕙🕥🕚🕦🌑🌒🌓🌔🌕🌖🌗🌘🌙🌚🌛🌜🌡☀☉🌝🌞⭐🌟☄🌠⛆☇☈⛈☁⛅🌣🌤🌥🌦🌧🌨🌩🌪🌫🌬⛄⛇☃🌂☂☔❄💧🌊🔥🎃⚡🌀🌈🎄🎆🎇❇✨🎈🎉🎊🎋🎍🎎🎏🎐🎑🎀🎁🎖🎗🎞🎟🎫🏷⚽⚾🏀🏈🏉🎾🎱🎳⛳🏌🎣🎽🎿🏃🏂⛷🏄🏇🏊🏋⛹⛸🏎🏍🏅🏆🏏🏐🏑🏒🏓🏸🎯🎮🕹♠♥♦♣🃏🀄🎴🏁🏳🏴🚩🚶🚮🚰♿🚹🚺🚻🚼🚽🚾🛂🛃🛄🛅🚣🚤🚲🚴🚵🚸⛔🚬🚫🛇🚳🚭🚯🚱🚷⛌⛍⛐⛑⛒⛓⛕⛖⛗⛘⛙⛚⛛⛜⛝⛞⛠⛡⛶⚠☠☡☢☣⬆↗➡↘⬇↙⬅↖↕↔↩↪⤴⤵🔃🔄🔙🔚🔛🔜🔝ℹⓂ▫◾◽◼◻⬛⬜🔶🔷🔸🔹🔼🔽🔺🔻💠🔘🔲🔳⚬⚪⚫🔴🔵⭕♨📛🔰📵📳📴💯🔞🔱✅✔☐☑☒✖❌❎➕➖➗⁉❓❔❕❗〰➰➿⛿⚐⚑⛤⛥⛦⛧✡🛆🕀🕁🕂🕃🕄🕆🕇🕉⛀⛁⛂⛃⛉⛊☖☗⚆⚇⚈⚉♚♛♜♝♞♟♔♕♖♗♘♙☚☛☜☞☟♪♫♬♭♮♯⚊⚋⚌⚍⚎⚏☰☱☲☳☴☵☶☷♺♻♼♽♲♳♴♵♶♷♸♹🔀🔁🔂▶⏩⏭⏯◀⏪⏮⏫⏬⏸⏹⏺⏏⚛⚲⚿⛣⛨⛩⛫⛬⛭⛮☸⛯⚙⛰⛻☍⚒⚔⚖♰♱🛐✴✳🔯⛎♈♉♊♋♌♍♎♏♐♑♒♓⚳⚴⚵⚷⚶⚷⚸⚹⚺⚻⚼⛋⛢☊☋☌☿⚜⚝☽☾♃♄♅♆♇⚕⚚💲💱〽🔅🔆☬☭☮☯☼⚞⚟☫☤☥☦☧☨☩🎦🔠🔡🔢🔣🔤🅰🆎🅱🆑🆒🆓🆔🆕🆖🅾🆗🅿🆘🆙🆚🈁🈂🈷🈶🈯🉐🈹🈚🈲🉑🈸🈴🈳㊗㊙🈺🈵📶♀⚢♂⚣⚦♁⚤⚥⚧⚨⚩⚭⚮⚯☙⚀⚁⚂⚃⚄⚅🔟⛾♾happy  emoji day
His laptop is ASUS
What are you saying
He told Fun Mail Instead Of Fan Mail
That's more than enough for one use??? Are you kidding? That was like 30 squares!
Welcome back to Marlboro Toy
What happened to the soviet sign?
Put this one and boom !
You know the dog collars adjust, yes?
I was honestly more entertained by his dogs!!!
You are always on trending XD
Am I the only one who noticed how he has even more cuts on his hands it makes me so sad TT
you like to play video games.. those sponge bobs are from a coin pusher game!! nice
b o o m 💥💥\n\n\n\n*Read more*
his accent never fails to amuse me😂😂
This gadget is called boom gadget.
Taras please do a give away
So now you can clean your hands with those beautiful hand sanitizer and have some sandwiches while youre shitting
3 years of watching youtube and i still haven got use to skipping the ad
Hugo is adorable. So is the other 1
testing vietnam mre
好
Hanzentizer
Love the asus rog laptop is pretty OG
His accent is THICK
so wholesome uwu
I glad you said shave
Ra ra Rasputin
Until fcb cn
That stapless stapler is actually a mechanism invented in the very early 1900's
Sup
those belts aren't going to last very long.
So only buy the toiletries if you drive for more than EXACTLY 7 hours
I love your dogs
The dogs where so funny in this vid with the fan part to 😂😂😂😂
Did crazyrussianhacker hack the U.S. 2016 elections?? I mean think about it. he's Russian, and he's a crazy hacker..... Think about it.
I haven't seen these videos in ages just stumbled across it again 😀😀😀😀
All them tools and he still struggle to open packages
Boom
Gets hand sanatizer and opens it mmm spells like hand sanatizer audience clap
hello erybodie to malabatory safety is numbeh one pioty
Z
You can loosen the collars
Ello errbody welcome back to amahnama tooyl where safety is r numma one prrroarity.
Sweet paragon warlock knife
*FUN MAIL*
Potty parties 🎉😂
Where's the hammer and sickle? Its just star now. Союз советских!
1980
S
That was the kulakovest video in the world
Fan took a while to start coz of drivers being installed, I believe...
i wonder when somebody is going to replace the boom in charli xcxs Song with Taras' Boom
Did anybody notice that the SpongeBob cards are from Dave and busters well that’s where I saw them they could be from other arcade games LOL
If you want us to see those spinning things try recording at 24 frames a second
really you said potty pack again and again that you love potty and you touching your breast
Good
Sandvich
1.2 millan views... Wow! Amaayzin
Sandvich
Crazy Russian Hacker: Smells like hand sanatizer Me: LOL
cool ROG bruh
Gajiks
Crazy. I believe none day you can hit 11mill wish u good luck
Could someone tell me where to get the bike wheel light from
I have that kind of belt for more than 3 years
Which pocket knife is that
This guy is going to survive the world war 3
if i have sandwich or something to eat lol great example
I see Lil taras has been going to the arcades
His dogs make his videos 200x better
You’re so cool Taras! Nothing beats your videos
that’s the clip on tie of belts
all are nice and useful product
Thumbs up for Hugo!
I love clock fan
Look at orange bathroom thing
Fun mail
Neat Gadjicks
I like his acsent
The fans have such good mail to send you!
What is the brand of the USB clock fan?
I wish I had Fun Mail
Lúcio's Gun is actually a drain cleaner😂😂 (only overwatch fans could understand)
I want a belt like that
boom
welcome to malobolatoy
Английская речь + русский акцент, в итоге я ни черта не могу разобрать((
What brand/colour lipstick were you wearing the night of the show?
How did she get those sparkles on insta???
I'm still waiting for the summer collection to be released here in Spain....
Your outfits were gorgeous!!! Beautiful vlog. And i absolutely love your short hair. I hope you never change it. 💕
You look gorgeous.  This video is a dream day for me!  Thanks for sharing!
What was the brand name of the berry lip color you wore?
Tanya you're gorgeous!! 😍😍😍\n\nBtw my twin and I also post videos on our channel! It would mean the world if you helped check it out!! 😘
Such  a little cutie! x
Your make up range is so good! https://livsworld01.wordpress.com
Please,can somebody say what is the brand of that LED light?thanx
I'm glad you had a good time :) We love you in France !
The pastry shop! Hearing Whitney playing in the background at the store launch brought a huge smile to my face and then seeing WILL SMITH -- WOW! I can only imagine how much fun you and Kate had. Love all your clothes and you're looking so glowy these days, Tan. You were always beautiful, but life wears well on you, lady. Thanks for sharing all of this with us.
What's the name of that shop in Paris that carries glossier??
I went to Hotel Costes for dinner only once and had the exact same food haha, gotta love your French accent ;)\nHope you enjoyed your stay in my hometown!
That hot chocolate (I think it was in the little jug thing) looked so amazing :D
In England it’s like £20 to go to France on plane but like  £70 to go to Scotland. It’s madness. I hope brexit doesn’t change that 😭 obviously it depends what part you live like the price will change if your flying from Manchester or London etc
Tan you look amazing. Have you lost weight? Looking good!
What was your lipstick color when you went to the Louvre? It's stunning!
LOVE that berry lipstick 💄. Can you share the color?
Yes I'm sure I would love to go to Paris have my hair and makeup done by a professional and have a lovely outfit to wear and then go to Paris Fashion Week! Like seriously how do these people make money and who sponsors them!!!?
I loved the black dress look - very chic! 👌 Also obsessed with that purpley coloured lipstick - can I ask which one you're wearing? X
I was just wondering if that was Jaden and then Will came out!
that music tho at 16:30 🔥
Who makes the round sunglasses you brought??
#tanyaburr your vlogs are so fun always! As I was watching you on the way to the show I felt that your success is just about to soar higher than you ever imagined! You are an inspiration! 😘
Omg the Ubers in London are so mean. I was outside waiting for one and they already gave me a low rating. Even the thought of making them wait makes me anxious
I think the app at the end is ”Kirakira” for anyone wondering. ☺️ ✨
I would love another closet tour!! 💕
Does anyone know the name of the soundtrack????
does anyone know what app Tanya used to make her drink sparkle?
went to your pop up shop today and absolutely loved it! the video is up on my channel if anyone is i interested...so proud of you tann x
Your jumper with the stripes on the sleeves has a Gryffindor kind of vibe. Haha
It's an opera cake!! Love those !
OMG I WATCHED GYPSY TELL US WHAT U THINK ABOUT IT WHEN UR DONE
Does anyone what the sparkly app is?
Hi (sorry for my bad english)
you look very beautiful, there are like-minded?
Louis Vuitton have invited me to their show meanwhile I'm the only one in my year that doesn't get invited shopping or to parties 😂😂
I love your hair like that a lot, I'm tempted to cut mine short, but I would look like a mushroom
What’s the app called that made everything sparkly? Please x x
I've been watching you since you started, and I still can't get over how beautiful you are!
I powered through the Gypsy series but I'm telling you now, it's so bad. 10 episodes where nothing really happens with no closure to the storyline at all at the end. They're not even making a second series, so I'd stop while you're ahead if I were you haha!
may I know what's that *sparkly app* called…?
You are just so so beautifilul!!!!  And talented ❤ love ya
paris is so beautiful!! id like to go there someday... your 2nd LV look was absolutely gorgeus! id like to know... what is the sparkly app called?
What's her 💄 at 12.35??
Does anyone know where is her grey herringbone coat from??
am i the only person on earth who's been to paris and didn't like it ??
I so excited to come to the pop up today xx
I used to live in Paris so I LOVE seeing my old city on vlogs ☺️❤️ There's a new video on my channel guys, be sure to check it out ✌️🍂🍁❤️
makeup for the show was gorgeous x
If I had to choose one, just ONE, youtuber to watch, it would be you! Lovely mood, images...
What’s the app that made it sparkle ?
What colour do you have on your nails Tanya? It looks like the perfect light pink
this haircut looks amazing on you! You are beautiful <3
Where is her lipstick from?
Thank you Tanya for taking me back to the great places I visited two weeks ago.. 💜
I thought the lady was holding up a drain spout not a light😀
You must have had an unbelievable time ❤️ xo
This is the first time I’ve noticed how much you look like Kiera knightly! Gorgeous x
It seems like yesterday that I remember watching your Brigitte Bardot makeup tutorial when I was in the middle of high school. I love seeing how far you've come, Tanya and all of these amazing opportunities that you embrace. X
May I ask what brand those wire sunnies are you are wearing the morning after the opening after party? Please and thank you 😺
You’re trending!!!
You're so beautiful tanyaa
#LBW squad
Both outfits and make up/ hair looked stunning.
Please, can you tell me the style and brand of those sunglases you wore in 11:20? I'm obsessed! 😍
What Lipstick are you wearing in this video?
Would love to know the name of the lipstick that was worn with that black dress. Such a lovely colour.
I love love the length of your hair at the moment. It really suits your face!
Tanya did u cut ur hair?
Very good,very nice!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6PGqRZulBM
Jardin des tuilères loool so cute Tanya it's actually Tuileries
Pls reply back
cool !!http://intelligently-fashionable.blogspot.com
whats the app called?
Stunning tan once again love your vlogs xx
3rd TRENDING!!
Aww. Tanya you're so gorgeous!!! xx from Philippines
You look gorgeous!
Best youtuber ever!!!
I loved this!
Love these vlogs!
UPDATED SKINCARE ROUTINE PLS
The Louis Vuitton instillation looks amazinggg
great vlog xxx
You looked absolutely stunning!!! <3
HI ! COOL VIDEO !
4th on trending
Love ur short cut hair😍
Omg please recreate that second makeup look!
You look amazing in this gorgeous black dress!
WHERE IS THAT TRACK FROM DURING THE MONTAGE OF THE VIEW FROM THE TRAIN WINDOW!!!!
💜💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜
People will probably think I'm stupid for this but how did she get to Paris on the train
looks like your lips were taken from a black model...you are very beautifull.
Hi Tan! Loved the vlog, but I need some advice on how to control my really bad anger issues. I thought since you have anxiety then you could maybe give me a little bit of help on how to keep calm. Love you lots xx
Good
OMG!! What is the name of that shop that has all of GLOSSIER??\nI need to go there
so exited for the next season of brooklyn nine nine
how have i not heard of this show before >:|
man he is a real dude
Sean Evans,\nYour show is to the celebrity interview what Jackson Pollock was to painting. The minimalist reduction of the human drama through pain is genius. We all can relate to the pain, and the drama excels in your hands. (and your staffs)\nkeep painting please.
Wow and hes not even douchey at all lol amazing just those old spice commercials though...
He screams like he's getting a Mortal Kombat fatality
Such a cool down to earth dude .. I must admit, i was surprised and amazed with his beautiful soul .. I wish u all the best Terry ..
I had an old spice ad before this. Lol
Didn’t realize terry Cruze was actually white
You guys should get Logic to come on the show!!
Anything past 20k Scoville units is trash and a waste I ate a Carolina peper just for the sting and in my mouth and stomach
He is the kind of dad I want to be for my son one day.
What a great fuckn episode
who let the wings burn..
Terry is awesome! The man knows failure is not an option!
He asks some really thought out questions.
If you want to see simon pegg or nick frost on hot ones, UPVOTE!
I bet those aren't that hot
How do I get a Hot Ones sticker?????
He took that last bite like squidwards first bite of a Krabby patty 😂
Terry Crews won't 1v1 me in maplestory
Got a Terry Crews Old Spice commercial before the vieo. Today was a good day.
I need some of those hot sauces for my next party...
My BOI, you need Mike Tyson on this show.
This episode is the gold standard!
by far the best hot ones I've seen. He is so genuine and kind! Great dude
21:54 he's graping that knappkin like a beast lmfbo lol
Get outa here... I rocked with President Camacho. Can't say his whole long ass name, but I fucks with him.
I genuinely hate seeing Terry in pain. He is such a nice man.
You need to get skippy62able on here and see if he'll do some crazy shit
I got an old spice add with terry Cruz before this vid
I just got an Old Spice commercial starring Terry Crews before this. What are the odds?
I got an old spice ad
I'm gonna file charges for attempted murder on a national icon
Damn i can only drink Valentina, it aint spicy but it tastes damn good
get frank ocean on here
Anybody else get an Old Spice ad?
Quoting Ralph Waldo Emerson, burps included. The internet was made for this!!!!
This is quite possibly the best show ever.  Love it!
Terry is the man
Watches video with Terry gets an ad with Tarry
Hot Ones sold out. The show will never be as good now.
Man I love Terry Crews, such a nice, funny and humble man! Wish nothing but MORE success in your career!
awesome terry is a great guy
Terry Crews a man of substance and integrity. Love this guy!
*Clicks on the video and old spice commercial with Terry Crews comes on*
When can you have Chili Klaus on the show
Let's get Lil Dicky in the set please and thank you
He's my hero
Now those are some bloodshot eyes.
Igor a terry Cruz add before the terry Cruz video
Lol just watched an old spice ad with terry crews and now terry crews wtf
No joke got a old spice ad before the video
8:25 terry loves horse cause he got that 20 inch horse dick
Terry Crews seems like such a great guy on and off screen, we truly need more people like this man, loves life and loves his family
Tyler the creator needs to be next
Terry is seriously inspiring. One of the best episodes yet. Would love to see Drake or Dave Grohl on here.
His teeth are so clean.
I command you to eat this wing!
Why does Sean seem so cable tv-ey?
This might just be the fast-viewed video on Hot Ones, or even all of First We Feast. 5 million views in 4 days. And there's only four other videos on the channel that surpass that.
ID on that leather jacket?
careful who you fuck with in the past. they might be a big star in the future...
I love Terry's mighty roars
Terry is a really good role model and I agree with him do what you wanna do and never give up  in life bring down the haters and bring down the people that tell you can never do what you wanna do in future
😂 when he starts screaming... Love this guy!
Man, this makes me love Terry Crews even more. Such a likable and inspiring guy.
terry has the voice of god itself
I love how he is talking positive about everyone and everything. Godbless you terry you a good man!
Da da da da da da da...... and I need you da da da da da da da.... and I miss you
Such a genuinely kind and amazing guy, this man is a legend.
anybody else get a terry crews old spice ad before their video?
Humble dude
Lmao Migos on hot ones would be amazing
Do joe Rogan
Awesome!!!
rip butt hole!!
Terry is so wholesome 😍
$uicideBoy$ next!
WHATS UP BITCH lollll
Easily my favorite so far wow
LOL
2K+ heartless bastards up there, no sweat... Terry MOTHERFUCKING Crews people!
best EP yet!
I love Terry! 💙
Humble guy.
Lol the sound effect @ 7:51 ilmao..
18:47
fucking love terry crews!
Awwwwwww Yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhh
Rip doom fist ;^( /overwatch/
made this + idubbbz plz h3h3
Next person , ICE CUBE!!!
I LOVE HIMMM
Still salty about doomfist
Crews is so genuine, wow.
Like for Everybody Hates Chris!
Squiggy Lo\n#notmaguild #notmauniverse \nstay👀
trey parker and matt stone
such an amazing guy
You know you're absolutely right. Fuck them for being so selfish and wanting to look after their families. \n\nYour social agenda must be very fragile if you feel like you need to attack something like self preservation by blaming it on greed.
I grew up as a survivalist. We weren't prepping for future disaster, we were fighting to stay alive in real time in the real world.
Why should someone feel guilty if there rich?
gotta love good old new zealand imma proud kiwi <3
So he did need I surgery?
Why would you feel guilty for being rich? I mean you worked for it you earned it
Here i have been in nz wondering where i would go in an apocalyspe. I guess ill set up a tent in the backyard?
Whistle blows:\n1 = Where are you \n2 = Come to me \n3 = I need help\n\nI would love to have a stash of food.\n\n...but I also try to eat what I have to save money.
I just need a trench coat and a level 3 backpack
Boo hooo, The rich have bunkers and I have to fend for myself.  Guess what, you are not their responsibility.  It's their money and if they wanna spend it on a plan B in case things go south it's their prerogative.
Who gives a shit? They have the money for it.
Best way to prepare for the end? Repent, love God with all of your heart, soul, strength, and mind, love your neighbor as yourself (every living being is your neighbor), and treat others how you would like to be treated. This is what Jesus teaches. Pretty simple.
im not really worried about the end of the world scenario, but i have been thinking about preparing an emergency kit once i have been working for a year or two. \nwhile i say emergency kit, im basically talking about having a chest that contains a hiking bag, some long term survival tools (flint or lenses, strainer, survival knife etc.) a one man tent and food that stays good for a long time etc.\nbecause even if there might not be an apocalyptic event happening in our lifetime it is better to be prepared for catastrophes such as war or famine that will not happen rather than not being preparred if it actually do happen.
Why did trump come in this video at all. Lol.
The rich are so out of touch with how normal people live. The 'apocalypse' means a change in their way of life. That change being they're not leeching off the people any more
You guys are like a discount version of Superfruit\nMitch = Mitch\nGreg = Scott
The world isn't going to end, we are. The world will shake us off like a mild cold.
Making fun of trump is gonna get you raped by little kids in the comments...
Leave new Zealand alone man... that's like the last place where politics and stuff aren't disgusting...
The hosts self righteousness is so cringeworthy.
I love you guys❤ you helped me love science❤
What stops security turning the guns on the rich. Honestly 😂🤣😂 why would I protect you. For what?
All the signs In the Quran about the end are coming true too.
Fuck...these guys are just blatantly politically one sided now. You do realize that some of your viewers might be conservative, right? I was wondering why I was unsubscribed and now I remember. Stop alienating a whole chunk of your viewers and just get the channel back to how it used to be.
When society falls, pot farm. Everyone’s an instant friend. A friend with weed, is a friend indeed.
I've been hording the absolute essentials in case of civilization collapses , Toilet paper and WEED.
What if I can’t whistle
good job blaming everything on trump and people who are good with money.
God damn I wonder what political party you guys chose. Fucking losers
This is one of the most retarded channels in the youtube.I am hoping that the apocalypse arrives soon, so you won't survive beta cucks.
Im poor. Who wants to join me for a raider party.
These two are so stupid i swear
You can demonize anyone but I bet some Puerto Ricans wish they could have prepped.
Meanwhile both of the two in the video are millionaires who have more money than any of the viewers here, and have not given you any money or help.   Pure hypocrites with liberal agendas.
I remember in the 90's I used to get property for sale catalogues sent to me from ads in the back of magazines I was always trying to get people to chip in with me to buy old missile silos which were very cheap then , I knew there would be a great use for them one day , now I could sell them to Rich cunts for loads of money , and then also no where they all are for the end of the world to pillage with my band of mad max mutant people I'd have following me !
You really need to sit on your hands
The days when men were men and women were women, what happend!
This is so pretentious.
If you're rich buy a condo for the rest of us oh but them buying for themselves is wrong? Lazy assholes
Survival of the richest
What's wrong with Trump
This is the most *cringe* worthy video on the internet. Congrats :/
Isn't the most used language in new Zealand Dutch ?
So we're all just gonna ignore the fact that he's wearing a scouter in the thumbnail?
The being rich makes them guilty and insane..... fucking idiots
I just got a pocket knife under my pillow and a Pringles can in my drawer
Fuck these two guys, they’re assholes who hate people with money
I live in New Zealand 😆😆😆
That white guy is an embarrassment to men everywhere.
Christ is coming soon. No life hack would work. Believe in Jesus
The rest of us crumble.\n\nNo, just you.
Uh, I hate to be the one to awkwardly point this out, but your political bias is showing.
After the revolution comrades shall go to New Zealand to rid the world of what is left of the capitalist class.
Watch a video on my channel CJ Collins
Rapture my friends 💕 Our Lord is coming soon! God bless you all! 😄
You don't have to suffer the great wrath of God. Put your trust in Jesus and salvation is promised. I overdosed in 2013 and was brought into the glorious presence of God. Jesus Christ is the truth! God is Love and Light. I made a testimony video if anyone wants to watch. God bless you all in the name of the Lord, Jesus.
This is what we can do to survive Armageddon.\nhttps://www.jw.org/en/publications/magazines/watchtower-no6-2017-november/survive-armageddon/\nI guess it's getting closer as more of us are getting aware of this :o
Money is the least interesting form of wealth.
except that there are waaaaaaaay more poor people who prep for disasters than wealthy
The music is a bit loud / distracting
3:48 but.... I can't whistleblow..... guess I'm just gonna die then
Haha Trump bad! Right guys? Please give me likes and views because of my left wing opinions!
This type of prepping, with stockpiling and stuff will only last a certain amount of time. However, developing skills will keep you going indefinitely.
lol you can't escape A.I. no matter how rich (obv different story if you're the one somehow in control), the main reason for the fear is because of growing income inequality and the resulting frustration. The government favors corporations and rich individuals while neglecting the rest, making it an inevitability that some kind of uprising or political revolution will eventually occur unless something fundamentally changes. Unchecked greed . . . what a sad way for a great civilization to come to an end.
this is a trash vid
Just need a Vault.
This bunker company, is really getting me a vault tech vibe, like the bunker is going to do experiments...
Atlease now I know were suzan collins got her idea for district 13 from.
Your politics are showing
Why would they be guilty? Also why is Trump a factor in our crazy toward apocalypse world? Trump does not equal end of all life because he was elected. If I was part of the 1% I would not feel a single damn thing about the rest of you while I survive.
I don't need to prep. \nI'm just gonna go into the first disaster I see, and *die*
Why is Trump a reason for people to prepare for societal breakdown? I think liberals fucking everything up is good enough for me...
Re: the reddit guys eye surgery--as someone with such bad eyesight that I would be disabled w/o prescription eye wear,  it totally makes sense to think about being able to see during a disaster. I've definitely thought of it, and I'm just a regular person. I'd be dead super fast if my glasses broke or couldn't be replaced in a disaster. Surving as a blind person is probably next to impossible in the wild. Just playing devil's advocate on that one...
With Trump, natural disasters, North Korea... Jesus Christ, I don't even like the guy but the number of people finding every excuse to put him on the same list as a fucking hurricane is pathetic.
IMHO these guys are overly flamboyant, a real turn off.
LMAO fantastic garbage video from guys who oddly made a survival topic video have weird political undertones. This was incredibly hard to watch. Maybe you guys so stick to topics you actually know about lol.
if I were rich I would give my money way to all of you liberal cry babies so you can stop crying about he's not my president or I need other people to do this for me and I need more rights because this or that happened to people I don't even know hundreds of years ago so SHUT THE F UP
obumer is the one who well help bring do America. obumer is not only a LYING TRAITOR PIG, but he's also a minion of the Antichrist. Lol, which is probably why he's a LYING TRAITOR. EVIL PIG!!!
MORE EVIL DRUMPF !!!
You guys suck
Stop chatting shit geeky fooks
Nuclear weapons are a hoax dipshit
Now im getting paranoid...should we prep too?
This video is very anti trump
Bugmen, smug now; dead later.
Why are they bashing trump?
Commie alert
Bum boys yuk . Spot the aids victims 🤣
Where's Fetta
We're gonna get purged.
Did you say Silicone Valley?
Fallout
Was that a dragon ball z scouter lmo
😀
Also, a scouter? Really?
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
Dude with the glasses wouldent survive
Keep Jesus close. God bless Trump
You guys are obnoxious af
I guess they're also getting scouters to determine power levels of zombies or something XD
I understand that a mil is alot and will help buckets. However, it's fuck all to these guys I mean big bang theory alone the 3 big hitters make that for 1 episode... So acting like it's some insane gesture almost to get more views (posting it on YouTube and making a big song and dance about it) is just bullshit to me. I came here because I thought there would be humour which there was little. And I would expect that figure to be much higher with the kind of money these people are on...
9:15 Aaron Burr said he takes and he takes and he takes. Guess he was wrong
9:53 WOAH THERE LIN\n\n\n*D A B*
Epic
Ooh Lin u so sneaky!!
666,000
Thank you Stephen and all those who donated for helping PR out.😏🙏
I mean i don't wanna be that guy but its not that much if you think about it who participated. 1 million Dollar is something about 0,30 $ per Person. Its nice sure and its better than nothing. But its a super cheap image campaign they would pay way more to improve there image. Look at prices for ads -- not even super-bowl. Yeah i did nothing an write about it but i'm a student in the EU and i can't do much. Even for the celebs who send their pictures its an super cheap image campaign.\nAnyway I think its a cheap move. sorry if i hurt anyones feelings, its just an french guys opinion. Oh and english is not my mother tongue.
Steven, thank you. Thank you from Puerto Rico. Means a lot. THANK YOU!
Lin comes in at 6:57 <3
i miss the bun
LOVE YOU STEPHEN AND LOVE MY ISLAND!!
Thank you so much 😊
i mean i cant be the only one where the 666,000 and then you got the cbs logo in the background
“I just came back from Puerto RICCCOOO YESTERDAY. and I’m bored.”
What's the name of the song at the end
Thank Lin-Manuel Miranda, your a genius! Thank you for what you are doing and yes I've donated. For all the hurricanes. Especially for PR where I have family as well. Thank you for Hamilton as well.🙏🏽💎💎💎💎
I hate these type of shows
It's a shame we don't have another puberty photo- \nLin: MY PEOPLE NEED ME
no Stephen, it just makes your BRAIN stop growing at 15. and backtrack a few years.
Teen Lin-Manuel looks like teen Adam Goldberg
As a Puertorican right now in the island, I thank you\n\nHowever, PLEASE give this money to local charities or community organizations!!! DO NOT give it to the government!!! \n\nA great idea is to choose and adopt  an affected city or county! Specially if is among the mountain regions. \n\nGovernment is not doing a good job distributing the help fairly. \n\nOnce again, thank you!
Almost like praying is so amazing!
lin is a precious sugar cookie
Yeah 1 Mio is nice, but nothing compared to a golf trophy! ...
I love Lin!!! I'm from Puerto Rico!!! It's been hard....thank you all for the donations!
This restored my faith in humanity
I actually cried. I LOVE LIN MANUEL MIRANDA WAY TOO MUCH, WE DONT DESERVE HIM 😭😭😭❤️
Ben platts awkward photo at the end is just icing on the cake👌👌👌
We love you Lin!
Lin’s face at 9:03
“he gives and he gives” burr would said that he takes instead
You don't happen to  have an awkward puberty photo do you?\nI don't...I'm afraid I looked really Good...BUT I do have an awkward puberty VIDEO!!!  This guy though.
Why am I only now noticing how hot Manuel is?
These numbers had me on a superstitious roller coaster man
An Ice cream never gives up ... until it has completely melted! ;)
All the confetti etc is treating fundraising for disaster relief like winning a gameshow. Puerto Rico isn't winning a game show. This is just like when Trump threw the paper towels and stuff into the crowd.
24-30fps for like 13 seconds is a lot of money
Thank you, as a Puertorriqen who still is trying to hear from my family.  God bless everyone who helps my beautiful island brothers and sisters. I pray my relatives are safe and healthy.
I started crying out of happiness. I have so much family in Puerto Rico. Thank you
omg, been watching colbert for years.... noticed his right ear jutting out like that for first time! hahaha love him!
Nice use of The Muffs Kids in America cover
Americans love to congratulate themselves don't they lmao
this story will be one that is told for years to come.. of how a late night tv show host did more to help a horrific tragedy then our own president .. this was an amazing thing to see
Jon Batiste's voice is the most annoying susbtance known to man.
Ending it with a puber video of puerto rico is too perfect. This must have been thought out all at once. Wven the numbers synched up perfectly. They knew the end game from the begining.
Is it just me or is there something other-worldly awesome about Lin Manuel Miranda?
How about a photo of Donald Trump?
Lin’s video was basically the plot of in the heights
Gracias! You are a blessing!
Wow Lin looks like he regretted that
Director Ron Howard wanted to participate but couldn't find any pics of himself as a child or teenager.
That's a lot of couch change
Who knew ice cream paid so well? or is this maybe more of a direct donation than that? in any case, awesome, and good on CBS for stepping up, too!
Lin just walking in like a lost tourist
Perfect he had a puberme video of Puerto Rico!
A million dollars and you didn't even get them a trophy? Sad.......
lin has done more than trump
Lin-Manuel Miranda is a gosh-darn world treasure.
can i join i'm still going through puberty though
This warms my heart and brings tears to my eyes. Im in Puerto Rico and I love Stephen Colbert, Lin Manuel, Nick Kroll, The Americone Foundation!! It means everything! GRACIAS!!
Gracias
Lin continues to embody generosity.
HAMILTON!!!!!! LIN!!!!!!!
Colbert is a complete cunt.
Damn right, DAMN RIGHT!!
Bless you Stephen, Knoll, and CBS.
LIN!
AWESOME, LOVE YOU LIN MANUEL MIRANDA DIOS TE BENDIGA Y FAMILIA !!!
He looks like Evil Abed
aww! cute
GREAT JOB^1000000
LIN CUT HIS HAIR OMG NO
Oh my God 😂❤
Much respect! 💨🌊🌧 relief.
HI BABY
LOVEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! #PuertoRicoRelief!
😍 thanks everyone! Puerto Rico really needs help! Thx for bringing this together @stephenathome
Amazing gave me tears of joy. 😂
This is both amazing and sad. Amazing the generous spirit of all these people. Sad how they're doing more then the AMerican government
The 118 people who disliked this video are cunts
Lin Manuel us a genius; creative, insightful, talented, charismatic, etc. Trump supporters must hate him.
thank you so much for the support for my people in the Island PUERTO RICO!!! THANK YOU STEPHEN AND NICK THATS SO AWSOME!!
I want to apologize to the beautiful people in Puerto Rico for throwing paper towels. Ive been a bad Hombre.
This is so great
Stephen is helping more than Trump❤️
that is awesome. the things a unified people can do! God bless America!!!
Someone should put this video in the Trump MAGA Facebook account.  It will blow their racist minds!!!!
Lin Manuel is so good looking??
I CAME AS SOON AS I HEARD
Why is this not trending?
Lin Manuel Always looks like a 13 year old
That was painful to watch. Love you Lin 😙😙
But wouldn't the proceeds from Lin Manuel's photo have also been doubled, making it 1,001,000 dollars donated?
YASSSS
Thank you Stephen Colbert.
HOW WAS JOHN OLIVERS PHOTO NOT SHOWN ONCE?!?!
RIGGED
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*Jesus Christ said only believe, that He is the Son of God.*\n*He will give you the free gift of eternal life*\n*He will also heal your body!*
Lin Manuel actually thinks he's going to be a famous actor or rapper lol he made a huge mistake by leaving Hamilton
Go Airsofting or Paintballing xD
You should go see blade runner 2049 😂😂😂
Tom what happened to gaming
You should keep both shopes and tern the other one in to a retal shop
kinda looks like nadeshots 100 theives clothing line..
Tom MC: ‘That’s good fun that’ *straightest face in the world*
I think that you guys need to do the rock climbing for your next couples date. Trust fall in all
Should take them to Daytona Go Karting place in Manchester, so much fun!
Whats tom macallens job?
How about a 2v2 bowling duel?
Where is the Japanese candy video?
Hi Tom. Love your vids. I’m just wondering where you ordered the Johnnie Walker bottle from. Hope you can help. Thanks.
Used to love his lonely island. Too easy to just go on your life and make bank off it I guess. Still an artist though ha
You should go Farmageddon for Halloween!
Tom NEVER say Onee-Chan again\n(i will find you)
I had a test in Latin class yesterday and the teacher had a bonus questions where he wrote the title of a movie in Latin and we had to translate it and he put blade runner. And once I translated the numbers I knew it because of toms vlogs. And I was the only one to get it right.
goes to Japan once😂
BMW = Black Men Ware
Tonight Alive in the background 👌
Trafford centre oi oi
They've got one in Derby, where I'm from. It's not a very crazy course to be fair.
This video is on trending!!!
Aids
GAYBAR!!
mot/tom you could go Nottingham
whens the t-shirt available
Wtf this videos trending lol
siehe: Dieter Irber -song PLANET LYDIA!!!!!
You should do lasertag
I remember tom saying to my dad ur better of being a Manc
Australia
1337 is a hacker group 😂
Is that star city in Birmingham?
omg Lydia's face when she got the free game! Cutest thing ever! :)
I go to that golf place every 2 weeks (exact same one at Trafford Centre)
acid tastes like nothing just paper ;) love the vlogs with you and your woman having great times making memories
Go to bridlington and join me in the land of crappy wifi!
Yes it’s trending because Tom is the man. The kittens are almost as gorgeous as Tom.
Can someone please tell me what monitors Tom is using?
Just sayin, be careful with the collars. One of my cats *loves* having it, she really does enjoy it, with the bell and everything.  My other cat... well... got himself to bleed trying to take it off and had to quickly pay a visit to the vet...
My last name sounds like leete XD cos its me I'm elite
His mums a victim
Yes Tom, 13 trending in UK
12. On trending in ireland
Toot toot mutherfuckers
Picnic! + flying kites! 😂 lmao
awesome vlog today!!!
Tom are you a united fan!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
NINJA WARRIOR, Tom, It's like 5 mins from trafford, they do amazing food too!!
Yo I went to that golf course and got the ball in the middle at the end\nYou get a gold coin
Tom got to the manchester chil factor or indoor sky diving:) its really cool and not too expensive either
Airsofting in salford :D  Amazing place funny put hurts lil bit youll all enjoy it
The year is 2030: Tom (other tom) is still wearing vans
Ayyyyyy Trafford centre. Was literally there last week
whats happening on the 5th of october tom xx
new slogan- screw it  just do it
Fook me he'll be even closer to the grapes!! Tom's taking over Gee Cross, he's nicking the name off his dad!!
Blade runner is already been out for 3 days in NZ
the new shirt in white looks clean.
Carful Tom my dad had an hernia operation and it took like 5 weeks to tecover
I went bowling today and I did the best in my life my highest score was 132
How tight can Tom MC get his pants? ha
Damn , your'e trending
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuududu
Thank God you are not censoring the curse words.
Yo-Yo-Yo if ya mum Doesnt like the laptop send it to ya boy we'll play some pubg together know what I'm saying 😂👌👌
Tom's new japanese shirt says shindiketo
1337 upside-down is leet. L=7 E=3 T=1
Omfg it's the Trafford centre in Manchester!!! My fave place
I don't know how you still dare to upload after the shit you pulled. I'm annoyed everyone has just forgotten.
This slimy manipulator still gets views? Lol morons.
I haven't watch toms vlogs in ages is that his gf?
Since when he married
Tgi fridays where the queue is long and waiting for your server takes even longer.
Is he married or is this Clickbait?
I have got to say tom seems to be gaining a bit of weight
Guess what is October 5th Tom?!?!?!?
Every Vlog from now on I am going to write this <3 Day 189!
Go to Glasgow
HES MARRED WTF SINCE WHEN
Hey syndicate/Tom can u add me on snap chat I have sent u a request my snap chat name is \nJosh12850 please
OMG he lives near me or that's near me
I have played both 18 course holes at the Trafford centre and it is not hard you are all bad at golf
Bowling!
Kate
Manchester City going win the league 💪😎💙💙💙💙💙💙
mateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee u look like focking ryan gosling mate at 9mins
she got the free game because she rubbed the face thats so crazy
I’m going to the Trafford centre tomorrow, wish I was there when you were there!
Tom was getting head in the outro
So basically you make a big deal over the word elite
Tom m has girls feet lol
the new shirt as a hoodie would look dope
Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud Du dudududududududu dudududududuudud dudududuududuudud dududuududud dududuudud
e is the 4th letter of the alphabetsmeeeert
I got a collar for my cat but last night he got attacked my another cat and when he came back with no collar and a scratch on his nose
A new game you might want to try Warframe 100% reccomend it
Every shirt/ T-shirt has been insane but no disrespect to the designers whether it's u alice or your mom but the design is absolutely terrible😂
No joke, havent watched a vlog since Christmas, glad. Very glad. These are so fucking cringy and terrible now XD
where are you from? You sound like you're from Derby!?
I hope Brexit will fix multiculturalism in shitholes like Tottenham. It's obviously irreversible, removing British born Africans and Middle Easterners, but here's me hoping it will be a bit better.
no video here just an advert
Get may out ruining the country
Getting people into work faster and staying in work longer.😂more like destroying life's.
Love the hair it's so Trumpy!
She said something and noone laughed so she said it again
She is a fearful hypocrite, no matter she pretends to say. Gray hair and cracked voice of some old witch from forest suits her perfect.
Amazing the guy got that close to the PM, he'd have been shot in the US.
Id go gay for that guy! No homo.
Does it get any worse ....
She wants to give him a p45 because she can't handle the competition?
What a farce, that was a Tory setup. Your telling me the dam security never knew he was coming on? Seriously even the camera crews knew where he was sitting they zoomed in on him at the start of her speech, just waiting for his staged stunt.
She should have kicked him to bed what a weird looking idiot and why no security well done pm for carrying on regardless
We need her out
I take it everyone knows the prankster was the comedian lee Nelson?
Look at those fat slobs thumping themselves on the back... P45 is the first form they should have received
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
He is not a prankster it's called the comedian
I just want to see how many people hate her and want her out. If it’s labour or green or even Lib Dem hit like to get her out. She isn’t for the people, she isn’t for the poor or middle class, she doesn’t care about anyone other than companies giving her money. HIT LIKE IF YOU WANT HER OUT WE NEED HER OUT!!
Just to clear who he was. He was lee nelson. Not his real name but now u kno who i mean
She doesn't have any respect to people
Why does this crone always blabber on about corbyn, are there any solid beneficial ideas to be implemented for the people or is it just this childish pissing match. It's always some inept moron at the head of a witless cabinet plunging us into one disaster after another, no real progress is made from politics.
Lee nelson always up to something he’s the one who threw money over Seb platter funny guy
You can hear Brexit in the background
What an old Hag can’t  wait till she leaves
This, and other trivial things, seems to be so much more important than what the PM had to say.  NOT!
Honestly cheers to that guy
We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn ['s past] *proceeds to talk about Jeremy Corbyn further.
It’s lee nelson man you blind
Does anyone know who the prankster is, I do I just forgot his name :/
that was such a dead prank
The guards probably let him get close in hopes that he would hopefully assassinate her lmao😂
Lol what a bunch of scrubs if that was white house that nerd woulda lost his teeth 10 feet in lol
OH MY GOD ALL SHE TALKS ABOUT IS JEREMY CORBIN. WHAT KIND OF POLITICS IS THIS??? SO RUBBISH
If she said something like you’re a btech sacha baron cohen his career could have been ended but she wasn’t on the ball.
Well done Simon Brodkin aka Lee Nelson the brilliant comedian does it again superb 👏👏👏👏😂😂😂😂
We all know Amber Rudd is smirking in the audience
I hate this woman
Somebody give a knighthood to that man!!!!!!!!!
Is it Lee Nelson?
Joke politicians for an even bigger joke of a nation. Merkal herself probably could run that place better than your so called Parliament.
Was that Lee Nelson again?
No copyright music for your channel, enjoy))
And  you my dear have just been served
I feel sorry for may whoever we have as prime minister is still going to be ruled by America
All she needs now is the stab in the back and the show is over.
How about you shut up about Corbyn and get on with your job and talk about your policies and plans. Or is she just going to keep complaining like a child
Saying Jeremy Corbyn should be given a P45 and when you struck a deal with a racist party to stay in power 😐
Who's ready for the UK Riots next year?
Am I the only one who recognises this dude as Lee Nelson?!
Love that theresa may would love her to touch my clit
Please take your P45 and leave Mrs May. You madam are a disaster waiting to happen and Corbin isn't any better.
She's like a broken record. Plus you have all those seals clapping at anything that comes out her mouth.
*build a country that works for rich people
I thought she tried to give Jeremy Corbyn a P45 and that's the reason her party wants to give a P45 to her.
Is it me or he looks WAY TO MUCH LIKE MATTSHEA O
Lee nelson lol what a guy
A great insight into how choreographed these conference speeches are - note that after she said We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn's past the audience was supposed to applaud but missed the cue because everyone was distracted by the intruder, so she said you probably didn't hear it and read the line again - this time they get it right.
Another classic stunt by lee nelson cant wait to how he prepared for this 1 🤣😂🤣😂
Looks like Stephen Hawking in his prime
Lucky she was in the U.K. in America it would have been a gun.
Who is this bird again?
Well past her sell by date...
I think half of them shouting OUT directed that towards Theresa May.
Bye Bye Tories.
Thought we’d got rid of all the witches after maggie thatcher, but I guess not🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
yerno it would be a different story if it was a terrorist or criminal
Somone give that man a promotion and a raise!
where's the secret service when you need them. Double tap to the head is all it takes
JEJEJEREMY COBYN!! Go llabour
Lee Nelson ain't funny anymore.
Simon back again
I LOVE THAT PRANKSTER HAHAHAHAH
Blah blah blah
Foreign Poricy...
Simon brodkin?
ok
Lee Nelson qualityyy
What an idiot
Lol
Well in mate
Simon Brodkin i love you
Go on Simon brodkin
Genius.
Lol '-)
That was hilarious.
Qualiteeeeeeeeeee\n-lee nelson
Ayyyyy Simon Brodkin ;)
OMG that's Lee Nelson.
Simon brodkin
She has nightmares about corbyn
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
bankers puppet with the lowest wit
AHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHHHAHHA
LEE NELSON WAYYYYY
Simon brodkin
Qwaliteeeeeeeee
Okay im 14, no idea whats going on. Can someone care to explain?
Admit it, all of you thought in the title it said Ps5.....
The media was all for her and the conservatives now the are all for Corbin. Bunch of jokers the media
His laugh do
this falts laught
A new invention pls
nothing is useful in your inventions...waste of time...greedy inventions..
Thats not street legal is it?
takumi could have done better driving
2:01 Guy's like, what in the bloody hell?! and picks up his child for safety. LOL
1:11 Is the steering wheel gonna get damp? Oh my god so cute
Dreams are crazier than ever\nAwesome thanks for making them reality
Why not cover the whole thing and fill it up and submerge yourself and leave a breathing tube and have googles and drove it on the street and get reactions from people 😂😂😭
Usually love your videos, but just a few thoughts on this one.  You're driving a car with dodgy suspension, dodgy brakes and no seatbelt on a public road, initially full of water.  Not exactly legal or safe is it?  Might not have been so funny if you'd hit something/someone would it?
His laugh is the best
You should put a wall curved towards the seats so that when you are cooking and someone is driving, the water would be pushed and directed around the grill.
His neighbors must love him
New rule.  Video's with British cars have to have to be flipped horizontally from now on.
Hey colin, try to make a jetpack, that's in a back pack!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLike so he can see
What would the clutch be like on that how did that feel and the steering?
Make a house out of a bus
Make a supmarine
Lonsdale Road
Do a motor trolley
I love it! 👍
UBER POOL
Make a shopping cart go cart pls
Needs some flex tape
Maniac.\n\nAwesome too
Why does youtube unsub me from my favourite youtubers, like tf youtube
I am still laughing
Mid life crisis
colin wirhout his normal shirt :o 2:58
Hello Colin Farts! (Only Germans will understand lol)
https://www.facebook.com/groups/236338130229624
Lol that blurred  street sign, Lonsdale Road
His laugh omg😂😂
That annoying fake laugh though
Why?
I dont know what the fuss is about with the new red show. kids or not its still cool AF
You should make a trans former
Hi my neme is aleksey, i'm from Russia.
Can you put your Red series in a different feed? It's fucking annoying to fuck with my feed.
this guy cracks me up
All along I thought this was an E30 318i Manual, but now I know this is a 325i Manual and it hurts.\n\nUpdate: I see you have addressed what was hurting me. Great E30 sport by the way!
Make a jet powered go kart
BMW’s better when wet
Great watch as ever Colin. Keep up the good work!
Well... I'm amused.  Love those Brits!
hey colin are you from notts
Your not quitting the channel are you? Im a big fan of your big projects
Colin is the definition of That's too stupid to work, LET'S DO IT
Who is this man with you in the car?
I think I see the problem. They put the driver's seat on the wrong side of the car.
Would you need a different license to drive that car when full because of its weight?
ill re sub when you pull off the youtube red crap
Being his neighbour must be really weird :D
You can walk on the water?
*Other Videos* :\n 1 Million likes,\n100k comments.\n\n*Colinfruz's video* :\n1 Million likes\n2 k comments.\n\nPeople are probably getting inspired and working their ass off tbh
will it float if you put a boat motor in it
Are you still a plumber because I need my central heating looking at.
How much are you asking for? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Look kids there goes that nutty man that lives next door.
Colin does it float. That's the real question
1 hour 30mins to fill .. call the fire brigade and they'll fill it in 20secs with their hose, just light a small fire in the back and ring them up, once the fires out just ask them to keep filling her up
I can't get over how much fun Colin seems to be having in this video, it's infectious.
Who ever pixelated the video...
Just the thing if you are running late for work,  jump in the car and wash at the same time, keeping clean clothes at work ready to change into 👍
Piss in the water
Loved this perspective Colin! All Time Legendary YouTuber here!!
I'd jack my cock in that car and let the jizz float to the top.  Then a guy could skim it off the water and feed it to some niggers or Muslims lol
He has that mad scientist laugh lmao
Is... Is the steering wheel gonna get damp? \nThat made me smile so much hearing the little guy say that! Not sure why hahaha
What practical use does this have lol
I kid you not Colin, I found this particular video absolutely fucking hilarious and if I so happened to be in your neighbourhood, I'd shake your hand sir!
thank You for making and sharing this video. Great job!
How much you wanna bet that one guy peed
Make a giant security system
Imagine a car like that but with the rest of the body still intact. None of the water would spill out! Although getting in and out might be a problem without a hole in the roof or something...
This guy is like the A-Team or MacGyver , lock him in a garage with a hammer & 2 hours later he'll come out in the Iron Man suit.
This guy is Einstein
1:53 : Colin, I think this is the EXACT opposite of a boat...
what was that blur for in 2:12
Does he still have the Underground bunker?
Unsubscribing until youtube stops putting your red videos in my stream.
Your supposed to keep water outside the boat not inside btw i kinda want to see you make it float on water
That's illegal you should have your driver's license revoked.
Make a tv oven
I've never laugh some much in my life good video
I love your videos because they inspire me
If you were in Brazil you would be cursed by waste of water
So this dipshit is charging for you to watch the most of his youtube videos now. Wow. Unsubscribed.
You're fake laughing is really pissing me off
You can tell that someone is very passionate about their project when there's a behind the scenes video for the behind the scenes video.
should have put the windows up
Can yo please take this to one of those flash restaurants or hotels were an usher will park you car for you. just give them your keys and sit back and laugh. This would be awesome to watch.
THIS is wtf I wanna do when I grow up!!!😂😂
For a future video I thought it would be really cool to convert the bmw into like a boat. Because it is already watertight you could leave it empty of water and raise the intake and exhaust above the top of the car and then you can drive it into a lake.
You won't see this in a proper video
Colin you should have a car which drops lighter fluid and then sparks it so it’s like ghost rider 👻 🚗 🔥
so the water from the vents was FAKED \noooh, BOO HISS BOO  mr furze you naughty man\nbut I can forgive as you are utterly bonkers brilliant :)
WHERE IS YT RED EPISODE
Hey~ Korean! Put your hands up!
damn she had a glow up between 9th and 10th grade
you look like a young mariah carey in that first pic
she looks like young emma watson
😂 I lost it when she had on the wig
Wow I recognize you in 10th grade but not at all in 9th
I'm dying because turn the skirt red and it is exactly what I wore to prom. Haha.
I like the sophomore homecoming ensemble
I’m 99.9% sure that the mom from Schitts Creek wears a dress in that type of clothing
This was great. Also, Colleen, please participate.
I was very drunk I'm Nashville when I watched this. You're welcome, just trying to keep you on brand!🍾🍷🍸🍹🍺
Call it the Throw Back Closet Tag - then they have more to work with for past looks.
How come it's been 6 months since you've gotten 1 million views on a video that wasn't about Jake Paul? You have 3 mil subs tho?...
'And Halloween is the same thing. So I thought it'd be fun to merge the two.'    Flawless logic. I hope someone will combine water and h2o.
If you can, please help me get my car back.https://www.gofundme.com/in-desparate-need-of-car I only have two weeks and I'm desperate. Please.
she went to my highschool
We’ve been graced many, many times
i can’t wait to be Grace From 10th grade Homecoming for Halloween
I thought homecoming was another word for prom.
@gracehelbig \nCan we get some fucken merch going here soon?? I NEED it. Maybe some holy trinity merch?? Come on smellbig, you got it in you. Bring...it....back!
okay but it's Jo-Ann Fabrics, no S on the Jo-Ann.
OMG JOANNS I WORK THERE.\n\n(Sorry I get excited when people mention my employer. Lol)
i don't know what is the difference about before and after!
I love how “hannahmamrie” is one word
Hey girl. Just wanted to let you know that Jesus LOVES you. We never know if today will be our last day, so we need to make sure we're going to heaven. Love from Mexico!
Man do I miss some things of HS \n\nand then remember there are things about HS I can't stand lol
Who else is in 10th grade and homecoming is soon
I'm in school right now for fashion design and this both made me mildly cringe and laugh so hard at the same time :D
I actually really like when Grace makes stuff...
I love that she calls 9th grade Grace a stick bug 😂😂😂 bc like 9th grade me was also a bug. Not sure what kind though. Probably a pillbug.
I caught that lol indeed you are getting there lol
Is it even a Grace Helbig DIY video if there isn't a hot glue gun (and a continuous stream of 'ow's) involved?! :D
I can't believe how adorable baby grace was
You're a pretty :s
What haircut is her hair?
“How many fingers is it holding up” 😂
hOMECOMING IS TONIGHT IM WATCHING GRACE WHILE I STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR
I didn't know she was from south jersey. Shout out my homie
I never had homecoming or prom so I never went through that torture. Also there weren't any cute guys at my school, like none, so that helped. Plus my school was small so not a lot of people.
SIGN UP --> ENTER CODES --> GET PAYED!!\nI made $150 just last night XD\nTrying to get referrals! Help me help you! Thank You!\nhttp://pepiredrsa.win/3522403659458/
You should do a ‘will it halloween’ series and try and turn things into halloween costumes x
Love the cute pics of 'Young Grace'!
my last name is Helbig maybe we’re related 😂😂
That dress in 9th grade looks great!  You need to get a real sewing machine and do a video making a real dress from scratch!  That would be amazing, clearly you have mad sewing skills!!!
Lol is Brooks talking about Iowa? And I actually really like your original sophomore year look
I love your hair Grace 😍
I'm kidding i'm kidding, i'm kidding ...my social life in 3 sentences
Grace you are beautiful. But I'm sure you knew that. If you did not know now you know, you're life isn't different now.
This WHOLE VIDEO screams JEEEEERSEY IN THE HOOOOUSE!!!
OK, I think its cute. You are too young for me to date, so can I adopt you?
My school’s homecoming is super casual
Grace - I thought your high school photos were cute.  I have more respect for you knowing you made your own dress.
I have my junior year homecoming tonight!
I feel so honoured. Grace Helbig gave me the rude finger.
THIS IS CONTENT I DON'T WANT TO MISS!!!! thank you grace 😘❤️
Loved it! TBH I could watch Grace do pretty much anything and it'd be the best :)
So, finally I got to learn what Homecoming actually is. As a European who is sort of familiar with various American conventions I heard the term. And I knew the Monkees song :D But that was about it. So educational value: check!
Just looking at that black fabric made me sneeze.
I love when you make Jersey videos!  They make me understood and less alone in my small south Jersey home!
That background is killing me lmao why dont u film at ur office now that mr kate fixed the shit out of it?
I would love to see you collab with Tom Lenk - together your fashion recreations would be unstoppable!! 🙏💃💅
You look so different now! I love that you can sew things.
Ninth grade Grace is an awkward angel. She could only grow up to be you.
Watching before 200k Views!!!!!!
Ayy my hoco was tonight
I typed a lot of things about you that were probably true, with no ill intent. All put together they were WAY too mean. So I deleted them and offer this instead.\n\nGrace, Please don't drink so much.
I hate you grace, I'm a hater, deal with it, I have my reasons and I'm not going to tell you, you need to fix your own shit
Hey sweetheart... I genuinely love you...  Because I totally relate..... Gosh... Are you seriously as clumsy as you showcase in your videos... Coz I am guilty AF😂😂
(Jesus, The Great I AM!):\n\nJesus said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nBefore Abraham was, I AM.\n\nThen took they up stones to cast at him:\nbut Jesus hid himself, \nand went out of the temple,\n\ngoing through the midst of them, \nand so passed by.\n\n(John 8:58-59).\n\n***(I AM): Jesus was not just claiming to have lived before Abraham; He was claiming eternal existence. He was claiming to be, God Himself.\n\n***(Exodus 3:14)<---And (God) said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, (I AM) hath sent me unto you.\n\n***This time the Jewish leaders understood that Jesus was claiming to be God, so they took up stones to stone him for blasphemy. \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(I AM):\n\n(Gk. ego emimi);\n\n*(John 6:35)<---And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst).\n*(John 10:7)<---Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep).\n*(John 10:14)<---I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine).\n*(John 15:1)<---I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman).\n*(John 18:5)<---They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them).\n\n***Strong's #1473; 1510:\nThis expression denotes self-identity in self-sufficiency. In one breath, Jesus asserted His eternal preexistence and His absolute deity. Abraham, as with all mortals, came into existence at one point in time. The Son of God, unlike all mortals, never has a beginning. He is eternal; and He is God.\n\nThis is evident in Jesus use of the words I AM for Himself. This statement recalls the Septuagint (The Greek OT) translation of Exodus 3:6 & 14, in which God unveiled His identity as the I AM WHO I AM. Thus Jesus was claiming to be the ever-existing, self-existent God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus claims equality with God in Power):\n\nThen answered Jesus \nand said unto them,\n\nVerily, verily, I say unto you,\nThe Son can do nothing of himself, \n\nbut what he seeth the Father do:\nfor what things soever he doeth, \n\nthese also doeth the Son likewise.\n\n(The Son can do nothing of himself): Means that action by the Son apart from the Father is impossible because of the unity of the Father and the Son. (Whatever he does, the Son also does): Is a claim of deity and unity with the Father).\n\nFor the Father loveth the Son, \nand sheweth him all things \nthat himself doeth:\n\nand he will shew him \ngreater works than these, \nthat ye may marvel.\n\n(The son does what the Father does because the Father loves the son. Moreover, because the Father loves the Son, he reveals all to him. The Father would show the Son greater works than the healing of the sick man. Jesus would raised the dead and eventually judge humanity).\n\nFor as the Father raiseth up the dead, \nand quickeneth them; \neven so the Son quickeneth \nwhom he will.\n\n(The Son gives life): As God raises people from the dead and gives them life, so Christ gives people spiritual life. Jesus claimed the same power as God, thus claiming that he is equal with God).\n(John 5:19-21).
it has been at least 30 years since your homecoming from college
MY HOCO WAS LAST NIGHT!!!!!
What a glorious tragedy....
Okay but can Jenna Marbles pls do this
this also screams for jennas rachet salon
very nice video
Ugly girl
The Re-Don't Tag
JENNA'S RATCHET SALON
... Boobies jiggled when you sat down so suddenly 👀
The #ThrowbackCringe challenge!
Hoco repo
#homecringing
@jennamarbles you should also participate😉👌🏻 another jennas rachet...
🖕🏾
Wheres your date?
Lol trending.
#formalfails #formalfailures
Should have tagged jenna marbles and arend richard too @jennamarbles @arendrichard
grace looks dangerously skinny
Her fingers look so long ayyy haha
“Recreating My Cringey Self”\n“Recreating My Younger Self”
I love u
Throw back Thursday tag
Throw Back Tag TBT
So cute!
she looks like mars argo!!!!
Bvc
When you peaked in high school, recreating “the good old days” would seem a novel idea. Ugly cunt.
As an actual tailor, this hurts a lot.
*WATCH GIRLFRIEND DOING BOYFRIENDS MAKEUP ON MY CHANNEL!!* \n😂😍💋💄💅🏻😍
oh dude those scrunchie shirts were not exclusive to south jersey i grew up in eastern pennsylvania (okay ... admittedly close to south jersey) & those were huge
If these were realistic zombies just wait until they starved to death. They don't have infinite energy.
The best part of the apocalypse is that the left and right coast will be the first to go, and all the libtards will go with it.
How do you boil something in the wild
Im like that the only person that doesnt wear skinny jeans thats for pussies
How to Survive out in the Wild: Watch Primitive Technology.
:59 wtf kind of pebble is that?
Just don't eat the acorns that are​ on the ground thought they have magots in it
What about how to survive being locked in a bathroom don't ask how I got the idea    \n\n\n\n\n\nOk I was looked in the bathroom for an hour it's india the door look             are hard to open 😐 🚽🚪😓😲😨😭☠😭😭😭
You guys should do a video on inhaling nitrous oxide
How often do we really need to bathe?
Why is it always US centric?
Woah woah woah... This is a science channel?? You CANT drink cactus water Bc in actuality cactus infused their water w a poisonous substance to protect it, anything that drinks it will get violently ill throwing up and w diarrhea. You will die of dehydration.
too much tannic acid from acorns can be lethal to humans
Don't just eat snow! Melt it down first. Eating snow if you are already cold is a good way to get hypothermia.
Every one is talking about this😐y?
i am sick of the society i want ww3
Watch in 0.5x speed and he sounds drunk :D
I hope, I wont have to try to survive that...
Everyone knows an apocalypse won't happen but still they will watch it. 😂😂
Day 1:  Apocalypse \nDay 2:  Turn to cannibalism\nDay 3:  Learn to make homemade jerky\nDay 4:  Make new friends
Or... you can just hunt humans
I always forget about iron pyrite\neveryone knows what iron pyrite looks like\nthanks minute earth\nwe're saved
background music gives me the Harvest Moon feel.
How do I increase HGH in my body??
Can we have a how to save the ADpocalypse
If there was an apocalypse I will kill of you fuckers - XXXTentacion XXL 2017 Cypher
All pine trees are edible. ALL pines contain high amounts of  vitamin C. You can chew the needles or boil them to make a  tea.
Hmmm. I think I'll just die
I read the title as “How to Survive The Adpocalypse”.
Vegans,\nThis is why we need to be tentative. Ergo; sorry, not sorry Chickens but until then, yous safe and are my non edible friends.
Do NOT eat snow. Melt it first or you risk lowering your body temperature. Remember water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade but it can be much, much colder.
What about how to survive in post-apocalyptic city?
Get a purification bottle for water
Why are we scared of heights?
*The* apocalypse? I didn't know *THE* apocalypse was coming.
What happens if you take to much advil
I thought Vitamin-C was heat sensitive.
I want to see one of you guys on Naked and Afraid now lol.
Do the world a favor and give terrible advice instead ;) make sure you don't boil water, eat every mushroom and berry you see, sneak up on brown bears to scare them away,  etc.  Leaves more resources for the rest of us when the dust settles...
Ice cream is hard to find in the wild?\n\nI DON'T WANT TO LIVE ON THIS PLANET ANYMORE.
Does he really draw everything ?
i'm just gonna build a barrier around a grocery store.... simple enough
Survive? Who said anything about surviving?
I watched the walking dead... I'm good. I'll just die.
What if a emp went off?
Question: What about vegans? There was a lot of mentioning about finding/cooking meat. So, what would the vegans/vegetarians do?
Actually, the key ingredient to surviving is Dank MEMES
Do a video on why Yellow 4 & 5 is bad for guys!!
AsapSCIENCE can we turn the universe into something like star wars? It needs to be done 😂
I WROTE EVERY THING HE SAID BUT NOT THE CACTUS SHIT AN I GAING TO LIVE smh
If your shelter is an igloo you can build a fire. Just sayin'.
“Shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, sautee it. There's, um, shrimp kebabs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo, pan fried, deep fried, stir fried. There's pineapple shrimp and lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich... That's, that's about it.”
Day 1 of emergency situation: yo why is that guy eating bugs? We've only been off power for like...12 hrs
Why would you want to survive
Def need a lot of weed
can you make a video on how to survive an apocalypse vegan edition
So much bullshit in here
We're at the  how to survive/ how to prep for the apocalypse stage....
Or just do this.\n1) Get on phone\n2) Turn on cellular data\n3) go to www.PizzaHut.com\n4) order pizza\n5) easy
The title should really say How to survive the OUTDOORS
Find the guy of the primitive technology channel and live in glorious luxury.
I was under the impression that plenty of potentially toxic proteins retain tertiary structure even when exposed to extreme heat, aren't there things that not even boiling your water can defend you against?
The best option, in my opinion at least, is to die. That's it, just die. Don't try to survive. Who needs to survive when you can end your suffering earlier? Okay, I'm not being serious.
Back to the Barter System.
if there is a god please don't let there be a real life Preston Garvey.....
its a good thing I have a mealworm colony...
I’ll save this for when WW3 happens
When you are vegan so you already know how to survive a 《terrible apocalypse》 where there are no cow milk and flesh in the super market to buy.
I don't know if you've done this before, but if you could maybe do a video about a vegan diet that would be nice!! I am a vegan and we get such a bad rep and yes there are some terrible vegans who shame others but I just want people to be healthier and animals to be happier. it would be nice to have a video from you guys proving that it isn't 'dangerous' or 'unhealthy' or whatever!
The hole withe rocks vegetation and meat is normal in new Zealand we call it hangi
Well........ FUCKS! I live in Australia.  And if u go to the middle of Aus I'll see no river but desert.
World didn't end in 2000, 2012 nor on 23rd sep 2017... there will b no apocalypse... so chill...
That mentos ad was good.
This sounds really terrible but why would you WANT to be alive during an apocalypse? The earth would never be the same again and you can't live your life, you can't have a family, get a job or fulfil your dreams. Tbh, the lucky ones are the ones that die quickly at the start, I would rather die that way than die slowly and painfully from hunger/ radiation or any other way you could die. I'm not saying I wouldn't try to survive but I mean, it's sorta true.
When the apocalypse happens, im gonna find you first 😂😂
7,001,001 subscribers. \n\n\nWhat a coincidence.
Congrats on hitting 7,000,000
Minecraft Players: *Punches A Tree*
Almost 7 mill subs
You don't
Video on derealisation/depersonalisation
Watch man vs wild
CONGRATS ON 7 MILLION SUBS!!!
Omg im actually the 7000000th subscriber
Its simple \nWatch Primitive Technology
Hollywood take notes please
Dont wear cotton!
COTTON -fail
THIS IS TRENDING 😀
previously on biiiiiiig brother
Step 1: DON'T
Who tryna survive something where everyone dies?
Wow just wow
Is the thumbnail Morty?
ASAP Science?
Morty in thumbnail
step one: get fresh water, i got that covered, i live in michigan fresh water EVERYWHERE except flint
one of my best friends is norwegian master in archery and his dad is top 10 in the world ill just join them cus hes one of my best friends and we can hunt. water i can get from the well which is where my grandparents live and also sinse i live in norway fishing is quite reliable, biggest problems will be medicine, the tea made from needles on trees is a good advice tho
Dear asap science, \n     I love ur vidioes so much.plss don't stop making vidioes like this my mother said that  I can take so much good thing from ur vidioes. \nShe said to say thank you to u guys  about making such a awsome vidioes. Because of u I can get high maks on science now I am remameet the piriode ic table becuers of you.thank you .pls make some vidioes about Newton theory s.i am waiting for it\nFrom \nAmadhi yapaa\n(Sorry about english I am poor at english.becuers i am 14 yet.i am  good at english in sri lanka .but not  to other country s)
what type of apocalypse are we talking about here?
Glowey Chloe
Amazing 😻😻
Amazing tutorial! @rosanouvilas instagram
Awesome 😍😍
Omg this is hot!!!
Amazing!!! Omg 😍🔥
you look soooo much like mila kunis omg
stunning!
i realky like it
so cool chloe!
Everyone does skeleton.  Boring....
Amazing!!
Amazing xx
OMG I love this!!
YESSS!!!! Been waiting for these tutorials!!! xo
WOW! Great work Chloe. 👏🏻💖💀💖
yay another tutorial by chloe
Love it
Love the music!
omg this inspired me to try halloween makeup for the first time ever...wish me luck!
Cant take ure angry scull seriously, with that happy backgroundmusic. :D
loveee it
Amazing
Glowyyyy Chloe!
Wow you made this seem so easy!! 👏🏻 glowey Chloe!!
Big Like From SPIDERMAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AM-A-ZING
Your nails!😍 love ittt
HUGE thumbs up. Brilliant!!!!
I like those smokey eyes :D
What an amazing art 😍
SPOOKY
Love it 😍
It's wow but how can you clean this?!
Awesome loved this 🙈
Would love to see this look with lashes on! I might try to recreate it!
Looks SPOOKTACULAR 👻👻👻👻
Guys can anyone recomment a substitute for this body glitter? I'm located in Canada. To me it looks more like a white highlighter and not a glitter, but still no idea where to get it
At 5:44 I literally said WHOA out loud lol
I have all the brushes she used
It's a bit awkward when you realize that a skeleton looks better than you do! 😂 I loved this tutorial. I've seen a lot of skulls already this year, and this is definitely one of my favourites. Nothing too over the top and I love the gloss to give it a bit of femininity. Thanks for being awesome! xOx
Beautiful chloe, and realistic for most of us to be able to achieve ♡♡ well done xxx
Do a wonder women Halloween makeup
i tried to recreate this but it looked nothing like yours :(
The best halloween tutorial for 2017 I have seen💀👑😍
Loved this look Chloe! Would love to see another one if you have time. The use of the glitter to make it look like a shiny glitter skull was perfect 👌🤗Thanks!
I forgot you were doing a halloween tutorial!! started to think jesus what is she doing hahaha
This was so easy to do and I love it! I've been really getting into Halloween looks this year and I'm definitely excited about trying this one! \n\nPlease check out my first Halloween look EVER and provide me with some feedback please! <3\nhttps://youtu.be/uPRM0a5SF1E
wow i love how simplistic you made this like something that could be in anyones makeup collection! love it
why does this video give me 2012 vibes 😂😂
'Today I'm doing something simple '\n😳 .. \nWaiting for the simple video 😏
Oh, Sam Chapman has made the same make up on Instagram
Of all the skull tutorials I've been watching, honestly this is the one I'm most likely to do haha
a lot of australians say we don't really celebrate halloween but when i was a kid (90s/00s) everyone i knew dressed up and went trick or treating. i think it varies even just suburb to suburb.
5:44 I'm just gonna do a natural highlight lol
Any other youtubers wanna support each other? Comment if you do!💕
a Halloween look I don't have to buy a whole bunch of special makeup for yesssssssssss
chloe ! the background music got me laughing really . especially that wooo oooooo
Love it!  Would love to see an Annabel look lovely.  💜💜💜
At like 3 minutes it could feasibly just be a nice smokey eye 😂
For a second while you started i completely forgot this was a skull look and i was like ew Chloe whatchu doin
I love your lights, it makes your skin look real, and not overly photoshopped. Nice tutorial, Chloe :)
the glossy face really worked well with this look! i also like how you made the skull slightly messy because most skull tutorials i've seen keep everything super clean but your version is nice and edgy! it would be cool to see you do another halloween look using no special effects makeup. -Meghal
Love it! Please do a gangster clown makeup look?
You did an amazing job with look Chloe!!! Hope you make some more.
This is so awesome! Love how you did a skull that was different from the other ones out there.
So amazing!! Love it 🖤💀☠️
i love it!!.. we use this kind of skull´s for the death´s day in Mexico, we celebrate this party in 2nd of november, come to visit us!! :)
This skull is so bomb! Literally one of the most humble and down to earth youtubers 🙌🏽 Also love how your represent us Aussie’s in the YouTube industry xx
How are you this talented?? You make this look so easy ❤️
Speechless, you're so talented! Can you please do outfit ideas next?
Love a easy realistic Halloween look
this is one angry skull!! :D :D
Excellence to the highest power! 😗
so good! you look so cranky lol would not want to run into you like this, love it!
This is great! Awesome video
You look so pretty here. Too pretty for being a skull.. lol
Love the background music!!! So cute.
I love the background music!!!
Love it!!! You should do a video removing Halloween makeup with the face halo
You were doing this so casually like it’s nothing but it’s seriously soooo AWESOME!! It turned out GREAT! 😍😍
amazing work! so funny how you the makeup is making you look more and more angry throughout the tutorial haha
I would like to see a spooky mermaid look:)
This is so dope!!!! I love how angry it looks haha
You looked just like mila kunis when you had the dark eye make up on xx
is it just me or did this video seem rushed? :/
Holy shit that's a lot of glow
you killed this look!!!
Trying this out for sure!!!!! So simple
Would the make no mistake foundation be a good base for a MAC chromocake? I'm using one for a costume, but the green color tends to stick to my skin so I need something to put under it.
I kinda loved how the dark eyeshadow made your eyes look
Love how that came out ! And it doesn't seem overly complicated. I'm really enjoying October with all the Halloween tutorials that beauty Youtubers create, a lot of them are really creative looks.
This is called: contour to the bones!!! hahaha super cool chloe!
this is so pretty ....u r so pretty
This is amazing! Xx
This is so simple and so beautiful 💀💖
How is it possible you still look so STUNNING even with glam scary makeup?! 😩 by the way I love the look, I might try it this year! Love you! ❤️
Wow amazing tutorial😍
Hottest skull ever 😂❤️
You are the most beautiful skeleton I’ve seen! 🙂👍🏻
If you decide to breastfeed, the first couple weeks of breastfeeding are the hardest and there’s such a steep learning curve, but if you are able to push through it, it’s definitely worth it. I will say that if you end up deciding breastfeeding isn’t for you and some people give you a hard time about it, remember that being a good parent is making sure your baby is fed. It doesn’t matter if it’s breastmilk or formula. Fed is best. Period!
If you chopped yourself in half... bahaha, i love how your sense of humor gets injected into whatever you're talking about. Such a chill gal!
if u plan are breast feed i would highly recommend a nipple cream, the ultra blam from lush works really well, and mama’s nipple butter are my go two’s both are very natural and i love the smell and feel of them... also a good breast pump, breast pads for milk leakage, and make sure ur chair is comfy enough to fall a sleep in, cause i most likely will fall asleep well feeding. i also found a nursing bracelet helpful, u switch from wrist to wrist so u kno witch breast to either start with or that u last feed from .
please name your girl Delilah after your first dance song, and matches your name!
:D
Ovia ia great!  I use ovia fertility!  Great app :)
omg your skin is GLOWING <3
Watching this at 3.30 AM while pumping 😅🐄 #momlife
Hi Fleur! Could you please do a pregnancy approved skincare and makeup?? It would be much appreciated. Congrats and thank you for all your work! ;)
I've just had my 5th baby, would love to see an anti haul or products you regret buying once you have this baby. It's surprising how many I wish I'd never bought! Your looking lovely x
please try Bravado nursing bras. They are expensive, but they are the most comfortable bras, period!
I would recommend lots of relaxation and sleep since you won't be getting much in the first few months! Keeping your stress levels low is key! A pregnancy pillow is a must have especially towards the end! Go out to restaurants and lots of movies as you won't get a chance to do that as much later! Also I would recommend packing your hospital bag early so you don't end up like me when my baby decided to come early and we were packing after my water broke! Keep an open mind about everything especially labour and birth! Most of all enjoy the pregnancy and savour this special time!
Where is your moon/star necklace from Fleur? It is beautiful! Thank you so much for doing this video! Love hearing all the essentials and tips you've figured out along your pregnancy. I'm so excited for you! Btw your glowing! <3
Breastfeeding- I was recommended and used this little silver cups for your nipples. I know it sounds odd but silver heals the skin (you re-activate it by washing the cups daily with bicarbonate soda) They're called Silverette \n\nhttp://www.silverette.com/en/cups-how-to-use.php
my twin babies (a boy and a girl!) are three months old! :) I lived in maternity leggings the last month of my pregnancy. the thought of putting jeans on when i was that uncomfortable made me want to cry. so, for sure stock up on comfy, stretchy leggings! especially for when you are swollen towards the end. good luck!! best wishes!!
I have the Ovia app too and i love how it shows you how big the hands and feet are by week
If you don't use fabric conditioner on stretchy jeans leggings etc they last longer. Conditioner ruins latex and other fibres used in stretchy clothes.
Hey Fleur :-) I use the same bras from Emma Jane (my son is now 6 months). I love them as well. I would say - if you decide to breastfeed - you should def get some wool nursing pads (Just a random webside: https://danishwool.com/collections/nursing-pads). It will keep your breasts nice and warm so that you won't get mastitis. Also lanolin balm is great for the nipples :-)
Just a tip for breast feeding. It was really difficult to get my Ellie to breast feed. We had just about had her trained when I had to go away on a business trip. Ruined everything. It's a lot of work to get a child to breast feed, so keep your schedule clear from flying/ travel that would take you away from her until your little one is completely on board with breast feeding (if that's what you choose to do).
The first pregnancy essential is.... who is the father!?
I'm going to have to look into the max vs plus because I'm wondering why anyone would want to take 3 instead of 2 tablets lol. 😵 I am sooooo in love with ur necklace would love to know where it's from please I'll be calling my bump Luna so I'm obsessed with moons! Xxx
I don't know if you've already seen it but Whitney Port from the Hills has a YouTube channel vlogging her pregnancy and birth. As a momma myself I wish her channel was there when I had my daughter...she is so real and honest. I hope you will check it out :)
Medela nipple shields and read as much about breastfeeding as possible.
Also with the ovia app, you get 4 choices of the baby size comparison! If you go to the settings, you can chose from fruits/veggies, silly animals, toys, and persian bakery items!
Jools olivers book Minus Nine To One is my favorite Pregnancy book. XX
have you decided what to do with your belly button piercing? you mentioned it in an earlier video and I can't remember if you came to a decision
You should download the Wonder Weeks app for when your bubba is born! It's sooooo helpful for knowing when your babe is entering a leap and gives you heaps of info of what to expect! X
Bra strap in the tea = great YouTube moment!
My bra straps been dipped in my tea 😂😂😂 love you fleur
An absolute essential is Massage oil for your perineal area to avoid ripping during birth 🙃
I'm 36 weeks. I use the Ovia App!! I find it the most entertaining. This week she is the size of a Cabbage patch doll. I am starting to get very uncomfortable. I have to go to the bathroom every hour some nights which is not very cool. But I guess it is training for the interrupted sleeps that I will have in the not so distant future.
Have you tried any of the H&M maternity wear or George at Asda? They look ok for workwear (shirts, trousers etc). Can find lots of jeans but not many proper trousers.
For once baby is here the wonder weeks app is amazing. Lets you know what stages they're going through at that time. (There is alot) like teething not sleeping etc. It really helped me when my little was growing up. He's 3 now the time really goes so quickly! Enjoy being pregnant it was the best time for me! Xx
'My baby is currently a papaya' 😂😂😂
I also had Ovia app when I was pregnant and liked it a lot :) I had my first baby at the end of August. Newborn essential I really like and I don't know if you have it yet is baby-vac...So funny, but it's a tube that you attach to your vacuum and you can clean a baby's nose with it so easily...Babies have stuffed noses so often, even if they don't have a cold and it's hard for them to eat with stuffed nose...Also treat yourself with massages, pedicures, etc. before the baby comes...:D
For goodness sake do your pelvic floor exercises!! In fact self-care in general is massively important when you have a baby (mine's 8 months now). It's very easy to let it fall by the wayside! \nTwo apps I would recommend for finishing off your pregnancy are Kegal Kat and Contraction Timer. The timer will let you track your stage 1 labour, which I found useful to help me decide when to go to the hospital. Also for the hospital I took a prepared playlist with me - it gives your brain something to focus on when the pain gets bad. Remember to take water and snacks for you and Mike! You'll both (mainly you) need your energy!
Ovia does show you fruit too! Just change what you want to see each week - you can switch between fruit & veg, weird animals, fun & games etc
Hi! I’m about a week ahead of you with a boy so it has been so fun watching your updates!! I have been loving super comfy pajama shorts since I get so hot at night and long tank tops with cardigans as it gets into Fall in the US. My skin has been super dry so I have been going through sheet masks like crazy! XOXO
Would so love to see a baby names video from you!! Xx
There is an app called Sprout I think you might like. I’m due next week but feel ready now!
Super helpful video! I'm looking forward to getting some comfy maternity wear in the next month (it's early days for me). But I'll be checking out those vitamins today as I do want to take omega 3 as well 🙂
Without plugging....I have filmed loads of videos on pregnancy and breastfeeding. It can be really tough and quite lonely. I found YouTube so helpful for any questions I had xxx
My little boy is six months and the most used things for me are muslins... Millions of them!!he spits up and protects us from having to change a million times a day.\nA basic light weight bouncer, I have two a tiny love rocker and napper(which is also brilliant as it lies flat)and a mothercare basic one as I can lift it one handed so if I need to go to different rooms or the bathroom its portable, I probably used it most for getting ready in my dressing room as he could see me and I wasn't running in and out of rooms to check him.\nA lie flat high chair, hauck do one and other brands(think stokke have new born inserts for theirs,they are very lush looking).bit more  pricier but great for sitting at table or in kitchen and eating and good way to get bubs used to seeing food getting made,eaten,sitting as a family.\nNot new born but my boy is now weaning and I live the Annabel karmel silicone freezer trays supper easy to batch cook and the weaning app on app store for ideas.\nHave loafs more but will leave it here...good luck xkx
Epsom salt baths when I got near the end 🙌
http://www.bounty.com/pregnancy-and-birth/pregnancy/pregnancy-week-by-week/20-weeks-pregnant this like but many more websites
I really loved the H&M maternity jeggings with the full panel that goes all the way up, way more comfortable in my opinion! Also during towards the end of my pregnancy I could not wear any sort of jeans/leggings I lived in maxi dresses!
Newborn essential - this is a bit of a strange one but the Phillips' 'Hue' light bulbs and hub have saved me with my nighttime feeds. You can control your lights with an app on your phone including a dimmer option so you don't need to get up and turn on bright lights at 3am, if you have a bedside cot, you won't even need to get out of bed! I am a wheelchair user so this has literally been the best thing ever!
★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★  ★★★★                            ★★★★★★★★★★★★\n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Prenatal vitamins are so important during pregnancy and also if nursing.  Those pregnancy apps look fun to use 👶🏼😊
you are glowing Fleur, i loved Ovia when i was pregnant
This is pretty random, but I’m currently 18 weeks with my first, loving maternity jeans, but I miss tucking in tops!  Anyone else experiencing this? 😆
I'm soaking up every single pregnancy content that you put up lol, so so interesting
Number 1 essential when I had my baby girl: Fisher Price Rock n’ Play. She slept in it until she was 6 months old. It rocks and has a sound machine attached... folds up flat for travel. Super light and easy to move around from room to room. I think it was $75 US. So excited for you guys! My Ava is 19 months old and time is just flying so quickly. Being a mom is just the greatest gift 😊 Enjoy every second!
You might not be this far ahead yet for preparing but I highly recommend socks for labor and a lovely lip balm. I had long labors and forgot socks the first time and the air con is freezing and if you have gas and air your lips get so dry x
Yeah my name is Joni, glad you are enjoying my jeans!😅
Are you going to do a nursery tour soon? :D Pretty please!
I don't have a baby myself but im a caregiver and i'd say you need tons of biebs, specially if you care about your baby looking neat. You will need to change them often, for heavy drooling days (lol) i recomend you look for the ones that have plastic lining on the back so moisture stays away from her skin. Also all plastic when they start with food, spots find their way and are hard to remove!
For my third pregnancy I read Jenny McCarthy's Belly Laughs. It is an interesting read. It talks about stuff during pregnancy/birth that are taboo and I found it pretty funny and real.
You should try reading a parenting book called Bringing up Bebe, it's about French parenting techniques, and an American parent. It's really eye opening!
I'm currently 8 months pregnant and I just wanted to say first that I love your updates! Also that if you want to geek it a little more the book the first 6 months is a fantastic book for newborn Info, it's written by a midwife and it's an Australian book if you want to check it out. Xx
Fleur I am obsessed in watching Emily Norris videos. She has done baby essentials which I found really useful
I'm happy for you Fleur!☺
I am actually a nanny for a currently 9month old. But have been with him since he was 3 months.  The things that i would recommend are the BabyWise book by Robert Bucknam M.D. and Gary Ezzo!! The most incredible philosophy on sleep.  Its all about fitting a baby in to your life versus the other way around.  The parents i work for are able to live their normal lives, and know when their child while actually be sleeping versus having a new schedule everyday.  Also a dock-a-tot!!! and back is best sleep suits!
Great video! I'm just behind you at 25 weeks, and I've been loving the Palmer's oil for my belly. I need to try the tummy butter! And I've been reading Bringing up Bébé. Love the book so far. Great advice from an American ex-pat living in France. Hope you're enjoying your pregnancy! You look beautiful! xx
Do you think you and Mike  or just you will do a baby names we love but won't be using video?
pregnacare max is the best used it throughout my pregnancy.....
Two kids down, working on a third. Definitely buy (if avail in UK): Nose Frida, Kinsa Smart Thermometer (probe kind), coconut oil for breastfeeding, and a touch lamp.
I'm 23 weeks pregnant and I'm so glad im not the only freak obsessed with watching every newborn essentials video on YouTube haha
My son is now 18 weeks old and my essentials were my fit ball to bounce on as I got close to due date, soft sports bras for bed and night shirts a pose to pj's. when you pack your hospital bag make sure you take some pre made milk bottles I.e cow and gate etc inc saw it takes a while for baby to latch I had been awake for days and my son had tongue tie so our only way to feed him was formula to start.? I have commented before but aquanatal classes are the best thing I ever did for exercise and to meet other mums. My no.1 tip is to meet other people at antenatal classes that are due a similar time, no matter what you read nothing beats k owing other people are going through the exact same and it is the best form of support as a new mum, I never ever read a pregnancy book as it is such a personal experience you just learn and develop every day when baby arrives. enjoy every second of being pregnant, before you know it you will have the most perfect little person by your side but my gosh you will miss your bump after a while. It's honestly the best feeling in the world xxxx
Yes leggings are a must during the last part of pregnancy and if there is one thing to invest in for baby it's a good car seat and stroller hands down
I just had my baby girl last week!!' Definitely recommended sleepyhead ! You should do a 'favourite names' , 💯for the Topshop jeans x
Hey Fleur! Would you talk about how pregnancy has effected your relationship with Mike? All good if that's too personal though! Xx
I don't have kids yet but I really like your videos :) \nWhere are your necklaces from? They're SO cute.\nAnd I also love your iPhone cover - where is it from?
I’m 35 weeks I use the glow nurture app I find talking to other ladies due the same time as me reassuring
Have you been keeping a pregnancy journal? I've always considered keeping one when I get pregnant but I'm bot sure how time consuming that would be
Omg this was me last year- I can't believe how fast this year has gone. My little boy was born 27th December. Savour everything because you'll blink and miss it!!
On Ovia, at least in the US, you can  change the size comparisons. Mines currently toys, but you can change it to fruit if you want!
I'm 20 weeks pregnant, my essentials are also the pregnacare max and clarins body tonic oil for my tummy it smells amazing and last for ages!!! Xxxxx
Where is that moon and star necklace from!? So beautiful! For me i found bio oil actually was more effective for stretch marks based on my two pregnancies. Second pregnancy i combined the body butter with bio oil and saw a significant difference.
Loving the videos about your pregnancy, keep them coming 💕xxx
My daughter is 7 months old and I've been sharing our journey on my blog. I'll link to a few posts that might be useful. :) \nTen Items Used Daily With 6 Month Old - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/09/ten-items-used-daily-with-6-month-old.html\nNewborn Essentials - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/03/newborn-essentials-what-worked.html\nLactation Cookies - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/04/trail-mix-lactation-cookies-dairy-free.html\nThird Trimester Must Haves - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/02/third-trimester-must-haves.html\nSecond Trimester Must Haves - http://www.atravelingwife.com/2017/02/second-trimester-must-haves.html
You'll be a beautiful mama. Love you 😘😘👶👶
I'm due 22nd January I'm currently in week 24! Been absolutely loving the pregnancy videos:) xx
Hi Fleur, I think we are going to have babies around the same time! Xmas babies :) My essentials have been loose fitting dresses, baby apps The Bump and Ovia, Palmers cocao butter, and teas! First mint tea helped me with my gas in the evening but it ended up giving me more heartburn (was probably overdoing it) so I switched to Chamomile tea and drink it max once a day. Another thing I have been loving is watching pregnancy updates, newborn essentials and a day in the life with newborn videos on Youtube haha! Saludos
I’m 32 weeks pregnant with my 3rd and the biggest essential I can recommend is SLEEP!!! \nRelax and sleep as much as possible. Also, try a pregnancy massage....heaven!!
crazy but importent: Don't forget the dogs:) let them a good smiff of the baby before she'll arrive home xoxo
I’ve just noticed your audience is (also) growing at past the 1/2 million mark!  Congrats on keeping great content coming, including your wonderful pregnancy vlogs 💖
I'm 6months ahead. Wren is 16 weeks now. Postpartum essential; high waisted leggings that suck you in again because I felt like I was falling apart, so empty and flabby and most of my maternity jeans just let the flab hang out! These ones are most like the ones I had. \nhttps://m.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/textured-elastic-ponte-legging-5855128\n\nBreastfeeding essential is support. All hands on deck to feed you and keep the tea and toast and pillows and blankets coming especially that first two weeks. It will hurt a lot until it doesn't. Cabbage leaves for engorgement work really well, surprisingly! \nBaby essentials; Vibrating bouncer seat, clevamama sleep pod, playmat with overhead toys, mirror for the car headrest. \nAnd the very first thing I ditched was my fancy over the shoulder nappy bag in favour of a backpack style handbag from primark. Throw it on your back, both hands free for baby. \nOh and keep getting baby clothes YOU love because you'll get SO many pink things or baby gear emblazoned with Daddy's little princess. x
If you are doings a name reveal, pls, pls, pls, Please do a sugar cookie name eveal
Essentials- full fat coke and coffee- sugar and caffeine will be your friend;) and  big comfy granny pants- just in case of c section, loads of loose pj bottoms/lounge wear. I had packed bloody leggings to come home in- ended up having an unplanned c section and I couldn't even get my foot in them! Nothing tight! x
I really hope you do breastfeed! It's the most nutritious and wonderful milk for your baby and there's nothing quite like it on Earth. Make use of lactation consultants too who can and will make your breastfeeding journey easier. \nMany women stop due to them thinking they're not producing enough, when in fact it's just the baby cluster feeding! Newborns eat constantly, it's their way of regulating your milk supply and will take around 12 weeks to establish. \nIf you haven't already, read up the science behind it all. It's incredible stuff! ❤️
when is she due
Loved watching this even though I'm currently not pregnant 😍
Oh my goodness, I wasn't prepared for the fruit thing and you saying your baby is currently a papaya. :D
Currently my baby is a papaya... That made me laugh... So cute
My mom was pregnant in the very early 70s, and there wasn't such a thing as prenatal care in those days (no vitamins either). She lost a few teeth due to it, no joke (because I was taking all of the calcium out of her). I think it's essential to get these vitamins in and I'm glad they do this now and it exists!
hi  fleur ! how many weight have you gain ??
Which items are sponsored? The first one I'd say?
Are you sure you're normally a 32C Fleur? I was measured as a 32C recently and I'm quite busty for my petite frame. Either that or you just hide your boobs very well :-)
An Ad? Seriously?? Come on.
what the heckkkkkk ?? since when do you listen to DNA  ???? sinceee when  ??? what the heck ??? I'm so confused the heckkkkkk????
I heard Taylor Swift and i was like Oh great, here we go!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTHEN MR.BRIGHTSIDE CAME ON..... I started crying... i know i'm pathetic
Where do you get your contacts from?
The video starts at 3:11, you'll thank me later...
I'm going to be Georgie and I got the idea from this video
I for real have never watched any of your videos but then it hit 1:30 and BTS DNA starts playing and I decided to that your obviously cool and I'm subscribing. Any ARMY is a friend of mine!!!!! 🤗🤗🤗
Wait what's a ghost student
i felt like i was in forever 21 the whole time
Ironically the cutest costume was the one from a horror movie. Only Eva could achieve that
The moment I heard DNA, I AM HERE FOR IT!!!
Just saying she looked so different (but good) with those contacts in from the Alien costume!
OMG SHE USED DNA IN HER INTRO, IM CRYING
But... I live in Australia...
I saw Georgie and I was like that's what I'm going to be for Halloween so I told my mom and so now I'm being Georgie for Halloween bc of your idea thx:)))))
I liked the alien the most👽
Subscribing lol love your obsession with sharks 🦈 I love sharks toooo
Ikr the l' my life as Eva fan shirt' is a really scary costume. I should be that cuz it's scary;) I'll win the scariest costume party at my school;)
Omg gurl where’s your MERCH I would so BUY IT
you are not hot
I Came Here Just To Hear BTS 😂😂
That cute farmer was so funny lol.. Love that
I was listening to DNA before this so I didn't even notice😂😂where the ARMY at?
Did anyone hear DNA \nI was triggered
tell me why my babies were playin in the beginning
This Video was Super Cute & I really Adored the Alien Look 💁💛💛
I cant breath.. SHE PLAYED DNA... im just done.. *tears*
My favorite Halloween candy are definitely Reeses. I really liked the jewelry thief costume!
she wasn't wearing underwear in the mom outfit
Wait I didn't expect to hear DNA in this oh bot
I don't know what I'm gonna be for Halloween. Please give suggestions in the comments! (If you want :3) It would help me! Thanks!
DNA IS A BOP I STAN A QUEEN WHO KNOWS A BOP WHEN SHE HEARS ONE THANK YOU
The cute alien costume reminded me of Ariana grande focus hair
i thought everyone was talking about DNA by kendrick lmao
Holy shit!!!!!! You had DNA in this vid!!!!! Im dead!
I love gummy worms and your videos!!
bro I just showed this to my older sister she said dude that's f**king dope..\n..i live eva so much
Did she use bts cause she likes them or just cause there famous?¿ 😮
Me: * sees gloves in thumbnail * \nMe: I don't have gloves. I don't need them unless I go to the races \n*A couple minutes later* \n*Shows race car driver*
The beginning literally killed me😂
the clip of mr brightside :')
Omfg did u just use bts dna music ???? What
*DNA starts playing*\nMe: *Drops spoon*\n\n\nAlso me: SINCE WHEN
OMG these fake bullies  actually made me feel sad this is so good acting skills
WHEN DNA BY BTS PLAYED I ALMOST DIED
every thing in my lewigi costume is D I Y but the hat because I'm to lazy to make a hat with an L on it
You maybe could have added diy boxer outfit for girls all you need is some shorts tank top and robe
I was gonna be pennywise but i chose georgie instead. Apparently pennywise is the #1 costume. Makes me sad but i can deal with georgie
I only counted 20 costumes...and I counted 3 times...why not add an extra one? Its not that hard. NO HATE 😂😂
OMG  DNA DMOSDNVIBNSFJS I HAD A HEART ATTACK
Why is it that all of a sudden youtubers are using bts' songs in their videos?
Can you find the b\n\n6666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666b66666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666
DNA OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG IM DEADDDDDDDDDDD
Reese's peese's
1:34 IS THAT BTS I HEAR
I was SHOOK when I saw Georgie \nSHOOKETH
Thanks for the suggestion!!
Minny mouse
Ahhhhhh army's dna OMG I like screamed
My favourite Halloween candy is tootsie rolls
I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL SO MUCH!! YOU ARE AMAZING!!😘😘😘
Omg bts was in the intro
I heard Bts DNA and got really hype
Slaying the bullies on our DIY costume!❤️😍
My favorite Halloween costume is jolly ranchers
HFISHAKDHAKHDOFEHKSNVDKJ BTS DNA. NUFF SAID
DNA!!!!!!!! YESSSS BTS!!!!
the first 1 looks like napolean dynamite!! lol
OMFG SHE USED DNA
OMG DNA AAAHHHH
Francis
DID I HEAR BTS
Jolly ranchers
Super cute! Love it! DNA!
DID I FUCKIN HEAR DNA
AAYYYYY GET IT WITH THAT BTS DNA AAYYY LLITTTT
Mine is heashys
BTS DNA!!!!!!!
So cute Eva!!
Skettles are my favorite candy
ava i love you soooooo mfn much for putting bts dna ‼️😭
Eva's head is huge wtf ahaha
Is Eva ARMY? OMG!!
I literally screamed when I heard DNA lol
1:17 song?
1:30 background music DNA BTS 🖤😂🖤
SLAYING THE BULLIES IN OUR DIY COSTUMES
OMG BTS DNA JDURHEGXGCJBRUDISKSKSKODKFNBEUDJSNFHJFJRIDJDJCIDJDICJ. \nDOSE SHE LIKE BTS?
She played BTS sjksnfjekwndiwbsksn
Slaying the bullies in our DIY costumes!!!
FANGIRL 1100% ITS DNA BTS HOLY ...
DNA!!! YASSSS
OMG BTS DNA!!!!
Yassssss dnaaaaaa, btssssss
WHO HEARD BTS 😳
CANDY CORN
Ghost student or cute Alien
What does BTS stand for??
Omg A.R.M.Y. DNA AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I love that wig AMAZING #MyLifeAsEva’sWigOnFleek
this is ridiculous
make a video on graviton
Can you do a video about gun control, specifically whether it will work in America or not
And i tought that poop is just.....poop
what happens to our body when we get hive.....hiv/aids explained
Mine tells me to eat chocolate! :D
So is this why i keep on watching Youtube? Darn those bacteria!
So what your saying is that if I shove healthy peoples shit up my ass then I will become healthy... wtf
So dogs eat poop because their microbiome wants some new friends?
I used to think Schizophrenia was pronounced 'Shit-so-free-nee-ya'
Can you guys publish the source material.  I would love to read the articles that the information came from.
You are a world
One of your best episodes yet! Keep up the great work!
I'm actually really interested in the relation between micro-biomes and autism now... Any links to the info?
Uh what? I thought stool transplant didn't actually work that way. What I had learned was that they harvest and breed healthy bacteria from stool samples and they administer them orally in a solution.
3:40 aww look at her lonely tooth and cute animation
the autism links have been debunked (6:00)
i'm gonna start eatin more healthy now.
eww... people actually get another person's shit inserted into their butts? healthy for them but so gross....
I wish there was some info on effects of antibiotics on the microbiome and microbiome's role in various allergies.
one thing I know.. this micro biome doesn't define the person, neither does the brain, its ur soul.
What up, C-section non-breastfed baby who has lupus and anxiety and craves dairy constantly right here 👌 Don't be me, kids.\n\nRegarding immune diseases: I've also read that they run in families, and that being born into a large family can contribute to immune diseases (exchange of cells between mothers and babies via umbilical cord means each subsequent child has a greater chance of being exposed to the cells of their siblings, which triggers child's immune response - and both my parents came from huge families with histories of immune diseases, so they likely had some of their siblings' cells)
These videos are honestly amazing. So we'll scripted and animated. Love it
Hey kurzgesagt give us something on chemistry this time
Can you do a vid about flu vaccines, please just a short one, so i can explain it to my friend, maybe on a marker board/ white board, please?
Can I request a video on explaining Magnetars?
Instructions unclear, hand stuck in... er... lets not get into details, actually
Still laughing from that healthy shit joke I saw somewhere down there in the comment section.
Wow you got money from bill gates nice job
2:13 to 2:23 \nWho else had a seizure?
I  like to donor my poop ....., I'll be glad.
It's like a more dynamic DNA
Absolutely memorizing video, as always, and I think this is one of the most easily transferable into everyday life . Fantastic work!
are they like bacterias that like weed?
who does the dart because I love this channels videos
Blink twice if the bacteria are making you comment...
So basically I'm depressed because I'm a c-section baby
On the right side of the video at 6:00 , if you listen closely you can hear:  *Wee-zingggggg...* 
I didn't know pizza was fast food? Can some one tell me it isn't?
Damm i wanted to order a pizza -.- no I am making veggies
This video took a gross unexpected turn.
Wait do people actually put healthy poop in their gut?
I guess sometimes you shouldn't trust your gut.
The immune system cells working out was funny! Bravo Kurzgesagt!
This is deep and dark
Huh, I'm feeling a bit ill, can someone shove their healthy poop up my ass for me?
I'd even go so far as to argue that instead of seeing the microbial organisms living in our body as guests, it would be fair to consider them a part of our body. They are seperate organisms, sure, but if you start categorizing every part of our body as such, you'll soon realize that not a whole lot of what you consider to be you is actually you.
So is no one going to point out that poop transplant is a thing????
5:58 I find the depiction of autism funny and I don't know why
Book microbes must explain why some people likes reading.
You are what you eat
I was born from a seasection and I just got sick with hinoch soclein pirpura [HSP] an auto immune disorder where the immune system attacks everything including my body, blood vessels  bust in the legs, feet, and around the stomach and liver, my legs looked like I got beat the crap out of my leg like by a hammer going really 100 times a second and that was by HSP not abuse my own body abused me and I have been in extreme pain a lot lately and the bruses happen inside my liver and stomach and my legs itched a lot and I could not stop
I am a bad example as I was born via c-section and I have a rock hard immune system
It gives a new meaning to  a gut feeling XD
Hey sorry to bother you but do you have any plans to continue the immune system videos?
So you are telling me by inserting poop of slim people i can make an easier weight loss and vice versa?
one of the best videos so far
It's been too long...
Did they seriously just claim autism is a serious disease that starts in the gut. Oh SMH. I thought so much more of this channel.
Sitting here all smug watching this after eating my plain Greek yogurt for lunch.
4:20 And the nutrient which will improve our language ability and Exercise capacity is Omega-3 fatty acids.
Can BT toxin found in GMO kill our Microbiome? Maybe not every human being is that susceptible but maybe it can be dangerous to some people
This must be nightmare fuel for germophobes
Man when will you come up withQ and A in a nutshell??
Are we just going to ignore that monkey
What does it mean then if I can eat fast food all day, like 5000+ calories a day and not gain a pound? I only lose weight if I don't workout!
1:03 Why is the baby born by C-section uglier.
All of the bacteria in our bodies make up 2-6 pounds of our weight
..poop?
Thank you
I love youre Videos.
bill gates sponsored this video pls sponsor me windows 11
Listen to your gut. Amiright?
cuteness overload
Love that jazz
I feel so enlightened
Your videos know only two extremes: existencial dread or sickening disgust, but somehow I can't stop watching them. Cheers!
106k likes in 3 days, wow...
6:21
Scientific sources?
The *M I T R O C H O N D R I A* is the powerhouse of the *C E L L*
My body is their bacterial universe!
quite optimistic from you guyz
This video is awesome!
Good one
Poop transplants.
Please do a concussion video, mentioning football kickoffs
Awesome video
Millions of years? Ummmm
I really liked this one.
To make smart babies, have lesbian sex with someone who has given birth to multiple smart people before the baby is born.
Autisim is *not* a disease.
u should make a quantum collapse or entropy video
Ty for making me feel like shit again.
I'm pretty skinny.\nAnyone wanna buy my poo?
3:30 song name?
THE MITOCHONDRIA IS THE POWER HOUSE OF THE CELL
Would it be possible to make a full carnivore into an herbivore by or omnivore by cycling its stomach bacteria? Hmm...
Poop transplant? What???
Next stop, the poop shop.
This was put up on on October 5, but is outdated. Years ago they found that the womb is not sterile, and babies are exposed to bacteria and viruses from conception on, long before the baby is born. They figured this out with rapid gene array technology that looked at DNA, rather than trying to culture bacteria and viruses. What they found was that there were a lot more species of bacteria and viruses than were previously known, and that they are everywhere, including in areas of our bodies that used to be thought of as sterile, such as internal organs including the brain. So this video is already years out of date.
This camera work is killing me omfg fire them
Does kourtney take Xanax every day? Or does she just lack a personality all together? Or is her face just stuck like that? I have so many questions.
This seems so scripted and not a real convo
just dropped by to say this is the worse trash on television...along with housewives and most of those reality shows..
This women as got such strong gains she could birth a nation and they would all be beautiful
I don't feel sorry . First of all who cares love your life . I'm over it
Naaaah Scott ftw!!
He did that with 19 yr old Sofia
well kourt he is trying to do something for your birthday you already leave your life scott he has the right to get jealous je is the father of your 3 kid's sound like you are using him..get a life kourt.
She looks like a drugsaddict. That explains the slow/ weird talking
Kris look like Michael Jackson in the thumbnail. .lmao 😅😅
I just think Scott wanted the best of both worlds. He wanted to cheat, be heavily intoxicated, AND be the family guy he brought it on himself. Kourtney seems genuinely happy now.
I used to watch this. Probably the first two years and a few spin offs. This is the first time I have seen them close up since. WOW! Both their faces are crazy looking. And she was bitching about Scott back then.
She wants him to get it together bc she's not done popping kids out.
It's weird seeing her talk to her mom it's like all Kris talks to is Kendal kylie n kim
the video caption has kris looking like MJ
wow she talks so stupid, like a 12 year old and she is like 38 with 3 kids
I like the less makeup look on Kourt- maybe just use a different contour shade, that's the only thing I'd change
Is just me or does the song in the background sound a lot like Are You That Somebody by Aaliyah but slowed down?🤔
She looks like she got her face done
It is funny at least one of her kids should be real
She looks so ugly here
So glad she left Scott that relationship was horrible.
Scott has disrespected Kourtney way to much he should not have any thing to do with her success, he is disrespectful, disgusting, baggage.
Why do these women gaze, pause and talk?
I know that's rite kourtney
COME ON CAMERA MAN GET IT TOGETHER!!!!!!
That valley girl accent i cant
I am glad that Kourtney have move on with Scott. Way you go Kourtney!
Eyebrow lift and botox, she looks so different
What is the name of the music at the end?
Oh no Kortney!!! She should of left her eyebrows alone. It gives her a different unusual look. 😒
Has she had something done to her face? She look's different
She got eyebrow lift she used to have creases on her eyes.
Scott's been living off the Kardashian fame for 10 years, I agree 100% with Kourtney here. He just wants to continue living the lifestyle so he plays up for the camera's and the family
Kourt probably gave in too the plastic surgery  because she started dating a guy younger than her  ....... idk she looks different
Why Kortney has such a bad skin if she can afford anything in the world.  Looks horrible
Scott always playing the victim like sis, wyddddd
Hella VALLEY WHITE GIRL talk. Like who needs to sound like this?
Kourtney gets upset when he’s with someone else too so...
l'm over her.... She strings Scott along, it's ok for her to date though
Just can’t stop staring at her frozen forehead.
Kris needs to stop being her kids friends and start being their mother. Like a proper real mother. How can Kourtney say it’s ‘funny to drink so much she fell asleep in her own vomit’. That’s just not ok on any level, it’s also dangerous and not funny at all. I hope her kids NEVER see that video clip.
I was in the exact same kind of relationship, just left a week ago. All games. 10 years together
Kourtney looks older than Kris in this video....She should change her make up artist..
He is a loose cannon but when I think about him having no other family, no siblings no parents I feel sad that they don't get it back together
Kortneys cheek fillers are shifting you can see the cracks which that makeup application
With that voice alone, i'm surprised Scott hasn't lost it earlier in their relationship. Good god! Also Kourtney is often very cold to anyone around her and i remember after Scott's parents died, the way she behaved on the show. The man lost it probably because she is just not a sympathetic woman and emotionally she abandoned him when he needed her the most and Scott unconsciously cant forgive that so he is acting out like a little kid.
Face pulled up...not saggy anymore around her chin cheek area...has to keep up with the young bf😁
Kourt's complexion looks really bad. Strange because she has access to the best dermatologist in the world.
She isn't free from blame....it's just the degree falls heavily on Scott
This is why I like Kourtney lol
She's finally over him, thank you God!!
Kourtney Kardashian starts taking...aaaaaand it's the end of the world. All she tried to say was hello. she's the slowest person in talking like you literally have to speed it up to make her sound normal! I bet it's the only reason Scott can't stand her. I cringe every time she tries to speak. Like I'm shouting inside talk like a fuckin normal person
Kris jenner needs to stop with the plastic and botox lookin like latoya jackson
She looks a bit sleep deprived here
God whatever she's had done to her face most recently is NOT flattering.
He had 10 years to put his heart in this relationship, he blew it
1. You should have thought of that before you had 3 children with him.\n2. She just admitted that she doesn't want him to leave her alone. (as evident by the 3 kids)\n3. Well now you have Hookers of your own. Just a nice little instagram hook-a. (in my Lafayette voice)
Kourtney, your new boyfriend is so hot. Scott, who?\nKourtney looks so gorgeous.
How dare her call other girls hookers that way. She gets upset that he dates younger girls, SHE is dating a younger man. She's lead him on for years and even said on the show that having another baby with him was not totally out of the question. He's no Angel, but neither is she.
WWWLOGANPAUL/SHOP
so she basically called Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie, and Chantel Jeffries all hookers lmao
When they say hi 😏. Annoying !!
why Kris look better than Kourtney
Q fea mujer
kourtney looks krae krae
Whao
I LOVE SCOTT 😫😭😒
Kourtney got something done that fucked up hwr face
!!!!
Kourtney needs to ditch the Don Draper Dickhead
Drag comparison example close faith advocate taste moment forty
The way they say Hi Hiiiiiii ugh lol
Such great actors lmao
you GO GIRLLLLLLL!!
Has Kourt had botox...?
Kourtneys real face/age at 0:57
Poor baby
Kourtney looking older than kris 😕
Girl.... fix your eyebrows
Bella Thorne is shaking....
Lazstyftrrthicl
Something odd about kourtneys face...
kourtney look at you face lit scars
Kris slaying that adidas
I liked kourtney’s old brows
Ew I just realized how ugly kourtney tbhhh
kourt has old lady neck :(
Very icy scripted 📜
1:03 mood Kris Jenner everyday
Omg monotonic voice is beyond annoying
How did kourtney get Scott? Scott's a genuinely handsome, model looking man, while kourtney is average (full of plastic surgery). Part of me feels that kourtney deep down knows Scott is better than her, he's a smart and funny dude, and she can't handle that so she puts him down to feel better about her miserable self
Kourtney you are a bit of an airhead! Yes we see Scot grovelling and begging you for intimacy, yet you think it is best to display yourself as this untouchable goddess who refuses to be touched by this man, your husband. You probably think it's the best story line, yet you simply appear cold hearted. If you love him and give him all he needs, why doesn't Seacrest have it on show?? All we see is you expecting his babies, having had them, you embrace the kids and kick him to the kerb. He is naughty, but I don't blame Scot for engaging other girls. You give him the ammunition and the guts to show the world that many other women are open to loving him. Now all we see is you publicly taking youths like Beiber etcetera? Have a bit of pride as a woman, a mother! The air in your head says leave the kids go get drunk and puke, and you think your mother is wrong? Guess what, your children will suffer emotionally for the rest of their lives when they are grown enough to understand your behaviour. Revenge dating cost Princess Diana. In your case it's not pretty to compete with a man so publicly. I see a cold hearted woman who only takes her husband when she wants a new baby. You are the reason why Scot is a rascal. How old are we?
Kris said she THINKS he was jealous not he was jealous so why is kourtney  getting angry
That’s the most emotion I have ever seen from her.
Kris knows exactly how social media works and to see how her kids don't listen to her advice is sad. The internet is a harsh place. Especially for a crying Kardashian
Kourtney you are the most beautiful of your sisters, you dress better and you are mom of the year. Forget that classless waste who asks strangers for _______s when he's drunk. He can't handle a real woman that's why he is with ugly youngsters. I think Ed wrote The Shape of You thinking of you! Forget him as your love and find someone who won't humiliate you and deserves your love.
Courtney such a b****she doesn't even deserve Scott
Now that Scott is where she always wanted him to be and she's over him. That's so sad. I wish they'd fall in love again.  Kids love seeing thier parents together
893 ppl can't take real Music.
My friend sent me one of your songs and shes really religious  and a (good girl) who you wouldnt expect to listen to this stuff but when she sent it i thiught of great its some religious rap bullshit and then i listened to it and im fucking trapped in a hole of fucking awesomeness
This is fucking great to see this buddy grow😄 fav rapper/inspiration
eminem jr. like bars REAL MUSIC, Real life shit
Maybe if we lived in a world where Eminem didn't exist... Just another Eminem wanna be. Even his body movements are the same
Nah I don't wanna blend in with you little rappin idiots .... he saved himself 😂
Dam he killed it with word play. Fucking awesome.
Wow. I'm actually speechless. Shook. Love every single one of your songs tons but this one might have to be my favorite. SO MUCH RESPECT
This guy is the next slim shady
I like hate rap but dude this has changed me I love this music
Why does he sound like Eminem
He saved me from killing my self
He definitely wants to be Eminem but I like it
I started listening to NF many years ago, he should be big by now.
god damn!!!! first I've heard of NF.....fire!!!!
His music is the realist
He should have hit 10,000,000 a long time ago.
I literately screamed bloody murder and got tears in meh eyes when I saw this in meh feed. Not saying Nate is my therapist but Nate is meh therapist. xD
I love NF he’s so awesome 😎😎😎your so littttttttt Nate 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I love nf, his songs he talks about real life that I can relate with, and his words have change me life. Thank you keep on doing what you doing.
*2 years ago*\nFriend: He's so handsome. He should take that sweater off and show his face more.\nMe: It's called fashion, Linda. Stop being jealous.\nBut fr this new album is killer!
Absolutely incredible, a job well done is a huge understatement
Glad to see NF make it to the trending tab congrats Nathan
He reminds me of Eminem. (No it's not because he's white)
Nf always makes us stop what we're doing!!But it's worth it!! What a great song!!
Wack.\n\nLittle ninja sounds like eminem. \nHe could be ems ghost Wright,\n\nBut he's never gonna break through sounding exactly like em.\n\nYour done fucked.\n\nHave a nice life.\nGood luck.\nJust my opinion
No language that’s swaggyy
Is it just me or it sounds like the movie saw got me wondering
If Eminem didn't run out of topics to rap out...
Holy shit this guy is good
Check out my music I promise no dossapointment
He’s like another hopsin 👀
Don't see what the hype is about
I love this song because I can relate to this and it really helps me thanks NF
he is so real and honest, i love it.
That's how a rapper should rap for a sec I thought he's eminem
next better version of eminem
One of the greatest . I love that he is bringing story telling and emotion back. Dont get me wrong, club music has its place but I love a songna can listen to several times and still pick up somthing new!
Where the fuck have I been 🤦‍♂️
Been Round Since His Moments Album. Like If You Been Round Since Day 1.
863 dislikes or people who have no taste for real music
Put the caution tape around me like I did in intro 1 got me reminiscing now \nDamn.
We never doubted you for s second nf..keep being you
It took him to long to become popular
Nf come to denver!!! Fan from the jump. Litterally goose bumbs thru the whole song whooooo!!🔥🔥🔥🔥
But I need a fire extinguisher 🔥 🔥 🔥
He is like the son of emenim
Who the heck is disliking this? like you need to get ur head checked
I relate to you so much.
This dude should've blown up about 3 years ago. I seriously don't understand the music industry sometimes
if i didn't saw the video i'll say this is Eminem who sings cuz the flow and the voice are very similar or it's just me !
I didn't really understand the whole painted joker smile thing but now I get it; people tell him he needs to smile more and be more positive, but to him that feels fake because that's not how life works. He thinks that THEY are the ones with fake smiles. He's trying to reflect what it looks like to him.
I can relate to so much in this song, coming from someone with Asperger's.
It's so satisfying when you started out listening to real raw songs and it evolves into a yearly therapy visit that solves all your problems
I have some really bad news. . . NF\n\n\n\n\nYou have BUG EYES!
Oh man this is fire and he knows how to do it plus he my favorite rapper
This is some 🔥 ass music!!! Eminem who? You are extremely talented!💪💪💪💪💪💪🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟☝☝☝☝☝
everyone's been comparing his flow to eminems, but tbh NF flow is nothing like eminems. NF may get aggressive and sound like eminem but their two different people with different flows, bests voices, style, story. Eminem may have been his inspiration but NF is definitely doing his own thing so just chill with the eminem comparison.
The fact that he doesn't even need to curse in order to express himself is impressive. It takes a special skill!🔥NF
1 million in less than a week. We gaining! Real music till the day I die✊
this shit what he's talking about is me like a lot of people hate me at school and they come in my business
NF keep it real spit knowledge and truth
NF has gotten me through times. But not rough times. Just times you have to deal with in life. Like depression. I have depression. Worst then everyone. I was the kid to always jump around the law. Everything i did was wrong. Honestly juvenile woke me up. I mean when puberty hits. It hits you hard.
1M views ayyy
Eminem V2??
You’re beautiful
Nice😋
Gonna reach 1 million soon.
Next Eminem probably
Trending page 🔥🔥
Awesome!
Reminds me of Eminem.
I like it sparky
love  it
https://youtu.be/B2ofEPHDQWs
this is kinda trash
remind me of a wona b eminem..he good doe
Reminds me of eminem
Greatest rapper all time so underrated tho
Corny af
OUTCAST PRIDE!!
is nf still Christian
NF is amazing!
nice song
5/5 Golden Girls
Anger
Yes Brother, Yes!
This shit go hard asf 🔥
IFEELINDIZ!
He sounds sooooooo much like Eminem!!!!
♡
eyy check my souncloud let me know what yall think \nhttps://soundcloud.com/lukelivesforever/love-me-prod-bricks-on-da-beat
“Never putting out trash” MISSION FAILED
New fan💗🤤
What I see, is a whiny bitch who would sell out a friend for 1000 dollars in an instant and he would reply with I couldn't do anything else they put me in a corner just to get up in the game. You seem fake asf boi. Gtfo. Your content is shallow and holds no value lmao. Good luck tho
This song doesn't speak to me. The sound isn't all that impressive to me. NF is a good rapper, but this song isn't that great tbh
He's like Eminem and Logics's retarded child
They should make a teens and adult react of NF🔥🔥
Who has been listening since mansion
Hey you guys think he's really standing on a moving car or it's fake. I feel like he would do that.
Very interesting. Being Muslim and European I feel I've spent a lot of time thinking about the places where Islam and Christianity and Judaism intersect, thinking about different ways of looking at the proverbial mountain. There are multiple times when little kids have asked me 'eres monja?' meaning 'are you a nun?' because of my hijab. Or family members have asked whether halal is the same as kosher, or if lent is the same as Ramadan. In Islam, we believe that the three religions are a continuation of each other, they were sent to us in that order so that they could complete each other, across history we followed the message of the same god through different prophets, Abraham Moses Jesus Mohammed. Imam Ali has this great quote that says 'a person is either your brother in religion or your equal in humanity' and more people need to live by that\n\nSorry for the rant, it just saddens me that there is so much division between muslims, between believers, and between people :/
I have never heard of the Overton Window, but I love that it has a name that I can go and get more info on. I definitely believe in that concept but didn't have a word for it. There are some unshakeable truths in my life, but most things I love getting other perspectives on. \nAlso that drink at the end made me crave hot chocolate so thanks for that lol
so interesting! would love for you to talk specifics & unpack this at some point :)
Wow! very interesting idea! I think I'm going to do and research this idea further... thank you :)
so articulate, love your vids and the food for thought
I love your creativity, balance, intellect. Really enjoyed your last few vids in particular, with views on this, and what it is to be british, etc. All the best to you. :)
Was the theologian in hot pants Marika Rose?
Wonderful video! Great concise thoughts for us to mull over! Thank you for sharing. I love the mountain analogy and am definitely looking that up.
I think you'd find Dr. Jordan Peterson really interesting! ❤️️
Ahhhhh how refreshing to hear!  There’s so much to learn from in what you said in terms of how to listen to people of a different view to you! 👏🏻 Never heard of the Overton window before but will read up more on it.\n\nIf you have time, I’d highly recommend listen to a theologian called Michael Ramsden. Namely his one on whether Christianity is intolerant. (Clearly coming from a Christian perspective). The entire talk is interesting, but in responding to a question in the Q&A ( see 52:20 onwards) he unpacks a particular Oxford study on freedom of speech and the capacity to disagree which I think you might find interesting.\n\n(Please do inbox me your thoughts! Or if you find it intriguing enough, make a video!) ❤️
Hmm that mountain part made me think of Impressionism. As a creative, I think a lot about whom I'm trying to communicate with. I've been obsessed with thinking about the the lay viewer instead of professionals and colleagues. Got me thinking again!
Love this idea and love Greenbelt, are you going next year? I should be 🙌🏻
I think thinking i like your thinking, however overton windows? they are too basic. Saying RACISM is one, but that's too simple to me. This may be because i was a scientist, but in my opinion i think it's too basic a term. one key on my keyboard is broken and you will see which one in a moment. i heard the saying minorities are no problem for people until they become the magority (yes i know it's not spelt with a g!) and i think to understand or be wrong about something one has to delve deeper into the cause of that group of ideas. As far as i can tell it is very instinctive and in our DNA to appease evolution, evolution is unsurpasable..one can not override it with logic or environment or education. parts of evolution never leave our brains, and that part is the part we should look at. EVen the FEAR element behind racism is a massive indicator of things. I think , yes we can be prepared to be wrong, btu we must be prepared to delve much deeper into the whys not just the result to figure out how best to tackle this in society and come to an understanding with other people on earth. it may be unshakeable..but that does NOT excuse you from delving deeper, these people still have valid feelings, regardless of how utterly distasteful they are to us, and understanding more can be the key to actually changing things. it is so easy to dismiss fear based reactions, like the gun owning argument (yes i know it is more complicated) and bombing another country on account of a group of individual's actions and justifying it using blame factors like religion ro such to then make it seem like the whole country are terrorists in order to dispense bombs that rip civilians apart. and the others throwing their hands up in despair and grief at the actions. look into the actiual origin of the thinking to find the clues. these things are too big to generalise.
I'm basically persuadeable on anything relating to what istrue.\n\nIt's a few of the fundamental ought questions that I'm firm in.
Freaking L O V E  Greenbelt! Hope you had an ace time xoxoxo
this was so crazily mind-opening.\nthank you for this monologue!
I wish more people would be like you, Leena!
Very interesting concept  I've been thinking about this lately without knowing how to name it :) Lots of love from Luxembourg
have a good time
i've missed your videos like this, this was so interesting, tysm!!
I'm not religious. I'm open to spiritual concepts and metaphysical musings, though after 55 orbits around the sun, I've seen and heard most arguments. \nBut like you, I have some non-negotiables. Racism, homophobia - prejudice in general which is based on fear, I am unpersuadable (I think I just made that word up) when it comes to what my conscience dictates on such matters.  People are people, and I abjectly refuse to entertain biases based on what someone is. They are a person, that's what. If I have to judge someone, I want to base it on _who_ they are, not what.
This is very true. With the whole birth control thing going down in the US I got into a couple of twitter discussions and it was really interesting to see the way different people would have different levels of flexibility around the discussion, and also the way a lot of people would cling to an absolutist viewpoint. I talked to a lady who had the general view of 'This shouldn't be included in healthcare because sex not for procreation is immoral' and I suggested that most people using birth control are married with children, and should surely be able to enjoy sex within their lawful loving all-american marriage without risking pregnancy every time... and she said no. Much of the arguments were incredibly hyperbolic on both sides, but that particular instance really stood out as someone who probably didn't really believe what they were saying, but would not budge from their principle. \n\nThere's a book called 'The Righteous Mind' by John Haidt and it looks at why so many of us (myself included a lot of the time) refuse to budge from our political and religious standpoint even when presented with ideas that do make sense. It gives an insight into why Trump supporters are still on board and why the media on both sides has a lot to answer for, it's not the most engaging read, and it's from 2012 so it's a little outdated BUT it's definitely a valuable resource.
♡
Fabulous thoughts, as always <3
1st one
So just to add to the concepts in this video, the thing about the mountain actually is kind of making another point as well - that even if you're sitting on one side of the mountain and seeing one thing and someone else is seeing something entirely different on the other side, you're both still looking at the same mountain, and neither of you are wrong. The mountain of course being an allegory for life, the universe, right and wrong etc, the point is that just because you absolutely cannot see another person's point of view, doesn't mean the point isn't valid and real from where they're standing! I think it's a really interesting metaphor that can help you view the world more dynamically! Sincerely, Grew Up In A HIGHLY Philosophical Household
trending with 2.8k views 🤔\n\nSo anyways I did watch the video, interesting concept \n\njust curious how do you feel about islam? You were saying how you went to the islam workshop tents which is great\n\nbut then you said that sexism was no way in your overton window, meaning that you will never entertain the idea of sexism (also great)\n\nbut then sexism is actually deeply routed in the islamic culture, exhibit 1: Saudi arabia only just allowed women to drive, in 2017, thats bonkers right? I cant think of anything MORE sexist \n\nDid they mention any of this in the talks? Not trying to hate whatsoever, just interested on everyones opinion on this matter
This is why it bugs me when we're separated into two and only two groups (left and right or whatever). It makes it harder to find my neighbors.
Be Vegan cause using animals as products is shit.
This is such an interesting idea that I've really been thinking about a lot recently! Greenbelt always gives me fresh perspectives on the way I live my life and how to better myself. FYI I think I was stood next to you at Newton Faulkner's set but wasn't sure enough that it was you to say hey...so hey now I guess!
🏔️
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here ➜ greensshort.com/giftcardsgiveaway?830114924
Who's here before 1 MILLION??? \nPut hands up 🙃  I don't care P!nk  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
Pink is a man
Awesome song as always pink hooked already to both the newbies. Can't wait for next year 😜
not my usual genre. nonetheless, beautiful song by pink well done :-)
Wow I love this song. She never fails to make great music
I've been listening to this nonstop for the past 5 days since its release and AHHHH THE AESTHETIC KILLS ME EVERYTIME I CAN'T\n\nThis is BEAUTIFUL.
I dont really get the meaning of this song tho i love it so much.
0:03 OMG I LOVE THIS SONG
Such an amazing song ... I love P!NK... ❤❤❤❤
People commenting about how it sounds like this song or that song, and for once I had to listen really hard to catch those parts--I'm too distracted by the lyrics ❤️❤️❤️
Waited so long for this :)
Love the video, it's so artsy.\nIt takes two to make relationship work. It does not work one way. Guys are good to make a woman blame for there fall outs. Otherwise i guess i like this song. I Love PINK either way.
and you keep inspiring people all over the world. Keep doing it, luv u 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
My boyfriend & I are okay, now it feels like we aren't.
This stuff is hot 🔥
And another song that makes you feel life and love... perfection..
Cant Wait for Eminem n Pink Revenge Song to drop!!
This and beautiful trama needs videos now
It ia good song. PINK really does have a great voice!
Can't wait for the BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA TOUR ❤❤💕PINKS THE BEST!!!!😊😊💖
I feel this song so much now
I love this song and p!nk she never fails to produce amazing music. Can't wait for the album
Hi I am your 1# fan😇😇😇😍😍😍😙☺
I love this new song 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I wish i could see you live <3 please come to amsterdam.
i love the songs of Pink!
I thought it was Just Like Fire at first play haha
I love this song. Déjà vu
P!nk is the best ( from morocco) ❤
This is amazing Xx
You never cease to amaze me with those perfectly timed albums =( man is this so goddamn relatable. I cannot put into words how on point this is but *big hugs* we pull through always. keep fighting!
Im praying that Just Like Fire is gonna be on her new album!
I'M WAITING FOR HER COLABORATION WITH EMINEM !!!
Pink sounds sometimes like Taylor Swift in this song
I love this Song P!NK, I would one concert in ROME
@eloisa290 i love your art in this video!
THIS IS THE P!NK I ben waiting to hear from this Album!!!!!!
I love Pink's music... <3 You are an inspire to me.
The front part sounds like Taylor Swift's style
I cant wait anymore. I wanna lissen beautiful trauma album.\nI love p!nk & her voice.\nI d like to lissen P!nk & Kelly Clarkson duet :)
I'm so in love with Pink's new music like her words are stronger than before
Oh wow play it at 1.25x times. It sounds so so different
who's here before 1M?
i hate gays, but love pink.
Can't wait for the album!
This song is so fu..... brilliant!👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽love it💘
I have no idea what this song is about and why is it in my recommendation but this music is hella good. I'm so buying this album
Love Pink! Hope she will release a remix / remixes of this song. A remix with music of InXS style would be nice.
Feel like this song calls back to her earlier stuff while bringing in new elements from her newer stuff. it's got a great vibe
Soooooo excited for you to get to Washington!  This will be fun event.
P¡nk always makes me want to go on with my life. \nBeautiful
This reminds me so much of her older music <3
The lyrics! 😱😍 this is a masterpiece.
I love this girl the way she sings and the way she is.
After all these years she still rocking it...😉
Wow! It's incredible that this song describe perfectly my relationship with my sister and our family situation. And we are just two, my mom and my cat! Thank you P!NK for be my friend and be in the hardest moments through your songs. I love you gurl!
PINK - Whatever You Want Karaoke Instrumental Acoustic Piano Cover Lyrics  http://ecut.it/Pjq0o
Do You Wanna Come Over? 😂😂
This is true pink that keeps getting it even though how long she’s gone always keeping it real!❤️👍😁😍
I LOVE THIS SONG... if only my mum could listen to it... she loved pink and... she died when I was 6 and now I think that since she watches over my family so she will here this when I listen to it... She was a big big big fan she would’ve loved this song
PINK YOUR MY LIFE I WISH I COULD MEET YOU IN PERSON YOUR MUSIC IS MY LIFE THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING 😍😭🙂
Running like a dog\nFighting like a bitch too much\nAnd you just can't stand it, baby\nEven when I fall\nYou don't seem to give two shits\n'Cause you're just too cool, baby\nWe could have it all\nNeither one of us would budge\n'Cause we can't be wrong, baby\nFolding up your arms, closing up your heart\n\nI know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause I want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know we must believe\nOr fall apart\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\n\nTrying to get a breath\nThinkin' 'bout the time you said that I was your heart, baby\nTrynna understand how a grown man goes on without a body part, baby\nI could walk away\nI could always cash my chips and I'd be okay, baby\nI would be okay, and you might be okay\n\nOh, I know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause you want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know you must believe\nYou're enough for me\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do\n\nWhoever said that love was sweet\n(Drank a little too much whiskey, baby)\nWhoever said that life was easy\n(Never lived anywhere near me)\nI wouldn't change a thing\n'Cause you're the one I wanna sink with\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough\n\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh
I just can't turn it off.👍👍👍💓💓💓
♫❤♫ ❤❤ME❤❤RA❤❤VI❤❤GLIO❤❤SA❤ ❤
💞💞💞
❤️
DISAMBIGUATION...........
BILLBOARDS HERE WE COME
Hello everyone \nThis Saturday I Will release my first reacting video on the New album from P!nk. Subscribe on my channel! Look here the trailer: https://youtu.be/oDlnNAFMh3Q\n\nSee You soon!
Unlike most singers, years pass and you keep being  amazing!!
Don't get me wrong, i love pink. But am i the only one that thinks that the music in the beginning sounds like just like fire?
The best song 👍👍👍
Love this song ❤😍
https://www.boombang.nl
😍😍😍😍😍😍
♥👄♥👏
INLOVE.
Finally. This is awesome
😍😍😍
Beautiful!!! 😍😍😍
Awesome song, def!n!tely another b!g h!t. Great mus!c v!deo! keep!ng !t s!mple P!nk
nice
Love it too
Never had suck a fellings sing
so good!
😍
♥♥♥♥
La música, llenguatge universal - Music, universal language.
OMG, best of 2017 ?
1 mil. views already
P!nk arrasa demais. PELAMORDEDEUS!!
Love this
The Best!  💕💕💕
sounds like Just Like Fire
#TÜRKLERHERYERDE
I love it!
2030?😂
Running like a dog\nFighting like a bitch too much\nAnd you just can't stand it, baby\nEven when I fall\nYou don't seem to give two shits\n'Cause you're just too cool, baby\nWe could have it all\nNeither one of us would budge\n'Cause we can't be wrong, baby\nFolding up your arms, closing up your heart\n\nI know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause I want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know we must believe\nOr fall apart\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\n\nTrying to get a breath\nThinkin' 'bout the time you said that I was your heart, baby\nTrynna understand how a grown man goes on without a body part, baby\nI could walk away\nI could always cash my chips and I'd be okay, baby\nI would be okay, and you might be okay\n\nOh, I know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause you want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know you must believe\nYou're enough for me\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do\n\nWhoever said that love was sweet\n(Drank a little too much whiskey, baby)\nWhoever said that life was easy\n(Never lived anywhere near me)\nI wouldn't change a thing\n'Cause you're the one I wanna sink with\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough\n\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh
Whoever dislikes this ily 💖 bc I hate this song to
Make slime
Fuckin Thomas Sanders
Anyone else think Sanders Sides???
you look so good with curly hair !
Hi are you live
Hi I'm new
lmao the guys mind vs the girls
Inside out
THOSE EDITING SKILLS THO
*coouuugghh* InSiDe oUt *coouuugghh*
Hi x
LIVE STREAM SQUAD
SOOOOOO FUUUUNNNNNEEHHHH
Lysmm
Live stream squad 😜✌😻
Came from live
ON LIVE Stream
I loveeeeee your videos
Hi love u ❤️
hi
Hi
Came from the livestream 💓💓✨
Hi
love you
Hiiiiiiiii
Hello
Hiii
I love you
COMMENT
i liked isacc better
STRESS
InsideOut who?? haha
Loveeee 😘
She has 139 unread messages
I love stresses hair
God you’re curvy
Love you channel
Hi
Please do a your brain vs your crush's brain?
LOL that green screen fail with Tyler
I literally have the same shirt as Optimism. :-)
my name is tyler
Hi i love you so much
Omg the hair for “stress” is on point😍👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼😍😍
I don’t know any puns but heyyyy
I just on your live on insta  here is a pun the Sheavel was a great invention but everyone was below and use a leaf blower
you based the video of the merell twins video
Ok who else loves rachel with short hair
how did she style her hair for the stress character?? it's cute lol
I miss the old Rachel
Who else just came back from Rachel’s Insta live?
what do you call a mess of cats\n\n\n\na catrosety
I would tell you a pun but God says to rest on punday
Hi I'm on ur live there finally making a movie about clocks it's about time
I would tell you a donut joke but I donut know any
Why didnt the roofer have a wife? Because he was a shingle man. HAHHAA
Yesterday and clown held the door for me. I thouth it was a nice jester
From the live stream
Love you so much😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Hi Rachel I get to see you live I’m really happy because I have different time zones as you because I live in England love you Rachel hope you reach 20M one day!  💗🌙👻
Live stream squad where u at❤❤❤❤💙💙💙💚💚💚💛💛💛💜💜💜💟💟💟💟
The live stream sent me ❤️xx
Hey rachel love u . U and tyler make a good couple
Hi I came From ur live 🛑
Came here from live can I please be the comment of the hour I love you so so so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love you Rachel. You do amazing content videos!
Love the vid Rachel xx
i turned on the bell and liked
I love you ı come from your live
more vids with Tylerrrrrr (i mean ik u have a joint channel with him, derek and Caoimhe but ..still)
i remember when i used to have school crushes oh the good old days now i have an everlasting crush on park jimin
I really like Stresses hair she should do her hair like that all the time.
Stress's hair was the best
I'm so confused right now anyone else
Why is stress actually my favorite?😂💕
Inside out all along❤
I love ur videos u are my idol
It’s like sander sides
...you don't know that. 😂😂😂
Idk why but I ended up looking at all those other messages
Everyone sub to ricegum
Nice video, Rachel ;)
Hello .. initially It looks like  pretty   fantastic!reszpt  damage   8)
Boys version pleaaassssseeeeeeeeeee
I love confidence😂😂😂
Tyler’s part killed me 😂
Omg my and Tyler have the same pinky fingers!!!!!
I love your videos!!!😘😘😘\nI came from the live!
Is it me or did her views kinda drop ?
When Confidence is non existent up there
I'm a mixture of offended, conscience, confidence, optimism, and sometimes literal.
I like the distraction one cuz that’s me 24/- wai what was I saying? 🤷‍♀️
you could do your brain vs your teacher
Were you trying to recreate inside out cause that's all I could think about
who else thinks that rachel has naturally started to make trendy videos on youtube?
That's so cool how did you do that Rachel
Super video
i think my confidence person in my head is dead
is it just me or does anyone think she looks like the gabbyshow?
If blue eyes is recessive, then it would actually be 25%...
2:41 Do i sense a bit of a LOGANGSTER??
Your Dad is a YouTube sensation, but your mum is a legend! Hope all goes well, can't wait for your next vlog
Do you have any body fat!?\n\n\n\n\nMy parents work for the BBC
I LOVE YOUR DAD SO MUCH 😂💙
I'm pretty sure swimming a 200m butterfly is way tougher than gymnastics itself.
First day at The gym today😄 my hands are ruined #nopainnogain
Your dad is absolutely grand 😂 x
7:46 That moment when Nile actually mentions Chile and Tomas Gonzales which is one of the very few professional athlets we have in our country :D So proud that he made it to the final
your dad is so amazing
Nile, do you play Destiny on PS4?!!!!
got to catch the end of the world championships saw your high bar and floor routine.
NILE Are u a JAKE PAULER \nI am \nOr a LOGANG
Nile Wilson congratulations with your all-around 6 place .........and max congratulations with your first place on the voltige ...... and courtney with 8 place rings
Great video.\nVery proud of you guys 👍
Your dad is a legend
More dad vlogs
Can you do a tour of your gym please
I love your body
I love you Nile you are my idole you are the best gymnast
The gymnastique is Beautiful ❤️🤸🏻‍♀️
Nile's pecs are so round and perfect
I'm rooting for you all. Smash it!
Sally if you keep saying heather or maurv!!
I watched you on TV yesterday in Japan👍👏✨
Every time I hear that intro I'm like totally in another world 💁😂😂
Your positivity is really like sunshine .... love how u say just to enjoy in a competition.... will keep that in mind always
Omg i wish I could be like you\nYou are an inspiration
Smash it Nile I now u will !!!!!!
It's your big day! #NileWilson
Chilean guy’s name is Tomás Gonzalez, best gymnast we’ve ever had! And yeah, he deserved to qualify 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻 🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱
I say we start a KICKSTARTER so this guy can afford a shirt.
your dad is pretty good at vlogging
Stayed up to watch every championship xoxox 😊😊😊❤
Gladiator music on litlle part before the end...nice element ;)
Your Dad is an actual legend #dadcam
Your dad is the biggest DILF. He looks like james bond.
Your dad is a YouTube sensation. Viral you tuber. He is actually so much like Nile.
For Halloween, you and your family should go to a haunted house and film it. 😁😁
your high bar routine was off the chain!!!!
6th in the WORLD. Congrats Nile!!!!!
I'm American, but because of Nile, I find myself rooting for GB more than USA
I was there watching on Tuesday and when he like pointed out the floor and let them all go again I was so confused but I've never seen them do that before
YouTube sensation is just yes good luck Nile your going to smash it
Best of luck - your dad is possibly my favourite
Love that rib tattoo, fits your body so well
Lets Go Nile.  Cool vid, your dad with the bandana...LOL   Keep it going at the competition GOOD LUCK !
It's the YouTube sensation 😂😂
YAS Canadian squad where u at!
OMG your dad is dad goals! Literally so funny
All the best mate, respect for having such a supportive family  , makes a massive  difference
Your dad needs his own channel 😂😂 I love him 😍
Wishing you all the best
Its UR BIG DAY logan
Nile Wilson--The Son of a You Tube Sensation!
This week has been super exciting!  Thanks so much for the photo!  I even got to meet your dad!
I'm a YouTube sensation I cry every time from laughter
GO TEAM CANADA!...GO TEAM GREAT BRITAIN!
Edit: Nile's mom: Put that bloody camera away\n\nNeil: Im a vlogger!\n\nⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝ\nNeil should start a youtube channel😂😂😂\nⓨⓞⓤⓣⓤⓑⓔ ⓢⓔⓝⓢⓐⓣⓘⓞⓝ #NeilWilson
you and max are bomb asf
Hi Nile my name is grace. You are my hero 💪🏻 you motivate my to do this incredible sport🤸‍♂️. I saw you and jo in Asda . I was to pussy to come see you 🙁 biggest mistake of my life ❤️😞 I go to gym magic in Leeds go Leeds !!! You are my ideal 👌🏻👌🏻 I hope 🤞 I see you at gym fest 😂 creep smashing it plezzz reply love ❤️ from grace 😂😂😂😂💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻😂😂😂tran smart creep it reel 😲😍💪🏻🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♂️
nile wilson well done  I don't care if you didn't get a medal you done amazing.
And now Ragan Smith is out too :(
No, YOU are the sunshine in my life.❤️
Good luck
LOVE YOUR PARENTS ☝️😂
Come on
Love you
Nice good job
Are you lokking at Lgan Paul???
Fantastic nile Wilson
You got this nile
Where are his nipples?
You are so inspiring
Nile ur highbar was nuts bro, well done, u deserved better than 6th!!
amazing athletes these lot
Go nile!!!!
NILE you did soooooo awesome last night
Tiniest nipples I've ever seen Neil
#41 on trending!
ya arms look bigger nile!!!
Dads a beast hahah
#nl
‘Come on Sally!’
Gd luck
I like your muscularity
im a levle 6 in gymnastics
Does anyone know if Nile is going to the 2018 Commonwealth games?
Honestly never cheered so much watching you compete today Nile! Smashed it!!! You've done yourself and the entire country so proud xx
You are so inspirational, I started watching you at the beginning of july and I got so motivated to stretch and work on my handsprings and tucks, and eating healthier and in a week I'm trying out for cheer team, wish me good luck, and keep up on the good work!
Hi Nile, well done on the competition my wife and I were away on holiday and managed to find time to watch you a fantastic effort. My daughter Sophie is current doing gymnastics and has got to a point where she is now doing competitions. However now she is receiving pressure from her coaches she is starting to find it alot harder. I used you as an example to how good she could be one day a she loves you to bits (she's is 8 and she is not aloud to like boys lol) is there anyway you could if her a few words of encouragement and explain that her coaches are just trying to encourage her to get better and better. Thank you Nile
Why were niles hands orange around 4:16? Hahah
What’s the intro song?
Wooooo go Niall ps I actually love your dad so much he’s hilarious
So u gonna get bram to join your challenges some time?
I swear I could hear your dad when I was watching the stream.
Nile, it is very interesting to watch you compete. You are very different during competitions. Quite intimidating to watch. I'm so used to seeing this sweet funny guy on YouTube and then during competitions, I watch you stare down the Pommel Horse like you're gonna murder it (who doesn't want to murder pommels tbh). Congrats on your sixth place finish in the AA. Incredible work!
What colour is your hair?
Hi Nile, maybe you're not even going to see this comment but, here goes nothing...\nEven tho I'm a girl who has nothing to do with gymnastics, I'm totally amazed by the effort and hard work that you put everyday into becoming not only a better gymnast but a better businessman, a better person and a better mentor/trainer. \nSince I suffer from depression, your videos have been motivating me (not with gymnastics but in life) for the past weeks and you have made me realize that I am the only one who decides if I want to give up on things or not and you've teached me a different perspective of life... Anyways, I love watching your videos and you're and really handsome guy haha\nI just truly wanted to get it out of my chest, lots of love from a German fan :) xx
Been smashing your videos this weekend, great distraction from doing my work. Great work with your recovery. Can you answer a question for me? How wide do you have you Parallel Bars. I'm using paraletts and figure I should be setting to the same width.
Where did those guys get the sweet King Kohei t-shirts??
That's the cutest Video on Youtube omg i can't❤❤❤
How don’t you know what black pudding is it’s a very famous english breakfast
You 2 are the best dog owners on yt
i loved the vid but.. WAT SONG WAS THAT!!11!!!
If I look up that image will it trigger my trypophobia
Its made with pigs blood :)
Your sag has more followers than me lol
I love Miles’ personality!
am I the only that was totally freaking out because Eva had velvet shorts on in the tub😫
I am getting one of those dogs
where are your earings from
Wait is she really moving to Hawaii???
Btw I think I’m gonna name my child Hanalei \n(Sorry if I spelled it wrong)
Your puppy is so cute
I love menudo but we make the tripe with soup and some corn. I've never heard of the black thing
Eva M A R R Y that man 😂❤️❤️❤️
Who was scared when you had your first bath xD
Eva bf and eva dog and eva are family goals
It's pigs blood lol
is is made with pig blood
Lmao 1dt video I watched, I went to basic training with a guy named Malunay gave me memories, dope dog, take care guys
how many people looked up what tripe, i did. don't recommend.
EVA YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL ✨🌹
omg I remember black pudding from the dolans video where they ate weird foods from every country they went to!!
I honestly love tripe it's really good
I just had menudo for breakfast hahahahaha, it’s the most common thing here in México
whats the song on the plane
Black pudding is pigs blood😂 Ive tried it before cause my dad is British and it is totally disgusting so I feel you girl.... love you!!!!❤❤❤❤
In my country we eat menudo or the pig's tongue🇲🇽
jesus everything is goals on your channel
Black Pudding is made of pig's blood. Love you guys and your puppy!
Gosh darn it. You guys are such goals. Now I want to have a puppy child with my boyfriend. I cry every time.
Hack: dogs are used to swimming in colder water not warm or hot so use colder water.
In Spain we call it 'Morcilla' and is made of pork's blood
It’s made out of pig fat
Awww she knows you really love her :> 💚
Black pudding is rice and [pigs] blood. It's a delicacy in England, mostly in Lancashire.
I WISH my dog was this calm in the tub omg my dog freaks out every time !
aww when you were washing her, her fur looked like coconut shavings
Its made with goat blood hope you can sleep now
U haven't done a Halloween video 🎃👻😢
lol it's pigs blood
They are using fish blood
Black pudding is very popular in Scotland. I enjoy it!
Where did you get the name Hanalei? It's so unusual and unique I love it !!
Black pudding has pigs blood in it
It's made out of pigs blood
Fuck Americans treat dogs like their own.
tripe is a normal thing in my culture that a lot of people love lol
Dude my family and I eat tripe all the time and we put it in soup so you can’t taste the tripe 100%. But I like it honestly
Oow to be continued... I can't wait! 😄😄😄❤
I’m a Filipino and my grandmother makes THE best dinuguan and menudo!
I love all the positivity in the comment section 😌😌
I would looveeee to see how you do your everyday makeup!! Can you do a makeup tutorial?
Pigs blood, it’s pigs blood
Eva is so freaking amazing I swear I don't get how people say she doesn't care about her fans like where???
Eva and Adam are like relationship goals like really don’t any of y’all think ❤️💙💚love you Eva 🌷
I HOOE YOU GUYS HAVE A BEAUTIFUL LIFE TOGETHER
Literally my dog when taking a bath
I live in Poland and that bag that she gave Adam I KNOW IT and I HAVE IT soooo enjoy does Adam and they are soooooo good
Black pudding is made from pig blood. I loved it when I went to Ireland and England! To me, it tastes like sausage.
Black pudding is made of pigs blood and rice, it’s gross. Xxx eva your beautiful
I Love Your Channel 😃😄
Adam should make a YouTube if he doesn’t already have one
Are you half Filipino?
It's pigs blood
Flavor? Hopefully she didn’t eat it
in Jamaica we eat tripe and beans! :)
*puppy's
DINUGUAN! HAHAHAHHA FILIPINA REPRESENTTT 🇵🇭
#YOUTUBER GOALS.13:16
my dog hates baths
Does she wear wigs?
I smiledthe whole time idk why
Yayyyy! Eva is back!
ummmmmm adam stealin evas vlog camera I see
soggy puppy :3
Black Pudding is disgusting it has salt, pig's blood.\n(pinhead) oatmeal.\ndiced pork fat \nyellow onion, \n milk.\nfreshly ground black pepper.\n allspice.
CUTEEEE!!!!🐶😍
I have a golden retriever and if you use baby shampoo, it doesn't dry out their skin and it males them smell really good
In love with Hanalei 💕
search svið in google images. ur welcome
BLACK PUDDING. Hanalei is so adorable ❤
💗💗💗💗💗
pig blood
cute pupper :3 <3 ty for the smiles ^.^
Hey dinugoan and menudo taste so good though😂 why!? Why eva whyyy?! 😂😂😂
nice
Blood sausage
I think pig blood
Whats hanaleis Instagram?? Also MORE PUPPY VIDEOS OR I WONT BE HAPPY
She is amazing!
Puppy's
Funny :)) XD
17:09 she looks like camila cabello😍
BLACK PUDDING💖
Is she filipino?
Did @/angelsforeva get deleted?
I wish i was hanalei
yall so masculine.
prediction, there is no mention of lootboxes, micro transactions, or how the true ending is locked behind tons of grinding that can be conveniently skipped by buying lootboxes.\nin a $60 single player game\nprediction affirmed.
I hate watching people like this play games because they never take them seriously, and it’s just not entertaining to watch
I'm sorry, I have already checked 'moosehead'
I'm starting to miss Conan rating system.
Amazing gameplay and Conan u rick
Trying so hard not to laugh at this video in the office. I'm trying to mask it as sneezes. \nI kind of like the idea that not all orcs have that gruff voice. Maybe he is a lesser orc. OK, now I just sound classist. \n\nGiven the current controversies around this game I'm not even sure if I will buy it. Maybe I'll buy it when it's $20 which is in 2-3 years. I don't mind the wait. So many good games coming out soon.
Why is assassins creed combat so popular it's so boring
The real clueless gamer is the one that buys this loot box hell.\nSha pow 💃
I want to see Coco play some Destiny
I was the thousand dislike :D
I am not watching this only to say picked a good game for review
if only conan would dedicate his life to video games he could make a great career out of being a funny youtube  let's player.
Tf, it's not even out yet
Does this game has online multiplayer or something like that ?
Pleas do one for Bendy and the Ink Machine. :D
am I the only one who wants conan's voice in this game
Is it sad i bought the gold edition for 100 dollars
hi mike, how hard are u gonna fck us with ur microtransactions?
I know this is clueless gamer and all but come on Conan, really? Are you really that daft?
i just got the game...........i really hope i incounter that orc........have him as my ally for comic relief lol
I was worried after the Cuphead episode, but now clueless gamer is back!
Disapointed by the radical change of Clueless Gamer... It used to be much more fun with Aaron.
You sir will make a fine addition to my army
I want Conan to play Star Wars Battlefront II.
This is how Clueless Gamer should be. The comedy is there, and the game is there. The previous most recent CG videos were disappointing. This one makes up for them.
lol, another reason to dislike this game.
conan u are the best/
voice needs effects,  they need to patch that asap. shameful.
This video is an insult to all gamers, rip
Ugh! I've been waiting SO long!!! Kumail's great and it's awesome he got to be one of the VAs for this game!!!
Conan won't save this game. Shadow of Microtransactions
After so many episodes, is he really clueless anymore?
i liked his voice acting...
Yeah. No way is that how Kumail is implemented in the game. It's only for this segment. Ergh.
Is kumail actually in the game or did the show add it for comedy
Sounds more like a ninja turtle than an orc, imo. Think about it, Kumail.
I like this series sometimes but what is the point of this series of Conan playing video games, because Conan never seems to enjoy it that much, he doesn't really come to any understanding of gamers of games, he's not really introducing games to customers, he's funnier at different things so I don't quite get it
I feel sorry for this guy in every episode of clueless gamer :'(
Please tell me the whole Kumail voice is not real. Please. It is terrible
You only get one shot with a crossbow. I dont think the creators know how they work.
yet another game riddled with lootboxes , microtransactions and pay to win multiplayer...
Middle-Earth: Shadow of War - STEAMPUNKS or Middle-Earth: Shadow of War - CPY, wait for it...
Conan: You're a really good gamer. You really are.\nKumail: What about voice acting?\nConan: ANYWAYS!\nLOL
Just a day left!
His voice.....Could they not put a Filter over it?
Do not buy this game its just a massive scam.
I want this game so bad but im so broke my last pay check was under a 100
DO WWE2K18 IF YOU CAN
I didn't see this on my subscription feed. I don't like that I didn't see this video on my subscription feed.
Who else is planning to make Kumail Nanjiani’s orc character suffer? Reggie didn’t suffer enough.
That guy must be the worst voice actor ever
watching conan attempt to play games isn't that funny
Please get him to play Dark Souls 3
7:22 Lmao he just dodges over the question like nothing xD
At least Conan didn't trash this game like Final Fantasy 15.
That voice acting... was... TERRIBLE.  The lin e is kinda funny, but that delivery and vocie just don't do it any favors imo.  Not hating on the guy, but know your strengths...being an Ork isn't one of em.
I think his voice was actually pretty good tbh, but my motherlanguage is not english so maybe its because of that.
No it's not my religion, I just like it. 0:38 - 0:40\n\nPeople who get offended by others who just have different opinions from theirs need to know this. LOL.
Why does everyone wants aaron back i mean he does stands alone on this channel and besides playing with celebrities makes it more interesting for the audience
I really like Aaron he's so cute!!!
Wait. Was that voice over real...? That can't be real, can it? Nobody could have thought giving an orc that voice would be a good idea....
Please stick to comedy Conan and leave politics alone. Thats why people watch you to escape the crap and corruption out there. Your job is to entertain us not to inform us of whats going on in politics. Please stick with comedy, for the love of Pete stick to the comedy!
Didn't now Kumail voice acted in this game. Guess I know who's gonna be my favorite Captain
out of all the guys they could have picked to help conan they pick this fuckwit
Conan, I love these videos but seriously just play with your nerd friend, it's been so long I've forgotten his name
He's done enough of these I'm surprised he hasn't picked up some knowledge about the games.
That wasn't real was it? It ruins the whole vibe of the game.
PLEASE do a clueless gamer with Norm Macdonald!!
Conan stays getting fuqd up, every game he play
I hate people like this who push the stereotype that all gamers are basement dwellers if there good.
✝️ *HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n✝️ *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n✝️ *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n✝️ Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n😇 *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) 👿\n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* 😓\n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n✝️ For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
Conan, stop it! You are never going to be pewdiepie! Realize you lost your audience years ago when you turned into a libtard. Remember those ratings?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=X_5_BLt76c0
please play Dream Daddy
Plays middle earth without Elijah Wood...
There was a little shade and the creator was feeling it
Do a simple Google search: WUMO SEO. Its the most trusted Seo agency. They offer 100% refund policy. I highly suggest this company.
i'm dead 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
More clueless gamer please
Thank you conan   thank  you  lol
https://youtu.be/hnktM-7NzLc
Kumail Nanjiani = Indian version of daniel radcliffe
Kumail looks so embarrassed, but yeah; the developers should have changed his voice or asked him to do an accent. I’m so sorry dude! I’m glad you told us you were told to keep your voice the same
you're WAISTing my time genius, hahaha
That was fun.
So.... any puns revolving around kumail's orc death?
Hold up... new leather jacket?
SHAME. SHAME. SHAME. SHAME.
worst clueless gamer yet
Good good now I demand another clueless gamer
Best Thai Restaurant = Best PF Chang
Clueless gamer with IT!!!!!
That was hilarious
Conan should play Conan
I love Kumail
😂😂
Simply Go to google and type: WUMO SEO. Its the best Seo agency throughout the world. They provide you with 100% money back refund. I just love WUMO SEO.
ALLU AHACKBAR
Just go to the google search and search: WUMO SEO. They are the most excellent Seo firm and ranked my website in a matter of 2 months. They'll either rank your web site or offer money-back. I vouch for WUMOSEO.
The Indian guy looks like a snob
CG muzzle flashes is kinda bunk it looks good on screen but in my opinion but it would of been a lot cooler if it was a fully functional firearm instead of just the trigger functioning that would of been one of the coolest guns to take to the range
I'm really curious what kind of leather jacket the prop master is sporting
I'm curious what type of ammo the new blaster uses, like is it bullets or is it an energy weapon? I only ask because it doesn't look  like it has any place to load traditional ammo.
Using a real gun in the prop sticks with the post modern feel of Blade Runner, the new one looks like some shit from the sci fi channel
Wasn't the old blaster a replica made by Tomenosuke?\nThey also got the permission to use the Blade Runner 2049 logo on the boxes of their latest batch.\nI can't understand why they are not addressing it and give Tomenosuke the proper recognition.
I don't get how in 30 years the blaster develops only into a single trigger difference really. Still a gun
I really have to rewatch Blade Runner again. it's been far too long sense the last time.
so k's sidearm is a blow forward receiver?
the new one looks on the barrel bbut the original's handle is so much cooler
how much did the one with the wood handle cost?
Should of based the new gun on a Luger i feel like if you modded it right it would function and look awesome.
Now the real question is will they help those who are interested in the parts of the gun (if it is made of any real items not completely sculpted new) with showing them what its made of. Or will it be another 20+ years of fans working together.
Adam review 2049 please !!! I wanna hear what you think.
Lol, Adam is already measuring and taking memory pictures to make his.
Fact it could not function as a real gun completely kills the cool factor. Its just a toy not a blaster.
Four words which will make you think of one movie:  Three Fifty Seven Magnum.
Lets hope Mr. Savage took measurements and all do to we do not want the blaster guess work all over again.
I love the bottles of Johnnie Walker in the background!
oooo those are noice...than handle is sweet....that recoil is so awesome...reminds me of time crisis
Anyone else distracted by the beautiful Ducati in the background?
I would love for Tested and Adam to take a look at some of the weapons from Dark Matter on Netflix.
For someone who really, really hates guns, Adam Savage really, really loves guns
Where was this filmed it looks very much like the Netherlands
Do we really need more videos about guns right now? Plus the movie is boring garbage.
Sorry to say but the movie was dumb, I didn’t understand it
Like a kid in a candy shop
Adam Savage acts like a NRA poster boy.
I thought 2049 was better than the original movie, but I'm not crazy about the new blaster. They did the classic sci-fi designers pitfall: Making it look overly cool and sacrifice function for form. I also just don't think it looks that cool. The original gun felt grounded and real, and had a very unique look. This new gun feels overly designed.
Adam Savage, what a damn savage.
2:32 Hans Zimmer recording his score in the background
i was really waiting for Doug to be like well you can keep one if you like that would have been awesome lol
Most iconic handgun? More so than Dirty Harry's 44 magnum? Bond's Walther PPK? Robocop's Autopistol? I mean, yeah, it's a cool gun, but I don't think it makes the top 10 of things  that come to mind about Blade Runner.
although I respect the work and effort put into the new blaster, I just don't like the new design of it... just looks like your typical futuristic pistol, doesn't look as iconic and special as the first blaster
Still surprised there isn't any Blaster homage in Destiny.
I love to see someone as acomplished as Adam get all giddy over something.
Where's the latest This Is Only a Test podcast?
They made it grey and generic, nice
He needs to learn how to trim his beard properly. Looks silly that high up.
How disappointing that you guys didn't even bother showing us close up comparisons. Verging on pointless!
Idk if this info exists but in the world of Blade Runner 2049, what caliber does that gun shoot?
Did anyone else notice the Jack Daniel's bottles ?
Can Doug and his crew redo the weapons for Alien: Covenant? That was such a cop out for them to use basic AR-15s and Steyr AUGs instead of coming up with something original like in Aliens.
Didn't like the new one. It's a beautiful desing, ok, but it lacks the mix of old and new, the revamped art deco look that made the original Blade Runner so influential and unique.
Not a particular fan of this new blaster design. I can't quite put my finger on it. :s
Next gen gun is ok but they should have kept the grips closer to the earlier version.
music at the end... Vangelis?
New gun looks like a super soaker
Why does it have two holes at the end?
Looks like Timecop Beretta with ugly handle. Original is much better.
I wonder if Adam is capable of being disappointed, or if his excitement and enthusiasm always carry him beyond his expectations? I have a feeling that Ridley Scott could stub a cigarette out in a dog turd and Adam would be waxing lyrical about the aesthetics.\n\nI mean, the props do look good (as you might expect on a $150million+ production!) but I strongly suspect that however they looked he'd struggle to see anything wrong with them.
Damn it you lazy bastards! Get off yer asses and take & upload a cam already!!
Does Adam Savage Dream of Electric Sheep? Probably not but I bet he dreams of building the 2049 Blade Runner Blaster! ;-)
Adam please made me a accurate blaster please of Deckard. with flasing fire and sounds and heavy handguard
I just realized, is Adam wearing his hat...backwards? xD
I know they're fake guns, but my heart stopped when I saw Adam pointing it right at that dude's chest
That red ducati in the back is so sick too.
And I bet Doug was thinking Adam is such a legend
It's funny. I really don't care about most of this nerdy stuff, but I really enjoy Adam and appreciate the craftsmanship of the people who make these props and replicas so I watch anyway.
Honestly... the reason movies these days loose the excitement of older movies is because everything is CG! If you're making a gun, make it fire! Stop going the cheap and easy route of making fake props!
Where is the boring bald chap?
2 Blasters. Not a spectrum of Blasters, Adam.
cg muzzle flashes look like crap. the issue isnt the flame itself, its the way it (doesnt) light the things around it realistically.
You get to get to do some way cool stuff Adam!!!!
Beautiful pieces. I adore watching Adam get so excited about props and design. It is so wonderful to see a person be so passionate about his craft and his fellow craftspersons. Adam's the ultimate prop-tart and we love him for it.
I love that jacket at the start and finish.
Adam and his Blaster again 😂
God that seems like such a cool job!
Will replicas be available soon. And if so, where do I find them? I''m desperate to buy one but don't know where to look.
How to make Adam nerdgasm in one easy step. :-)
You can't but be happy for Adam... So happy that you got to play with the guns!
...The original blaster is probably also my favorite movie prop ever... but I might like the new one better. It's clearly inspired heavily by the original yet is wholly unique, with a fantastic color and heft. \n\nI'm not a gun guy but this is why I love futuristic weapons and tech design.
He sounds a little like Saruman!
The prop master is so Hollywood. He’s cool tho
3:50 ish\nwanted to make it as interesting as possible aka.. make it complicated as fuck so that people will shit their own brains trying to replicate it.\nHuman beings love puzzles though. IT WILL BE SOLVED.
Something about the 'new version' feel like antiques.   I would have rather seen an electric pistol with caseless rounds stacked in barrel.  It'd be much more accurate where handguns are going in the next 50 years, but.. meh.. nostalgia seems to be this movie's first master.
Amazing movie
Definitely still could have fired blanks
Is it just me, or does the old gun look way better? The new one looks like a goofy and generic comic book rip.
Adam's hat, anyone?
My precious!...
Meh
That Gun
Thank you!!
Thsnks Adam
No close Ups?
why is adams' hat brim backwards?
sorry they ruined it
That's a borderland gun lmao. Jakobs'
Nice 🔫
funny that Harlocker mentioned District 9. He's Sharlto Copley's doppelganger.
Las vegas
That Gun.
6 ounces = 170.097139 grams\n8 ounces = 226.796185 grams
Blade Runner 2049 a masterpiece movie! ❤
tested in 2049
Doug should have given credit to Tomenosuke & Adam knows better. They may have made one Hero from scratch but most of those blasters are a kit from Tomenosuke; not fabricated by hand from scratch like he is claiming.\n\nThat is why Adam is not raving over the classic blasters and is fascinated by the rubber one and the new versions.  It's because he knows what they are and has several.
After the crime spree that occurred in Las Vegas, it’s appalling that you would post this on a YouTube. Remove this video immediately or else my organization will slam the might of our collective to banish you from YouTube and every other social media site. You have been warned you trifling heathen! Damn... all you crackerz are all the same! What is it with you and weapons?????
movie was crap
The new blaster is shit.
Wrong ...most iconik gun is dirty harrys magnum.
WoW...at first I was wondering...then YESSSSSssss I get what this Man is trying to say...WE DON'T NEED CORPORATE PROGRAMMING...WE DON'T NEED TO BUY WHAT THEY ARE SELLING...WE NEED PROGRESS AS A SPECIES.....WE CAN RULE - BEING OURSELVES WITHOUT THE PRETEND!!!..WE ARE ALL ROYALTY!!!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH. Such a creature of a different frequency SUPER SMART! We GOTTA CATCH UP!
She looks like a lizard person
Russell brand  and Kate winslet  from Titanic would be a great couple he's funny just like her 😂
I love watching his interviews with Wendy lmao. He's so extra, but hilarious and very intelligent.
Aliens have landed! what's not to love?! Let loose, bring out the fantastic in our world!
He's so yummy and smart
He so owned this haha he's so funny!! Anyone else really considering buying the book 👀!
Woke and always sexy ❤️him !
he played you Wendy
Amy whine house love her still this man is so amazing at being himself so funny hahahaha
I laughed so hard. Omg. I love Russel he is a Wildcat. Wendy your great. So much energy...
RUSSELL IS ARTICULATE ASF
so cray , hes brilliant
This was brilliant!
Wow. Never seen her so unbalanced. Smashing!
He looks high af
He's hot
*drooooool*
I love this this mutherfucker crazy brilliant love him lol
Russell could've done that segment all by himself.  This was her worst interview imo constantly asking about the past,  katy perry and even amy winehouse, really?
i love his energy!!! lol
Wendy is clearly confused throughout this...
i just fell in LOVE with russel brand  THAT is why British humor and British blokes rock!
This interview was hilarious! I was laughing the whole time i was watching it. He reminds me of Jim Carey, he cant stick with one topic, he gets all over the place and makes people laugh at his jokes.
I love this man. 😂💛
He’s a bit exhausting hahah but u gotta love\nEm he reminds me of one of my acting coaches from college lmao
Love this guy.. Quite impressed at 9:05-9:15. Truer words have never been spoken. Thanks for exposing yourself in such a way that your example can be viewed as genuine and sincere. I find him funny, entertaining, and highly intelligent.
Love his crazy energy and passion! Handsome man! 😍
Crikeys Russel I didn't know about the mothers bits moving forward like a mound - and I have four children
This is hilarious! Both of them are HILARIOUS working off one another
i was ringside, and i used that word deliberately hilarious and didn't even get a laugh
He is exhausting‼️ but so interesting and has great energy
The entire part when he said he woke up in a refugee camp I was deadddddd\nI don't know how I ended up in there! it was very difficult!💀💀
his mind goes a mile a minute - so fast, so witty
omg i love russell!!!
Cant not love the Russ!
He is funny love him
Russell talking about swimming in chocolate waters then there's a shot of 2 black women?! #ShadyCameraman at work again. 😂💀
This guy is weird in a way that his presence is too heavy
I can't watch this...he is too much.
I so  get him.
I have always found his humor awesome and out spokeness
6:55 Russell is so smart ♡
I liked how inclusive he was when he was taking about childbirth and said ...men need to know, or same sex partners also. What a great guy.
He said he ain't exploit the chickens yet. LMBAO. I could chill with this dude all night. That one crazy white friend every black man needs in his life.
Wendy can't handle him. His mind and his  personality is too big for this platform.
This was a great interview, hilarious and deep.I feel like I was high watching him. I enjoy him but can only take him in doses. 😂😂
Phwoaaar aren't you lovely 😫😫😂😂
gawd hes ANNOYING af
3:18 Wendy got called out!
Well I didn't know Russell was woke. Don't go missing Russell
It's thought, Russell, not fawt. It's the only language you speak, Lassie, and it's not that hard to get it right.
OMG \nDude is straight up hilarious!\nFires on all cylinders.
I knew this would be interestong to watch. He really has made himself a blessing to this world. :) good job Russ
Well isnt he a fruit
After what he did to Katy, he disgusts me...
Wendy is so false. Is she autistic ? Comes across very strange.
Russel Brand should read up on borderline personality disorder.
He is an intelligent, spiritual person that believes in growth.
Wendy could not handle his quick wit, vocabulary, and his intelligence 😂
Ive always loved him and amired him so much. such a smart person .
I love Russell, I always have!
Wendy was being weird in this interview. She had a stink face on, wouldn't engage him in any of his banter, like she was above him or something. She kind of just moved to the next thing every time he said anything. When she did laugh or smile it was forced and fake. With every question it seemed like she never cared to wait for an answer and just wanted to move to the next one. Like she wasnt interested in anything he had to say. I don't think she likes personalities that are stronger than hers.
Russell Brand adore you I wish Katy and you could still be together.You are hilarious.
Wendy, girl, learn to have fun and take people as they are. Russell has a lot of energy, is so smart so stop undermining him. its not like your show is as enlightened as he is, get with it mama. Be nice! be professional 😒
You cant not love Russel hes funny AF! Like a hyper puppy, but hes very intelligent and throws shade quicker than Wendy blinks!
I love his interviews. Crazy fella 😂
He's definitely one of a kind - he's so unpredictable and woke, his mind is so interesting.
He was such a delight to watch! Loved this interview ❤️
why when someone writes a book all of a sudden they come a best selling author like who still buys books anymore people leak PDF's for free
I wanna talk about your book but I haven't looked at it.
oh my lord he's iconic
His voice and accent lol
I love this guy!
Absolutely LOVE Russell Brand
He's fungly.
Lordy! How charming
Creaming punching lunatic joke had me on the fucking floor 😂😂😍😂😂
3.18 my favourite part
Best interview. Funny/informative
Wendy is insufferable.
I love him
I LOVE HIM!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂🤦‍♂️
Funniest celebrity interview ever!
Lmno
😂😂😂😂 Russell 👍🏼
He is soo fake.
He is amazing
He killed it😂👊🏽
Still waiting for Hop 2 😁😁😁
Such a babe😁
He is so refreshing!!
'Ivanka trump, Donald trump and melana 💀trump, the trumps' HILARIOUS 😂 love him sm 😩
omg!! hahahahahahaha he has me laughing!
he does make laugh bloody lunatic!
He is so sexy.. He's the type to start a cult and I'd follow him
who he...
has he actually gained some weight ??
Hi guys!! Will be starting Accutane on Oct 12 (assuming all goes well with lab results on the 11th) and will be having the acne story video coming the following week! I'll be documenting each month on Accutane & filming update videos, etc. This video was pre-filmed, so I ended up being able to get about 2 months of Foundation Friday videos pre-filmed in time before starting Accutane- yay! xx
i LOVE how involved you are with your audience! I really feel the effort you put into these videos. I love how you're constantly switching things up and asking what we think and taking our thoughts into consideration. You are and will always be the most attentive and caring youtuber ever! And my favorite 💕 Love ya! #SnapFam #Baeritto
Just want to say that Walmart has ooA :)
my skin was so incredibly oily before accutane that even though i was on a high dose my skin never even got dry, just normal. i never peeled or anything lol. now my skin is moderately oily and it was the best decision ive ever made. good luck on accutane i hope everything goes well for you! stay hydrated and take fish oil!
I wish you well on the accurate journey! You're gorgeous already, I have a good feeling it's gonna work out lovely for you :)
Hey Taylor! \nWas wondering if you could do a review of a new drugstore makeup brand that just hit my Walmart shelves called found cosmetics it's supposed to be an all natural eco friendly brand! Would love to see your thoughts on it! Love you!
Hi Taylor. This isn't makeup related and I know you don't like to make personal videos but I was wondering if you have any remedies or suggestions for my sister's migraines. She got a really bad one today and I feel so bad not being able to help her.
Glad to see a negative review on this foundation. I have combo skin. No breakouts or issues typical combo. I tried this so many times before I tossed. It looked like crap around my nose. Made my pores look huge no matter what primer and broke down in my t zone.
The edit on the display image tho...bad
i wish ypu well with your treatment. my daughter did the Accutane treatment. it worked but only temporarily and her skin was incredibly sensitive- even the skin on her hands. out of absolute desperation, she finally went oil free vegan, eating veg, fruit, seeds, nuts, and grains. bingo....took about 2 months, but she's nearly flawless now.
You have beautiful eyes
Bummer you didn't like this foundation... It's my favorite drug store full-coverage foundation for my combo/dry skin.  I always set it with translucent powder and a setting spray... but it wears all day for me until I take it off.
I like the idea to use primer on only half of your face. I've used a number of foundations that don't work well with certain primers or look better without any primer at all.
Thank you for all of the hard work and dedication you do for your fans. I love listening to your voice,it calms me down when I'm having an anxiety attack.
Have you tried Curology?
Whoa! Makeup really changes a person!
Please do a video on how you whiten your teeth. They are WHITE Im a coffee lover like you and I need to know!!!
Lmao and you think covering your zits with shit makeup is going to help NOT dumb video
Hey Thataylaa, I just wanted to say that I love your videos and I appreciate you helping us, acne prone skin sisters out with our foundation choices. I was wondering if you would be able to review the 100 pure 2nd skin foundation? I love the ingredients but I'm not quite sure how well it does with coverage and wear time. I have similar past acne marks like you. Thanks and wishing you an awesome week! 💕
I was on accutane for 6 months about a year an a half ago and I honestly think it permanently damaged my skin.. good luck and I hope you get good results! And moisturize moisturize moisturize!!!
Thank you for all of your hard work! We appreciate the dedication you put in and it's one of the (many) reasons we love you.
Revlon color stay powder usually makes any shitty foundation stick all or most of the day for my oily skin.
Taking Accutane was one of the best things I did. It's been over 5 years and my skin is still pretty clear!
I was talking about this to a friend of mine who was on accutane and she told me it made her super dry “down there”. I don’t know, I thought that was an interesting side effect I’d never heard of
I think that make up is messing with your acne .. but you're still Beautiful
Will you please do a review on The Balm’s Even Steven whipped foundation. The jar looks so tiny, but it’s supposed to be super full coverage.
I'm a guy, I feel like having a layer over your face would feel soooo uncomfortable.
FAAAAKKKE
Heal first!!
Omg. All these people who have never had cystic acne giving “advice” on how to get rid of it. \nI’ve had cystic acne since I was 13. Here’s the list of things I’ve tried to get rid of it. No soda, no dairy, no gluten, no sugar, no caffeine .  For a year. Every prescription drug except accutane. Salicylic acid, benzoyl peroxide, no makeup, working out 3x a week for a year, more sleep, more water. I did all organic food with no processed foods and no dairy for 3 weeks. (The ultimate reset) \nGuess what. I still have cystic acne. I am now 44 and am considering doing accutane, even though I’m terrified of the side effects. Nobody who hasn’t dealt with this for most of their life gets to have an opinion on what will get rid of it. \nGood for you, Taylor. I hope it works well for you.
I have normal skin with an oily tzone and I've tried this foundation a couple times. It felt disgusting within 2 hours.
Thank god you're finally doing something about it, all these damn foundations don't help.
Hi from NZ!! First off can I say that you are an absolute inspiration to all those who suffer with acne. You are incredibly beautiful and I hope all goes well with the accutane. I went on isotane (very similar) and I went off due to some emotional side effects but hey everyone is different😊 My advise is pretty much the same as most people: A good lip balm and moisturizer is everything:)  Good Luck.
This is why we have trust issues
Accutane cured me but it took 3 trials for me. Each time the acne was less and so were the sides (good luck with accutane during cold winter months). First my Chest acne was cured, second try my back was cleared and finally after my final try my face was cleared. It took me 2.5 years to fully get over acne at the ripe age of 23 lol. Even my scars have healed I'm 26 now. Tanning helps with the scars.
I actually spotted the shades 00A and 00B at my local Walmart. They seem to have more of a selection than any other Walmart I've been to lol
Can you add the Ellis Faas Skin Veil Foundation to one of your Foundation Fridays or 15 DoF?  Wayne Goss mentioned it, but I don't trust anybody else, lol!
Because I was a grease bomb, Accutane only made my skin normal out. However, it made my lips chapped af. It might make you a bit miserable, but stick with it! It is 1000000% worth it!
well milani is geared toward people of color so they probably actually didnt see a need to make light shades
Have you tried drinking a table spoon of apple cider vinegar twice a day? It really helped me out with my skin problem. Of course my skin didn't clear up the next day, but it took a week before I show a little sign of progress. And boy was it great.
Not sure if comments are a zero sum game, but came back to leave another comment just to say, TAYLOR YOURE DOING AMAZING SWEETY. #GoodVibesOnly 🖤
This why you go to the water park on the first date
What I don't like about foundations is they don't have a fair peachy color. Phycians formula had a foundation powder a long time ago in that color but stopped making it. Nothing matches my skin.
Why do white chick's have such bad acne
And this is why guys say make up is false advertising.
makes you wounder if she would not cake on the make up for a week if here acne would lighten up
OMG the amount of Mansplanning on this video in the comments is ridiculous.....Taylor I am so sorry that this still goes on. I love that people would assume that you have not looked at many options and figured out for yourself as an adult what is best for you. Crazy. I also love that people complain about makeup when they clicked on a makeup review. LOL crazy.
Accutane is seriously worth it. There will be scaring but it will go away with time. But it’s one of the best decisions a person with acne can make.
Makeup is great and all but I think it does more harm than good. Sure it may cover up what you believe to be major imperfections but it damages the skin even more. \n\nHonestly I’d suggest to women that use makeup to first drink at least a gallon of water a day, wear sunscreen in the morning, try not to eat foods that are really oily, and moisturize after your bath/shower. It’s troubling to see what some women have to go through everyday to feel confident in themselves. \n\nIt may sound cliche but guys appreciate it when women don’t wear makeup. Unless of course you’re doing it for yourself, that’s cool too...
I hope the accutane works for you ! I know it must be so hard and frustrating ! make sure to take care of yourself drink water, rest, relax and watch what you eat. Good luck ! I know your skin will clear up by the new year for sure !
Pleeeeease do a review on No. 7 makeup. They also have an app to find your perfect color but wanna see how it wears.
Wishing you the very best. \nGod Bless You young Lady
Nothing like pounding 5g of makeup to your face
Watch and Love all your videos! 🌯💕
I have super dry/eczema skin and this foundation works for me.
I have oily combo skin also and it looked just as bad on me as it did on you. I hated it, I looked like I was melting. Lol
How i got here beats me lol. Im a guy and never had any acne. But she seems so professional that i stayed to watch just cause. Cheers, hope you all have a good day and the accuthing works for you!
I tried a looot of foundations, high hand and drugstore, nothing works for me except this one 😯 i have acne and oily skin with dry patches
Good luck with your skin journey! I'm also considering starting accutane as well. I hope you get the results you want!!!
Your very pretty without the makeup, the acne doesn't bother me 🙂
Your fuckin hot. That mouth and teeth 🙀🙀 perfect
Hi Taylor! I discovered your channel about a month ago and I just wanted you to know how refreshing your confidence is. I have struggled with severe acne for awhile now and could not find anything that worked until recently. Unsurprisingly, the cure had nothing to do with unsolicited advice given to me, rather it was an extreme medical regiment. I can't tell you how frustrating it can be to watch some beauty gurus pretend to spot conceal their nonexistent hyperpigmentation and then tell me how good the coverage is. Your makeup advice would've been wonderful for me when I was going through the thick of my bad skin days and had no knowledge on how to cover it and feel confident again. People do not realize how painful, expensive, and embarrassing it can be to have severe acne and you push onward with a fuck it attitude that I love. You are in no way defined by your skin, but I know how exciting it is to finally have relief from it all and I can't wait for you to feel that too! \nKeep doing you, I can't wait to watch more of your videos! ❤️
Hey girl! Skin changing post accutane is pretty common but not always. My sister when right back to being super oily. I'm definitely less oily than I was but post I was normal skin for 6 months and then more oily again! It's a journey and you've got quite a few of us that have been on it! We're here for you!  ❤️❤️❤️ lots of love for you as you start this journey!!
I just tried this foundation for the first time today and I love it! Definitely a new drugstore favorite!
Hey Taylor! Thanks for reviewing this foundation - a lot of people seem to love it so I’m excited to watch the rest of the video and hear your thoughts. I just wanted to add that I would definitely love to see you continue primer on just one side of the face.  That would be so helpful!
what's the intro music!? If anyone knows please let me know, I love it
I have combo skin but I usually lean more dry because I am always treating my acne. And this made me so oily!
Girl, you are fabulous no matter what you do. I love that you're putting yourself out there and helping others who may be in the same boat. I can't wait to see how your story goes, and see the new videos that are broadcasting the different products you may be able to use after treatment. I love being a baeritto! 💕
Reasons why I have trust issues always take your date to the pool
I dont understand why people feel the need to comment it they have nothing nice to say.
Disgusting
*BEFORE* 🤢🤢🤢🤢 \n\n\n*AFTER* 😳😳🤔🤢
That went 0-100 real quick
Hoooollllllyyyyyyy fuuuuuuuu
i got 500th dislike wooo
Damn, if these comments are what it’s like to be on the trending page, I’ll pass.
Girl u need to detox and a doctor. Not no make up make up make it worst
Girl get a tan
Wait isn't the main reason for having her skin like that is because she's using way too much makeup...??
Damn. From Freddy Kruger to ru Paul in   An instant. Good job.
Listen young Millennials Males. These females are in disguise. They are wearing masks both literal and figurative. Make sure you know who you are getting tangled up with before getting in deep or you'll be stuck In a nightmare with a narcissistic Streg!!\n\nGo listen to a song by Billy Joel. Older song called The Stranger. You've been warned.
Have u ever tried face wash and proactive?
This makeup clears up your acne? If not you should moisturize and use sea salts.
Cut the dairy and sugar out of your diet. Add some leafy greens, fuck acutane.
Yo, what's all over your face
Good god is she ugly
Just stop putting on makeup until your face heals ffs. Nobody cares how it look ffs. I guess I get it for special occasions like black tie events or weddings.
What the fuck happened to your face wtf. That is definitely a symptom of a toxic environment. Did that happen before or after you started using makeup? Do you just eat butter nonstop? That is a crazy amount of herpes on your face.
I love it when you fugly bitches try to hide your acne with makeup , fucking pizza face hoe stop trying to hide your puberty complexion 😜😂
Beautiful why would anyone not do home organic remedies.\nWhy put chemicals on your face.
It's almost as if makeup causes shitty skin so you have to rely on it...
Tea like super tea...and no more pizza. I wouldn't put makeup on top of breakouts -it only clogs the pores. Toner, astringent, moisturizer. It is ironic really that the makeup you use is actually irritating your skin.
Wtf am I doing here? I m a f*cking boy
Omg the deception
🤢
just bye some acne clearing face wash
Maybe stop using make up and let your  face heal. ACNE DAMN!!!
Do you go to sleep with a fire ant face mask or something?  What the fuck is wrong with your skin?
ew ur skin looks gross
The bottom of your face looks like cottage cheese.
Google Yardley, Pennsylvania. That's where I'm from
Was grant from Utah?
What's with the Illuminati sign appearing in every video. Is it a joke?
I think I've seen this before..... just not sure where though...
Whose crappy hometown actually has a mall, a zoo, a bowling alley, an airport with 3 gates, a sports bar, and all that other stuff he mentioned? Mine ain't got none of that.
“Bowling: That’ll kill some time” never a more accurate description of bowling.
the nice mall, ya know the one with the cheesecake factory relatable AF
Loved the bit about public transit. Prob no nice stop shelter like that though lol.
You should see my hometown, there’s a killer shapeshifting clown in the sewers
The accuracy of this was eerie..
So true about the mall / airport / accommodations.
They are doing a lot of weird commercials lately. XD
Woah I can't relate to any of these, born and brought up in London...
That feel when your hometown isn't crappy and is already a destination people from all over the globe travel to visit..
My crappy hometown doesn't even have half of the stuff they said. 😂
My home town(s): Akron, Ohio, USA! Or North Canton, OH, USA!\n\nCome to Akron, they have the ZOO! And they... they have... You can get MUGGED! Yay, crime!\n\nCome to North Canton! No zoo, but a very nice mall! With a HOT TOPIC! North Canton has an AIRPORT! One city away, that is. Plus, low crime! Yay!\n\nPick one. Get mugged at the zoo or go have fun at the mall.
My highschool is a parking lot and there was no mall or club or even sports bar...
Wire busy door vs stick business chemical state.
Well, my hometown is one of world's top tourist destinations, so it is not really about me :) (privilege checked) ;)
my hometown has a courtesy bus for over 60's wishing to visit the local lawn bowling club. The bus operates between 4-8pm on weekdays and 10am-9pm on weekends. The poor bastards getting on the bus usually spend the whole time at the club gambling away their life savings on the poker machines until their middle aged children find out that their elderly parents are spending all their valuable inheritance, and the elderly i metioned earlier are placed into a retirement villiage or nursing home.
Oh wow your hometown had roads? What is this it had clean air? I never had clean air growing up! I'm so jealous
I'm going to college in a town that's smaller than that, jeez
Yeah I went to visit your crappy momma too
I don't even have a hometown
How did he some how accurately describe my hometown, even though I like it better then where I am now.
I moved to your hometown, mine sucked.
I wish my hometown had a Cheesecake Factory in the nice (and only) mall!!! You have to drive all the way to Atlanta for a Cheescake Factory!!
An airport!? AND A MALL!?
Had to drive 30 minutes to the real mall. The mall in town only had 3 places to go. We did have a Wal-mart though.
Just did, we don't have a Mall or bowling
My home town has woods.  I love it.
I'd go there.....I have none of these things in my hometown
CH: You're a loser if you don't live in a big city!
Come to my hometown where you can either go to the BBQ that doesn't clean the grill or to the dentists office. If you don't like those two things just stay home.
We don't even have any of those where I live...
What if your hometown is Las Vegas
I grew up in manhattan 😊 love living here still
Is the obsession with moving out of your home town just an American thing? We don't really have anything like that here in Australia. Interested to know if it's like that anywhere else in the world.
Ahh small town America, it's the Pallet Town for venturing white millennials.
Very funny! Could have said more about the lameness of the small town bar scene; under-age and/or under-educated people standing around watching MMA. Bunch of kids still living with mom + dad closing down the bars each night, or getting thrown out of them for fighting.
My hometown has 12 churches, 7 gas stations, a few different fast food chains, some failing local restaurants, and oh yeah, 12 churches.
i'm from NYC and I went to a state college in a small town so it was literally opposite for me hahaha fuckin hated my college town but 8 years after graduating from college, i kinda SORTA miss it. not really.
and yet still my shitty home town i joined the damn army to get away from still doesn't suck as much as LA :)
That awkward moment when you see your middle school crush as a teen dad...
The only thing my hometown has is a Walmart, Krogers, and a bunch of drunks that still hang out with the same group since high school.
My hometown is so small, it doesn’t have any of these things
What with the illuminati shit in all of their videos
no one is mentioning the split second illuminati symbol
Did I see a pyramid with an eye in the middle of a shot?
My hometown is a massive tourist destination, so visiting is only crappy when I just want to go to the beach and 50 million American's are there escaping their crappy home towns.
i love all the illuminati pictures they flash in all of their videos
Arlington Texas man.. I gotta get out of here
I went on a three week trip home for a friend's wedding and this... sums it up more than I wanted or needed. Depressing! \n\nRotterdam back to Indiana was strange.
What if the bowling alley already burned down?
Am I the only one who went back to try and pause on the Illuminati?
When your hometown is DC (or NYC) and this will somehow applies to you...
This hit home a little to literally
My hometown is genuinely the best. It's a 5 minute drive from the mall of America, a 10 minute walk from a waterfall/hiking trail, it has a nice ass airport, and our college teams are pretty good
hahahaha like I've got the money to move out of my home town
Like 5/10 on accuracy with mine.
Ok but actually my hometown consists of my f***in house and my crappy parents . Just wanna leave when I'll turn 18 next year
This is my hometown, but my hometown doesn't have a zoo and half of the stores in the mall are closed down.
we don't even have a mall or an airport, they're the next town over. the closest zoo is like an hour away, and the closest cheesecake factory might be 2 hours away. I can't wait to get out of here.
This guy should make a collab with keith from buzzfeed
This is just depressing.
Or just chill with your high school friends cause all their dumb asses went to community college or crappy state schools?
This is basically your hometown without the nostalgia filter. When you are a freshman in high school you would picture it as the All-American small town. When you're older, you realize how much of a dump it is.
I still live in my crappy hometown. I hate it here.
when your hometown is more of a big city...
My hometown is on O'ahu soooo.... Le's go beach.
I don't understand what this is supposed to be making fun of. The fact that the whole world is not one mega-metropolis? Or is it how unattractive a proposition to go visit your family is if they live in some small town? If that's the case obviously everyone realizes you don't have to go to the weird smelly bowling alley, it's not mandatory. Test your ideas out on someone objective before you actually spend the money to make the video.
The worst part is that there is s Cheesecake Factory near my hometown
Wtf was the Illuminati symbol about?
Have you seen where I live
Unless you live in Napa and everyone wants to go there 😂
I have to drive 4 hours to get to the nearest Cheesecake Factory
Can I ask why this is all true
I was born in the biggest city of my country so....
Y is there an illumunati sign in every single video
my hometown is like 6 different places. i haven't lived in one place for more than 4 years in my entire life
That home town sounds huge! It had a zoo and two malls? We had a alcohol store at gas station called the mall. \nWe did indeed have a bowling alley though, and a sports restaurant/bar thing next bowling alley. \nOur closest airport was a half hour away in the state capital, it had I think four gates, well, I guess we did have an airport, I don't think anyone I have ever known has ever gone there though, and I'm not sure if any flights that actually went there either... \nAnd my hometown wasn't even small, it was biggest city in the county!
What if you're actually from a big city and moved to live in a crappy small town away from your family at 18?
My home town is so much crappier than this
My home town was one of the biggest in that area\nand still counted as 15000 people.\nyeah,no kidding
My local nice mall had a theater, two really nice restaurants, a pet store, game store, mattress store, clothes store, a large fountain in the middle, and a room used by a driving instructor. Now half of those are closed, the theater and one restaurant sadly, and it is used as a nice place to walk because it is one floor and one big loop. Edit: I also lived 20 minutes from it.
My hometown has less than 2000 residents.. no stop lights..one gas station..one tiny post office..a volunteer library that used to be a house..one volunteer fire department.. That's it. I still love visiting there though.
Visiting Your Crappy
Unsubscribe. bye.
Illuminati confirmed
Illuminati confirmed
Wanna go bowling?
ILLUMINATI
You Illuminati !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The iluminatti hahaha
My hometown doesn't suck tho
oh you don't live in a big city you go fucking die you plebes. I mean i live in the I.E. and most of what he said was true in a way but i like a bit more satire then hahahah you live in a bedroom community and get the runoff of the big cities like L.A.
Is he talking about my home town? Our mall got an H&M only a couple of years ago
I could eat a really unhealthy burger right now.
It's even more depressing when you realize the exaggerated-for-humor description of a crappy home town is still cooler than yours.
my hometown doesn't have a airport or a zoo or a nice mall. i didn't get out when i turned 18 either, i'm still stuck here
LBW, subscribe before watching, everything before watching
HAPPY 5 YEAR ANNIVERSARY ALFIE AND ZIE U HOPE YOU GUYS GET MARRIED ONE DAY ❤️
ZALFIE IS LIFE I LOVE JIM FOR OUTING YOU GUYS
If you like it then you should put a ring on it...congrats guys
Missing the sims
Get married already your perfect together 👌🏼😂
You know when your brain does that weird thing where it jumbled up your letters? Ahah could have sworn the title said WE'RE GETTING MARRIED haha how weird is that
I love how all the comments are the same😂😑
